4	The owners of Postino, Windsor, and Federal Pizza have done it again!  The food is great, the staff is friendly, and the ambiance and decor were adorable, colorful, whimsical, comfortable, and stylish with a hint of sophistication. Favorites menu items include the Street Corn, the Short Rib Taco, the Baja Fish Taco, Minerva's Mix Tape salad (so refreshing and bright), and the Banana Pudding (the crust in the bottom is SO TASTY).  I also had the Bandit, which was kind of like a tamale plate.  Didn't think this was particularly unusual, but I loved their marinated pork - so good. This Mexican/Latin based food restaurant even has delicious agua frescas (with or without alcohol) and its own version of a Moscow Mule called the Mazatlan Mule, made with tequila and passion fruit puree. DELICIOUS!
5	You have to check out Joyride. What a blast. Gilbert has needed an awesome new hang out and Craig Demarco has done it again. Sit at the bar and you will not be disappointed. IF you are lucky enough to have Chris(tall and bearded) as your bartender, you will have the best service in town. The fish tacos are great and the nachos are probably the best item on the menu to share. One again upward projects has provided an awesome restaurant and I can't say enough GREAT things about this place and it's staff.
4	I have yet to meet an Upwards Project establishment that I didn't like!  The decor is awesome. Hip and comfortable. The outside patio chairs look uncomfortable but are. The chairs inside look comfy too.  The patio has misters- and you don't get soaked!!   The menu is simple. Tacos, burritos, sides, desserts, and a nice drink menu. As any good restaurant should, they brought out complimentary chips and salsa. Very tasty!  Chips were nice and crispy!  I had the chicken burrito.  My only complaint was the menu did not specify mushrooms were in it. It only mentioned a garden variety mix. Luckily they were huge chunks so easy to remove!  I also had the Mexican corn. If you like cheese, you'll love this.  Cheese was all I could taste. $5 for a piece of corn was a bit much, so between that and the fact the food does not come with a side (no rice or beans?).  This is the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5.  The food was excellent though.  We also shared dessert. The Mo's Definitely was good, and I can't wait to go back and try the others. The drinks were great too!  I had the Mexican Mule. Nice for a warm summer day out on the patio. My friend had a blood orange margarita, that was good too!Finally, I have to comment on the service. We went on opening day (6/4) and I expected slow, quirky service. Nope!  Other than the fact our server thought the corn came with 2 cobs, which he quickly corrected himself on, he knew the menu, made great recommendations, had out stuff out to us fast and brought exactly what we ordered. All of the staff there were very friendly, smiling, always checking up on us and refilling water. You'd never know they just opened, no opening day kinks that I could see.This is a great addition to the area, I can't wait to go back and taste more of the menu!
4	Gilbert definitely has a new spicy hot spot, Joyride Taco House complete with festive decor with a relaxed and friendly atomosphere! I joined friends and family on opening night 7 in all, Justin our waiter handled us like a pro. Not only was he a good waiter but everytime I blinked there was someone at our table with water, drink refills or clearing our table asking us if we needed anything else, they rock the team work attitude!  From the homemade chips & fireroasted salsa of which we devoured 3-4 helpings to the tasty chicken tinga, shrimp & scallop tacos,chicken nachos,machaca burritos, empanadas and El Domingo dessert with carmelized pineapple, caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream we finished every tasty bite! An extra thank you for replacing my picky princesses taco, which came with beans she wasn't willing to eat, once the beans were gone so was her taco! Happy kid, happpy Mom!This is the place to go to add a little spice in your foodie life! I'm looking forward to going back to try the variety of drinks and dive into the charred habenero "melt your face" salsa! Oh yes, and more chips please!
4	I never like to review a restaurant that opened just 24 hours ago, but I'll make an exception for Joyride. Upwards Projects has this restaurant thing down pat! I met my husband here at 10pm expecting it still to be busy, but there was tons of seating available both inside and outside underneath lanterns hung on a large tree.I love the decor and ambience. There is lots of fun decorations and bright colors that work well together without being garish. The big U-shaped bar area is fantastic with cushioned, velvety barstools. We were seated at a table near the bussing, but next time, I think the bar area would be the best place, if only for better service.Our waitress wasn't particularly bad, but she didn't check up on us enough. She walked by a few times with a smile, but never stopped to see if we wanted another drink. We always want another drink! Like we often have to do at Postino next door, we started placing orders with the friendly food runners.The food and drinks lived up to my expectations and then some. I got a veggie torta filled with squash, mushrooms, corn and avocado. I couldn't taste much of the "white magic" (the lime aioli), but the pickled jalapenos on the side really punched up the flavor. The telera bread was sweet which paired well with the spice and smokiness of the veggies. My husband said his carne asada burrito was ok. I loved the red salsa that came on the side. The complimentary chips are excellent, crispy and substantial. They come with a green salsa that's pretty good and is different than the typical tomatillo-based salsa verde.I really wanted to try a dessert (and salad, street corn, guacamole, etc), but the torta and two excellent cocktails left no room. I got the almond horchata with frangelico and the Mazatlan Mule. The horchata was basically dessert and went down very easy like the other cocktails. My husband got a blood orange margarita made with the standard Sauza tequila, and it was much better than any margarita I've had in a long time. Like their sister restaurant Windsor, I don't think you can go wrong with the cocktail menu.
5	When the world ends, I want the the last flavor on my tongue to be the scallop tacos.
4	Excellent food. Great vibe!Can't wait to get some more Short Rib Tacos and Orange Cucumber salad appetizer. It would be 5 stars but the service was attentive but slow and confused (I think they had to many staff people) but that I know will improve with time. I can't wait to try other dishes and drinks. The menu looks TASTY.  The decor was great and comfortable. It was hard to identify employees from customers since they don't have anything on to identify them as an employee.  I can't wait for it to cool down and be able to sit outside.  Looks really nice out there.
2	Thought overall it was an expensive meal for Mexican and have had better for sure.  The margaritas overall are average, but expensive at $9 a piece.  Better off with the pitchers of beer as those are cheaper.  Ordered the rockfish ceviche for an appetizer, which was nice and fresh tasting.  I have never been to a Mexican restaurant before where chips and salsa were not free of charge.  Not at this place and would not pay extra for salsa.  Got the Beast burrito, which the meat was flavored well, but with no typical sides was kind of disappointing.  Too much hype for a new restaurant.  Think you are just paying for the ambience.  In my book, Mexican should not be an expensive experience.By the way, I like how Yelp filtered this review even though it is real.  I've had this happen before when writing negative reviews for places.  No doubt I ate there yesterday at the restaurant!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. Downtown Gilbert has really needed a place that can make a good cocktail. The Mazaltan Mule and Pineapple Mojito are especially delicious. The food has been excellent. Wonderful tacos filled with very fresh fish or tender meat. The Rotisserie chicken is a very nice take on a classic American dinner. The staff is one of the shining points of this restaurant. All the bartenders are more than happy to serve up exotic libations with a smile.  joyride is a very welcome addition to downtown.
5	Boy, do I love this place!  My husband and I went on Saturday night with another couple and we were blown away.   All the tacos were great but the scallop, carne asada, baja and short rib were our favorites.  I am still thinking about the Mexican Street Corn the day after.  Amazing.  You would never know that this restaurant has not even been open for a week.  Can't wait to come back.
4	First the important thing... The drinks are amazing. Of course they have three of my favorite bartender's in town Megan, Chris, and Diane. The decor is nice and has a good size bar.Now for the food... We tried a few different kinds of tacos the chicken had a nice spice, the beef was a little salty, and the pork was way to sweet. The chips and salsa rocked. Oh did I mention the margaritas... Lol.All and all a cool place to hang out have some cocktails/food. We will be back I wish you were just a little bit closer to home.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the food!!!  Tons of healthy choices!  So fresh and delicious!!!!Awesome staff!   Very attentive, friendly and on top if it!!!Going back and taking every friend I have!!!
4	First of all, I need to mention the decor and the ambiance, which hit you as soon as you walk in the door.  It is obvious that a lot of love went into selecting each and every item that went into this restaurant.  My friend and I went for the first time on Sunday, expecting a wait.  We were pleasantly surprised that although relatively small, they have made excellent use of space.  There was both inside and outside seating  available, as well as some very comfy and cool looking bar stools.  We opted to sit at a table inside and we were not disappointed.  We were frequently acknowledged and addressed by a variety of staff members, checking in with us to make sure that we were ok.  Our waiter did a great job of recommending items from the menu, including a few tasty non-alcoholic drinks (**Note, these drinks, at 3.50 a pop are not cheap, and refills will cost you).  I had the Pineapple Agua Fresca and it was really good.  A little on the sweet side, though, and I probably wouldn't  order it again, unless I added alcohol to make it worthwhile (an additional $4.50 to add alcohol).  The chips and salsa are both freshly made.  In fact, our waiter apologized profusely that he could not bring chips to our table immediately because they were still being made.  As we perused the menu, I noted that tacos are sold a la carte.  All sounded delicious, and I opted for one short rib taco ($4) and my friend opted for 2 chicken tinga tacos ($3.50 each).  The waiter explained that a lot of people order 1 or 2 tacos at a time, and then reorder if they are still hungry.  I was definitely still hungry after just one taco, and I was dying to try the carnitas tacos ($3.50 each), but I also wanted to try one of the desserts--"Mo's Definitely" (homemade vanilla pudding, caramel, sliced bananas, salted pecans, and cookie crumbs).  Dessert was $6, so including the 1 taco that I had already eaten, as well as my non-alcoholic, non-refillable beverage, my bill came to almost $14.00.  Definitely not cheap for a "small" dinner that didn't include a side.  My advice to Joyride is to change the menu so that people can choose 2 tacos and include one of your sides and charge about $9.00-10.00.  It would seem like more of a meal and a deal that way.  The way the menu stands now is that you want 2 tacos plus rice and beans, you would be paying about $13.00 or $14.00.  The current menu offers only sides a la carte, ranging in price from $2.50 (rice) to $5 (corn).  I am giving Joy Ride 4 stars, just because I prefer a more "all inclusive" option when eating out, rather than just a pricier a la carte version.  The food is definitely tasty, and the service is great.  I would have given 4 1/2 stars if I could, because at the end of the meal, our waiter presented both my friend and me with a $10 gift card, good for our next visit.  He explained that these gift cards are given to first time customers.  Definitely a classy touch!   We will be back and we will bring our friends :)
5	Looking forward to a return visit. We all tried the blood orange margarita's and they were very good. Looking forward to trying the pineapple mojito on my next visit. I loved the chicken, corn and poblano tamale. I wish the rice was more of a mexican rice but the grilled vegetables with the dish were very tasty. My husband is still talking about the street corn. All in all we had a great meal. When the weather is nice the outdoor seating would be great. It was a little loud inside but too hot to enjoy the outside space.
4	Loved it. Just...loved it. Very hip vibe, very fun decor (can't go wrong with Lego Storm Trooper posters and hexagon tile walls), and the food...mmmm! The hubs didn't care for it too much, but he would prefer a big-ass burrito wrapped in foil to something with complex flavors and interesting ingredients. :) I love him, but he's not a foodie. I really enjoyed it--the tacos were fresh, brightly flavorful, and the meat was perfectly cooked. The house wine was great, too. Didn't taste cheap, and at $9 a glass, it better not be! The kids' menu was totally do-able for my picky 6 year old. She had a quesadilla with fruit salad and gobbled it up. We told her no churro for dessert if she didn't...that did it! Dessert took 20-30 minutes to come out. Not sure what happened, but they noticed, and they comped the dessert, plus gave us a $10 voucher for next time--very classy move, and saved the experience. I'll be back, probably not with the husband, but with my friends who are more adventurous!
3	I branched out of my normal stopping grounds to join a friend at his birthday dinner in Downtown Gilbert.  We dined at Joyride just a day after it opened, and there was quite the buzz which resulted in about a 20 minute wait, which was no big deal.  The interior is modern and bright, and very typical of what I have come to expect from the Upwards Project group.The best dish of the night was the Joyride Guacamole, it was topped with little pieces of crispy manchengo cheese, which makes plain guacamole look super boring.  The chips were thick, some of my dining partners didn't care for them, but for thick chips I thought they were pretty good.  The salsa that they bring out was a smoky, thick red salsa, it reminded me of the salsa from Chevy's. They have some other salsas that you can order a la carte, but we stuck with the free stuff.For our main dishes we got a variety of tacos and the nachos with carnitas.  I am a huge nacho fan, and I found these to be a bit underwhelming.  They were beautiful in appearance, but the cheese sauce that they put on them was pretty bland and they overloaded them with mushy, black beans.  The carnitas were decent, but I have had better.  The tacos were pretty hit and miss, the chicken tinga was the standout, the grilled fish was decent, but the carne asada was chewy and very lacking in flavor.  I am not sure if it was the cut of beef or the cooking, but either way, America's Taco Shop or even Filiberto's does carne asada better.I know another Joyride is in the works on Central Ave., so I will probably give it another try when they open, but it is not something I loved so much that I will take a field trip just to eat.
5	This place is awesome! Trendy, fun, yet laid back atmosphere. Once the weather cools a bit the patio will be a nice place to kick back and chill out. The food is full of flavor. If you like spice, they have it. If you like sweet, they have that too. My FAV drunk is the mint cucumber with vodka. The almond horchatta(sp?) Is awesome as well! I think they have about five or so Salas to try, I tried all the spicey ones; amazing! So far in my two visits I've had the fish taco, scallop taco, and carne asada taco.....yummy! All of them. If you've read any of my other reviews, you'll see how picky I am. If it's not healthy, I won't eat it. I have diet restrictions; celiac, and dairy. They were super cool with accommodating my diet. The bartenders and servers are top notch. I have to ask what's in everything....they all seem to know the ingredients like the back of their hand. Cool place, esp for Gilbert! Check it out...
5	A good place to eat and drink. Love the decor and the vibe. The tacos are pretty tasty and the drinks are all on happy hour price before 5!
5	Cucumber mint agua freasca... Enough said
2	Oh, Joyride, I really want to like you but I just can't. Maybe I ordered the wrong things. I opted to get the the tamales because they come with the house rice and veggies instead of having to pay extra for sides with the tacos. The tamales were just okay, kind of expensive for what you get, and I have to say I really missed having a side of beans built into the meal with the rice. However, the "white magic" sauce is fantastic. A star for that alone! Maybe other Mexican food places have spoiled me but seriously how much more expensive would it be to included some beans with the meal?? I also got the Jamaica...I mean, Hibiscus drink and it was by far way too sweet. Which was shocking for me because I love sugary sweet things and it was just too much. So much so I didn't even want dessert. I've never said that before. I always want dessert. The house salsa is okay. Not bad but again not great and same goes for the chips. Definitely not what they should be using to draw people into the place. I will say the staff is super friendly and attentive. Maybe too much so. At least 5 different people asked us if we wanted more chips and salsa. It made me wonder exactly who was our server if everyone is checking on us. Nice but odd. Anyway, I promise to try you one more time for the tacos. Fingers crossed it'll be better.
5	Love this place, great food and great addition to Gilbert.
4	This place has great food.  They are pricey, it's crowded and loud but the food is amazing and so are their signature drinks.  They also have terrific service which I loved.
3	If I'm ever on Gilbert Road starving to death, and Postino/Joe's BBQ/Liberty Market/SoCal Fish Taco Co. are otherwise unavailable, I would return. Absolutely nothing to write home about here. The carne asada was meh.
1	I traveled from San Tan Valley to eat with my wife and son, also joining us was my buddy and his wife and son.  we first ordered drinks. the horchata was at best not what i would call horchata. we also ordered jamaica which they call hibiscus another disappointing drink .  the lemonade was ok. the salsa was failed attempt as was the chips.  four dollars for street tacos and no sides you have got to be kidding me. we decided to leave before we got ripped off, our bill for just  four drinks came to about $18.50. we will not return.
1	My Wife and I decided to try out this place of a so call street taco.  The name Joyride says it!  they will take you for a joy ride on there so call tacos.  Im not going to pay 4 dollars for a taco with no sides.  The drinks are horrible.  Salsa is mushed up with who knows what.  Everything on the menu is so discrimintive.  Why GRINGO?  or is this place is only for whites.  I wouldnt eat here ever.  If you want good street tacos, go to a real mexican resturant, at least youll get sides with it and real food.  If there were a choice on the star, I would not even give one.  Horrible.  never eat at joy ride again.
5	Soooo, I made the trek out to Gilbert to give Joyride a whirl and I am pleased to say that my gasoline was not wasted. Everything was fantastic! The atmosphere is cool and the staff were completely helpful and friendly. We arrived for an early dinner and were initially blown away by the street corn and the ceviche. They were so fresh and damn near a complete meal all by themselves. But I was not to be cheated out of some meat (and no, fish does not qualify as meat).For our entrees we ordered the Beast burrito along with three street tacos (carnitas, short rib and carne asada). The carne asada was flavorful and moist - so unlike the tire rubber you get from other places. The carnitas and short rib were also awesome. We rounded out the meal (and ourselves) with vanilla pudding and I almost had tears in my eye it was so freakin good.We shoveled everything back and doused it with some Cucumber Serrano mixed drinks along with a Corona - the coolest looking 32 ounce beer bottle I have laid eyes on in some time. So tasty. The patio looks amazing (although I can't say that I even contemplated braving the 112 degree temperatures when we were there) and should be stellar when the weather creeps down. Will definitely be back!
3	Atmosphere is hip. Service is very good. Music a little loud. We each had a crispy fish taco. Notice I said taco... not tacos. We expected a little more food based on the price. The tacos here are pretty small. The taco was good but too watery (don't know what that juice was dripping all over my plate). Chips are ok, salsa ok. When I compare what I get from the popular local fast food fish taco place and other Mexican restaurants I have to wonder if this business plan will work.Quality is ok. Too expensive for what you get. I don't mind spending the money if I feel I am getting my money's worth. Don't know if we will go back or not... probably not.
3	Excellent team service even while waiting for a table outside. Overall on pricey side for what it is, music is loud, chips are on heavy side, carnitas and carna asada overpoweringly spicy hot for my taste. Other 4 at my table said 6 out of 10 overall.
1	I was waiting to try this new spot so I finally did.As you can tell, I'm not a fan.I'm not a hater nor a guy who has a bad experience and opens an account just to trash a place. So this is my opinion based on my visit:Service: Pretty bad. It was like a bizarre play with two waiters who didn't know what the other was doing. Things like one bringing more salsa and the other asking if we wanted more salsa. Or one took off to the kitchen after taking the order and the other showing up asking if we were ready to order. Awkward. Decor: This is probable the only highlight of the place. Nice decor, different flare, pretty interesting artwork on the walls.Ambiance: The music was super loud, the light was extremely soft (flashlight recommended) and the music playing was hideous. But come on, everything starts with the name. Joyride? Really? AYFKM? What has that to do with a mexican restaurant? The wheels on the wall might give the feeling of a joyride to nowhere.Food: The only dish that barely approved was the beet salad (not that mexican, though). The cochinita taco uneventful (plus it's a huge pet peeve for me that restaurants use names to call dishes that have nothing to do with the real thing). Carne asada taco, meh, plus the tortilla was breaking and everything was falling apart. The street corn was a tragedy packed with butter. I tried the strawberry fresh water wich was actually pretty good although super sweet (maybe ordering one and water it down would be the right way to go). The almond horchata, same thing with the cochinita. They label something with a name that is so far away from the real thing that it doesn't make sense at all. The rice was also gooey and hard (not well done and it seems that they were stirring it while cooking)Price: OMFG, are you kidding me now? 3.50 for a taco? And that's the less expensive one. Everything is super expensive specially for what you get.Sorry to the team who brought this concept but there's a lot of work to do if they want to be there for the long run.
5	Love Love Love This Place.We went on a Sunday afternoon and were able to take advantage of the Happy Hour that runs till 5pm all day every day. The guys stuck with the pitchers of beer, while us girls tried out a few of the "coctels" and "agua frescas" My favorite was the Mazatlan Mule.We started with the nachos and found them to be amazing. Ordinary nachos just will not do it for me ever again.It was hard to decide on what tacos to order, they all sounded great, and no one was disappointed in what was placed before us. The carnitas, short rib and shrimp were among the favorites. And don't forget to order a few sides....among the best were the mexican street corn and the heirloom anasazi beansWe cannot wait for much cooler weather so we can enjoy the great outdoor seating they haveSo run to Joyride Taco House if you are in the area....
3	I think I'm gonna have to come back here for a happy hour.  I can't give it a five, because the tacos just didn't merit a five... that said, the chips and salsa were spot on, as well as the carne asada quesadilla.  I love the ambiance and decor, and the service was really good.  In regards to the tacos, the main factor for me is the tortilla.  You can tell they were made fresh, but they were dry and a little bland.  They were white corn, which was cool, but I think the massa needed a little something.  I guess it was just meh - and when your joint is named after something specific, you should try to knock that outta the park.  Will I go back?  Yeah, but I'm not in a hurry to do so.
5	Joyride was a joyride. Finally made it in after being on my radar for a few weeks. Quite possibly the best tacos I've ever had (carne asada, baja fish, and short rib). Not sure if the 2 star reviewers are on crack, but these tacos were muy delicioso and service was definitely top notch. I can't wait to be able to sit outside in their lawn area with some tacos and brewskies without melting away.
5	I dig it. The tacos were really good. I wasn't a huge fan of the chicken taco but we tried the carnitas, the other pork option that I can't recall the name of and the carne asada and those were all really good. The guac was also good. I really like the outdoor area and will love to try it out when it cools down. The interior is small, but comfortable. The servers were really attentive and polite.
3	So I had high expectations because I'm such a fan of Postinos, and I probably hyped it up too much in my mind...Cute, stylish decor, as expected. We opted to sit on the patio (unfortunately) because it was an hour wait for an inside table. It wasn't too bad because they have misters.We were served water and chips and salsa right away. Thank god because I was starving! I really liked the salsa. Not a big fan of the chips though. Too thick for my taste.I got the cucumber mint aqua fresca and OMG...it was SO good! It sucked it down so fast! Our dining companions got the pineapple and said it was too sweet.And since it was our first time at the taco house, we got tacos. The carne asada, baja fish, shrimp, and fried fish. They were all so so good! Carne asada was so flavorful and the meat was really tender. The shrimp was cooked perfectly and there was a good amount of shrimp.  I was disappointed that there was such a small amount of fish in the fish tacos, but they were delicious. I was really pleased with the food. In fact, I usually take pics but we dove right in and they were gone before I got a chance!Where they lose 2 stars for me is that I feel it is overpriced and I received lackluster service. Which is weird because I don't think Postinos is overpriced. But really, $4 for ONE small taco? Come on! That's ridiculous.  Also, the service was, meh. Not friendly, indifferent really. It wasn't rude but it wasn't the great service I usually experience at Postinos, so I thought that was bizarre.
4	great food and drinks! almond horchata is delicious and good beer.
2	Ok, so my family and I went here for lunch today (Saturday) for the first time. We got there just before 1:30pm and we were seated right away even though 5 minutes earlier when I called them on the phone to see if there was a wait, the guy who answered told me there was a 20 to 25 minute wait. What's up with that? So we had no less than 5 different servers. They were all nice, hipster types but the girl that took our drink order never came back so I had to flag down the next random person to place our order. We got 4 different tacos (the carne asada, shrimp, crunchy fish, and grilled fish) to split between me and my son, my husband got the tamale plate, and we ordered the kids quesadilla for my 1 year old. Thankfully, the quesadilla came out first because the baby was getting antsy. As for the rest of our food, it took FOREVER to come out. In the meantime, we were munching on the chips and salsa. The salsa was good although the chips were NOT. But we were starving so we had no other choice.When we finally got our food, it was good. But honestly, the gourmet tacos at Rubio's are way better and way more filling for less than the price they are here. We would have ordered more food but it was so expensive, we felt it wasn't worth the money or ungodly time it would take for another order to come out. We did, however, order the churros for dessert. They came out fairly quickly and were good and came with melted chocolate for dipping. So when we asked for the bill, they brought it to us on a clothespin! Basically it was the receipt and a clothespin which my husband and I thought was pretty weird but funny. However, the amount we had to pay for such little food was NOT funny at all... It was just over $60!!! Yikes! So not worth it!So if you're a trendy hipster living in the burbs with cash to burn this place is definitely for you! My family and I will stick to Rubio's. Definitely won't be coming back to this overrated joint.
5	I ordered the Garden Variety Burrito and it was fantastic.  They are cool about leaving things out of the dishes if you have allergies, etc.  I appreciate that.  The vibe is great and everyone is very friendly.  We're thrilled to have it so close by.  Go Gilbert!
4	Tried joyride a few times. The horchata and fried fish taco are awesome! We will definitely be back soon! We would also recommend any of the happy hour cocktails, hard to go wrong with any of them.
5	Dear God in Heaven, there is a burrito here called "The Beast" that is, hands down, the best burrito I've ever eaten. I'm not kidding, WOW! Also, the quesadilla with chicken was pretty much the second greatest thing I've ever eaten. A little pricey? Sure.. Worth it? I'd say so.
5	It is very rare for me to give a five but wow. This place is amazing. It started from the moment we walked in the door.  Everyone was very friendly and accommodating.  The environment was perfect. The music was loud but for some reason I didn't feel like it was overpowering. I was able to hold a conversation without having to speak loud.  You wouldn't think music in the background is important, but the music was hip to the times. The lights were very dim but that made for a romantic atmosphere.  The chips and salsa were delicious. Before the food even came I already had a 5 star review waiting to give them as long as the food was up to far with the rest of the experience.  The waitress was very friendly.  When the food came out it was the best food presentation I have ever seen especially for the price of the food.  It was as if you saw the commercial for food and it actually looked the way it was shown on TV which we all know is very rare.  The burrito was huge. The "Beast" burrito was packed full of steak along with fresh cut avocado. It also had pico de gallo and beans inside. It was very filling.  The chicken and carne asada tacos were amazing as well.  Once finished with the main course we had to top it off with some churros.  I couldn't find one thing wrong with this restaurant and I would highly recommend giving it a shot.  I will now be a regular from here on out.
4	Since our first visit to Joyride Taco House on July 7th we have been there numerous times.  We are huge fans of Upward Projects restaurants.  It's one of those restaurants where you just like "being" there.  Great music, great service, yummy food and don't get me started on the Mazatlan Mules-hands down my favorite current drink!!
3	Joyride Taco House includes all of the wonderfully trendy requisites that those familiar with Upward Projects concepts are accustomed to: contemporary interior, big-indie playlist, hipstaff with an accommodating if occasionally tepid disposition,  and cheery bathroom displays of branded toilet paper.  It's owners' predecessors are much more subdued and earthy in character; Joyride is borderline frenetic by comparison, and I mean that in a good way: it's all bright colors and motley decor and 'we're blasting our decent taste in music on purpose you damn suburbanites so don't bring the babes if you're going to be uptight about it.'After scoping the decidedly mixed taco reviews (we Phoenicians are a notoriously cheap lot, aren't we?) I opted for the Cosmic Torta (veggie sandwich).  Too many mealy textures more appropriate in a burrito (squash beans salsa etc.) made for a mouth-feel that was muddy as hell, (which I really should have anticipated, by the way.)  The bread was perfectly tender and the presence of avocado improves pretty much anything, but overall big thumbs meh: that bite needs reworking.  The cocktails were the type of cloyingly saccharine deliciousness that you can't stop from ordering even though you know they're going to roil ceaselessly in your stomach later on.  I had a Mazatlan Mule and two Blood Orange Margaritas - so much delightfully tooth-aching tastiness going on, enough to +1 in terms of stars.Not the best of the UP lot.  That said, still better than 95% of the restaurants in the god awful locale that is Gilbert.  A must try if you're within a ten mile radius.
5	This place is awesome!! The food is outstanding! Everything my wife and I had was wonderful and full of flavor. The beast burrito is a true "beast" so bring your appetite for that one. Drinks are new and very good. Let them help you pick a good one. The atmosphere was great and they play some really good tunes. Of course you have to like old hair bands to dig the tunes. We will be back to this place again and again.
4	I had the pork tamales and they were pretty good. The meat was nice and moist and flavorful. The aqua fresca's were excellent as well. My wife had the horchata with a splash of amaretto added and it was tasty. I tried both of their margaritas, the blood orange and the house and they were very good. My wife had the enchilata's and she enjoyed them.My only complaint to this place is the drink prices of their speciality drinks. When it's not happy hour they are $10 each. If you like to have a few drinks, it would be best to visit here during happy hour which offers some great prices for drinks along with food. We will be back and plan on trying their happy hour food/drinks next.Forgot to mention, we were able to get seated right away, service was excellent and food came out really fast. We were in and out within an hour.
3	Well, it's not bad...but it's not great either. Walking in I was pumped to hear Deltron through the speakers and see the place was not as pretentious as I had heard from the grape vine. Since I'm not one for negativity I'll start out with some positives. A wide selection of aguas frescas with the option of adding booze to it was quite a delight, and the salsa they bring out with your complimentary chips was actually tasty as a mofo. Service was pretty good and,,, well...that's about it. If you are going to be charging around 4 bucks each for mf'n street tacos they better be amazing, the truth is they were not. You could score a hell of a better fish taco at rubios, the cochinito pibil tasted like a corona with a few cigarette butts floating inside, and the short rib was alright...just kick up the seasoning. A few adjustments and this place could be a gem.
4	My first time here, we showed up with a group of 12 people on a Saturday night and almost got laughed out of the place but all with a great sense of humor. They set up a place for us outside, which was mighty kind of them, and we had a wonderful evening.I hate to give a review based on one evening and I definitely plan to come back soon and really experience the place.From a "first look" perspective-the food is fresh and interesting-loved the complimentary smoky salsa-I had bites of several kinds of tacos and enjoyed all of them. The Blood Orange Margarita is tasty but like others have commented-it's a wee bit of drink for the price. I get the concept and I love it-fabulous ambience-fresh ingredients-unusual flavor profiles, clearly not Rubios-this is a destination place. But, that being said, Arizonians are used to great Mexican that doesn't bust the wallet. I'll be back for a second look!
5	Went here for the first time on Friday night and I was very impressed. The staff was attentive and we were well taken care of. The food was amazing and very fresh. This will definitely be our new neighborhood favorite.
5	Joyride Taco House is AMAZING! We ate there last Sunday and I have wanted to eat there every day since. -Trio of ceviche is delicious! So so fresh and the flavor combinations are wonderful.-Mexican street corn, yummy!-We tried the shrimp, carne asada, carnitas, and carnitas tacos and they were all good.-Banana pudding and churros for dessert, I'm in heaven.-The drinks were insanely tasty. Must trys are the Key Largo and Pineapple Mojito. Also tried the Strawberry Agua Fresca with Rum. I wanted to try them all but we were so full. Everything was so fresh and delicious and the vibe of this place is do cool I felt like I was on vacation.
3	Went there on a Tuesday night with some friends for my husbands birthday dinner. Got there at 6:30 and was told it would be a 15-20 minute wait. We got ourselves seated at the bar and were promptly greeted by the bartender. He walked us through the fresh Agua Frescas drinks and their signature cocktails. I ordered the cucumber lime Agua Fresca with gin and my friend ordered the blood orange marg. Both were knock your socks off good! Little hefty on price, but delicious! Also ordered the Citrus Agua Frescas and a Pineapple mojito....same caliper...delish! Chips and salsa were amazing. Nice hefty chips with just the right amount of salt. Smoky, spicy salsa that wasn't too chunky. We waited for our table for about 30 minutes before the waitress came and grabbed us. She was very apologetic but we told her were fine waiting with drinks and chips! Next came the food. Our group ordered the machaca burrito, short ribs tacos, carne asada burrito and a grilled and fried fish taco. Also ordered the mexican street corn. Starting with tacos: We were told the best seller was the short rib tacos. I found them to lack any flavor at all and had to add salt and salsa to give them any taste. Same goes for the grilled fish. Very bland. Burritos: Carne Asada burrito was ok. Not great.  It was a huge burrito that my husband only ate half of. Machaca burrito was good. I didn't try this but was told by my friend that it was really good at the beginning, but then lost it's luster half way through. Grilled Street Corn: I consider myself an aficionado on Mexican street corn. When driving through Mesa, I drive slow so that I can look for the carts and will stop and order it. I love, Love LOVE street corn. While they made a great attempt, it wasn't on point. The corn was way over cooked...almost mushy.  Didn't have a great deal of spice, even though there was chili powder on it. The cotija cheese was yummy. All in all, this place is great for pre-dinner drinks and appetizers. I will definitely try it again, but will order something else.I give the drinks a 5 out of 5I give the food a 2 out of 5. I give the chips and salsa a 4.5 out of 5.
4	I enjoyed this place quite a bit. I had three different types of tacos. I liked the carne asada best. The meat had a slightly Asian flavor due to the marinade that my wife didn't care for. My wife liked the veggie taco. This place has a cool funky vibe. Be prepared to wait there is always a ton of people.
5	This place is amazing!!! It's our first night here and we weren't greeted for about 10 minutes at our table, the manager comes up to us and comps are our meal the best customer service I've seen EVEr!!!! Plus to tacos are off the hook!!! Nothing Taco Bell about this place yummy!!! Deeply satisfied :)
4	Good, but not great.  My experience was similar to that of other yelpers.- cool atmosphere- condiments were the star more so than the actual food.  Excellent salsa- drinks were delicious, but mostly ice
3	The atmosphere was fun and vibrant...reminded us of Austin.  The tacos were a bit bland, but the margaritas were great!  Not sure if we would go back for the food, but the drinks and atmosphere were great!
4	We shared a crispy fish taco and the torta with pork. It was delicious! We also got a pitcher of beer for $5 (happy hour) the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the fish taco was pretty small for over $4. The chips and salsa were really good too:)
3	Trendy new place in downtown Gilbert, adjacent to the equallty trendy Postino.  Joyride has a good menu, and fresh ingredients.  The carne asada taco is excellent, as well as the fish taco.  There area couple of reasons why I'm only giving three stars.  First, the atmosphere is trying to be very hip and trendy, which I found a bit of a turnoff.  The servers were friendly enough, but I just personally prefer a cozier ambiance, rather than feeling like I'm in downtown Scottsdale.Also, I thought the prices were a little high.  They offer an excellent in-house salsa, but offer additional "premium" salsas for an additional charge.  I like trying different salsas, but found my choices to be fairly bland, and not as good as their house salsa.  The tacos are priced ok, though.Joyride is a decent restaurant, and I'd definitely try it again - but it didn't make me put it on my "must-return" list.
3	The food is nice. I found the portions to be rather small. The salsa and chips were fresh and tasty. The atmosphere is cute. This is more of a bar with tables, at least it seemed so the Friday lunch I ate there. The noise level was way to high for me. A table next to ours complained but I did not notice any change
5	Best burrito on the planet. Great nachos. Awesome tacos. One of my favorite places to eat.
5	Yay, a taco shop in Old Town Gilbert!  I was somewhat apprehensive but having a good taco shop close by that doesn't look like its 50 years old was a must try.Glad we did.  We went in around noon today, Saturday and sat right away at the bar :) The salsa we got right away was great!  We ordered the tomatillo salsa and it was way to sweet for us but the rest of everything was wonderfulI had the veggie taco which was a great mesh of veggies in a home made tortilla, was great.  DH had the carne asada and one of their pork tacos.  Said the carne asada was awesome as did one of the other guys sitting next to us.  Atmosphere is fun and inviting.  Pitcher was 7.5 which was great since each draft pint was $5.  All in all one of the cheaper lunches we've had in a fun place and the food was good.We did have really good service and it was fast unlike some other reviews, maybe because we sat at the bar but definitely no complaints here.  Overall, really happy this place is close to us as we moved out here a few years ago from Scottsdale and have been waiting for a new favorite!
5	Best Mexican food in the east valley! We've taken several friends here, and they have all loved it. Awesome veggie tacos, Mexican corn on the cob, and super fresh margaritas! Great service and system they have to get people seated & fed.
4	Cool atmosphere, great tacos just small portions for the price. Their home made tortillas are great and it's nice that they don't fall apart. Their spiked fresca drinks are good too.  Fun place for lunch or happy hour.
5	Excellent service, great recommendations, yummy tacos, and happy hour at noon.  They just need a queso dip and I'd give them 6 stars!
5	This was by far the best fish tacos I have ever had. I have been to a variety of places in Florida and Hawaii and California, with some killer fish tacos. These rank right up there. I thought only two tacos for sure I wont be full and will want more. I was pleasantly surprised on how full I was.  Their pitchers of beer were very reasonable 7 dollars for premium Mexican lager. OMG the churros were amazing! Must get for dessert no matter how full you are. Very fresh overall!
4	Loved it! I brought my dad here for a Father's Day lunch. The service was terrific! They had just opened a few weeks ago. The cocktails and Aqua Frescas were    unique and so delicious. I was told that they come in early to prepare the drink mixes from scratch. I tried three tacos; the fish was my favorite. The chicken was a bit spicy, the pork was ok. I will definitely return and will be bringing my friends!
5	This place is awesome!  From the food to the service to the music to the overall ambiance, it is amazing!  Make sure to try the street corn!
5	bomb.com and a great happy hour too!
3	Tried it out for the first time this weekend. The drinks (Agua frescas with alcohol) and food were good. I ordered a couple of tacos, and my friends also enjoyed the good (tacos and vegetarian burrito). However, the service was blah. They forgot an item and drink we ordered, and they arrived about 20 minutes later. So late that everyone else was done eating. There seemed to be confusion over who was managing our table- different people kept stopping by to tell us the food and drink were coming, but we continued to wait. They did credit our bill, and I'm willing to give them another shot because I liked the food and drinks.
3	I went here with some girlfriends for a girls night out and our service was impeccable.  The menu is pretty small and I am a very picky eater, so I did have a bit of a hard time choosing something (which is why I am only giving it 3 stars), but I ended up with a cheese quesadilla and it was very good.  All in all it was a nice place with great service.
5	It took a few minutes for anyone to greet me once I arrived, however, staff was friendly and helpful with selections. The environment is great! Very urban and hip like their other restaurants in Central Phoenix. They have Local First AZ books at the front which I'm a big fan of. Cool vintage steering wheels and headlights hang around the interior walls... Lots of group seating which is perfect for get-togethers. We ordered three tacos (crispy fish, short rib and chicken) and a carne asada burrito to share. In my opinion, the tacos are a bit overpriced for what you get, but everything else seems normal price wise. The carne asada burrito is a BIG YES - absolutely delicious. The crispy fish tacos are also really good. The chicken taco was fine (not worth $3.50). The short rib taco is a complete "pass" in my book. All I tasted was the corn tortilla. All in all, I loved it and will be back!!!
5	I'll keep this short and sweet. Came here expecting nothing great. The inside was very hipster and they had good music. The service was really good but it could be because they weren't too busy yet and they were only open for an hour and it was still early. Our server immediately brought out chips and salsa for us to snack on and the salsa was delicious! Well seasoned and really refreshing. I ordered the short rib, crispy fish, and carnitas tacos and wow were they delicious! The crispy fish and short rib tacos were really good but the carnitas wasn't all that great. There was a lot of meat in the short rib taco and the crispy fish was a nice size and had a great crunch. My boyfriend had a carne asada burrito called "the beast" and wow was that amazing too! The meat was tender and well flavored and the meat had a charred grill flavor to them which made the burrito super delicious! We had their mexican 75 cocktail and almond horchata with armaretto and those were delicious too! the drinks are on happy hour all day till 5pm and they were only $5. Overall experience was great and we'll definitely be back!
4	I love everything Upwards Projects (Postino, Churn, Windsor, Federal Pizza) does, and Joyride is no different.Over 3,000 square feet of space, patios in the front and back, garage doors on each side, colorful leather seats, eclectic art, and a hint of Baja created an overall relaxed destination for enjoying a modern twist on Mexican.  The music ranged from "Eleanor Rigby" by The Beatles to "Little Red Corvette" by Prince, which I loved.We started with Aqua Frescas at the bar.  Almond Horchata spiked with Amaretto liqueur (nutty, sweet, hints of cinnamon, perfect) and a Cucumber Mint with vodka.  It was pulpy, sweet, and divine.  All of their juices are squeezed fresh daily and include pineapple, citrus, and strawberry.  A spike legend on the menu gives you recommendations on best spirits to combine with each. Non alcoholic is $3.5, with spirit $8 ($5 during HH).As with any traditional Mexican restaurant, we received salsa and chips.  The fire roasted salsa and chips are complimentary, but other salsas are available for $2 or 3 for $5.  These are the tomatillo, guajillo pepita, pico gringo, chile de Arbol, and charred habanero.  The salsas were described as either "kinda hot" or "melt your face".The tacos came on "made to order" corn tortillas served family style.  The presentation of the tacos was fantastic!  We tried the carne asada, the crispy as well as grilled fish, chicken tinga, and carnitas ranging from $3.50-4.50.There were also four types of burritos such as "The Beast" with carne asada, Anasazi beans, avocado, fire roasted salads and pico gringo.I enjoyed the Chicken Burrito with rotisserie chicken, avocado, pico gringo, and a white and creamy Aji Amarillo.  This also came with a garden variety mix of Cremini mushrooms, peppers, corn, and squash, which I skipped.Overall, menu is fairly simple and straightforward, with some modern twists here and there.
5	Excellent!!! Food was awesome, the atmosphere was great. Service was busy but still kept me happy :) Free chips and salsa but we then bought a different kind, the habanero (YUM!!!!) and HOT! Will be back very soon!!!! Plus, awesome happy hour.
5	I've had this place bookmarked on yelp to try for awhile so I was excited when to come here with my boyfriend last night. This place is located in downtown Gilbert right next to Postinos. Since it was a Friday night the wait was long but We got there just before the rush so we only had to wait 40min. The inside was very hipster and the servers were all very friendly. They brought out the chips and salsa right away. It was so good we got seconds :) I had a coupon for a free appetizer so we started off with the Ahi Tuna Ceviche. It was a nice twist using ahi tuna on the ceviche instead of the usual shrimp. I got the crispy fish,chicken Tinga and short rib tacos. My boyfriend got the carne Asada, shrimp and Baja fish. I would defiantly recommend the crispy fish and shrimp tacos!!! The tacos were the perfect size and very flavorful. The only down side is that the tacos range from 3.50 to 4.50 per taco. A bit on the pricey side for the small tacos but there so tasty ;) then they gave us free dessert because of how long we had to wait to get our table. They didn't have  to do that for us but we defiantly appreciated it. We ordered the churros and took it home to eat. The churros were nice and crispy! I defiantly would come back & recommend this place to try.
4	I had the fish, carnitas, and carne asada tacos. The carne asada tacos were the best, although they didn't taste anything what I expected. They were kind of sweet. What really makes the tacos are the homemade tortillas which are fresh and perfect.Chips were cold and not good at all.
3	Ohai.  Tacos are good but expensive and so are the fresca.  Try to make it to happy hour(no food just drinks) Use coupons when able. Kthxbai
5	AMAZING. I had a great experience at Joyride. As a proud member of the Arcadia community, I rarely venture out of my bubble, but I'm glad we made the trek all the way out to Gilbert. The little downtown area where Joyride is located is adorable and obviously a hotspot on the weekends. My boyfriend and I came in early on Saturday night, around 5pm, and the place was already packed. The hostesses were very accommodating and showed us over to the bar where we waited for only about 5 minutes before we were shown to our table. Our server Dan was awesome! Super friendly, knowledgeable and helpful in making our dinner decisions. We had carne asada nachos-FREAKING BOMB-the ahi stack-refreshing and very tasty-Mexican street corn-DELISH-and an assortment of tacos, all of which were fantastic-my fave was the shrimp. And here's a helpful tip, if you join their "eposse" they send awesome coupons, our appetizers were completely free! It's safe to say I highly recommend this place and that I'll be back!
4	The people that brought  you Postino's, Federal Pizza,Chelsea's Kitchen  have done it again!  We went on a Sunday at noon.  We had excellent service with numerous servers checking on us throughout the meal. I'm a New Yorker, husband is a Londoner and we really get crazed when the service isn't good and this was not the case!  Service was top notch!The tacos were terrific. I  had Grilled Shrimp, Baja Fish and Ahi Tuna and loved them and I'm not even a Mexican food lover.    Hubby had Carne Asada, Shredded Beef and I think Chicken Tinja and he thought everything was delicious. The music was great - Cat Stevens to Prince to Sting and not too loud like Federal Pizza.  The interior is a well designed cool urban space.
2	Ugh I really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately it doesn't work that way. My girlfriend and I have driven passed this place a few times and since she loves Mexican food and it was our anniversary, we decided to give it a try. Initial impression of the place was good, great music, nice atmosphere, we walked in with smiles. After a 5ish minute wait we were seated and received our complementary chips and salsa. Chips were good, salsa was meh. This is where the experience went downhill. To make it short, horrible horrible service, we probably read the entire menu 5 times before anyone showed up. Anyway, on to the food, we both ordered carne asada tacos and carnitas tacos. Let me say, I enjoyed the pork tacos, good flavor, nice and juicy, very good. The carne asada on the other hand tasted like I was eating a burnt charcoal piece of meat. Once our mediocre meal was complete, we decided to take a nap since we had plenty of time before our server checked up on us. After giving us our bill twice (really?) we finally paid and left. Ugh this location is close and we had high hopes but alas another restaurant bites the dust.
3	Very hip place to be. I love the decor, the music, and just the general ambiance. We seemed to be served by all the servers, who were all friendly. They would all basically come up to us, and ask us how we were doing, and if we had ordered yet. Not sure if they were doing this on purpose, or if they were really disorganized that night.Ordered the carne asada taco, crispy fish, ahi tuna, and braised beef. I thought 3.5+ for 1 taco was expensive, but surprisingly they were pretty beefy tacos. 3 will leave you satisfied/full. They were all delicious and the salsa is quite spicy. My only disappoint is that half of the tacos came out cold, which gives you a harder tortilla and cold meat. They were still good, but could have been better.Also ordered churros with chocolate salsa. They were alright, a little doughy, and not thin and crispy enough to my liking.3/5 Would eat here on a rare occasion.
5	Went during happy hour and had the strawberry agua fresca with vodka, it was so refreshing and for a great price. Also had the ahi tuna ceviche, was a little spicy but again great flavor. Must try the chicken burrito! Was a great experience all around and can't wait to go again!
4	I had a group of 6 and a baby and we were all impressed by this non-traditional Mexican restaurant. With items like squash and goat cheese enchiladas and a dozen different tacos to choose from, each was extremely satisfied with their food. I also thought it was a nice, strong but not-too-sweet marg. loved the decor and kid-friendliness outdoors. The only small complaint was they didn't have a dedicated waitress per table, we kept being helped by different people, so you could say requests were a little slow, but the food came out fast. Maybe it was a Sunday night thing. Can't wait to go back.
4	The grand opening week was the first time we visited - tacos with a minuscule amount of meat - but things have much improved.  I'll chalk it up to the loads of trendy skinny -jean wearers trying to be as cool as we are. Now that it's filled with normal citizens, the food is much improved and they do have a nice draft beer assortment along with some wine for my wife.  It's nice to dance between postino next door and here so you can mix it up depending on what you are craving.  Very cool decor inside and a nice big bar.
5	Awesome! Service was great! Ambiance was great! Food was amazing! Highly recommend: crispy fish taco, braised beef taco and shrimp ceviche. This might be my new favorite spot!One thing I would change, is I would love for these tacos to be a crispy shell. The soft was good, but crispy would have been the BEST (for most tacos, not all). Maybe the option to choose???
3	Funky decor; friendly, fast service. Like the casual atmosphere & open, airy dining room which is great on a nice day. Great salsa. Mixed drinks are unique and taste good but a little weak. Food is pricey.  If you're looking for untraditional flavors this is the place to go. We ordered carne tacos, quesadilla and chicken salad. Carne was sweet, which was interesting. Chicken wasn't all that great - I would almost score this place a 4 but chicken ruined it.
4	I've been wanting to try this place... but it's hard when postino's is best door! It was just me and my kiddo (2) and we enjoyed lunch on the patio. Service was great, they seemed to work as a team, it did take my burrito a little longer than expected (carne asada & other deliciousness). I just got the kiddo a said of beans (they were different, topped with some sort of oil??), had I realized they were $4 I would have gone with the $5 kids meal but I didn't think he would eat it all (entree, side & drink - smoking kids meal deal!). I'll bring the husband and six year old next time and give a margarita a try!
4	visited with my cousin and the service was wonderful! We recommend the fresh fruit juices with the add of your choice of alcohol. Yum!  Everything was so fresh and good. The churros with caramel is the best. I'm happy heading home.
3	The fish taco was delish.  Carne asada was a bit dry.  I thought the cucumber fresca would be really refreshing but it tasted like a cleanse juice, which did not bring back good memories.  The horchata was way too sweet.  The environment was a cool 70's vibe.  All in all it was okay.
3	You can't go to a taco place and not try the tacos right!? My friend told me about this place and wanted to try it out. When you first sit down you get complementary chips and salsa. It was nothing special. It was a bit spicy for my taste. I ordered the carne asada tacos and the crispy fish taco. I wasn't too fond of the carne asada tacos. It was a bit dry and bland and I felt like it needed sauce or sour cream or something with it. The crispy fish tacos were really good though. Beer battered fish AND guacamole got me! lol. I washed everything down with the strawberry Agua Fresca. It was delicious! It has vodka, gin and rum in it. I'd like to try their "spiked" horchata next time I come. For dessert we ordered the churros con chocolate which was quite yummy. =)The customer service was really good. We were always taken care of and the staff is very knowledgeable of their menu. The only negative for me was there was no sign on the restaurant! I drove up and down the street for like 15 minutes and I couldn't find it. I had to call my friend to find out where it was. The only sign they have is on the door. Which is definitely not noticeable at night time. I know they are a new establishment but I felt like a huge sign should've been the first thing to take care of. I never would've found it at all. All in all, I really liked their drinks and will probably come back during happy hour to try the rest of their drink menu. =)
4	I tried this place with a friend while out to lunch today. The menu had many innovative dishes, they have taken your typical Mexican dish and spruced it up a bit. My friend ordered an enchilada plate that she raved about and I ordered a chicken taco and a cucumber and orange salad. I had never thought to combine those two but it was very refreshing. I will be going back.
4	We went there for a couple's date and sat at a lovely table on the patio. It faced Gilbert Road, adjacent to Postinos and it was very loud. However, the music slightly drowned out the street sounds. The service overall was ok. Our waitress came around to check on us periodically but I understood as it was a busy Friday evening.  We were first served chips and salsa.  You could tell the chips were made fresh and the salsa was good not great. I ordered the cucumber mint tequila drink. So refreshing, but paying $8 for this it was a little weak. My friend got the almond horchata with frangelico. It was good  not too sweet, but I felt it didn't have enough horchata flavour. For an appetizer, we ordered the queso dip. I'd give it a 3.5 out of 5. Now on to the tacos...we were all very confused by what they meant by "family style". All it means is they come on taco trays not in any sort of order. You get one taco $3 to 4. The best at our table was the shrimp, braised beef, chicken tinga and Baja. We also had two sides...black beans (So very good, probably cooked with ham as they were very rich) and rice (didn't finish it as it was dry and slightly bland). Our table agreed we would come back perhaps during their happy hour,  which is from open to 5 everyday, as the bill racked up quickly from everything being al la carte. At the end of the dinner, we had a chance to meet the manager and he was delighted to know we found it because of yelp. So next time I have my eyes set on one of their tamales. Yum! We will see how that goes...
5	Awesome food and friendly staff.  We had the crispy fish tacos and  sweet  corn.  Could not have been better.  We will be back for happy hour.  Great atmosphere.
2	Great food! But not worth the HORRIBLE SERVICE! Took about 15 mins for drinks that included a dr pepper. The server said the bartender is working hard... On my dr pepper?? Asked for more chips and salsa 3 times. Never got them. Food came out fast though. Will not go back.
5	Had the pleasure is dining at Joyride. We decided to take a bike ride into town for dinner. Love the open air restaurant. We chose 3 different types of tacos. The standard, the beef and the shrimp. The shrimp was my favorite the other were delicious. For desert we had the el Domingo. A unique dessert!! It was great. To top off our evening when we got to out bikes there was a coupon thanking us for riding in and we now can go back for 3 free tacos. What a great perk!! It was worth the 6 miles we rode and the extra perk made our night even better.
5	First of all I hate comments from people who have no clue about the restaurant business. Don't go out to eat if you are in a hurry.Sitting and the ambiance is great. Large place with a ton of seating. I am not eating here but I'm drinking here. The cucumber Serrano is great. My wife is drinking agua fresca with vodka and its great. I will update the post when I eat here.
2	I expected to have a better experience. I ordered an Almond Orchata, there was no almonds in my orchata, there were pecans that's to start the second con is that it was loaded in cinnamon and I mean loaded, I love cinnamon but this was exagerated amount in my drink, it was hard to drink it. I ordered the chipotle chicken tamales, hmmm they weren't seasoned as I would expect, actually I did not find the chipotle in my chicken and the third comment is that we ordered the hot habanero salsa and it was not hot at all :( . The service was a little slow but I understand it was a crowded friday night, if the waitress would be a little more friendly I wouldn't mind that detail.The place is nice to go out, the food not so good to my mexican palate, the drinks I would give them a second chance, perhaps.
5	Whether it is a burrito, taco or nachos everything served at Joyride is delicious and is made with the highest quality ingredients. Did I mention it is at an affordable price as well? It's been a 5 star experience all three times I've been here.
4	Went to Joyride again tonight. Had the chicken burrito. ***AMAZING** That is one fine burrito. My wife and I each ordered a margarita. OOPS!!! Delicious, YES, but small and $9.00 each. NOT WORTH IT AT ALL!!!!! I will not order that again. WOW!~!! This is a 4.75 - 5.00 drink and it is really good but MASSIVE OVERPRICE. The service was excellent again. Definitely go to this place but, watch those drink prices. WHEW!!!!
5	After reading all of the mixed reviews, my wife and I were a bit nervous to try what appeared to be an overly hipster Mexican joint.  It's an understatement to say we were blown away!  Our server Justin was super friendly and provided stellar service. We started with the Shrimp Ceviche which had just the right amount of acidity and copious amounts of fresh plump shrimp.For our entrees, we shared three tacos: a fried fish, a grilled shrimp, and a cochinata pibil. All were absolutely delicious, but the standouts in my opinion were the shrimp and fish, especially the fresh guacamole which added just the right amount of freshness to the fried fish.  We also split the Enselada Fila which was fresh, crispy, light, and vibrant!  Although slightly overpriced, Joyride Taco House is well worth it with its fresh ingredients and friendly service.  Lesson well learned: never judge a hipster book by its cover.
4	very cool environment, great staff who have earned their chops at postinos and Windsor downtown (great to see familiar faces).  have been here several times with friends and each time very nice.  i had tamales and they were tasty but a little dry, asked for some enchilada sauce - excellent.  good food, house salsa is super tasty, margs are excellent.
4	This shop is in the same building as postinos but on the other side.  It took me a little whille to find it, but the shop itself is very cute.  The interior looks like a scrapbook with bright patterns on the walls. As for the food, each table is served up a dish of awesome salsa and chips as they are seated.  The tacos are about 4 dollars each.  Today I tried the Ahi tuna and the grilled fish.  Both had good flavors and were very unique, however, the Ahi was a little sweet and the grilled fish lacked a bit of a kick.  My friend said taco with cotija was also very good, and I plan to try it the next time a go. Two tacos was a bit small, so I'd recommend ordering a bit more, unless you plan on getting dessert (which I did of course).  For dessert, I was craving chocolate, so I ordered the churros con chocolate.  For $6 I would say that the dessert was unimpressive.  The churros were coated in cinnamon and sugar, which really overpower the chocolate (which was also too thick and not heated enough to be a smooth dip).
4	Went there for lunch on Sunday. Sat at the bar and received chips and salsa immediately. The salsa was really good, spicy the way I like it. I ordered 1 chicken taco, 1 carne asada and 1 grilled fish taco. My friend ordered the shrimp tacos. We received tacos, like taco bell fast, I was impressed. All 3 of my tacos tasted good. But as previous reviews mentioned, the carne asada is a little dry not sure why. My friends shrimp tacos looked awesome. I wish I would've ordered one. He said they were good and he would order them again. The staff was really friendly and the restaurant has a great vibe and feel. I love the patios. I will be back.
4	I've been here a few times. Food, drinks & atmosphere are great. Stopped in this evening and service was so-so at best. There were a few dudes behind the bar  (as well as plenty of other staff throughout the restaurant) & it still took a while to get noticed. Once we had menus, ordering a pitcher of beer was painful. After we got the beer, it took nearly 10 minutes for someone to come take our order. Food was delivered promptly - and it was delicious, as always - but no one stopped by to see if we needed/wanted anything else or to ask how things were for quite a while. We ended up ordering a 2nd pitcher & didn't hear a peep from staff until the people around us had left. I did notice that the couples on either side of us at the bar received plenty of attention...lots of chit chat until they paid their tab & were out the door. I guess they could have been regulars, but the treatment we received would make it impossible to bring in any new "regulars". Anyway, I haven't given up on this place entirely... Hope next time is better with regard to service. XOXO
1	Awful service, hit and miss food.  It was a revolving door on the wait staff.  Our waitress showed her face to take our order then everyone else had to pick up the slack.  I had to flag down bus staff for drink refills.  The good taco was the braised beef and the rest was okay.  Really the service is what blew it.  Walked up to the manager to have him tab me out after waiting 10 min with a cleared table.  Then he forgot to return my card.  Not going back.
4	Finally was able to go to Joyride on a lunch date and give it a try.  After many good recommendations and reviews, I would have to say this place met and exceeded expectations.The chips and salsa were phenomenal.  The chips were fresh and crispy, but didn't taste like the other paper thin generic chips served at other chain establishments.  The salsa was also very fresh and flavorful, and had a great kick to it.  It was a little spicy for my wife though, which is not necessarily a good thing.I ordered a quesadilla and my wife ordered a few tacos and we split the meals.  We only finished about half the quesadilla and had half a taco left after we were both stuffed.  The food was great!  Great flavors and awesome presentation.  I wasn't surprised at food or service based on reviews and will be returning here to enjoy another lunch or dinner soon.  The staff was very friendly and the service was excellent.  It looked like a replica staff of the one at Postino.  I'm not sure when Gilbert suffered a hipster movement, but apparently this historic Downtown Gilbert area is attractive to the new age hippy as a place of employment.  Regardless, the staff was pretty good and service was above average. Joyride would be a great Saturday afternoon spot to have a couple of drinks and some tacos and I would highly recommend this place.
5	Great atmosphere, cool design and layout digging the hipster look. The chips and salsa where awesome, salsa had a nice kick and the chips weren't those cheap chips. The highlight of the night was the awesome battered fish taco and shrimp taco and Im not a big fan of seafood, job well done, great flavor with an awesome corn tortilla, also, the carne asada taco was incredibly cooked but i could do without the sweet tasting salsa, however thats just my opinion. Definitely coming back here!
5	The food is very fresh and the taste was wonderful.  service was also great!  Highly recommend!
5	Chicken Tinga & Braised Beef Tacos were awesome,,hands down!Salsa (charred habanero) was hot but delicious!  If you can't handle the heat, get the pico gringo. Staff was attentive.A little pricey but worth the extra $.  Doesn't pay to waste your money for lower priced mexican food.Architecturally, their building is very modern and unique and clean.Would go again and again.
4	Really Cool Spot! A bit of a weight on a Friday night, but it cool that you can have drinks & apps on the patio. Drinks were good and strong. Chips and Salas really good too. Tacos are street style so small in size, large in flavor. If you r hungry, ap and maybe 3 tacos would be perfect.
5	This is my all time favorite taco shop! They have an excellent chicken spicy taco thing (chicken tinga) that is fantastic and always leaves me wanting to come back!!! Not to mention their chips and salsa are delicious! The atmosphere is so nice and all the employees are great, I love how they work in a team environment! Seriously, you have to come by and eat some tacos (or nachos) as soon as you can! And by the way.... You can't beat their prices!
2	I was super excited to try this place.  My dear friend and his girlfriend love this place, but my experience wasn't that great.  First of all, this place is in old town Gilbert and the location is poppin... They don't take reservations and we had about 45 minute wait.  The hostess was super friendly and typed my number and name into her ipad for a text message reminder of when my table was ready.  After waiting for only about 20 minutes, we were seated.  We had had 2 bowls of chips for a table of six waiting for us when we got to the table.  Our waiter came to the table and got our drink order, however forgot to write down one of the drink orders and we had to remind him of that drink twice before it came out.  Once our waiter took our drink order it took him about 15 minutes to get back to us with our drinks.  Then another 15 minutes went by before he took our dinner order.  Our dinner order took awhile to get made and when the food came out, our tacos were cold.  The tacos are served "family style", which means they are all on the same taco holder and if you're allergic to fish or shrimp, sorry your carne asada taco will be served right next to the fish taco.  All of the meat tacos lacked flavor, I would recommend trying the fish taco.  It had the best flavor out of all the options we ordered.  The waiter forgot to write down a few things that we ordered and those things never came out with our food.  We decided not to remind him about those missing sides as he would visit our table once every 15 minutes.I don't think I will be back here again.  There are other taco restaurants that I perfer over this place.
4	Yummy tacos & spiked Aguas Fresca! It stays open til midnight on weekends which is very convenient since nearly all of Gilbert is usually closed by 10pm. I am a huge fan of all of Upward Projects restaurants and the area of DT Gilbert so this is a plus in my book! :)
4	Tried this place tonight with my boo and  I am definitely a fan. He loved his carne asada burrito and my enchiladas were super tasty. They are a little different than the traditional saucy enchilada, but good flavor.  The rice was very good and the mexican slaw had pumpkin seeds in it, which added a nice crunch! The main thing that would keep us going back was the amazing service. Our server was Kimberly and she took care of us from start to finish. It is refreshing to go out and actually get great service.
3	Had been wanting to try this place since it is so close to me. There always seems to be a pretty good crowd there. Went for dinner on 12/7/13. Service was good and the waitress was informative when we had questions because there are a few funky items on the menu. We asked if we could get the vegetable enchiladas without mushroom and the waitress said no because they are all pre made? Food was ok, everything is a la carte so it gets pretty pricey. Not sure I'll be back unless it's just for drinks, just not for me.
4	I am very picky when it comes to mexican food or any kind of latin food. I am of Mexican italian decent and my wife is from central america so we know what is good. I was kind of skeptical about this joint due to the name and location. Gave it a chance and WOW I was impressed with the quality of the tacos and other food they had. Very tasty food and is done with pride...I would say it is a little pricy but if your having drinks and a night out its the perfect food to have with a beer,,
3	OK if there was a 3 1/2 stars that is what I would have given it.  Love the decor and rocking 80's music.  Service was very good.  Great deal on pitchers of beer.  Chips and house salsa are very good as well.  Now the OK stuff.  Tacos were pretty good.  I had the chicken tinga.  It was suppose to have "magic white sauce" but mine apparently didn't have it.  On a side note, maybe that is a good thing since Joyride Taco House seems like a name for a porno shop.  Chicken tinga was a little bland, likely better with the magic sauce.  Carne asada taco was good.  I personally thought it was a bit pricey for what you got.  Bottom line is that I  would return to drink beer and have chips and salsa especially since we found out the one patio is dog friendly.  I would say give it a try.  Never know you may get the magic white sauce.  ;)
4	We keep coming back! Can't get enough of this place yet...
4	Place looks awesome, has great music and great waiters. Menu is a little pricey. I got the Baja fish taco and cochinita pibil taco and they were both amazing! But small.
5	Love this place, gave them 4 stars when they opened, bumping them up to 5 now.. The aqua frescas are not the best (kinda watery) but the tacos are LEGIT!!! so good, yum!!
5	Went today for an early lunch. We enjoyed ourselves and enjoyed almost all of our food. The reason I gave them five stars is because when one of the servers picked up our dishes she noticed we hadn't eaten the soup. She asked if we enjoyed the chicken tortilla soup and I told her it was too chili based which I am not a fan of. What I didn't expect was for them to remove it from our check. That was a big suprise and unexpected. Great customer service, so lets take a step back and talk about the food. We ordered their lunch special which allowed us to order two tacos each and either soup or a half of their salads (3 interesting ones to choose from). I ordered the baja fish and the ahi tuni with a half salad. My husband ordered the standard chicken and the braised beef taco with the chicken tortilla soup at $9.95. As we waited we enjoyed their homemade chips and salsa that had a little kick (yummy). I also ordered a yummy virgin aqua fresca (pineapple). The only disappointment was no free refills on the aqua fresca (but it was to be expected as they will also make them with alcohol). The salad had papaya in it and was a bit overdressed but thank goodness for a light tasting vinagrette. Overall, we will defintely be back. We also left feeling it was the right proportion of food. Joyride is on the other side of Postino's and also to the left of Oregano's. so many places to choose from in Gilbert but when in the mood for tacos I definitely recoomend Joyride.
4	This restaurant, like the ones next to it (Postino, Liberty Market, etc.), is super hip. The decor is very bright and California beach house-y. I came here with a few friends, and we had a great time. Free chips and salsa, and we got two refills while we were there. We also ordered some chicken quesadillas to share. The waiter brought us carne by mistake, but we started eating it anyway, figuring it wasn't a big deal. Then he came by with the chicken, apologizing and saying it was on the house, which was pretty awesome. The two orders of quesadillas plus the seemingly endless chips and salsa left me feeling pretty full, but I still managed to eat the two tacos I ordered. One friend ordered a burrito and another ordered the enchiladas. We all thought the food was good, and priced decently for the atmosphere you get.
5	I came across Joyride about a month ago and had it bookmarked with intentions to try very,very soon. Then i saw it in the New Time, "Best of 2013" and made it mandatory to get out here pronto! I was sucked in light a moth to a light as soon as we sat down. The atmosphere is so inviting and comfortable..like hanging out in a friends cool backyard.Started off with a cup or tortilla soup and Cheese y mas ( warm melted cheesy goodness), both of which were spot on.Me and my lover boy shared the fried fish taco & braised beef taco and he went all in for The Beast burrito and i went for the cochinita pibil torta. Let me tell you something, Im not usually a totra kinda girl but I switched it up yesterday & Im glad i did because the damn torta rocked my taste buds. We both had leftovers but devoured the rest as a late night snack. Oh yeah, please do try the daily freshly made aguas frescas. Recommendation: Cucumber Mint spiked with tequila. ( Hey, i felt somewhat healthy while drinking it)
5	They have amazing vegetarian Mexican food. I would call it Mexican nouveau rather than authentic Mexican. Way more interesting than the beans/rice/cheese places you typically find in the Phoenix area. We sat at the bar and the bartenders were very receptive to suggestions and imaginative with the drinks.
3	We tried it, liked it but probably won't return. I found the margaritas sour, the blood orange one too sweet, the chips too thin, the experience fair. Loved the outdoor space and the service was excellent... thus the three stars.
4	The food here is great- the crispy fish tacos are awesome, as are all the other tacos we've tried. The meat is the farthest thing from dry and is super flavorful. The churros dessert is insanely delicious too!Side note- if you're not a cilantro fan (I'm not) just know that it's mixed in their pico and they can't really remove it. I had asked for no cilantro on my fish tacos and the bartender didn't know they couldn't remove it and I ended up having to scrape the pico off of the top, leaving me with a tortilla and a piece of fish (not really worth the $4.25 price tag!) the customer service was great though, the bartender was incredibly sincere and offered us a free dessert to make up for it. Would definitely come here again besides the cilantro aspect- we saw a table by us get some Mexican corn that looked super delicious!
2	Just a mediocre experience.My friends and I had a reservation for 8 at 7pm.  We were seated immediately upon arrival on a busy Friday night in the patio area.  Our waiter was nice and made good suggestions.  The food is just okay; nothing to brag about.  The tacos are very expensive for what they give you (average price is $4 for a SINGLE small street style taco a la carte).  The tacos come out on a rack family-style.  So while in the dark environment of the patio and main dining area, you pay $4 for a tiny taco and have to search all over the table to find your taco (RIDICULOUS- the waiter tells you all the tacos on the rack and then you go racing to find yours).  The drinks are average for their prices.After dining, my friends and I were chatting at the table and catching up (pretty normal post dining activity).  About 8:30pm, a hostess asked us to leave our table as they had to accommodate a reservation at 8:45pm.  WOW....I don't think I have EVER been asked to leave a restaurant.  She hostess did ask in a nice manner and handed out coupons for free tacos as to make up for asking us to leave. We ended moving our party to the outside of the restaurant to continue chatting.  By 9:30PM, no party had ever been seated at our table!   I will never return to this restaurant.  Paying over $40 for 2 tacos and 2 drinks and being rudely asked to leave my table is just not worth it.
4	Location right in downtown Gilbert is great.  Layout with indoor/outdoor patio is great.  Stick with the taco's.  Nachos are SOGGY (i've had them twice...because i was hoping the first time was a mistake.)  I would encourage Joyride to review the "recipe" on the nachos and come up with a way to keep the chips crisp.  Hours are great as it is one of the only spots open late in Gilbert.
4	So honey and I wanted a lunch out one fine Sunday afternoon.. so, with our baby in tow, we hit this joint up.  Not busy, so we got seated promptly.. outdoor in their patio area with the great weather.Our server guy was great - very friendly, talkative, prompt and gave good recommendations.  I had the spiked Horchata (with Frangelico) and hubby had on-tap beer.His three tacos came out and, unfortunately, I didnt' get a chance to taste them but he appeared to enjoy them as I didn't hear a word otherwise.  My dish, the cochinito pibil torta was SOOO GOOD... that pineapple slaw was a perfect accompaniment and they *perfectly* buttered and toasted the soft, yummy torta the way I would!I thoroughly enjoyed that torta and really really liked the horchata.. grainy the way real home-made horchata is.I'd definitely come back, though not that regularly as it is a bit pricey for regular eating out for me.
4	I really love the experience at Joyride! The atmosphere is very fun, the decor is colorful and trendy, and there is a lot of patio seating! I'm a huge fan of their drinks, especially those on the $5 happy hour menu, and their tacos are pretty delicious too!
4	Margaritas are fresh and tasty. No mix or fakery going on here. I had the grilled fish tacos and I was put off by the strong fishy smell when I took the first few bites. The house made tortilla and condiments made it edible. My dinning buddy had the ahi taco and he was quite pleased - being the ahi taco snob that he is.Counted three curly waxed mustaches so the hipster factor is very high here. They're quite friendly, attentive and even entertaining when they're signing along to Journey. Will be back to try the chimichanga and burritos.
4	Great atmosphere. Drinks are refreshing.  My wife loves their pineapple mojitos and the mazatlan mules are tasty. The tacos are pricy (about $4) for a tiny taco but they are good. The crispy fish taco is the best fish taco I've had in az. I also had the braised beef tacos which were good as well. Definitely worth going back
4	Wowzers! This place's food is Rock&Roll in your mouth. Great service and great ambiance. The food is obviously prepared with fresh ingredients and you can tell. The meats they use in their tacos are slow cooked to perfection with love. Small portions on the street tacos and higher then expected price point but satisfied nonetheless. My only mark down comes from when we requested some cucumber slices instead of chips for the salsa. The cucumbers they delivered had mold on them. They were very apologetic; however, it should have been noticed (appeared the cucumbers came from the bar not the kitchen). Not to take anything away from their chips as they were really good and salsa outstanding.
2	Wow... Just had the worst experience EVER at an Upward project establishment... We were seated promptly and the hostess was very inviting. Here's where we went wrong (apparently), the bartenders started off attentive, but that was short lived. Once our food arrive not once did either of them check on us. The busser/or server did, not the bartenders. They were so wrapped up in cleaning/side work  we didn't get to order our second round of drinks, ask for more guacamole or even get our check in a timely fashion. We actually waited 20 mins to ask some one if we could pay. Then another 10 mins for them to actually bring us the correct tab. I've been here numerous times! Truly disappointed....On a good note, the food is always good.We left and went next door to postinos to finish our meal. Had a great experience there....
3	Well any place in PHX that serves mojitos wins points with me.  We ordered a range of tacos and they were ok..nothing spectacular.  We actually liked the appetizers better.   The ahi stack was my favorite part of the meal..if I go back I'll probably just get that an a salad.
4	Love that Gilbert AZ is coming up in the world. When I moved to Chandler, 6 years ago, finding a decent local restaurant was a pipe dream! Now we have Postino and Joyride. God bless Craig DeMarco and Lauren Bailey for bringing us these restaurants. Love the hipster atmosphere, margaritas, fresh agua frescos, crispy fish taco, THE FILA SALAD, and don't event get me started on the churros. Btw, if you ask, they will bring you fresh caramel for the churros and you will pretty much think of nothing else for the next 3 days.
3	The first few times we came here we were SO impressed and we were really looking forward to our last visit here. However, we were surprised with our extremely disappointing experience. The first problem started when we ordered our drinks, one didn't come, the others took forever to get, and one of the drinks (the mule) was overly sweet and gross. This was sad as we loved the drinks here prior to this visit.The second problem we encountered were menu items we loved and came back for taken off the menu. No more delicious scallop tacos and no more roast chicken. Instead, we decided to try some new things and order the crispy fish taco we loved before. The fish taco came and it was fishy. Once again it took forever to get our food and some of it came out incorrectly. Of the things we tried we had the sidewalk dish which was just meh. The final problem is one I am just assuming to be the case. I think they may have taken the amazing chef that opened Joyride and moved him to the Phoenix location, but who knows. Not sure if we will be going back which is sad considering how much we loved this place when it first opened.
2	I like this type of place exists in east valley suburbia.  But I wasn't impressed, especially being an Upward concept.  This was my first time visiting.  Food was good, overpriced for the demographic  and offerings in my option, but a nice selection of options no less.  The service on the other hand, terrible.  We had to continually ask for drinks until we took matters into our own hands and went to the bar directly.  This shouldn't be the case when your seated in the dining area.  Waiter didn't follow up when the food arrived, and a side of salsa that was requested when the order went in, took asking 4 times!  I will drive the extra mile to visit other Upward concepts, but wouldn't patron this place again based on the service experience, or really, lack there of.
5	Great food! Wasn't really feeling Mexican food but the restaurant next door had an hour wait and we were hungry. Since we have had Mexican a lot lately I choose the Beet salad which was amazing! Very fresh and yummy! The guacamole was fresh and de lish! Street corn to die for! I had a bite of the  ahi fish tacos and LOVED it! The staff was friendly and accommodating! GM even stopped by our table to say Hi! Water never empty. Great place and we will return!
2	Having been favorably impressed by other of the Upward restaurants, I looked forward to my first visit to this new addition in north central Phoenix. I was not much impresssed.  The service was more aggressive than attentive without really being service-oriented.  Servers and bussers were quick to remove drink glasses, for instance, but not to inquire if we wanted another drink.  When the food arrived, our order was incorrect.  The salad we had ordered was replaced by a side of rice, and it took an inordinate amount of time to correct this. Companion and I were halfway through our entrees when the correct salad finally arrived.  I really like Mexican food,  but I was not impressed with the selections we ordered. The oranges in the orange and cucumber salad tasted canned.  The tacos were small and bland.  The chicken burrito was barely warm, tasted like boiled chicken in mayonnaise sauce.  I got the impression of Mexican food for people who do not like Mexican food.  We will give it another chance, maybe just for drinks after work, but not for the food.
2	Been wanting to try Joyride Taco for a while now so took the opportunity to have lunch there.  Bottom line, definitely go for drinks if you're in the area but skip the food.Joyride and all the other restaurants in downtown Gilbert aren't easy to get to.  Traffic in the area is congested and parking is hard to find... unless you park a block west of everything and the walk from that parking lot is full of dirt/mud/holes/barriers to hurdle.The place was about 1/4 full at 1pm on a weekday.  Service was great except for the person who dealt with us most - our waitress.  We waited ten minutes before our drink order was taken, water was never refilled and she left our bill when we weren't even done ordering.  Much of our service was done by other people, though, and they were better than great and phenomenally professional (except for their hiring ability, apparently).They brought free chips and salsa, and the salsa was really good.  I'm still not sure about the chips because they seemed house made but were thick like store bought.  The drinks were downright amazing, great beer selection the the cocktails were perfectly balanced and just this side of too strong.  Yes.  I thought the liquor prices were very good for the quality.My biggest memory of Joyride was the food, which was so boring.  Everything lacked flavor.  The pork tacos were juicy but had no flavor even with a squeeze of lime, and their tortillas were too soft and just fell apart upon pick-up.  They desperately needed something like cotija or a flavorful crema...salt, even.  The pinto beans were a joke.  No flavor again - they actually tasted just like the Ranch Style Beans my mom used to serve from the black can.  I saw some green flecks that looked like jalapeno but the taste was not there.  This bland food might pass in Chicago but not here.  blecch
3	Went on a Saturday for an early dinner.  Service was great, waitress was friendly, we were seated right away.  We also moved tables because our location was too loud for me and they had no problem with that. Living in Phoenix, I feel like we have lots of great food options here and I would say that their food was a bit pricey and tasted good.  Not great, not awesome, just good and that is fine.  The chips and salsa were great (probably best part).  We also ordered the fish taco (husband said that was good) and the carne asada burrito (that was ok).  Also got the vanilla custard pudding for dessert (very interesting, not my fave).  So, I guess I was expecting awesome since lots of people have eaten there and suggested it to us, but I thought it was average.  I do love the ambiance, though and the outdoor seating area is great.
5	Opening night! Great food! Great service! Great drinks! Billy and the staff are first rate. All in all, could not be more pleased! Michelle was a great waitress, as well!  Great stmosphere, as well.
3	Fun atmosphere. Yummy thin chips with salsa. Agua frescas con booze por favor. Would go again with friends.
5	If you're looking for a great happy hour and great food I would recommend joyride! On to too it off the service is amazing! I will defiantly be coming back here!
5	I am biased.  I love this place.  I love the atmosphere and the service.  The wait staff is great.  My glass in never empty and the chips keep coming.  It is priced a little high...but well worth it to me.  The quality of the food is great and the Carne Asada is a favorite.The El Capitan Torta is amazing.  I can eat about 6 of them without blinking.That's why I'm fat.
4	Great ambience, good food, fun place to hang with friends.
4	Went in January for my birthday lunch.Loved the laid back vibe, especially compared to Postino next door. Skinny margaritas was fantastic!!! Got a taco combo and split with the hubby crispy fish, baja fish and the standard side of black beans and a carnita taco. Would skip the crispy fish next time, beans were ok. Others were above average but the soft corn tortillas get messy fast so eat quickly. Another upward project success story.
5	Outstanding food and customer service. If you haven't tried this place, then you must. I love the vintage atmosphere. They have beautiful seating outside too.
5	Great spot to hang out with friends and catch up on a Saturday night. The aguas frescas (with and without alcohol) were delicious, also making it a great place for drinkers and not drinkers alike. We followed the suggested mixings (ie gin and citrus agua fresca), and they were dead on.The band was fun and loud but not too loud. We had the ahi stack, which tasted very fresh. And the chips were perfect. Would love to go back. Seemed much more chill and fun than the place (postinos) next door.
4	I really liked it here.  Nice atmosphere, friendly waiters, cute decor, The Clash playing on the loud speakers (a wee bit too loud for my liking), and best of all - prompt chips and salsa delivery (for those of us who are famished and just don't like to wait).  Indoor and outdoor seating - with the choice of 2 patios.Chips were good - not burnt or too thick, house salsa was nice with a little smokey flavor and not too spicy for those who are spice-challenged.  I ordered a cucumber mint agua fresca which was really light and refreshing.  Also got the nachos with a little added corn.  The server was right when he told me, "it's like a meal."  Totally filled me up and I definitely had a lot left over.  Will definitely be back to try different agua fresca flavors and their veggie tacos!
4	Finally tried this place today and was not disappointed! Sunday afternoon, nice weather and they were packed! Ordered a shrimp and a fish taco and they were very good, fresh ingredients and they were just the right size. Salsa is very good, but if you want more spice ask for the habanero version. My only complaint is that they don't have full sized pitchers of beer...small ones at about 2.5 pints each. However, that being said it was happy hour (we were there about 1pm) and they were only $5 so all is forgiven. I like that you can sit outside and the back outside patio has a large grass area so if you bring your kids they can lounge around and not bother anyone as it is not right next to any tables. Will for sure go again!!
4	where do I start...came here due to a recommendation from a co-worker who's local. The place is great, whether you are coming here on a date, with friends, or in my case, alone (because you're on a work trip and others are too lame to drive more than a block for dinner). It's such a cute place and open setting so very welcoming. In doors or outdoors, no matter where you sit, you'll love it.Sat at the bar and at the recommendation of the bartender, had one of their agua frescas (citrus) with tequila which was very refreshing and delicious. Ordered 3 tacos (braised beef, fried fish and chicken tinga) which comes w a choice of a side. No other comment except FKN DELICIOUS (the tacos that is)! I then ordered a spicy cucumber drink which was pretty fantastic. I love that their drinks are refreshing and not heavy just because their alcoholic. Only disappointment was the rice which didn't seem to be cooked enough but not a big enough deal that would keep me from coming back to this place! I WILL BE BACK!!!
4	I was actually trying to go to postinos- my AZ friends won't stop talking about it. I accidentally walked into joyride instead, So glad i did!!! Everything I had was insanely good. I love the funk decor, great music, very friendly (and good looking) staff. Service was quick! There's outdoor and indoor seating- it's comfortable and aesthetically pleasing. The food was yum. Yum YUM!! I had 3 tacos- braised beef, Tinga, and pork. First off all it's awesome that they even have Tinga on their menu. But the fact that it was good?! I'm grateful for being so tired after work to make this restaurant mistake. Oh!!! They serve aguas frescas too- they're take on them anyway. I had a cucumber one and I wish I had that recipe. I only wish I lived locally so I can return over abc over again.
5	The guacamole is fantastic.  My wife and I can ride our bikes there.  Occasionally they have a special that if you ride your bike you get free tacos on your next vist.
5	Love it! I can't say one negative thing about this place. Delicious food, great menu selection, fantastic service, nice ambience, good prices and yummy Aguas frescas. I recommend the strawberry with vodka! You won't be disappointed. I could eat here every week and not get tired of it.
5	Add amazingly fresh food plus an awesome atmosphere and you get Joyride Taco House. This place is SO SO GOOD! From their salsa, to their tacos, to their drinks. I would highly recommend it to anyone.
2	cool vibe, ok service, ok food, WAY overpriced for what you get.
4	Starting off with the chips and salsa, I loved both. The atmosphere is cool as others have mentioned. I found zero problem with the service. It was attentive and sufficient. The drinks are the best thing. I had the Mexican Mule. I liked my tacos.  I had a short rib and the pork (called something else to be hip). 2 were enough but they were a bit overpriced for the size. The place is an overall great addition to Gilbert.UPDATE: From this 1st visit I had some coupons for more tacos and a drink - all FREE. I went back expecting for there to be an up-sell and OK with it.  My friend and I ordered our drinks with alcohol, which should have been extra, I think. At the end, my friend and I asked for the bill but we were told the coupons had taken care of everything. We walked out paying NOTHING (except we left a generous tip for the waitress, of course). What a great way to do business! I'll be back to spend real money. No question.
5	I'm from Philly, so pretty much any mexican food from the south would have received at least a 4 star review but this place was over the top! After searching on Yelp for an hour I came across some photos of the interior which ended up making my decision for me. I absolutely love the vibe. It's upbeat, unique, trendy and a LOT of fun. I ordered a bunch of their signature drinks but I have to say that the cucumber one was the most refreshing. The guac was also killer, they mortar and pestle right before delivering to your table ensuring unbelievable freshness. We also ordered the beast burrito and an assortment of tacos. The crispy fish was by far the best taco. I thought I was going to love the Ahi but it was a little dry, skip it if you can. I didn't even get to the beast until the next morning but holy cow it was awesome. If you go to this restaurant you need to order the carne asada. Read the rest of the yelp reviews and you'll see what I'm talking about. Even if the food and drinks were terrible I would still give this place 4 stars based on the staff alone. Get thee people.
4	Holy cow!  I had the veggie chimichanga..... it was incredible.  The rest of the group I went with orders a variety of tacos.  Every single thing I tried was really good.  The service was a little on the slow side, but that is probably because the place was packed.
4	Took my Daughter-in-law out for lunch, we both had passed this place and were curious about it. Stopped in. Will for sure go back. Food was great, we tried a few different tacos. We were unable to try and fru-fru drinks as we had an appointment to go to after, but saw quite a few come out of the bar.  We sat outside, a very nice patio behind the building, helps you not hear the street traffic. They have a section w/ real grass, we saw a few customers w/ dogs show up. that was ok as the dogs were kept on leashes. We ordered 2 tacos each to start. received the chips and salsa... and couldn't stop eating them!! we finished the basket before our tacos came, and they brought another one. we ate them too. Our tacos arrived. based on the price, I felt they were a bit small, but they were very good. Fresh ingredients, that's for sure.We both ordered two more tacos (and more chips and salsa) and enjoyed them.Our server was friendly, a bit busy as it seemed he may have been the only one and the place was packed. But not a problem, it was a nice relaxing time. However, as we sat outside and the sun moved, we went from in the shade to in the full sun. they need a few more umbrellas, as the 3 they had were being used by those on the grass. speaking of those on the grass, a group of about 10 showed up and sat in the lawn chairs on the grass, enjoying each others company and a few drinks. Nice idea!  Didn't go inside, so can't review on that. For sure we will go back. When we stood up to leave, the manager came over and asked us how it was. We told him great, as it was, and that we wish we had ordered 3 tacos to start off instead of 2. he suggested that if we like a certain type of taco, and are very hungry, order the burrito, it's much larger, and costs less than 3 tacos. will try that next time.
5	Wife said she wanted to try Gilbert's Joyride Taco House. "Taco House," I said? "Meh." But holy moly was I wrong. This place is fantastic. We had the chicken and carnita nachos, carne asada tacos, roasted veggies, and finished off the meal with a Mo's Definitely dessert. Everything was delicious and so unique from the other Mexican taco shops in town. Very relaxed place to dine and the service was excellent. We sat outdoors on the patio and they did not try to get us to move along but let us take as much time as we wanted to enjoy the evening. Taylor was our waitress and was so pleasant and helpful that we wanted to adopt her. Anyhow, we will be back for more tacos and are eager to try the other menu temptations. Our only regret is it took us so long to finally stop in and try the place.
4	Fun vibe and great staff. We came for happy hour and sat at a booth in their indoor/outdoor dining room. Free chips and salsa all night long. Drinks ranged from good to great. Love the $5 mini-pitchers. I forgot how much I like the San Tan Epicenter, which I used to order from Postino next door.  Some of the cocktails were a little sweet for my liking but they offered good pours. The aguas frescas tasted good too but I had to ask for some extra kick from the not-as-strong liqueurs. Can't say anything about food other than it seemed overpriced. Irrelevant side note: I really enjoyed the wheel knobs on the bathroom sinks.
4	Again another great meal. The staff is fun the food is great and we were 15 and they did a great job with us all
5	Pleasantly surprised by...everything. Short wait for a table of 6, drinks while we waited. I was impressed by the salsa, I think it had jicama(?) as did the guacamole. Tried 2 different agua frescas (cucumber mint with gin & horchata with amaretto) both delicious & $5 on happy hour. The taco combo (3 tacos + 1 side) is a lot of food. Tried the shrimp, carne asada, and some chicken one...the shrimp was my favorite. I was very pleased by how clean and decorative the inside is, the staff is friendly, and of course delicious food. Will definitely come back. I'm craving a Mexican mule now...
4	You can get drinks on the lawn while you wait for your table at this family friendly location.  If you ask really nicely they might serve you appetizers there too if you just want a snack and some drinks.  The wait gets to be pretty long on Fridays and Saturdays, so you want to make a reservation if possible.  We had done happy hour before coming here so we ended up not being hungry enough to get any food - I'll have to try that next time.  I love the color scheme here - bright and happy.  Casual to casual-dressy - perfect for jeans and a cute top or a sun dress.  A bit hipster too.Our drinks were good - I don't remember the name of the one I had but it had lots of cucumber and was delicious!
4	Nice bar, good music, great tacos! Salsa with chips was good. Happy hr price of pitcher was great- dos Equis- was cold and mug was ice cold. I had the 3 fish taco selection of Baja grilled fish, ahi tuna, and crispy fish. They were all excellent - grilled probably the best. Orange cucumber salad ordered with tacos was a nice cool off to the spicy salsa. Total bill was $19 and well worth it. Very nice and upbeat atmosphere - but wondering about the open air design when summer rolls around in Gilbert with the cow dairies close by.... You know, flies may be a problem -but I guess they can always shut the windows. Nice addition to downtown Gilbert! I will definitely return to joyride!
4	Tried Joyride for a late night taco dinner. The atmosphere was very hip and trendy, fun and inviting. We almost felt like we were back in San Diego! The wait was a bit long but we found out it was worth the wait. The staff was very friendly as well. They have delicious chips and salsa, we couldn't stop eating them! My boyfriend ordered three of the beer battered fish tacos and I ordered three tacos as well, beer battered fish, Carnitas, and chicken. For our side dishes my boyfriend had black beans and I had the orange and cucumber salad. I thought the Carnitas and fish tacos were fantastic although I didn't care for the chicken. My boyfriend said the black beans were fine and my salad was okay. I put a little salt and pepper on it to make it less bland, maybe more than two mini oranges? We did feel the prices were a little high for tacos. However, because the tacos and chips and salsa were so tasty we would absolutely recommend this place, we'll definitely be back!
2	We stopped in after having lunch at Postino (next door) for a margarita. We have heard plenty from friends and our waitress and had to check it out. We walked in, ran into a couple friends and joined a table on the patio. We were then greated by the hostess, who "greeted" us with a "so you guys just seat yourself then? I guess I will get you some menus". She then came back warning us that "next time you would be in big trouble for this". Safe to say we abandoned ship and walked out. We returned to Postino and all is well. Welcomed with open arms and a drink prepared.Sidenote: the manager came over to not only apologize for the insensitive hostess but also to offer free tacos for the terrible experience. She deserves the 2 stars. The hostess however, deserves the zero star review. She was rude and being someone that works a 100% costumer service position, she would be let go considering how we were treated. She isn't doing you any favors. Better luck next time.
3	Great chips and salsa, nachos, and guac.  Tacos are mediocre.  Don't get the tuna tacos, they are NOT good.  Crispy tacos are good.I fear this place won't last long unless they just pick up the overflow from the other busy restaurants.  I expected more from the postinos owned restaurant.
5	Great food great service!! The crispy fish taco, hands down the best fish taco I've had to date!!! Also the cucumber mint with sapphire gin is amazing. If you are ever at the bar Kyle is your go to bartender!!!
2	This place was recommended by a colleague of mine so I decided to take my parents and my significant other out for dinner there. While the service was friendly, our server was also forgetful. We found it odd that our guacamole was served without chips. When we asked for some, they were also forgotten. The carne asada was overcooked, my dad had to return his because he couldn't chew it. The manager did come over to apologize and took it off the bill and paid for my dad's meal. The food actually lacked flavor and I didn't find anything distinctive about the entrees. While I don't mind loud music, it was difficult to carry on a conversation. We will not be returning.
3	This is has a nice atmosphere both inside and outside. My boys got the kids meal with the chicken tacos. They did not care for the tacos that had beans mixed in them. We ordered the standard, carne asada, and the fried fish tacos. The tacos were ok along with the Mexican cold slaw. I think I was looking for more of a Mexican taste. The food is healthy but just not for was. The place was nice to try...
4	Was a little turned off by the snobby hipster waiter serving us drinks while we were waiting an hour for a table but a friendly young lady helped,  and ultimately the wait staff and Food made up for the bad wait.  The drinks were refreshing and different,  we had a mix of quesadillas and guacamole appetizers,  both delicious and the fish and carne asada tacos were delicious and filling.  My next visit will be earlier to cash in on the happy hour specials, I will be back for sure...
5	Amazing drinks, great food. Never had a bad experience.  Except one time there was a lot of flies during the day. Other than that all food so far is delish and drinks are too!
5	I've now eaten here twice and tried all of their tacos. Joyride has amazing food, amazing staff and the cutest decor! I like to sit outside on the patio- which often puts you at risk for being forgotten- but not here! The staff is bubbly, helpful and checks in often! Everything I have tried here has been gorgeous, the presentation and flavor of each dish makes it hard to choose- but my favorites right now are the standard chicken and baja fish tacos!I also would like decorate my house like that place haha! I think I will try the agua fresca next time :)
5	My daughter and I have eaten here twice. I THINK the taco's are a bit pricey......but freekin delicious. I opt out for the beast or the captain.  NON the less........BEST CARNE ASADA IN GILBERT!!!!
4	The service is extremely hit or miss.The first time my girlfriend and I went here our server was great - everyone else ... the other 4 people who brought us something or sat us... were bad.At first we were going to brunch down the street, but they were on an extremely long wait. Then we walked past Postino's and decided to try something new.Our server was attentive, yet the chips and salsa were slow initially and for refills.The food was delivered by what seemed like a manager and she did not ask if we needed anything else or offer to refill our empty waters.Great beers on tap, the tacos are very good, and the servers make up a little bit for the overall way too laid back service. The decor is nice and the location is great, but get there early on the weekends or be prepared to wait.
1	Awful and over priced!  Water spilled all over me and my new coach purse and snobby staff all expect for our waiter. Hated everything about it. I knew we should of went to the BBQ place across the street.
5	I went to Joyride with a friend and we were blown away by the customer service and food. The mojito we had was delicious and the tacos were incredible. The crispy fish taco was my favorite. Go as soon as you can! It's right next door to Postino's East which is also outstanding. Both owned by same owner.
5	My wife and I frequent Joy Ride.  The waits are often long for a table but we're usually lucky enough to find a spot at the bar.We've never been disappointed with the food.  Most of the time, it's really good and occasionally, amazing.  The house cocktails, while not classic, are good in a spiked fruit juice kind of way.The atmosphere is awesome.  Bustling but not overly loud.  When the weather is nice, the patio is a nice option.  The music is right in my wheelhouse.  Prices are fair and sometimes a bargain.  For instance, they do a 32 ounce pitcher of draft beer for somewhere around $7.  The beer selection, while not terribly craft-centric, has a few good choices, i.e. Dale's.
5	I come here at least once every two weeks & everything from the chips to the drinks are spectacular! My favorite drinks are the  Pineapple Mojito or Key Largo. Both are refreshing. The beast burrito with no sauce, chimichanga style is my absolute favorite along with the Mexican Street Corn! Definite place to try if you're in Old Town Gilbert.
5	Had the best customer service tonight at joyride.  I didn't even tell my waitress I didn't like my food. She asked me what can I get since you don't like your food. I said nothing I'm fine. Then the manager came out and said I'm not leaving till I ordered something else and it would be on them. I ordered some braised beef tacos and they were amazing. The customer service I had tonight was AMAZING.  They went out of there way to make me happy. Something that you don't usually get when you go out. Very impressed with there service.
4	My Husband & I came here for lunch. Food is really good but took along time to get our drinks & food.
2	I'm surprised by all of the great reviews on the food at Joyride. I visited last week with my son. I love the atmosphere, the service was great. The food however, was terrible. We had the nachos. very little cheese (not melted) and too much of a white sauce with a very strange flavor, did not enjoy them at all.  Also tried the carne asada tacos. The meat has a very sweet flavor, very noticeably sweet. When I asked about it, they told me the meat is marinated in orange juice and does have a sweet flavor. They traded them out for the shredded beef tacos which I also did not enjoy. The corn tortillas on all the tacos are soft and quickly become soggy so the whole thing falls apart when you try to pick it up. My son had the red chile tamales. Besides red chile, they also had strips of carrots and zucchini inside (not indicated on the menu). The beans had no flavor. We love mexican food but were so disappointed. Despite the fun decor and atmosphere, we would not go back. If you are looking for good, authentic mexican, this is not the place. It's nothing like Carolina's or La Canasta (very good simple authentic mexican food) - they can't even compete with Macayos. The chips were ok, didn't like the salsa though. In addition, our bill was over $30. I don't mind paying for good food but expensive for terrible food? Seems like the kind of place that gets a lot of one time customers.
5	Tried this place for the first time tonight.  I love that they are open late, serve coke products,  have a fun atmosphere and decor and the service was great.  Our server suggested the nachos as an appetizer... which was absolutely terrific.  For dinner,  we took his suggestion and ordered the taco sampler plate, which had rice ans beans with carne asada, carnitas and Chicken.  I have to say my favorite was the carnitas,  I will for sure order that or the carne adada next time.  I also ordered the corn, omg this was delish.... something really worth ordering.  We will for sure be visiting this place again,  a new favorite.
4	We were seated promptly.The menu was simple and easy to read.Prices ... Some were slightly pricey.We liked the ambience. Retro fun! ^_^Service was prompt, and those who helped us seemed knowledgeable of their offerings.We ordered tacos and chimis. Oh and salad as well. We liked the fact that it's not processed. However, it seems to lack flavour. It's either salty, spicey, or tangy. Their chips were yummy, and like the fact that Darth Vader kept us company! LolGive this spot a go! ^_^
3	Ok, I get why this place is so popular. It is decorated uber-cool and has great music. Unfortunately the popularity means that we had to wait 45 minutes for a table. That would have been ok if it weren't for the fact that A - the hostess told us it would only be 15 minutes and B - she took our drink orders and my friend's credit card and then never came back and C - we saw multiple other parties that arrived after us were seated before we were. We sat outside in the lawn chairs, drinkless, until my friend went and tracked her down to find out what was going on. And even after we were moved to a table inside and greeted by Josh, our server, she still had a hard time getting the credit card back. After that we had to wait another 15-20 minutes just to be able to order.Overall, the service was pretty terrible. Apparently the owners think that 3 teenagers are enough waitstaff for the entire restaurant and bar and that plus the fact that they pool tips means that none of them really care about whether the guests have a good experience. The drinks were also hit or miss. I really enjoyed my cucumber agua fresca even though it was a little too sweet for me. But another friend got the blood orange margarita and it was awful. I am not sure if it was made wrong or what but since Josh's visits to our table were few and far between she didn't have an opportunity to send it back.So, why 3 whole stars you ask? Well, the tacos were pretty tasty. We all got the three taco plate because with three you get the free side. The orange cucumber salad was definitely worth it. I ordered the braised beef, grilled fish, and cochinita pibil. The pork on was a little underwhelming but the other two were outstanding. The fish was cooked perfectly and I loved the flavor of the beef. Other favorites from my girlfriends were the shrimp and veggie tacos. The tacos were all pretty small so you should definitely order 2 or 3 of them. So, overall the meal ended up being about $12. Not bad. But the drinks were really overpriced so that balanced out. Overall, I was happy with the quality of the food and it would be a pretty cool place to hang out if they could improve their staff.
2	Last time I was there (a few weeks ago), a random female server delivered our pitcher and one cold glass...even though there were 2 adults at the table. She wasn't our server - I think her name was Kim or something. She dropped the stuff & ran. Had she even stopped for 3 seconds to ask if we needed anything else, she could have gotten the second cold glass that was supposed to come with our beverage order. I approached the bar to get said glass and spoke with a guy that looked managerial and let him know. A male bartender was standing behind the "manager" the whole time we spoke and within seconds of returning to my table, he flagged down "Kim" to tell her what I had said. He was even kind enough to point at our table so she knew exactly who we were. Awesome. Food was good, as usual. Rude service & poor attitude have turned me off to this place for a while.
2	I have eaten here before and at the Central Phoenix location and was a little surprised how rude the staff were.My friends and I went in Friday night for drinks and appetizers and asked to be seated outside. She took us to a far corner table off by ourselves on the front patio that was covered in dirt. We then asked to move inside and she shoved us in the very corner booth by the kitchen where we were almost hidden from the entire restaurant when there were plenty of other booths and tables open. Our actual server was very nice but it honestly took incredibly long to simply get a drink refill on our water, chips and salsa. They were not that busy, it just seemed due to the seating location we were so hidden and off by ourselves he kept forgetting about us. After we finished the food the plan was to hang out and order a few drinks until we decided where else to go. Another server came over immediatley and dropped the bill. He then came back three or four times to check and see if we had placed the cards in there yet. I dont get why servers do this. IT IS SO RUDE. We werent in a hurry, they werent busy at all, we werent bothering anyone but yet they made us feel like we were a complete burden by being there. Ordering $7.00 drinks x4 and food and minding our own business I wouldnt think to be a hassle of a table. Im only giving them two stars for the food because thats been on point every time I have been there. I used to work for this company when it was jointly owned with the folks from Chelseas Kitchen.. I remember first hand how seriously customer satisfaction was taken while employed with them and am sad to say, they are not carrying on that same mindset to this new concept.
5	Super tasty tacos, salsa, and my favorite is the beet, papaya, goat cheese salad and add shrimp!  So good!!  It is busy and it's a bummer when it's super busy because it can become a servers frenzy, but so worth it once you eat the food!  Like the venue as well!
4	where to begin with this place?  located in the heart of downtown Gilbert, this place has retro written all over it.  everything from the sign to the decor has a mid century modern meets a surf side grub joint style to it.  walking in i was really amused with the place so i knew i would be in for a good time.  on this visit i only came for some beers and sadly did not get to try any of the food other than the chips and salsa which were quite tasty.  The beer selection was pretty decent with a large collection of Mexican beers.  i was happy they had my favorite which is Victoria.  Although I did not taste, the fish tacos looked pretty scrumptious as well.  downtown Gilbert is really booming and if you're looking for a fun festive atmosphere this place is it.
4	We went here on a Friday night at 5:45 so as expected we waited about 45 min to be seated.  In the meantime there were people bringing around chips and drinks so you could have something while you waited. There was lots of outdoor seating  (Adirondack style chairs with little tables) to hang out in while you waited and enjoyed your refreshments. They also have misters going to ward off some of the heat. Once seated service was a bit slow but once we had our order taken the food was out amazingly fast. I had carne asada tacos, no cilantro (always a test to see if they can handle specialty orders) and my husband had the beast. Both were very good. The salsa is a bit too hot for me and it came on my tacos so I drank a ton of coke.  My husband loved it,  he tends to like really spicy things.  Definitely a hipster staff but not so much that you feel out of place. Lots of families, older couples and young couples there on dates.  Decor is very nice also.  It is kind of loud,  I'm sensitive to that because my grandma has hearing aids, I would never be able to take her there unless we sat outside. Overall great place and we will be back.
2	Well after a few recommendations and some yelp reviews we decided to try it. Over all a disappointment for all the hype. 50 minute wait. 30 minute wait from the time we ordered appetizer until food arrived...uhm before the appetizer. I had 3 way overpriced "street tacos" crispy fish, shrimp, and shredded beef. Both the fish and shrimp were cold, the beef barely warm...wife's were adequately warm. Over all tacos all kind of tasted the same was my wife's comment. I agreed. Appetizer finally came...ahi tostada (on the house at this point) it was good...but nothing to write home about...was not seasoned at all. It's amazing what a little salt and pepper can do for a dish folks. A double rum and coke set me back 14 dollars wtf? The moes definitely desert? Uhmmm runny and grainy boxed pudding, a clump of sliced banana, Carmel and salted pecans...pecans and Carmel were the best part etc...thrown together...but tasted pretty good...not worth 6 bucks. Our server was pleasant enough but forgetful apparently. Short term memory problems? LolAll said and done ? 64 dollars for one app, two entrees, one desert and two drinks. I don't know what the uber positive reviews are all about I'm thinking you waited a long time and had a few too many by the time your table was ready hence..."everything was so good"...really over priced, under seasoned, poorly executed simple food. Trying to ride on the hipster local and decor  and forgetting that the food and service is the thing.  We decided we will go try it one more time just make sure it wasn't an accident. Will update after.
4	Just enjoyed a pretty lovely dinner at the bar. We walked up and the wait for a table was 50 minutes, but the bar is first come first serve and we magically found two seats next to each other at 7:30 on a Saturday night. Kismet. The bar is big and comfortable, a wrap-around that's probably big enough for 30 people. My only complaint is there wasn't a place for my purse, I would love a hook for it underneath the bar. Our server was attentive and we got a smaller pitcher (about 2.5 beers) of good beer for $7, which I thought was a pretty stellar deal.The complimentary chips and salsa came out hot and spicy. The salsa was good to me, I love cilantro and smoky heat and it delivered. I ordered three tacos, the standard, carnitas and tuna, and also got the refried beans. It was all delicious, from the tortilla to the toppings! My favorite was honestly the standard - it was the quintessential street taco. Delicious marinated chicken with smooth avocado and a great pico on top. I'd definitely recommend it, and we'll for sure be back!
4	I met a few co-workers for the end of happy hour and Cinco de Mayo yesterday. Located in downtown Gilbert next to Postinos, Joyride is almost always packed. We opted for first table available and were seated within 10 minutes in the patio. Our server was wonderful. He gave us great recommendations on drinks! We ordered the classic and blood orange margaritas, $5 special for the day. It was pretty strong but good. Then we placed an order for tacos! They have a diverse menu and had gluten free options. I had carnitas tacos. They were so beautiful I felt a little guilty eating them. The chips and salsa kept coming and I was glad it did. Everything is house made and you can tell. The ambiance is trendy and relaxing. I will definitely be back!
3	Good atmosphere and tasty options. Good service and full bar. Nice addition to gilbert.
3	We ate lunch at your restaurant today. The food was good but the service was terrible. We left the office to have lunch and sat at the table almost 45 minutes waiting for our food.  Refills on a drink and/or water took incredibly long after the server said he would refill our drinks. Very expensive too.
1	Still working out the bugs??? Undercooked rice, SMALL tacos for the price....Not sure this place will last....We won't be back.
5	I love Joyride too much for my own good. My friend always raved about this place so I finally gave in. We came here on a friday around 9 pm and were immediately seated outside. We got the guacamole and three different tacos, which were all amazing. Our server was really nice and the music was great. I will definitely be returning soon.
5	Delicious tacos, and amazing service! Any place with free chips and salsa is a keeper in my book! I love street tacos and I plan on loving them fromJoyride more often!!! Mmm mmm delicious!!!
2	Eh, food was really expensive. It was okay food, the carne asada was good but still it was all a bit too pricey.  Short and sweet- service was garbage. Might have over looked the price but couldn't with the slow service. I did like the music though. Probably won't go back.
2	Went for the first time today after constantly driving by.  First impression was that it was too dark, I had to shine my phone onto the menu to be able to read it.  Then the real issues started with the service being the biggest one.  Took a good twenty minutes to order and then an eternity to get my tacos.  They were okay, nothing great though.  Server came by one to all if o wanted a refill however never brought it out.  Between the mediocre food and terrible service I don't think I'll go back.
5	Such a cute place! I have been obsessed with Joyride for the past 6 months. All They're tacos are amazing. The Fila salad is also great. The first time my boyfriend got the Mexican street corn he said every single person should have this on they're table. And he's not usually impressed by food. I have never been disappointed with the food drinks or service at joyride.
2	I was not impressed but my husband liked it more.  We went for Cinco de Mayo so it was busy. I noticed their happy hour ends at five.  Am I the only one who thinks that is weird? The tacos were ok but over all not really worth the price.  Drinks were decent.  The decor and atmosphere were great but there were a large amount of flies.  I think there would have been less trouble with flies if we ate outside.  I might give it another try but maybe just a drink and app but there are better places nearby.
4	Finally got to try this place today.  We've attempted to come a couple of times but were deterred by the two hour long wait.  We went in today (a Saturday) at about 4:45, and there was no wait!  The tacos were really good.  We especially liked the fish taco and the braised beef taco.  The ahi taco was not impressive at all.  The guacamole was pretty good... not amazing but good.  Drinks were good.  Loved their salsa that comes when they seat you.  Very fresh!  I'd definitely go back, but I would never wait two hours for it.
4	Lol......well it hit 100 degrees and all the snowbirds are gone. So now i can go out to eat!! Good service.....water refills were on point Tacos were tastey along with great tasting free chips and salsa.Had the beast burrito.......it was ok......refried beans in it....really?? For me ...,refried beans are the opposite of fresh mexican .Made it out with a 25.00 bill for two, tip included.......by drinking water.Alcohol has become a ridiculous waste of money and their beer , wine and drinks come at a premium. But....they do have happy hour prices.If your going to eat and drink...expect  15.00- 20.00 + bucks a person .Its the ultimate hipster hangout so expect music and hip people wearing hip clothingTo be buzzing around.
5	This place was great.We sat outside and had drinks and appetizers.  The staff was friendly and the area we waited for our table was cozy.Once inside, we had a great dinner.  Great atmosphere and totally worth the price.  Can't wait to go back again.
1	Worst service ever, had to find someone to get chips, drink refills and pay the bill even after asking the server. Appetizer corn was cold, Beast burrito so so. Never going back...
5	I went back today because I was craving the chips and salsa! I stumbled upon a beautiful little money saving sign at the table for a lunch deal :) Any two tacos and half a salad or soup for $9.95. I ordered the shrimp and ahi taco. Both delicious of course. But I am here to praise about the fila salad. The fila salad blew my mouth and mind, it has kale as a base  with jicama, oranges, tomato, avocado, pinto beans, corn, crunchy peas + queso fresco in a quince vinaigrette. It's definitely worth a try! I had fantastic service. My water was not even a quarter empty and it was refilled, twice! The place had people in there but it was not during peak times or super busy by any means. I am already planning my next trip but next time starting with dessert.
4	This is a very fun place.  We sat at the bar and were served immediately.   This is Americanized version of Mexican food that uses fresh ingredients and crafty presentations.  The restaurant design is modern and hip.  Our salad and burrito were delicious.   Cool hangout or date spot.
3	First off, the food was very good and deserves four stars. The problem was the service. The server was constantly forgetting to bring us things we had asked so we had to ask the bussers as they passed by. We understood at first since he was taking care of a large party but after they left, he only had us and still was absent!  Having been a restaurant corporate trainer for servers and managed restaurants I tend to be a little more patient than most but this went beyond my patience. I will definitely give them another try since the food was good but hopefully they redeem themselves with their service.
5	Visiting from CA and our host took us here. I had the the three taco plate with chicken tinga, short rib and conchita pibil. They were all delicious. The service was good and a manager touched our table and gave us a complimentary dessert. My only negative was the bomb beans were under seasoned. This did not ruin my experience however. Would recommend this place! Excellent!
4	Pleasantly surprised! The nachos were delicious but the chicken was rubbery. Other than that, great flavors!
2	Got a to go order there about 45 minutes before they closed. Had never eaten there but drive by it a lot. Got the 2 battered fish tacos and 2 carne asada tacos. Took about 20 minutes for a to go order and they weren't busy. I went straight home but found that the food wasn't warm. After biting in, I realized I probably should have heated it up. Not bad but not very flavorful. Overall ok and I'm not going to turn down tacos. They also forgot my side that was supposed to come with the meal. There is another taco chop nearby that I'm sticking with.  I will give them 5 stars for their churros though. I'm really picky about churros and these were great. I tried it which was my goal but I don't really see myself returning.
4	As far tacos go I haven't had anything better and I lived in scottsdale for a few years and tried everything.  Only taking a star away because we've had a few occasions where they got our order mixed up
4	We decided to try this place and we were not disappointed. The vibe is modern trendy Mexican, so if you are hoping for authentic go somewhere else. The restaurant is situated in Downtown Gilbert next to other fantastic restaurants. My biggest thank you to the owner and chef goes to the portion and flavor. In an environment of over sized American gluttony this place provides the "right" size for an entree. I ordered 3 tacos, Chicken, Pork and Carne Asada with a side of Black beans... I was very satisfied. The Salsa was AMAZING and helped round out the meal. Overall a strong contender for an evening out, happy hour or even with the kids!
3	I really wanted to like this place, but I was disappointed after the first sip of the "almond horchata". The atmosphere is trendy and cool, but the food is a tad over priced and isn't worth the hype. My drink was literally hard to swallow- it was very powdery and chalky. Totally not worth the $8! I ordered the crispy fish taco which had no flavor, the braised beef taco was flavorful but the cochinita pibil made me give this rating an extra star. It was delicious! Also the salsa is very fresh and had the perfect amount of heat. The tacos are small so I feel like paying almost $4 for one is a rip off! I'm glad that I tried it but probably won't be going back. The fresh salsa and cochinita pibil tacos really are the reason for the 3 stars.
1	STAY AWAY!!!  my kids took me there for my 45 birthday and they sat us in a booth with so many flies the manager had to come over with BUG SPRAY and spray the window.!! The pesticide was so strong they had to move us to other booth she had just sprayed. There were dead flies everywhere. Needless to say when our food came we had to fight the flies for it. The dessert was horrible, the drinks were garbage and they wouldn't offer to take it back. Not a good bday!!!!
5	The staff here is awesome. The food is pretty good, too. We always sit at the bar and they take care of us :) i love all the different salsas and the blood orange margarita is a must!
1	If you are an actual Latino. Then this is not the place for you. Its a nice place and the way the food is made looks good but there is no taste to it. My girlfriend and I went here because we heard it was good. The chips and salsa are good but the food was disgusting. I ordered chilaquiles and my girlfriend ordered inchiladas. They both looked amazing when they were brought up to the table so I can tell we have a good professional Chef in the kitchen but when we went to eating the food there was no flavor what so ever. The only flavor was the green sauce covering it. The people seemed nice but there was one waiter that was very rude and made a mess as he kept filling our waters. not professional at all. As I said if you are a Latino looking for some real Mexican food then this is the wrong place for you.
4	This is a fun, colorful place for drinks or dinner. We've been here several times now and can say that the food is consistently great and the service is excellent. Try the blood orange margaritas!
4	First time there and we will be back. I broke down and went out of my comfort zone and had the Crispy Fish Tacos.  They were amazing.  The guacamole was excellent.  The only disappointment was the margarita.  It was very weak and just not good.  Fish taco will bring me back, but the $9.00!margarita needs to be better.
5	Been there a couple times now and a great experience both times.  Cool atmosphere, though it seems like the outside part of the property could be set up in a more useful way (looks nice but not too many chairs or tables.)  We ate at the bar both times and service was exceptional.  They were friendly and very attentive but not overly hovering/checking in like some places do.  The first time there they had an accidental corn on the cob appetizer they had an extra of and the bartender asked us if we wanted it.  I thought that was nice, since most places would chuck an extra rather than give it out for free.  They also had a pretty decent beer special.  Can't remember exactly what it was but something like $5 small pitcher during HH, and that was for good beer (Kiltlifter) not the cheap stuff.  Tacos were delicious, I liked the standard fried fish the best (I ordered a combo of three types.)
5	Love love this place!! Great tacos, great salads, great ahi stacks, great salsa, great drinks (and like the non alcoholic options as well), great lunch specials, great service. I wish there was one in the tempe/Scottsdale area!
3	Food was delicious but they need to get the flies under control. We were dining inside and still had to constantly swat them away from our food. Felt a little rushed out the door at the end of the meal. Other than that it was good.
5	Came here with a party of 14 during their anniversary week and the place was crazy. I have to say they could not have done a better job considering the situation. I've been before when things weren't so crazy and the service was good but I must say they rose to the occasion! This place has some seriously yummy food and great drinks! Don't let the prices scare you, the quality is there.
5	Great tacos at a great price!  It was extremely busy during lunch but there is always room at the bar.  The service was fantastic.  Chips and salsa included with the meal is a sign of a true Mexican restaurant.  Loved it.
4	Went tonight for the first time to take advantage of the anniversary taco special. The food was good and the service was outstanding. I can't even remember the last time I've felt that good about the service in any restaurant in the valley.
5	They sell Mexican food and have Star Wars posters on the wall, so they're off to a good start with me.Service is outstanding here. When I sat at the bar, they were very quick to keep my water glass full.Their tacos, drinks, and ceviche are all tasty and well made. The carne asada taco is a little on the spicy side, so be ready for it.I have enjoyed both times here, and I'm sure I'll come back for more.
4	I have been to this place several times now and I have had a good experience every time so far. The service is good and the tacos are tasty.To anyone who doesn't eat meat - the vegetarian taco is so flavorful and delicious!!!! Order a couple of these and a beverage ;)I love how they fresh squeeze all their juices and the happy hour is a great deal. I recommend the fresco drink with fresh pineapple juice and tequila.
5	So my boyfriend and I ventured here for some prime time World Cup viewing as well as  some delicious noms (or food, if you will).First thing's first. This place has the coolest atmosphere  ever (As far as restaurants go). Complete with laid back tunage and retro decor, I was instantly enamored. The smell that emerges from the kitchen is also to die for. Did I mention that they have a weekend happy hour that includes alcoholic agua frescas as well as local pitchers of beer? My goodness... could it get any better...The food options are plentiful and everything is extremely fresh. I can't even begin to describe to you the wonderful appeal to the senses that each bite provides. My boyfriend ordered a make your own type of burrito and I ordered the chicken.  (Which sounds plain and boring but is anything but!) Inside the chicken burrito was butternut and chayote squash, spinach, mushroom, avocado, corn, queso, tomatillo salsa, pico gringo and aji amarillo. (i'm salivating just remembering it!) I also washed it down with an ice cold glass of some Four Peaks.... Overall, if you aren't in the area, this place is worth the drive. Devine food, amazing customer service, and extreme satisfaction all around. I will DEFINITELY be coming back.
4	Joyride is my new favorite restaurant. I am absolutely in love with the food, decor and their TACOS! My absolute favorite is the crispy fish taco. We went in on my birthday and ordered an appetizer, tacos and a few sides. The tacos came out but the appetizer didn't come out until we were done eating our meal. I told the waiter how late the appetizer was, and the manager came right over and took care of the whole meal! Not at all what we were expecting but so wonderful and kind on my birthday.Joyride is absolutely wonderful from the customer service to the great food! I love this place and go back as much as I can.
4	Their service surpasses their food, but that isn't a bad thing because their food is pretty dang good. They have a decent selection of food and similar to their company sibling Positions, have achieved a remarkable atmosphere that makes ya' just want to relax. Joyride is a decent place to grab some gourmet tacos.
1	Negatives:Hipster hangout. Looks like a 70's lounge. The Mexican mule does not deserve the name. It was a passion fruit cocktail in a regular glass with tequilla. No TACO TUESDAY deals! What kind of taco place does not do taco tuesday? Tacos were flavorless except the chicken tinga. Servers keep their phones in the retro ice chest at the front of the restaurant (weird, I know). Positives:The Big Lebowski pictureChips and Salsa
3	Phew, it's pricey. $3.50 for a mini taco. Atmosphere is good,  staff is. .. hipster. Chips were a bit stale and my drink was not the best. It cost my husband and I $50 for the 3 mini tacos,  nachos and a drink a piece. The have a really good outdoor area and is great for the young professional but if you go the to eat and not socialize, best to go someplace out.
4	I love Joyride Taco House!  The service is always friendly and attentive.  The decor is fun and contemporary.  Best of all, the food is consistently delicious.  I love the roasted veggies, the Mexican street corn, all the amazing tacos (especially the two kinds of fish tacos), the tamales, the burritos and black beans.  And, oh my, the hot homemade churro's served with slightly spicy warm chocolate sauce for dipping!  Joyride is our go-to place for special events.  There can be a long wait (wish they had call ahead!) and it can be somewhat noisy inside.  But this restaurant is well worth it!
5	Love this place ... A friend introduced me and it is now my GO TO place.  Yummy and great drinks
1	Honestly, I don't understand all the positive reviews this place has. I've been there twice now and both times it was truly the worst customer service I've had at a restaurant/bar in recent memory. Both times we've waited at least 10 minutes after sitting down for anyone to come by and take drink orders, had at least 4 different people serving us through the course of our meal and felt like total inconveniences for the staff. The last time I was there I ordered a vodka cranberry and I kid you not, the waitress said "is that on the menu?" I just stared at her and said, umm.. I'm not sure. I didn't look at the drink menu". A vodka cranberry? Really? The only things I like about joyride are the location and the food is great too. However, with such terrible customer service I'll eat food I like less elsewhere.
4	The tacos and drinks were delicious and the atmosphere was awesome. The wait however was very long. We had to wait outside for over an hour to be seated.
5	Took the girlfriend here for dinner last night, we had been here one time prior. Still an amazing experience, the wait staff is great and super friendly and the food... Well the food is outstanding!!!
5	Fantastic service! Staff was extremely attentive! Our waiter, Justin, was phenomenal. Love him! I would recommend to anyone looking for good drinks and better service!
4	I think as far as the food is concerned, Joyride deserves 5 stars. I had two of the carne asada tacos and one of the carnitas tacos. The carne asada tacos were among the best I've had. So tasty, such flavor, wow!  The carnitas taco was also super good. I ordered a side of the habanero salsa and while it was not as hot as I was hoping for, it had a lot of flavor to go along with the heat. Don't let the fact that it contains habanero peppers scare you off, it is more than doable, even for the chili challenged. Maybe they should make a ghost pepper salsa.  My wife ordered a pair of the baja fish tacos. I must admit, even though I'm usually not a seafood person, the bite I had wasalso tasty. If you like horchata, do yourself a favor and try their "spiked" horchata with amaretto. It's really good and the fresh ground cinnamon on top was a nice touch.  Overall, I'm looking forward to hitting this place again. I wish I could say that I would sample more of their offerings but I'm not one that likes to "go off the reservation" once I find something I like.  Only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is because, we sat at the bar, and the staff was a lil slow in responding to empty drink glasses. Yes, a lil room for improvement but not a big deal. Give Joyride Taco Shop a shot!
5	Fantastic service, excellent tacos and guacamole, trendy fun atmosphere!  My husband loved his burrito.  Blood orange margarita is my favorite!   We have been here half a dozen times and every time it's been stellar!  If you order tacos in a group they bring them all out together which can be complicated.  Great place if you have kids!
4	Solid bet for lunch or dinner in the Gilbert area. I live in Arcadia, but grew up in the East valley and have many friends who still live out on the east side. Since most of them have babies now, I am always looking for decent spots in the east valley to meet for lunch, etc. since it's easier for me to travel (no kids) than it is for them. Joyride is similar to several other iterations of the same sort of upscale Mexican/taco concept, like Sol or Barrio Queen. They have a nice deal where if you order three tacos they give you a free side, which rounds out the meal. I had the veggie, shrimp and ahi tacos (photo posted) and they were all good. I liked the shrimp and veggie the best, might switch out the ahi for a different option on the next visit. The prices were reasonable for this sort of restaurant  and my friend was pleased that they had decently priced kids menu. All in all, we enjoyed our visit and I would certainly visit agin or hit up the Phoenix branch.
2	Food was excellent, service was terrible. I have got to Postinos next door and had the most outstanding service but this place was laughable. First, we had reservations for 6:30 on a Monday and we had to wait with our kids until after 7 to be seated. It is my understanding that it you have  a reservation at a restaurant they will plan for your table to be ready at the time you reserved it.Then there was our server, Michael. Well, Michael seemed to me not to have a care in the world. We had two tables and I guess two servers. My daughter sat at the other table but we informed Michael that we would like her dinner on our check he said, that's not my table. Um, okay but we still would like her "kids" meal on our tab. Okay, I'll take care of that he said. We ordered our meal and he/we forgot our son's "kid" meal. I had to wave him down to order it. I said he'll have the quesadilla, Michael asked no other questions. Like what would he like to drink? What side would you like him to have? Nope, just said okay and took off. I had no time to ask for the additional parts of my son's meal. He is 2 and was climbing all over the booth like any other terrible 2 year old. Finally, when I got a second to ask for his chocolate milk I said doesn't he get a side too. Michael said, oh I ordered him the fruit. Um, okay, I hope he likes the "fruit" thanks for giving us a choice. I hope he isn't allergic or have some sort of other problem with "fruit". Why would he take the chance and just lazily order what "he" thought was right for my child. I had to ask twice for the chocolate milk to because Michael forgot.Oh, and guess what? My friends at the other table got the bill for my daughter's meal. Really? After we specifically said, "please put her meal on our tab". Instead of trying to get Michael's attention again, we just told our friend we would pay him later and we left because it was getting super late and our kids were melting down.Michael, you need to learn how to serve people food. It isn't super hard. I did it for 7 years, you just have to care. Maybe go over to Postinos and ask any one of their servers for some training.
4	New in town and I heard great things about this place. Went here with the whole family and we had a nice time. Place was family friendly. My 6 year old daughter lived he complementary chips and salsa. The food was average, I had better, however our waitress was really good. She was attentive to our needs and the family had a good time.
5	Since having a daughter with celiac disease, we are always on the lookout for gluten-free friendly places. All their GF items are marked on the menu, even their tortilla chips are gluten-free, where many restaurants contaminate the chips by frying them in the same fryer used on breaded items. Everything we have had here so far was excellent. Baja and carnitas tacos rank as my favs. I also think their tortilla soup is outstanding. I don't do a lot of mixed drinks, but my wife loves the blood-orange margarita. I tasted it. Good and strong. The atmosphere is nice, staff is on their game and bathrooms were clean. Once it gets cooler, this place will be even better. They can open large doors to two separate patios. Maybe even bring in some talented, live local music, like Vinyl Station.
2	I've heard so many good things about Joyride that I was super excited when the opportunity came up to try it out. I had very high expectations. I guess it goes to show, that time & time again, when expectations are high, they are hardly ever met.My comments about the service are very positive .. No complaints at all. When we walked into the restaurant, there were quite a few tables open & the hostess let us pick where we sat. The establishment isn't that large, but it was kind nonetheless for her to offer us the option. In general, we noticed they are really quick about bringing chips & salsa to the table as they do it as soon as all patrons are seated. They are good at keeping water glasses filled, making sure any questions are answered about the menu, orders are put in right away, etc.My comments about the food are not so positive. I opted to get three tacos (comes with a free side when you get 3) - the shrimp taco, the crispy fish taco, & the chicken tinga taco (the second two per recommendation of our waitress). None of them blew me away .. Nor were they even that good to mention to someone. The chicken tinga was just spicy, which I am ok with, but lacked flavor. The shrimp was the same way. I would say of the three, the crispy fish was the best, but again, nothing to rave about, & almost too heavy with the added stuff on top. I got the black beans as my side ... My mistake. They just tasted like beans out of a can topped with a little bit of cheese. No seasoning. I didn't understand nor enjoy them. My dining-mate got the veggie burrito & it was really good. For how much he paid, he enjoyed it & more.Lastly, it's to be noted that there are a ton of flies in the restaurant. It was not only annoying, but also felt un-sanitary. I almost wanted to leave before we even ordered, but decided to stick around. I guess I should've gone with my original gut instinct!
5	Being right down the street, Joyride is a great place to go for a quick, delicious lunch.  First time I went, i was pleasantly surprised at the authenticity of the food.  The carne asada tacos were cooked perfectly, had great flavor, as did the pork carnitas.Their salsa is good...a little mild--ask for the hot, you'll love it.  Only thing I would recommend is dialing down the music a bit as it's a little loud if you're talking biz.
3	Everyone RAVES about this place. I finally went, met a friend who told me we should meet up at 11:30 right before it gets packed and so we did. We had a choice of tables and was seated promptly. Water, chips and Salsa were delivered right away. Our server introduced herself and was very attentive. The food is fresh and the tacos are very traditional mexican soft tacos.We started with an order of Guacamole which I thought was very good, fresh avocado, could of used a little more seasoning, but I ate with the salsa and was good. My friend had ordered the 2 taco (Crispy Fish and Ahi Tuna) and salad (Ensalada Fila) special. She loves this place. I had ordered the 3 tacos (Shrimp, Crispy Fish and Baja Fish) and mine came with a choice of side, so the Black Beans it was. Honestly the food was good service and atmosphere good. I just can't get over the markup in pricing. Its trendy marketing: catchy name, cute place good food, but come on guys its a Taco Joint! With the 3 taco +side, and order of Guacamole and a Corona beer with tip $31.So with that said and done. I"m glad I tried it myself and I would go back only if I was meeting people and that was the restaurant vote.
4	Love this place. Good service, tasty food and a fun atmosphere. The drinks are AMAZEBALLS... Omg. Plus $5 for a pitcher of delicious brew before 5 pm makes this my go to weekend lunch spot. Salsa's have a lot a flavor and good heat and the tacos are delicious. I was not impressed with the Chicken Tinga, it was just OK, the fish taco's are wonderful and the tortillas are handmade. The tortilla soup is really tasty as well, it can be a little to thick, but has great flavor. You have to order the cheese y mas... oh buddy. I could eat that all day erry day!Overall, you should go here - belly up to the bar, the bartenders are fun and the service is great.
2	Nice outside area. Service was friendly. Very expensive for what it was. And for all the random things, the food really didn't have much flavor. Not impressed with the "tree hugger" menu. We had just moved here and ended up at this place by mistake. (Couldn't find so cal fish tacos). It's a great yuppy hip health food place, but not family friendly looking for REAL tacos.
5	One of our "go to" places for a good quick meal...or even a lot German one with friends.   Great food, great service, laid back eclectic crowd.
5	Joyride never disappoints! I always get The Standard tacos, but I've had pretty much everything here and it's all delicious. You could order anything on the menu and end up a happy camper.The atmosphere is super chill and bright. It's definitely a tight squeeze, but I've never felt claustrophobic or squished. It's like a cozy little family in there! The patio/outdoor eating area is beautiful during the winter months and is a great hot spot during Happy Hour.Pro tip - I (obviously) recommend The Standard. Plus, if you buy 3 tacos, you get a free side-dish, which I love. Their Blood Orange Mule is pretty awesome too!
5	Wow!  Great food, attentive service and all the beautiful people you could ask for.  Seriously.  Everyone in the place was stunning,  I loved LOVED the crispy fish taco and would probably just keep ordering those if I returned.  Why mess with a good thing? My husband had a variety of other tacos and he enjoyed them all.  I am also now obsessed with their orange cucumber salad.  Since I don't live in the area I will be trying to replicate it when I get home.  Not a cheap meal, but worth the price.  It doesn't get any better than this!
5	Love Joyride! Great atmosphere, great food, great service. This is a fun date-night kind of place or good to go with a small group as well. The fish tacos are delicious, their beet salad is exceptional as well. I wanted to love the tortilla soup but sadly was disappointed with that, but this place is a Taco House, and they do tacos well so that's alright with me! My husband loves their burritos, and their agua frescas are delicious. Get the strawberry one and add Malibu Rum...you won't be disappointed! :)
5	This restaurant group always gets it right.  From the decor, to the food, to the cocktails it's just perfection.  Check out their other concepts at The Windsor, Churn, Postino, and Federal Pizza- you won't be disappointed.
3	After driving past this place and looking at the menu online, I thought Joyride would be the perfect taco place for me. They have a few vegetarian options, cool sounding drinks, and the atmosphere looked fun. I was a tad disappointed however.There were some things I really liked about Joyride, and some things I did not like so much. One good thing was the service, the servers were very attentive. Even a few servers who were not our server for the night came up to check on us, which I thought was nice. I also liked the decor, very mod and I like the color scheme.I ordered three veggie tacos with the cucumber orange salad as my side. It is nice they you get to have a free side with three tacos. The tacos were good but not great. The first one I ate had a soggy tortilla, the other two tortillas were fine. Also there was a tiny piece of something hard and inedible in my first taco, which was unpleasant. I wish I would have ordered the black beans as my side instead too because the salad was kind of gross. Also the side would have cost $4.00 which is ridiculous for like 3 cucumber spears, 2 mandarin orange segments, and a few seeds. I tried to like it, but I just couldn't! Also my boyfriend got the Key Largo drink, and I am glad I did not order one because I was not a fan. He thought it was too vanilla-y, but did not totally hate it. The chips and salsa were yummy though, so there is a plus.Another downside was the price. Mine wasn't too bad, but my boyfriend's meal was nearly $30 for a drink, burrito, and a taco. Overall, Joyride is not bad, but did not quite meet my expectations.
5	This place is amazing! Just writing this review is making me hungry. First, the ambiance is awesome. The decor is fun and trendy and they play great music. It is a fantastic place to just relax and grab a bite with friends. The staff are all friendly and the customer service is great. They're quick to refill your drinks and if anything is wrong with your order (only happened to us once, forgot the enchilada sauce on a burrito) they are quick to fix it. We ordered a taco trio (carne asada, chicken tinga, & Baja fish) they were all fantastic but the carne asada was by far the favorite. The bomb black beans that came with the tacos were amazing! Seriously, for something as simple as black beans they were so tasty. My husband got The Beast burrito enchilada style with red and green sauce. That was delicious too. The Pork Adobado Torta was absolutely amazing! Makes my mouth water just thinking about it. The toasted bread was perfect with the saucy meat and the side salad that came with it was a perfect light complement to the heaviness of the sandwich. All in all, an awesome place, can't say enough great things about it! Can't wait to go back and try something new. If the trend continues, I'm sure whatever I pick from the menu next will be stellar.
3	What's the big deal about this place?  Food was good but the atmosphere was moderate the service horrible and the prices were a little steep.
1	Truly a letdown... the place was busy and has a great atmosphere.  My wife and I were excited to try the food out.  Started with Mexican street corn... unseasoned and out of season corn.  My wife and I each tried 3 different tacos (6 total).  There was not 1 out of the 6 that I would ever want to order again.  Two main themes... under seasoned or strange flavors and little hard burnt bits in almost everything.  The only thing that I thought was passable was the chips and salsa.  Although, after reading other reviews, the question has to be asked... what does this place have against seasoning their food?  And, who are these people who are recommending this place as having great food.  Again it it's a shame that with a great location presentation and atmosphere they could not produce a quality dish.
4	Jack Black may be known for the "Get That Corn Outta My Face!" meme, where he slaps two ears on a stick from Esqualito's hands.  It was probably because Hector scored the offending vegetable from America's Taco Shop, which has an embarrassingly bad rendition of this barrio sensation.I shall be known as the "Get That Corn Inta My Face!" guy, after ordering elote from the Joyride app offering.  I am the Albexican, and know good corn Mexican.  Yeah that rhymed, I do it all the timed!Another win for the vegetarians comes in the Garden Variety Burrito, enchilada style... sawed in half, with competing red and green sauces covering each dismemberment.  Snicker's could never satisfy like thisLil tip... when you order, say, a... pineapple auga fresca... drink it quickly.  If you let it sit, the ice will melt, and you'll end up with a watered down agua fresca... and your heart will be sad.Finally, and potentially the most important aspect (depending on if you're actively on laxatives or not)... the bathroom scene.  Let's taco bout it.There's three doors.  Choose wisely, don't doddle.1. Guys & Gals (The most spacious of the three.  Like driving a Chevrolet Cordova)2. Gals & Guys (This is the middle child... we'll call it Jan Brady)3. Gals  (VERY CRAMPED... because gals get cramps?  I dunno...)
4	First time here! Great place love the Blood Orange Margarita !! Food was greattasting ,  portions are small for the price ! Would go back !
5	First time here and absolutely incredible!! Definitely will be back, Carna aseda burrito was the best!They even have fresh Jalepanos !!!
5	This place is amazing. Insanely good tacos (try the crispy fish), unbelievable service and incredible atmosphere. Hopefully your server is Taylor because she rocks and is spot on with recommendations for drinks, entrees and dessert. Awesome place. Can't wait to come back.
3	Small and causal. Tacos are good. They have a liquor license. It gives you the sense of a fast food place because it's so small but you get a server.
5	I just EASILY had the BEST lunch I've ever eaten!  It was THAT good!The chicken tortilla soup was out of this world...light and delicate...fresh and HOT!!!I had two fish tacos with no tortilla.  One was a regular fish taco and the other was a beer battered fish taco.lThe fire roasted salsa was EASILY the best salsa I have ever had, too!This place is a serious gem!  I could go there every single day!Thanks guys!!
5	Absolutely the best tacos and tamales we've ever eaten anywhere. Adding to that, the service and atmosphere of this restaurant were both exceptional!
5	We decided to stop here after finding it on Yelp - so glad we did. The atmosphere is casual, but not overly so. Our server, Taylor, was one of the most knowledgable and bubbly servers I've ever had. She knew about all the food and had great recommendations (based on our tastes) and even made me feel just fine for ordering an item plain (standard taco with just chicken and cheese). The blood orange margarita is phenomenal and not terribly priced. I HIGHLY recommend the "Better than Betty's" dessert - it's brownie, ice cream, caramel, and walnuts but oh man. So delicious. If you're in the area - make it a point to check this place out...ASK FOR TAYLOR (this is extremely important)...and get some dessert. You'll thank me for it later. Ugh...so full.
5	Service was great, the tacos were amazing, my family and I had a great time. The atmosphere was. Definitely will be back again
4	Love this place but why oh why did you get rid of the El Capitan sandwich?? It was amazing! Bring it back please!
4	I've dined here 3 times and have to admit that I can't get past the fish taco!  YUM!  Crunchy, flavorful--So yummy!  There are many other treats to try at this establishment.  The decor is fun, seating in a booth is comfortable with others and the service is always consistently right on.  They will do for you whatever it takes!  You place your order, and it's there in hardly no time at all.  Fresh!
2	The check-in/seating system here is ridiculous. We stood by 3 vacant four top tables while they made two old ladies in front of us stand and wait for 15+ mins, then they finally gave up and sat them at the table that had been vacant the entire time. My mom has a hurt leg and she had to stand and wait even longer because it was too hot outside. Then she all of a sudden they realized they didn't put my name in the iPad, so another two tables was sat in front of us. If it weren't for the good wait staff and food we would have left a lot earlier. They just kept pushing to send people outside and to the bar and saving the tables for special clients apparently. I should mention this was on a Saturday at 1:30pm. The food and drinks were excellent and for that I give it another star.
1	Sitting at the bar... Super slow had to practically do jumping jacks to get service  sitting at the bar really??.. Food way over priced for what it is and was really bad.. carne asada ??wtf horrible. Cheap beer is the only good thing that's if you can get a drink  from the snooty want to be server/ bartenders... I know what ppl have been saying in the Gilbert community and its obvious there is no way this is a four star joint... Fake reviews forsure buyer beware.
5	Of course this place opens when I move back to California. Where was this place during the four years I lived here?! Where to start. . . AMBVIANCE- 5 stars. Comfy booths. Great vibes. Fun place to come with your friends. FOOD- 5 stars. The menu is super fun. It is full of delicious drinks, both alcoholic and non-alcoholic. They have a large selection of juices including cucumber and horchata. I was in love with my almond and cinnamon horchata. You can't go wrong with their guacamole. Their tacos were awesome. I personally loved the shrimp taco best. PRICES- 5 starts. Prices range around $3/taco. Amazing deal!Overall, I love this place and will return every chance I get.
4	I was simply craving a fish taco when my husband recommend this new place he drove by the other day.  I love the food and cannot get enough. As such I am willing to pay $4 for a taco. The guacamole alone will keep you coming back night after night. I can not bring myself to eat inside as the facility is cramped and SO LOUD.  We always enjoy our visit on the patio.  I really enjoy the weekday staff, who are so professional and willing to help.
5	The service was amazing Cisco had great energy and table presence. The cevice was fresh the kids meal was amazing and our meal perfect. I recommend joyride 100%
3	Had to wait a longgggggg time to get seated. Then a long time to get menus and a long time to get our food. My husband's burrito was good but mine was just mediocre. The music was super loud and I left with ringing in my ears. Probably won't go back.
5	Five star rating is for the great food:  Baja fish taco, braised beef, and carne asada taco--all great! Chips and salsa also fresh and very good.  Service on the other hand was subpar.  Not bad enough to lose me forever.  Since the food was so good I will give them another shot...just hope service is better this time.
4	Great place. Great food. Great drinks. Great atmosphere.  They start you off with chips and salsa which I can't get enough of because it's all fresh.  I usually order the tacos and really like the chicken tinga, braised beef, crispy fish, and carnita. Carnitas is definitely my favorite and I think it's the most flavorful out of the bunch.  I've had a couple of other things off their menu as well, like one of the burritos and enchilada, and everything was good.  One thing I have to say is if you get the Mexican corn (which is also good) be prepared to have it on the cob, it's not in a cup, which is what I was expecting. I'm also big on mezcal so I always get the Naked and Famous, but ask them to make it extra smoky (i.e. with more mezcal) and it always tastes great. Atmosphere is nice and relaxed and we've always been able to find a bar seat or a table so you rarely have to wait (a huge plus) and service is fast.
5	Chicken tinga tacos rock and the Nachos rock. If you enjoy a ace with a vibe that makes you feel welcome no matter who you are. Fancy even though it's got an awesome taco stand energy. This place is like no other delicious food, world class staff, beer selection for real beer drinkers, love for the masses
4	This place is a trendy and super yummy little place. It reminds me very much of LA and West Hollywood. This is not a good place for large groups... they can put a few tables together on the small patio outside but unless it is one of the few nice days of the year in Arizona, you won't be comfortable. Also, the wait can be really long. Ask them about an app you can download on your phone and you can put your name in at a restaurant and they are one of them. I forgot what it is called. The wait will very likely be 1-2 hours wait on Friday and Saturday nights. Brunch there is fun too though!
5	I had the Ensalada Fila.  It was a delicious salad, and I know my salads!  The others in my party loved their food as well.  Delicious!  I live far away but will come again when I next visit.  It is a fun place with great food and friendly service.  It has a loud atmosphere so not the place for a quiet dinner, but fun and even kid friendly.
5	Great atmosphere, cool design and layout digging the hipster look. The chips and salsa where awesome, salsa had a nice kick and the chips weren't those cheap chips. The highlight of the night was the awesome battered fish taco and shrimp taco and Im not a big fan of seafood, job well done, great flavor with an awesome corn tortilla, also, the carne asada taco was incredibly cooked but i could do without the sweet tasting salsa, however thats just my opinion. Definitely coming back here!
4	First off, I love how open and hipster - looking this restaurant is. The staff is nice. You can spot the manager keep going around checking on customers. Their tacos are great with beautiful presentation. Tortilla soup has a fresh taste with a subtle kick so be careful if you're not good with spicy food. I came during happy hour so I decided to order a fresh pineapple  juice with rum. However, I'm pretty sure they forgot to put rum in there. The manager happened to check on us right then so I told him I didn't really taste the alcohol. Immediately, I watched him making me a new drink at the bar. This time, he made sure he filled the glass with what tasted like 50% rum ;) Great service recovery. Will definitely come back again to try another dish on the menu.
4	bring back the tortas and no one gets hurt!!!!!!
5	The tacos and the black beans here are delicious! they also have extended happy hour from 11-5pm which is fun for lunch!  really cool atmosphere and friendly wait staff!
3	Came with with my girlfriend and our dogs, as there is a large dog-friendly patio.  I loved the location & look of this fun, festive, trendy lil spot. The music was great, lots of Dr. Dre, Snoop, & a whole bunch of other 1990's rap that made me feel like it was 1996 all over again.  Now, the food itself was not super impressive, but there were some items that really stood out.  Personally, I would suggest the chilled ahi-stack,  the cheese y mas, and the Mexican street corn.  As far as drinks, I would go with the frangelico horchata as opposed to a margarita. Pretty good service too.  I'll update review once I try a few more dinner dishes.
4	Really cool place! Very hip and young vibe and environment. The decor was eccentric but modern. The menu was creative Mexican food with a modern twist. The nachos were really good, they used a really good white cheese. The tacos are also pretty good, the shrimp especially are tasty. Friendly helpful staff. The have creative alcoholic drinks and you can add alcohol to their agua frescas.We will for sure  go back.
4	Been going here since they opened.  Really great tacos. My favorites are the shrimp and braised beef. Food is definitely 5 stars but giving it 4 stars because I really wish I had one server when we went. All the servers help out each other which is nice but never quite sure who to ask for something when we need it. Everyone is super friendly and fast. This is definitely a great place to bring family and friends.
5	Five star all the way! Great staff! Very good food! The only thing missing is the beach! Will be back! With the rest of the family. Seems to be a local favorite! I'm sure you'll be able to find something you'll like, and if you don't ask and they probably could accommodate.
5	I've had a lot of fish tacos, and the Crispy Fish taco topped the chart.Recommended: Order 2 crispy fish tacos, one Standard taco, and get your free side order of cucumber orange salad.Atmosphere: 9/10 (good music, out doors, lights)Food: 9/10 (crispy fish and standard taco)Price: 6/10 (little pricey for what you get)Service: 9/10 (they have text alerts for seating!)Good stuff, definitely worth going to.
5	Quickly becoming one of my favorite joints in downtown Gilbert! Joyride has great food with a great vibe. Trio of tacos is a fantastic deal with diner's choice of ten different tacos. My favorite three are shrimp, fish, and braised beef and, since the side dish comes with, the back beans. I suggest eating at the bar. The bartenders make it a fun experience with their service and making sure the right games are on. In the booth, it's perfect for get togethers! Side note - the old school early 90's hip hop that happened to be playing was the cherry on top. On a final note, to the owner of Joyride, your manager is absolutely fantastic. He is epitome of the Joyride customer experience and his staff follows his lead. My server accidentally forgot my dish and he made sure to come by, apologize, thank me for my understanding and ask what dessert he could bring the table to make up for it. The pudding. The answer is always, "The pudding."
5	Everything we had was excellent. Great flavors, reasonably priced, and not too heavy. Will be coming back for sure.
3	I also wanted to write a great review of this place. Especially when they opened the sliding doors and it was such a great night. First of all i remember all too well the old saying "if its too loud, your too old"! Yep, im too old. Perhaps its because its partly a bar but i really don't want to eat with really loud music. I'll drink with really loud music. But i don't want agita! ( thats my old Italian lady word). Off the bat the chips were way salty. That may just be me. Im kind of salt sensitive. I was excited for the tomatillo salsa since its not easy to get. Disappointed, it was bland and had an off taste. My daughter had 2 tacos. One beef, one pork. She downed them both. Preferring the pork. They looked great. I had the tamales with rice and veggies. The rice was bland but i was starving. The veggies standard but tasty. The tamale was extremely tasty and saved the meal for me. Also, the staff was easy going, not rushed and ver accommodating.
1	Wow, what a bad experience.   We ate here back in July and loved it.   This time it was totally different.   Flies filled the restaurant, the taco meat was fatty and the salads were wilted.   Luckily the manager, Daniel, dropped the bill, but they need to make some changes.
5	They have a great lunch special- 2 tacos & either a generous portion of soup or salad. The crispy fish and the shrimp tacos are very yummy!
5	I absolutely love this place! Their carne asada tacos with avocado were super delicious! The wait staff was attentive and helpful. But really, the best part... they played 90s music the entire time I was there and I seriously didn't want to leave!
4	Great tacos and street corn.  It's always packed and it's super loud.  But good service and good food.
4	The food is AMAZING! The drinks are unique and fresh and the atmosphere has a California cool meets hipster vibe. We love this place and it's located in the heart of downtown Gilbert. The service is the only thing we haven't had good luck with, but we keep going back because the food is just that good.
5	Can't talk, stuffing face! Nachos are outrageous! This is my 5th "ride" and have yet to be disappointed. Service has always been top notch, soup excellent, burros rock and the tacos... ahhh, the tacos.
5	Wonderful trendy place!  Food is sooooo fresh and so good tasting!  Highly recommend for lunch or dinner!
2	This place is a hotspot for hipsters.  I went there a year ago on a date because she was a big fan of Mexican food, as am I.  She ordered a burrito and I got three tacos: 2 fish and 1 carne asada.  We also got the almond horchata.  The food was incredibly forgettable.  It wasn't spicy or flavorful in any way.  The presentation was great but who cares if the food is bland.  We were both very disappointed in the food as well as the horchata.  I got the feeling that this place was so busy creating a hipster-friendly environment that they forgot to worry about their food.  Overall, the place had a cool look, friendly service, and the prices weren't terrible but I'm never going back simply because the food was not that good.  I'll be hitting up Joe's BBQ across the street if I'm ever in the neighborhood again.
2	Excellent ambiance, not so flavorful meats.  Definitely a place to go for happy hour, but not tacos.  And not the grilled corn.  No good.  Sorry guys.
4	I absolutely love Joy Ride.The atmosphere of the restaurant is great and the food is even better. I typically go in on the weekends and sometimes we have to wait a little bit to be seated but it is worth it.The chips and salsa are amazing, and normally I go for the tacos. Crispy Fish is my favorite. Tortillas, batter, and sauces are so yummy.My only complaint is that sometimes with their style of service (you don't have one particular server, they all kind of split zones and help out), you end up telling multiple people "No, I don't need another refill" or whatever the case is. But all in all, wonderful!
5	The tacos are tiny, but they get you full really fast, excellent service and very nice staff, Taylor was our waitress she was very nice and helpful, she was explaining the menu, and was very excited to serve us.
4	Downtown Gilbert is trying to step up their game with all these new places to eat. if tacos are your thing Joyride is a great place to go. They have a taco for everyone and are happy to make a taco any way you want it. My fav is the shrimp and my hubs was the braised beef. The tortilla soup was delish. Nice atmosphere, clean, but service was a bit slow and I was confused about who my server was. Two nice outdoor patios. Ill go back....I like tacos.
4	Food is great! Service is awesome. Loved their burrito and the constant free refills. Pricing is a little steep though. Still, recommended!
3	Hip atmosphere, hip employees, hip music, hip location, mediocre food at Rockefeller prices.  Meh.
2	I give the place 2 stars total.  The place gets 5 stars for the atmosphere.  It's a good spot to meet people or take a date.  There is music playing and after awhile it starts to get a little loud.  The place was busy on a Thursday night.  The whole area was busy, gilbert is making their own little busy down town.The food I give a 1 star.  The taste was ok but for the price it should have been better.  The beef had some fatty stuff.  The chicken and pork was ok.  The waitress bragged about the tacos and that they made the tortillas in house.  The tortillas were soft on the inside and edges were dehydrated.  The horchata was not that great, too much cinnamon. The bill for 2 of us was $40 which i thought was over priced.   I will not be going back.
4	Off work an hour early and want to hang out?  Hip little open-air Mexican joint, is a solid choice.  Clean, fun, patio vibe with great beer pitcher prices and good beer on tap. If you're going for just food, you can do a lot better.  If you're intent is to unwind and graze, very solid choice. Did I mention their happy hour beer prices are awesome?
5	Joy ride never disappoints! Great atmosphere, phenomenal food, and great drinks! On Saturdays they are in happy hour during the lunch hour, and the five dollar frescas are a must (the cucumber mint is my favorite!) The service is always friendly and fast, and the waiting area is a beautiful patio. We all got the tacos and loved them! Highly recommend the crispy fish :-)
2	Don't buy into to the hype! Everything we tried was bad. I did the 3 tacos with a free side. I tried the carne asada, crispy fish, and carnitas taco with a side of pinto beans. My wife had the Beast burrito. The crispy fish was over cooked. The fish was dry and the batter coating was about 2 seconds shy of being burnt. The carne asada was not edible. It was literally nothing but 2 strips of fat and gristle. The carnitas taco was actually braised beef because they brought the wrong one. That was the only decent taco, however.  My wife had the same issue with fat and gristle in her burrito but she did have some edible pieces of meat in there.  The burrito was very wet and soggy, not appealing attributes of a burrito. Not only was the food bad, the tacos were very small for the price. You can go to almost any other restaurant and get a taco twice the size and twice the flavor for half the cost.  There was a comment card left with the bill so my wife filled it out and listed a few of the points listed above.  As we were leaving, my wife stopped by the restroom and I waited outside.  The manager then came out of the restaurant and confronted me with an almost hostile manner said, "so you didn't like the food, huh?"  I explained many of the reasons.  He made excuses and gave me 2 coupons for 3 free tacos each. I already tried half their taco menu and was not impressed with any of them so I doubt we will be back.
5	Probably my favorite place in Gilbert. $5 pitchers of awesome beer during the day every day! Their carne asada is ridiculous. I usually get the beast burrito or a carne asada quesadilla, but everything I've ever had was amazing. Great service too!
2	I love love love the ambiance of the restaurant. It is fun and funky, great youth for Gilbert! The margaritas are great and you can't really mess up chips and salsa!Having worked in restaurants for 6 years, I have probably sent food back less than 5 times in my life. Joyride would be one of those times. Very bland carne asada. Management was great in offering me something else and giving me coupons for my next visit - I really appreciate the customer service. So basically, I will go back, but I will stick to drinks and apps :)
3	I have eaten here several times and from what I've seen, the experience at Joyride is consistent. So the positives are the atmosphere, service, and drinks. Whoever designed this place did a really great job at creating a hipster environment that is also really comfortable. There is a great outdoor seating area and all of the design choices are happy and pleasant. Service has also always been friendly and efficient. The other major upside is the drinks, which are well made, creative, and delicious. They have a nice nonalcoholic selection as well. The major downfall at Joyride is unfortunately the food. It isn't awful, but it's just not very good. I have had a variety of tacos, the torta, and some forgettable huevos rancheros type thing and none of it has been any good. I mean, it's edible, but it just falls so flat in flavor. Pretty much everything needs more salt and spice. Even the salsas are really quite bland. If they improved the food situation, this place would be five stars, no question. As it is though, I'd stick with drinks and eat at any one of the other more delicious choices within walking distance of Joyride.
5	What to try: Cucumber Serrano cocktail, crispy fish taco, chicken burrito with the veggie medley, veggie taco (weird, I know), and the beet salad! Awesome lunch special: 3 tacos and half salad under $10. $5 cocktails every day until 5pm.The one pitfall: although the complimentary salsa is decent it lacks spice. I like spicy and I think it's ridiculous I have to pay extra to kick it up a notch at a Mexican restaurant.
4	Solid!   Great cocktails, great service for our large group of 7, good food and good atmosphere!We had a blast!
2	My friends have been hyping this place up so I tried it today on a business lunch. I liked the atmosphere. The music and the open feel we nice, and the service was very good. Food came out fast as well. That's about where it ends. I had 3 different tacos, two of which I would probably never order again, with the third being just ok. The chips and salsa were not that good and the rice was average. I think if you wanna go somewhere uber-trendy and way over-pay for tacos that are not that good and are definitely not Mexican food, then this is the place for you.
5	Great nachos!  They're big.  Great grilled Mahi tacos and the house made vanilla pudding is the bomb! Atmosphere on a Sunday afternoon was relaxed and the service is at the top.  We'll definitely will be back.
4	Enjoyed a nice lunch here with friends when I was in Gilbert on a recent weekend. We just walked up. No reservations. We waited just a short time (maybe 5 mins) for our table out on the patio for 9 to be set up. Service from the hostess to our server and the countless others that either brought our orders or refilled our drinks was friendly. They have a lot of young college-aged staff and I thought their customer service was excellent.chips and salsa on the table as soon as you sit down... I went with a pineapple agua fresca. it was refreshing. kinda perfect on a warm day. I ordered the 3 taco combo. I went with pork adobada, crispy fish and braised beef. The pork adobada was deliciously guajillo simmered pork served with cabbage, radishes & onions. no cilantro for me in any of these orders. it was a real good taco especially with all the handmade tortillas. the crispy fish taco was excellent, it was a white fish beer battered & fried and served with guacamole, slaw in a white flour tortilla. yumm. the braised beef was served with avocado, cabbage, radish and onions. it was also very tasty. i was happy with all that i had ordered. my order came with a side and i went with the tomato rice but i found it to be a bit lacking in flavor. that was the only downer. everything else was great. we celebrated my nephew's 15th birthday at joy ride and we ordered him a caramel brownie. i didnt have any but it looked great. im sure it was as delicious as advertised... i look forward to eating here next time i'm in town.
2	The food and service are very good.  If the prices were about half of what they charge, I would give it 4 or 5 stars.  But, street tacos just shouldn't cost this much.  Last time there I had the chicken mole plate.  It was way too sweet for my taste.
4	Chill atmosphere, cold beer, tasty tacos. "The Standard" is my personal favorite. And the rice..... be sure to get the rice!
2	I went in with some girlfriends on Friday night, we sat down at about 9:45pm and ordered a couple margarita's which were good and tasty. Unfortunately, that was the only good thing.  The female  wait staff all seemed like they were on drugs, just odd behavior and super fast and twitchy.  We ordered some tacos which were at best bland and really nothing to write home about.  The beans were good and the chips weren't bad.  It was also odd that the wait staff was using a table in the restaurant as their personal dining table.  Although it was winding down, it just seemed unprofessional.  I live downtown and won't be going back, So-Cal Fish Taco has way better food and service.
5	Great tacos. Hot looking customers. Great atmosphere.The staff went out if their way to please, I even got the phone number of our server... score!
5	Service was amazing. The Standard taco was meh but all other tacos are worth coming back. Oh yeah, the blood orange margarita alone is worth coming back.
3	Great Bloody Mary...nice and clean place.fish tacos not so great.rice was mush and bla.if your just having drinks great food not so much. Very nice workers.
2	I've been here enough times to say that this is a perfectly fine place to hang out. The service is great, the restaurant is actually very nicely designed, from what I've heard the cocktails are pretty delicious, and refills on chips are free. That said, I have never enjoyed the food. I've had a chimichanga, tamales, and a couple of different side items, all of which I felt either lacked flavor or were more money than they were worth. The cheese and chorizo side is good if you don't mind spending $9 on queso dip, but the beans, tamales, and burritos I've had have inspired a resounding "meh" in me.Taking on the moniker of a taco house was an ambitious move in a city like Phoenix. If they called themselves "Mod Living Room with Patio, Cocktails and Chips," I would find the branding more honest.
4	Atmosphere is great, good music, friendly and very attentive staff. Our waitress was always right there to refill our drinks when they got low. Over all great customer service. I believe something I ate there was either bad or I had a reaction because the whole next day I was puking... However I can't fully blame them cus I ate other things that day too . Would try again
4	I've been here on several occasions and I've always enjoyed the experience. The outdoor area looks like it's current under construction, but if it remains pretty similar, it's an ideal place to hang out and catch up with friends. Inside is a little loud with music. I usually get the tacos but friends have always liked their food too. The churros and the agua frescas are amazing!
3	Round 2 this time for dinner. Realizing all these local Gilbert restaurants do not take reservations is a huge turn off for us. 6:30, and it was a 45 minute wait for a party of 2 and honestly the managing of the table space is ridiculous...sitting 2 people in a huge booth for easily 6. Badly designed, bad seating management.The food as I had reviewed before was really good, service was excellent. The $8 Citrus Vodka was so weak (not worth the calories). The basic margaritas were excellent. We had the Guacamole and Chips, 3 Taco platter with a side, and The Beast burritos w/no sauce.If we came again for dinner I would either advice eating earlier (then I feel like an early bird "snow bird") or coming late late.
4	we honestly stopped in because postino was super packed.. so it was kind of a back up plan.  but definitely happy we stopped by.joyride is super cute.  the decor is fun & the atmosphere is upbeat.  i had to try a mazatlan mule, which ended up being delicious.   we snacked on the chips and salsa & cheese y mas.  the cheese dip was ok.  but the street corn was amazing.i'll definitely come back to try some of the entrees & more booze. :)
4	Finally tried this place after eyeing it for months! I loved the drinks and the tacos are pretty good. We ordered carne asada,fish and shrimp tacos and my friend got the tamales plate that came with beans on the side and some veggies. The tacos were good a little pricey but other than that good! My friend said the beans were kind of bland and the veggies didn't really go with the plate but she enjoyed her tamales. So over all this place is good the drinks are awesome and the vibe is trendy and chill. I'll be going again for round 2 going to give it another try!
5	Great spot in downtown gilbert.I always sit outside. I like their burritos. Great chips and salsa and they keep them coming which is how it should be.
5	This is quite a charming place in Downtown Gilbert. Great food, atmosphere, and service; what more can you ask for?
3	pros: almond horchata was good, as was the strawberry agua fresca, nice atmosphere with indoor/outdoor seating. free chips/salsa, manager stopped by to check up, carne asada was the best of the 3 I tried.cons: tacos were small, one very sloppy/greasy, didn't like the flavor of the adobado one, waitress seemed snobby
5	This place always has a long line, but the wait is worth it!We come here a few times a year, including the last two years for my birthday. I'm never disappointed. The food is incredible, the servers are always delightful and the ambiance is top notch. My husband and I always share The Bandit plate, which is enough food for both of us AND for lunch the next day. The guacamole, which you can order as an appetizer with chips, is also to die for and is a must every time we go.Yum!
5	Great dining experience! Tacos were tasty, try the baja fish. The beast burrito was excellent and their carne asada had a ton of flavor. $5 pitchers never hurt anybody's feelings and the mos def dessert (vanilla pudding graham cracker, carmel, walnut miracle) was a solid finish. Friendly staff, enjoyable atmosphere, nice patio and really good music. Awesome visit, thank you Richard and Valerie, we will be back soon.
4	Some of the BEST Spanish Rice I've ever had - usually not a fan of it in general, but tried it here, and LOVED it. Tacos are good as well, lots of options. Recommend getting several kinds, including the baja taco.
3	I wanted to like this place more. The food was just ok. We all liked the guacamole but the tacos were nothing special and the rice that came with it was gross. How can a taco house have bad rice? The location is great.Our server was friendly but not attentive and we ended up waiting a LONG while for our bill. I'll just sum it up and say we won't be back.
4	Such fantastic service here. The staff works as a collaborative group and np drink is left behind. Love the modern ambiance and local art on the walls. Cannot beat th Wie happy hour specials either!
5	Never had bad service Tacos have all been great.. Tried most Mexican 75 is the best margarita House salsa is yummy
4	Side note: I NEVER come to this part of Gilbert (don't live close by), but there's a cute few blocks of restaurants & I'd definitely venture out here again to try some other places. End aside...I met a friend here for HH and really like it! It was on a Tuesday which meant "Taco Tuesday (all tacos are $2 each)." I had a crispy fish taco, that was good. The breading was crispy & the slaw that was on it was crisp as well. I also had a carne asada taco. The meat was a little dry, but it was still very good. We also had chips & salsa, and honestly all of this would have been a good meal. The tacos are pretty decently sized. However, since it was HH I ordered a quesadilla as well (intending to split it) and it was HUGE. It was thick, full of a ton of cheese, and was yummy. During HH Joyride does certain apps for $4 (the quesadilla was one of these) & $6. I saw a lot of people were ordering nachos & the platter they were served looked HUGE! I ordered a couple margs as well. I started w/a prickly pear even though I generally don't like flavored margaritas. Honestly, it was a bit sweet but still good. I also got a regular marg. It didn't stand out it in any way, but it was still good. The service at Joyride was good, as well. I'll come back!
3	Joyride is a fun, chic place and a good place to socialize and get a drink with friends. Staff is always friendly, but food isn't anything to rave about and a little overpriced imo. Like the veggie tacos and the churro a with chocolate sauce for dessert.
4	Order the nachos, they are some of the best I have every had!  The agua fescas are delicious!
4	First off I would like to say if you haven't been to downtown Gilbert in a while you need to. It has become a hip little restaurant row.  A few years ago I moved away from Arizona to foodie heaven a.k.a. Portland, OR. Being from Arizona originally I would have to say that the one thing Portland cannot seem to replicate correctly is Mexican food. So coming back to visit tacos are an essential must eat. A friend suggested we head over to Joyride Tacos and I'm sure glad she did. Every sip and bite was delicious! They had both a front and back patio with plenty of seating. Being a beautiful sunny, 70 degree day we choose to sit out front. While I was waiting for my guest, the waiter promptly brought out chips and salsa, then took my drink order. They have about 6 aqua frescas to choose from which you can get with or without alcohol. I choose the almond horchata, oh man was it good! They serve it with a little bit of ground cinnamon sugar and nuts on top and that gives it an amazing texture. The chips were crisp and tasted like they had been fried fresh that morning. The salsa was spicy yet fresh. So don't be afraid to dig in just because you can't handle heat. When my friend arrived we ordered a couple tacos each. I got both a chicken and shredded beef taco, both came with and assortment of cheese and veggies on top, including avocado. I ate my chicken taco first which was very tasty, but the beef taco was by far superb. You could literally taste the smokey goodness in every bite of the taco and the creamy avocado was a perfect accent to the meat. Oh and because the two of us ordered more then 3 tacos we received a free side dish! We choose the black beans and they were better then any black beans I have ever had before. Overall I will be heading back to Joyride Tacos at least once every trip back to AZ!
3	The service at the bar was horrible, my boyfriend and I stood there for about 15 minutes without anyone saying we will be with you in a moment, then we saw them pour about 5 beers all with a bunch of foam in them. Once we sat down at the table service was a lot better, the margaritas were really good, the tacos were just alright. I had the tamales, which were delicious.
4	Taco Tuesdays is where it's at.  $2 for most tacos here after 2pm on Tuesdays (and $5 margaritas!).  I've moved out of Arizona but come back once or twice a year to visit the family.  It's really incredible how downtown Gilbert has expanded and modernized to accommodate so many new businesses.  People actually come here to eat now :o.  It's also awesome to see that the space that Postino and Joyride in is now finally home to a successful business.Joyride has delicious Tex-Mex style tacos (my favs so far are the carne asada and the standard), and great service.  The staff is always friendly, and the space is nice and open.  I love how the setup lets you simultaneously eat, watch TV, and take in all that downtown Gilbert has to offer.
