4	good food-good drinks-good atmosphere-always a little iffy on the service but they treat you like family, right?? a must try!!this is a real no-brainersuperb, hot & tasty. the sauces were perfect. the chicken was crisp & juicy. the meatballs were savory & cooked to perfection. the salad & breadsticks as always were tops!!
5	Fine service. Fine menu. Fine wine. What's wrong with this place? Nothing! Nothing's wrong with this place!^^^ the story is short. Debate at will about the authenticity of their developed menu, but I'm satisfied with the quality, price, and service of this chain restaurant. The same holding company that owns Olive Garden owns Red Lobster, and frankly there is a pretty darn good training program going on here. The fact is: it is hard to find good service in Las Vegas. Olive Garden has been going strong all across America for over 15 years to my recollection as a very impressive service-oriented restaurant serving classic italian recipes and pretty darn good wine!This is a good place for everyone! Senior citizens, college kids on a date, and families just in for the weekend. As a matter of fact, that describes the people around my table as I ate there. Look, the parking lot was almost full when I arrived and it was even fuller when I left and I got really good service! That counts for a lot. TONS of teamwork going on here and procedurally strong training keeps their staff top notch.Ok, Capo's this restaurant is not, but at least (like Capo's) they know what "Medium Rare" means....Very rich, authentic Italian recipes from my experience living in Europe. Clean restrooms too. Motivated staff. What more can you ask for (besides a discount)!
4	Pretty good. Friendly staff with good food. Fun for birthday parties. Nice atmosphere. Well-priced and convienently located.
4	Olive Garden is one of my favorite places for lunch; it's unfortunate that I'm not able to dine here often on weekdays due to it being far from my work.  Whenever I am able to eat here, though, I always get the same thing:Soup, Salad & Breadsticks(Unlimited refills!)Our garden-fresh salad, choice of homemade soup and warm garlic breadsticks.Available until 4 p.m. daily at this special price.7.95And for my soup I always get:Chicken & GnocchiA creamy soup made with roasted chicken, traditional Italian dumplings and spinach.This pairing makes my tummy very happy.  The salad always seems fresh and crisp, and I'm in love with their tomatoes.  The breadsticks are delicious and CONSISTENT!  I always know what to expect.  And lastly, the chicken and gnocchi soup is light for your stomach but full of flavor.  I can't just have one bowl of soup!  Two is plenty, and three bowls, well, I'll be falling asleep at my desk back at the office!  And to finish off your meal, your check is brought to you with a tasty Andes mint.  Now maybe it's due to the fact that my order is always pretty simple, but I've never had bad service here.  Servers are top notch and keep my soup bowl replenished and my drinks full.  Four stars easily for lunch.
4	gotta love the O.G.! came here the other night for dinner with my roomie because we were craving some breadsticks. great menu, great service. they had a lot of new items on the menu too. i had the seafood brodetta, which was kind of like chopino without the crab. it was good, definitely different from the usual pasta dishes. they were also giving out samples of the lambrusca wine....dangerous. this stuff tastes like grape juice! obviously i had to have a glass with my meal. =P who cares if this place is a chain? i still love it!
5	We came here from out of town for dinner with our three kids.  The server was very friendly and attentive.  Upon delivering our dishes I was brought the wrong dish.  The server was very apologetic about the mix up and went to fix the order.  This mix up actually gave me the time to split my kids meals and let me finish my salad peacefully.  Minutes later the server returns with the kitchen manager (I think) and the manager apologizes for the inconvenience and gives me my dish on the house.  WOW now that's excellent customer service without me even expecting or asking for that.  Job well done Olive Garden!!!!!
4	I can not remember the last time that I have been to an Olive Garden ~ probably 2004 or so ~ definitely before I was married..  Driving home from the grocery store, we decided to swing on in and have dinner at the old Olive Garden.  Parking was packed.  And, we were about 8 couples behind on the wait list.  After waiting for about 30 minutes, we were finally seated.  I love the way the O-Garden is laid out - very spacious, wall colors are calm, and lighting is perfect.Our waiter - despite being really busy, spent the necessary time with us.  Took our drink, appetizers, and meal orders promptly.Once he brought us our drinks, he also brought our yummy garlic bread sticks and chilled salad.  Now, I love the Bread Sticks here.  They seemed to be soaked in Garlic (yum yum yum) and are warm.  By the way, because of the "heavy" garlic, you might experience some uncomfortable gas feeling at night... lol... pop in some GAS X before you head to bed.  Your partner would appreciate it... hee hee.  back to dinner... I must say the O-Garden have the bread delivery right.  I hate restaurants where the bread are HARD and difficult to bite into... Soft warm bread is the way to go.  As for the salad, it was perfect.  Dressing was light and ideal.We ordered the Mussels as an appetizers.  Since we were hungry, the mussels were consumed within minutes.  Very good.  By the way, we took our Breadsticks and dipped it in the mussel butter sauce.   All I can say is "Ummm Ummmm Ummm!!"  Honestly, if we had to do it over again, we probably cut back on the bread... we kinda finished two basket full before our meal.  So, we were about 70% full before our entrees were even served.  Note to self, save some bread to take home (by the way, our waiter still got us some extra bread for our drive home too!  yeh yeh yeh!)For our entrees, my wife ordered the Seafood Mari (can't remember the exact name) and I ordered the Chianti Braise Ribs.  Both dishes were truly good.  Her Mari was perfectly seasoned and had the right mixture of seafood.  And, the red orange sauce was not too tangy and did not overpower the dish.As for my meal, my ribs were very tender.  I could cut it with a spoon.  My pet peeve with the meat was that the Chianti was a bit too strong and sweet.  They should have used a less potent Ruby Port wine or Chianti.  I did not really like the "wet" brown rice that they served with string beans on top.  It looked kinda dirty and unorganized.  It looked like it was "slopped" on.  I would prefer instead a clean pasta center piece with a mixture of color veggies (bell peppers, string beans, potatoes, etc..).  Needless to say, I did not care too much for the rice.For two, drinks, with one appetizer, two entrees, salad, and "complimentary" break sticks, the bill comes to about $55 bucks.  Not bad.  Add in the 20% tip, and it runs up to $65 or so for two people.Overall, it was a pleasant experience.  It is a nice change-up from all the Asian restaurants that my wife always want to go to.Cheers and enjoy.
4	I love Olive Garden! It was so awesome to go and eat there, because I just love the food there. The only think that I didn't like about this Olive Garden was the service. We were put into a dark little corner (which could be romantic I guess) but I think that is a place where the waiter forgets about you a lot. It took a rather long time to get the food, because while I was waiting I must have ate all my bread and salad I was full by the time my entree came.  I loved the food, but I think the price for their wines is overrated.
3	When I want something light, tasty, healthy and with good surrounding and friendly services, I come here and get their unlimited Salad.  I have tried their other things, but this is the only one that stands out.
5	The Olive Garden is the only thing I truly believe that every state should have dozens of. We could use less Jamba Juice stores, we could use less 7-11's but we can not survive without multiple Olive Gardens.And that might seem like an odd statement seeing as how I live in Hawaii where have no Olive Gardens at all. So if I just stated that we can't survive without one, why am I still alive?Well, I live off of hope. Hope that one day I'll get to eat at Olive Garden again. Hope that I'll indulge myself in the breadsticks, salad and soup.Thankfully in my most recent trip to Las Vegas, I was able to take my gf to Olive Garden. We were seated after a short wait and it was game time baby! Before we knew it we had breadsticks and salad on the table. I ordered up some of the chicken and gnocchi soup. The breadsticks were perfect as they always are. And the soup? The soup was awesome. Nice pieces of roasted chicken with small dumplings full of flavor. I added some pepper and it went very nicely with the spinach. It was all very satisfying.For my entree I had the parmesan crusted steak. It came with mashed potatoes and it tasted like a small piece of heaven. She had shrimp over linguini and that too was also full of flavor.There were a few hiccups on the service side. I was supposed to get unlimited refills on my strawberry tea but instead she filled it with regular tea. Our server also said that she'd bring us more bread but she didn't. By that time we were full anyways so it didn't really matter.Please oh please god of Olive Garden.. please see fit to bless us with one of these in Hawaii?
4	It's Olive Garden. You get what you get and that is consistency.
2	Second time eating at this location. The first time--maybe the cook is having a bad day. Second time-ah, sh!tty cook again?  Maybe the third time will be a charm? Cant go wrong with the salad--yummers!  Love the frozen Bellinis!!
5	Sometimes big brand companies start to lose their favor and prices get crazy. However, that has never been with Olive Garden! I don't visit much, but when I do, I always try something new and never have a frown on my face. It's so hard selecting only one meal on the menu since I always see many I like and haven't tried. They had this new drink, Strawberry-Mango Limonata, and it had real strawberries floating in it. It tasted soo good. I was eager to order another one! The beverage was only 3.50, and you got a lot of it. After goggling at the menu for what seemed like forever, I chose the Lasagna Rollata al Forno. I ate some salad and ate all my breadsticks while waiting. I had to request more with my meal seeing that they always have the best breadsticks and you can't get enough!When the plate came out, my first thought was "That's it?" It looked so small and not filling at all. Once I started eating though, that thought changed. It filled you up just right and the food was astonishing.I can't wait to go back! I love Italian food!
4	This was the first Olive Garden I ate at! Hooray for me! Being from Hawaii, I wanted to eat at an Olive Garden forever! It was so new and exciting for me and my friends, we decided to eat there twice on our vacation in Vegas! I know, it's just an Olive Garden, but I thought the food was tasty and plentiful, wine selection was great and the service was amazing, our server kept on coming back to our table and serving us more of their sample wine, score!The salad and bread sticks was everything I had imagined from the commercials, the pasta was cooked perfectly and we left stuffed and kinda buzzed.
5	I was driving to buca di beppo to have dinner with my friend when I spotted the olive garden on the way. We were kind of hungry so we decided to eat here instead, even tough we were thinking that it wouldn't be as good. there was only one couple ahead of us so the wait was minimal. We were seated and the waitress offered us to try some chardonnay which I ended up getting a glass. We ordered the appetizer sampler with calamari, stuffed mushrooms and fried zucchini which was very good! For our entree we got the grilled shrimp caprese and the seafood portofino. Both with salads and both were very good. With all that food, salads breadsticks and pasta we had to ask for a doggie bag.Everything was good from atmosphere, service, food,and the check wasn't as big as I was planning to spend so that was a plus!I really recommend this place.! Sorry there's nothing funny in this review, This is only my most honest opinion.
4	This Olive garden was good, I came here for my now 2 year olds b'day (I know if she could talk she probably wouldn't want to eat here, it's just an excuse for me to pig out hehe.) I hadn't eaten at one in a long time, there prices seem to have sky rocketed and servings are a bit smaller. The Salad, is still delicious, thier bread sticks where lagging it and salty, I remeber them being much better. The only negative thing was... That although I had a good waitress she was sloow... so I pretty much filled up on the salad and bread sticks. I had the Chicken and Shrimp Cabanero, I took a few bites and took it for leftovers... when I did eat it the next day, it was pretty good, ain't gonna lie.
4	Great service, super nice managerial staff, and supurb food.We went one Saturday night for a belated birthday dinner. After a 15 minute wait (no reservation so to be expected) we were seated. The waiter we had was shockly good! He was formal and poliet, he did not try to act like we were his best friends but that he was providing a service to us. His manners were outstanding. The food was made perfectly and our order came in exactally how we ordered it. We got the mozzerella cheese fonda as our appitizer. We split a chicken alfredo dish, which they separated for us as our main course with salad and soup. We finished the meal with dessert, white rasberry cheesecake. At the end of our meal the manager came to our table to ask how everything was. We of course let him know the service was great!
4	This restaurant is wonderful. It is a great place for friends & family with a great environment. Their staff is great. They have been very friendly every time I have visited so far. First off, their drink selection is amazing. There are many to choose from. The Bellini peach-raspberry ice tea is my favorite from the list of non-alcoholic drinks they serve. They also serve beer, special cocktails and a selection of wines. My favorite alcoholic drink would be the moscato for white wine & lambrusco for the red wine. There has never been a time when I wouldn't enjoy my trip to Olive Garden without having at least 2 of my favorite drinks!The food. My favorite part. If I were to order off the menu and not order a special, I would go with the shrimp & scallop fettuccini alfredo. I love seafood in my pasta. Olive Garden was actually the first place I have ever tried scallops in my life and I enjoy the taste of it. The other thing I like to order is the Soup Salad & Breadsticks with unlimited refills for only $7.95 for lunch! Nothing can top that! Plus their breadsticks are the best in the whole world!!!They have an amazing special going on right now. The never ending pasta bowl is an amazing deal, yet I dont think I could eat so much pasta in one sitting. I recommend someone with a big appetite to order that. Overall, it is a great place to enjoy a meal that will satisfy your taste buds with your favorite company.
4	After several bad experiences this was a nice break.  Thanks to Catharine our server who was very attentive and quick to check on us often!  A big smile and friendly attitude is always nice thanks.  I tried the apricot chicken low fat meal and was pleasantly surprised, it was still of flavor and enough to fulfill my appetite.
2	i hadnt eaten at olive garden for a long time at least 10 years and i ate at one in cali...but anyways i had sat on this gift card for a long time and finally decided to use it...i give one star for my fiances food and two stars for the great service but have to knock one off for how sick i got after eating there. But our waitress was fantastic.
3	I enjoy the food, but it is definitely a chain restaurant experience.  I always order the endless soup & salad with bread sticks.  Plenty of parking.  The place is usually busy, but I never have a problem getting seated quickly.  The service was a little slow today.  The waitress was not lazy, they were just slightly understaffed.  The salad is fresh.  Not spectacular, but okay.  I like the grated cheese on top.  They have a variety of soups to choose from: Chicken & Gnocchi, Minestrone, Zuppa Tuscana, etc.  I like the Chicken & Gnocchi the best.  It has chicken and dumplings in a creamy sauce.  My second favorite is the Zuppa Tuscana, which has potatoes, sausage, and kale in a creamy sauce.  The bread sticks are warm, buttered, and soft in the middle.  The best part of this meal is dipping the bread sticks in the Chicken & Gnocchi.  For my waistline, I wish they would put a limit on how many bread sticks they let each person eat.  ha ha ha.  Not my favorite place to go eat, but I find myself here often and always enjoy it.  Seems like a safe bet if you are unsure of your eating companion's preferences.
1	The last time I had eaten at the Olive Garden was in January of 2011 at this same location.  I took a friend of mine from out of town as she had never eaten there as I was raving about their bottomless salads.  We both ordered a shrimp and pasta dish.  When they brought the food out and placed it in front of us, I could tell immediately that something was wrong.  The shrimp looked like it had been cooked some while before and then just mixed in with the pasta and sauce to cover.  Before I even took a taste, I knew that shrimp was going to taste rubbery!  And boy did it.  To top it off, I found nose hairs as I got 1/4 of a way through it on one of the noodles.  I signaled to the waitress who came over and looked at it also. She didn't even argue with me; those were definitely some dirty cooks nose hairs.  So she asked me if I wanted something else to which I replied, "No, I've lost my appetite."  Next, the manager came over to apologize which I thought was a nice gesture.  Thinking it was just a fluke, I took a client this time over to this same Olive Garden last week which was almost a year to the date later.  I ordered the salad and an appetizer.  She ordered the spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread.  I couldn't believe it when she showed me what she had found mixed in with her spaghetti; yes, she was holding up a long string of spaghetti with a long brown head hair hanging from the fork.  That did it; I felt like throwing up on the spot triggering at that moment my memory of those nose hairs last year on MY pasta. I don't know what is going on in those kitchens over there, but that is it for me!  I'm done with this place!  This just tells me that there is no oversight as to what is going on in those kitchens over there. Yuk! The health department needs to take a really close look in these restaurant kitchens as to how the help is handling their personal hygiene when working with food served to the public.
3	Great price with generous portions.
1	Recently took my mother there for her birthday. We both ordered the unlimited soup, salad, and bread sticks. Every time I visit an Olive Garden, I always get the same thing and have never had a problem. I guess this would teach me to never take anything for granted because I ended up getting this hard piece of something plastic in my soup. Didn't notice it at first because I had dropped a piece of light lettuce in my soup so I figured it was just that until I put it in my mouth! I promptly told the waiter who took it away and then came back asking if the manager came over yet. He didn't. About 5 minutes later, the manager came over and apologized and walked away. I then heard him offer a free meal to a customer behind me who received red peppers on their meal when they ordered it red pepper free.Red peppers....when I got plastic! Horrible service! I do love the Olive Garden, though.... but I won't be back at this one anytime soon.
4	Being from Hawaii and not having any Olive Gardens here, I always wanted to try one. (thanks to all the commericals) Well my first impression when I walked in was that the restaurant was alil dingy. The feeling and atmosphere wasnt what I expected. I thought it would have more of an upbeat feel to it, like Outback Steak House, Ruby Tuesday's, Apple Bees etc. but once I got pass the quiet, old atmosphere and ate the food, it was so worth it. I had the Capelini Pomodoro which was good, it was $11.75 which included soup or salad. I took the soup and it was great. My mom had the Venetian Apricot Chicken and she said it was excellent and my sister had the Stuffed Chicken Marsala which she loved. I also had a non alcoholic drink Pomegranate Limetta which was superb. The food taste, quality and price will have me going back whenever I'm in Vegas. I gave it a 4 star not a 5 only because our server NATALIA had alil attitude problem. My sister told me the last time they were there, they also had her and had issues. So aside from our server who needs to check her attiude, be more attentive, and learn her menu and act as if she likes her job, I LOVED OLIVE GARDEN!!P.S. oh the bread sticks were great too! =)
4	To end spring break, my friend and I decided to mellow down at an ambiant place besides Sambalatte - our usual hangout. Upon entering Olive Garden, we knew we made the right choice. There was an almost traditional and classy touch to the restaurant that made it very accomodating for groups small or large, families, dates and children. Our server was really nice. She started us off with salad and breadsticks - they came with our entrees apparently. I then ordered the Five Cheese Ziti Al Forno and by the time we were done, I was stuffed! If we had known the portions were that big, maybe we would've reconsidered sharing. Nonetheless, it was a very fulfilling experience and I highly recommend the place!
2	Been here before for dinner and had a good experience. But this time for lunch it wasn't. It wasn't bad but, well let me explain. It started off good. My gf and I were greeted at the door and led to a table. They just opened for lunch so we were maybe the third party in. Our server offered some wine to try but declined, just ordered a coke for me and an ice tea for my gf. Drinks came out then we put in our order, my gf had the soup and salad (endless) and I had the steak and chicken skewers and soup. Shrimp for appetizer.Appetizer came out pretty quick. After that her salad and my soup were next. Then it went downhill. I know our server was busy with a party of nine that came in after us, but it was like we were forgotten. My bowl was taken away but no refill for my gf's ice tea.  We waited like 30 minutes then our server came by and apologized saying they overcooked my steak and that the manager would come out and talk to us and possibly take our appetizer off the bill. Maybe five minutes later the manager came out and apologized and did remove the appetizer from our bill which was nice. Supposedly they screwed up my order but all the while my gf never got her soup!?! A total wait time of about 40 minutes then my order came out with my gf's warm (not hot) bowl of soup. She didn't want to complain just wanted to eat and get out of there. Don't blame her. She did finally get a ice tea refill! Yay! My food was okay kinda lost my appetite by then. She was never asked if she wanted to try any other soups. (endless my ass).The manager did take care of the long wait for our food but there were more problems than that. Like I said we've been here before for dinner and left completely satisfied. Maybe this was just a fluke but I can only give them 2 stars.
2	I have been to this Olive Garden a number of times over the past 20 years. It's Olive Garden, so the food is generally good but not great. I prefer local Italian places over changes, but my family is a fan of chains.My most recent trip was for my mom's birthday (her 2nd choice after she found out her first choice was closed for the night). I was not thrilled with her choice, but it was her birthday.The good thing is they were running their 2 entrees and 2 apps for $25 deal. For apps we got the fried mozzarella and fried calamari. My parents got a dipping sauce and toasted ravioli. The mozzarella was a little too thick and the calamari was a tad under done. My parents' apps were decent.For entrees I got the spaghetti and meatballs and my wife got the eggplant Parmesan. As soon as they set down my plate, I could tell my spaghetti was over cooked. I knew I wouldn't be getting al dente pasta at Olive Garden but I was hoping not to get mushy noodles. The meatballs were okay but nothing special. My wife was quite happy with her eggplant parm.I think mushy noodles are pretty inexcusable. Hence the two star rating.
4	Always a satisfaction to your tummy! Fresh bread with alfredo dip. Creamy soups. Shrimp pastas. Yum! Dessert is just okay, but everything else is always delicious. I've always appreciated this corporate/big chain restaurant. Olive Garden changes up some deals for their menu like "all you can eat pasta" & whatnot. It's a simple date or family night location. The food speaks for itself.
5	Great service! Clean! Food was great!! Our waiter was outstanding and always making sure we were taken care of! I highly recommend this Olive Garden to anyone that appreciates great service!!
3	My 7 year-old chose Olive Garden for his birthday dinner.  We went early on a Sunday evening and were told the wait would be 45 minutes for our party of 10.  They had us seated in 20 - yaye!I was the only one who ordered soup instead of salad.  Everyone received their salads and was eating.  I asked our waitress about my soup, and she said, "Oh, yeah"!  Soup forgotten.  :(I told her quietly as we sat down that we were there at my son's choosing for his birthday, and if she could please do something to celebrate.  "Oh, of course.  We'll make him feel special!", she promised.  After the meal, when the bill was being paid, I reminded her and she said, "Oh, it's his birthday, right"?  Birthday forgotten.  :(She ended up bringing out a little chocolate mousse dessert with a lit candle and a couple other servers came over to join in singing "Happy Birthday" to him.  He loved it and it was much appreciated.The complimentary Andes chocolate mints that come after the meal were served on a hot plate and were a melted mess.  Not appetizing.  :(She said she would pack up my son's barely touched macaroni and cheese in a doggy bag, then came out later and said it accidentally got thrown away, but the kitchen was making another one to-go.  We ended up waiting around for an extra 10 minutes for the damned macaroni. :(    Random rant: There was a lady at the table next to us breastfeeding her baby.  Now, I nursed two boys for 8+ months each, but never whipped out a full boob in the middle of a "fine dining" restaurant.  Ever heard of a shawl, baby blanket, burping cloth, ANYTHING?  Kinda distracting...  Anywho.  The food here was good as far as overpriced, non-authentic Italian fare goes.  The service was a little disjointed, but well-intended and our waitress was always polite and sweet.  I would prolly come back.
1	Ok so I know not to expect a whole lot when I walk into a olive garden. The salad and breadsticks and dip is delicious. The service is mediocre but like i said I really dont expect a whole lot. Either way the 1 star is for the service the minus 4 stars is for the appetizers and food. Yuck? I could eat better frozen food. The fried raviolis and cheese sticks were hard and cold in the middle.  Maybe it was just this one night but the food was cold and all tasted bad. Thank God for carrabas.
4	Soup, Salad, and Bread sticks.The commercials I have seen for Olive Garden has made me remember those three phrases about Olive Garden.From my personal experience, the service has always been amazing. They were always welcoming and promptly coming to refill the soup, salad, breadstick, if we wanted dessert, and how things were.Every time I go to Olive Garden, I try to get something new to share. I love when they have their specials. Can't beat having 12.95 three course meals or 2 for $25. Be sure to take advantage of their current specials! It will save you money, and you will have enough food for another meal. The special I'm definitely looking forward to again is the "All you can eat pasta!"  I never leave Olive Garden without a to-go box. By the time I'm done with the soup or salad and bread stick that comes with my main course order, I'm already full. If you want something 'lighter' compared to pasta. They do have the soup,salad, bread stick alternative which can be very filling.What I've learned is, don't be afraid to ask to try another type of soup they have. I tend to feel weird even though its endless soup to ask for more. But as long as it doesn't go to waste and into your tummy, be sure to try the soups!Their food is always delicious and I've never had any problems with their food.If you are not full by dessert time, be sure to try their tiramisu. it is one dessert I'm always looking forward to having at Olive Garden.Definitely will come back here again with my family.
1	When you're here, you're ignored. A friend and I decided to dine at the bar seating area for the soup/salad/breadsticks special for a late lunch, but what should have been a simple routine order turned into a train wreck that evolved into the last time I eat at OG. They had employees (including what appeared to be a manager) wandering aimlessly like malfunctioning roomba vacuums, several tables were left un-bussed for almost an hour, and a complete lack of service even at the basic level left us mind boggled. We watched a couple looking around, waiting for a server, but they did what we should have and walked out after several minutes. Despite knowing what we wanted before we arrived, our order wasn't taken until over a half hour after walking through the door. The salad was under dressed, the breadsticks salty, the soup was fine although the lack of service left a poor taste in our mouths throughout the entire meal. Our server disappeared more often than David Copperfield so locating someone to get a check took several minutes after finishing. The manager finally came over and presented the check but then the train derailed. We immediately put two cards down to pay and waited, and waited, and waited. We looked around, made comments, contemplated just leaving. Nobody wanted to take our money. Finally, 15 minutes later our server reappeared from her disappearing act to run our cards we requested to be split. Obviously too difficult of a task as the entire bill was charged to one card. I regret leaving any tip at all, but the biggest tip I can leave is avoid this place and find a nice local family restaurant that will appreciate your business. There are plenty of eateries out there that will make you feel like family.
3	Typical Olive Garden. Not real Italian food, but definately tasty still. Love the soup, salad and breadsticks to go for lunch. I do wish that all Olive Gardens didn't use bagged lettuce and used fresh. Their chicken gnoochi soup is delish as well as their minestrone and pasta fagoil. Breaksticks are always fresh at this location. Staff is always nice and I love that even tho they don't open until 11, they are there to take your to-go order early so it is ready for pick up at 11 :)
3	My hubby took me to Olive Garden for a nice dinner so that I did not have to cook. We decided to try the current two for $25 promotion since the options sounded great.We each ordered the spicy shrimp vesuvio as our main course which was jam packed with flavor. The shrimp in this pasta dish was very generous as well which was a nice treat. Our meal also included unlimited bread sticks and choice of soup or salad.Also included is your choice of a shared appetizer or dessert so we opted for a slice of triple chocolate mouse cake which was super moist!My hubby had peach iced tea which was super tasty and refreshing, I opted for plain iced tea.This meal was great and a lot of goodness for $25!Our meal was generous and good and I also like the sample of wine they offer when seated.This is decent and tasty "Americanized" Italian food so this review will only warrant a 3 star rating. I am a huge fan of authentic traditional cuisine and am aware that Olive Garden is a commercial concept lacking that flare.I must mention that our server Maria was simply Amazing. The service she provided during our meal was out of this world!
4	It's been about 8 yrs since I've been here.  I decided to give it another try!  I'm glad I did!  The waiter was very patient with me.  I just didn't know where to began.  So many things looked so good.  While we were checking out the menu he gave us a sample of some wine ( ugggg) it was sweet! Wow!  So anyway, I just decided to keep it simple, to see if I would even like it.  So I did the fetticini pasta with the Italian sausage and the garlic sauce.  Ohhh yea, I'm a salad lover, and I was loving this salad.  My husband got a pototoe and sausage soup (yes I was all in his too!)  It was really good.  I think I can come back here and just get the soup and salad.  But back to my meal.  I really liked my pasta choice!  But I did fill up on the salad.  I took a few bites of my meal but brought 75% of  it home.  I will be back to an olive garden near you soon!Ohhh that watermelon margarita, was sooooooooooooo sweet, I had to let the ice melt before I could drink it.  It was ok though!
1	I'm a host at a restaurant on the strip and as important as having good food at a restaurant is, having good customer service is just as important, if not more. I dined here on a Saturday night with two friends, we figured it would be polite to call and reserve in advance. When we arrived, on time, I told the hostesses my name for the reservation and without a word spoken to me, I was handed a buzzer. We didn't wait long before we got a table, but the hostess said only one word to us when she sat us, "enjoy". It seemed rushed and very ingeniune. We didn't even get so much as a smile out of her. Next, our waiter arrived and got right to the point of taking our order. I tried asking which flavor of Italian soda would be best and he basically told me they're all gross. I picked one at random anyway and it was delicious. We waited and waited for the always anticipated bread sticks and we got both our appetizers and our meals before we finally saw our waiter again (the food runner delivered everything) and we asked for our bread sticks. The manager promptly arrived to apologize for this mishap and said we would receive them shortly. He also offered us all a free dessert on the house as an apology. An extra salad plate was brought by who was described to us as our waiters partner, but I told him we didn't need or want one. He shoved it toward me and said to take it anyway "just in case". It was in my way while I tried to rearrange our other plates to make room for the unwanted plate. Our bread sticks finally arrived just as we finished our meals and were too full to eat more than a bite of them. We asked for boxes for our appetizers and as we prepared to scoop the brushetta into the container we came across a hair inside it. I had been snacking on this my whole meal. Yum. I tried telling my waiter about the hair and I had to repeat myself because he wasn't listening the first time. The manager arrived again to apologize and offered to make a new brushetta to take home.Although the managers attempted to make up for the problems, the complete lack of customer service combined with the ridiculously late bread sticks and the hair in my food, it was an overall dissapointing and regretful experience.I will not be returning to this olive garden after being a faithful customer their for the past 5 years.
3	Service was quick and friendly.  The food was okay. I liked my grilled chicken flatbread, but the meatballs with the kids meals could've used more flavor and seasoning. My husband's dinner was very "earthy" tasting even though it was supposed to be covered in Alfredo sauce. No complaints about anything but the bland flavor of 3/4 of the meals served to our table.
5	Susan the girl with red hair was the best and Nader was a super manager.  I love the breadsticks and the soup.  Try ordering the angel hair with meat sauce it is like the best of the spaghetti family and you can taste Italy in every bite.
5	Catalina is awesome!!  The food was amazing and always a great atmosphere.  Se brought us peach tea cups full to go and even wrote our individual name on our left overs to make sure we didn't get them mixed up when we got home.  She didn't understand the concept of a four course meal and she probably shouldn't since it is t a 4 or 5 star restaurant but she listened and tried to bring everything in courses!  Very sweet girl!
2	Olive Garden gets more and more pathetic, each visit! This was the last straw. My wife ordered the chicken parmijian sandwhich full sandwhich, and got the dinner, with pasta. She then corrected the waitress on what was ordered then they brought a half of sandwhich. I ordered the fettuccine calzone with a side of fettuccine alfredo  what  I got was a four inch mini hot pocket with a thimble cup of alfredo sauce on the side! Go figure, after what my wife ordered and they screwed up twice, I decided another 15  minute wait was out of the question.Their prices keep going up and portions keep going down. I will not visit Olive ( portions), Garden anymore!
4	My mom and I had lunch here before heading to a show at the Smith Center.  We got seated right away and our waitress came over pretty quickly.  She actually gave us a sample of their house white wine which was nice.  She took our drink order and gave us some time to decide on our meals.She checked back often and took our order once we were finally ready.  I had the lasagna and my mom had the baked shrimp parmesan.  I started with the salad which is always good.  Love the vinaigrette and goodies in the salad.  My mom had the minestrone soup.  I really enjoyed by lasagna.   Nice tomato sauce, cheesy but not over cheesy.  My mom enjoyed her baked shrimp too.  It was actually pasta with shrimp and cheese on time that they back.  It was a big portion so she took it home and had leftovers the next day.  Our waitress was very good and checked on us often throughout the meal.  This was definitely a good Olive Garden.  Food was tasty.
5	We usually don't visit commercialized restaurants but after a morning of shopping we stooped in today for the soup, salad and bread sticks. The waiter Cory Q. was awesome!  He was on top of everything.  The restaurant was clean and the soup was really good. Great price for what all we got. Good job Olive Garden!!
1	let me start off with the service was amazing and our servers and waiters provided us the best customer service i have experience in a long time but I have a huge issue with this Olive Gardena friend and I decided to do lunch on a Friday afternoon and we went into this location at 12 o'clock exactly and it looked like it was really busy from the outside but we got seated right awaythe server and hostess were very polite got us our drinks right away and then our waitress came she was super  friendly and helpful by showing us all the specials we decided on a appetizers fairly quickly because I had to be to work right after lunch. as soon as we got the chance and knew what we wanted we both ordered Alfredo mine was seafood and my friends was grilled chickenwe ordered the risotto bites for an appetizer they were a cheesy risotto ball and it was dipped in batter and deep fried with a homemade crushed tomatoe sauce and shredded cheese on top  one of our favorite things about Olive Garden is the endless soup salad and breadsticks and let me tell you what she kept it coming she kept offering us the freshly shredded cheese which is absolutely delicious and when I'm ready she brought us the amazing Alfredo even throughout the meal she refilled are breadsticks   we both had the spicy potato and sausage soup which is amazing as always very creamy very hearty  and it even has kale in it  my friends chicken alfredo was amazing a chicken with freshly grilled it was not dry it was very moist and juicy and handles were home made my seafood Alfredo the sea food was cooked perfectly it was nice and tender the alfredo sauce very creamy and buttery and rich and it was just full of flavors I could soak up with the breadsticksshe boxed up my leftovers and our leftover bread sticks and even gave us cups to go for drinks when we had it out so like I said the service was amazing the food was amazing the locations great the big issue that I have is when our bill came I paid with my credit card. our bill was under $40 and I gave her a7 dollar tip (in cash) well later on I noticed that not only do we have our lunch tab on my bank account I also had a almost $50 charge from Olive Garden that was subtracted from my account so I was missing 90 dollars out of my account for a 30 and some change meal! so I gave it 24 hours it was not back in my account so as soon as I got off work I called it down to the location from the number provided to me on my receipt when I call the manager on duty was Jake up Jacob did take a good look into the situation explain to me everything that happened and when I questioned why my card was ran twice he continued to dig deeper into the situation I was not letting him play it off as a server error because she was amazing then  I made him dig until he came to realize that my card was swiped for my table and somebody else's table! when I notified him that the extra charge on my account cause me to go over draft he then started to become apologetic.  I have been in the restaurant industry and management for the restaurant industry for the past 5 years and this is something manager to manager that Jacob needs to learn apologizing to your blue in the face does nothing for customers you need to compensate them for the inconvenience that you caused them and expecially in this situation with the extreme inconvenience  I didn't get offered a coupon for next time or a lunch on Olive Garden all I got was a we reverse the charge right away it should hit your account on Monday hopefully your bank will return the overdraft fee and I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry  it's like he did not even care if I was going to ever return to his location or not  I really do love Olive Garden and I love the convenience of the location its right next to my job it's really close to my home and it sucks that I don't want to go back because of the way I was treated because of an Issue they inconvenience me with. might go back to another location but I will probably never go back to this one
4	Good clean location.  Very accommodating with take out orders.  Would recommend to friends and family.
1	if I could give this place 0 stars I would. I have not been to Olive Garden in years & now I remember why. I will start off with how poorly this place manages and how bad the service is. I came in with 2 family members & from the parking lot we thought it was going to be busy since it was about 3ish (dinner hours) but when we walked in we were immediately seated. This is when it starts to get bad. We were sat in a room with one other table. It took 10 minutes for our original server to take our drink orders. Blank--done. we didn't see him for the rest of the time we were there. Somebody else had to come take our order but it was at least another 15 minutes before that happened. Never got refills the whole time we were there. from start to finish I would have to say we were there for about 2 hours. We did not lolly gag around at the end after we got our tab, we wanted to get out of there. do not recommend this location, not even for my worst enemy.
1	No one was friendly walking in. Someone got seated after us but they had their food before we received water. The waitress did not check on us during our meal. We had to tell the busboy to get our server 2 times. I had a simple soup and salad which took 30 mins to bring out. Then she never brought us our check. When we asked for it the check took another 10 mins. It was terrible service I don't understand how someone can serve a table like that. I know this is not fine dining but McDonalds has better service that. Come on Olive Garden seriously? Maybe she had a bad day but don't take it out on customers. I don't think I will be coming back.
1	Go to another one. Car side sucks. Girl was awful. Wrong order came out then we sat for 45 min and then she forgot. It was shameful go to macaroni grill.
5	My very first olive garden experience.  Yea yea it's pretty lame but it's better late than never. We decided to have a late lunch.  First of all this restaurant is great!.  The environment has a nice atmosphere of that "family" togetherness.  Our waiter was great too.  He was very helpful and attentive to our needs.  I'm gonna have to say...we ordered pupu style and shared amongst eachother.  Everything was delicious.
5	I went here for my friends birthday and immediately got a seated with our table of 4. The waitress was super nice and made sure we were taken care of the whole time. I've always been to olive garden at night time so what I usually get wasn't on the lunch menu. My friend and I got the 2 for 25 meals and got some shrimp pasta and unlimited salad and breadsticks(of course)  My drink was never empty and that's my biggest pet peeve when it comes to restaurants and especially on how much I tip. Delicious.
3	For way too many years, readers of the Las Vegas Review-Journal named the Olive Garden as Best Italian Restaurant. Although it lost its title this year (to Terra Rosa), this place remains the go-to Italian joint for many families -- not just here, but across the nation. And that's too bad. Not that the Olive Garden is a horrible restaurant; it just puts out pedestrian food that's a little more expensive than it needs to be.Every Christmas, my family and I swap restaurant gift cards. And that's how I end up at the Olive Garden every year. While I usually go to lunch (yes, I do love their soup, salad, and breadsticks combo), this time we splurged on dinner because we had $75 to spend. We each had a glass of pretty good wine (Cavit pinot noir for my husband, Evolution white blend for me), although they were a little warm (a common problem at chain restaurants), and we had the aforementioned salad and breadsticks, which were tasty as ever. For our entrees, my husband had the Mediterranean trout, and I had the portobello ravioli. Although I liked my ravioli, there was barely enough sauce to cover the pasta. Why so skimpy? And although the trout was seasoned well (but predictably overcooked), it was served with a tomato and broccoli pappardelle that didn't match the rest of the dish. Not a big fan of fish and tomatoes to start with, but the addition of the broccoli was just weird.Service was kind of slow, and the food was just so-so. But I finished my meal on a high note, with a tasty Italian margarita. (Love that side shot of amaretto!) And I know I'll be back next year, gift card in hand. Next time, I think I'll stick with lunch.
3	I'll be the first to give credit where credit is due: Olive Garden's recent rebranding efforts, with the new logo and font, and some more modern menu options, are welcome and give a nice facelift to the company.However, it may be too much change or not very well executed: menu now boasts a selection of "italian tapas" which are basically an extension of their appetizer menu, most of which are $5 or $6 and discounted to $4 during a happy hour special of sorts, offered Mon-Fri 3-6PM.Tried the polenta and shrimp dish- four shrimp atop a bed of polenta with a tomato and olive sauce, good value with four shrimp, but sauce was overly salty and unbalanced with many olives. Server apologetically revealed that the dish isn't going over well.Though they're most known for their pasta dishes (and, okay, breadsticks), I usually just come here for their unlimited soup and salad lunch special: $7 for as much of either as I like, along with breadsticks. Good value, and good flavors- I usually stick with the zuppa toscana, but the chicken and gnocchi is good for something different. In addition to the tapas portion, OG now has a small menu of featured dishes that are "healthy preparation"/lower-calorie than their typical pasta dishes. A few steps in the right direction, guys- now to work on the execution.Additional note: never get a cappuccino here. It's not worth the $4. Drive through a Starbucks afterward if you must. You'll thank me later.
2	I'm going to start by saying.  They aren't always as terrible as they were tonight . Been coming here for over 2 years .We order take out from here about every 2 weeks. We always get the same order.  Seafood Alfredo and herb grilled tillapia. If the service is good. The food is terrible,  or if the service is crap,  the food is good that night. We'll tonight (weds 10/15/14 about 830 pm) the food is meh.  Mind you i ALWAYS tip 10-30$ here even on take out! The hubby and I agree we'd rather drive to the cheyenne location from now on...   Consistency is key. And I'm tired of crappy food from here . I'll go to a fast food joint that often if I want this type of quality . And I'll save $39 bucks plus tip.
1	The waitress taking our order was great other than that the staff was very unprofessional. We were sitting by the entrance of the kitchen and the servers were going in and out. They started to bring our order out as two of the servers bumped into each other and a hot plate of food was dropped right behind me. The hot food went everywhere burning a patch on my back and arm. No one apologized right away as a matter of fact no one even offered to clean the mess on my chair, table or purse that was hanging on the chair. They didn't even ask if I was o.k. about 10 mins later the manager comes to our table apologizes and he asks if we were o.k and I mentioned the food burned my arm and my back and that there was food everywhere. Needless to say he offered free desert, to which I said no to, and then gave us napkins to clean up the mess our selves. My 6 year old daughter was sitting next me but luckily she was o.k. We didn't want to make a scene so we ate rapidly and went home to put some cold water on my arm. I will never come here again!
5	The food here is yummy!!! The unlimited soup & bread sticks are my favorite lol Service is great but hate that you can't make a reservation. Services is great.
3	Started with a bit of a snafu.  We were quoted a 30 minute wait.  Our buzzer went off about 35 minutes later.  When we went to the hostess stand, they said they seated another group who said they were us.  I asked if they had one of the OG's pagers like we did and the girl said no.  I was a little peturbed because we  woke a sleeping toddler and then had to wait another 15 minutes before they found us a booth.  They clearly knew they made an error and apologized and offered us a free appetizer for the blunder.  After we were seated it was smooth sailing.  We ordered the fonduta for the app.  I would not recommend it if you're paying for it.  The gouda sliced cheese the put on top is not melted, so it's a bit odd.  The poppyseed bread it's served with was tasty however.
3	It's crazy to think that I've lived here for 10 years... And this is the very first restaurant that I ate at when I first moved here. Holy Canoli!Olive Garden is always consistent with their food, never really a bad experience... Ok, that was a lie, one time but that was the server.My go-to is always a Chicken Alfredo. The portion is a bit big for me but o take home the rest to eat later or for lunch at work lol. But when I am here for lunch, I have the endless soup and salad, last I was there it was $6.99 Unfortunately our last visit was not as good as it usually it, even after telling them that we were on a work lunch and only had 30 mins, they were ever so slow to get us our bill.
5	My wife and I visited this Olive Garden for her birthday. Ted was our server. The service was amazing and the food was fresh and delicious. I asked Ted if they offer any kind of desert special for birthdays. He said they don't do anything for birthdays. I said, "No problem. Just thought I'd ask." I wasn't upset at all, but we all know a lot of places offer free cake, so I had to ask! :) After dinner Ted and about 5 other staff members came to our table with a small desert and sang my wife happy birthday... It was way more than we expected and very nice for them to take the time. A fun little birthday surprise. Thanks, Ted!
