5	I love Fox concepts!  They definitely make the az dining scene much more interesting.  I got to go to the pre-opening dinner tonight at Zinburger in Gilbert and was impressed!  Love the cool chandeliers, the comfy booths and the rollup windows/doors.  I had the zinburger and the onions on it were delicious.  Also had the double truffle fries which were heavenly.  Only complaint would be that the burger/onions dripped a ton so my hands, plate and napkin were covered by the time I was done.  However, it was a small price to pay for a delicious burger and a fun night out!  Definitely will be coming back soon.  The shakes were good too.
5	Went with my husband on the first day it was officially opened.  Shared a burger, basket of onion rings, and we each had a nice glass of wine.  It was happy hour so our bill totaled 20.00 and we loved everything.  Nice service (attentive but not hovering), perfectly juicy and flavorful burger (seriously tasty bun), and generous serving of nicely crunchy onion rings.  We are fortunate to live in Gilbert and I'm sure we will be enjoying many more delicious meals out on their beautiful patio.
3	The only thing amazing was how sweet my bartender was. The beer i ordered had a 3 inch head and when i mentioned it, i guess it was company policy. The basket of onion rings were good and bit salty but way over-priced. Ill give you guys another try.
5	We went during happy hour, had the loaded fries for half price....super good! Im your typical burger person, but the breakfast burger caught my eye so i ordered it and i could not be happier! Their shakes ate delicious too!
5	Came into Zinburger Gilbert while vacationing from Ohio! Loved the atmosphere! My husband and I decided to sit at the outside bar! We started off with a Prickly Pear Margarita and a Deschutes Fresh Squeeze! The margarita was one of the best margaritas I have had on vacation! So good I had two! The IPA was great as well! For an app we got the loaded fries! They were really good! The cheese sauce was fantastic and who can say no to bacon? We then split the Zinburger. It was a very simple burger, but it was very good! Our bartender was Abby! She was wonderful and really helped us with our choices! Her margarita was FANTASTIC! Great food and excellent service! We will be back next time we visit!!
2	Tried for the first time.  We had the Blanco Burger and the El Diablo burger, with a side of Sweet potato fries.  Food was good but way over priced.  Service was good,  but the place was really noisy.
3	Loved the atmosphere. Staff was very friendly and efficient. I crafted my own burger because the menu was limited to me. Very expensive-$11 for a burger, which did not come with fries. Had to pay $5 for a side of fries. My burger was undercooked. I asked for medium rare and got rare.  The meat was fresh but definitely not worth $11.  Probably paying that price because it's in downtown Gilbert. Probably won't go back because of pricing. I have to say again, the staff was excellent.
3	This place will be four or five star worthy soon, but they need to get the kinks worked out.  We ordered green chile fries first.  The order we received had clearly been sitting out.  We received them not two minutes after ordering them, but they were already quite cold.  I was pretty hungry so I did not let that deter me, but it was worth mentioning.  The burgers were very good, maybe a hair overcooked but closer to order than most places manage.  The service was quite poor, however.  We had a to-go order that we placed when our server first checked on us after receiving our food.  The order came out fairly quickly but was incomplete as our server forgot to order some of it.  By the time she returned with the check the burger was already pretty cold, so we did not push it.  However it took another twenty minutes or so for her to come back with the charge slip.  Give it a few more weeks and I think this place will be good, they just are not quite there yet.
4	Very good.  Wife and I split the Blanco burger and an order of the spicy green chili fries. All really good and cooked to order.  Beer selection was great with some local favs. Will go back and try dessert.  Not sure I'm ready to go great.   It was all very good.  Open air building will be really cool as patio season heats up. You could do a lot worse, but the pricing seems a bit premium for the fare.  It is burgers and beer, right?
5	I'm so glad there is a Zinburger in Gilbert now. We went to the pre-opening dinner, and had a fabulous time. I had the watermelon mojito, which was a very refreshing drink. We shared the green chill fries as an appetizer. They were decent. I tasted more chipotle aioli than green chilies. My burger was called "My Boy Blue" and it was perfectly cooked and delicious. The mister had the "Samburger" which is his favorite at Zinburger. We can't wait to go back and try the brunch menu!
4	My friend and I came here the other night and had a great experience! Our waiter was super nice and answered all of our questions. We asked for a recommendation on the double truffle fries and he asked if we wanted to try a sample. I thought that was awesome! Great customer service. They were good, but it took a little bit to get used to the taste. We ended up getting the loaded fries which were AMAZING. We got two burgers and split them between us so that we could both try them. The blanco burger was so good. I wasn't a fan of the other one...I think it was called western chicken or something like that. It was super deep fried which I am not a fan of. It was also pretty loud in there, which I understand because of the popularity. Overall great experience! A little pricey, but I will most likely be coming back.
2	My husband and I are big fans of Sam Fox restaurants and were looking forward to the Zinburger opening in Gilbert. We expected the wait (45 minutes at 5:30pm on a Thursday) but when we finally got to a table it was one with a round bar stool for a seat. In looking around, I could see that there were very few chairs that seemed remotely comfortable. Overall, it was a big let down. The wine was the highlight of the meal. We both ordered burgers that turned out to be nothing special. The meat was cooked properly, but like one other reviewer said, it was so greasy and the bun so flimsy I ended up eating just the meat about half way through. Honestly, I think SmashBurger does a better job.For a side, we ordered zucchini fries. I was hoping for crunchy sticks and got a plate of limp, greasy breaded zucchini with the tiniest amount of dipping sauce. We also ordered the latte milkshake. It was good, and they did split it into two smaller glasses for us, but nothing I would go out of my way to have again. The service was just okay, too. Our waiter was nice enough, but the other three employees who brought food/drinks to our table never said a word. None of them even made eye contact with us. After the third one, my husband made a "Stepford" comment. At this time, Zinburger is not worth the wait or the money. In our minds the gold standard of burgers is Burger Bar in Las Vegas. This place falls so short of it, we won't be back.
2	So you have to ask yourself...is $50 ($60 with tip) for 2 burgers, one small salad, one order of zucchini fries and 2 sodas a good buy.  If so, then this may be the place for you.  If not...keep on going.So about the food...- Burgers -- good but not remarkable.  - Small chopped wedge salad --  pretty good actually.  - Zucchini fries -- Ok.  That being said, you really can't turn zucchini into "fries."  What you actually end up with is strips of zucchini coated in breadcrumbs (or whatever it was) that cooks up somewhat crisp with zucchini inside that ends up being somewhat flaccid.- Soda -- soda is soda.For whatever reason the restrooms are located outside the restaurant...kind of like a gas station.  Not sure why or how that design choice was made, but it almost seems like they built the building and realized they forgot to put in a bathroom.  Not smart.The seating in the restaurant is odd at best, horrible at worst.  The have some bar height tables with chairs that have low backs...not the most comfortable.  The rest of the interior has tables with long bench seats and what looks to be metal chairs.  I don't like long bench seats and I've yet to find a metal chair that is comfortable.  The outside seating area is similar.The wait staff seemed pretty switched on.  However, we were asked if we wanted our salad and zucchini fries first followed by the burgers.  The salad and fries did show up first...immediately followed by the burgers.Not sure I'll be back as I just didn't see the value in going.  That being said I'm sure they'll be wildly successful given their old town Gilbert location.Not a 3 and not a solid 2...mostly a 2.5 but I'm not going to round up.
5	So pleased with our first time at Zinburger!  We came during their happy hour(which is amazing) 1/2 price wines, beers, and sides. Everyone was so nice and helpful. Our server JJ was fabulous and very informative. We shared our burger and fries and we were stuffed. This place is a must try for gilbert.  We will definitely return very soon!
5	Saw it being built and thought the building was cool looking,  saw it opened and decided to stop by with friends.  I must say this is the best burger joint in Arizona that I've had.  I had the Ringer burger and I loved everything from the buns, meat, and the vegitables.  I'd highly recommend this place to anyone!
5	Samburger was amazing, best burger I've ever had. Loved their truffle fries nice and crispy. It was very crowded but no wait to sit at the bar. I will def be back!! Another Gilbert favorite.
3	All the food was delicious. Portions were good. Servers and hostesses were all friendly and knowledgeable. The prices are what was disappointing. Burgers don't come with fries so you're paying extra for fries or onion rings. 2 burgers, fries, onion rings, and 2 soft drinks. $38.00.
5	We went last night for the first time. The wait was 50 minutes which is normal for anything on Saturday night. Once we sat down, service came pretty quickly and our server was friendly. I ordered a kilt lifter draft, 20oz.I had read reviews that the zucchini fries came out soggy, so I asked our server about this. He said he could have them made extra crispy and they came out just perfect, crispy on the outside, but not overcooked.I had a My Boy Blue, which was yummy. It's a little greasy and messy but in my opinion that's the way a good burger should be. The wife had a veggie burger vegan style (with mozzarella, sans bun and mayo) and she enjoyed it. Finished it off with the Nutella shake. It had too many chunks of toffee and nuts to make the straw any use, but came with a spoon. Delicious. We will go again.
1	I went here today. Save your money and go to 5 guys. Over priced burgers that are not that good. 12.50 for a burger I would have expected some real flavor. Boring burger that was greasy and I didn't finish it all. And I really would have expected a side of fries for the price...nope just the sad boring burger. Now on another note service was excellent. So if you want some wine and look at the very attractive staff eat here. Want a good burger...sorry folks go else where.I'm not sure where these other reveiwers ate.but it doesn't sound like it was here.
4	Excited for a Fox restaurant to come to Gilbert  First, the service was excellent. Atmosphere was not warm, but it was enjoyable. We had burgers, one basket of onion rings a glass of wine each and some iced tea Burgers came out the way we ordered and were yummy, onion rings were crisp and good but nothing special. We enjoyed the meal but it's a little high priced for a burger night out. With tip over $60. It's a tasty and fun place but a serious dent in the average budget   The bathroom being outside was weird.
3	I have to say that I enjoyed my burger.  I had the Blanco Burger and it was cooked perfectly and had the right amount of heat.  The loaded fries were very good but a little small for a two person portion. Not worth the price. The front of the house could use a little attention. We entered from the north side and were not greeted by the 3 servers at the front. It took a little surveying to figure out where the hostess station was so we could be seated.  We were seated at a high top and the stools are not comfortable and are very heavy to move.  Service was very slow. It is very unusual to receive my beer before my wife's water and the beers didn't arrive that quickly.   I have to agree with another reviewer that the servers dropping off the diners are a little robotic. Here is your dinner with no comments at all.  Not even an acknowledgement that I said "Thank You".  Our actual server was nice but made infrequent stops by our table. I like the burgers and the brightness of the dining room but the price does not support the level of service.
2	I was really hoping to enjoy this place.  Great location in a modern building. The problem was more with the kitchen than anything else.Came when there wasn't a crowd and was asked to sit inside or outside. Chose inside and was seated quickly in the middle of a long row of tables.  Waitress was very friendly and the service was quite good. We ordered and waited.My stepdaughter had the Kobe burger and asked for it to be 'medium', it was rare. My girlfriend asked for the Turkey burger, it was under cooked with a soft white center and had to be sent back to the kitchen. I had the Samburger which as a burger with bacon on it. I asked for it to be medium rare and got it very rare.  I like rare anyway, but not what I had asked for. The buns were nice and soft and the flavor was ok.  On the bright side, the loaded fries were very good, according to my stepdaughter.There is a lot of new competition in Gilbert and not performing well is not going to help. I am sure other Yelpers liked this place, but it will not be one of my top picks.  I will try it again in a month or two to see if they have fixed their kitchen. I can cook faster and better than these guys. AND, I am not classically trained.
2	For the price I was really expecting better. The bun on my burger was soggy and the meat was just ok. I had the salted caramel shake which was really good. The zucchini fries were good but greasy. If I were to come back I would just get the shake.
5	Where do I begin?!... We've been waiting for a minute for this place to open and boy was it worth the wait. Started with the Raspberry Acai Margarita (phenomenal), my husband had a local beer (IPA) and the Green Chili Fries (spicy and flavorful). My husband ordered the double burger, I ordered the Turkey burger and my almost 3 year old son had a kids burger and ATE IT ALL for the first time!! All 3 burgers were fresh, juicy and full of flavor!! Our server Brandy was amazing! We will be back for sure! Oh and on a side note for picky water drinkers like myself....NOT tap water wahoo!!
4	Dog friendly patio, delicious food, friendly and attentive staff - but very overpriced. It was $60 (pre-tip) for two burgers, fries and shakes.
5	Great burgers. Really nice atmosphere. We all really liked the food. Drinks were great. The watermelon mojo to was so good
5	Sitting in Zin burger right now. Service is AMAZING! Must try the frys. Lexi is taking great care of us and we will back soon!!
4	I really like Zinburger despite the pretension and high prices that seem to come along with all Fox restaurants. I am never dissatisfied with the burgers and the shakes are so good. Really so delicious. On top of that, I was particularly impressed with the service at this location (especially since it just opened). I brought my kids and the staff all went out of their way to accommodate us with inordinate amounts of ketchup, substitutions for my picky daughter, and even an etch a sketch. Those are the things that are going to keep me coming back here and make me glad a location opened up so close to my work and home.
5	Just opened.  Outdoor seating is Awesome here.  Food is pretty good.  Close at 10 on Friday nights though. Crush they were open later.
3	I would have given them 2 stars, if it weren't for the burger being a little better than most places. The restaurant was busy, for a Tuesday night. Parking is very very easy, plenty of it in downtown. We were greeted by the hostess, she was friendly. We were told it would be 30 minutes for a seat. We decided to sit it out, so I gave them my number...that's how they let you know your table is ready, through text message. I believe they have those little pager things as well if you don't want to give them your number. 10 minutes, 20 minutes, we decide to move our wait inside as a couple seats became available for us to sit and wait. We noticed the table closest to the door was clear, but figured it was for a different group. 30 minutes, 40 minutes, now it's getting to be a little longer than thought. All this time and the table still sat there, empty....45 minutes in, I get the TEXT!!! Guess what..we get seated at that table that had been empty the last 20 minutes or so.....ugh. The table was one of the tall bar tables, with tall, rather heavy chairs with it. Although the chairs are heavy, and don't look comfortable, they turned out to be nice. We ordered the fried zucchini, and they were as we hoped, crispy outside, soft inside. Overall, wait staff was good, wait for dinner while at least one table sat empty, not so good. We might go back one more time just to see if things change.....
3	I am not sure what all the hype about this place is, other than it has a really cool design (bar, restaurant, patio, etc). We went on a Friday night around 4:45 and grabbed the last two bar seats we could find (there was about a 30/40 min wait for a table for 2 at that point).The good: great service (bartenders were busy but awesome and our food came out relatively quickly and was hot and fresh). The milkshakes looked great but we didn't try one. The happy hour drink prices (across the board) were a steal! We will probably just grab drinks here while waiting for a table at Oregano's across the street in the future.The meh: I've had better burgers (one geographically close example would be a certain wilderness themed brew pub nearby). And for $11-$13 something should come as a side with my burger, they're not THAT big. The bun was just ok and did get soggy / crumbly quickly as other reviewers have mentioned. Their signature zucchini fries (which were $3 on HH) were well seasoned but were nothing I'd ever crave (stop trying to capitalize on / reinvent North's zucca chips!). The onion rings were just ok (also HH), but not standout.We probably would have been upset if we had paid full price or if we had waited 40 min for a table...
4	Great burger place, great service our order came out fast (which is nice when your starving) roomy dinning area, nice outside patio. Burger was nice a juicy! I got the burger of the day which was kobe beef patty with avocado, bacon and American cheese and my boyfriend got the samburger, both great but they tasted the same..so in other words I wouldn't pay the $5 extra for the kobe beef...I've had American kobe beef before and it tasted like steak, this just tasted like ground beef which is okay but for $15? Oh and thats not including fries...it ranges $5-$7 extra.Anyways I recommend to try it out if you like burgers and shakes!
5	All around great experience. Friendly hosts and waitress. Menu has plenty of great options - burgers, fries, chicken, ahi...Had the Ringer. Great burger. Everything about it was spot on - flavors were fantastic, meat like melted in my mouth, bacon was crispy and flavorful. Fries were crispy and nicely salted. Green chili cheese was a nice side. Cool ambiance. Price is as expected for a nice burger place.
2	Been to the Biltmore location many times but my wedge salad was drowning in dressing, the food took WAY too long to come out and I took a bite of my son's burger and almost had to spit it out. The banana cream pie was great but that graham cracker crust needs a hammer & chisel to get through.Love the wide open location!Overall, much too pricey for what you (don't ) get.
5	I got the classic but upgrades to the Kobe which was so tender and off the hook juicy and amazing.  Very cool place, open and trendy.  Had a really cool feel.  I also got the banana pie which was off the hook deliciously. Definitely highly recommend this place for a gourmet burger, best in Gilbert for sure!
5	We just left and will go back for burgers anytime we are in the mood.5 minute wait for a table is not shabby for Saturday. Service was speedy and personable. Split the Carmel milkshake with the wife and it was worth it.  I did not share my burger with her, as she pointed out to me after I was finished.  She enjoyed her burger and the fries. Both were cooked spot on temp wise and super juicy and tasty. She said the best burger she can recall and I second that.
1	First time to this place.... Now I may be tough due to the fact that I am in restaurant business for over 17 yrs..Service on a scale of 1 to 10 .. 10 being top score they score 4Food 8Price score 5 very expensive when you add your sides and so on( at high tide seafood bar and grill ) surf and turf lobster / burger with sides and cheese $14.. Here just cheese burger and fries is $17. Kale salad very odd.. Waiter never refill water... Lack of consistency ... Not friendly ... Hostess were good.. Managers walking around and never check tables .. A dirty table with dirty dishes sitting next to us for about 12 mins and almost 7 staff walk by and look at the dirty table and walk to the kitchen barehanded .. Finally hostess started to clean it... Would I go back.. Probably not.. Overall they score low with me...
1	Party of 5 for take out,100 bucks.-No Thank you. Never again. Burgers were not cooked all the way and dripping out blood. 5 $'s for fries-REALLY!
3	First time at this location was shortly after opening, fast forward a few weeks and things have definitely gone down hill. Giving them a 3 based on the 5 I would have given them the first time and a 2 this time. I hope they figure it out cause the competition is coming to Gilbert and there are too many choices to have poor service and average food, that and I love the Fox franchise.
5	I absolutely loveeee Zinburger!!!!! I went for the first time a few years ago at the Phoenix location and I loved it.   The first time I went I ordered the breakfast burger. This comes with avocado, bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato and the best part? A fried egg on top! It was delicious!!! This time I ordered the Blanco burger. This comes with avocado, pico de gallo, cheese, and a chipotle mayo. This one was also to die for! I washed everything down with a watermelon mojito that was very refreshing. And don't forget to get their fries! They're huge enough to share and they have a few options that will not disappoint you. My bf and I shared the truffle fries. The truffle sauce that comes with it was just icing on the cake. If you get a chance try their shakes too. I got the salted caramel shake one time and it was one of the best shakes I've had. I really believe that everything is delicious on their menu so you won't be disappointed. It was a beautiful day to sit outside on their nice patio which also have heat warmers and the service was spectacular. I'll be back!!! =)
5	This place is amazing! We went for date night (without the kids) and couldn't have been more pleased!Pros: truffle fries, zinburger, Latte Shake - everything we had was delicious! The burgers melted in your mouth. Really, the best ever. Cons: Price - it's not really a con if you are aware ahead of time. It's equivalent to Charlestons pricing. If you're looking for a cool, trendy, clean place to eat with even better food then the decor - go now!
5	Very great place. Food & shakes were excellent. I usual drive all the to hopdoddy for a great burger glad this place is closer. Service was on point too.
3	I went here recently after the wife went and said how incredible it was. We have different burger criterias though so I wasn't sure what to expect. The first thing anybody should know is this place isn't cheap so don't come here without expecting to pay close to $50 for a meal for 2. We had the loaded fries which for everything that was on it was lacking in flavor. It was a bit dull for "loaded" fries. Now the burgers. I guess the best the way to describe the burgers is that if you like burgers for the toppings then this is your place. If you like the taste of burgers then you might not like this place. The burger itself was pretty dull too. The toppings on the other hand are really good. I had the Samburger that came with bacon and thousand island dressing. Nothing great about it but the bun was very good. The wife had the breakfast burger with avocado and a fried egg. I had a bite and the avocado was delicious and the fried egg was cooked perfectly. My son had the plain kid burger and he loved it but he loved it for the bun and not for the burger. The $5 for the kids burger was a good deal I thought. Overall it was good but not sure it was worth the price. There is better burger places out there.
5	Ate at Zinburger last night.  The Mrs. had a Blanco Burger and I had the Samburger with Kobe beef.  The burgers were awesome.  The loaded fries were delicious too.  And the drinks were great.  We'll definitely be back.
5	Delicious fries, delicious burgers and perfect portion sizes.  The previous reviewers are correct, the prices are a bit steep but if you are looking for a tasty treat, you should really check this place out.We started with the loaded french fries and the zucchini fries.  Both were absolutely delicious.  Ordered my daughter a cheeseburger with sweet potato french fries and she ate almost all of it.  Obviously a delicious burger as she can be pretty picky.The hubby and I both got burgers which were the perfect size and VERY flavorful.  MIL also commented that she could still taste the amazing flavors after the meal which is a big win.If you're not put off by a hefty price tag you should definitely try Zinburger.
2	My first visit. The quality of the beef is good. Overall, I found the burger bland. The bun was squishy and fell apart. The place is new and stylish. One style I am not a fan of is lots of tv and no nice abatement in the decor.
3	My work crew and I have ordered take out from Zinburger several times now. The burgers are great but undercooked every time we order. We have now learned that you need to order medium well in the hopes of getting a medium to medium rare burger. One of the girls I work with orders well done and still has pink in her burger. Great ideas and flavors on the burgers and fries, but they really need to learn to cook them properly.
4	I finally tried Zinburger for the first time today after having driven past it several times. It was lunch time and pretty busy crowd, but I was able to sit at the bar immediately. They had all the doors open and it was such a great, laid back atmosphere. I was served pretty promptly but the bartender. I had a create your own burger with american cheese and guacamole cooked medium well. The meat was cooked perfectly and the guacamole was creamy and flavorful. I also got a basket of fries, they were fairly good but I didn't realize that it was served in a huge basket so it made for a lot of fun. Overall, the food was delicious but a little pricey considering it's a burger and fries. They did have some amazing sounding milk shakes that I may have to try next time.
5	Zinburger is a welcome addition to the bar/restaurant scene that has developed in down-town Gilbert over the last several years. The restaurant is set up as an open air space ala Postino - with a focus on an eclectic selection of burgers. The place has a full bar with a respectable selection of draft beer and wine. Everything is served ala-carte with a great selection of fries or onion rings (the green chili fries absolutely rock). There is amble outside seating with heaters for the cooler nights during the winter. Zinburger is well worth a try when you need to satisfy your urge for a great burger.
3	Upscale contemporary burger spot makes a tasty burger and offers ahi and gluten free options. Atmosphere was a bit stark, noisy garage. Not a place we would take holiday visitors. Why the hokey extra charge for "American-style Kobe beef"? Is that like an extra charge for "American-style Champagne"?  For the real meat and beverage, you have to go to Japan or France!  Also, there is a black and white cow on the wall but the menu does not specify Holstein milk shakes so we are left to wonder. For my average American palate, I will stick with Angus beef, Korbel, and Johnny Rockets.
4	Great food. And great server. A friend brought up an issue that occurred and the manager did not seem to care. She had no sympathy and blew the topic off subject. Clearly, she did not understand the context of what was going on. Besides that, definitely would come back!
4	The service was great and the open concept restaurant was amazing. We sat on the patio under he heaters and it was great. I thought the burgers were over priced and the ahi salad was small for $15. Drinks were priced well, my house red wine was great. Overall I wouldn't go back for the food, maybe for a drink on the patio. There's too many other great places with great food!
1	I've been there twice. First let me tell you that this place is like a high end steakhouse ONLY in the aspect that you purchase the entree and anything else is extra. Buying a burger does NOT include fries or slaw. Now if you read my reviews, I have no problem dining and paying for dinners at high end steakhouses and paying for the sides. No problemo!For a burger joint, it ain't gonna happen.First time there I had the no bun burger and fries. Tasty but nothing to write home about. Tonight I had the zinburger and coleslaw. The zinburger was tasty. Coleslaw is coleslaw! To charge $3 for it...the cost of that is probably ten cents. I won't do that again.I ordered a Absolut and tonic. They came back and told me they were out of Absolut and suggested Belvedere or Ketel. I told the waiter that I am not going to mix Ketel One so I'll have it on the rocks.  The burger was tasty but not worth $10.50. I realize it is 100% Certified Angus Beef...but so is every burger that Carl's Jr. sells and they charge half the price and you get fries!!My wife ordered the Wedge salad. They don't serve wedge salads. It was a chopped salad. The bill comes and my wife's house red wine was $8 and my Ketel One on the rocks was $10.50!! And it was a shitty pour!You go to Donovan's for a great steak and you order a drink on the rocks and you pay but you get a righteous pour! We won't be going back to zinburger with Oregano's across the street.
4	I really enjoyed Zinburger.Whatever.  12 dollars for a burger.  But it's an amazing burger.  I don't know why so many people are crying about the price... don't go?  Or go during happy hour to save a few bucks?  Who cares if they don't include fries in the price, ya cheapos.  We sat at the bar & had a beer.  This was the right choice.  Great people watching & were well attended to.Zucchini fries.  YUMM.Loaded fries.  Even better.We split the breakfast burger... which had a fried egg, bacon & avocado... it was melt in your mouth good.Their bloody mary was just... mehh.  I appreciate putting bacon on everything but it tasted like canned tomato juice.  Won't be ordering that ever again.Other than that, great place!
3	Cute place, unfortunately it is pretty small. Max occupancy is only 70 so you can quickly get into a 45 min wait time. The wait area is not separate from the eating area so unfortunately while we were trying to eat, people who were waiting and didn't have clear restaurant manner would stand with their backs practically right against our table talking loudly, even though in the wait area there was plenty of room for them to stand. I was disappointed that the 3 hostesses didn't ask people to move into the wait area away from the people dining. I almost asked the people myself to move away from our table. Having said that the staff was some of the friendliest I have ever encountered, very funny and interested in us and what had brought us out to them.Onto the food! All in all it was mixed for me. We tried the loaded fries but for me they were lacking in flavor and were nothing very special. They weren't bad, just not something I would pay for again. One of my favorite things is Ahi tuna so I went for the seared ahi tuna burger. To say I was disappointed would be an understatement. With the description of the burger with the cole slaw and the glaze I was expecting it to burst with flavor. Instead there was literally no flavor at all...zero. $14.50 and I only ate half of it. The tuna was also so tough that I couldn't bite through it and almost choked and got sick at the table because I couldn't get it down.My daughter's burger is a different story. This was probably one of the best burgers I have ever had. She got the blanco burger, Pico, guac and pepper jack cheese with the Kobe beef and it was outstanding. It definitely had that punch of flavor I had been hoping for in my burger. My only negative was they use the sweet Hawaiian buns for their burgers and that just doesn't work in my opinion. The sweetness is too much and makes it taste like you have sugar sprinkled on your burger.  It wouldn't stop me from eating here again, I would just not order the tuna again and go for one of the more flavorful selections. The iced tea was excellent as well! Fresh brewed black or green tea was magnificent. You could tell it was super fresh and very crisp tasting.All in all I would recommend this place, we will go back. The next time I will know what to avoid and will hopefully enjoy it more!
5	Came here on a weekday evening and the place was packed. Good sign.I like that this place was accommodating to our large group. Our server (bad with names) but she was the most awesome server ever! Very happy, helpful, and energetic gal! She was great. I've tried a couple of the shakes and the mint chip is my favorites! It's not overly minty which I like.Everything on the menu is worth trying in my opinion but spread out over many visits. It's a bit pricey but if you order and share it's not bad for the quality and taste you're paying for. Loud, nightlife atmosphere.
5	Oh just thinking about this place makes me hungry!  I had never been to a Zinburger before last week and now I want to go every day.  DELICIOUS hamburgers.  Amazing zucchini fries.  Fantastic service.  I would give this place a 10, but we're only allowed to rate it to a 5.  ASK for April as your server.  She has an awesome sense of humor and is a wonderful server.
2	Waited for months for this place to open.  Finally got in after work about 4pm.  Services was slow.  Had 2 burgers, Laoded frys, zucchini frys a soda and a beer.  Over $60.00 once we added tip.  As for favor...really nothing outstanding.  Next time We want a good burger I'll go down the street across from the police station.Nice open restaurant for the younger crowd.  Will we go back...maybe but not any time soon.
4	Tried the plain old burger, which comes with lettuce, tomato, mayo,  and added havarti cheese. Ordered it medium -well. It was really great. I'm not a big burger fan, mostly because I've never found a great burger. This was a tender, well cooked burger. Really happy with my choice and will order it again. Liked the zucchini fries, too, though a little on the thin and limp-side for my liking. Not greasy, but definitely could be improved upon.
5	It was delicious. We sat at the bar and service was good. The staff is aware that they cook the burgers slightly cooler than most people expect. Who cares,  I say? You can always throw it back on the heat but you can't take it away. Also, the beef they use isn't the crap you find in a tube for 2.19 a lb at Safeway, it needs to be treated a lot nicer. I had the El Diablo and my wife the Ringer. Along with the spicy green chili fries, it was a great meal. Expect to pay for quality food and enjoy it.
4	Ate here on the Friday after Christmas.  Place was packed.  At 5:30, there was an hour wait.  We met some friends and we were seating in the quoted time.  Waitress was pretty good, especially for how busy they were.We all got burgers.  The burgers were amazing, but for $10 they should be!  Fries are extra.  We got an ordering sweet potato fries, green chili fries, and zucchini fries.  All were good, except the green chili fries didn't seem like anything special.To finish off the dinner, we order a banana creme pie and the Banana Royal shake.  The pie was ok...not a big fan of creme pie.  The shake was pretty amazing!  More chocolate and banana than I was expecting.  But was SO good!  They are a must from now on.Overall it was really good.  It was just a little expensive.  I would defiantly recommend.
4	I had the Breakfast Burger, I ordered it Medium, and according to the server, that meant "warm pink" all the way throughout the burger. I got the burger and it was juicy, but it was not pink all the way through, looked more medium well. Don't get me wrong, it was still a very good burger.I do have one suggestion. I am single, and I usually am by myself, so I never can get a side. The reason is the sides are a la carte and they are sized for two people. I think they should add half size sides for the people who do not have a second person with them.
5	Wow! What a great find!! Visiting from California and came with my family! Everything was great! I had the Chinese Chicken Salad, side of fries I split and the Nutella Milkshake! All so good. The building is so cool! Our server was training to we had 2!
4	Stopped in for a casual brunch/lunch.  Got seated at the bar before 11:30.  By 11:45 the wait was 30 min on Sat. very good Bloody's.  Personable service.  Fresh air.  Veg burger sans bun was very nice.
3	Well where do I start .the place is loaded with tvs the atmosphere is great I got seated right away but I have to tell you for $10 a burger they need some help .  The turkey burger was cold at first bite and it had no zing to it ..I'm willing to give it another shot but it will be a while ..the fries were good tho
5	Definitely a 5 star experience...wine and burgers? What could be better? Not much.  They have a great wine selection and the food was exceptional.  I went with the turkey sloppy joe, which was so much better than I could've imagined.  The hubby went with the turkey burger and my son went with the Zinburger.  Both said they were the best they'd ever had.  Needless to say, if we're in a burger mood, we'll definitely be returning!
4	A must when in downtown Gilbert. If you want an excellent hamburger that's not your traditional one then this is the place.  The atmosphere is casual, great for a date and also good for families. Has a good sized bar with GREAT beer on tap. I recommend getting here early around 1130 for lunch or 530pm for dinner otherwise expect a wait because everyone wants to come experience this great place.
4	We have been to this location at least ten times, so obviously we are fans.  We have tried almost every burger on the menu at least once.  We have also sampled all of the side offerings.  We always order a Zucchini fries (with a side of the Truffle Aioli that comes with the truffle fries).  I am generally not a fan of vegetables disguising themselves as fries, but these are amazing.  Also, I am generally not a fan of $10.00 burgers and was pre-disposed to not like this place.  However, the burgers here are phenominal.  We can usually split one burger and one side (usually the green chile fries, but sometimes we venture out and try one of the others) and it is plenty for two of us (this is in addition to the aforementioned Zucchini fries, of course).  Our favorites are the Zinburger and the Plain and Simple (I even splurged once and got the Kobe style Plain and Simple - it was very good, but not good enough to justify the extra cost on a regular basis).  The onions on the Zinburger are braised in Zinfandel and very tasty.  Although I have not tried the Turkey burger, I have been told by several folks that have tried it that it is the best one they have tasted.  Flavorful and juicy.  You should always find out what the burger of the day is - we have had some pretty amazing ones.The shakes are also phenominal (although I prefer beer, I have tasted at least six different flavors of shakes and they were all outstanding).The staff is great.  Very pleasant and generally attentive.  We did have one incident where our server apparently walked oof after taking our drink orders, but once the management was made aware they were on top of it immediately (and stayed on top of it throughout our stay).  The management staff is very friendly and they are always walking around checking things out and making small talk with the patrons.All in all, for a higher end burger place, this is a very good choice (we can usually get out for under $30.00 for the two of us if it isn't Happy Hour - even less during HH).  This is propably my favorite place in Old Town Gilbert.
4	My brother and mom absolutely love this place, as done my extended Phoenix family. It's a very bright and cool restaurant. I loved the all-white walls and ceiling, especially with our lunchtime being on a sunny day. I thought since we arrived around 2/230 that it'd be dead and we could walk in with no wait - I was wrong! I guess Arizonans like to lunch late. The wait wasn't bad at all which gave me time to peruse the menu. We sat outside, right under a heater, but it would've been nice to have another. Our server was sweet and on-point. She made sure we were taken care of!She suggested the Double Truffle fries as a starter. They were meh - we would've been fine without them. Get the Sweet Potato fries instead. All 3 burgers came out amazing! I didn't try my mom's and brother's, but they loved them. My Blanco Burger was messy - use a fork & knife instead of trying to eat it with a bun. I can't wait to return and try another.
2	We had an ahi burger - zero taste compared to other local Ahi Burgers, server never heard of wasabi mayo and they did not carry.  Also had the Kobe burger- nothing special to pay 15-20 on.  I'm all for paying extra but if the food doesn't deliver, well then-
3	Good quality burger and a fun atmosphere, but pretty somewhat pricey for what you get. The burgers look pretty big when they land on your table, but then you realize there is a lot of bun and the meat is hiding. With fries and burgers priced separately, it can get pricey. $15-20 for a burger and fries. Meat and ingredients are good quality but not quite worth the price, and with nothing else really on the menu, you better be in the mood for a burger. I've heard one of the best features is the wine pairing, but I have not done that.
2	Burgers overpriced, buns stale, fry's cold, nothing special!   Nice atmosphere, but not worth the wait.  4 people, hamburgers, fry's, iced tea, over $80 bucks!   Hmmmmmm!
4	The burgers here are awesome.  Try the green chile fries and you will love them!  Great add to the Gilbert downtown area.
