5	I got a chance to take a sneak peak into The Lady Silvia during a globe salon event.  All I can say is that we need more places like this in Las Vegas! It is located on the bottom floor of the Soho Lofts downtown.  There is an unmarked door that leads you thru a small dark hallway.  There is another door that leads you to the bar.  It is beautiful inside, with checkered floors that are flanked by tall bookshelves full of books.  It is dark inside, there is a DJ booth and graffiti on the ceiling.  It is unpretentious and tucked away- so refreshing to have in Las Vegas.  Once this opens up, I will be here frequently.
4	Had the pleasure of visiting Lady Silvia last weekend for a friend's going away party. When visiting a new spot (especially one out of town), I go in with 0 expectations. The first few weeks of any new bar/restaurant are always a bit wonky - everyone is still working out the kinks.Love the aesthetic of this downtown lounge. Sexy library. With booze. There were TV's showing Magnum P.I. reruns too. Kinda random, but I love a good mustache any time.As I mentioned before, it takes awhile for any new spot to get into a groove and the drinks here are no exception - was warned ahead of time not to order anything too crazy. Cranberry and vodka it is! Served up cold and strong, just the way I like it. Bartenders were friendly, too.Looks like they'll be set up for video poker soon. Not sure if that's really necessary since it seems to be a perfectly lovely spot to hang out without gambling. But hey, I'm not a local, nor a betting woman. Would definitely come back when in town. Very cool, hip joint. Very Vegas. Me likey.
5	This bar is absolutely amazing. The vintage library look is unique and alot of thought was clearly put in the design. The drinks are reasonably priced and the staff is super friendly. I have allready been twice and had a great time. Unlike other downtown lounges this one is smoke free! ! You can't go wrong if you want a great place to meet up with friends and have a few drinnks
4	This spot makes me feel Im in a Stanley Kubrick movie . Its hidden entrance and lack of signage make you feel special when pull open the oversized wooden door. Go here after work start the night there then go back at the end of the night. Another great edition to the 18B
3	Once you step into this place you are amazed at the money and creativity they put into this place. I totally could live in Lady Silvia and make is a batchelor pad loft, just by moving a few pieces of furniture out to make room for my bed. This place is super rad inside. The bartenders are great and very much good at sitting and talking to you and remembering your name and shaking your hand when you come in. The things that give it only 3 stars are the PRICE OF DRINKS, the gaming in the top of the bar and the never ending "soft openings". I wish they would just have the dadgum grand opening already!! The drinks are twice the price of the drinks at Artifice 3 blocks away and the table top gaming is irritating because it's what I DON'T want to see in an artsy fartsy bar in the Arts District. They are just in the way of putting your drinks down and all the times I've been in there I've not once seen someone playing on them. I usually bring friends in here to show them how awesome it is in there, have one drink ( because of the high prices) and then head on down the road to Artifice or Dino's where my booze money can go 2 to 4 times the distance. I would give this place a SOLID 5 stars if they would do away with the gaming and lower the drink prices. Just saying my piece Mike and Sam, you guys have a great bar. Just needs those tweaks to make it what it needs to be and to get it totally packed.
4	Cool new spot in the sorta "mid-downtown" area. Think of it as like a poor man's "Library @ Marquee." I don't mean that in a bad way. It's definitely a great option if you're looking for a chill spot to have a drink.Tonight, they were playing what my friend described as "minimal techno" music. It definitely set up a chill and unique vibe. I like the comfortable chairs.They don't have a signature cocktail drink list set up yet, but the bartender told me they are working on one. For now, I ordered an Old Fashioned and it was pretty damn good.I'll definitely keep this place in mind for a return visit.
5	What a delightful surprise!!  In visiting my son last weekend he invited me and a friend to dinner which we had at Chicago Joe's across the street. So, when he asked us if we would like an after dinner drink we thought what the heck, sure. The best thing was to be able to walk across the street and be totally surprised  at where we ended up. This new bar is AMAZING from the minute you enter the building, then walk into a library type setting that would make Harry Potter glad... I would recomment this fantastic bar to anyone looking for a great new experience~~ Pat E.Lake Arrowhead, CA
5	A really great low-key place to hang out and have a drink!First, although the street address is 900 S Las Vegas Blvd, the entrance is actually on Hoover Ave, closer to 4th Street.  The Las Vegas Blvd address is for the Soho Lofts building.  There's no visible sign from the street so look for suite 130-140 (one of those) above a door, which is the entrance to a lobby -- I imagine to the Soho Lofts.  Just head straight inside and you can't miss the bar.  Parking is available across the street on 4th and Hoover, but it's (sort of) unpaved/gravel-y so watch out with strappy heels!  The inside is dim but has some really neat antique/gothic looking furniture, e.g., high back velvet chairs and tables with marble tops.  The walls are lined with bookshelves from floor to ceiling with books.  There's also some beautiful ornate chandeliers and light fixtures.  The sitting area is pretty spacious with lots of chairs, chaise lounge chairs and sofas, and looks like it can accommodate various groups of people.  They had music playing from speakers, but it wasn't so loud that I had to shout to talk to the person next to me.  It also looks like they have a DJ booth. The bar area itself is smallish; from what I remember, there's no menus so be prepared to know what you want to order!  I tried to order a Dark and Stormy but unfortunately, they didn't have ginger beer.  Other than that, the bar seemed to be fully stocked.  If you sit in the sitting area after a certain time (9pm on Saturday), a waitress comes around.    My group left about 10:15pm on a Saturday night and although it wasn't crowded by any means, it had started to pick up.  We then headed over to Insert Coins, and while that was fun, it would have been just as good (or better) to stay at The Lady Silvia.  It has a very cool and sophisticated ambiance, really similar to The Artisan.
4	Like: Downtown Cocktail LoungeThe Lady Silvia is a sweet little speakeasy located on the street level of ultrachic SOHO Lofts. It opened I think fall 2011, still few people know about it. Enter Lady Silvia from Hoover St, near Resnick's Grocery. We always find street parking, but it looks like you can park in a flat lot across Hoover St. Upon entering, you are met with a Please No Smoking sign. It seems to me the main customers of Silvia are the denizens of SOHO Lofts. Secondary audience, I think, is the artsy-fartsy crowd -- I heard about Silvia through my ubertrendy art cluster. I've been only a couple of times and both times, it was relatively slow. The bar entertained near it's max capacity of twelve, but the table seating (of maybe 40 tops) had only two parties of two. I don't know if it ever gets crazy busy, but the times I've been there, it's been a mellow place to hang out and just talk either with a date or a medium-size group of friends. The theme is kind of like The Library [bar] in NY. The longest walls are stuffed with old legal texts, encyclopedias, year books, etc, and a couple mounted flat screens. At the far end is the DJ booth, though the music isn't so loud you can't hear your party talk about the latest American Apparel ad campaign. Don't expect to find a dance crowd; this is a loungey lounge. The high ceilings are adorned with spray paint, looking like Basquiat did the honors after being forced to take Lithium for a year. The furnishings are very World Market Center. Gilded Rococo chairs with pops of sick neon green, acrylic chairs, curly elaborate fixtures, and the like. Unusual color combinations that seem to work. The drinks are not that expensive. I had a $6 gin and tonic with an average pour.
3	Looks awesome on the inside and is super cute but... My experience just wasn't very good. I came here with high hopes since a bunch of friends had raved and I really really wanted to love it as much as they all do. I brought a check-in special and headed to the bar. Someone asked if they could help me, when I showed them the offer they said they couldn't help me, I needed one of the female bartenders, and walked away. He came back later asking if I'd been helped. Um, no. Finally a bartender came out of her conversation with the other bartender to see if I wanted anything. She was friendly and prompt but the time I spent waiting for help was twice as long as the time it took for them to help me. We found seats and hung out for a bit to drink and then left. I'd give it another shot but if the next visit is much the same, I probably won't come back. The music was ok, decor was wonderful, we had an okay time.
3	Well I've definitely experienced better, but I'm going to give this place 3 stars because the interior was very pretty and the speakeasy theme was executed well. It was actually hard for us to find the place because we kept driving back and forth on Vegas Blvd and Hoover, but we didn't see a single sign anywhere, besides the one for the parking lot which was run by some guy that looked like an old bum. In fact, when we entered the dirt parking lot, my friend literally said, "Okay, I'm assuming that's just a bum," but then the guy asked us to roll down the window so he could tell us where to park. That actually gave us a good laugh though. Then we walked around the building on the corner of Hoover and Vegas Blvd, but still saw no sign, so we just went inside and asked the front desk guy where The Lady Silvia was. There is no sign at all, but when you open the door you hear the music and there's a guy that checks everyone's IDs as they walk in. Definitely "speakeasy style." The place is pretty small, so most of the nice seats were taken, but we went to the bar first to claim our free Stella with check-in. We had to wait about 5 minutes because the bartender girls kept only helping out the men (big tips I'm guessing) and the one guy behind the bar (I'm guessing he was a barback) would ask us what we needed, then immediately tell us he can't help us. We finally got our Stella in a regular pint glass. It looked like we were the only people that got Stella in a pint glass though. Everyone else got the nice Stella Artois glasses. It wasn't a big deal though, just a minor detail. We were probably here for about 15 minutes before deciding to leave because we just didn't get a very good vibe here. I might give this place another shot sometime in the future, but not anytime soon.
5	Even with GPS, this is still a place that even guys have to ask for directions to navigate to. But it is a nice lounge close to downtown to hang out at, away from the usual tourists hot spots and drunk cigerette smoking drink spillin' people . The only thing to really keep in mind is that no food is serve here, so eat before coming here or pick up something from the grocery store a few doors down or order some pizza and have it delivered.And DO NOT rearrange the furniture!Extra star for no smoking!
4	So cool you can't even find it.I've been here a couple times. The second time, I couldn't remember where I was going... Luckily, my recollection of the location got a little better and I will continue to return for my usual crown & 7.DECOR: This place screams speakeasy!! But I'm going to assume they have a liquor license and you don't need a secret password to get in. The Prohibition era concept was perfectly executed here. The walls are lined with antique'd books. And there are a bunch of cozy chairs and couches so you can take a seat and hang with friends.MUSIC: Both times, they played house music.EVENTS: I was first introduced to the Lady Sylvia at the MetroArts Ermelinda Manos fashion show. They opened up into the space/gallery next door. Runway and all. Generally well-dressed people, strong drinks, good company.This place has a certain appeal you cant find anywhere else in Las Vegas. If you're looking for an off-beat date to have a drink or you're just bored of the rest of the town, check this place out! Oh, and if you're hungry. Feel free to order in. They don't have a problem with outside food since they don't serve any!
3	The atmosphere is great for a romantic couple or group no more than 5. Otherwise, Watch OUT. They reaalllllyyyy didn't like us moving the furniture so we a group of 15 or so could hang out and chat. It put a bit of a damper on my willingness to get lit. After all I wouldn't want to offend them. My thought was instead of having to put the furniture back immediately where we got it from (especially since we were the only ones in there) let us know to make sure we put it back before we leave, after all we are adults. The drinks were a bit on the expensive side, 15 a mixed drink which is: meh, okay, I had better; for the price I expected it to taste at least good to yum. So we limited our drinks, for that reason and I had work really early the next morning.  To improve, esp. if the place is empty: -use a different technique. I would have been more relaxed, had more fun, ordered more overpriced drinks and tipped better.  -come out from behind the bar once in a while if no one else is there and see if there is anything else we want (you would have made alot more money in tips).
5	just moving into Soho and stumbled upon The Lady Silvia. ABSOLUTELY loved it! Incredibly nice people, welcomed us to the neighborhood. Loved the atmosphere! If you live in Vegas and know of the Griffin, it's kinda like Griffin meets a library with a Cheers neighborly feel. I just got the keys to my place today and I'm already in love with this as my new hang out spot. Best part, bring your dog to the bar!
2	This is a Hipster Bar that goes out of it's way to be a hipster bar. I get it you don't have a sign, you're too cool for a sign, but guess what, it's almost impossible to find you without a sign, it's even harder when you're in the lobby of a loft building.The library feel of the place was nice and the staff was ok, but other than that I can honestly say I don't get why people like this place. It's and average bar, in a somewhat crappy location, that goes out of it's way to not be "found". And if a group of more than 5 want's to go in the place forget about it, there were 4 people (including 2 employees) in the place when our group arrived, when we tried to move a chair you would have thought we were knocking down a load bearing wall, it's chair, get over yourselves. So unless you want to sit sprawled across 3 living rooms worth of furniture that is not really arranged in any practical fashion while straining to hear what people on the other side of the group are saying, you're better off going somewhere more group friendly.They always say To Each Is Own, but I guess to me it's not The Lady Silvia
5	I was really skeptical of this place at first, thinking it was going to be hipster vomit and mega-over priced drinks. But after spending some time there on their non-busy nights, I really enjoy the place. The bartenders are always super friendly and chatty. The drink menu is very unique and fun. $12-$14 for their signature cocktails, but they are worth it. The decor is bad ass. Very unique. I always feel like I am sitting in one of my rich friends' dad's basement. Except instead of stealing from his bar, I just pay for my drinks like an adult ;)
4	The Lady Silvia is a very mysterious lady indeed. You can walk on by and not even notice her. There are no signs or advertisements in the area to indicate she exists. It's a modern day speakeasy nestled near Resnicks when you look through the glass door it looks like an empty office space. Walk straight and push open the door that resembles a wall panel.When you walk in it looks like a library with vintage accents. The ceiling is decorated with graffiti. The drinks run about $12.00 to $14.00 dollars each. I had a Cherry Collins it tasted decent. I've never had a drink sprinkled with pepper before ...it was different.  I like the atmosphere because the music isn't too loud and you can carry on a conversation over it. Whatever you do don't move the furniture around they are sensitive about that. The chairs are unique and look cool so I don't blame them.It's a perfect place to have drinks with friends because it's in a intimate space. The location downtown is low key and the there is perfect parking across the street.
2	I really was hoping to like this place. I live downtown so any new addition to my neighborhood is welcome.The good: gorgeous bar. Nice looking crowd. Decent music.The bad: Completely lackadaisical staff. It wasn't busy.  We sit at the bar. Over 10 minutes before a bartender even notices us because she's busy socializing. Second round of drinks? Didn't happen. We got bored waiting and left.You go to bars that are twice as busy downtown like the Griffin or Artifice and those bartenders work it. I'm not seeing that here.NOTE: here's no sign and it's next to Global Salon, if that helps.
4	Went to The Lady Silvia when my guy and I were doing a "1920s" themed date night.  Thanks to fellow Yelp reviewers, we didn't have a hard time finding the place.  Found the dirt-ish lot, and saw two guys standing outside a door smoking.  Figured that was the place and so it was.  The bouncer was extremely nice, and I loved the decor when I entered.The place was pretty packed when we got in at about 10pm on a Saturday.  We were able to snag one seat at the bar, and my guy stood next to me.  Drinks were fair priced - what you'd expect from this kind of little lounge.  The bartenders were very friendly and attentive, The screens behind the bar were playing old 1920s silent movies which I found awesome, and the furnishings and decorations were amazing.  It was like the Roaring 20s meets Anthropologie.  My only downside was the house music the DJ was spinning was playing was so loud we were literally yelling at each other to talk.  Yes, it was great for keeping the mood up, but given this wasn't exactly the type of place you dance at, I expected something a little lower for conversation.All in all, we'd definitely try it again.  The night we went there were two parties going on, which could account for some of the loud and busyness.  If you're looking for a lounge that feels different than your average 20 something casino lounge or nightclub, it's worth going and checking it out.
3	You probably won't find this place the first time you look for it, because there's no sign and it's set back a bit into the building.  But just find Globe Salon and it's right next door.  Yeah, just go into that dark creepy hallway, you're almost there....I love the decor and the smoke-free environment here! and..... it's pretty close to my house?Sorry, I run out of good things pretty quickly.  This place has a lot of potential, but has two major downfalls - super overpriced drinks and crazy slow service.  The drinks were pretty tasty, but for $12-14 at a small, off-strip location, I would like to be blown away with deliciousness.  (compare to $8-11 for as good or better drinks at DCR or Vanguard).  If money is no object, they have a very impressive selection of original and classic cocktails.  The bathrooms are located outside the actual bar, in that dark hallway as you come in, just FYI.I'll be happy to come back when I have plenty of time and someone is buying me drinks.  The couches are not only gorgeous, but super comfortable. It's a place you'd like to stay and have an intimate chat or good for a bigger group (just don't move the furniture!)I think this place is still finding it's way a bit, so I'm optimistic for the future. After spending a hour in a smoky bar this past weekend leaving smelling like an ashtray, it really makes me appreciate places that are smoke-free.
4	So this is going to get a bump in stars for some special circumstances, and a knock in stars, too... so I think it balances nicely at 4*'s...First: atmosphere. Incredible. I have a graduate degree in set design, and this place is legit. The library, the couches, the details - so different! Such a payoff for just FINDING the place (it makes you feel special just for getting there). It's next door to Globe Salon FYI :)Second: vibe. It was Monday night and completely dead. So dead that it was just me, my buddy, and the bartender for a while. This was a bonus since the bartender was bored and made us specialty shots of their margarita (the pinch of cayenne is so great! i'm going to have to start doing that!). I think it'd be a great party spot, but for being empty it lacked energy.Third: libations. I ordered The Expressionist. My buddy ordered The District. We ended up switching. The were solid drinks, but with a solid price tag. I think the Manhattan I had at Vanguard was better, at almost half the price, but both were very tasty creations.Enjoy the adventure of it all! Love that downtown is getting so crafty!
4	The first rule of The Lady Sylvia is that you don't talk about The Lady Sylvia.  Then again, maybe you should, or how would they get any business?  What I'm alluding to is the fact that you would never be able to accidentally stumble onto this speakeasy unless you are specifically looking for it (then again that wouldn't be an accident).  There is no sign anywhere, it's in the middle of a street most people wouldn't intentionally drive through, and the parking lot across the street is just a dirt lot!  So really this a place that truly relies on word of mouth and social media marketing.And good thing it has so much going for it in order to help that word of mouth.  I can't figure out the difference between hipster and trendy, but I'm sure this would be some sort of combination of the two.  Just imagine it as a library with some fancy-pants furniture and combine it with the secrecy, you'll feel like you're part of the Illuminati.  The walls are filled with books, and the TVs have films from the Criterion collection (for you people not in that know, that usually means old foreign films) playing.  The bartenders are attractive in a bohemian way and there's a DJ in the back when you come in later at night although then the music gets a little to loud to have a proper conversation.  There's also an art gallery connected that they take advantage of special events every now and then.As for the drinks themselves, I do particularly enjoy the specialty drinks which range from $12-$14 such as The Lady Sylvia itself.  The only beer they have on draft is Stella Artois and if you just know when to come or what you need it just may be on the house.  As for the well drinks, that would probably be my one knock on this place as they're definitely watered down.  I plan to stick to the Stella Artois, Newcastle, and the specialty drinks in the future.  It would be nicer if it was closer to those bars on Fremont Street or by Charleston & Main for some hopping but then again, maybe this lady deserves your complete attention.
5	First, I need to say that if your grip is with not being able to find the place, then maybe you should not come here. This place is fantastic. I love the ambiance, the hidden location, the cocktails. There are so many things I love about The Lady Silvia. If I was to create a bar/cocktail lounge, this would certainly be a template. I love that it is one of a select few non smoking bars in the area. I really dig the feel of a mansion library and the antique, yet comfortable furniture. It's only a fireplace and a few ghouls away from becoming the Haunted Mansion at Disney Land. Again, yes it's hard to find. However, it is well worth every effort you may put forth. Their parking lot (to the north, just across the street) is dirt so keep that in mind.The cocktail list is excellent, featuring signature, twisted and seasonal selections. Beer options are 6$, with a nice list of white and red wines. Bottle service is also available at 200$. I also feel that after reading other Yelp reviews, a word should be said about the service. On a reasonably busy Saturday night, we were greeted promptly, and exceptionally. The service may not be as fast as you are you used to at your normal watering hole, but these are craft cocktails, people. Relax, enjoy the atmosphere and wait a minute for your drink. Hours are S-T 3:00pm-2:00am, F-S 3:00pm - 3:00am. Let's keep this place around.
4	Quiet, cool place near downtown. The interior looks like a Victorian library and though it's clearly fake, it's well done. Cocktails were solidly good and a good deal better than anything on the strip.  It was hard to find as there is no sign out front and the entrance is on a side street.
2	We've been here before and even catered a few events here, but unfortunately this evenings performance was lack luster for both service and drink quality. Considering that these are two out of three of Lady Silvia's main "categories" means that it only leaves atmosphere left, which was also lacking tonight because of the association that was present for their group meeting. It took about 15 minutes to order 3 drinks after being ignored....we were sitting at the bar, which shouldn't be too difficult, one of us was also gambling. It was pretty apparent that the usual appearance of ownership was not here tonight and being in the food service business we understand how hard it is to hire staff to become an extension of yourself; from one owner to another we wish you better luck next time on your hiring expedition.
3	So after a while of circling the building a few times, a regular patron came to save us and show us the way in. The way the doors looked I thought it was a hallway into the building and not a suite. It is rather dark inside so it doesn't really tip you off to anything there. If you're a poor soul with bad direction - look for the Globe Salon. Now to the right of it are doors with a big 140 / 150 and there you go. Once you are in you find yourself a dark, romantic, swank little nook. The BF and I ordered The Expressionist and the Goldie. The Expressionist sounded good to us with a Irish Whiskey base, but it was a bit heavy on the orange bitters that overpowered anything else. The Goldie was pretty tasty though. I'm not normally a creamy cocktail type of gal, but lately that expresso creaminess sounds so nice. . $33 w/tip to have one drink each is steep. If it was exceptionally mixed and innovative then I wouldn't have problems with paying that, but the Expressionist only had a face of orange and not the wave of flavors we hoped. We were there within Happy Hour time, but we were charge regular price as well I realized....good thing I handed over a groupon I had. Still, if it's 15 minutes before the hour ends, it's still happy so that was a bit sucky. It's a nice place to have a drink with a date, but I don't see myself going here a lot since it's a ways from other things. Maybe for a Midnight Snack pop up restaurant event I will give this place another go.
2	The Good:- location is cool, in the Soho lofts downtown, unmarked building, which reminds me of the cool lounges/underground bars in NYC.-decor resembles an old library.  Kind of reminds me of  Disneyland's popular "dark rides,  old vintage furniture gives Las Vegans something different.-bathrooms are clean which says a lot for a downtown spot. No nasty pee puddles or clogged up toilets. -music is good.  lounge house music and sometimes a good DJ spinning.  The Bad:-overall, wasn't that impressed.  Went with a group after a concert once.  We stayed for one drink and great convo, but I've had a better time at the Artifice. My next visit was with a date.  Anywhere he and I go is sexy with a capital "S" but this place just wasn't for us.  Again, stayed for one drink and we were out.-seriously, where's the eye candy?  Not here.  Hey, even if I'm on a date, I like to see some cuties (men and women included).- the drinks sucked and are just as pricey as the Strip.  If I wanted to pay $12 for a cocktail, I would have gone to the Cosmopolitan.  -MEH, what the heck has everyone been ranting and raving about?  I don't get it. I may try this place one more time, but 3 strikes and you're out, My Lady!!
1	In town for a congress and not a fan of Vegas my friends stole me away from the strip for dinner, a happy hour drink and some jazz. We got to The Lady Silvia and it reminded me of a done up Mega-version of LA's Library Bar. The decor was fancy-cheeseball. Gaudy nuveau-riche furniture and chandeliers, trying so hard to look expensive but you can tell its cheap furniture and decor. Done up Vegas style. The jazz band was great, it made the uppity, snooty bar feel a lot less pretentious, more mellow and relaxed.One star because the service was despicable. Two washed up ex-sorority sisters working the bar (a blonde and a brunette with fake boobs and melting cakey make-up two shades too dark) were being really snooty about the free drinks promotion and refused to give me and my girl friend the free drinks that were being given out FREE to EVERYONE as a promotion. WTF!!! The funny thing is, that as a social experiment, we sent my friend's boyfriend to ask for the drink and they just gave it to him no problem and no questions asked. Really?Thank God for Yelp! And for cathartic ONE star reviews post shitty experiences!Suck it ladies!- (and I call them ladies cause I don't want to use the "B" word, though I was tempted, with the immature treatment and terrible customer service received, after I had bought three drinks AND tipped)! Wish I could have gotten my tip back!Oh well, at least I can leave this tip on Yelp for future Vegas visitors looking for a possible bar. Avoid this one. It thinks itself high and mighty and it's really just sad how hard it tries!
3	The bar itself is visually pleasing. The old bookcase theme is clever. The random chairs and black/white floor sets off a hipster vibe like no other. The bar serves food and boasts a "No Smoking" policy, which I am totally down with.Drinks though, as others have noted, are pricey. These are prices I would expect to pay on the strip, not in some random lofts next to a beauty salon downtown. Downtown is known for having these great bars with great drinks prices - so that is where Lady Sylvia is lacking. While there during happy hour ($6 wines/$3 beers/lower well drink prices) my friends and I partook of their wine. I happened to have the Rock N Roll Wine which they are offering at $3 a glass during the month of August. My friends had wine as well. I decided, what the hell, I'll try one of the cocktails (the $12 ones, NOT the $14 ones, are you freaking kidding me? I can get better mixed drinks than these at Comme Ca during their happy hour for LESS!). I had the 18b, a very nice concoction featuring blueberry vodka. I will admit, Kenny, the bartender, knows how to mix it up well. The food - while we were there they were serving up tapas (called something else with a "p", but basically - tapas). They basically placed them all on a side of the bar and it was buffet style. Go up, get what you want and then tell the bartender what you had. Honesty policy pretty much. I had two tapas - don't remember their names, but they were pretty good. But they were all served on slices of thick, toasted bread. I like that they serve food - I just don't like the way they do it. None of the tapas were noted as to what they actually were. I picked up something I thought was seafood, but when I bit into it, it was definitely potatoes. The food is yes, a great idea, I think they just need to work on how they DO IT. Last but not least a few minor flaws - the gaming machines on the bar - why? While I was there not one person was gaming, not one. Young, hipster Las Vegans do not go Downtown to gamble. Lose the machines and the bar would be much better. And lastly - while my friends and I were there a couple came in the bar and brought in two dogs. The woman actually sat at the bar and held the dog in her lap. I mean, it was a serious WTF moment for me. Who brings dogs into a bar? What kind of bar (especially one that serves food) allows people to bring in their dogs? And no, these dogs were not seeing-eye dogs. THAT is one of the reasons I dropped this place a whole star. Without the dog fiasco it probably would have been 4.So - visually pleasing, decent drinks (yet, again, pricey) a good bartender - in all honesty, had a decent time. Would I go back? Probably during happy hour. Would I be back on say, a Saturday night? Nah. I'll go to Vanguard and Downtown Cocktail Lounge for that.
3	I really, really want to LOVE this place. It has a hidden location, cool furniture arranged perfectly for chatting and snacking, books everywhere, and just a cool, library decor. But it's...confused. The bar itself was beautiful and kind of glamorous, as was the lighting. It had a classy feel to it, but then they had sports on the TVs? WHY? First of all, you don't need a TV! And if you do, play old movies or something a little unusual. But this is NOT a sports bar. Then the ceiling, which could have been elegant, had graffiti on it. Huh. I like graffiti, it just didn't fit. And the music was kind of hip-hoppish. I like this place, I just wish they'd pick a theme and go with it.Aside from all that, the drinks were wonderful. There were many unique drinks to choose from, and all four of us in our party were happy with their selections. People who are complaining about the prices...get over it. You're in a cocktail bar in Vegas...expect to pay at least $12 for a drink. You can always stay home with your Coors Light, you know.I think I'll come back when they are playing Jazz...it seems like that would create more of a whole package!
4	Went in the first time yesterday....Had a really nice time.  I did read some negative reviews but have the say people really nice and Kenny the bartender was great!I am sure that we will be back!
4	Last night we came to The Lady Silvia after pregaming at my friends loft in Soho.  There's a bouncer at the front entrance carding you.  When you walk through the hallway into the actual bar, you are transformed to an English-Prague type establishment.  The black and white checkerboard floor puts a nice touch to the ambiance.  The lighting is dim and intimate and the overall feel is super chill.  The staff was nice and there was a lot of space.   Definitely a lounge worth revisiting :-)
3	Went on a Friday night with a DJ. Fun music, neat decor. They were playing some French new-wave film alongside an older version of hamlet; worked really well with the library decor and close seating. Cocktails pricey for the location, but solid - their mint julep is much less sweet than I'd expect, nice and subtle. Definitely worth another visit, esp. on Friday evenings for live jazz and happy hour.
5	Hidden away in the Soho Lofts building in downtown Vegas, is one of the top lounge bars in Vegas.  The space is brilliantly arranged--intimately lit and decorated with comfy, stylish couches.  It's also set up like a private library with shelves of books climbing to the ceiling.  The ceiling is covered in what looks like subway tunnel graffiti.  Flat-screen televisions behind the bar usually show sports and flat-screen televisions in the book shelves show black and white movies (often a classic version of Hamlet).  It's a mosaic of punk and Victorian decoration styles and I'm a big fan.Like most lounge bars today, the drink menu is based on mixologist creations.  Lots of clever, tasty mixed drinks.  People I've brought there rave about the mixed drinks.  I'm more of a straight bourbon and beer fella, so I'll speak to that.  There's a decent whiskey selection (not outstanding, but plenty of tasty options) and Stella is on tap.  They do a nice pour on the whiskey.  The seating is comfy.  And the folks you'll meet at the bar are interesting.  That's a nice hang out spot.
5	Love this place... Great house cocktails and atmosphere.  They can do all the classics also, but their specialty drinks are fantastic.  The keg-erator of Stella Artois and proper matching glasses can't be ignored also.I love the interior design of The Lady Silvia, it's like a dark library but very lively.  Definitely worth your effort to find this place.  It's unmarked from the outside, which is very cool.
4	I've been to The Lady Silvia three times now.  I want to like it more and give out 5 stars, but 4 sits just perfect with my conscious.The Lady Silvia probably has the coolest interior of any Vegas bar.  In fact they take it as far as they can without pushing over-the-top for trying way too hard.The Lady Silvia is certainly not a hipster bar as some have suggested.  They do things too well here for the hipster to love on it.  The clientele is not comprised of hipsters.  The drinks & the prices do not speak  to the hipster.  Having said my peace  there I can now continue to review...The drinks are one of the areas that prevent The Lady Silvia from attaining 5 stars.  There are several solid classic cocktails, as well as a few original creations that are enjoyable.  The drinks just fall a little short...lacking balance and proper execution generally speaking.  The prices have dropped from when I first came in though--the house crafted drinks going for $10 or $11 as opposed to $15.  The bartenders also earn the 4 star mark...better than the average bar tender, but not the exceptional mixologist that I would expect upon entering into The Lady Silvia.The Lady Silvia also has a wide array of events and weekly alterations to their normal business flow.  This is not good or bad in and of itself.  I am not into their attempt to be a sports bar during football nights, but others appreciate it I'm sure.They also offer some CLASSIC Spanish style tapas for a couple of bucks.  They make for some nice snacks while you drink.For me the hero is the ambiance and atmosphere.  And I will return again for that.  The Lady Silvia is a perfect place to come with a group of 4 - 6 friends who want to relax, enjoy some conversation on some uber cool couches, and have some good drinks....the pictures do not begin to do justice to the decor inside.The Lady Silvia also lacks any sign.  I like this.  You have to find it to enjoy it though.  Enter on Hoover between the Globe Salon and the Gallery of Contemporary Art.
4	The Lady Silvia  offers craft cocktails in a neat speakeasy-like environment.  No external signage or obvious entry markings make it a cool experience to find during your first visit, while the assorted furniture and no smoking make for a relaxing spot to enjoy drinks and conversation.It seems like many past reviews commented on the high price of drinks.  During my visit last night, the cocktail menu had signature, seasonal, and craft cocktail sections.  I forget which is which, but pricing for each section was $10, $11 or $12.  And there is happy hour!  It goes from opening till 8:00pm, and cocktails are only $6!I only had a Manhattan and one of their seasonal cocktails, a gin based drink with apricot flavoring and some other fixings that I don't remember.  Both were well made, and has me looking forward to trying out more of the menu.  Good drinks and a cool atmosphere make this a cocktail lounge you need to check out.
5	Went there for my birthday and was completely blown away. The bartenders and DJ were perfect. Attentive, quick and friendly. The requests made before getting there (a reserved space, tables and seats) were all set up beforehand. Bottle service was set up quickly with plenty of mixers. I can't wait to go back. I absolutely love this place.
4	This is an interesting little bar in the bottom of Soho lofts. Finding it is a little challenging; I'll save you some time and tell you the entrance is next to Globe Salon.  Once inside you'll find an interesting decor that has a decidedly artsy feel to it. They have a menu of specialty cocktails and we all tried something different. None of us got what we were expecting from the menu; some of us were happier, some of us went back to the bar to order something simpler. If you are feeling adventurous, I'd say that their cocktail menu is for  you, but I'd describe the things we tried as a "reimagining" rather than a "twist" on traditional drinks.  We really liked the variety of different seating arrangements; whether you want a seat at the bar or a table for groups, there are options. The couches are clearly the choice seats, but there didn't seem to be a bad seat in the house.  As mentioned in other reviews, there is no smoking in the bar. Given how cloudy Las Vegas bars can be, this (if nothing else) is a great reason to go to Lady Sylvia.
3	The varied styles of antique-y looking furniture and bookshelves (with both real and fake books) high up the walls give this place a cool feel, and the fact that they don't have a sign outside the door gives it a kind of "exclusive" air that a lot of people apparently dig (I really couldn't care less). It attracts some of the types of people I try to stay away from (perhaps you've seen me mention wannabe hipsters in other reviews, especially about downtown places?), but most of the time I can overlook that. I might come back more often if the service were better and the drinks were cheaper. I had been handed a free drink coupon by one of their staff during some event I was at, and when I returned a few months later and gave it to my friend to use, the bartender not only refused to honor it, but also confiscated it from him and threw it away. WTF? There was no manager around at the time for us to consult with. That whole experience was a huge turn-off. Other times, a few of the different bartenders just haven't been that friendly, and they also didn't pour their drinks very well. (To be fair, some of them are very friendly and/or can also pour well; I just wish that extended to the entire bar staff). Normally, I just stick to going to Lady Silvia only on nights when Rock & Roll Wine does their free tastings there, or to stop in for a quick happy hour drink pre-First Friday activities.
2	Very disappointing... And here is why...1) $16 cab ride from Encore, which is already on the north end of the strip2) neighborhood itself is very seedy and impossible to get a cab AFTERWARDS. Ended up going to a gas station and a local pizza delivery guy gave us a ride. (Note: order from Prima Pizza!!)3) bartenders and cocktail waitresses were both yawning multiple times! It was only midnight. Not a great tone to set for patrons. 4) I asked for a Moscow Mule and they were 'out of' ginger beer. What kind of speakeasy doesn't have ginger beer. 5) I settled for their 'House Speciality' drink the 'Expressionist', which was okay, but the bartender didn't even know the ingredients so she had a reference her cheat sheet. Lame. 6) I asked for a Kir Royal for my wife. A very basic and simple drink but bartender said she didn't know what it was and made no effort to ask. 7) $14 per drink for all of the above is a joke. Ended up costing $16+$31+7 (tip for pizza guy)= $53 for two mediocre cocktails. Won't be back.
3	We were trying to find parking for First Friday and found this lot across the street that the owner of Lady Sylvia was guarding. He told he'd let us park there for free (and not be towed) if we visited his bar, The Lady Silvia, for a couple of drinks. We figured, why the hell not?There's no sign outside to indicate that there's a bar here at all, making it low-key, old-style hipster, and almost "exclusive." We had a pleasant surprise after walking through the doors. There's a short hallway leading to the bar. To the left of the hallway, there's the bathrooms (and they're clean too!) and to the right, there's an large-room art gallery. Definitely got us in the mood for First Friday! Kind of lends to the character of the place. Inside this lady, my date and I felt certainly under-dressed. Everyone was done up with club dresses and suits. Low lighting and a loud band, this place was lively with a hint of intimacy. There's a small bar and then there's a large lounge area with fancy plush chairs and tables. The walls are adorned with shelves full of books and some TVs playing an old black-and-white movie that nobody can hear. It all lends to the atmosphere of this place. Initially, I thought this place was swanky and cool. It certainly is. It's a hidden gem that I can imagine only a few people would know about. On the other hand, it's a bit gimmicky. I do like that it's nonsmoking though.The drinks were definitely pricey! Rivaling strip prices even. Luckily, we were there during their Happy Hour (7 days/week, 5p-8p & Reverse Happy Hours: Tues-Wed-Thurs 11p-1a according to their site). $3 beers and reduced well drinks. I got a Moscow Mule and it tasted delicious for the first few sips and then I got an overpoweringly weird slam of ginger. Just ginger. Needed to mix it more. Their appletini was delicious. Their Cherry Collins was nicely crafted. Felt fancy.A caveat though: my date and I were definitely the youngest people there. Everyone there was late twenties and up. Nothing wrong with that...just not really our scene yet. Would have been been nice to have a good mixture of ages instead. Kind of awkward. We got quite a few stares from people around us. I came here again with a group of girlfriends for their PUSH Thursdays event and needless to say, we were still the youngest there. You might not be bothered by that and still have a great time!   The gambling machines at the bar made no sense. Kind of a WTF were they thinking putting this in. I mean, you've got the perfect original, speakeasy atmosphere going on and the well-dressed crowd, and you're going to have awkward thing at my seat at the bar? Hell, you could go to some Vons or a CVS to gamble. And it's much closer to home. Save that for the strip.This is definitely a fun place for friends to come hang out at, maybe not to meet people though. People mainly kept to themselves like a clique out of the few times I went. Owner and service is awesome. Liked the fact that the restroom is clean too. It's a great, fun bar downtown with a nice concept. Worth a visit if you're in the area.
3	Getting in the front door was a cinch as someone in our group had been here before...although I wasn't paying attention at all so next time might be a little more difficult.I'm not into sacrificing my retirement for a for a drink so I stuck to beer.  Prohibition ended 80 years ago.  I don't understand the whole speakeasy crazy drink prices thing.  Stella is the only thing on tap, which is fine by me.  They also pour it in Stella's  famous chalice glass which makes me feel all swanky inside.  I fully expected this to be $9 or $10 but it came in at $6.  I think $6 is my don't Whine-About-The-Price-Of-A-Beer thresh hold so that was nice.  The bartender said they'd have a few more things on tap coming soon.We showed up around 9 on a First Friday and it was relatively quiet.  By the time we left is was pretty packed.  Out group gathered around a small table and seated ourselves on an eclectic assembly of little stools etc.   The decor described in other reviews is pretty interesting and felt sort of European.  I repeatedly found myself wanting to read the books but I guess that would have been a little anti social...maybe next time I'll come by myself and nerd out,Overall this is a nice place to start off the night, I'll be back.
3	I don't understand this place.  It's not a bad place, don't get me wrong.  It's just impossible to find.  Met some business partners here and it took me forever to find.  There's no sign outside and it's located in a place you wouldn't generally think a bar would be.  The set up inside is interesting as well.  Small little bar with a couple of flat screen TVs, the walls are decorated like a quaint little library with some chairs in the middle.  Price range is reasonable, this place has a feel like a members only bar and outsiders are not welcome.
2	Yea you see it, two stars. We arrived around 6, it wasn't too busy, plenty of seats at the bar and around the lounge. The three of us went up to the bar to grab a drink, and the male bartender, probably pushing 50, wearing a Afflication shirt two sizes too small and attempting to pull off a faux hawk, asks us what we would like. I ask if they have a specialty cocktail menu, he says no, not in a joking manner but kinda rough and rude. I could have sworn I read in reviews they had specialty cocktails, but ok, so then I ask what kind of Pinot Noir they have, he responds back to me, "Oh you must be the difficult friend" Excuse me? Yes I am picky when it comes to wine and specialty cocktails and that's the reason I ask BEFORE ordering a drink. I should have walked out then and there but my two friends wanted to stay and check out the lounge area. So after we sat there for a little bit, I didn't even finish my wine (I was given O.P.P, others people Pinot) we decided to leave. After leaving Bar & Bistro and having a wonderful experience over there with the bartender and the cocktails, I wouldn't give this guy another dime.
2	The place is a little difficult to spot from the address. It is located next to Globe Salon at the base of the SoHo Lofts in the Arts District. There is short term street parking and a lot across from the place. I was stoked to find another cool cocktail bar that came highly recommended by fellow cocktail enthusiasts .The doorman looked a little bored but I don't blame him it was 9:30pm on a Saturday night and the place was empty. I would have to most likely place the blame on Easter Weekend. We've never been ones to shy away from an empty space because sometimes that's when we've had our best experiences.Not in this case. Bad start. The bartender SHOOK an Old Fashioned. Sorry but that's just a big fat NO NO. Bitter water is basically what he served. We also ordered a cocktail with Chartreuse in it. It was nice. Well anything with Chartreuse is fine with me!! The space had the makings of a fine speakeasy. But it just felt half done or just not cared for. I just don't understand Vegas with their cocktails and the use of crappy ice. I don't order a cocktail for the water content .There is a beautiful red cabinet by the bar and its practically empty with the exception of 4 wine bottles. What a waste of space with classic furnishings! I can see the venue as being good for group outings with the comfortable barcaloungers and library decor. Doesn't seem like there was food served as a couple of patrons brought in some pizza. It feels like a gentlemen's cigar lounge minus the 70 year old men smoking the cigars.  But I recommend you stick to beer for now. If this establishment wants to stand out for anything more, they'll need to better train their bartender at least on the classics! I expect that from a chain restaurant  or a "divey" irish bar (although I've met many an irish bartender who knows their stuff) especially if you're going to charge "cocktail bar" prices. This is yet another place I really wanted to like but just felt it was open for the sake of being open. The place was lacking soul.Unfortunately, in my opinion. Lady Silvia will need to go back to finishing school.
5	The Lady Silva is a best combination of your neighborhood bar and and an upscale lounge. The staff is fun and friendly and the drinks are amazing.  I have been to TLS for events, parties, and to simply hangout with my girls. Each time I have had a unique experience.
5	Love this quaint little place, out of the way of all the partier's and clubbers and 21 years old that can't hold their liquor and barf on bars. :)  I have been there a handful of times and never been disappointed by the staff or the drinks.
4	Holy Crap! Came here for my first Yelp event and i was impressed! First off, had i known of about this place several months back when I worked in the downtown area; liquid lunches for sure! haha! Cute little lounge inside condos (I believe its a condo high-rise?) corner of Hoover and 3rd street. Not easy to find but once you finally make your destination, it will all be worth it. This place is like sitting in a college library having drinks. Secluded from the everyday Vegas life, probably no chance of running into anyone you know, because not many know about this place. Great atmosphere, good crowd-can't wait to go back.
4	Kinda spooky and creepy in here!  This place is a little odd!  When you finally see the suite no. and you open the door, it's like your going into a haunted house, and you want to turn around and leave!  The walls in the hall way are painted black, but it's kind of old looking!  Then when you open the doors to Lady Silvia, it's also dark, walls are black, the bar stands out!  (Don't even go there)  They have there walls covered in a built in book shelves!  And books just kinda tossed about in there, not in any kind of order or neat!  Some are laying down.  And the seating!  They have chairs, and like couches, all over the place.  Like vintage couches, that seat 2 maybe 3 people!  It's a very interesting place!  The bartenders are very friendly!  They also have happy hour!  And they serve a couple of beers on tap!  I like it, I will be back if I'm in the area. Ohhhh, the bathrooms are cool!  Black toilets, and a black sink!  they have the mirror on another wall so your not hogging up the sink area!
5	Love my local bar!
3	It was pretty slow on the night we went in with a couple friends, with no band and lots of seats available. Apparently the bartenders could tell that we weren't locals or regulars 'cuz it literally took forever to get service to order some drinks. The atmosphere is very laid back and I like the decor, but they need to work on welcoming new folks.
4	This place is pretty nice to drink at. The atmosphere is nice, you can actually talk with your friends since the music is kept at a reasonable volume, and the drinks are reasonably priced (ordered a martini and an old fashioned and paid $17 before tip.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! And people...it's a SPEAKEASY, it's supposed to be difficult to find. That's the whole point. When I was in Chicago a while back we went to find a speakeasy and it probably took us 45 minutes, we passed it twice. It's part of the experience and culture. There's not supposed to be a neon sign out front. Sorry for the rant. The whole atmosphere is eccentric, classic and welcoming all at the same time. They have amazing drinks and the furniture is so eclectic. We venture down to TLS after work some days and it's a nice place to unwind. There is a cool pop-up art gallery next to it that has some really interesting pieces. TLS also has a lot of live entertainment and events. You can find them on their facebook page. All in all, I love this place. Everything about it is perfect.
2	I had heard good things about this place and was really excited to check it out. Unfortunately, I was rather unimpressed when I did.For starters, I think the first rule of Fight Club should apply to speakeasy identity: if you're a speakeasy you don't advertise yourself as a speakeasy. Regardless, I think the second rule of being a speakeasy is that you should make good cocktails. My group ordered a variety of drinks off their cocktail menu and they were all sickeningly sweet. Not that there can't be a sweet drink or two on the list, but the saccharine shouldn't be uniform.The space has a ton of potential but, as of my visit (which was admittedly some months ago), the decor/ambiance was in a bit of a speakeasy identity crisis. It's a beautiful building and room, but I found the hippy art, the TVs with sports, and the acoustic  singer-songwriter performing to be a bit incongruous. Seriously, who books an acoustic singer-songwriter to play a speakeasy? And somehow the acoustic singer-songwriter was so loud that it was difficult to chat over a cocktail. Also, the waitress botched my drink order. These things happen and I wouldn't ordinarily complain about getting served the wrong drink, but I'm convinced that she was unable to do her job because she couldn't hear customers over the damn acoustic singer-songwriter.After we left this place we had a much better all-around experience at The Downtown.
5	This is among the coolest and most unique bars I've visited in Las Vegas. Located in the trendy downtown district, this bar has no signage. While some people might find this annoying, I enjoyed having to seek out this speakeasy.The inside is beautiful, with plenty of bar seating and a lounge area that looks like a library. Televisions display black and white films on mute while music plays, creating a different type of audio/visual experience.The drinks were reasonably priced and the bartenders were knowledgeable and poured with a heavy hand. After a couple delicious drinks, I felt good and still had money left over in my wallet. What more could you want from a bar?Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my time at the Lady Silvia and will definitely be back for more adult beverages. If you are in Las Vegas and haven't been here before, I highly suggest checking out this watering hole. You won't be disappointed.
5	Love the decor and atmosphere. had ladies night here and enjoyed being able to hear each other talk. Nice staff, good drinks, and good prices.
4	This place is just plain cool. The vintage speakeasy ambiance is really fun and different. I love the ornate chandeliers, the funky chairs, and the old movies playing in the background. It's a refreshing change of pace from the usual club scene. And I love that the music is soft enough that you can still hold a conversation. The drinks are good and not unreasonably priced. It can be a bit hard to find, but I suppose that's part of the charm. Anyway, I commend them for having lots of free parking (which is rare downtown).
5	This place is cool. Sure, they try REALLY hard to be cool (Willow on loop? Come on), but at the end of the day their hard work pays off. To find the place, simply look for the 140 150 above the doors to the right of the salon. I'm a bit older now, so I look for a bar with some atmosphere and the ability to have a convo. If I want to go to a club, I will. I don't need a DJ playing garbage on volume 12 while I try to end the week with a cocktail. That rant aside, the place is decorated with bookshelves lining the walls (I didn't check to see of the books were real) and comfy victorian looking furniture strewn about. The drinks will run you $10+, but they are larger than your average cocktail lounge drink (compare it to Velveteen & DCL) and will get you nice and toasty. All it takes is a minute of silence from your convo, a sip of your drink and a glance around the room before you find yourself saying 'I like this place'.
2	Ugh I want to like this place soooo bad but my goodness, it's failed me TWICE now! But last night it had three strikes and we were OUT! Last time I tried the place out, maybe a couple month ago.... I took my boyfriend there because we're both fans of speakeasyish bars. We went to The Roger Room in LA and were amazed so according to the reviews on Yelp, The Lady Silvia had potential! We loved that it's a hidden gem and the ambience is on point-- parlor furniture, bookshelves filled with all kinds of vintage and torn books, old movies playing, graffiti art on the ceiling, overall very tasteful decor!First experience: It was a random Wednesday night, I had just gotten off work so it was like 1030ish. It wasn't busy at all.... I can't cut them any slack there haha. I'm in the service industry so I'm all about EXPERIENCE. Shortly after we sat down, cocktail waitress greeted us and just simply asked what we'd like. Not even a "hello, how are you, have you been here before" just a "do you know what you're having?" Ummmm no, we just sat down and haven't even looked at your menu... Sorry we're taking in the ambience? We were impressed until that very moment. Ruined it all. So we looked at the menu and made our decisions.... Maybe 15 minutes passed and she never came back. She was just gazing at her phone at the POS computer. We just got up and left, didn't even try a cocktail =\ and as we got up, she didn't even turn her pretty little head to notice or wish us a good night. FAIL! We went to the Velveteen Rabbit instead and were quite pleased. Last night: Brought a girlfriend who had wanted to check it out for a while now and a girlfriend visiting from AZ... I put the past experience behind me and decided to give them another shot because I really want to like the spot! Plus, I knew they'd appreciate the trendy speakeasy idea of the bar. We sat down in the lounge, browsed at the menu,  made up our minds on drinks and just waited to be served haha. Shocker. A gentlemen noticed we hadn't been helped and sent a waitress over-- wish HE could've taken care of us! She came over and just starred at us.... "Hi, sorry about the wait, what can I get started for you" is that so hard to spit out? It's beyond me. So we ordered. She brought back my friends' drink but she let me know they were out of the earl grey tea to make myyy drink. Okay, strike II.... But shouldn't you know what you're 86'd so when a guest orders that you can let them know right then and there so you can suggest something else? Ugh it was just another setback to add to their list!! And finally, she of course never came back to check on us. Another round? Waters? Ladies alright? Nada. I had to ask the same guy who first noticed us for the check. Strike III and we're out. She obviously didn't want a tip, so I just left 10%.... Which was more than she deserved! I hate tipping 10% because I hate receiving 10%!!!!!! But I also cannot stand servers who think they should receive at least 20% when they don't even work for it. My receipt says my server's name: Jaime.... I wouldn't know because she didn't introduce herself. We went to Velveteen Rabbit after this horrible Lady Silvia experience.... Again. Maybe they should hire PERSONABLE people who care to make their guests' experience! It's not my fault you may not like your job or working period, but don't ruin it for other people though. It really isn't that hard. I can't say I'd recommend this place. If anything, I'd tell people NOT to bother. I hope they get their shit together soon because it has potential, just needs LOTS of attention on details that go a long way. 1 star for the secret spot, nailed the speakeasy part. 2 stars for the ambience. I think I gave those generously too =[
5	Amazing happy hour and kiera the general manager was a great host.  Decor was very cool with a NY - San Fran speak easy vibe.
5	This place has never disappointed me and has always impressed visitors. Great drinks, an awesome happy hour, superb decor and awesome music soundbites.
5	Lady S is a great place to hang out and drink some stellar cocktails. The venue and overall decor manages to be modern, understated, and down to earth all at the same time. Hands down, Tina is the most fabulous and interactive bartender. It's definitely a must-see!
1	no outdoor seating as said on the website, management are rude to customers. overpriced drinks. wannabe mixologists. they obviously have no bar experience. only cool person there is kenny the bartender and the local high rise folks. The staff hates life.
5	WHO: If you want to drink somewhere besides a club, and in a hip/cutesy scene, this is you!WHERE: #140 Downtown!WHEN: They are open everyday at 4pm.WHAT: Due to the fact that I am uncultured when it comes to Downtown Las Vegas, my friend decided to take me on a date to hit up all the cool spots in Downtown Las Vegas! During our date, this was our last spot. I guess it's true when they say "SAVE THE BEST FOR LAST" because this was definitely an out of this city experience.When you find the bar and walk in, it looks a little intimidating, but DON'T BE FOOLED! As soon as we walked in, I fell in love with everything in there! The bar is inspired by Prague's Strahov Monastery Library, and is absolutely gorgeous! The wall is made of bookshelves with actual books (somewhat like the Library Bar in Los Angeles), the sofas and seats make me feel as if I have left Las Vegas for the night, and the drinks were all so unique, and ones you wouldn't find at your local Las Vegas nightclub.I tried The Lady Sylvia because I'm a nerd, but it is now one of my favorite drinks! It has a citrus taste to it, and will make you feel like dancing!! =)NOTE: This place is a smoke-free environment though, so smoke outside before you come inside!To conclude: If one night you and your friends are bored, make a scavenger hunt out of it and try to find THE LADY SYLVIA. The only clue I leave with you is the number 140. ;) You can do it! =D
4	The Lady Silvia is like a hidden bar. Wait, is it hidden? Because I didn't see a sign outside.I usually come here when I want to have a good cocktail with friends. The bar is rarely busy unless there's an event.Cocktails are moderately priced. Raging from $10 to $15. They have the classic cocktails, I'm talking about the Manhattan, Sazerac, etc. My faves. haha.Do come here during the weekends and weekdays. Never busy.
4	I'm giving this place four (instead of three) stars for the concept. We were there last night with a few friends. Drinks were good, slightly above average. Seating was trendy, though a little uncomfortable. And the music was far too loud for a lounge.  I agree with a previous yelper, either add a dance floor (please don't) or turn the music down a couple notches!  All in all....if you haven't gone, go!
5	I love the Lady Silvia.  It's one of the gems in the downtown Vegas area.  It's hip and very chill.  We love The bartenders are all great, especially Tina!
4	Came here for a private party and I was very impressed with the venue.  From the layout to the decor and options for alcoholic beverages.  Not to mention, the staff members gave excellent service.  I would definitely rent the venue out for a party.  Keep in mind that the venue is small so it probably can't accommodate a  big party.  Although the space is small, it doesn't have that overwhelming suffocating feeling.They play awesome music and have happy hour specials too!
4	I like this place because it's really cool to take my friends who are visiting from out of town to. It's one of those places you don't even know exists, and wouldn't be able to find unless someone who's been there before brought you. Cool atmosphere, prices are moderate, but it's more of a chill place to get the party started.
5	This place is super cool! It's not advertised from the street, so finding it is an adventure unto itself. Luckily, I came with a friend who knew how to find the door. It's not a large space, but that doesn't matter. The vibe is like Alice In Wonderland right after she fell through the rabbit hole, decked out with a graffitied ceiling. Black and White movies playing on silent, with a mix of ambient pop and contemporary house music coming out the speakers. I felt right at home. There were specialty cocktails on their drink menu, one of which I tried. It had blueberry in it; but fell short on wowing me. I was so happy they carry Greygoose Orange, as that's my boozy of choice. Carried on with that for the rest of the night. All in all, I wouldn't hesitate to come to Lady Silvia again. My friend and I had a great time!
5	Tina and Dina are the best! Thank you for being the awesome women that you are. Outstanding service.
5	Oh, how I love this place. The bartenders are casual and fun; I loved chatting with one of them about her own drink creations on the menu. Also, the service was fantastic! It took a while to find this place, but trust me, the hunt is worth it. Books line the walls on dark shelves while televisions play old black-and-white movies. The floor is checkered in black and white tile while splashes of colors play off of velvet loveseats, chairs and wall panelings. We arrived right before the EDM playlist started; fog machines and lasers added to the incredibly unique and  fun ambiance that is The Lady Silvia. The drinks are strong, the music is fantastic, the people are great and the atmosphere is so quirky... it's perfect.
5	Gorgeous bar! Once you find it, you'll realize how easy it is to get to this place!Yummy drinks, impeccable service and hip environment, so close to the Premium Outlets. I'm a fan and can't wait to go back.
1	Just didn't have any fun here and I don't think I saw one person smiling the whole time I was here...bartenders included.
5	This place is so cool and they have GREAT drinks. It makes it more fun that it's a speakeasy, and we had a bit of trouble finding it since it's unmarked. If you are looking for it, it's suite #140 just walk right in. The bartender was super nice and attentive. This is on the "go to" list of awesome bars with excellent drinks.
4	Speakeasy lounge situated inside the Soho Lofts in Downtown Las Vegas.  Entrance is right on Hoover St through double doors marked with numbers 140 & 150.  There's also always a crowd outside which makes finding this place easier if it were your first time.Aesthetically, one of the best bars in downtown that makes me feel as if I escaped from the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas soon as I stepped inside!! Library-like setting with walls decked floor to ceiling of bookshelves and comfortable Victorian-esque furnitures scattered throughout.DJ was actually spinning great house music unlike that typical EDM they play at any nightclub south of Charleston.  That being said, it'd be nice if they didn't have the volume cranked up that loud.  If we wanted to go to a club, we would have.  I feel as if the vibe was ruined since it was quite difficult to keep a conversation going.I appreciate the fact that this joint is actually smoke free.  Usually, that's a plus since you don't walk out of this place smelling like a chimney, however, there seems to be more people outside smoking than people inside the lounge so it was almost empty most of the time we were there!!Overall, Lady Silvia definitely has the potential to be compared amongst great bars/lounges from cities with the likes of New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco.  Unfortunately, this establishment no longer receives the proper buzz it deserves.
5	5stars
4	So cute inside!  Great place to go to for drinks with friends and co workers.  Its totally hidden a bit hard to find..even with google maps..and it wasnt just me!!
4	Came here and the drinks were good.  It's a good place to get away from Freemont where you just want to hang out.  The bartenders were really nice and I really enjoyed the conversations that I've had with some of them.  Plus the drinks were exquisite.
5	Love Lady Silvia... Koolest place to grabs drinks with friends!!' the Goldie is a personal favorite!!!
4	This is a very cool bar. The leather couches and walls lined with real books like a library was such a nice setting to hang out and sip on specialty cocktails. It's also unmarked, which makes it even more special.I came to The Lady Silvia during a bachelorette party while we were participating in the Cycle Pub. Unfortunately, we were only able to spend amount 10-15 minutes here. I had their namesake cocktail, The Lady Silvia ($10) with Bombay Sapphire East Gin, St. Germain Elderflower Liqueur, Amaro Nonino, fresh lemon juice, and topped with sparkling wine. It was delicious!It's a little bit away from the rest of the newer Downtown Las Vegas scene, but I think it's worth the walk or drive. The drinks are decently priced for specialty cocktails, the hang out is really cool, and there's even live music as if people were performing in your living room.Note: It was announced on Eater that The Lady Silvia closed without notice approximately two weeks ago! Sad face.
