4	Fresh digs and it rocks. We are regulars to several locations in the Phoenix Arizona area and in Newport Beach. Tonight was take out. Food perfect and they threw in an extra something just because.
5	YAY!!!! I am so excited that there is now a Pita Jungle this close to me. I should probably just leave them my credit card and pick up my dinner daily! The food and service was excellent for our first trip. The food was really hot and fresh. I had a steak pita which was amazing. I really like the green iced tea. I think it was strawberry kiwi and it was yummy! I really love pita jungle and am so glad to have one closer to me. Someone from work brought some of their food to a holiday party and the platters they did were great. All the food went before any other food! The hummus platter had 3 different kinds and each was better than the previous! So they also do great catering/takeout.
4	Awesome food! Awesome service! Only gripe I have is that the bar needs barstools w backs. The metal stools are horrible!!!! Overall super mucho good!!!! And a few TV's at the bar or outside as well.
5	Great restaurant with yummy, healthy eats. Have been coming to Pita Jungle since its early days in Tempe, and love that they have expanded to other areas. This new location is special because of the owners. They have a local rock and roll connection and are super nice guys! I know that this place will do well, and wish everyone all the success they deserve!
5	I've been craving this pita jungle for while and now I finally got to eat some. I got a typical gyro which is not bad. Healthy and enough for what you're paying for. I would definitely go back for more. There's still lots on menu that I gotta try. Happy hour is 3:30-5:30 for $1-$3 ranges for small portion food. Gotta try that too. Location is pretty good and nice.
4	Yummy Tapas! Awesome atmosphere! Except my friend found a hair in her shrimp dish...eek!
3	When we first sat down it took them 15 minutes and for us to say something until we got served.  I was recommended this place by a lot of friends, however, I didn't think there was anything special to the food.  We ordered the Mediterranean Sampler, which had a sample of several of the appetizers and it was alright, but nothing special.  The food had a more American take on Mediterranean food so if you're looking for something authentic this place isn't it.  The gyro meat was cut extremely thick and wasn't cooked the same way it normally is.  Overall though, the food wasn't bad and I thought the gyro was very filling and ingredients were fresh, but nothing that really stands out which is why I gave this place three stars.
5	I am a big fan of Pita Jungle and now there is one on my side of town! This is a great location. I came for lunch with my daughter and I got a salad. Their salads are delicious. They are really good size and have lots of great toppings. I also like their pita's and hummus as well. The service is always great and the new location is clean, bright, and has both indoor and outdoor seating which with this great weather we are having I will be taking advantage of. The place isn't really that big so I am sure it is going to be full a lot but worth the wait. The food at Pita Jungle is always fresh and really good. This location was no different! I was at a party where there was dishes from this location as well. A hummus platter and some other things. Each item was nicely presented and the food was just as good as when you eat there. Good to know for gatherings and the holidays, the hummus platter was a big hit!
5	Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in the area.  SO glad they opened up a new one closer to my house!  The restaurant is a really beautiful space -- moody overhead lighting, cool art on the walls, and unique furniture spread around for a loungy kind of feel.  The servers are all young hipster types, very nice and attentive.  Literally everything I've tried from their menu is good!  Favorites include: the coconut curry soup, hummus trio, spinach four cheese quesadilla, lavosh pizza, garlic new potatoes, caramelized cauliflower with tahini, guava lemonade, and their amazing rice pudding for dessert.  All of the smoothies I've tried are good too.  I really don't think you can go wrong here!Highly recommend.  Great place for flavorful, healthy, fresh food!
3	I ate here with my husband about a month ago. I have eaten at Pita Jungle once before, but have avoided it for a long time. I am kind of a picky eater and nothing on the menu ever seems that appealing to me. I decided to go because my husband loves it. He told me, you have to try the chicken pasta salad. So we split it and got an extra chicken breast on the side. I didn't care for it. The sauce they put on it was too lemony-flavored. I'm glad we got the extra plain chicken breast because that was really yummy. I'm willing to come back and give it another shot. The service was good too.
2	Food was OK, service was bad,  and atmosphere was good. Server never checked on us, and we waited for awhile to order. Longer than it should take. Probably won't come back again.
4	Great to see Pita Jungle arrive in Dana Park. This location is smaller than the other ones I've been to and can fill up quickly. We have been here a few times and have had consistently good service. We picked up platters for a party. They were ready to go on time and the food was perfectly prepared.The layout is interesting, a lot of the room is taken up by a waiting area and reception kiosk. It seems like more tables could have been made available inside. I like the separate take out door and counter. It seemed like the bartender was also in charge of the takeout orders. We were well taken care of and didn't wait at all.The outdoor seating and windows are going to take a lot of direct sunlight in the summer. It will be interesting to see what they do to address the heat and keep people cool inside and out from May - October.As far as the food, our Pita Jungle favorites are the Chicken Chipotle Lavash Pizza, Cilantro Humus and Chicken, the amazing baked Cauliflower with onion strings and sauce (don't miss this one, every time we order it people sitting nearby ask about it) and the Roasted Potatoes.The kids meals are pretty cool. Kids get to pick from a variety of items to build their plate.
5	Holly Cow Pita Jungle!!!  Way to move up in the world!  This place is fancy fancy for a Pita Jungle.  Food was great!  Service was great!  Decor was great!
5	Great service. Great food. The triple hummus was great. The chicken in our dishes was fresh and tasty. Definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	I didn't have the best experience the first time I went here but I changed my review star after seeing how attentive and awesome customer service the management had, they go above and beyond in trying to make your your experience at pita jungle more that expected.  Yes I will go back ,  we all have bad days, stress, etc...
5	I know everyone loves to eat healthier as we get into spring and become more active. Well I was so excited to see the new pita jungle on Val vista because it is one of those healthier favorites. They have gluten free choices and the taste of there meals is amazing. When I leave there my taste buds are satisfied and my tummy doesn't feel heavy. Perfect place for lunch or dinner.
4	This location has an awesome upscale environment. The food taste is consistent with the other Pita Jungle locations I've been to. The only flaw I saw here was the person who runs the food to the tables. She brought my husband and I the wrong food twice, before we finally got our order! So that's why I had to give 4 stars instead of 5.
2	I love the location but the service last few times I've been there has been really slow and for lack of better words is really poor. There's two specific girls that are always behind the bar that take to go orders and they just don't look happy to be there and have been some what rude when I placed my order. Will I continue to come here, yes because I love the food but always get my food to go. No reason to dine in there if the customer service is going to continue to be the same
4	I agree with other reviewers that this location is more of an "upscale" environment than other pita jungle locations. It is definitely beautiful and I would really like to eat in their outside area someday soon. Both times I have been to this location were for takeout so I can't speak much for the wait staff but the people running the takeout door, yeah a whole separate door for takeout -  a really nice touch, have been pleasant and helpful. The last time I ordered I went I ordered an iced chai tea to go. My to-go cup was much smaller at this location than I have had in the past at other locations. Hope that isn't how it is going to be from now on because I will probably stop ordering them. Also, I asked for almond milk. Just soy or cow milk. That's a bit of a bummer. But the food was good as always!
4	Always such a good experience, staff it's totally chill and there's always something eclectic to eyeball on the walls.My favorite is the chicken tikka Marsala and coconut curry soup. Being a highly picky eater I love that they are highly familiar with allergy and ingredient contents. Love that I can eat In peace.My only reason for a 4 and not 5 is that if you catch a server on a bad day it can kinda tarnish their image, turns out a PhD  is not an employment requirement, which becomes apparent if you order Togo.. Otherwise IM a card toting member to the pita pack.
5	Good food just on the expensive side. Went with a college friend for the first time didn't know what to expect. Great service and great tasting food. Would recommend to anyone wanting to try different good food.
2	I usually love Pita Jungle. This one served us bland plate after bland plate. They are not following corporate recipes. Really, really bad.
5	My family and I love this place! The food here is always yummy. Great location. Great service.
5	I love pita jungle and have been to multiple locations but this location is my new favorite because of the wonderful service I received! Michael V. was my server and he took great care of me. I couldn't decide what I was hungry for and he suggested the yellowfin salad, yum! Not only did he help me pick out a tasty meal but made great conversation and educated me on the various menu items I had inquired about! Props to the chef and kudos to management for hiring rockstar staff members! I will drive the extra 30 minutes to this location because of this!
3	I come here all the time. Over all it is good. The  wait staff could be a little nicer, but the food is great.   The outside sitting is too crowded.
4	I don't have a good reason to have avoided this place as long as I have, so when the chance came on Saturday to check it out I was ready.  While I don't necessarily love the name, the menu was exciting - so many things to try.  We got the hummus sampler and then I got the special, which was a Greek enchilada - I totally added feta and kalamata olives (which was an excellent choice).  The rice that came with it had just a bit of cilantro in it and the tzatziki sauce was nice to have on the side.  The hummus was equally tasty and everything was fresh and well seasoned.  I had probably six refills on the fresh lemonade, which made sitting out on the porch that much more refreshing.  The service was attentive and while I probably won't be coming back to this location, I will totally come here again.
4	I'm really glad that Pita Jungle opened up a location in Dana Park.  I used to live next to the one in Mesa on Dobson, and was stoked when I saw the sign near where I moved in Gilbert.  If you've been to the one on Dobson, you already know that the food is great and the people who work there are always friendly and helpful.  I was concerned that this might not translate well to the Dana Park location, but I was happy to find out that it did.  The same welcoming atmosphere and quality of food is found here as well.  I'll be back soon...
5	Awesome food! We had great service and the best Mediterranean food. It is always nice to have a restaurant that serves food other than what the mainstream serve.
5	Decided to check out the new location, since we are regulars at the other one in Mesa. So glad we did! Great service, and the food came out quickly. It seemed there was more of a team atmosphere between the service staff than at the other ones, which was nice. Food came out quickly and exactly as we ordered it! It is a little smaller than some of their other locations, but has a great patio for outdoor seating! We will definitely be coming back.
4	My first time into a Pita Jungle in a few years, and now I'm a fan. Shwarma wrap was excellent but the garlic dip won over our whole table.
2	I walked in with high expectations for good service and a meal.Waitress was not in her best mood so was inflexibleWith our requests which I though were very reasonable.Food was ok, but the salads ($14) with addition ofProtein was cheap and was not enough for a meal.They nickel and dime you for everything. With so many choices around I will not be coming back.Staff, flexibility with menu, food taste, and portionsAre all to consider
4	This place not only has great food but a real friendly staff.  We need to eat here more often. I love there falafel and my hubby had the gyro.  Soooo yummy.  There special tonight was a watermelon smoothie so I just had to have that too.  It was refreshing and tasted just like fresh watermelon.
5	There is no beating PJ in terms of delicious, healthy and customizable Mediterranean food!  I recently switched to vegan and PJ is super accommodating and flexible with making pretty much anything vegan.  You can sub in tofu for the meat and they'll let you know what breads have milk products or honey and what you can substitute.  Not to mention they have the best cilantro jalapeno hummus in town. (psst, they have a chipotle hummus too!)  I hear this place was a madhouse when it first opened, and it does have a great lunch crowd, but the 2 times I've gone and sat for lunch recently have been immediately seated and out in an hour.  This location caters and now has delivery for catering too!  Can't say enough good things about this place.  =)
2	Well I really expected this place to be really good..  We went in very hungry. Their ice tea was really good.  My daughter and I ordered the blue corn nachos to start.  They were ok but pretty bland.  I got the gyro which comes with nothing. I had to ask for sauce.  Both were very plain not much flavor.  I also found the pickles on it to be strange. My daughter got the Philly steak pita which she thought was very plain and really didn't like at all.  It was pretty soggy and drippy. The lady next to us sent her salad back for some reason I didn't hear.  I heard her order it with dressing on the side but had it on it when it came out the second time.  The guy 2 tables away also sent his back because it had cheese on it and he ordered it without. After that all I heard was the kitchen prepping for later. They were chopping vegetables very loudly for the rest of the time we were there. Between that and the music I left with a headache. My daughters comment on the music was she was pretty sure the same song has been playing the whole time we were there. I don't think we will be back.
5	Pita Jungle.  Now this is a place to get great food.  If you love hummus,  and I love hummus,  this is THE place to go. The presentation of the hummus spread over a large plate with pita bread is exquisite! And the taste, magnifico! Such flavor and did I mention the hummus is warm? Not like eating it out of your fridge. I would recommend the Jalepeno hummus appetizer. Delicioso!
5	Mmmm...chipotle black bean burger...GET IN MY BELLY.Pita Jungle is one of those places that you just feel cool eating at. It has a hipster, artsy vibe to it and everyone is over the top nice. As stated so slyly above, my fav is the chipotle black bean burger. I get mine with no bun, because I am not about to let bread fill me up when there's a tasty little dish like this one on the table (they have cranberries inside of the burger!!!). It comes with a side of chipotle hummus and garlic new potatoes, which are so flavorful and good.Second fav is the falafel pita. What's a falafel you ask? Well, it;s heaven in a round crispy garbanzo bean package. If you have never had one, just try it. You will like it.
4	This is a very trendy yuppy place. However, that being said the food was fresh and healthy. I had the chicken pita with classic hummus.  What surprised me is based on previous reviews I thought this was going to be a chipotle like pita restaurant. They have a bar with beer on tap. This atmosphere was interesting. Definitely trendy. Overall the food was not bad, but nothing that wowed me.
5	My first visit and I will return. The service was excellent and we were seated right away. Our server was right on the ball and helped me try to make my meal choice since it was  my first time. He had very good suggestions.I ordered the special mahi mahi with pinenuts, caramelized cauliflower with a spicy sauce. It was excellent but a bit too much sauce for me personally. I would ask for the sauce on the side next time.Our drinks were filled promptly and the outside seating area was great because it has misters. Our server took the dishes away promptly and brought the check in a fast but polite way.I will be back again and again and plan to try many new things on their menu. A great new place to eat
5	Love this place! Great food, happy hour tapas & friendly service. We have been to all the locations. Been going here for years and it's still a favorite.
4	They restaurant itself is very cool. It's open dinning feel with a patio. The food is never something i'm going to be complaining about either.
5	Amazing and awesome!  Best food around!  And great service too!!!  Love the atmosphere!
4	I love the Mediterranean salad but sometimes the chicken on it is really fresh and cooked really good and sometimes (usually lunchtime) it's not as fresh and delicious. I wish it was more consistently fabulous. The service is always very friendly.
5	Of all the PJ's I have visited this location is my favorite.  Always seated promptly, the servers are on top of things, never have to ask for a drink refill - no reason to go to any other.  I've had some really bad service in the location in Tempe - which is a bummer since it's so close to work.  I would have made a weekly stop.  This place more than makes up for it.  I've never been disappointed in my selection.  From the cauliflower, to hummas, samplers and sides - everything is good.  The gyro is really good (they slip pickles in so if you don't care for them, have it made without) but I wasn't expecting pickles on it.  The macro dish is my boyfriend's favorite.  It's two meals - there's so much food.  Desserts are great too - baklava sundae rules them all!  Can't wait to go back.
4	I am not a fan of this type of food, however, the meal I got was OK, and the rest of the party really enjoyed theirs, so I am not reviewing on the food. (because looking at all of the reviews, people love this place!) I will review the service though: We had a party of 7 ladies getting together to catch up. Drinks were delivered promptly and the server was really nice. Plates were cleared as needed. So far that was nice. However, there were a few things that bugged me. One, half of us ordered a bowl of soup along with our entrees. As we waited, I figured he must have forgotten them. Nope- they were delivered with all of our entrees! So we had bowls and plates and going from side to side to eat them all. (If I go to a steakhouse and order a steak, baked potatoe and a salad- I would get my salad first, right? Is this concept lost at this place?) The soups should have been served as an appetizer. The other thing I dropped a star for is that the server never asked if we wanted separate checks. Just dropped the check in the middle of the table and we had to add, subtract, some put in cash, some credit cards, etc. That itself is annoying to the guests. Computer systems these days can easily separate checks, and especially with a group of women who usually prefer it, it can actually be a time saver. (women usually like separate checks while men will take turns picking up the tab) It would have been nice to at least be asked our preference.Will I go again? Only if friends want to, but I'm in no hurry.
5	This kind of place is not my first choice usually, but I loved it. The food was good, and even my super-picky little step-sister loved her food. I have two little ones, a 3-year old and a 10-month old, and it's super nice to have something on the menu besides grilled cheese and a corn dog. My 10-month old loved the hummus as much as I did. Pita Jungle Hummus was the first hummus I ever tried years ago and it has spoiled me, I have a hard time eating any other hummus. Perfect consistency and taste.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  It was my first and probably last visit to a Pita Jungle.  Started off OK, the service was very good.   I ordered a Lavosh Pizza that had 1 slice of tomato on each piece and unbelievably 2 of the pieces were the tomato end that it not edible and should be discarded.  As for the kalamata  olives my whole pizza had 1/2 of an olive.   Overpriced & disappointing experience.
4	Very kid friendly, which I appreciate having a two year old. While we were waiting they gave us some crayons and paper. I love their chicken and Cilantro hummus!!! Best ever. I only wish I could order the pita in a whole grain option, that's my only suggestion. Very relaxed staff and low key while still being professional and a great restaurant., will be coming back for sure!
4	Most everything I have had here has been delicious.  The coconut curry soup is amazing. I get it with the spinach and cheese quesadilla and it is a great combination. Their hummus is delicious, too and you have to try the tropical tea.  Can't wait for my next visit. The host is also a really nice guy and has always been very friendly when we were waiting for a table.
4	My wife loves it, I think it's pretty good. If you are into healthy food then this is your place for a sit down restaurant.
5	I love ALL the Pita Jungles. I have Never had a bad meal at any of the locations. They are very consistent throughout the chain. I usually have the hummus with grilled chicken, the hot pita sandwiches are all amazing and the roasted potatoes side is yummy. The glazed chicken lavish pizza, OMG! So good. Service can be spotty depending on how busy they are but its always worth waiting for.
5	I have been four times and I will not stop.  I have been to three locations and they all rocked.  I'm gonna paste this same review to all three.These are clean restaurants with fun menus.  You can eat healthy.  They serve vegetables and fruit.  They plate well.  The food is attractive.I have tried 8 menu items and they were all fantastic.  Good signs.
4	I really love this place it was suprisinlgy good and you get a lot portion for the money. It is packed so there maybe a wait but overall a really good place to try
5	Food is fabulous, great selection, staff are a dream and the manager attentive!  Can't go wrong here!
5	I like to eat healthy and this place has so many delicious and healthy options.  I love the Mediterranean chicken salad and the Spanikopita is so good.
2	This location is by far the worst of them all. I have watched the steadily declining food quality and service since they have opened. Our last experience this last time was the kicker. The waitress was a young girl with very little social skills and really needed help with articulation and volume. She had trouble multitasking and lacked attentiveness. But the other servers picked up the slack. So all was good. We ordered gyro, fatoosh and cilantro hummus. Cilantro hummus is always consistent and good. The gyro not so much. The meat was cooked like bacon: crisp, crumbly and almost considered burnt. It had to be sent back. The return food was decent but had some mystery meat wrapped inside that we will assume for our piece of mind was grill bits.  The fatoosh is 3/4 rice, which is awesome if you love rice, not awesome if you are looking for a light flavorful salad that is typical with fatoosh. The kicker, the manager and other servers wiped up tables that were considerably messy that had children seated at them with DRY napkins. No bleach/ disinfectant / wet towels used. And promptly sat another families with children at those tables. Poor quality food, subpar service I can tolerate. Not uncleanliness and poor hygiene. I will visit the other locations.
