5	Fabulous staff, excellent draft selection, premium well and great food!!
4	I was very excited to read about the opening of BAR in SEVEN magazine a couple of weeks ago. I am also a native of Las Vegas so of course the name caught my attention.  My husband and I went last weekend as we live right around the corner in Nevada Trails. It was a rocky start with service, but that is to be expected with a new place. it took a long time to be acknowledge by anyone. After going to the bar and addressing we hadn't been recognized (even the server addressed both tables on either side of us) the service got much better. She actually turned out to be an excellent server so she may have been overwhelmed at first. I do highly recommend for the bussers (which there were a few of them) to help recognize new guests by saying "hello" and your server will be right with you. The menu had several great selections to choose from. The server provided her recommendations as we did ask for her opinion to see how versed she was with the food. We did try the lobster poppers as it was one of her suggestions. The food was excellent. Suprising for bar food actually.  Overall, the feel was good for a "local water hole"....I enjoyed the family pictures up front and noticed the yearbooks in the lockers. Lots of Gorman Grads. I'm interested to see how they roll out their marketing campaign as I think they have so many opportunities to showcase growing up in Vegas.
1	Food and service was pretty good. We came in on a Sunday night/Monday morning and were the only customers there. The guys who come in to remove the money from the video poker machines  asked us to move out of the way even though we were almost finished with our meal and they had at least eight other machines to attend to. What other establishment asks their customers to pick up their stuff and move to another table in the middle of a meal?  The owner should consider how the contractors he uses  reflects on the business. We probably won't be back.
4	Saw a few reviews about this place - noticed it's in my neck of the woods and they serve various types of sliders !!??  Of course i gotta try the place !  hit it at lunchtime.  There are about 15 different types of sliders you can try - back when i owned a few bars, i wanted to do the same thing - sliders sliders and more sliders !  They took my frickin' idea ! Went with the patty melt sliders with fries ( i believe $9 - maybe $10 )  and i ordered some meatball sliders for the road ( also around $8 ) diet coke about $2The patty melt sliders had decent taste but i was a little down about the fact they aren't served on mini -rye bread .. how the heck can you call them a patty melt and not put the meat on rye bread !Fries ok.  I decided, F-it, i put in a long 6 hours of work before getting my lunch on so live a little fat ass and order some more sliders !  i went with the ham croquettes ( $8 ) - interesting slider - on a very buttery/cheesy biscuit with a few ham slices - i liked it but it needed some spice to cut thru some of the heaviness of the buttery cheesy taste - i think a spicy mustard or since the sliders reminded me of  France, maybe some sort of dijon mustard .As i write this, i'm still full from that lunch so the meatball sliders are either a midnight snack or breakfast ! The bar has a nice lounge eating area ( someone already posted a pic so i won't bother to post my shitty/blurry effort )For you peeps that are into the food contests, they have one with sliders EAT 15 SLIDERS ( I BELIEVE ON ONE BUN ) IN ONE HOUR, YOU GET THEM FREE AND A T-SHIRT ( CAN'T REMEMBER WHAT IT SAYS ) IF YOU LOSE, YOU PAY $50 ! Any takers ?!?!?
4	Went to Born and Raised last night with my wife, friend, and his wife.  My buddy Keith is a huge fan of Slidn Thru and he says they recommended this place.  I have to say that is was great!  Right off the bat the decor really surprised me.  It was a cross between a sports bar and awesomeness.  The waitress came over and told us they had $1 PBRs.  Sold!  There are a number of beers on tap and the bartender even let us sample the new seasonal beer.  PBR and a free sample.  Does it get any better?  Anyway, we came to do some recon for the food challenge they have to see if it is even possible.  I ordered the Double Down sliders which were very good.  My wife and Keith's wife had the BBQ Chicken sliders.  Delicious.  Keith had the Pulled Pork which was decent but the pickled cabbage almost over powered the pork.  Fries and onion rings were very good!  We also ordered the Big Ass Roll to see what it was all about.  Good but big.  I don't think I could do the challenge but it was well worth trying out the different sliders.  The service was great!  My one critique would be that the meat on the slider I had was a little small for the bun.  I want my burger meat to be larger than the bun.  This place is far away from my house but if it was closer I would probably go here once a week.  Just a cool place to hang out and the happy hour specials are amazing!
5	My wife and I were on our way to dinner when we saw this place and all the cars parked outside. We walked in an loves the atmosphere, but figured it was just another bar with bar food. We started to walk out when the chef stopped us (yea, chef... not cook). He explained that he bought things locally and from Cali farmers markets. We figured we would try it and boy are we glad we did. We started with a grilled artichoke with ancho mayo sauce. Very tasty! My wife had the seared ahi salad and I had the gyro sandwich. Both were wonderful. Definitely not your typical pub food, but they do have wings and about 15 varieties of sliders if that's what you're looking for. We finished with a homemade bread pudding for desert. Price was very reasonable, entree's are about $10. Oh yea, and as it should be in Vegas, open 24x7.
5	First off, I would like to thank the guys at the Slider Truck for posting about this place on their blog or I never would've known about it. I'm a huge fan of sliders in any shape or form and this place definitely didn't disappoint. I went here with fellow food boner extraordinaire Seth Y. and the meal lived up to expectations. We started off with the Nachos with chicken and it was a perfect start to a delicious lunch. The only gripe I had with the nachos is that they seemed to have a combination of nacho cheese and real cheese which seemed a bit odd.Next up we split the Hawaiian and BBQ chicken sliders and tried both the fries and onion rings. The pineapple chutney on the Hawaiian chicken sliders literally left my mouth watering and wanting more. I am not sure if the manager watched me lick my plate but I sure as hell hope we was, that way I wouldn't be the only one rock hard.If I had to complain even in the slightest I would have to say that not being allowed to order 3 different sliders is a travesty. Hopefully in the future they will change this rule so I don't have to go there 15 times to try all the sliders on the menu. I will be going back soon enough just to see if Seth Y. can finish all 15 sliders and win his glory.On top of how amazing the food is, the inside is immaculate and has a great vibe for an upscale bar/pub. Not to mention there are basically 15-20 huge TV's spread across the whole place which makes it great for football. Can't wait to spend a Sunday there with my pants unbuttoned. Yum!
5	Let's get one thing clear right off the bat. I love sliders. Love 'em.Let's get another thing straight right away. I love bars with lots of TV's. Love 'em.Let's get one last thing straight. Fellow Yelper Jonathan S. Just kidding. But seriously. LOLOLOL!!!!!!!This place was awesome. I walked in from the bright, bright sunlight and walked straight into a bar stool. The waitress and manager laughed at me and said, "Yeah, takes a minute to adjust!" Meanwhile, I'm there in my sweatpants, 6 day old scruff, big fluffy cardigan... I looked homeless. Must have been a sight to see.Once my eyes adjusted, I was actually surprised to see how big it was! (that's what she said!) There was a long bar, a lot of booths, and a wall of TVs. The decor was awesome, the booths were comfortable. I'd say this place is literally the perfect casual drink place for a date. My date was Jonathan S. It couldn't have been a more romantic place to share food and rub dinkies under the table.So, we started with the nachos. Chips, creamy avocado - not guacamole - chicken, sour cream on the side, jalapenos, sliced tomato (interesting), and a mixture of a cheese blend and nacho cheese. I'm not a big fan of nacho cheese at all, but it all sort of worked. The nachos weren't my favorite, but it doesn't matter at all because the sliders were just delightful. I mean, simply scrumptious. Delectable. Flavoricious. Mouth bonanza.There were so many good choices, but I settled on the one that was most likely to give me a heart attack; the BBQ chicken sliders. Chicken, homemade BBQ sauce, applewood smoked bacon, a fluffy bun, and a big fat onion ring right in the middle. Hungry yet?I took one look at the dessert menu and laughed. It wasn't happening.Things to note:- $2 drafts/$1 PBRs on Saturday/Sunday for football.- Bar Gamble: If you finish 15 sliders and a big ass roll, your meal is free and you get a t-shirt. If you lose, you owe the bar $50. I'm going to try this eventually as long as the bar supplies the bucket.- Friendly staff: the restaurant's GM and our waitress both took the time to have a conversation with us. Big ups.Solid five stars. I absolutely cannot wait to go back.
4	Based on the reviews here, I decided to try Born and Raised for breakfast before the Great Santa Run 2010 at Town Square.  I'm glad I listen to my fellow Yelpers, because they've nailed this place well!I was the only customer when I walked in at 7:30 AM and the staff was great.  They let me seat myself anywhere I wanted.  I chose a table in the lounge so I could watch the 17 or so big screen TVs.  Two channels of ESPN were on, two screens of Chelsea footie, and 5 screens of the History Channel which seemed out of place in a video poker/sports bar.  The important stuff - breakfast was great.  I had their Eggs Benedict.  They were tasty, and the Hollandaise had a nice, distinct flavor.  The breakfasts come with BAR potatoes and a nice bowl of fresh fruit.  My only detraction was my eggs were poached more than I like them, but that may be a health code because of possible salmonella.The breakfast is listed on the menu for $9 and that's what the bill was for plus the tax.  No charge for coffee - it comes with the meal.  That's almost unheard of anymore!I'll return.  This is a gem of a place.  It only opened in October.  I wish them well.  I'll come back and try their sliders.
4	Went here recently after work with a colleague and was immediately impressed with the place.  Nice open, modern design and layout which is inviting and comfortable.  We tried some of the sliders which were excellent.  Wings were tasty and quite spicy though they have other options if you can't take the heat.Good selection of beers.  I didn't get a chance to try their mixed drinks and look forward to next time I go.  The owner was there and was quite friendly.
4	Stopped in for a few beers the other night... Nice atmosphere and a good crowd until about midnight and then the D-Bag, Ultimate Fighter shirt wearing crowd moved in.I can't give it a full review yet but I will be back and I'll post a better review at that time. They need to change their "game station" so that it has the naked photo hunt instead of the G rated version, I'm just saying.
2	Great atmosphere, poor night of food.This place has all-star potential.  Great atmosphere, Great TV situation, diversity in sliders.  I was really excited, however tonight, the experience left my stomach with blue balls *if you know what I'm saying.  We ordered the classic cheese burger sliders and some onion rings.  The Sliders had burn marks, not char but burn marks across the patties.  A lingering bitter burnt taste was really all I could focus on.  They also took about 40 minutes to come out.  Our waitress didn't really stop by to tell us why three little burgers were taking this long, which wasn't great.  This place was not crowded tonight, so I was surprised by what happened.  The onion rings were good, but not anything you haven't had before.They have lobster corndogs on the menu which sounded great, but I didn't go that route.I will definitely give this place another shot, maybe it was an off night but tonight was really sub par.
3	first impression is clean and hipster'ish. not my scene but to each his own. barstools are extremely comforting and grab hold of your butt cheeks in a soft embrace coaxing you to stay a little longer. pretty decent draft beer selection complete with DFH 90 minute however at $7 a glass I will be opting for the 4 pack at lee's' $1 PBR at happy hour is a great bargain and the bar temptress was quick to keep them coming even at 6:59pm when HH ends at 7pm. very polite and smiley staff. this place is not my scene, i prefer more down to earth smokey stiff drink bars. but that is not why i give this place 3 stars.the reason for the 3 stars is based soley on quality of food and pricing. we got the double cheese burger sliders. mind you they have a whole menu page dedicated to sliders. at $12 they were dismal at best. over charred and dry with a sprinkiling of carmelized onions. Mostly buns and no discernable sauce what-so-ever. onion rings for an extra $2 were obviously frozen as confirmed by one of my very close very well knowledged bar temptress friends. no dipping sauces included. my thought is out of a menu page of 15 sliders they cant even make the basic double cheeseburger slider scrumptious enough to make me swear off even white castle.bottom line go for the $1 PBR stay for the douchey sight seeing and the pleasant warmly lit atmosphere.
4	I wanted - so desperately wanted - to give this place five stars.  The food was excellent, the beer selection seemed decent enough (I don't drink, but my buddies were happy with it), the atmosphere was nice, and I love the giant wall of TVs.But please, for the love of all that is holy, fire everyone that works there and get some employees who know how to SHUT THE FUCK UP AND SERVE CUSTOMERS.  I don't care how busy the dinner rush is.  It took nearly two hours from the time we sat down until our check was paid, and that is absolutely, completely inexcusable on any level.  Top that off with the fact that the guys at the table next to us sat down after us, but had ordered and received their food before we had even ordered yet, and we came damn close to just walking out.  I guess you have to know someone who works there in order to be treated like an actual customer, rather than a burden.I should also take another star away because I ordered onion rings and got fries, but the fries are really good and I was never charged for the rings.  No harm, no foul.Don't get me wrong - I have every intention of going back to this place (and I live in Centennial Hills, so it takes me about 20-25 minutes to get there).  But I'll probably keep my visits limited to late late nights during the week to avoid any kind of crowd.
3	My first experience at BAR is like the final Harry Potter film - it's a two-parter. My friends and I needed a spot to watch the UNLV vs Louisville game on Saturday morning. My coworker is always talking about BAR, so I figured we'd give it a shot. I even found a $25 Restaurant.com coupon that I purchased for only $2.Apparently, this place has become quite the popular hangout in its short existence. It was packed with Rebel fans. Luckily, my friends had already snagged a table. But just like our team's second half woes, we had a pretty crappy experience. The service was nonexistent. My friends received their coffees and I asked for some water to start with; it never came. A server finally returned with about 7 minutes to go in the second half. By about half time, I figured I'd just finish the game and then go get some street food at the Hanshiktaco/Slider Truck throwdown.I decided that I couldn't fairly rate BAR based on that one experience. It was early AM and I'm sure they're not usually that busy. Also, I still had a coupon to use. I returned that same evening with my cousin. This time, the place was empty and we received proper service.Long story short, I ordered Linguini Con Scampi and my cousin got the Black Friday sliders (essentially Thanksgiving on a slider). My pasta dish was very good, had ample shrimp, and I couldn't get enough of that sauce. My cousin's sliders were decent, though slightly on the dry side. Speaking of which, BAR has an extensive slider menu. I heard the Slider Truck guys came here to give them all a try.I like the decor of the place; it's pretty stylish for a bar. It has a big wall of TVs, as well as a scattering of TVs to catch your favorite sports. I also like the name of the place. It really captures the home grown aspect of the business. They even have a wall of local photos that are community-provided. Nice touch.In the end, I'm giving BAR an A-OK based on my mixed experiences. While my linguini was good, I'm not sure it was worth $18 (hooray for coupons). The sliders are much more reasonable for $8-12. I wouldn't mind trying their Eggs Benedict ($9). I'm not in a rush to return, but I'd be OK with it should it be suggested.
4	Great sports atmosphere, creative name, clean and fun.  Their dish, Black Friday was a bit confusing though.  It is supposed to be a slider, but it is a bit too large to be called a slider.
4	Decided to try and watch some football here mainly because of how awesome the TV wall was. Turns out this was a horrible idea. On Sunday I guess I should expect it to be busy but the staff clearly wasn't prepared for a football type crowd.Our waitress/waiter/whoever kept coming to our table randomly seemed to always come at the wrong time and then wouldn't show up for another 15 minutes when we were clearly looking for something. Not to mention my friend was served rotten fruit.The pros of the day included the fish and chips sliders which were cod with a chipotle coleslaw that was both spicy and rich at the same time. It was definitely something different with a really delicious and distinct flavor profile. Unfortunately their Big Ass Roll(LOLZ BAR) didn't live up to the hype and was neither big nor an ass. It was much less sweet than I expected and it was more savory than anything which was odd. I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt on the service issues because it is still getting used to a growing customer base but serving old fruit is pretty unforgivable. Bad B.A.R. don't do it again!
2	When I walked in to this bar it looked contemporary, and had a good looking crowd. However, the service here was definitely not up to par. We waited a long time for drinks and our food. I also got charged $10.67 for the same shot that one of the girls in our party paid $8 for. Unfortunately, the service left much to be desired, I'm not planning on returning any time soon...
3	First impression - the atmosphere here is really great. For a "tavern" it had a clean contemporary feel and I really loved the plethora of TV's ! I liked all of the different seating options - couches, bar stools, booths, etc. We came to watch Thursday night football and try some sliders. Apparently there might have been a happy hour, but this was neither advertised nor disclosed to us despite our arrival prior to 7 PM. Service was a bit akward, but adequate. I liked the many, many slider options. It would be badass if they would let you do a make your own slider platter (where you could vary the type of slider!), but I understand selling them in sets of 3 of one kind is easier for the kitchen and makes more sense. After much debate the husband and I settled on the meatball sliders and the BBQ chicken sliders. Both unfortunately were served luke warm - a MAJOR turn off for me. I like everything (coffee, tea, food, etc, ect) served HOT. Like I might burn my tongue hot, but these were just warm and quickly became cold. Whatever, this is something I can get over if the food is spectacular. I think the problem here is , I was putting each of these items up against a local gold standard of the same type. Neither could stand up, so this was a disappointment. I was comparing the meatball slider to the ones at Metro. The ones at Metro are served on garlic knots and are in-freaking-credible! The ones here were served on hawaiian bread, a nice touch, but just lacked that certain something. I was comparing the BBQ chicken slider to the pulled porkie from the slider truck. While chicken will never match the magic of pork, this thing just lacked cohesiveness overall. The pulled porkie from the truck is like a bite of heaven - this was just meh. The chicken was chunks of grilled chicken - I think in the future either a small piece of chicken breast, or pulled chicken would be far better. The chunks slide around funny and are impossible to keep on the bun! Overall not somewhere I'll be rushing back to. The atmosphere was cool, but unless you live in the Southwest part of town I don't think the sliders are worth the drive.
2	Finally went and checked this place out in the Southwest after being given a restaurant.com gift certificate for here.  There used to be a sports bar in the same location that never seemed to have more than a few cars outside.  I went on a Sunday night around 11pm and the parking lot was packed.  The bar was much smaller than I had imagined it would be and the bar side of the venue was tightly packed.  There were tables along the right wall, a small pathway between them and the bar where people would hang out and congregate.  There was virtually no room to move to and from the servers station for the waiters/waitresses and the look of disgust on each of their faces when attempting said movement was just priceless.  Not one of them was amused or even happy about having to go get more drinks it seemed because movement in here was near impossible.  On a plus side, there were lots of flat screen TV's to watch sports when they're on.The clientele was mainly comprised of 20-something type crowd there to get hammered as quickly as possible.  The music was the same dance/rap music that all the clubs and "hip" casinos on the strip seem to play now.  Not a rock song was heard over an hour of being there.  Lots of the kids thought it was a dance club and actually tried to do some grinding in the non existent areas between the bar and tables.  It seemed there is massive potential for fights in there with the closeness of everything and the plethora of booz being served.  We ordered the Hawaiian chicken and double decker sliders along with the lobster corn dogs.  All three selections were very good.  Our server was pretty good, he was cool about giving us wine recommendations along with some input on the sliders themselves.  One minor complaint was another server had brought our sliders to us but brought out the wrong order to us.  Easily rectifiable by our original server.By the time we got our food, we were both ready to leave, so we ate what we could, grabbed a to go box and got out there.  I don't see myself returning anytime soon.
3	I was very excited to try this place because of the whole born and raised thing. My husband and i are both born and raised in vegas and went for our anniversary...thought it would be a big deal if we came in. We were told only the owner can give you your born and raised card...a little disappointing but they still hooked us up. I thought the bartenders were friendly and attentive. Food wasnt my favorite. But not a bad experience. I think i expected more because of the name and the artical i read about them hyping the whole born and raised theme..bottom line..just another bar
5	Have you ever wanted to sit in a chic, dark bar, eat good food and pretend you aren't in Vegas for a minute? I do. This is the place. They are giving me modern design and furnishing choices along with unique art on the walls to go with it. There is actually an Andy Warhol Elvis piece with the BAR logo on it next to a painting of De Niro in shades from Casino. I know these things because the service was so outstanding the GM and the Marketing Director (I think that was her title) both took the time to personally introduce themselves and get to know us. We discovered we were all born and raised here which is unusual to have four people in one room born here. Lol. The place is gorgeous and has a long bar with comfy chairs and televisions everywhere. There is a lounge area with couches and tables that I will definitely come back and enjoy with a group. The music was everything from Michael Jackson to The Smiths and Coldplay. I was a happy girl. They hit it out of the ballpark on decor and ambiance. The food was above average for bar food in Las Vegas. I ordered the chicken fingers and onion rings which was served with homemade ranch dressing. Yum. The fingers were crisp and beer battered and tender white meat inside which I LOVED. The rings and the ranch were the perfect accompaniment to the fingers. They were light, very crisp and not too greasy. My guest had the Hawaiian chicken sliders and fries and licked his plate clean. He was satisfied. The food is quality. I will be back most definitely because every employee I encountered was super friendly, the chill vibe of this place and the tasty food. This city has needed a stylish bar like this forever. Leave it to some natives to finally bring it to us. Thanks B.A.R.!!!!!
1	Well.....I gave this place 3 chances, but I'm done. While the food was good ( I like the twice baked potato skins and my fiance likes the sliders)....the service was so terrible that I just don't want to bother anymore. I have been here three times to eat....twice later at night after work around midnight and once on a Sunday in the afternoon. The server at night, which I think was the same both times, took at least 10 minutes to acknowledge us. She seemed very pre-occupied with her male tables. She was completely unengaging, no smile, no personality....just an "order taker".  Food also takes forever so don't bother if you want a quick bite. (I'm sure skins take a bit to cook....but 30 minutes??) As far as our Sunday afternoon visit, I will say that the server did seem overwhelmed with the football crowd. She messed up our order, forgot we gave her a coupon, took forever, etc. Props though to the bartender who came around from the bar and pre-bussed our table.I've been a server for 13 years and its places like these I just want to come in and show 'em how its done!! I could sell the hell out of this place and I have the friendly personality to keep 'em coming back!Oh well...plenty of other places that are more welcoming in the southwest part of town.
2	We heard alot about this place so took the drive there. Nice place. Maybe a few too many TVs on the one wall. Can't see watching your favorite game with everything else going on.Server was great. He explained everything even when more of our guests arrived.  Homemade bbq sauce for the ribs ruined the ribs. And why shredded cold beets in the pork sliders? Salad was warm. Chili had an odd taste to it too. Nacho platter was big. Wings were dry and overcooked.I doubt we'll go back. Maybe if it was closer we would give it a 2nd chance but if you can't get it right the 1st time....
2	This review solely pertains to the food:Ordered the Double-Down Sliders.  They were served on Brioche, which is too much bread to be used for sliders.  The meat was overcooked and dry.  This may have been caused by sitting underneath the heat-lamp for a few too many minutes.  The cheese was imitation American and had the consistency of plastic.The fries were cooked in clean oil, but covered with either a cayenne pepper or all-seasoning salt, which is not mentioned in the menu or by the wait staff.There seems to be little or no management present, due to the fact that the wait staff spends more time on their iphone/blackberry than their customers.food is far below par.
1	Horrible service, staff was rude and mean, will never come back, EVER!!!
1	If your looking for a sausage fest and plastic cups this is the place for you...horrible service rude staff
1	Living in Las Vegas for 29 years, I was excited to try this bar/ tavern.  My first impression was good -beautiful interior, with flat screen tvs adorning the walls, and comfortable furniture... but this impression quickly changed as we were "greeted" by the waiter/ server with no smile and rude attitude when he finally took our order.  Our party was quite large since we were celebrating a birthday in our group.  The servers continued to act rude by the faces they made and made us feel that we were in the way of their serving line through their comments.  Even though I had the urge to leave, we decided to order food and see what all the hype was about.  I ordered the prime rib sliders with onion rings, and my boyfriend ordered the fish and chips.  We weren't impressed.  My sliders were dry and his fish was overcooked.  In the middle of dinner and drinking, one of our guests informed us that he was waiting outside because the "bouncers" wouldn't let him in since the bar was packed.  WHAT???  My sister proceeds to go outside to at least greet our guest along with her boyfriend, and guess what?  ALL three of them could not come back in.  By this time we were there for about 2 hrs -which was 2 hrs too long.  We decided to get everyone to leave this establishment and go to a more friendly, professional, and accommodating bar/restaurant who will be in business longer than this bar will be.  Never again, BAR, never again...
2	I really like the Vibe in this place.  They have a nice seating area with solo seats and booths with a ton of tv's to watch every game on tv.I was told they have good sliders, but i opted for the beer battered chicken fingers and fries.  The fries were good. They had some kind of cajun seasoning or something on them. But the chicken fingers, although tasty, were very very greasy.  I went with 3 others and they were all satisfied with their food.The service here was terrible. Not that anyone was nasty, they were just very understaffed. There was one waitress practically waiting on the entire section by herself. Someone (maybe a bartender?) was trying to help her out. he said there was a late party the night before so they didnt schedule a lot of people to be there for lunch.  I'm not sure if that was actually true or not. Either way they should have had more people on staff. It took forever for us to get our table cleaned and to get menus, and we had to ask for things a few times before we got them. at one point they brought over 2 pbr's instead of 2 bud lights. and then we had to ask a few times to get the right beers. they told us we could keep the pbr's, but we didnt want them.I probably would go back if everyone else wanted to and try the sliders. But if the service is as bad again I might get impatient and leave before they make it to my table.
5	Born and Raised.  Oh how I love thee, let me count the ways.Seriously, I don't get out much, but when I heard about this bar via the Yelp event which was in the near future, and given that I had just moved to this side of town, I decided to check it out.  My friends and I headed here for happy hour on a Friday.  I got there first.  Took a minute to get a drink, but the place was bumping and I was just taking it all in.  Our server ended up being Ali, who is the sister of the owner.  Super friendly and great service.  She made us feel right at home.  Which pretty well sums up BAR.  It's a really cool atmosphere with above average bar food and well-mixed drinks, but you can still relax.  You can be comfortable.  It is a classier neighborhood bar.  The wall of tvs and leather couches, the lighting, all work perfectly.  We tried a lot of the food on the menu.  I've seen reviews where people loved the tomato matzo balls.  I was not a fan, but loved the onion rings, fries, and the chorizo chili fries were awesome!  We also tried several sliders.  Stick with the sliders, and you can't go wrong!  The food was way better than most bar food.  Got to try the brownie at the Yelp event I attended later.  So good!So after Friday, Saturday night my friend and I were hungry around midnight and knowing that BAR serves food 24 hours, we headed there for some grub.  Different server but still great service.  Food was good, then we headed to Super Mex to play some golden tee. When I went back to BAR for the Yelp event on Tuesday (YES, I WENT TO BAR 3 TIMES IN 5 DAYS!), Ali recognized my friend and I.  We told her about it being our third time in five days and how we left to play GT because BAR doesn't have it.  She, ahemed, and pointed to the GT in the corner! haha.  Now I have no reason to go to any other neighborhood bar! Love this place!
4	After sampling the wings and sliders at the Yelp event, I knew I would have to come back for more. And since it was Valentine's Day (yes, wings and sliders are romantic to us) and we had a Restaurant.com gift certificate...Deciding on which sliders to get was incredibly difficult. We even contemplated ordering four different types (which is three sliders each and with a side of fries or onion rings each). Thankfully, sanity somewhat reigned us in and we settled on the Philly sliders and pulled pork sliders (which definitely filled us up). We ordered one with fries and added chili cheese to them, and the other with onion rings ($2 extra). And this was all after we devoured an order of hot wings and before we dived into the brownies with vanilla ice cream. (Hey, it was Valentine's Day - it was ok to overly indulge.)So here's how it all stacked up... The hot wings were fantastic. Excellent heat, great seasoning, and good sauciness. The ranch dipping sauce, though, was rather bland.The Philly sliders were incredible. The beef was perfectly seasoned and popped with flavor. And I loved the red peppers and melted brie cheese. To be honest, though, I wound up eating the insides and leaving a lot of the bun. The bread to ingredient ratio was just a bit too high.The pulled pork sliders were just the right size with the perfect bun. The overall consistency of the pork with the cabbage with the bun was great. A very good combination of flavors.The chili cheese fries were ok. Good flavors and crispiness, but I just wasn't that into them. My date, however, declared them one of the best things he's ever eaten. And even though I am not a sausage fan, I did appreciate the concept of the added chorizo on top of the fries and chili.The onion rings were perfectly done. Just the right amount of breading and just the right amount of crispiness. However, just plain old ketchup doesn't work with them. A special dipping sauce would've put these over the top.I am also not much of a brownie fan, but I loved the brownies here. They were so fudgy and decadent. And when topped with chocolate sauce and with vanilla ice cream and strawberries on the side - perfect, sweet ending to a meal.Oh, and the beer prices during happy hour are an excellent deal. And all of the staff are very nice. This is a definitely a great place. If it were closer to me, I'd most definitely be a regular. Well, I may just become a regular anyways - good wings and sliders are worth the drive. And there are so many more sliders to taste - oh my!
4	I came here for a the Yelp Born and Raised event about two weeks ago. My husband and I decided to bring some dining dough just in case there wasn't enough food to go around. There was plenty of food at the event so we ended up ordering some appetizers so we can use up our Dining Dough Certificates. Their prices are reasonable and the food is really good!I ordered the Twice Baked Potato Skins for $7.00. They were nice and cheesy. My husband had their Nachos for $9.00 I only had tried one bite because he finished them so quick. The meat that they topped the Nachos with was very tender. We ordered some chicken wings to go for $8.00 but it wasn't their Buffalo Wings. They had some specially made wings for the event that tasted like it was marinated with soy sauce and honey. It was really yummy! While we waited for our order we had a Deep Fried Twinkie for dessert.  It's the first time I've ever had one. It was good but I thought the outside would be more crispy. I liked the decor inside the bar especially the black and silver chair. It's a great place to meet up with friends and hang out.
4	I finally made my way to this place, and was skeptical from all the mixture of reviews. The ambiance is cool, dark and mysterious. I liked it! I was really enjoying some great songs they played , it was a diverse mix. The place was pretty busy it was hard to find a person that worked there, we were worried that there was going to be a crazy long wait, but alas! Our server arrived out of nowhere with a warm greeting . He brought out my tasty Lime decorated Corona fast! Our orders were taken and food was quick to follow. Let me say this is not average bar food. My salad was fresh and tossed perfectly with a ranch drizzle. It was tasty and crisp. I ordered the BBQ chicken sliders. They were so cute , but not too cute to eat! I loved how they were mini and not overdone. They came with onion rings on The slider. It was tasty and full of flavor, but not oozing with too much sauce. My date ordered the the meatball sliders , he liked them and I enjoyed my bite of them as well. This place is cool, the service was good, and more importantly the quality of the food was great!
1	Wife and  a friend went here a couple weeks ago and could not get served at the bar. Three bartenders were working and after waiting for fifteen minutes, waving them over didn't work even with money out. Some of them even were pointing and laughing. Finally left after 20 minutes and went somewhere else that actually wanted to serve us drinks.
4	Stopped in today to watch some of the NCAA tournament.  Great atmosphere with plenty of couches and chairs in the lounge area.  Beer selection is above average, with some Tenaya Creek brews keeping it local.  I ordered the Meatball Sliders on the waitresses recommendation and they were extremely good.  My side salad seemed fresh although it was a little heavy on dressing.  I also shared an order of Chorizo Chili Cheese Fries that were top notch as well.  I will definitely be back, just wish it was located a little closer to home.
4	Not your average Vegas bar which is a good thing! Really cool atmosphere. I sat and watched the NCAA games on the 16 TVs mounted on the wall. I'll be back. Soon.
5	What the mother fudge is this? Shocked, confused.... WOW! Let start by saying that this was completely unexpected. I walked in expecting a sports bar and got an upscale joint with the sports bar. Funny thing is... I loved it and I am going back. I arrived for happy hour so I immediately ordered the Nachos. I typically judge a place by their nachos and they were loaded to the top. It looks as if someone posted a picture, so I won't go into too much detail about them. If there is one fault, it may be a cheese sauce, but it's possibly a gourmet cheese sauce. It's a great tavern bar with lots of sports and TVs. How could one not like it. Also, the slider challenge looks interesting.
5	Went to Born and Raised for the second straight night and I was totally blown away with the place!  Born and Raised is a BAR for locals made by locals.  The concept was to take the love of Vegas for the beautiful lights, modern art, fast paced style, and creative food and drink and put that in a local venue...... Finally we have Born And Raised!With a great happy hour from 4pm-7pm and a reverse from 3am-6am this place is bringing it with $1PBR, $2 Drafts, $3 Seasonals, $4 Premium Well drinks and $2 off all the apps.  Their slider menu is nothing short of extravagant. My girlfriend and I split the potato skins and the Juicy Lucy.  For those that don't turn into the food network on TV; a Juicy lucy is a burger stuffed with cheese in the center..... Yup cheesy burger goodness in your mouth! Everything was cooked to perfection and the Ranch and Bleu Cheese is made at the restaurant and provides a perfect compliment to your food.Born and Raised..... A place to for sure call home!
4	The sliders in this place is off the chain! Its worth the money and there are soooo many TVs.
4	Really nice bar/gastropub. I was in town for a little bit, and wanted to catch the Kings-Ducks hockey game. My friend who lives here first took me to Scooter's, then we headed here to B.A.R. to watch the game.Our server was very friendly.As far as the food goes, it was pretty good. I went with I think it was the barbecue bacon sliders. They were pretty good, except the patty was way too overcooked for my taste. Definitely cooked well-done. I like my meat cooked rare. Anything cooked beyond medium-rare is overcooked to me.I opted for the onion rings instead of fries for another $2. They were so good that I ordered another side of them ($3) after I finished the first set.For desert, I went with their fried twinkie. I had never had a fried twinkie before, but it was pretty good. The twinkie was served hot, on top of a drizzle of raspberry sauce, with a side of vanilla ice cream. I enjoyed that, too.The drinks were a little disappointing. The first drink I asked for was an egg sour. Nope, never heard of it before. I've found very few bars that makes sours with egg white.For the uninitiated, it's real simple. Instead of using whatever comes pre-mixed in those bottles that you normally get with a whiskey sour, you take egg whites, simple syrup, lemon juice, ice, bitters, and the alcohol. Put them together right and you've got yourself an egg sour.Well, since I couldn't have my egg sour, I asked for a bourbon sour. Came back a little off, but still drinkable.Next, I asked for a Moscow Mule. No idea what that was. They asked me to explain. You take one part vodka (I like Russian Standard), two to three parts ginger beer, and one part lime juice. Serve in a copper mug. Nope, they don't have ginger beer.So then I asked for a sour with rye. That, too, came back a little odd, but still drinkable.So that was a little disappointing, especially coming from a place that markets itself as a gastropub.Oh well, still 4 stars because our server was friendly, the place was comfortable, and the food was pretty good.
1	Came here a couple months Ago And was not impressed with service at all!! Love the atmosphere the colors, the way the bar was set up is very cool! Tv were the best especially for football or college NCAA!! I could see this place doing great and would love to watch the games here but... I sat down and was playing poker! Went through $40 before I even got a beer! Asked for a menu got NOTHING  2 of my friends join me and still took for ever to get a drink! Asked for a menu again...Gamed over 200$ and got charged for all my drinks.Went back one more time with some of my co-workers from the lodge lets just say between 5 people and $700 THAT WAS THE LAST TIME I WILL EVER GO BACK THERE.
3	After we were here last time, the Yelp event, my wife & I fell in love with the food. We thought so since the food is so great we would buy several certificates for the restaurant. I waited for 10 minutes, even after Susan pleading not to make a scene. I finally had to ask what the girls wanted, then went to the bar to order myself. The BAR is still a good place to go and I still love the food....However the waitress is lacking in: -Customer Service / attention = 10mins, no drinks even ordered -Your welcome = I said thank you three different times, she never replied -Check = What do I need to do to get the credit card to you? Perform the flying cc? While I won't throw someone completely under the bus, your job is not that hard. Greet (30 seconds or so), drinks within 5 mins, accurately note what people want (she did perfect), delivery hot food as order in a timely manner, keep drinks filled (she did a good job on), and lastly drop the bill & pick up in a timely manner. We have 2 more certificates, I hope they would be better next time with a different waitress.
3	Stopped here the other night for a beer with a friend. Only stayed for one so really this rating is on the decor and atmosphere. All in all I thought it met expectations. It is a good layout a bit different / better than your average Vegas Pub. (i.e. PT's, The Lodge). Plus they served some Tenaya Creek Beer, which I give props for carrying some local brew. 3 stars for now. Will have to have good food and service to get more. Will update after I have tried.
4	For a local bar, this place is a top pick! It's cool and casual inside.  They offer a pretty decent menu for very fair prices.  For example, their sliders come in a set of 3 with a huge cone of tasty fries for $10.  Drinks are priced low too!Service is friendly. Bad news, they took the cider of the tap! NOOOO! BOO! I admit, I'll still be back.  Great spot for a no muss, no fuss night out.
4	The dark hues and leather booths are situated in front of the huge wall of TVs. Of course this is the area to be if you are looking to catch a game or odd enough the Lord of the Rings. At least those where the options we were given. The area is generally quiet, allowing for conversation and lounging. The staff makes sure to come around and check up on the guest, but do not hover over you. Although they are all business, it is not a bad thing, because you get to hang out with friends without the feeling of getting rushed. They have a decent happy hour with $1PBR, $2 domestic drafts, $3 Ranger IPA, Fat Tires, and New England Seasonal, $4 premium well drinks, and $2 off all appetizers. The nachos are ridiculous. Think of Taco Bell on crack. Presented to you as a heaping pile of chips, ladles of cheese sauce, shredded cheese, avocado, pico de gallo, sour cream sauce, fresh jalapenos, and beans on the bottom. The only issue I have with this is that by the time you get down to the beans you are almost out of chips and the ones you have left are losing their form because they are drenched in cheese sauce. This makes it rather difficult to dig them up and that's a shame because they were tasty. They are totally worth the $7. If you want chicken or steak on them add four dollars, but they were fine without.The sliders sound amazing, but my friend and I used the nachos to gauge our hunger. The mound presented to us was more than enough to fill us up, but this gives us another reason to come back.
4	I'm glad that BAR is in my part of town!  It's an excellent hang out with a fantastic menu and good beers on tap.  And another big plus for me personally, it's a smoke-free establishment...that alone is worth a bundle in my book!As far as food goes, I've always ordered from the sliders and appetizers sections.  They have some damn tasty sliders!  I really like the BBQ Chicken, Hawaiian Chicken, and Pulled Pork sliders.  I really like the BBQ sauce they use here.  Their fries are nice and crispy.  The Potato Skins and their Buffalo Wings are good meal starters too.They have some great beers on tap too, a lot of good craft brews!  Also the bartenders make some damn stiff cocktails too.  And all the servers and bartenders I've ever dealt with here have all been very nice and accommodating.  For those brave souls that want a food challenge, there is the BAR Challenge...15 sliders and a cinnamon roll.  If you're insane enough to complete it, you win $50, if you fail like everyone does you owe them $50.  Last time I asked no one had pulled it off yet.The wall of TV's is awesome too!  So many screens, all with whatever sports are in season playing.  And the booths and plush chairs over in the TV wall area are all very comfortable as well.  All in all, BAR is a great local neighborhood bar with a great upscale feel, awesome food and drinks, and no smoke!
3	I would give B.A.R. four stars for the food and two stars for service.  They have a nice selection of creative sliders.  I have had the le croque and the pulled pork sliders and they were both excellent.  B.A.R. has a great (but pricey) selection of beers and specialty mixed drinks.  I would personally suggest the Bartini.  Where B.A.R. really misses the mark is service.  If you are seated in the main bar area the servers pay pretty close attention to you.  If you are seated in the front lounge area good luck getting anyone to help.  Also, the servers tend to ignore you if you are only getting drinks and then the bartender will hassle you for not ordering through your server.  I would say come to B.A.R. if you plan on eating, but this is a poor (and expensive) choice if you are just wanting to grab a drink with a buddy.
4	Came back home to visit and was happily surprised by this place.  Great atmosphere and food, plus a friend won big at video poker!  I didn't try the food but it looked delicious.  Loved the decor and wall of TV's.Good times, I will be back!
1	The ONLY reason I'm giving this place 1 star is because it has good vibe for drinks and hanging out. That said, I had the Hawaiian chicken sliders this past week and had the worst case of food poisoning I have ever had... I literally threw up for 24hrs straight and still have not recovered (4days later).
3	Food could be really good but the bread sux...  Especially for a sliders menu. No excuse.  Atmosphere is cool.  Local bar, want to like it but hard in Vegas. To impersonal.
4	Love this place!  I had been meaning to try it for a long time...I had seen reviews on Yelp and also in Seven magazine.  Finally, my parents and I went to have lunch there!  AMAZING!  My dad had the prime rib sliders with plenty of creamy horseradish sauce.   I traded one of my sliders for one of his prime rib sliders and really enjoyed it.  *If you order the prime rib sliders, make sure you really, really like creamy horseradish sauce!  Although I enjoyed the prime rib, I was in love with my BBQ bacon sliders!  So juicy and delicious, with just the right amount of crunch from the onion ring on top....and they're the perfect size!  My mom had the classic sliders and thoroughly enjoyed them.  I really liked the option or ordering a salad, fries or for $2 more you can get onion rings with your sliders.  My mom and I each got the salad...it's a really nice fresh salad with the dressing of your choice.  Surprisingly large, considering it's supposed to be a side salad.  My dad ordered the fries with his, we all stole some and everyone liked them!  I have to give kudos to our waitress...I believe her name is Cameron????  Anyways, super sweet gal who was very accommodating the entire time.  So I loved this place so much, I had to take my husband there later in the weekend.  We decided to split an order of the BBQ Bacon Sliders because we weren't the hungry.  He opted for the onion rings.  The onion rings are tasty but they're the kind that fall apart as you're trying to eat them.  Regardless, they are very good.  Our order of sliders came out wrong and had chicken instead of burger sliders.  Unlike our daytime waitress, this waitress was apathetic at best.  Although I'm a firm believer that a good waiter can make or break a dining experience, I wasn't that concerned about her attitude.  We just wanted our food at this point.  My husband took the food up to the bar (because she never came back to check on us).  She brought the correct order awhile later and admitted it was her fault for pressing chicken instead of beef on the computer screen.  When our bill came, we were charged $10 for the sliders, $2 for a soda, and an additional $2 for "open food".  She charged us for her mistake!  The beef sliders are obviously more expensive that the chicken sliders.  This wasn't very cool in my book.  However, we do plan to come back because the food is great and my first experience was really great.I'd suggest coming here with friends for their happy hour or for a game...they have a huge wall with a bunch of TVs.  Really cool interior and comfortable seating.  I'm looking forward to the fall and being able to sit outside on their cool orange chairs, hopefully they'll be dog friendly :)PS:  Another reason I have to go back....they have fried Twinkies on the menu.  Just have to try one!  LOL!
5	Love this place. If your ever in the mood for a wide selection of delicious sliders at any time of the day this is the place to be! Also, for a local bar this place is really nice and the people who work here are really cute and funny:) My favorite thing on the menu is the bleu cheese burger. Melted bleu cheese, tomato chutney, and fries served in this really cute upside down cone thingy that reminds me of pomme frites! and I always recommend this place to my friends for happy hour because they have really good specials.
4	This place doesn't suck too bad! Great staff that is always interacting with you to keep the fun going. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the clientele can be a bit douchey! Which is what I totally don't want from a bar. But this is a trendy spot so I'll let it slide.
4	Let's just say between the beer and the broads there is nothing not to like about this place. If I belived in heaven, it would probably be a lot like this place.
3	We came back here again. This time I had the nachos. I asked to have the nachos Layered. The nachos were at best partially layered. I tried to get my self to click on 4 stars. I couldn't justify giving 4 for mediocre service. There are many places that will layer nachos (Off The Strip) and give good service.
4	Great food, fun atmosphere. Only thing is they don't split checks between big parties. Seemed kinda weird that our server wouldn't tell us that from the beginning with a party of 8. Policy or laziness? Anyway we all had to go take out cash from their atm...laaaame. Will definitely go back, but will be sure to ask for separate checks from the beginning.
2	GIving it 2 stars since the food doesn't suck. BUT this place is definitely not a gaming bar. They cater to people who just drink at the bar and leave the gamblers trying to figure out how to get their attention. The blond girl with big boobs sucks the most. I always had to flag her down for a refill even after losing $100 on a machine in 20 minutes. It was actually good in the beginning when the brunette was working when it opened and went downhill after she left. This place charges $12 for shots hahaha seriously? Again never coming back and they say it's a gaming bar but it really isn't. only caters to young kids who drink beers and don't gamble.
4	My friend and I came here for dinner one night. The interior is really cool with lots of interesting furniture pieces. My steak was strange. What was stranger was that when I ordered it cooked rare, they said they "couldn't cook that cut of meat that way" and when I asked for a menu to order something else, suddenly they could. Apparently I just totally ordered the wrong thing because my friend got the margherita grilled cheese sandwich and it was AMAZING. The service was a bit slow even though it was very quiet. The atmosphere was nice though. I will be back for that grilled cheese.
4	I like this bar.Great little happy hour spot.  Love the classic layout and the upscale decor.  Family owned with some great bartenders.Good selection of craft beers on tap.  Not too many people tap Dogfish Head beers.Also a good spot for a casual lunch.  Great sliders!
1	The first time i went to this bar I was satisfied with the service. The staff were friendly and attentive. I was at the bar playing video poker. My drinks and food were both comped as I played for a few hours. Then the second and third time I went the bartending staff were rude and appeared as if they were doing me a favor by pouring me a drink while I was sticking money into their machines. The third visit two of us were playing on the same machine for at least three hours continuously and they only comped us one drink each. The bartender was talking to what appeared to be her friends sitting next to me not playing on a machine and was comping their drinks - probably with my play! When I asked about their comping procedure, the bartender was rude and just walked away. I payed for my drinks with exact change and no tip. I will never go back there! They shouldn't advertise themselves as a gaming bar when they actually are trying to be a club - with club priced drinks - that is sponsored by people who play.
4	VERY friendly staff, attentive but not annoying. Deceptively modern decor inside yet the place was very casual in attitude.We went for drinks, happened to hit a late evening college football game which entitled us to the $2 draft beer special - apparently in effect during any football game, which is cool, most bars only do specials during NFL games. Great place to watch sports, they have "the wall" of tv's and this box thing they bring out to you, not sure what's it's called, but you can dial in a game and listen to the audio. Very cool.Played some table top poker, they do have a players card if you intend to play a lot (which I don't) but it's was cool they offered it anyway. Had the calamari app, really was tasty, not overly greasy and the calamari was tender.We were there on a Friday night and by 9 it was getting pretty busy, mostly a younger crowd, no creepers or weirdos. The only downside is it's a little bit out there, off warm springs and cimarron. If you live on the Southwest side of town, definitely worth it to check out!
4	Funny thing happened on the way to the Strip. We stopped at B.A.R. to pre game and put a little grease in our bellies for the long night of disrespecting our livers. One word... sliders. Everything from traditional angus patties to pot roast sliders... Uh yeah - pot roast sliders! Everything was off the chain including the... Wait for it... Wait for it... Sweet potato tots! I mean damn! Who is the genius that took sweet potato fries to the next level? Bravo sir or ma'am... BRAVO! The prices are very reasonable and the service was great. Even on football Sunday it wasn't packed but far from dead. I will be back!
4	This is a cool sports car, lounge, restaurant, and bar. Yes, it is all of these things in one. Best part of it is it's open 24 hours! Like most things in Vegas, I guess.Came here around midnight when I was craving a salad. Yep, I was craving a salad...sad, right?!!??!!!! Had to go with the steak salad and couple rounds of Jack Daniels. Hahah, the perfect meal at midnight.
4	Huge wall of tvs is hypnotic. Funky furniture is hip and comfy.  Food is great -- sliders are fantastic.  Many to choose from.  Friendly staff, attentive and tuned in to the menu. Draft beers tasted watered down a bit (imho) although I didn't get this confirmed from staff. Recommended, overall.
1	Good food; cool vibe; bad service and, apparently worse clientele.Tonight was my second visit here and it will be my last. The food was fine, the beer was great, the basketball game was on. Service was slow, but they were busy and I'm generally inclined to cut service people some serious slack since I've worked in the industry and my boyfriend still does.Where I am not willing to cut slack is when a customer returns to your establishment ten minutes after leaving to attempt to locate an expensive phone that they left at the restaurant only to be flippantly dismissed by the staff. I accidentally left my iPhone on the table at BAR. I realized it shortly after leaving and immediately returned to collect it.  While I've never left a phone at a restaurant or bar before, I've seen several friends do the same and always had the phone picked up by a staff member. I assumed the same would happen for me.When I returned, it was impossible to get anyone's attention. I had to hunt down my waiter to find him and rather than even give me a moment's attention, he simply said he hadn't seen a phone and dismissed me. No one else could be spared a moment to answer my questions or to help me. No one let me tell them what kind of phone it was; no one let me leave any kind of contact information; basically, no one gave a sh*t.When I got home, I attempted to call the phone number on their webpage. Not only is it impossible to actually get anyone on the phone, it's impossible to even leave a message without having the last name of someone to leave the message for. How management at this place expects to be able to assist customers without any venue to contact them is beyond me.While it is clearly my fault that I left behind the phone and the fault of whoever took the phone, the utter disregard for a customer attempting to get anyone's attention is sincerely appalling.
4	Nice bar and restaurant with lots of flat screens, even one in the bathroom!  Hubby had the half rack of ribs which were "oh so tender".  I had the chicken breast stuffed with crab which was very delicious and an entree I wouldn't usually order.I didn't see the desserts posted on Yelp such as the Fried Twinkies so we had the cherry cobbler.  Although it was very good, I would have put more crust in it. Service was good and it past the ice tea test.We will be back!
3	Nom
1	I can't even rate this bar due to the very upsetting experience. I use to go to this bar and brought 5-8 people every time. We love the food and I even enjoy gambling. The servers have been wonderful. But I went in with my boyfriend on Sat Feb. 11th, 2012 to have lunch, drinks and to watch the UNLV game. When we arrived at NOON every table and chair was reserved with half of the place empty. So a large well built gentleman came out of the kitchen and I walked up to him and said, if every place is reserved can you help us find a place to sit. Without asking us, he turned to this couple and said can 2 people sit with you? I do not mind sitting with people, but it was a set of seats that had our backs to the large TVs and we had to look across the room to very little tvs. We asked for another area and he gave us attitude. VERY VERY BAD service.... apparently they did not want my business and word of mouth has hurt other businesses that I have gone too. Too bad they do not know how to treat their customers and a great idea would be first com first serve!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	I like the atmosphere of this place. It's kind of lounge-y and sports bar at the same time. A girl can come dressed down or dressed up and you won't feel out of place. It's a cool spot to start the night or to spend the evening.Bartenders here are okay. They get their job done. Though I sometimes find they're brusque even when it's not busy.
4	The service is what impresses me with BAR. They have learn under Jason Saylor's lead, that they are there to create an inviting atmosphere with balance between the video poker "pod people" and those of us that go out to mingle and enjoy conversation with others. Not an easy thing to do, as you all must know by now. The food from what I have eaten thus far is quick clean and tasty. ~ Enjoy :)
4	This is a really cool place to go if you are a local. The place is nuts when UNLV basketball plays away games. (Even if you aren't a local and want something other than the Vegas Strip, check it out.) If you love sports, good food, and drink, then this is your place.I wouldn't call myself a regular, but I do go there often. The waitresses are great and they usually seem to remember most of the guests. They'll even hang out with you and talk if it isn't too busy.I was a little disappointed when I found out that the 13 hour happy hour had ended, but you can't complain too much when beer is $1 - $3 between 4pm and 7pm. And the appetizer specials during happy hour are just $5! The best food there are the sliders, especially the prime rib and buffalo chicken sliders.If you want to explore your inner Man vs. Food persona, try out the challenge:  15 sliders and a B.A.R., big ass roll in an hour. I've seen someone give it a go and it wasn't pretty.I will always go back!
4	I liked this bar/lounge/restaurant. It wasn't overly smokey, had lots of TVs, a good amount of comfy seating, and the service was great. Our waitress checked back several times with us to make sure we were doing okay, and she was quite pleasant without being overbearing. The food and drink were also very tasty. I had the Monte Cristo sliders, which were prepared differently than I'm used to (more like a breakfast sandwich made on French Toast), but very good. I had two drinks- one was just my new favorite of the month, which was perfect, and the second was their BarTini, which is like a raspberry lemon drop.  It was okay, nothing to write home about.  I guess the people seated next to us had a few too many drinks, because one of the guys could barely sit upright in his chair, and then GROPED my leg out of nowhere! I wasn't angry, just surprised.  Anyway, that's neither here nor there. I enjoyed my time at BAR,  felt that everything was fairly priced, and consider it a nice neighborhood gem.  I will return!
3	I had to know what a place that uses the abbreviations "B A R" would end up looking like and--more importantly--taste like.  Is it a bar or a restaurant?  Oh--it's both.  I love the seating in this place and looked forward to the menu.The food wasn't too bad.  Although when I ordered to go for my kettle chips with extra balsamic, most of the chips were dry on the bottom and there was almost NO balsamic.  Anyways, not a bad place, but it's not a place I'd frequent regularly only because 1) management doesn't recognize how often my coworkers go there and spend on literally a daily basis, 2) food is inconsistent, and 3) sometimes the wait is long.
4	I've been going to this place the past couple years but only now do I draft a review. It is located conveniently for those on the southwest and Summerlin side of town since the cross streets are Buffalo and 215 off of Warm Springs.The inside is very clean and trendy and the dark lighting gives BAR a loungy feel. To the left of the front entrance there are booths to eat at and a wall that has multiple HDTVs with various sports games on. The bar to the front has corner booths with high chairs as well as a full stocked bar with the good ol Video Poker machines.I use to watch Kentucky basketball games with my alumni here for those pesky 9am games (since they play 12pm EST). My club needed a venue with a good/decent breakfast with a good sportsbar/tv/sound setup and this was it!They have an awesome happy hour here as I took advantage of the $5 order of wings which were heartier than the ones at Buffalo Wild Wings further up the road on Durango and Warm Springs.I felt like going the healthy route so I ordered the steak salad cooked medium with the balsamic dressing. It was on point and I took the servers suggestion and added some A1 sauce on the steak. I'll definitely be back when I'm on this side of town to take advantage of their happy hour or to watch various sports on.
5	Born And Raised is like a way cooler hipper and more caviar vibe of CHEERS.. u will walk in and see familiar fAces.. Pretty ones too! Go there.. the food and vibe is great.  They have happy hour food as well as reverse happy hour for the vampires working Vegas graveyard shifts.  Did i mention lots of tv's??  And well...i like it here..and i like the ahi salad.. A Lot!
5	I love BAR! The owners and staff are so friendly and helpful. I was shocked how amazing the food is! I promise you that you will come back for more once you try their food. The atmosphere is very cool and comfortable and its definitely the place to go watch your favorite team. BAR is also a sponsor of The Running Rebels and I love how they support their community. I promise you that you will become a regular once you try it. Cheers
4	Bar Food, it is bar food. how good can bar food be? well. this my friends is good bar food. I had the prime rib sliders. it came with a side of Au Jus. Bread was great, prime rib was juicy, and the Au Jus, topped it off great. As I drank more, I knew I needed to get sober. so i opted to try the Pulled pork sliders. I didn't know they were with BBQ sauce. that was my only gripe. I was expecting shredded pork that was seasoned, also came with red cabbage, great touch tho. A little too much BBQ, but after taking shots of hennessey, it all tasted good. To make things great, my cousin did the Bar Gamble, which consisted of 15 sliders, and one BAR, (big ass roll), I won't tell you what it is, you're going to have to figure it out yourself. Of course this all had to be done in 1 hour, sounds like alot of time, it was hard, he fell one slider short. For his consulation, he didn't get a shirt, and had to pay the bill, 50$. great atmosphere, a little upscale, but good people and good staff.
4	Okay...the location is a little out of the way for me.  However, I love the decor and feel of the place and drinks and service was good.  It seems like a great place to meet up friends for UNLV game, etc.  Another one off my bookmark list.
4	My favorite after work, time to get drunk, not too busy location. A great menu selection and diverse alcoholic beverages make for a good time, ALL the time. Check this place out if you're on the Southwest.
4	The crowd is a little weird here, it's like people leave the strip and before they go home they come to BAR.  They are dressed all clubbed up and feel like it is a meat auction for locals.  But besides that...They have great drink deals, I think they have 2 dollar PBR drafts on tuesdays or something.  The service was pretty good, the girl seemed busy but our drinks didn't get too empty.  Food was awesome, very good bar food.  We had some house made potato chips with a blue cheese sauce, that was amazing.  We also got a chopped salad and some monte cristo sliders that were phenomenal.  I want to go back and try some more sliders!
4	Parmesan garlic wings and fries!!! YUM! We went one night to this place just to grab a drink or two before heading home and my friend ordered the wings and fries. I just munched on the fries which were delicious. The next night we ended up right back there at 6am and this time I had some wings and I just loved them. Its like the perfect end of the night snack for all the alcohol in your system. I tried a Hey Reb or maybe it was called a Rebel Red (hmm) drink just because school started that Monday, so I was honoring the scarlet and grey rebel and it was not as appealing but doable. It had like fruit punch rockstar and spiced rum. Not creative or anything, but it will give you that boost you may need to get your ass home or dial the right cab company.The scenery is pretty nice. I love the massive wall of tvs. I think I see myself here during a couple of football games during this upcoming season. I cannot wait!!!!! The bartender we had both nights called himself Sailor, but I forgot his real name. He is quite funny and always made sure we had drinks or more food if needed.I really enjoy this bar and how relaxing yet still entertaining it can feel at 6am.
5	Love this place!! GREAT place to watch the games (especially any Rebels games). They have pretty good specials during games for drinks as well as food. The atmosphere is great. Cool little seating area that includes couches, chairs, tables, more off-beat furniture, planted in front of a huge TV wall. Oh man, just thinking about it, I cannot wait for Rebel basketball season!!! It does get pretty packed for those UNLV games though.
4	Love this place.Delicious food with a large variety of sliders, which I LOVE. And MUST try their sweet potato tots and fried mac and cheese. AND they have monte cristo! Started hanging out here, more so for food and beer than to watch any games, but I will start! This bar feels so comfortable and is so clean and not shabby at all. Plus the servers are nice and they do have a happy hour.I am now a regular :)
5	Born and Raised are Dog Friendly in their Patio area.  Yuppy!!!  They treated Bentley (my dog) and I with red carpet during yesterday's game.  This was my first time there and certainly not the last.  The attention was incredible and so friendly.  The food was really good and very distinctively flavored.  I can tell you those chicken taquitos I had were not frozen and well priced.  Loved the ambiance inside and the plushy sofas inside, although I was sitting outside because I was with my dog.  Overall a great place, go ahead and try it.
1	Eff this place, I ordered a Red bull vodka, got a vodka sprite.  Ordered it again, got some kind of flat soda, I don't know what they were trying to serve me.  Service sucks.......  Outside furniture is tied down, so u can only sit with a group of 4.  Would be a great place for watching games, but I can't get past the bad service.
5	Awesome staff and great atmosphere. BAR  has a great happy hour and specials during all REBEL and NFL games. This is not your typical bar/restaurant because the food is to die for! BAR is the OFFICIAL HOME OF THE REBELS ON THE ROAD.
5	Great place to watch the games. Comfy seating. Wall of TVs. Food and drink specials during all NCAA and NFL games. $5 appetizers: Great wings, nachos, mac n cheese bites, and zucchini. Still more items to try next time. Giveaways during MNF.
3	Love the concept. Born and raised is owned by locals who were actually born and raised in Las Vegas which i can appreciate because i was too. If you also are from here you can bring in your birth certificate and you will receive 10% off your bill forever. Awesome. Great ambiance, love all the unique chairs and TVs galore. Decent prices and pretty good food. Cant complain about the over all place. Whats the deal with only 3 stars? The service is beyond horrible. It doesn't matter what time of day or how busy it is the bartenders always look like they want to kill someone. Being a bartender myself I notice the little things and I hate sitting at a bar when I'm paying and tipping (usually at least 30%) and I'm treated as if I'm annoying them by asking for drinks/etc. I continue going back because like i said i love the ambiance and the idea of people being from Las Vegas. And its convenient :)
5	My husband and I went to Born And Raised for the first time last night.  The food was Great!  It's bar food taken to the next level.  The atmosphere was  very comfortable.  Perfect to watch the game.  We will Definitely be returning!
2	Been there a few times...never gets better than ...Meh...Food is mediocre at best, got "Hawaiian sliders" and the buns we hard and crusty. Told the bartender they were not edible, and he left them on the bill anyhow.Drinks - okGaming - okClientele - doucheyService - slowAtmosphere - hip and trendy...the place looks great.Only thing that brings me back is the bartender "Sailor" great service and personality...anyone else just plain sucks!
4	Great spot, good food, cool vibe.I wish they wouldn't let people smoke inside, but other than that - love this place.
4	Went there during a game with the wife.  $5 appetizers.  Ordered nachos, eggplant parmesan, eggplant caprese sliders and the mac and cheese bites.   Expected everything to be much smaller, but the portions were VERY generous.  The eggplant parm was served on a crostini, but the crostini was buried (like putting your palm over a skittle), awesome.  The nachos were good, but the chips seemed over fried a bit, could have been a bit lighter and fluffier.  Same with the mac and cheese bites, they were a bit overdone, to me they seemed almost burnt, but the wife loved them.  Service was fine and we got in and out without having to wait for too long for a server. Paid $30 for everything and a $4 beer.  Had leftovers for lunch and dinner.  Overall a great place, but would be much much better if smoking was allowed outside only (ex-smoker),  We'll be back.
5	Great place, great service, and awesome food, every dish i tried there was great!
5	Awesome sports bar!!
4	The food here is delicious and unique. Buffalo Mac and Cheese is absolutely irresistible. You'd want to eat it until you explode, but you know how bad it is for you!Their happy hour with 5 dollar apps (4-7pm, 3am-6am, weekdays) are a really good deal. The wings are very very good at that price specifically. Additionally, the chicken egg rolls and quesadilla are also extremely tasty.If I have to knock off anything about this place, some of the food is a bit too expensive. I mean, the place is trendy and all, but even the beer feels too pricey. Additionally, it's sometimes too busy for the staff to handle, though that's tough to hold against the restaurant itself.I will have to admit that my experience with the service has generally been much better than some people on here seem to make it out to be. Sitting at the bar helps too though.
3	WHEN: It is open 24/7!WHERE: Warm Springs & Cimarron (pretty close to St. Rose Hospital- San Martin location)WHY: If you can't think of anywhere else to go at 4am!WHAT: Ok, I know you're wondering why I gave this bar 3 stars... & there is solely one reason... THE MENU SOUNDS BETTER THAN WHAT ACTUALLY COMES OUT. My friend and I decided to come here one whimsical afternoon for lunch. We first looked the menu up online and were so ecstatic already picking out what we were going to get. (They have a million sliders that seemed so deelish!)When we got there, we were not greeted, so we were a bit confused. We then just walked over to a table. The server then approached us with menus. We looked over the menu a little, and ordered as fast as we could. My friend and I decided we get different sliders and appetizers, and then SHARE. What can you say, sharing is caring!We tried the chicken parmesan sliders, reuben sliders and the cheetos macaroni appetizer. My friend's chicken parm was pretty dry, and my reuben sliders were abnormally chewy... the fried macaroni with cheeto crumbles was actually pretty good!! With the mediocre food, along with the mediocre service, it ended up not floating my boat. Who knows, I might step foot inside BAR again in a few months and see how that goes. In the meantime, try it out for yourselves and let me know how your experience goes! I'm open for any suggestions if you taste anything good!! 8)
1	I've been 4 times, late night, happy hour, and 2x for lunch - all times I was disappointed with the food and service.Food is mediocre at best, it all sounds really good on the menu, but is all done poorly when you actually eat it.Drinks aren't anything special either, just standard average gaming bar qualityThe clientele and most of the staff are douchy jersey shore wannabe types who don't care about quality service or friendliness.The one redeeming quality is the atmosphere of this place, it is well decorated and the TV's and seating are cool and trendy.  I now treat this place like a small sports/gaming type bar to watch the games at as they have a decent football happy hour.
4	This is my to-go bar, love this place. Atmosphere is trendy and lively. Staff is friendly. Great place to unwind or watch your favorite sport on tv. They have a variety of seating areas, bar, tables, couches, outside sitting. Bar selection is typical. Their food is awesome! A bit pricey, but awesome. Best bar food ever! Sweet potato tots are yum and grilled artichoke is delish...Did I mention they have gaming?...
4	I have been over 10 times.  I LOVE  that its a Rebel bar and the food and drinks are awesome... especially during when games are on or happy hour times.  I love the tvs in the bathrooms and the unique sitting areas.  The food is really good and there is a great variety.  My only complaint is the service.  At first figured it might be a fluke, however this has happened on more than one occasion. We went last night and it was fairly empty because there weren't any games on.  The service was sooooo slow and/ forgetful.  We ordered items that were forgotten.  We asked for the check and it came 45 minutes later.  We looked around and there were 9 tables and 4 servers.  There shouldn't have been any reason that at any time our drinks were empty and glasses cleared by the busboy before we were offered more.We will keep going, (on nights where we have plenty of time) but it would be awesome if the service was improved a bit.
5	Love this local spot
5	The breakfast was very good! But the sliders are the best! Cowboy Sliders are the my favorite, I order them Togo probably once a week.
3	I had no idea this was a sports bar. I mean, I knew there was an alarming number of flatscreen TVs and bro-ski's, but I just thought it was a regular ol' bar. So in that case, this place isn't so bad.The space is comfortable for that sporty stuff. But I came here at 3am looking for some beers and good conversation. Too bad our server kept forgetting my beers. I might have waited 20mins at one point before I caught her attention and she accused me of lying because the bartender said he brought te beer to our table. After consulting him again, she realized he brought it to another table. No apology, no beer on the house.The chips and salsa was okay. If you're gonna make your own salsa and rep it hard, you better make a damn good salsa and not some water, bland, under-seasoned bowl of soup.Come here for your favorite sports and good beer.
3	I like the atmosphere at BAR. Service during games is alright, but not great. Food is okay...the best thing I have had is the Mac 'n cheese without the buffalo sauce.
5	Every Sunday Guys, Every Sunday! the home for our sunday football! near home, always welcome you, same guys, great prices and the atmosphere is over the roof!Sunday Deals are awesome! too bad the season is out, can't wait for Superbowl! it's gonna be hot! get the sliders, took an advice from some reviews here, didn't disappoint me :-) and i keep with the tradition! Born And Raised, Keep Up The Good Work You Guys!
5	I lalala love this sports bar!! Every time I go in, it's super busy.The staff is very friendly. This isn't typical bar food, the food is amazing. Every time I go, I get some sort of sliders and fries. I was shocked at how good to food came out to be. They have yet to disappoint me!
4	I have been jonesin for this place since I seen their Fruity Pebbles French Toast on Instagram.  We went on a Thursday morning and were the only ones there.  We ordered Hendertucky Toast (Fruity Pebbles French Toast), Cookie Dough Pancakes and Monte Cristo Sliders.  We shared everything and it was all wonderful.  The service was great.  Our server was super nice and Chef Aaron came out and asked how our meal was and talked to us for a bit.  Not the service I usually get at a sports bar.  They have such a great menu.  I can't wait to come back and catch a game and try some of their apps and lunch items.
5	I think this place is great! I've wanted to stop by here numerous times because its around the corner from my house in Rhodes Ranch. Finally decided to stop in for happy hour on my way to a show. It was packed! But so fun. The service was great and the beer so cold and tasty. Many drink specials from 4-7pm. The decor is very modern and dark. Which I like. A lot of TVs here too and a super cool lounge area to watch games and chill. The food was voted best bar food in Las Vegas by the review journal so...yeah. It rocked. Ill be back here many times in the future.
5	Love this place! Great interior, awesome happy hour and great food!
2	Way over priced. Bartender is cute in the face but clearly miserable. Beer tap selection is far & wide though!
4	Why do we always seem to have such a hard time finding decent food at 1:00 in the morning?  We live in freaking Vegas! I know we have issues. In need of some decent, non fast food grub after rocking out to The Who. We wanted to stay in our neighborhood and after a failed attempt at a closed Asian restaurant I suggested B.A.R., and away we went.The music was good the crowd was young and good looking but not overly trendy. The background music was great. I could've stayed for hours. Our waitress was friendly, attentive, and cute. We decided to split a Build your own Burger with fries, we stayed pretty basic. The burger was juicy, cooked perfectly. I liked the bun, I loved the fries. Maybe it was the booze, maybe it was just good. We'll know for sure when we go back.
2	Well lets see. Hidden away like a crazy uncle in the attic. Inside is very elegant and charming. There's a small area for private parties. Plenty of flat screen TV's for sports. Full bar with super expensive poorly made cocktails. This reminds me of a singles bar, dress-code looks upscale. It doesn't have that "lets hang out and have a beer" feel to it- more like "Sex in the City lets sip on the Martini" kind of vibe. Too fancy for me really, I'm into the bar fights and breaking beer bottles on my bar mates head ;b At least this place is open late on school nights. But thats about all. :)
2	I came to this bar/lounge for a friend's surprise party. I did not choose the venue. I was going to give this place 1 star but the staff, although very unprofessional, were cool about us bringing in the birthday girl a special birthday dessert. We appreciated the flexibility but other than that our experience was a mess:Extreme disorganization about where the group was supposed to be, even though the birthday girl's boyfriend (who organized the surprise) called them weeks in advance and spoke with a manager.The food was simply subpar. I understand it's a bar but cheese on the pizza was coming out lukewarm and gelatinous. The servers were unprofessional and frankly, way too casual. A waitress, who I didn't realize was a waitress at the time, came and leaned her whole upper body across half the table and said in a tired voice "hey are you good?" I didn't know if she was a patron who was going to ask us for an extra chair or if she was drunk or what. We just looked at her, stunned, and then she abruptly shrugged her shoulders and swayed away. She had on a baggy, dirty sweatshirt and just looked unsanitary. Astonishingly cocktails here cost as much as Chandelier Bar. No joke. I definitely don't mind paying a premium for quality but $11-$15 for a cocktail served by a possibly drunk, middle-aged waitress with dirt on her baggy sweatshirt does not invoke 'quality' to me.I hope they have a conversation with their staff and improve their appearance and serving decorum, because the physical decor and location give this place potential, but for now I will not be returning.
4	I love that a drive here is between 5-10 minutes. Living in the boonies and far from everything will create appreciation like that, haha. I also like the food (it isn't amazing, but darn good for "bar food" standards and 24/7 availability) and the laid back, but classy atmosphere.I like the GRILLED ARTICHOKE with chipotle aioli and the BEER BATTERED CHICKEN FINGERS (the fries are really, really great too). The burgers, sliders, and breakfast are all good too. Also, check out their dessert selections, including the specials. We were fortunate to try the S'MORES CHEESECAKE and it was amazing. I don't care for marshmallows, but the torched mini mallows on top of the delicious chocolate cheesecake was perfect. Especially with the salted caramel drizzle. I just wish it weren't seasonal. The EGGPLANT CAPRESE slider is a wonderful Vegetarian selection.The special cocktails are yummy too and can't hate the happy hour prices. I love coming here after a late day at work and need to unwind and relax.
5	A forever high-five to B.A.R., my new favorite local bar.  Being that I am a Vegas native, I felt like I was destined to drink my way through life in this joint like no ones business!  I didn't find the servers to be rude like some other reviewers have described.. In fact, we were served immediately with a smile by our server and bartender during what seemed to be a very busy night.  I am a fan of dive bars with cold beer, good food and a touch of class and that's exactly what BAR is.  A multitude of flat screen TV's tetris one section of their walls with cool kick back and relax chairs, a full bar, a place to gamble, a place to grub, a place to lounge, a place to let loose.. Feels just like home.  Their food menu is quite extensive with items that range from breakfast to desert, from munchies to a full course.  Just getting done from a hectic vegas shift? BAR is your answer!
3	Great local bar for the Southwest area of town, foods good and this place is great to watch sports. Go during UNLV games, they have specials going on for that. Service was mediocre every time I've been there.
4	It's nice to see a place in this town which celebrates the fact we live in Vegas instead of hides from it.  Right when you walk in you see this displayed from all the photos on the wall, from the Rebels 90' championship to retro photos about our towns history.Decor wise this place looks more like a lounge than a bar which is a definite plus.  The stools are so comfortable and big that if I ever get a bar in my house, I most likely will use the same manufacture! They have a decent sized wall with TV's and little transistors you can bring to your table to get the audio from the game which I think is a neat touch.Food wise this is upscale bar food, but not always reflected in the prices.  Sure it's not cheap, but the quality is a few notches up from PT's so I have no problem paying for it.  i normally get the sliders and my friends get the deep fried mac & cheese bites.For me living in the Mountains Edge area, this place is close, for others it's most likely a drive, but it's not too far away from the 215 Buffalo exit.  Hopefully one day I will get the guts to try the slidder challenge which is 13 sliders and fries in an hour.  Eat it and it's on the house with a T-shirt.  Lose and it's roughly $50, but as BAR says "This town wasn't built on winners"...
4	Lived close by for over a year and finally went in, it was a very cool atmosphere , cool vibe, awesome menu! I loved it we will defiantly be back! We ate the Mac and cheese bites (yummy) and me and my husband shared the sliders.  Food was awesome and such interesting choices. Toke away was one star cause the drinks are a bite pricy. Next time we will have to go on happy hour! Hopefully the second time is as good as the first.
3	Everyone likes B.A.R., its always busy, I like it. The po po also like it, they're always always conveniently parked across the street or are they there for the donut place next door haha jk.  This place is never not busy, if you pass by @ 2 am on a weekday there's still a dozen cars parked outside. Well they have a happy hour that starts at 3 am so maybe their saving their spots. So their Happy Hours run Monday - Friday 4pm-7pm and 3am-6am and includes $1 PBR, $2 Domestic, $3 New Belgium, $4 Premium Well, and $5 Appetizers.I've been here a couple times and this review is mostly for my most recent venturing there.  There was a UNLV basketball game going on that night so it was pretty packed.  We were stuck in the back corner about 6 or 8 of us and I pretty much just stood all night, a few hours. I heard they had some pretty awesome happy hours, especially during UNLV basketball games, but it really wasn't a happy hour deal.  It was only $2 Coors Light, $4 Blue Moon and $16 100oz towers. I was looking for 50% off deals or something.  For a busy night service was ok, before we started ordering towers they were pretty slow with getting our drinks than we switched it up to towers and they were faster.  Ordered the chicken nachos it tasted good but I thought it was over priced.  I don't like making this kind of comparison since I enjoyed both places nachos but Nacho Daddy makes some awesome nachos for maybe half the price and maybe double in size.  The restrooms were pretty funky smelling, I went in once than another time about an hour later and it was still horrible smelling, it was like no one was taking care of them. They pulled the auto-grat out of the blue.  I loved how wild it gets during UNLV basketball games but I probably wouldn't come back during the games.Not a fan of my last experience but a possible fan of B.A.R. because of the food pics.
4	Somewhat hidden(next to st judes). Cool place, and one of the few bars that has pear cider (not on draft). Speaking of which this bar has a good selection of beer on tap. It's also nice that its not full of tourists. Price is ok.
1	Got food poisoning from their bar classic sliders last night..:( Will no longer be returning.
1	Straight up disappointed. Tonight was my secon time to this bar. I had hear a lot of great things and wanted to bring my friend here.We were both warmly greated at the bar by a cute bartender and everything was great. We both played $60 in our machines and lost but were enjoying the ambiance and service. The artichokes were amazing.Anyway we both stepped away to the ladies room. My wallet and car keys were at my machine and get huge black bag was at her machine. When we came back a lady we had not seen all night (we got there at 9 and it a 10:30) was moving people into our seats. I assumed it was a mistake and told the ladies and Askes our bartender what was happening. He said "it's my boss and I can't help". I turned to the lady and she told us she didn't realize we were there and then said we weren't playing $ And had to leave. More dialect happened but bottom line my friends and I moved to a booth & they calmed me down. The worst part was the "manager" came over and proved us wrong and then said she had no time to argue with us. It killed me because no matter how hard my clients get their is always opportunity to turn it around. Her ego got in the way of pleasing her customers. Two of which who work for high end real estate and me who is a manager of a hotel. I know how little it costs to comp a round even if you don't agree with the customer. Instead she turned her back on customers. So unfortunate. Btw the players didn't put in a dime and she never approached us again. At the end I met the great security guard who lightened our mood and said the owner would not think that's ok. He was a great mend to the night. I just hope this review gets taken seriously. Thank you
4	The transient culture of this city means that at any given time, I would say that only 0.07% of this bar is truly "born and raised." Their claim to fame is their huge selection of sliders which makes this place a crowd pleaser because -  a) The ladies can split an order and not gripe completely about "starting their diets tomorrow," andb) The gents can defend their manliness by partaking in the slider challenge.For those that break the seal early on and need to take a tinkle, there's a massive "M" and "W" on each respective door to help guide you. If you still can't get the message though, it's time to go home. You're definitely going to be wishing tomorrow that you hadn't been born though.
2	Well after seeing a packed parking lot night after night and hearing some good reviews from people we finally checked it out. Unfortunately we left very disappointed. Long story short, service SUCKED, we sat at a table and it took forever to get anything and they forgot things we ordered, the food was mediocre at best and the drinks were weak/watered down. I definitely wouldn't go back. Seems like a place that maybe caters to their regulars and doesn't give a crap about anyone else.
1	Service is terrible!  I've been 3 times now and service sucked every time.  This time my drink was empty for 20 minutes.  Last time my group waited over 30 minutes for drinks.  The owner is seriously losing some major bucks. In the future If anybody I know suggests going there I'll be busy.  If you want to hang out for free with no drinks or food then this is the place.  I'm sure the owner doesn't want to hear this but it's the truth.  The staff is so slow. On my first visit I thought ok it's just an off night but then two more times and it's the same terrible service. It's like the staff is depressed or on downers and are sluggish. Hire more staff or replace existing staff  if you want to be a successful business.  It's not that hard to keep an eye on drinks and move at a speedy pace. . As a business owner I see dollars flying out the door!
4	great food , good service one of my favorite local places
4	We come here quit ofter for happy hour and it is killer! Great drinks and half off appetizers!  It is a really laid back environment and they have a ton of TV's and will even give you a sound cone to listen to whatever game you want.  For bar food it is differently better then average and they have a great variety of sliders that are all great and the nachos are great!  Def give this place a try to watch a game, but be sure to be early if its a big game since they get crowded quickly.
5	Magic hat n' Patron. Quick bartenders and above average bar food.
3	While definitely one of the best-looking bars in the city, there's an underwhelming sense of followthrough in some of the food.All the elements are there - the concept, the vibe, the menu - all get high marks in my book.The concept - A gastropub started by those born and raised in this great city FOR those living in this great city. Love that. My husband is an LV native so when this place opened a few years ago, I knew this would be a great spot to take him on a date. And it was!  While the place has evolved some over the years, the concept is still cool. it's a true locals locals' bar.The vibe here is just different, in a good way. I'm a Jersey girl but I've been to Chicago a bunch of times --- this place definitely has this a Chicago bar vibe unique in these parts. The booths, the couches and all of the TVs - BAR finds a way to do it with a nod to elegance.There's a romance to this place that goes beyond dinner & drinks and happy hour. That hasn't gone away since day one. Plus they have some of the friendliest staff in town.The menu covers every angle...and they've upgraded their happy hour menu (5 dollar apps till 7) but here's where 2 stars fall off. My last few visits have been lackluster on the food side. For happy hour last week,  I had the mac and cheese bites, the ahi tuna, and the catfish. I didn't care for any of it really. The catfish was bland. The mac and cheese bites were okay but I wish you had a non-spicy option.. the ahi tuna app was stale and just not very good. I should have just stuck with the sliders. Sometimes though, restaurants lower the quality of their food fare for happy hour ( a la Yardhouse?!!) so maybe just maybe the other food is great when you're paying full price. I would definitely recommend BAR, especially for a drinks, an after-work hangout and the sliders of course....but I'll hold off on other food during HH.
5	This place gives me a hard-on...and when I say hard-on I mean I like it. Open 24/7, it ain't expensive, they got appetizers half price during football season. Food good as a mofo, it's swanky, waitress gals are cutie pies, and they got all kiiiiinds of good shit on that menu. Everyone in here seems to know each other which is good because they talk to each other and not my average ass so I can chill and relax in swanky-ness in piece. Oh and they got cheesecake...hard-on achieved....
5	Love this bar! Its setup is nice they have a million tvs in that place! Late Night they play adult swim on some of the tvs lol the food is really good quality bar food. I got their signature chicken fruit salad. When I ordered I was skeptical bc it had goat cheese and fruit? Thats a pretty risky salad for me. But it was amazing! I cant wait to get it again lol. All the staff is REALLY cool down to earth ppl. Atleast the ones who I met. Awsome bar. They play really good music too. A good mix with no techno! SCORE. I am so sick of techno! This place is awsome.
5	GREAT local bar!  Sliders are amazing, so many to choose from. Ambience is awesome.  Feels like you should be on the strip instead of near your house. Great place to watch any sporting event. Staff is friendly and attentive. I highly recommend this place.
2	B.A.R is a hidden, local friendly and trendy bar lounge set in the often over-looked Southwest of L.V.  How's that an oxymoron for you?  My mediocre rating is based solely on my BREAKFAST experience.  I'd been there in the evenings many a times and have no complaints.  Bar fare is sufficient and drinks are priced fairly for a "trendy" local joint.  The evening crowd is great for people watching and the vibe is very casual.  The Breakfast menu is "good on paper" shall we say?  Long story short, I ordered the biscuits and gravy plate, and the PBR pancakes, and the breakfast "sliders."  Not gastronomic rocket science?  I wasn't seeking nor expecting that, however was underwhelmed none the less, considering these items are difficult to muck up.  Biscuits & Gravy - Couldn't even get my fork & knife through it, they were so tough.  The gravy had good flavor but failed in the texture & temperature department.  It deemed "flour-y" and was gloppy, and was room temp. PBR pancakes - Overwhelming yeast flavor due to the beer batter.  I couldn't even get through the first one w/o throwing in the towel.  Bitter beer face followed.  Is that weird for pancakes?  Breakfast sliders & potatoes - Bacon not properly cooked and lacked any kind of smoked or maple-y flavor.  Kind of tasted like plain ham and not at all crisp.  The potatoes were dry and not enough seasoning could save them.   Absolutely no love put into them.  Great spot for evening rendezvous though!
5	This bar is just down the street from my house and has definitely become the designated "home bar" for my boyfriend and I. We love us some video poker and stop in at least 1-2 nights per week to get our fix. Machines are fair -- we've won big and lost big about equally. BAR also gives out raffle tickets for 4 of a kinds (and also other promotions depending on the month) that qualify you for their bigger drawings that happen on the 15th of each month. We've each won a couple of those too... great incentive to play!The Eggplant Caprese Sliders...yummmmm. The BF loves the Pepper Turkey Avocado Sliders and pretty much all the others too. Live music and special menus on Sundays. Happy hour drinks are cheap, but gambling gets you drinks for free so that isn't too important to us!Service here is so much better than other bars we've gone to around the area. If management is reading, HUGE props to the people who hired Sarah, T (her real name is longer, but I honestly have never called her by it), and Matt. They are our favorite people behind the bar and treat us like members of the BAR family! Never an empty drink or frown to be found!Huge wall of TVs for sport watching, but make sure to get there at LEAST an hour before a game comes on. The place gets packed! Also, don't be a douche and take up a gaming seat at the bar if you aren't going to gamble. Sit at a seat without a machine or move your booty to a booth (or the outdoor patio which is awesome and still has TVs!).Overall, awesome food, good gaming, BEST staff around. We love you, BAR! -Travis & Andraea
2	From someone born and raised in Vegas I was not impressed, not sure how or why the Lvrj gave them an award for best bar food, it was definitely not the best I've had. I'm giving them two stars for a cool atmosphere and I like the old Vegas pics but not the best spot for food, maybe just for a drink and to hang out.
3	This bar is fantastic! I came out with a couple of friends enjoyed some drinks and played some games. The lounge is unbelievable with a wall of tvs to watch whatever you desire. The drinks and food are reasonably priced and theres always new people in there. Great for locals to come out and cherish some new memories :)
4	I've eaten here a few times. Last time I had breakfast, which was delicious. The service was great. Our server even offered me club soda when I spilled on myself. I like this place and especially that I can watch the rebel games here. Ill be back.
5	This is a great place to watch UNLV basketball And have happy hour drinks after work. I have been here a couple times before.
5	When we lived closer we would frequent this bar all of the time.  Came in for my boyfriends birthday. They remember him of course.  Service was exceptional. Birthday shots all around.  Had a great time!
2	Major disappointment on a NFL Sunday.  BAR gets 2 stars only because of the building- it's a great spot.  The service was awful.  Just to clarify- it was not intentionally awful.  Just completely lazy and incompetent.  I'll spare all the details, but the major kicker was that after watching football, consistently playing video poker at the bar for over 5 hrs (tip cup full of cash), I get a bill for all of my food & drinks because the bartender was too preoccupied with her friends sitting at the bar, or playing on her phone to pay attention to someone gaming at their bar, which they post strict rules that you MUST play to sit there.  I eventually got her to remove the drinks after a brief argument, but that should have been a non-issue from the start.Bottom line is that I'm sure it's a fun place to hang out at night, but for a NFL Sunday morning, no one knew what games were playing on what TVs, it was incredibly disorganized with poor, slow service.
4	This is very nice and pleasant bar, Interesting decor, tons of TV and friendly staff.  I learned that the whole meaning behind B.A.R is dedicated to all of Las Vegan. People always think that no one is born and raised in Vegas, but apparently there are some.. They want to take care of you like if you were one of them. Although, I'm not from Las Vegas I totally fitted in.. lolOk, now the best part, they have happy Hr from 4-7 and 3am to 6am... their appetizers were pretty good, I would recommend some Fried Mac and Cheese, wings and of course a beer tower.  So If you are in the mood to have a drink at a place with a nice atmosphere and 32 TVs, make sure you visit this place.Oh.. and did I mention that they are big supports of our local UNLV team.. so make sure you show your appreciation and give back to our local bars!!.
1	My wife and I have always wanted to go to BAR. We finally found a reason, with another couple, and boy was that a mistake. The prices were very average for pub food. The atmosphere was dull, surprising during a football game. The food was ok, nothing spectacular. We tried fried Mac and cheese, dumplings, and sliders. Nothing blew us away. The main issue I had was with the service. Our waitress was not attentive, not proactive, and just all around seemed annoyed with our presence. However, I would not give 1 star for averaged food and bad service. My main issue was smoking was permitted in the restaurant. Yes, it's a bar but everyone was smoking and nothing was being done about it. We had a smoker in our group and even he was uncomfortable. It was confusing and disgusting. Won't be back.
4	Went here for our company party !!We went on a Sunday night, they had our table set up when we got there at a little after six, we all stood at the door for a while waiting to be seated, that never happened so we just sat ourselves at the biggest table there which ended up being ours.There was 12 of us and we work in a restaurant, so our servers, were not impressed with the customer service and drink orders, they took forever !!!!!!!!!! As the night went on their servers did much better and really stepped it up, like i said being from our own restaurant our standards are a bit higher.But, we had an absolute blast !!! The food was good, a few mix ups but nothing that couldn't be quickly fixed.    We had A LOT of drinks, they were all good and not watered down, we were able to be loud and have fun.Our waiter was fun and awesome, very sweet.  I think he should have had a helper, sometimes he was too busy with one side of that table.  Not at all his fault he was wonderful !!!All in all we had a great work party.  Even celebrated a few bdays.....mine included.Not sure if we will go back as a group but i look forward to coming back to watch some football some weekedend !!
3	This is super fresh and upscale for a sports bar. I originally came here because I read an article in the Review Journal about the brother-sister team that own this place, and I agree with their political beliefs. Heh. Otherwise, I probably would not have stumbled upon this place. It is a bit "out of the way". Their food is a notch above typical bar fare, and they use the RIGHT wine glasses for whatever type of wine you order (it really bugs me when places just have that one generic stemware for ALL wine, but I am a white woman with not many problems). Waitstaff is great. The bartenders will let you sit there for 30 minutes sometimes while you ponder life's mysteries..so I usually grab a table so I don't have to flip a table.
5	My favorite late night bar... Bartenders are very friendly and they have great food...
4	Coming from Colorado, down to earth bars that create a "bar family" type atmosphere has been hard to find in Las Vegas. Most places are about the clubs and lounges and dance music. Born and Raised reminds me of the best bars back home! Great food, friendly local clientele and reasonably priced drinks.... Not to mention the food is amazing! More than just bar food! The deep fried Mac and cheese is delicious! Ideally when you walk into a bar you want to know you're not going to break your bank and still have an amazing time! This is that place!
2	I've been there a few times.  I'm a Las Vegas native (Go Banana Bagels, Rebels too!).  My sister and her friends are regulars there.  I had a good time on New Year's Eve, in spite of the poor service.  I think the blond female bartender is jealous of my sister and her crew, because I can't think of any other reason for such horrible treatment of regulars.  We were ignored the whole time we were there.  I played twenty dollars in double double bonus poker, my favorite game, and the bartender didn't want to comp my drink.  Unheard of in local gaming bars.  Maybe she thought I was a tourist, which I kind of was because I live in SLO, CA now.  Well, eleven months later I'm still unhappy knowing my sister and her friends still go there.  I guess you get comfortable going to your local bar.    This place is pretty nice and cozy on the inside, to their credit.  There is a lounge area with flat screens, couches and coffee tables.  If the service were better, I would go nowhere else whenever I go back home.  I would rather go to a dive or a biker bar than this place.  At least they treat you better, and if you're a player, you don't have to ask them to comp your drink.
3	Decor I love, service was great, food was so so. The decor was fun, modern and there's a touch of feminine. Something unusual to see in a sports bar.Ordered the following (rating):Deep fried catfish 3/5Crispy zucchini with lemon aioli 3.5/5Classic Burger Sliders 3/5Eggplant Parmesan 4/5I also want to note that the Crispy Zucchini was expensive, 4 pieces of thinly sliced zucchini for $5. 3 pieces of sliders and French fries for $10.Their prices are a more expensive compared to the other sports bars. Might be back.
5	my fav. bar in vegas...friendly staff and great service. the prices are good and I love their happy hour. I think every local should go there and watch.their fav. sport,grab a drink and chill with friends.
5	Items selected:Homemade Mac & Cheese Bites - chipotle cheese sauce, cheetos dustWarm Garlicky Pretzel Bites - hummusColonel's Fried Chicken - baconnaise, pickle chips, sweet potato totsMonte Cristo Sliders - French toast stuffed with ham, turkey, swiss cheese & fried eggs, served with a side of potatoesBanana Bread French Toast Sticks - banana brulee, caramel sauceHendertucky Toast - fruity pebbles coated French toastNot particularly fond of beer or bars it was with some trepidation, but on the advice of someone high enough in the industry that I trust his word, that I walked into Born And Raised with a friend from Columbus for an afternoon of college football and catching up; little did I know the afternoon would also feature excellent service, a fantastic selection of music both new and old, plus some of the best 'bar food' I've encountered in a setting with no less than fifteen live sporting events on a single wall to entertain my eyes.  Ostensibly a locals-only place in theme and due to location B.A.R. does not seem like much from the outside and upon entering the surprisingly large space we were met by some surprise as the restaurant was having a rather slow day (something I'm told NFL Sunday is certainly not) but greeted by our server we were quickly led to a high table in the main dining area and with menus in hand a decision process began resulting in two beers and six plates plus a couple more when another friend arrived later.  Creative in theme given the 24/7 nature of the space and featuring items running the gamut from simple sliders to inspired stoner-cuisine two of our items would derive from each of the appetizers, sliders, plus breakfast menus and proceeding sweet to savory every item was executed every bit as good as the new class of celebrity-chef gastropubs on-strip; the monte cristo slider, Mac n' Cheese Bites, and Banana Bread French Toast particularly memorable while the Hendertucky Toast is simply too absurd, fun, and affordable not to order.
1	Worst service ever. Draft beer selection is pretty large and food's not bad. But unless you're a pervey old guy that's a regular and tips $100 good luck getting attention.
3	Cool little hip vibe nice design but every time I come here it's always dead inside? I had the pastrami sliders which came on these mini bagels which were so dense and didn't work well with the dish, stay away from these. Also the new castle draft was flat and I had to notify the bartender to change out the keg, something they should have caught?
4	Whatever happened to the law passed years ago prohibiting smoking in food service areas?? This place has always had great food, but the smoke is out of control. I would have given BAR 5 stars if my eyes and nose weren't burning the entire time. Please do something about this or at least update YELP's location description as a smoking location.
5	A great place to watch Rebels while they are on the road chicken wings are good the food is excellent!
4	The food is great! No doubt about that at all. The service left a lot to be desired. I've frequented BAR more than a hand full of times and every time I've gone, the food has always been outstanding. My favorite dish by far are the Eggplant Caprese sliders! AMAZING, every time! I would also recommend the Guinness Sausage Roll (kind of like a fancy version of pigs in a blanket), and the Ahi Poke (both apps only $5 during happy hour FYI!). The service on the other hand, has always been 'meh'. Longer than normal wait times just to get drinks (including water & soda), to even be greeted, to have our order taken..etc., and this isn't always during a busy time, or a game, whathaveyou..Just every time. Nonetheless, I enjoy this place. I come back, I meet up with friends, drink, eat and have a good time. The lack of service doesn't prevent me from coming back, but it just puts a damper on the whole experience. I plan for it now, and tell people that they should too when recommending.
3	This place is nice and close to my house. My only complaint is that it is REALLY smoky and I find it hard to eat in a place that reeks of smoke so bad. And the waitstaff and bartenders aren't particularly friendly. But, I will probably continue to come here because it's close to me and the food is good, it's much better when they open the patio up and air things out.
4	They let me in here despite my being Born and Raised in San Diego. Didn't even have to lie.Neat little bar in a weird part of the Southwest. By Glaziers and Wenchell's Donuts. Very busy for the football playoffs but cleared out to reasonable Saturday night capacity as soon as the game was over. The place has a lot of lounge couches and plenty of televisions for sports events.YET THEY HAVE NO UFC EVENTS: THE SPORT THAT WAS 'BORN AND RAISED' IN LAS VEGAS. I need this explained to me.Service: spectacular. On a busy night the server was having us sample beers. Our server was great, the guy who wiped off the table was great, bartenders were excellent. Food came out in a timely fashion and it was quite good. The serving of onion rings was a bit shallow but overall great food experience. Cuban sliders were muy bueno and they have burgers with donut buns on the menu. Also reasonable prices.Place definitely has a more casual locals style vibe. As I left I sincerely wished they would get UFC events so I could visit again. But they're not so I guess I'll just keep going to Buffalo Wild Wings.
4	Food is pretty good. Service is on point. Yes people, if it's busy, they may not get to you right away, patience. I don't drink but my buddies like the beer.
3	We had a few cocktails & appetizers during happy hour.  We ordered the garlic pretzel bites and boneless chicken wings. The pretzel bites were good. I asked them to put just a little garlic on them & they complied. The chicken wings were just average. It does have a nice cozy, living room like atmosphere and for a small location, they had a lot of TVs.
3	How have I not yelped about this place before? Brunch here is great! Some of the best blueberry pancakes in town. They do this breakfast quesadilla with siracha that is so good! We went on a Sunday and they have live music (this was not during football season of course) they have a wall of TVs as well as others throughout. I have also been here at night and the food was not as good. It was bland and lack luster.  They have good seating lounge areas, high tables and booths. They have a nice lil patio too. Servers day or night are always good. Will come again but just for brunch.
2	This place is so darned cute and comfy that I really want to love it.  The little L shaped couches in the middle of the floor are so comfy and fun to sit and watch the game, but then I order food and drinks.  The food quality ranges from mediocrity to absolutely awful.  I've had better microwavable boxes of food from Costco.  And maybe I'm spoiled by the seemingly limitless craft beer options in Vegas, but their selection is weak sauce.  Service is hit or miss, sometimes on the same visit.  We were there this past Saturday, and service started out pretty bad then went to non-existent.  To giver her some credit, it did get quite busy when the UNLV game came on, but that's no excuse to totally ignore a table.
4	They have  variety of appetizers.. almost anything you crave for they have... Their drinks are a little bit inconsistent they get strong and then not strong at all... service was very prompt :) and our server Kurt was hot lol
4	We visited with my brother, who is a local, for dinner. We were in town for the holidays and looking for dinner. We tried a few of the sliders and apps. Everything was tasty and the server was very friendly. It was a quiet evening, but we liked all the TV screens to watch games. I know my brother says this is one of his favorite places to visit. Seems like a place that might get a regular crowd.
4	Susan is the best!! Only go there because of her...ohh and the best artichokes!!
4	Great bar for locals and people that work in the service industry, they have great food and amazing service! I defiantly recommend this place!! Fyi try the mac and cheese!!!
4	Some of the best nachos I've ever tasted and the ambiance was great. I recommend everyone to go at least once.
4	Looks cool....... Happy hour specials!   ALL Apps are $5... Good service, showing all the games, great wifi.... good crowd. Nothing bad to say, I still need to try more of the food. We did have the veggie plate, tuna poke, wings, and bratwurst... All were good! good to see veggie options in a bar! Go Rebels.
5	Great experience....can't wait to come back!Mac and cheese bites dusted with Cheetos!Pretzel bites coated in garlic butter!Sweet potato bites dusted with powdered sugar!Prime Rib sliders!Melissa was an excellent server--friendly and helpful and the busser was attentive and polite.The atmosphere is certainly a hip 30 something crowd there to socialize and occasionally gander at the wall of TV's........Definitely be back! :)
4	Born And Raised (BAR), your home for watching UNLV Runnin Rebels sports.Came here several times for some get together fun with some friends. Never really gave this place a thought until these past several visits. I gotta admit this place is actually starting to grow on me like a rash. Ok maybe that's a bad analogy but you catch my drift.First off, this place is definitely the definition of a really nice sports bar. You have wide flat screen tv's everywhere and I mean EVERYWHERE including the BATHROOM. Yes, the bathroom. This is the first time ever that I almost forgot why I went to the bathroom in the first place. Somebody was definitely doing their job in regards to you not missing any second of the game here. As a big bonus and I do mean really big is that they have a projector that projects on to a huge screen all laid out with comfortable couches like what you would have at home. If anybody ever has a lot of money lying around and they really need to get me a birthday present, this set up is what I want. Refer to my pic for a better understanding.As for the layout of the place, its basically one big sports bar with raised tables and tall cushioned barstools. Even if they didn't have the flatscreens in the bathrooms it is still a nice place to do your business. Of course, what is a sports bar without a patio to hang out in? Yup, they have a nice one too.The food is something else. I would be satisfied with the just the appetizers alone. I have sampled their Pulled Pork Sliders, Turkey with Peppered Bacon Sliders, Ribeye Sliders, Nachos with Salsa, and Sweet Potato Tots. Whatever you get, make sure to ask for a side of Chipotle Aioli Sauce. You can dip your tots, fries, or sliders in it for that added flavor that just is heaven in your mouth. I would also like to mention the Slider Challenge. If you finish 15 sliders and a mountain of saylor fries in under an hour, your meal is free and you get a Born And Raised T Shirt. If you don't succeed, you owe them 75 bucks. Hay, if you really think you can do it, you got nothing to worry about right? For Happy Hour, most of the appetizers are half off!Service here is decent. Depending on how busy they are, your server tries to do decent job of keeping up with your needs. So as much as possible, convey all your needs to them so they can accommodate you accordingly. Otherwise, if you keep asking for things separately, your response time will be slowed.As for the one negative, you can smoke anywhere in the place. Now if I was a smoker, this would be a surefire 5 star review. But since I don't, this is a major turnoff. I guess I got lucky the couple of times I was here, because both times the place was packed and only several people were smoking. Imagine a whole bunch doing their thing. I don't think any kind of ventilation would be good enough to keep the air clear. Now I understand that one phrase from that one Journey song Don't Stop Believin. "I seen her in a smoky room, the smell of wine and cheap perfume!".So if you are a UNLV Runnin Rebel fan, love to drink, and smoke, then this is the perfect place for you any time for its open 24/7. For me, I like to breath in decent air while I am able to eat anything that should not taste like smoke. I don't get how you smokers do it. I assume everything probably tastes the same. Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #57
1	I'm easy to please but this was the worst service I've ever encountered. McDonald's has better service than this. The food was cold. The eggs were like leather, the places nice decor over compensates for this bad service, cold coffee, and awful food. I asked for a hot coffee and that took 30 minutes and it was still cold. The worst part is the bar was empty. Id hate to see this place on a busy day. I really wanted to like this place based on it's reviews.
5	This bar is awesome!!!The food is not your typical bar food. I had the eggplant caprese sliders with the sweet tater tots, can I say HEAVEN! My boyfriend had the Bar signature salad, which he would not share because it was that great. We couldn't stop with just dinner, so we ordered the fried oreos and the banana bread pudding, TO DIE FOR! After checking the breakfast menu out we will definitely be back until we try every menu item!I read a couple reviews stating the service was terrible. I'm not sure how that could be, being that our service was exceptional! The place was packed and our server, Branden was so attentive and fun. For the people who said the service sucked, I give it another shot. Also, the decor is top notch and with a wall full of tvs you're sure catch any game your heart desires. And if you're not into the huge tv wall, they have an amazing patio for the great Vegas weather we have going on.So here's my advice, check this place out! You won't be disappointed
4	What an awesome bar for locals! It's a bit off the beaten track, but well worth a visit. The food is really good, the portions are generous (without being overwhelming), and the prices can't be beat. Good drink selection too. I went on a Sunday night and the crowd was lively and fun.
4	Excellent place to go watch UNLV away games.  The sliders are superb!
5	My husband and I get our orders delivered through an outside delivery service. I am impressed with the state of our food on delivery orders; they know how to package food so it does not get soggy and nasty by the time it's delivered..a concept many don't seem to understand. I can't tell you how many times I have had soggy food delivered by other nearby restaurants and have to reconstitute it in the oven. As for bar food, seriously, the quality is above average and unexpected! I am vegetarian, so the menu choices are awesome for me. As a vegetarian, you always have to substitute, ask for exceptions, etc..not the case at BAR. Thanks for being an awesome restaurant!
4	breakfast served all day, banana bread french toast and mac n'cheese bites! must try!!
4	This place is pretty cool. It's almost like sports bar meets high class fancy yuppie bar. If your a sports fan it's great. And if your into great bar food, this is the place for you. Artichokes, sliders, beer battered sausage biscuits. The prices are on the high side but I would pre game and then have the good drunk munchies they can cook up.
5	Atmosphere is amazing. Food choices are killer. Love this place. Overall, it's my favorite spot. Perfect locals place without the horrible bar food. Great vegan choices.!!! Great healthy options!!!
3	Decor is nice - food is really good with a nice Slider selection. We had the Prime Rib sliders withe the artichoke appetizer and the Guiness sausage. All good choices.  Was happily surprised to see some great Vegas memorabilia, as well as some retro furnishings, but I think they could use more to add to the ambiance.  Definitely going back for the food choices!
4	I came here for some video poker with my son after I beat him in every hand of poker at his place.  He decided my luck was too good not to  be playing for actual money and suggested we hit some slot machines.  Not really my thing but I was here for him so away we went!  He knew of a place he thought I would feel comfortable and I was very pleased with his locals sports bar choice with its modern, upscale decor and it's warm and inviting atmosphere. It is situated in a shopping center on Cimarron and Durango area south of the 215. For those not familiar with Vegas, this area is a relatively newer part of the city. Generally very safe and clean. There is plenty of well lighted parking and it is very near St. Rose San Martin hospital. It isn't a place that anyone just visiting would happen to see.  I only wanted water and the bartender kept my glass full as I was playing the machine. My son ordered the quesadilla and said it was very good as well.  The kitchen looked pretty busy and the dishes coming out looked really appetizing.  I will try some food next time.  I especially liked the large, comfortable chairs throughout the bar and the large wall of TV screens for those sports buffs who like sensory overload.  I will be back when I am visiting Vegas again, I'm sure!
3	Great drink specials for happy hour and Tuesday lady nights. The food service was slacking. Orders were made wrong, food  was cold :/
5	I love this place!!!....great food and staff...I am there for happy hour every Friday!
3	Went there with my boy to watch the basketball game. The place was busy and loud which I don't mind. Waitress came over and I asked for a water to start. Waited 15 min and no water she forgot my water and had to ask someone else to get me a water we both ordered the burger with no cheese and guess what!!!! It came with cheese so we returned it. At the end the waitress came by to apologize. I guess she felt bad.
1	Only good things about this place is that it looks nice inside and out and the chicken wings were good. We had a range of food including chicken wings, grilled artichoke, chicken lettuce wraps, and French toast. Everything was actually below level decent unfortunately, and we were very disappointed overall. The chicken lettuce wraps were honestly horrible, the worst ones I've ever had. Just terrible. The artichoke tasted like it had been soaking in bland water for hours and definitely didn't taste grilled at all. I asked for drawn butter that tasted like warm oil, so I didn't use that either. The French toast couldn't have been more boring either. No butter even on the side for it. Zero taste to it. I just don't know why people like the food here. We were extremely disappointed in the food, and I was excited to try it out. I'm sorry to say this really. We won't ever eat here again, especially since everything was pretty bad.
2	I went for appetizers and happy hour, so this rating doesn't cover entrees or sliders, which were supposed to be good.The appetizers are $5 for happy hour, which for the poke was fine but 3 tiny pieces of food is definitely not worth the $10 full price.  The "nom nom dumplings" with pork and shrimp looked and tasted like they were stuffed with meatballs with thick dough that looked overcooked and didn't taste like dumplings.  Service was very slow and not very friendly.
3	Not bad but far from good. PT's quality food at John Cutter's prices served by Denneys quality service!!! = one and done.
5	Favorite hang out spot, bartenders severs and staff Ina General are very nice, good is always top notch and booze it's always the best.When hanging out with your friends, this is the place to be. I'm a big fan!
4	Came here with Brian P to support Niyen on his slider challenge. We came here a bit earlier before Niyen's arrival to get some food to eat during Happy Hour. Happy Hour - Weekdays 4pm - 7pm & 3am - 6am$3 coors banquet, coors light, miller lite$4 blue moon, blue moon seasonal, batch 19$4 premium well drinks$5 appetizers (20 to choose from)(Prices shown are regular, non-happy hour time)Sriracha Glaze Chicken Wings - $7 - nice spice and flavor. comes with celery and carrot sticks as well. Whole Grilled Artichoke (w/ garlic butter sauce, chipotle aioli) - $10 - bigger than i had expected. and you kind of get bored of it pretty quickly due to the garlic butter sauce. not bad flavor wise. but not wise to eat it by yourself. XD --------------Slider challenge - 15 sliders, and a pile of fries in 2 hours. Free if finished. $75 if not. No one has finished it yet. Closest was all the sliders but not the fries i believe. CRAZY ! Sliders aint small either and they are different from the ones you order. I was told by Niyen that the buns are chewier and tougher than the ones you order separately.
5	Been here a few times with friends and we got beyond drunk and turnt up !! LOL the mike Tyson punchout is delicious!
4	Well I am giving four stars because of the atmosphere and feel of the place. I love the name first of all. BAR Born and raised....because they are actually born and raised here in Las Vegas and proud to be!  The music was not my kind of music but it was nothing outrageous where I had to cover my ears because they hurt. Lol (hate heavy metal). The place had a very chill feel. It was chill definitely a place to go and relax with friends and actually be able to hear yourself talk!!On the other hand I was very excited to see the pics on Yelp but come to find out the menu had changed quiet drastically. Food was still good. Lots of slider options, wraps, salads, and a challenge to finish 15 sliders in an hour. If you fail you owe them 75 bucks if you win then its on them plus a T-shirt. The fried catfish appetizers is a MUST try!!! I will be back for sure because everything else was great!! Want to definitely see how this place looks like on a Saturday! Oh and also you have to drink the Mike Tyson ladies!!!
5	Pleasant atmosphere great service I had a beer due to the fact I was meeting a friend here after I had dinner.   I wish I had room the food looked so good.  Maybe next time I go il try something.
4	Get this guys - they have an entire page of their menu dedicated to SLIDERS.  All kinds of sliders!  Sliders you never even dreamed possible!  As a girl with a mouth the size of a coin purse, I do love a slider because it fits so much better than a regular sized sammich.  I've been here...let's see (counts on fingers) four times now?  Yes, four times yet all I've ever had are the sliders because they're so darned lip-smack-a-doodle-dooing that I can't be bothered to order anything else.  The fries that come with are quite stunning as well.  Why didn't I give 5 stars, you ask?  The reasons are twofold.1.  Last night I ordered the Sweet Potato Tots as they are usually delish, but something's changed since last they crossed my lips.  There is a very unusual play-dough taste to them now that, as much as I love play-dough, I find rather unpleasant.  Play-dough is for building my empire with, not for eating!  2.  Last night, I desperately wanted to go home and crawl into my cozy bed and read my Stephen King novel but the waitress would not bring us our dang check!  When she finally brought it, I immediately inserted my credit card and placed the binder on the end of the table.  I kid you not, she walked by 5 times without even glancing at it.  I even made a grandiose gesture the last 3 times of picking it up and stretching it out towards her (there was nothing in her hands, no trays, no other checks NOTHING) to save her the effort of reaching.  I think she was doing it deliberately, I know not why.  I know. Not. Why.  I try to be such a nice customer!  Anyway, I still love this joint.  (SLIDERS!)  I just hate being ignored, especially when I'm sleepy and Stephen King's IT is calling my name...
4	We went to Born and Raised last night for the first time. The food was tasty and the prices are decent. Robyn was our server and she made our dining experience enjoyable. Portion sizes are good and the atmosphere is welcoming. Will definitely return!
1	Just left. Terrible service. Ordered a beer and 2 waters. Waters came. Waitress never came back. Kept trying to make eye contact with anyone other servers. Nothing. Got up and waves at waitress goodbye. Still nothing. It's not even busy in there.  Blonde waitress. No one resembling a manager around.
4	If you're looking for this place at night, make sure to drive slowly as you could quite possibly miss it - I almost missed it but you'll be able to see it from the streets driving by!Walking into the Restaurant you'll see the bar and tables everywhere, they have both indoor and outdoor seating. We got a table by the lounge area which has a lot of space and booths right next to I would like to say 20 TVs featuring different channels of games and etc - even the bathrooms have TVs! So the service is okay, not the best but not the worst either. The place didn't look too busy on our side but definitely quite busy on the bar side and outside patio. As for their alcohol selection, they have pretty much a wide selection of everything, quite a few drafts along with bottles for beers and different kinds of cocktails and wines for those that don't drink beer or just not in the mood. The food was pretty good. I had the eggplant sliders (after going vegetarian there's only so many options at a bar usually) and they were delicious! I was quite happy with my selection as it was moist and very filling. A friend got stuffed mushrooms which I didn't touch as I don't personally like mushrooms but he enjoyed them and got quite a bit of mushrooms. The prices are pretty reasonable for what you get. I would definitely like to come back again soon!
5	I have been wanting to write a review for a long time about this fabulous bar and restaurant...I can't say enough good things about the service and food!  Off the charts!  I highly recommend anyone going to BAR.  The ambiance is so cool...not like the rest of the neighborhood chain bars here in Vegas.   I especially recommend Tuesday evenings...happy hour and great prices for drinks until 9:00p.m. for ladies!  I look forward to each time I go there!!
4	Been here a couple times since moving to this part of Las Vegas. Right around the corner so it's convenient and 24 hrs! It is a smoke friendly bar but is ventilated very well (non smoker allergic to cigs and I'm always fine). Service is always spot on and although the food (main entrees) are a little pricey it is worth it since it tastes fresh and is always yummy!! Great local spot with a younger crowd!!
4	I went here for the first time tonight and I gotta tell you, it was a really great place. It had a very relaxing atmosphere. The servers could have been a bit friendlier.We started off with the fried pickles and fried mac and cheese balls. The fried pickles were very good but came with a sauce I did not care for. The mac and cheese balls were absolutely delicious I would recommend them to anybody. I thought they were great for happy hour prices at $5 but not much more than that. For dinner I had the build your own burger which was very good. Nice and juicy. It was an amazing Burger. My gf got the nachos. She really loved the pork. But saving best for last, a "MUST GET" is the fried oreos. They were to die for. All in all it was a great experience and I will definitely be returning.
4	Love the place. We watched World Cup final there with friends. Great atmosphere. Good food.
5	Absolutely love this place. Every time I'm in Vegas I try to come here. Great food and awesome atmosphere!
3	I was really excited to visit BAR when I heard that they were sponsors of UNLV. As an alum, I love supporting businesses that support the community! I came here for the World Cup Finals and the patio was extremely understaffed. We started inside where our female server was very attentive and friendly, however, when we moved to the outside area with friends, something happened. We ordered various food items and some came within 20 minutes whereas one of our items took over an hour! Totally unacceptable. Not sure if this is a management issue or if the server was undertrained but when I called him over to order something he told me I had to wait because he had to write something down. Aren't servers supposed to be carrying paper pads to take customers orders? This didn't rub me well. After I was finally able to order my taco salad, I was unpleasantly surprised at the amount of sour cream on this "salad." There was essentially little to no lettuce but a plethora of sour cream and cheese, making it extremely hard to eat. The combination of service and quality of food makes me question if I would consider returning during the UNLV Basketball season.
4	Great good selection for being a local bar, definitely a step up from your local P.T's. My only critique would be the sauce that is served with the fried pickles needs to go, the horseradish in it over powers all of the other favors. Other than that a great spot with decent prices and extensive menu.
4	Artichoke dip was missing the heart! It had no heart! All the kidding aside there was no heart & the petals of our artichoke were not very meaty.  The fried pickles were good, nice & thick but the dip was overwhelmingly horseradishy (that's a word right? :p) The signature salad with seared ahi tuna instead of chicken was bomb!  I got the catfish po boy sliders with the sweet-potato tater-tots & I was in heaven with these delectable little fried morsels.  They were like dessert & absolutely will bring me back some night at midnight or later!  The catfish po boy waa good but not great, they were almost a little dry, maybe if the buns weren't toasted or if they came with a tartar sauce or a lemon/garlic aioli dip they would have been killer.  I'll be back, definitely want some breakfast. Oh & a decent selection of draft beers, some more craft beers would be nice though. Maybe some more local beers.
4	Pretty cool little bar. They were playing awesome late night music after midnight. Not crowded at all so it was a great place to socialize!
5	you can not go wrong with this place, every time i go to BAR i leave happy, a little tipsy, and with a full stomachthe food menu is great with a variety of choices, sandwiches, burgers, pasta, salads, 12+ options of sliders, but my favorite part is the app section. -tuna poke-grilled artichoke-fried mac and cheese balls (seriously not many things better than this, its fried, its mac and cheese, AND its covered with cheetos!!!)-chips and salsa which seems blah but just try them they are amazing, chips taste like they are from an authentic mexican restaurant, and i love chips so i would know-boneless wings with siracha sauce (sauce is amazing and tasty)service is always friendly and great as well. our server was attentive, quick, friendly, helpful, and funny. one of the most awesome bartenders in vegas is also here ask for sailor and things will go up from there. he's awesome, enough said...north of 30 shots + too many cocktails + beer + a ton of apps + great company = amazing night = hangover the next daybest part when the check came figured it would be north of $500 but it was only short of $400. ill take that any day!
1	Place is on downward slope. Food used to be much better. Miserable tap beer choices that have actually gotten worse. Manager never comes around to see how things are. Empty tonight because no sports on. I guess they are resting up for football season because most of the staff seemed more focused on chatting & hanging out. Much better choices in the area. We won't be back.
3	Good food, great drinks, and great place to watch games on sundays, its just really really far away from where i live.
4	Always a good time. Great service, great food for a bar, surprisingly delicious garlic adamame! Never a dull night, bar and machines are always clean. Great spirits.
5	Everytime I have been here and/or ordered take out I have not been disappointed. (And I've eaten here a countless # of times!) EVERYTHING on the menu is excellent and delicious and I love that there are vegetarian options too! you really can't go wrong! The atmosphere in the bar and restaurant is lovely...couches and comfy seats and bar tables and a patio...to suit whatever your preference and all the servers and bartenders rock! I have never had less than an amazing time and good vibes. Plenty of TVs too to watch an event (TVs in bathroom as well so u never miss a play haha) and come for happy hour. Loads of fun people of all ages. Highly recommend !!
2	This place was not hoppin' last night and it's no wonder with the country music blasting. This place has great food and decor but if you want people to come in and stay you need to figure out what they're listening to right now. It wasn't that shit you were playing. My group of 6 stuck around for 1 drink and couldn't take it any longer. On a Saturday night- that place should be packed. It wasn't and it's because of your music choices. Lame.
3	Nice vibe and set up but a bit pricey outside of HH. And HH only until 6? Lame.The food is good and the servers are nice. The michelada they served me though, yuck. LOL. It was like a huge glass of tomato juice with a little beer. I like that there's a bar area and then a lounge-type set up. The TV wall is excellent if you're a sports fanatic. It just would be nice if they had more drink specials. This is close to my house but we usually go to PT's because the drinks are so much cheaper.
4	Friendly staff.  Food is awesome.  Drinks for happy hour great. Always a place to make you feel at home.
1	I keep trying to like this place, but I just can't.  I sit forever waiting on a drink and trying to flag down a waitress or bartender.  The food seems like it's a good menu - good variety, kinda upscale, etc, but it's just never that great.  The decor is good.  The service is never good.  The servers and bartenders are sub-par for Vegas.  The bar is mostly gaming so if you're sitting there and someone wants to gamble, you get booted.  Last time I was there we moved for some gamblers.  The guy behind the bar told us our tab would get switched to a table.  When we paid the waitress took our cards.  Then the bartender (a woman) came over and told us we didn't pay.  We explained the waitress had our cards.  She accused us of walking out on the bar tab.  I told her the guy had told us our tab would get switched over to the table.  Then she said there was no guy behind the bar (apparently I was hallucinating.)  The manager came over and didn't handle it any better than the bartender.  My friend ended up cussing at her and then it just went downhill. I can get bad service anywhere and NOT be accused of trying to walk out on a tab.  It's pretty ridiculous to accuse us of that when they actually had our debit cards in their possession!  Overall, I'm done with this place.
5	A M A Z I N G!!We went on Sunday during live music. Great atmosphere. The four of us tried buffalo wings (best in town!), bahn mi sliders, monte cristco, philly sliders, and pesto pasta. Everything was delicious! Also loved the Bloody Mary's! We will definitely be back! Great place with friendly & fun staff.
3	I live on the opposite side of town from B.A.R. so I was excited to visit again since I was in the neighborhood. My first visit was about a year ago, food and service was great. I remembered loving the sliders and quesadillas and hoped I would have the same experience but was unfortunately let down. Service wasn't bad. The food on the other hand.... Soft pretzel was stale and burnt. Fried pickles were mostly batter. Stuffed mushrooms had good flavor but were soggy. Three stars for the hummus that came with the pretzels,  review probably would have been 5 stars if I just got a huge bowl of that stuff and drank a few brews before eating.
2	Just left the B.A.R. The set up great very lofty and the interior was a plus.  However the food was horrible. Ordered a cheese queso dip, it was watery!! You can tell that it wasn't real cheese. It had a watery consistency and gritty as is if it was powdered cheese.... Maybe so!  It might as well been called queso soup! Not queso dip. The stuffed mushrooms were cold  and frozen in the middle  with the melted cheese on top.  Plus to make it even worse it was sitting in water. I have never had stuff mushrooms sitting in water, uugghh! As creative as the interior design was, they should set a higher standard and quality on their food.
3	Almost everything about this place is cool ! Although the service is standard ... I've been a few times over the years and food is always on point ! Great place to catch a game ... Whatever the sport you might be into!  The crowd is deff younger and keeps the vibe youthful ... Only complaint ... As a gaming bar they fall short.  As a player  I feel I don't get taken care of as I would at even the most dive of places! As I am not a follower of any of the particular bartenders... I feel I get looked over. A couple months back I went in alone ... Played about $60 before I was even acknowledged. Finally got an honest apology  from the bartender going about her daily side work ... Had 2 drinks and an artichoke ... At this point I'm about 200 in ... Frustrated cause I'm not winning of course ... Gambling is gambling I know, but no one likes to be down $200 for lunch ! I ask for my check and one drink was taken off .... One. She made it seem as though she did me a favor by taking off the more expensive of the two. Internally aggravated,  I ask the gaming policy. She runs  her spiel down. One drink for every active 20 played.  All she really indirectly told me was she had no clue how much I had played. Even more internally upset. I told her how much I played... then she again apologized for the way their gaming tracking is. She claimed to honestly have no way of verifying that I put in what I said I did... now I feel as though I'm being called a lair!  She took off both drinks from the check.  Went with a friend last night  just for a late dinner .. Didn't have any cocktails just food and a latte at the end of the meal. Now service wasn't bad at all ! Orders were taken promptly .... food was great ... I only played about 40 up and down the duration of  the time I was there. Sure enough my latte  wasn't even comped. Oddly enough my friend ordered a soda that just wasn't on the check at all.    I shouldn't have to tell a gaming bartender I was playing. All in all deff a place everyone should check out ! Atmosphere is great. Just as gaming bar they sadly fall short.
4	Love it I love it! Mainly for the set up inside. I love the couches they have to chill on with your friends. Also the booths are cool too. They have tons of TV's for your eyes to look upon. In the Summer they had some great specials that extended after HH. The food was decent and the servers were cool too!
1	In bar waiting no service just stupid  need new management
2	I must say, I was quite disappointed with the bartenders working here.After hearing the hype on sports radio, and being a local, I figured I would give it a shot as my office is nearby. It was a bit smaller inside than anticipated, however the decor was nice.My problem was, I was there during their "happy hour" and I had two drinks, and my friend had two drinks as well. I had two different bartenders serve us, and each one served us 1 drink, each. (2 total).When I asked for the check, there was 3 drinks charged to me, and 2 for my friend. I told the female bartender (the male was cool) I only had two drinks, and she called me a "liar" and said she served me two drinks and the male bartender served me one. I was disgruntled by her statement and made me rather irate. I am usually a generous, 30-50% tipper at bars, but she continued to reiterate to myself that I had 3 drinks.. Well I wasn't even buzzed, and when I am, I can count to 2.. She snarled at me, rolled her eyes and said I don't want to argue with you. As soon as my friend returned from the bathroom, I asked "how many drinks did I have" -- my friend responded immediately with the answer "two" and then the bartender has the audacity to state "I don't want to argue with you" and she went on to fix the check, after again, snarling and shaking her head.She tried to make me look like the bad guy in front of other patrons, but she was mentally and morally WRONG, INCORRECT AND RUDE.I did go back since then, and the service was superb. Hey, image that, the same bartender was not working that night. The two women (and the same guy) was there tending bar before the MNF game. The correctly charged for my drinks, (again only had 2!!!) and I tipped 40% of the bill. Just wanted to point this out that the bartender tried to hustle over $4, and instead got a $2 tip instead of 10 or 15.. That's all on her.Haven't tried the food here.. but I will maybe, maybe not go back again. Just wanted to share my disgruntled first-time experience.
5	Great environment, great food, great everything. Except they have an oompa loompa...and that's hella weird.
5	Love their Sunday brunch with live music and bottomless mimosas! The happy hour is great pricing for good food and beer.  Always have fun here!
4	Love this BAR for my NY Giant games that aren't on local TV...Grab a table & ask for a speaker to tune in your game...awesome appetizers, salads & sliders...they can bring popcorn too!
4	The food here is really good and you can get great breakfast stuff at any time. They have a really nice inside area with a TV wall that's great for watching the game and they have a cute outside patio if you want to sit outside. The drinks are good and the beer selection is nice.
4	Love this BAR for my NY Giant games that aren't on local TV...food is great, plenty to drink & the BEST are the speakers for the tables so you can listen to "your" team!Ladies bring a sweatshirt for the A/C...gets really chilly!
3	This place allows smoking which being from California is absolutely uncool. That being said there is a section that allows for non-smoking patrons. Once they open the side door it helped a lot with the smoke. The food was good the Monday night football was also great because they have a huge wide screen projector on the main floor. I would've given this place for stars but being from California I can't stand cigarette smoke it makes my eyes burn. Our waitress was great and was very attentive.
4	The good - I had read from many people the service was awful from many MANY people and on a Friday during late lunch hour we revived exceptional service! The FOOD, omg the food is amazing!! We had the Sweet Tamale Corn Cakes (if you only get ONE thing, get the sweet tamale corn cakes) the Mac and cheese bites (also amazing), the Bahn Mi sliders and the blackened fish tacos. The sliders were also top notch. The tacos are good but don't stand up to the amazingness of some of the other food. The bad - the sweet potato tots are far too sweet and should be served as a desert. I also don't like the fact they don't offer any type of lunch specials. The ugly - nothing ugly about this place
5	I went there last night! Everything tasted amazing! I got the egg plant sandwiches with an artichoke W/ a cider. My boyfriend got the cowboy! We both loved it. But from looking @ these pictures I need to go back for breakfast & dessert! I love the atmosphere. It's not to loud it's hair perfect. For either a date night or a evening night out. Only negative is they don't carry sour beer.
2	The only reason to come here is for the Rebel games. Otherwise it's completely overpriced. And the food looks good and sounds good, but just so-so from what I've had. Disappointing and probably won't come back. Servers are nice though!
3	Awesome menu and great food....BUT THE SERVICE SUCKED! The bigger blonde chick couldn't have cared less about our table. We had a group of 5, put in 5 alcoholic beverage orders, everyone also wanted an ice water....she comes back with 4 cocktails and 3 waters? Ok...(but this was just the tip of the iceberg.) We then waited about 12-15 min for the rest of our drink order! SMH...terrible start! Our group had just come from the new downtown Summerlin Mall, so we were all cheery and ready to do some drinking...and this chick just let us down at every turn! Next up we asked for food recommendations (3 out of 5 were first time customers) and it was like pulling teeth! She seemed distracted, unconcerned and annoyed while waiting on us! The food was dropped off in one big swoop....then we didn't see our waitress again until everyone had finished their meals. At this point we were all pretty fed up with dealing with the waitress...so we left and went to The Durango Lodge
5	Great for the games.As opposed to those dark and shady barsthat are full of smoke - this one is open, airy and good & clean with a nice patio.Not too many tables so get there early for a good seat.
5	I've only been here for football Sundays but it's the best place to watch. They've got soooo many TV's to watch each game on! The appetizers are amazing and so is the buffalo chicken Mac & cheese. The only downside is that the comfy seating in front of all the TV's get occupied pretty quickly, of course, but it's a very nice set up!
1	The atmosphere is really awesome here and has some potential.  Me and a girlfriend showed up around 11pm on a Friday night. We snagged seats at the bar. We got prompt service from a guy with a cool mustache, got our drinks, didn't see him again for 40 minutes.  We finally ordered the Queso Dip ---which was SOO GOOD. We got another beer. At this time, our beers were empty. The Bartender took the glass, but didn't ask me if I wanted another one.  25 minutes later, I finally got a beer. During this whole process,  there were 6 people behind the bar, all huddled in a  circle....talking. Nothing else.  Around 45 minutes later, I finish my beer, waiting around, 20 minutes go by, and the long Blonde bartender walks by to grab ice, and I say "Excuse me..." ...she proceeds to shoot me an annoyed look including an eye roll and continues on to what she was doing. All the while, the employees are still hanging out  behind the bar, not helping anyone. I look around, and most of us at the bar have no drinks.  How do you not want to take my money!?!?  We continued to try and get someones attention so we could pay for another 30 minutes after that. Finally, Jason came over, apologized profusely for his co-workers, and continued to help us. We didn't leave until 3:30, and had 2 beers apiece. My total bill for 2 beers, Queso Dip was $19 bucks. How do you expect to make money when your employees don't want to work? I won't be returning to this place just because of the snotty blonde bartender. Get off your high horse, and actually do your job.  kthx.
5	My favorite bar in Town. Every item on the menu is amazing, people there are amazing, and the staff is great! I like to try something different Everytime and still haven't been disappointed with a choice. Decided to go with Brandon's food reccommendations this time and they were on point. Even with how busy it was the service was incredible. 5 stars easily.
4	The atmosphere,  the food,  the drink,  all supurp! I come here quite regularly,  and the only complaint I have is the service is not always the best.  Maybe they are just understaffed so the amount of people that constantly go in and out of this happening place.  Who knows.  Anyways,  they have hands down the best French fries and pretzel bites.  As you can see,  I'm quite a fan.  They also have a pretty good happy hour during the week,  with 5$ appetizers and 3-4$ beers I am disappointed they did get rid of they're beer battered chicken tenders and hope they decide to bring them back.  Regardless born and raised is a great neighborhood bar for locals,  and I will always continue to come back.
3	Look, I LOOOOVE born and raised. It has an amazing and unique menu and its atmosphere definitely parallels that. As a Las Vegas native, I think it is one of the best spots for locals. Whether it's a date or hangout with friends to watch the game, BAR is the spot. HOWEVER, today I had the WORST SERVICE OF MY LIFE. There were maybe only 4 tables in the restaurant yet our waitress (the receipt referred to her as "1048 AM M") was awful. She asked us if we needed anything, my boyfriend said a refill on his coke and she said, "ugh can I do it in a little?". Shocked, we said sure. But then a little turned into 20-30 minutes. We also saw her make faces and grunts every time she had to bring something to a table. It was my first time bringing my boyfriend by and I was truly embarrassed that my hype didn't match his experience. I live down the street and I've always advocated BAR and of course I will continue to be a loyal costumer but this waitress is standing in the way of what could be absolute perfection.
5	Fun place to have a drink in we go there lot and we love in , good environment good vibe and the service is amazing can't ask batter than that in a bar
4	I've been here a few times & service is always excellent. Food is great & a very diverse menu for a bar. Pricing is a bit steep on drinks for being off-strip, so I wouldn't make it a regular stop, but a fun place overall.
5	Excellent food and service.  Best vegas has to offer off the strip.
5	Our favorite spot for a night out! Our favorite thing to do is sit at the bar, gamble, and enjoy the happy hour. We've gone at all hours of the day and it's always a great experience. The menu is fantastic! Breakfast is great-love the fruity pebble French toast. And the environment is always friendly and chill. It's our go to spot.
5	Love this place....  Manager goes above and beyond.  Been com here the last three years and have always had a great experience and good food.  Def a must come.....
5	Great spot to watch a game.  The food is good and the service is great! Plus, they are dog friendly on the patio.  Our server went above and beyond to take care of us.
3	nice place, great food and friendly  staff.  however  won't recommend  if you're  a non smoker.
4	I've been coming to Born and Raised the last three years for Football on Sundays. It is, by far, one of the best places in Vegas to catch all the games. I love that they have every game on. My friends and I really enjoy the people who work here, as well, especially Melissa. One thing I wish they would change (go back too) is having appetizer specials on Sundays. When I first started coming here, they had five dollar apps...no longer...but the food is too damn good to argue price. I love all the assortment of sliders, and the wings are top notch. I also wish they had a special on better beers, instead of the piss that is coors light. How about "Import Towers" for like $24 or something. Eh, whatevs...Still my go to place for football.
4	I found out about this place and started coming often, I had a server named Angela I believe with dark hair a few times... Awesome server!! Today I had a girl named Amanda, she literally took forever to check on us!!! Our waters weren't refilled I was so irritated. Worst service I've had in awhile. Food is great, other servers are great but she was seriously so slow!!! And never came around. I almost ordered at the bar!! Great place besides that! Best happy hour!
4	I'm not gonna lie, my expectations for this sports bar weren't any higher than the other average sports bars in town- I was pleasantly surprised by the unexpectedly upscale interior, and further impressed by the high-quality food!There's a wall of TV screens not unlike a sports book, making it easy to watch any game you came for- servers have no problem changing channels on a screen so you can view the game you want. Found the mix of sitting areas interesting: booths for groups, a lounge-area for ladies dressed to impress, typical bar seating, and ottomans everywhere for when your group grows larger than expected.But of course the highlight is the food- it's executed especially well and the menu has so much more diversity and quality than your average sports bar.CRISPY CHICKEN SKINS: not my bag, served with honey and enjoyed by my guyGARLIC PRETZELS AND HUMMUS: so good, generous portion, very garlickyBUFFALO WINGS: surprisingly meaty, well priced at 7/$8, plus veggie sticksSTUFFED MUSHROOMS: generous portion of 10 mushrooms served on a bed of caramelized onions, cheesier than expected, could not finish the orderPRIME RIB DIP SLIDERS: holy horseradish sauce, this was a kick in the face! Good option but ask for the sauce on the side if you don't love that flavor. Served with amazing fries, ask for the chipotle aioli for dipping. BUFFALO CHICKEN MAC AND CHEESE: portion could use a bit more chicken and a bit less noodle, but it's a generous one with an amazing sauce that has the flavor of buffalo and the creaminess of a roux but without an offputting amount of spice. Ordered this on a whim, but would get again!In addition to the menu items above, breakfast is available 24/7 and they also have a Happy Hour. There are 15 types of sliders to choose from and we only tried one. Wish this location wasn't clear across town for me, we'd be regulars if it were more easily accessible!
4	Get Amanda as your server. NO ONE can deal with my family except Jesus... And apparently now Amanda. She is so understanding and does her best to make you happy. Great deals on the tower of beers. $18 for the tower and it holds 6 beers. I may not be a mathematician but that = good deal!!!
1	I have been coming here since they first opened.  I live just a few blocks away.  In all the times I have come here, sometimes to have a drink and gamble, other times to watch a game with friends.  The food has always been hit and miss.  Sometimes very good other times very disappointing.  Not sure if they change cooks.  The service is also very hit and miss.  We sometimes get a great service, and other times we have had to wait long times to be served.  My last visit, has made me to discontinue going to this place.  Since I go here often, I purchased a restaurant.com certificate.  After our group had drinks, food and spend a couple hours watching a game. I went to cash out and use my certificate.  The waitress told me that they are no longer honoring the cerrtificates.  I asked to talk to the manager.  The manager told me that they have not been accepting the certificates for the past year.  I bought my certificate exactly 1 year ago.  How can they sell a certificate and not honor it?  I own a successful business in Las Vegas for over 20 years.  I can not believe a business would conduct business this way.  Make me think they offered the certificates to get people to come to their bar, and when they cash out they can not use the certificate.  I call this fraud.
