2	You remember that scene in Sopranos when Toni and Paulie go to Italy, so excited for the Italian food?  But once they are there, everything on the menu seems foreign to Paulie?  This is what I imagine some Italians must feel after coming to this pizza joint. It is a cute restaurant located in Little Italy, and there are usually lines outside.  It has a family run feel, and has been there since 1948.  There are plenty of selection of both pizzas and pastas.  We sampled both pizzas and pastas, and didn't feel like either were exceptional in any way.  The pizza crust tasted store bought, and the pasta was bland and creamy.  It wasn't what I was hoping for, but maybe that is because everyone has told me that the best pizza in Montreal is found here, and I guess I was a lot disappointed.  And the house-made tiramisu was so wrong, we couldn't even finish it.  It is a very family friendly spot, and the service felt uneven.  One other thing, you should BYOW, which again made me feel very very far away from Italy.
2	I went here during a recent weekend trip to Montreal.  While the restaurant is billed as "authentically Italian", in my opinion, it's far more Italian-American than traditional Italian fare (fine, if that's your thing).  Reminds me of the "red sauce" Italian places you find commonly in NYC.First up was a mozzarella di buffala with tomatoes and basil - a simple, classic dish that I love to make at home.  The dish was edible but the cheese was too firm, the olive oil was thin and watery and finally the basil was chopped too finely to be tasted.Two pizzas were up for dinner, the Toscana with prosciutto, arugula and diced tomatoes and the "chef's special" with Italian sausage, rapini and parmigiano.  The first was fresh and tasty but a little uneventful.  The second was loaded with a cheap, salty parmigiano cheese that overwhelmed the flavours of the other ingredients.The bring-your-own-wine, cash-only bit is a bit downscale given the prices. The servers are all in a tremendous rush to keep the food coming which makes it a difficult place to relax.  Great place to bring the kids since it's noisy and bustling though.  Given the chance, I probably wouldn't go back.
3	Good pizza and reasonable price.
4	This place is seriously delicious and the most perfect portion size ever! I got the mushroom and black olive pizza and it was delicious! The toppings are under the sauce and cheese as well as on top so when you bite into your pizza, everything stays in place instead of toppings and cheese sliding off and burning your chin. (That always seems to happen to me haha)Had the tirimasu also and it was soooo good!I definitely recommend this place!
5	I have to give Pizzeria Napoletana the five stars. The reason for such a high rating is because when my mouth meets an amazing dish of pesto pasta - I am a very happy girl! The restaurant may be small, but the portions were not. The dish of spaghetti swam in the pesto. They nailed it. My husband had a really good cannelloni and agreed that Pizzeria Napoletana was a good choice for our Italian food night while visiting Montreal for a short time.One of the downsides is that they do not accept credit cards, so I think they should step into 2011 and figure out a way to start accepting cards. We did not have enough cash on us and had to use the in house ATM.One other thing is that I think they could do a little better on the bread selection - I feel like I was eating a hot dog bun instead of Italian bread.
3	Basic perfectly decent quick italian-ish food. Authentic? Nope. But good enough to do the trick. Seems to be a family joint. Lot of crying babies when I was there. Comment si dice "earplugs"?
4	I love the Pasta here, and the Pizza too. The owners are really Italian, and its not the typical Italian restaurant, It is kid friendly, and it is higher paced then most Pizzerias.THIS IS NOT PIZZA HUT. and should not be compared to Italo-American Standards.Pizzeria has been has been in business for over 50 years. They must be doing something right. Don't go here to expect a romantic evening, it's quite small, and always busy.
5	Maybe the best at what they do! Fantastic thin crust pizzas. OMG. I ate there for lunch, I'm still full, yet I'm craving more. I'm out of control!Now if this wasn't enough... It's bring your own wine. BYOW! Friendly staff. Fast service.
5	Best Pizza in town!!  So many choices and so many possibilities to satisfy the picky eaters.  Personally I prefer my pizza nice and simple (Vegetarian style).  Don't forget to bring your wine.  The ambiance is fun and the service is very friendly.  Don't forget to try out the Salsiccia alla Rocco.  I did not try their pasta but I am sure you cannot go wrong.  I believe that Pizza Napoletana and Pizza Focolaio are the best Pizza places in Montreal in that order.
4	Great pizza with many other selections I want to come back to try.  Service was a little slow, but I came in for lunch at 2:30 so I wasn't expecting much.  BYOW, so come prepared.
3	I've been living in Montreal for years and hadn't actually heard about this place until I saw an episode of "You Gotta Eat Here!" on Food Network. I've read a lot of positive reviews and can say this place serves good pizza.First impression is that the place looks small, cluttered, and definitely very noisy. It's family friendly, not so much a good place for a romantic dinner.My dining partner expected to order a classic "all dressed" pizza, but we were overwhelmed with the menu choices and combinations.  It's a good thing the service was a little slow, gave us time to contemplate the options. After making our selection and ordering a drink, waiter informed us the soda was on the house due to long wait.We got some bread and butter, which I found too chewy and tough. I can't tell if that's just its texture, or that it wasn't very fresh. Pizzas were good, albeit very salty. I ordered the Rustica one: mozzarella, bonccocini,  tomato slices and pancetta. I was very glad they left an entire carafe of water because I had to down so many glasses....Portion size was enough to fill me.For dessert, we tried their Lemoncello and Ferrero Rocher cakes which were light and fluffy. Not too sweet. A good end to this meal.However main drawbacks were pricing, which I found a little steep. Their pizzas range from 10 to 20 $, most of them within the 15 $ range and these are individual portions. Also, my biggest complaint is that this place ONLY ACCEPTS CASH!I guess they're keeping it old school, and not only that, even their ATM machine is outdated.Both my boyfriend and I tried using their ATM and got refused, to find out that it does not accept cards with a microchip (which almost all bank cards have nowadays!) . Luckily there is a convenience store across the street where we were able to pull out some money.I never pay anything in cash and was quite shocked to find a well established restaurant, serving full menu and full house for years to lack any debit or credit card terminal.So if you plan to go as a family or group, make sure you bring cash and lots of it.
1	Forget this place !the people who like this kind of pizza probably never tryed the real pizza from other place than Napoli (italy).Just tomato sauce on it and nothing more...Quattro formagggi and i was searching the cheese on my pizza so trust me, try something other.Also, it's not even wood oven which is the most for make good pizza.No credit or debit card, just cash and nobody care about you...Just one things is bring your wine but for eat like that better to stay home...
4	So, this place claims to be the best pizza in town and living here for 10 months and being a pizza enthusiast I have tried a lot! First off if you decide to go I world recommend a reservation or showing up an half hour before you're viciously hungry because there will  be a wait. But I do believe  the wait  is well worth it. The pizzas are truly delicious. I would recommend you get a pizza, and your pal get a pasta and you share them both since the pastas are very, very good as well! It's BYOB which I love, so Make sure to stop buy a SAC and bring a good bottle.
3	Don't get intimidated with the menu that reads like study notes of an Art History major - There's 41 pizzas, and 33 pasta dishes, it might be a bit daunting to make a decision. I encourage you to explore the menu and pick different dishes, and share with the rest of your table. Family style eating is always a great way to go especially from this family run joint that's been around for 64 years.
4	On the pricey side for sure, but if you're a pizza lover this place is worth trying. My husband and I split a green salad to start, which was literally just a bowl of iceberg lettuce with two olives on top. The dressing was nice, but definitely not worth $6. We split the Tutta Bella pizza with mushrooms and pepperoni and I don't think either of us spoke a word - we just inhaled it. It was absolutely delicious, the tomato sauce really sung and they aren't skimpy with the toppings.I loved the ambiance of the place; when you walk in you really trust that you're going to get some fabulous eats. Just be sure to bring cash...and lots of it.
2	This restaurant has been a family favourite for many years but recent visits have been disappointing.  The pasta sauce was sciupata (bland) and noodles overcooked.  Don't get the feeling that there are many Italians in the kitchen.
5	Oh. My. God. I haven't been here in years and let me assure you, nothing has changed. The pizza is to die for. Considering its BYOW and the pizza is phenomenal, why not go here??? Reminds me of real home made Italian pizza. Not too greasy, not too over dressed ... Mmmmmm
3	Note: we went on labour day, so the restaurant was super super busy.I wouldn't call this the best pizza in town, but certainly a good one. We ordered the  Donatella and Tutta Bella. TB was fantastic, Donatella was nothing to write home about. We also shared the Romana pasta, which was well "al dente", sauce and ingredients were good. Service was edgy with mistakes here and there, but hats off despite the fact given it was a very busy night.
2	This is the kind of place you go to because everyone says you must, and until you have, whenever you have pizza in Montreal, you are left wondering if you might have done better to go here.  Now that I have gotten that worry out of the way, I won't be going back.  This restaurant is too popular and busy for its own good.  The food is not bad, but the atmosphere is stressed and hectic. There is nothing authentic about this pizza.  The combinations are mostly bizarre, with none of the classics of true pizzerias other than margherita.  I would not advise anyone to wait for a table here.
4	My man and I were in the mood for Pizza and came here from a recommendation for a good Pizza place in Little Italy.  We parked on the street and walked into Pizzeria Napoletana straight up front was the counter and they told us to seat ourselves.  The ceilings had the Tin-Tile on it and the brick walls added to the rustic feel.  There was a huge Christmas light-up tree right in the middle of the restaurant, and Murals of Televisions playing Italian Landscapes, I found it fun.The atmosphere was warm , there seemed to be a lot of return customers enjoying their weekend with friends and Bring your own wine. I got my Man to go to the SAQ down the street for me, so Great! The table beside us had 6 bottles of wine on their table and seemed to be having a "regular day" ..  how I Love Montreal!The waiters were efficient but not attentive we had to get our own menus (minus star).   We ordered the Insalata paesana to split its lettuce, onions, tomatoes, artichokes, olives it was good but I expected to get more for the price.We ordered the  Cheese Pizza and Saucisse alla rocco (Spicy Italian sausage on the side).  The Pizza had a Thin Crust and was crispy and delicious. The Cheese and sauce was really good too.  The sausage was good I wasn't impressed. Must Bring Cash here to pay. I had an overall great experience and will try this place again!** Oh and "Try something from "You Gotta Eat Here!" The Donatella, O'Sole Mio, Mafaldine Casarecce, or Polpette di Angelina" **
1	Ran out of desserts! Pizza is awful, lasagna had chopped up left over ham in it - gross! Our server left to go home halfway through the meal. Lastly they have massive TVs playing their food channel appearance where they cook things not on the menu. Don't believe the hype- it's cheap and being your own wine the rest is subpar slop.
5	I've heard about this place for a while and today was the day I had to try it out!  Let me preface my experience by explaining that I had arrived here @ 11:40 AM on a Sunday and the place didn't open till noon.  Okay, I was a little annoyed as I wanted to order my food and head home.  Patiently waiting, I went in to see if they would open early as there was 4 - 5 guys getting the place ready.  11:50 AM...door was unlocked but the guy at front said "we open in 10 min"!  As I waited one couple came by me, then another, then another couple.  To me this is a good sign!  One guy opened the door for us and what looked like a small restaurant opened up as they had a bunch of tables to the left! The place is nicely decorated with lots of photos.  In the front one photo of John Catucci (Food Network host - You gotta eat here) just next to the cash register.  Behind the counter was a professional looking Espresso/Cappucino machine!  This to me is another good sign!  15 minutes later I got my food.  I ordered a #10 Tutta Bella Pizza (mushrooms, sausage pepperoni, cheese) and a Pennine Arrabiatta.  Driving home the smell in the car made me salivate like a hungry dog!  Amazing selection:7 different salads, 41 pizzas and 34 pastas.  I also counted 20 different desserts!  What I can say about the food is this is some of the best reasonably priced Italian you can find in Montreal.  It's also bring your own wine!  Pizza was thin crust but with the tomato sauce on top!  Flavour and texture was amazing!  Arrabiatta was awesome too penne was cooked el dente!  I think the best Italian food is some of the simplest in terms of ingredients but the flavour you remember!  *****Beware!  They only take cash, but claim to have an ATM on site!  I'd recommend coming early or if you don't mind waiting as it appears to be a very popular restaurant!
5	Delicious food tucked away by Parc Dante since 1948. The service can be slow when the joint is packed, but I love to see it full of families, and last night full of friends. I loved the rapini and sausage pasta so much I took my leftovers home even though they were kinda debate-ably small for such a request. I've enjoyed the pizzas and antipasto here before and would highly recommend it except I'd love to remain able to get a table, so let me clarify: this won't do for fancy work lunches, or dinner, or fancy anything. And it's clattery loud with laughter and talk, not date night ideal. The TVs seem totally out of place and annoying to me, but then I am not a sports fan, so I see no need to broadcast anything while eating. The patio is romantic by the park... but forget I mentioned it!
5	The best pizza in Little Italy and maybe even all of Montreal. If your visiting Montreal this is definitely a place you need to check out!
4	If there is one blind spot in my Montreal food repertoire that I feel somewhat embarrassed about, it is Pizza. Despite my absolute love of all things Pizza related - I could honestly eat pizza everyday if such a thing were reasonable from a dietary point of view - I have not exploring many of Montreal's fine establishments. If someone were to ask me where to get a great slice of pizza, I honestly wouldn't have an answer that I could base on personal experience. Well... I want to change that. So last weekend, I took the opportunity after a visit to Jean Talon Market to try a Little Italy institution, Pizzeria Napoletana.Right off the bat, I am not a staunch advocate of either thin crust or deep dish pizza. I give equal time to both sides... as long as it is done right. In this instance, we would be treated to a classic Italian thin crust pizza. When coming to a place that has been doing it since 1948, one hopes you will be getting a great slice of pie. With thin crust, you are looking for a nice crisp base but one that still has a bit of chewiness to it. Too thin or crisp and you get something that tastes completely burnt. On the toppings front, you want a nice tomato sauce and good cheese. You want just enough of both to cover the dough but not so much that it overwhelms the flavor of the crust.I decided to go with a Quattro Fromaggi pizza for my first try. Before I add extra ingredients, I want to see if the basic pizza is done well. Napoletana uses Mozzarella, Parmesan, Romano and bocconcini for their version. This was a very well done pizza. It pretty much had everything I was looking for. Crispy yet tender crust - check. Bonus points for the slightly burnt edge as well. Right amount of both sauce and cheese - check. Tangy tomato sauce - check. Nice mix of cheese - check. Very satisfying pizza overall.My sister went with a even simpler pizza on her end - the classic Margarita. Once again, a very nice pizza with the same characteristics of the previous one minus the added notes of the Romano and bocconcini cheese.As the 1st true entry in the Montreal Pizza search, Pizzeria Napoletana was exactly what I expected from a Montreal Institution - a place that serves solid pizza, tried and true. It was a good initial benchmark to set my expectations for a good Montreal Pizza. Walking into the restaurant, you absolutely get that old school pizzeria feel - the pictures of celebrities on the walls, all the staff in restaurant t-shirts and caps, paper placemats and the fact that this still only take cash. If you're looking for a classic Napoli style pizza, this is a good place to start.Cheers!
3	I wish my experience lived up to the legend that this pizzeria carries with it. My pizza did not arrive piping hot with the cheese looking nice and melty as a pizza should look like. It was dry and notably not very tasty - though perhaps it had something to do with the fact that there was no meat on my pizza (just zucchini and eggplant). The crust was also not something I would remember fondly either. On the other hand, I had a taste of my friend's lasagne, and it was REALLY good. If I ever do come back, I will bypass the pizza for the pastas, but with the lineups so long to begin with, I doubt I ever will.
4	Awesome pizza!! It's a great BYOB and perfect for groups. Make sure you arrive early because there's almost always a line-up!! Try the buffala mozzarella salad, the rapini pizza/pasta and a cannoli for desert - and you're all set!
2	As someone who's lived in Naples for several years of his life, I have anticipated my visit to this restaurant for many years apprehensively knowing fully well how a Napoletana pizza should taste like. (And for the record, if you're ever in Sorrento, Italy.. go to Panetteria-Pizzeria Franco for the best pizza on the planet!)After passing by this area one night and seeing the ridiculously long lines outside at 7 PM to come into this place, I was convinced I should make the visit after reading these generous 5 star reviews to this little pizzeria. How can they be 'wrong'? :)I made it a point to visit it during lunch to avoid the lines.But were the previous reviews to be true?DECOR :Situated on a small street where parking in the area is a nuisance with locals getting all the privileged spots, you can find yourself spending a significant amount of time getting your car parked. Once you walk up to the pizzeria on the side of the street you can't help but notice a small side patio with ugly cheap aluminum-looking tables that I eventually found out were very uneven and needed to be balanced by the gruff waiter twice.I didn't spend a whole lot of time on the inside of the restoraunt as I wanted to be seated outside due to the fantastic weather. However, my first impression was that it looked small and cluttered and I don't see this place being viable for a quiet romantic dinner but more for a family and noisy place.FOOD :I ordered a Napoletana pizza (mushrooms, mozzarella, anchovies, parmesan cheese, tomato sauce) and a Chinotto Brio. Sadly, the pizza was loaded with a cheap, salty parmigiano cheese that overwhelmed the flavors of the other ingredients. I had hoped for better quality of ingredients but this single thing ruined a possibly good pizza for me. I'll definitely have to avoid the parmesan the next time.SERVICE :The service was lacking, even if the place was moderately busy. I waited in the front of the store with 2-3 other couples while no one greeted us coming in and looked on the staff discussing sports at the counter with each other for well over a minute.My waiter was gruff and didn't have a whole lot to say. I genuinely felt that I was bothering him being a single patron taking a table of 2 on the patio where half the tables were already unused.  I also wasn't given water until I asked for it  after I received my pizza and I waited close to 15 minutes to pay my bill completely unsure if I was going to pay at the table or at the counter. TThe service could have been far better than it was considering it wasn't that busy and annoyed me greatly.PRICE :This place can be expensive with most pizzas being priced around 15-16$ on average. Expect to pay a good amount money and make sure to have the cash on you as this place ONLY ACCEPTS CASH!BOTTOM LINE :I can't help but compare this place to my favorite Napoletana styled pizza place... La Bottega and simply shake my head as it's unfair to do so as La Bottega overall quality of food, service and decor overwhelms this small rustic place by a long shot. If you also want a nice classy and romantic place to have dinner, this is not the place to go to neither.I might come back eventually and try a pizza without the cheap parmesan stuff but I have far too many other pizza places to visit before doing so.
3	I've been to Napoletana twice now which clearly means its worth visiting more than once. My first visit was a Saturday afternoon and we waited no time getting seated- however, the three of us had to share a table on both sides with two different parties. I'm never a big fan of this. The hostess was sweet and so was the guy who brought us out out water but when the salt-and-pepper haired guy came out I asked him what size the pizzas were (all one size) he looked at me as if I was stupid until he eventually pointed outside.  I asked him again (at this point annoyed) and he again pointed outside. Given that I didn't see any pizza outside I asked what he was pointing at and he finally huffed and said the pizzas were the size of the empty plate I was supposed to be looking. All that when he could of just said 10 inches... All the pizzas are about 10 inches people. My partner and I ordered the classic mozzarella and pepperoni and a fettuccini alfredo to share... The pizza was incredibly flavourful. The crust was crispy until the last bite and the mozzarella and sauce really went far beyond a regular pizza shop. The fettuccini was perfectly al dente and the sauce was sheer comfort. Overall we were really happy with the food. about $40 for the both of us and very regrettably cash only so we had to withdraw from the ATM there.I came back today during lunch (Sunday) and put our names on the list to be seated. We were five people this time and the host quoted us 10 minutes. We waited a couple minutes short of 40 minutes but at least got our own table this time. The staff was super friendly and patient with us. I passed on the pasta and ordered myself the "Rustica" pizza and waited anxiously. The crust was, again, unbeatable but the pancetta was insanely salty which made it uneatable.  I picked it all off and still couldn't eat the parts of the pizza that had had the pancetta. I was all in all disappointed and still forced to withdraw money from their cash cow ATM. I haven't given up on this place and I'm sure ill be back. Their dessert menu looks really tempting (Nutella cheesecake?). This place has open 50+ years so I know they're doing something right and that my review isn't gonna make them or break them so I'm gonna give them their fair shot!
4	I like the place! Very good pizza, BYOW. I recommend! A bit loud though, but maybe that's what you're looking for!
3	Good pizza (especially sauce & crust) but not for the price. We had a nice time on the patio.
5	There is no doubt this is the best pizza place in Montreal.
2	Situated in the heart of Little Italy, Pizzeria Napoletana is known for it's thin-crust Naples style pizzas. We went there on a Thursday night and there were at least 10 people waiting outside on the sidewalk for their turn: and it was not even 7 in the evening. The pizzas are good, a bit expensive but perhaps on average only as expensive as pizzas at other restaurants in Little Italy. The service however was very bad. Since there are always people waiting outside, the waiters seem to rush everything which we didn't like. If you're comfortable with in-and-out burger style eating then this joint might be your thing. This also means that the waiting time between  you asking for the bill and waiter bringing it to you could be anywhere between 15-20 minutes.The other negative point about Pizzeria Napoletana is their seating arrangement. Their dining rooms (yes they have more than one dining room, 2 1/2 in fact) can look and feel very crowded at times because there's hardly any place to move between tables and chairs. You could easily listen to what people around you are talking about without wanting to eavesdrop (and people did tend to speak louder in this restaurant than in any other restaurant I've been to, I don't know the reason though).Once again the pizzas are ok but the service and ambiance leave a lot to be desired.
3	it was good pizza, but our server was a bit of an ass who acted like it was a huge favour that we asked for pepper/napkins/olive oil etc, when all the other tables were overly attended to. That was annoying, but it's just one guy.It is good pizza, nice fresh and healthy toppings, but it is a very sitdown, family oriented venue. A nice experience, wouldn't say exceptional though.Maybe if we went for dinner with a few bottles of wine, that would be different.
5	I make it a point to go once a month at least... I have to admit I am a foodie... so I go to lots of restaurants. Some of them keep me coming back. Napoletana is one of them... maybe even my favorite in the city. The food is outstanding, the quality of the ingredients is excellent and it's consistent. Love it! (FYI: It's BYOW)
4	Very fun pizzeria.  Great in summer if you can get a place outside.  Bring your own wine makes this place a great deal.  Share a couple of pastas and pizzas to get a sampling of the menu
5	So many people have been telling me about this place but it took a friend's bday to finally get me there. Pizza among my favorite foods and, as such, undergoes the more of scrutiny than would any other dish in front of me. That being said, I wasn't disappointed.PROs- Great selection of both conservative and adventurous za's- Quality ingredients and execution (my smoked turkey/jalapeno was divine)      o Thin crust gave the slice structure without a deafening crunch      o Cheese gave good coverage without being overly greasy      o Sauce was present enough to add flavor and bring the ingredients together without                    making a sloppy mess      o Toppings were fresh and each contributed to the overall flavor- The staff is very friendly and efficientCONs- I'll update if I can think of something but I doubt that will be the caseNotes:The place is a BYOW so it's great for a date or big party. The loud and bustling atmosphere is probably the result of the wine-drunk patrons. Personally, I prefer being in a vibrant atmosphere when I'm enjoying good pizza and drink with friends but I leave others to decide their preferences.
3	The Margherita pizza has a very thin crust that actually did not flop when folded and picked up.  The cheese layer sat below the tangy tomato sauce.  The Genovese pizza's pesto brought a needed freshness to contrast the smokiness from the turkey.  And despite the toppings combining for an interesting profile, the pesto could not replace a good tomato sauce.
5	This pizza was delicious! Thin and crispy crust, outstanding sauce and yummy toppings. I can't wait to try it again. Warning: peak hours are very busy, so you will have to wait. Try going off-peak. It will still be busy, but a short wait. Our server was extremely friendly and helpful. Got us set up at a table quickly with a stroller taking up a seat. Happy to speak English with me, which wasn't as common in Montreal as I would have guessed. Generally available when we needed something. I got the chocolate mousse for dessert. It was good but I would probably try something else next time. There was a wide variety of desserts available.
4	This joint has been opened since 1948 and, to my great shame, I must say that in my 47 years of existence, I had not been there until this past Tuesday, including the 27 years I lived in Montreal. While, in my opinion, Pizzeria Libretto rules the roost in Toronto for authentic Neapolitan pizza, it still gives out a few concessions to hipsterism ( here's looking at you, duck confit on a pizza!). Napoletana does no such thing. If it's not on a pizza in Naples, you can bet your sweet bippy that it won't be on a pizza here!Pizzas come in one size. The menu is overwhelming: 41 pizzas, 34 pastas, antipasti, desserts. No mains though. This is a pizzeria, not a formal restaurant. it is cash only and they have an Instacash one-armed bandit in the place if you are running out. It is stricly BYOW, which means you  can go vhe nearby SAQ , get a wonderful bottle of Ripasso like we did and avoid restaurant wine prices (which we sure did!).We had  pizza. A Rustica (Mozzarella, Bocconcini, sliced tomatoes and pancetta) and a primavera (Mozzarella, tomato sauce, anchovies, clams, black olives, artichoke hearts and mushrooms). The crust is perfect , toppings are plenty. If you have a pizza avoid having anything else before unless you share. Portions are very good.For dessert, we shared a cassatina ( almond paste, cake, mascarpone cream, a cherry on top, looks like a boob but delicious nevertheless! With one cappucino, the damage was $46.27.The room is basic with  traditional italian artifacts on the walls, as well as some tvs (ideal for the NHL playoffs). The clientele is mixed, singles, couples, families but they all have one common denominator: a love for great pizza. When you go to Montreal and crave for pizza, Napoletana is a must!
4	Pizza napoletana was great! I ordered a prosciutto pizza, which came on their signature thin crust with tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese. My only critique would be to add the prosciutto after it's done cooking so that the delicate coldcut doesn't turn into a slab of ham. I prefer my prosciutto uncooked, but all in all it was still a great pizza. I also got to try the four cheese pizza, and that was spot on. This place is great for someone on a budget. Prices vary enough that you can have a fantastic meal for under $15, which is a steal for the quality of ingredients. The byob makes this place golden.While I prefer bottega's pizza crust a little bit more (it's gotta be those burn marks), I'll still be back to napoletana for sure. It's got a good location to offer, killer sauce, and an ambiance that can't be beat. Deserves the hype.
3	The pizza is pretty solid cant complain about the taste. Not sure what all the hype is all about, it was like any other thin crust pizza. The prices are fairly reasonable. I ordered the 'Marechiara' with mushrooms, mozzarella, tomato sauce and olives. The olive were not pitted which i found annoying. The service here was great! Be weary of the long wait and they only accept cash.
2	My friend insisted to go there, claiming it was one of the best spots for pizza in little Italy. I never go in that area so I trusted her on this one. There was a line-up. I asked for a table for two and they told me I would have to wait 15-20 minutes. I immediately went outside and they called me 5 minutes later. It is incredibly loud in there. There was a World Cup match on T.V. but I doubt it's very different when there isn't. Italy wasn't playing. Towards the end we were pretty much yelling at each other and I deeply hate that. This is a BYOW and cash only. I think I saw 15 people using the ATM machine while we were eating. As for the food, they have an interesting selection of pizzas: vegetarian or not. I had the Tutta bella: sausages and mushrooms. It was okay, even better with the spicy oil. We also ordered garlic bread and that was not so good. It was basically a little dipped in garlic butter. Difficult to eat and let's face it, not very appetizing. Overall, it was acceptable but I just wanted to leave as quickly as possible due to the noise. Will I go back? Absolutely not.
3	Good solid spot gets 3/5 cause the terrace is nice and its BYOB. The pizza however is nothing to write home to mama about.
3	Overall a good spot. Ambiance: Really great for long dinners (we spent about two hours there), so it's perfect for family and friend get togethers. Not the best for a date, since the ambiance is less romantic and more loud with all the people they can fit in that place. Definitely has a familiar, big Italian family vibe. We went on a Monday mid-August, and were able to get a table for 6 on the sidewalk, but there were 15 people waiting outside when we left at 8, so if you want to sit outside, get there early or be 2-4 people. In the winter avoid sitting in the seating area close to the door - it can get chilly, especially with people waiting and going in and out.Food: Decent. Not my favorite pizza but it's certainly yummy. Their antipasto and pasta dishes are maybe even better than the pizza. The fact that it is byow means that this restaurant have good value for money.Service: they let you take your time, so don't show up starving. I asked someone who brought us our food to please get us some spicy oil, he said "sure" but then never returned. Oh well! Everyone who works there is clearly very busy, so if you like being left to your conversation this is a good thing. We found the service fine.Overall: this place is very popular. Best for early dinners unless you don't mind waiting. Open late-ish. Good for a group. Best part was getting seated outside. We will be back I'm sure!
3	Food was great, there's no denial here! Can't say the same about the service though... All male crew serving you, saw some nice ones but also some old men fed up with their job. Our server completely ignored us when we tried to get his attention a couple times. We had to go get our own water and bread... I'd still give it a try if you've never been, the food is worth it!
5	Very good food for a decent price. I've tried many of the pastas and pizzas and they were all delicious. Only downside is you have to wait a long time for a table
4	I have to admit the pizza is great, the pasta is amazing but the portions are a little small and they only accept cash. This is the only reason for a 4 star rating instead of a five. The vibe in the restaurant is really relaxing and family oriented. The waiters are very personable and it seem like anytime you make eye contact with one they have a smile and are willing to share a joke with you. Lovely atmosphere, true Montreal feel and nice outdoor terrace (when the weather permits).  I will definitely be coming back.
3	Came here again.. this place is good.. we like it.. it has yummy pizzas, it's BYOW, and has a lively atmosphere.. there's just something a bit miss with the service I feel.. you constantly feel rushed, the staff barely stand still to take your order and midway through appetizers (at about $15 each) mains are slammed down as soon as they're ready followed by the check mid meal.. everything is attended to it just seems rushed and a bit frustrated.. my wife made the observation that it was all male staff, and maybe they need a female on the team, which we thought was funny..otherwise we like it.. great pizzas, but it'd be nice if the guys took 4.5s to just say and act out some basic pleasantries etc. at $30 per person, i don't think it's that crazy to feel a need for..
1	Terrible service just trying to call and make a reservation. The lady on the phone told my husband that they can only take reservations for 6 people and up, and when I called, said only 8ppl and up. She also hung up on us twice. Would never go there.
4	Best pizza I have had in Montreal so far. True that pizza is not Montreal's speciality, but these ones are truly Italian. Is not a fancy place, though.
2	Getting old ! There are plenty of solid alternatives for pizza in montreal so one must constantly be on top his game in order to remain relevant. Service also requires a review and basic pleasantries are lacking here. I give it 2 stars as I have had good pizza here in yester years and I hope this place can turn it around.
