1	If the sample menu prices are accurate, this will NOT be an "everyday" neighborhood restaurant for us.  Cork n Cleaver provided excellent food at truly reasonable prices. The cost of a meal here looks to be double. What a shame.
5	We went to the soft opening. This place is beautifully decorated and very inviting.It was Great experience and wonderful food and drinks! Service was superb and I am beyond thrilled to say that I would have changed nothing about my dining experience there. Highly recommended!!!!!! Must try!
5	It's five star and beyond. Great addition to the Arcadia area!  Seafood tower and beets salad were wonderful, followed by bone in filet and lobster mac n cheese. Can't wait for my next visit to Steak 44!Enjoy, the service is great!
5	In my humble opinion...it's the coolest spot in the Valley.  Everything was double great. Wonderful ambiance.  More than acceptable level of sound.  Food and service perfect.  A nice touch is the ability to order a smaller sized steak.  Been to all of the steak specialty spots and none compare to the evening we had tonight.Take Dominick's and make it a bit more casual...but with the same high quality food and service. I wish I could buy stock in Steak 44...as it will be a huge success.  The meal and evening is worth whatever drive you have to make to get there.LOVED IT.  Can;t wait to return.Thanks Oliver!Larry
5	I went to Steak 44 the other evening and everything was amazing. Our server Michael Robertson was incredible. He recommended all of our dishes which were all amazing and wines to pair with our meals. We will definitely be coming here often. It was one of my best dining experiences I've ever had...food and service. I had Michael write down his name for me so I can request him the next time I come in. And I suggest you all request him as well. I loved everything about Steak 44 and would recommend it to anyone.
4	Stunning! This is one of the hottest spots in Scottsdale. Only recommendation is to open up the outside seating for those in the bar at least during Happy Hour. Otherwise, a great experience.
4	Great food and outstanding service.  Save room for the smore cup dessert.  It's worth every indulgent calorie.
4	Hopping Thursday Eve and plenty of attentive servers. High energy and greetings upon arrival distract us from the fun architectural details - to be absorbed on the way out.  High end front door parking, with fake grass and pavers, is very fun and should endure the western sun. Only bad news at initial greeting was that there was no happy hour. They graciously seat us when we realize tables are available in bar area. Again, great interior options in the bar - including automated shades - that intrigue patrons and inspire the design challenged home decorator. Ok, drink & eats! Thanks for a broadly priced wine list. Caution on over pouring the patrons as the wine is to be savored. The appetizer oysters were fun but the blanket of pepper swayed us away from a seafood entree. Steaks were indeed perfect... The Delmonico a bit fatty.  Filet has a crisp burnt finish but beautifully rare interior and flavor. Butter generously used with veggie sides. Horseradish extremely fresh and enjoyed.Truly felt pampered and Steak 44 is striving to be the creme of the Arcadia steak houses. (Enjoy the bar chandelier on the way out plus the wine & knife collection.)
5	Ok so this great new place opens right by us and I was so hoping it would be good. Well it is AWESOME. Amazing food but really the services puts it above all the rest of the ice places. They go way out of their way to make you enjoy.
5	Best steak I've ever had!!!!!Great build out.  Beautifully decorated.Previously, BLT Steakhouse and LG's in Palm Springs were our faves.  We sat towards the back by the kitchen where it might be a little more private and quiet than the front of the restaurant.  Great service. Great drinks...$14 drink that actually gave me a nice buzzzzzzz.  The bread that comes out was fan flippin tastic!!!!!! Be careful not to eat any more than 2 pieces of the bread or u will ruin your dinner!!!I went with 8oz filet med well and it was so perfect and tender.  All sides were yummy.  Asparagus fries were a nice surprise.  Mmmmmmm.We will be back soon!
3	It was decent. I came here expecting great but the service was a bit off and the food just above average. You can definitely tell they use lower grade steaks than the original Mastro's. Kind of like Dominick's. Good but something missing. Not gonna displace City Hall for me..
5	Actual rating is 4.5 stars, which is very impressive for a restaurant that has been open just one week.One thing to appreciate about the Mastros team is that they know what they do well and do not greatly depart from it. They really have the steakhouse formula down to a science and so Steak 44 is just the logical extension of what they have historically excelled at. The core of the menu is expertly cooked steaks and seafood, ala carte traditional sides (with some twists), raw bar, cocktails and good selection of wine.I had heard that Steak 44 was intended to be a more casual and less expensive concept than some previous ventures. It doesn't seem to me that it is really less expensive, but it is a bit more casual. The interior of the place is drop dead amazing. It one of the best look restaurants in the state and is sort of compartmentalized, which helps with noise and privacy while still keeping you in the action. Our favorite "compartments" are the booths that have a glass wall shared by the kitchen. That is a very risky thing for a restaurant to do, but it really lets you be in the furious action of the kitchen, while shielded from noise and heat.As for the menu, the Mastro folks have decide to offer some smaller choices, which has been a "complaint" at other venues (all you really need to do is split things, though). There are smaller steaks and larger steaks. The salads, sides and desserts are now individual size versus shareable, which allows for a lighter meal or the ability to try more items.The great: deep fried deviled eggs, raw bar, perfectly cooked steaks, halibut, brussel sprouts, tempura asparagus, cocktails, sorbets. The halibut was probably the tastiest and most skillfully cooked halibut i've had in a long time.Could use work: the bread course (bread balls browned in a cast iron skillet with herbed butter) - messy and not that good, steakhouse stuffing (seems like the same bread balls reformatted) - unexciting and lacking in texture.The service was excellent, balancing cordiality with professionalism, which is a tough balance to hit. Our waiter, AJ, was very knowledgeable and paced the meal appropriately.I am very impressed with this new undertaking by the Mastros team, particularly with how well executed it is right from the start.
2	Huge disappointment.  There were some nice aspects. First impression was great to myself and my best friend. She loved the ambiance as I did. The wine list was really good and they past Veuve Champagne around for everyone for a toast at 6pm. Great impression. My husband did not necessarily have the Same opinionWe were seated and anxiously wanting to try many items. Veal meatball appetizer sounded fabulous. We ordered one for 3.  Shares a filet.  Ordered Rack of Lamb.  Lobster mashed potatoes.  Chopped salad.  Stone crabs and  butter cake for dessert Meatballs were dry and marginal at best. Lobster mashed potatoes were surprisingly marginal as well.  Surprised something like this wouldn't be fabulous. Large lumps of lobster however. Stone crabs appeared to be the best item ordered.  Rack of Lamb was good. Spiced well.  No sauce on side or even a drizzle of mint   That would have been nice. Chopped salad was enjoyed but to me very boring. My husband enjoyed it   Nothing to speak about. Butter cake is loved by people eating in general but not this one. Sadly it was dry. But good flavor. I almost gave a 3 atar but a 2.5 at bestPart of disappointment was hype of new restaurant. Overall hard pressed to believe it could compete in this market. Bar was a good selection. They may survive on that alone. But can't be for long. Sad and disappointed. Thought it might be my new favorite.
4	I was the #1 Cork and Cleaver fan so I was pissed for over a year and not thrilled. However we went last week and maybe they had all the bell's and whistles out cause the opening but this is Mastro's best yet.  Food was awesome, great staff, I'd give it an easy 4.5/5.0. #UTRIP
4	This newly opened eatery is destined to be a big hit. Lots of beautiful people and a great bar scene! If you are single, go there and you will probably meet a new friend to dine with. We were visiting from LA and went with our cousins. Had a nice table adjacent to the kitchen windows which are highly visible throughout the establishment. We ordered a plethora of great appetizers follow by great entrees and wonderful side dishes. We split a rich and hilarious slice of butter cake for dessert. Everything was up to our high standards except our wait for the entrees was slow. A really fun time and will go back next time we are in town.
5	Made reservations for birthday dinner for a Friday night. The restaurant was very busy.First time to this restaurant since it was cork and cleaver. A few changes and updated decor for steak 44 compared to cork and cleaver. I liked the entrance where it had many of the cleaver menus from the previous restaurant hung on the wall.The first noticeable thing as we sat down at a table was the loud talking from the restaurants where you could barely hear the other person sitting across the table. Almost to the point where it was becoming annoying that the people were so loud.The fresh bread that started the meal was hot and fresh and delicious. Ordered the bone in ribeye, loaded baked potatoes and asparagus. The ribeye came out sizzling and stay that way for at least 10 minutes into the meal. The baked potato came with two potatoes in the order and was fully loaded like it said it would be. The ribeye was perfectly prepared juicy and tender. One of the better rib eye steaks that I've had in quite some time.A few very nice touches in detail at the restaurant were that they used crumb blade to clean off the table many times and after the meal brought hot warm towels to clean your hands.Since we were there celebrating my birthday they comped a dessert which we chose the red velvet bread pudding. This was exceptional and would recommend  this dessert.Overall I would rank this restaurant in the new hot business category. Highly recommend this restaurant if you have not been there food service atmosphere and overall customer satisfaction is at it's highest.
4	My husband and I waited and waited for Cork & Cleaver to re-open but were pleasantly surprised to hear that Steak 44 (of Mastro's fame) was opening there. We decided to go for my birthday last night. We were seated at a two-top table right at the corner between two rooms. Our server and the busboys were all very nice however it was very difficult for us to hear anything they were saying because of the noise level. Our server was describing some of the various items on the menu and I only heard bits and pieces of what he was saying. The entire evening, my husband and I had to keep repeating ourselves because the noise level was so extreme.  We ordered the fried calamari and shrimp as an appetizer because I like calamari and my husband likes shrimp. While there was a very ample portion of calamari, there were only 2 small shrimp in the order. My husband mentioned his disappointment to our server and he did send the manager over who apologized and comped the appetizer. That was very nice of him to do that. By the way, the calamari was delicious - cooked to perfection (not rubbery).I had the filet mignon and my husband has the bone-in ribeye - both were cooked exactly the way we ordered them and were delicious. I also had the Dominick's potatoes and the brussels sprouts. The potatoes were good but not really special but the brussels sprouts were wonderful. We had the red velvet bread pudding for dessert. It was good but perhaps a little too sweet.All in all, I thought the food and the service was great. I could not, however, give it 5 stars due to the noisiness of the restaurant - I left there with a headache. I would highly recommend the restaurant for its food and service, however, I would not recommend going there for a quiet or romantic dining experience.
5	Fabulous service, food, wine and atmosphere! Staff was superb and great vibe all around. I had the halibut and it was out if this world! Definitely one of my newest favorites!
3	Not impressed at all.Nice place, nice decoration but the food is just meh.The wedge salad was good, the spinach was OK but the pork belly was't that great.The prices aren't that bad, so I would say the place is a 3.5 but when it comes to round up I'll go to 3 with this place.Cheers.
5	Amazing!  We dined here Friday night with friends and all expectations were exceeded. Interesting apps (loved the fried deviled eggs), fresh salad of heirloom tomatoes, and a perfectly cooked filet. And the strawberry butter cake was considered best dessert ever by all at table.  Cheers to the wine list..all price points possible. We were seated in a back room after going through the kitchen. It was nice and quiet and far removed from the more boisterous bar and other dining area. Just make sure you let them know the vibe you seek.
5	The steak was fabulous! I also recommend the beat salad (I prefer with no goat cheese), brussel sprouts and mushrooms! Watch out for the Parmesan bread- it's makes your mouth water! Also, if you are into dessert then our group loved the mini s'more and it's great for sharing!
5	Yum!!!  Ask for Gabby!!  Excellent!!! All the way around!!!  The Chablis, by William Fevre is delicious!!!
5	Steakhouse are challenged to come up with a way to set themselves apart. Steak 44 did it by simply serving the best meal, backed by excellent service. My wife and ordered an appetizer, 3 entrees, and 4 sides. No need to list them. All excellent.We were next to a raucous table, which didn't bother us, but the manager offered to move us. Nope. We were fine with it. But we did request they dim the light, and they did, immediately.It's our new Go To restaurant.
5	Great steak cuts, perfectly prepared, nice hot plate. Sides were awesome and service very good! We will go back.
5	The food was excellent.  The mac and cheese with lobster, the lobster was plentiful and big chunks.  The New York was juicy and the Sea Bass was divine.  The Ginger Peach drink was refreshing :)  Travis, our server, was very personable.  Definitely recommend and will go back.
5	I drove in from Ca last night and stopped here for a drink and some late night bar snacks.They make a mean Martini! Don't order a second one or you'll be walking on your lips for the rest of the night.I had some shrimp and a wedge salad, both of which were excellent. However, it was the bar staff that made the visit so enjoyable. All the bar staff were very attentive, friendly and made time for brief conversations with the guests.I'll be going back next time I'm in town.
1	What a disappointment! I loved Cork & Cleaver and was looking forward to the opening of Steak 44. I took my son, daughter-in-law and two granddaughters with me for a celebration. I mentioned several times to the staff that it was their 15th wedding anniversary, but none of them said or did anything to make our visit a special occasion. I couldn't believe that at such a nice restaurant the kids' drinks were served in styrofoam cups! I was still looking forward to my steak only to find out that it was cheap, grain-fed steak, not pastured, grass-fed! Our steaks were served on plates so hot that they were sizzling and were overcooked in no time. Both were black on both sides. My son had to send his steak back initially, as his medium looked just like my medium-rare, and when it came back to him it was black, though it was cooked to medium. He couldn't eat a quarter of it because it was too hard to chew.The Brussels sprouts and rolls were like rocks. The desserts were nothing special, and the kids didn't even want to finish them. The one bright spot was the attitudes of the staff. They were lovely and proud to work there.I will never return to Steak 44 again.
5	Met with some friends for dinner last night to check this place out. Even for a Thursday night it was crowded and lively. They did quite a job renovating the spot. Gorgeous inside. Also quite a bit Bigger than it looks.Let's talk food.Appetizers: shrimp. Spicy, crunch, delicious. The meatballs were tasty and better than expected. Fried calamari was pretty standard, nothing exciting.Also split a small ceaser salad which had a poached egg on top. Nice little touch.Entree: I happened to be starving when we ordered so I went with the 22oz bone-in ribeye. It's came out cooked perfectly. They use some sort of house seasoning with garlic and cayenne I think. It really brought the steak to a better level. I am salt addict and I really didn't have to add anything to it. One of the better steaks I have had in a while.Sides: the creamed spinach, mashed potatoes, Brussel sprouts were all pretty standard and yummy. The Mac and cheese was exceptional.Desert: the only part of the meal that I was not impressed with. I shared the strawberry butter cake which is mandatory when visiting a Mastro's restaurant. They flavor was there but the cake was dry and overcooked. Not to say that it didn't disappear quickly but it was not the typical butter cake I have come to crave from Mastro's.Overall, service was great, food was awesome, steak was epic, and I need to go to the gym. Welcome to Phoenix steak44.
5	Is there a meal you have had that you will never forget?  You will never forget this place.  The food is amazing.  You really could cut your steak with a fork.  It is that tender and delicious.  Forget the steak sauce.  You will enjoy the flavor of the steak just as is.  It comes out on a 400 degree plate.  The sides,  Absolutely wonderful.  They put a little twist on each one and 1 side is more than plenty to share.  But get two,  it is impossible to pick just one.  The service,  unbelievable.  The best ever.  We were a large group of 20.  They put us in a room of our own.  We had 5 waiters/servers who were very attentive,  friendly, fun and I know it is a big job when you ask to have separate checks for everyone, but the waiter did and there was not one mistake on anyone's check.   Some of us finished with a dessert.  The red velvet bread pudding was lush.  It wasn't too sweet and even though I was full, I still had to have another bite.  If you are looking for a great steak, you must absolutely try this place.  You will not be disappointed.
2	I went here with a group for a birthday. The hostess where very polite and helpful. The food was nothing to get excited over. I had the Halibut which came out very dry and bland. For sides we shared the crispy asparagus, sweet potatoes and brussel sprouts. I could not even eat the brussel sprouts, they were completely over done, greasy, and overly salted. The crispy asparagus was okay, but the sauce was horrible. The menu listed it as a spicy aioli. Unfortunately it was just mayo and ketchup. The sweet potatoes were another mess. Overly sweet mush. I probably would not eat here again. The ambience is nice and the bar seemed to be pretty happening.
3	I personally like Mastro's steakhouse for the price vs this place. However there are very similar contrasts. Got a 8 oz cut steak that really looked like a 6 oz cut Its alot smaller dinning room that mastro's however nicely remodelFor a first time experince it was ok again the price for the cut of meat was about 30 almost 40 or so dollars if I want to pay that price I think Ill end up at mastro's but since vegas has nice steak places and no longer there expcept on visits then yea. Will give it another chance, The quality of food gets 5 stars however portion size makes it 3 stars.. and bye judging bye some photos it looks smaller side stuff
5	Awesome place! Spacious! Generally filled with people of the upper class (me excluded). If it's date night, get a table ...away from the bar. When the bar area gets full, there's standing room only. I cannot seem to understand the people who are complaining about the noise level when they are sitting in the BAR AREA! If you want peace and quiet, make a reservation and sit your arse in one of the dining rooms! This place goes the extra mile to make sure patrons are catered to properly. All staff that I encountered were friendly and adorned with smiles. Gabby and Daniel made a point to introduce themselves to me. The food that I've ordered have always been presented to my liken.  Nice, unusual bathroom setup.
5	My family had frequented the cork and cleaver and were so so sad when it burned down. We waited and waited for what new place would be resurrected... Well Steak 44 did not disappoint. We had a fantastic experience. The decor was modern and stylish , the food was absolutely amazing. From the warm bread, to the flavorful shrimp appetizer, and the Mac n cheese, creamed spinach and the del monte steak that we all shared was so delicious. The service from ever single person we encountered was above and beyond and so kind. We just sat in the bar!!! Amazing experience. Can't wait to go back! Next time I visit My hometown AZ from SD.
5	I have been waiting to try since it opened and I was so not disappointed.  The bar was busy for drinks before dinner but bartender never let us go unnoticed behind the others. The drinks were great pours and atmosphere was wonderful.      Once seating we were taken care of like we were the only ones there!  Matt our server was Outstanding !! He was nice, funny, and just wonderful service.   I work in the customer service industry so this is very important and he hit all high marks!  Keep up the great work. I can't wait to go back!
5	My wife is a recently recovered vegetarian and has been delving into the world of steaks.It was her birthday so I made us reservations here. I mentioned it was her birthday in the reservation notes section of their online system.We arrived about ten minutes late, yet were seated immediately. The place is nicely decorated and has a modernistic style to it. We were sat by a window, and it was a nice table. We were seated at approximately 6:10pm and the restaurant was busy, but not overcrowded. The noise level was faint, and it was easy to have a quiet conversation. This was refreshing since most places seem to be noisy these days.Our waiter (which I regret not getting his name so that I could mention it here) was very friendly, and joked around with us. He was personable and fun. There were also several "floaters" refilling water, taking plates, etc. Everything service was handled efficiently and politely.We both ordered Petite Filets. We shared the Mashed Potatoes and Mac and Cheese. The food was excellent, and delivered quickly. Both steaks were prepared properly and quite flavorful. The mashed potatoes were excellent, as was the Mac and Cheese. The serving size was more than we could eat. Overall the food was excellent, and compared to other places I have had similar, the pricing was right on-par.We were going to order dessert, however the waiter brought out their signature dessert with "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate on the plate. That was unexpected and quite pleasant. The dessert was Strawberry/Vanilla ice cream on their Butter Cake. It was excellent. I would have gladly paid for it, but they served it free of charge for the occasion.We both had ice teas, and the total bill excluding tip was ~$107 dollars. I felt this was right in line with the quality of service, food, and experience. We will definitely return, and were quite pleased with Steak 44.
4	Absolutely delicious! Our waiter Ryan was amazing and the food was to die for.My favorite was the colossal shrimp! My eyes are still watering from the horseradish! If you are visiting or live in Phoenix you must try this place!
3	Amazing service. The service alone make its worth coming for. The fried devil eggs were amazing as well. The steak was great however the person who decided to add a pound of salt to the outside for seasoning clearly made a big boo boo. I only could finish half my steak because it was so salty, and it wasn't just mine every persons steak at the table was the same. We also had the oysters. I would recommend a pass on these. We had a few on here that were on the border of turning and I wouldn't call them fresh in any sort. I would recommend they switch their distributor.
5	Let me just start by saying that Matt, our server was phenomenal.  Make sure to ask for him when you eat here.  He is smart, funny and professional.  I always take note of the top notch servers wherever I dine and he definitely fits in that category.  There is no doubt that he made our anniversary celebration very special.  The appetizers here are to die for and can we talk about the dessert menu?! Completely amazing!  Best dessert I have every had in my life.  The steak is grilled to perfection.  In fact, Matt made sure that our steak was exactly the way we liked it.  I give this place 5 stars, hands down!
4	Love this new place. Great lively atmosphere! We started off with the amazing fresh baked bread they bring out, and then had a crab & avocado stack which was really fresh and delicious. Shared the NY strip which was good.. Just not my favorite cut of meat. We had the baked potato side which was amazing!!! Overall great experience, will be back!
4	Loved the atmosphere, awesome staff, but honestly, my food was just okay.  Potatoes and salads were ok, not off the charts.  Shared the bone in rib eye and it was okay, not off the charts.  My husband felt the same way.  Brussel sprout and mushrooms sides, awesome.  My son's shared the crab cakes and said they were awesome as were the cesar and chopped salads. I liked this place, was just mildly disappointed in some of the food.
4	Husband and I came here for a date night.  It was a Friday night at about 8:30 and there was still a 45 min wait for a table. We ended up being sat right away in the bar area which was fine with us.  The service was great.  Our server was polite and attentive.  Drinks and food came out as expected.  The food was excellent!  Hubby had a steak and potatoes, I ordered a salad and a side.  Everything was very well prepared.  The crowd on the other hand was... interesting... a lot of older men wearing bedazzled jeans and button downs and a ton of cougars.  I don't know if this is a regular occurrence, or just happened to be this night.  But the people watching was on point.  Seems like a lot of the Scottsdale Quarter/Kierland regulars decided to take a trek down south to Arcadia to have a night out.  Nothing wrong with that- just something we noticed straight away.  Even had a group of men with what appeared to be their "hired dates" for the night.  Luckily the food at this place is enough to keep me coming back, but the whole thing was rather comical.
5	The atmosphere was pleasant. The service amazing.  The Filet was 5 stars and the ribeye was 4 stars. The price was reasonable. And oh was it clean. Definitely a 5 star experience.
5	Exactly what I hope for when my wife and I want a nice night.  Super service, great menu, terrific atmosphere, not much else to ask for. The staff was really friendly and really seemed to know their menu. It was a little late, so we skipped the apps. We shared the crab cakes and the bone in ribeye with the lobster mashed potatoes and Mac n cheese sides.  Everything was excellent. Steak cooked perfect, crab cakes more crab than filler, and the sides were soooo good. We skipped the desert also and I regret it now that I have read a few other reviews. They were mentioned in pretty much everyone. Just wish we had one back home.
5	Top notch all around.  Great atmosphere, great service, great food.  The service and food is almost the same as you would find at Mastro's; just in a more casual atmosphere.  The price is almost the same though.  My only complaint is that the sides are too small.  I hope to return soon.
5	As good as it gets!  If we could rate over 5 stars, we would.  Excellent food, impeccable service...just an incredible dining experience all the way around.  Our waiter, Rob, was informative, diligent and on top of every aspect of our dinner.Steak 44 vaults to the top of our list of top restaurants anywhere...and we've been to some of the nation's finest.
3	Imagine a smaller city hall steak house. Food is pretty much the same. Although the plate is much hotter. I was not offered a hot towel after oyster which is bad. I saw people came in with shorts and sandals, no dress code enforced. If I have to choose, I have to say city hall wins.
5	We have so many great steak houses in Phoenix Metropolitan,  that I always judged by what I considered the Best Steak I ever had,  but that was in Montreal. That is until I ate at Steak 44.It was the Best Bone in Filet I have ever had and my guest raved about the Ribeye.Now I don't have to go to Montreal to get the Best Steak.
5	Hooked! This hot new spot is not only super chic, sophisticated, and romantic....the food is phenomenal! I can't get enough! When it first opened... I was there at least once a week. It's that good! Staff is superbly friendly! Gorgeous atmosphere!! Best date spot or girls night out! This is my new go to!! I'm in love!
5	Excellent service, great staff, fantastic food and drinks. A memorable evening and one we hope to repeat soon.
5	Overall GREAT experience at Steak 44. Elegant and romantic atmosphere so it's perfect if your looking for a great restaurant for a date night. The staff was extra friendly, very professional and knowledgeable on the menu and wine selections.After ordering, like most restaurants, they bring out a dish of bread. I probably could've eaten all 4 of these little heaven sent buns to myself!I ordered a filet mignon cooked to medium and served on a extra hot plate to keep the fresh off the grille taste. It was perfect! A side of Dominick's potatoes completed the order and they were amazing. Could not stop picking at them even after being full!I'll definitely be coming back here again for another dinner.... And hopefully soon!
5	Fantastic restaurant experience. The service was immaculate, on top of every detail, and the food was excellent. I had the Delmonico and it was seasoned & cooked perfectly. My group shared the sauteed mushrooms, which went great with the steak. The Chillean Sea bass & huge crab claws (already split) my guests had were the best they said they've had. Great food & service. They even called the next day to make sure I had a great experience.If I had to say anything critical, the tables were very close together along the boothed wall tables & took some serious manipulation to squeeze in & out of.
4	I like this place. The Hess Chardonnay on Happy Hour is a good price/intersects quality price. And love the Dungeness Crab cocktail. Parking, however, is crazy. Everyone in the back parking lot double parks. ... Purposely? Is this a Scottsdale/Biltmore thing?
3	Deceivingly larger restaurant than it appears from the outside. We weaved around through a maze of tables and booths to our room in the back. I had the 22 oz Rib eye which was OK, but not a melt-in-your-mouth steak that I would have expected from a $47 Rib eye. My wife had the Sea bass which was excellent and a nice portion. We enjoyed, Cream corn brulee (wonderful), Sweet potatoes, and roasted Brussel sprouts (tough and a bit under cooked) for our sides.It was our anniversary so we had the Strawberry butter cake and the biggest cup of cappuccino  I have ever seen!Staff and waiter were excellent and the atmosphere was great. Our total bill with a bottle of wine, oysters, dinner and dessert was over $270, which in my opinion makes it a higher end Steakhouse but wouldn't make my top 5 I'm afraid.
1	So, it was my Mom's 91st B-day last nite. We, as EXTREMELY longtime Arcadia residents, 4 generations worth, finally decided to try Steak 44, expecting Mastro-like quality and service. I asked for a quiet table in the back given the large span of ages, 5 - 91, so of course they placed us right off the bar, in the ridiculously fly-ridden nwc table. Still hoping for the best we started celebrating. Our family includes a number of serious foodies including 3 chefs, one of Manhattan ilk. All at the table are well versed in fine dining. However, I actually felt dispised by our server. He succeeded in offending every single adult at the table save my elderly parents who couldn't hear him and were completely ignored throughout. Although it was my dear ol' Dad that forked over the $650 at the end without a word after our server totally ruined his wife of 57 year's birthday. We got 6 filets of various sizes/bone inclusion and one rib-eye. Everyone was disappointed in the filets. Good quality meet prepared with no flavor. The sides were insanely small. Not only that, the server felt running around giving us each a teaspoon of potatoes and one asparagus spear was better than simply addressing the mistake honestly and bringing out more (or advising us properly ahead of time). He said sides typically serve 1 - 4. Really? How's that work? He literally even fought me on the complexities of bringing me a fresh glass of ice water!  Drinks were pouring at the other end of the table but he became indignant when he realized one of our guests knew more about wine than he and began arguing vs. simply going and finding out the answer requested. Strawberry cake was overcooked and too sweet. After ordering I asked him how long until the first course arrived to ensure we had enough time for my Mom to quickly open her gifts, take pics. He assured me we had 10 minutes to do so and then dropped the salads within 5, no comment, ruining the event. Got the best bone-in filet of my life at Mastro's north. Why not here? Maybe the manager carelessly barging in and out of our meal, while clearly not reading the situation right at all, coupled with the bowl of dilapidated Jolly Rancher candies proffered up on the way out (purchased from the local dollar store) kinda re-cap the overall mind-set here. They called me today to ask how our experience was. When I shared same including the fact none of us ever plan on returning she thanked me and did nothing to give me any feeling at all they valued our business.
3	Depends what you're looking for.  Atmosphere? - yes!   Service - outstanding!   Nice wine list.  I just didn't think the food rated the high prices.  In my opinion it was over salted and one of our steaks was over-charred.  Salads were average and I do like my salad.  Heavy on the potato selections, and the other veggies were slightly over done.
5	Simply AMAZING!! I live in Scottsdale and have not been here since it was "Cork N' Cleaver" I've been to all the "better" steak restaurants in Scottsdale and Steak 44 is by far the BEST!! Everyone and I mean everyone from the valets, to the hostess, to the waitstaff and servers are THE BEST!! From the appetizers to the main course to the deserts was spectacular!! I would DEFINITELY come here and HIGHLY RECOMMEND whoever is reading my review come here!! I will be back many many more times!! Thank you Steak 44 for showing all of Phoenix HOW a TOP NOTCH restaurant is supposed to be!
5	The 18 ounce Bone In Filet in phenomenal!  Service was great. Make sure you get reservations, as this place definitely gets busy. For desert, the Red Velvet Bread Pudding..............................
5	Great new restaurant and we had an amazing experience! Did and service is one of the best I've been to. Our server Shawn was very knowledgeable on the food and wine menu, recommending the best. The atmosphere can be either romantic and elegant, or fun and relaxed in different sections. I would highly recommend this restaurant!
5	Steak 44 is fantastic. We have been to Michael Dominick's and heard they started this gem in the city. Steaks are done perfectly. Order your steak a little under and cook it on the hot plate. It will be hot and delicious to the last bite. I had the tomato/blue cheese/bacon jam salad and it was divine. Ask for one of the glass booths near the kitchen. Its fun to watch the staff while you dine. Steak 44 is as good as any steakhouse in Arizona.
5	The is the best steakhouse I have been to in awhile. The service is fantastic, Food unbelievable (even that great bread), and prices were great. We will be back soon.
4	Our waitress was really nice. Helpful with my wife's allergies issues. We both has steaks and they didn't disappoint. Hot plates and delicious sides. Table next to us sent back the scallops twice, but in all fairness, she seemed hard to please. We felt sorry for her date.Only downfall was that the seating in the area I was at was pretty tight and overcrowded.
2	If you're looking for a Mastros in the heart of Arcadia, Steak 44 isn't it. Although it's owned by Mastros, it's not the same experience as the original Mastros. The food was just ok and the choices were limited. Disappointed the pretzel bread - a Mastros classic - was not served. Lack of entertainment in the bar was another disappointment. Our waitress, Marina, was very attentive and helpful. Unfortunately, mid-way into our meal she announced she was being sent home as it was slow. The waitress who took over wasn't very personable, didn't offer a dessert menu (we had to ask) and we had to flag her down to get her to take our credit card. My husband and I left underwhelmed. Definitely worth the drive to the original Mastros or Dominick's Steakhouse (another Mastros owned restaurant).
5	(Lyrics - Chuck Berry - Route 66)Well if you ever plan to eat some steakJust take Bo Bites way that's the smart way that's the bestGet your grub on Steak 44Well they wine from 44th St. to ScottsdaleMore than 145 degrees all the wayGet your grub on Steak 44One of the better steak places in town in my books.  Formally a Mastros, Steak 44 brings it home with a punch to your palates.  Their operations is quite impressive and the care and craft they have in the back kitchen; as Mr. O gave us a tour, was on spot to explain why this is a hot new dining experience.  Our tabled ordered a bunch of stuff starting with some truffle fries, cream corn, meatballs, and creamed spinach.  We all ordered our own steak, but I went with the bone-in filet.  My steak in general was perfectly cooked, nice charred on the outside and medium cooked in the middle that still steamed with every cut!  The plate is super heated thus keeping the steak warm all through your dinner.  The sides that came along with our meal was phenomenal!  Can't go wrong with truffle fries that came in a glass fries container shaped like a McDonalds case!  The cream corn was how it was supposed to be -- creamy and sweet!  Another highlight of the night was the meatballs - crusty on the outside, while you dip it in marinara and taking a bite release an aromatic burst of the herbs used.  Service was spot on.  I gather coming to a place like this you would expect that and it was met.  The ambiance was classy perfect for date.  Definitely, laid out like a steak house and one visited for at least one experience! - Enjoy!
5	Fantastic food and experience. We shared the meatloaf (amazing), lobster mac (to die for), beet salad (good, not great), loaded baked potato (cooked perfect) and brussel sprouts (made with bacon, need I say more?). The meatloaf came out room temperature but the waitress was beyond apologetic and brought a new hot plate. It was worth sending back because it was outstanding!!! And, we booked on Open Table so they called the next day to ask how our experience was! Super impressed. Will be back!
3	Delafino (I ordered medium rare) came out almost blue rare, but was still very good, despite the top 1/3 having much gristle--not fat, chevy, sinew-y gristle. The rub was VERY salt-heavy. It was a good steak, but not a fifty-dollar one. Maybe I just got a bad one. Others at the table felt theirs were worth the money. Service was some of the slowest I've seen. Just negligent. Server would come back with one beer. Then leave. Then come back and say, "I'll give you some more time to look over the menu--all this after we'd been at the table for an hour, and that after having been seated 25 minutes after our reservation time. Water and fresh rolls were checked and filled by someone else--he was excellent. Overall we were there three hours. No wonder it's hard to get a table here sometimes. Sides were good. Broccoli was just broccoli, but good. Mac and cheese was fantastic. Veal meatballs appetizer was very good, too...and actually pretty filling. Order it to share! Anyway. Pretty good food, but absolutely not worth the high-ish prices, based of off what I experienced. Overall okay experience, but probably won't return.
5	We've known about Steak 44 since they opened in April, however, had never been there.  We've sort of written off expensive steak houses in the Valley because we make better meats and fish on our infra-red grill at home than can be found at most steak houses.  The last time we ate at one of such referenced places (I will keep the name nameless) I sent my $50 salmon back two or three times (I RARELY send food back to the kitchen, but at $50 it was going to be edible) and ended up not eating that night, as by the time all was said and done our entire group had already finished their meals.  Because it was my husband's birthday, and the menu looked good and reasonably priced, we decided to break our grudge towards over-priced steak houses and give Steak 44 a try.  Wow!!!  What a pleasant surprise!  The menu had so much to pick from, it was hard to decide what to order.  The food was outstanding (wait till you try their bread!), as was the ambiance and the entire staff.  Our server was a lovely young woman named Ibki (I apologize if I have the name misspelled) who was not only professional, attentive, genuinely friendly, but was also extremely knowledgable about the entire menu and wine list-- she hit it out of the ballpark with her red wine suggestion!  We will definitely return to Steak 44, though our lack of desire to go back to other upscale steak houses remains.  Treat yourself and give Steak 44 a try, you'll be hooked.  BTW... they also offer a tremendous Happy Hour in a beautiful surrounding.
3	Service was great, seating a little crowded.Table had bone-in filet, petite filet, lobster mashed potatoes, Mac and cheese.All were good but the steaks were over-salted. Butter cake was dry  but John brought us out a red velvet dessert that was great.
5	If I could give it more stars I would. I come here often for their amazing happy hour with my boyfriend, the food is amazing and the drink prices are very reasonable for the location and atmosphere! Tonight was exceptionally sweet. After a situation with the valet, the manager brought 11 glasses of champagne for our entire table  to apologize. Totally unexpected and great birthday surprise to our birthday girl.I would not only recommend this place, but would continue to be a regular! :)
5	Oh Em Gee this place was awesome-sauce!!! I was told about this place from a friend of mine, and finally got around to going here for dinner on October 17th. And I was given the tip to make a reservation prior to going as it gets busy on the weekends, and I'm sure glad I did!!! Even with a reservation, my boyfriend and I had to wait for 15-mins or so for our table, which wasn't a big deal -- we just ended up going to the bar and grabbing a drink. (My boyfriend got a Moscow Mule and I got a peachy something -- both were yummy!)The atmosphere and ambiance at Steak 44 was great -- people were mingling, talking, laughing, etc. and everyone there seemed to be having a great time! The hostess finally came to get us and show us to our table, which was outside, and was so cute and romantic. It was the perfect temperature outside, and we really enjoyed it (except for the 10-top table that was next to ours which congregated at the end of their table, where our table was, and decided to scream-talk with each other so my boyfriend and I could barely hear each other across the table... we were going to start texting each other so we could communicate, and laughed about it... and then scream-talked to each other to the point of losing our voices, but it was fun times!!) First we ordered a glass of wine, and then that sizzling, bubbling, yummy, melt-in-your-mouth, oogey gooey bread in a cast iron skillet came out. Ah-may-zing!!! Let me tell you, this bread was absolutely the best bread I've ever had; we literally had to ask our server to take the bread off the table so we wouldn't eat all of it and then not have room for dinner. But wow -- I suggest starving yourself for a few days before you go so you can go crazy and eat ALL the bread you can. (My mouth is watering just remembering that bread as I write this review.)Looking at the menu didn't take us very long to order -- we knew exactly what we wanted: filet mignon! Our server suggested the bone-in filet as he said it was more flavorful; we were sold! As our sides, we got "The Mashed" and sauteed wild mushrooms. The steaks came out absolutely perfect; I've never tasted a steak that was so delicious in my life!!! They were cooked to perfection and so tender that I'm pretty sure I could've cut it with a butterknife. The Mashed were awesome and creamy as well, just the way I like my mashed. The wild mushrooms, however, eeeeh, I wasn't a fan... Sorry Steak 44. Not sure how they were prepared, but it seemed like they were fried or something to where I wasn't even tasting mushrooms necessarily, but just fried oily something. I didn't eat them... and my boyfriend must've had 2-3 bites. Next time we know not to order the mushrooms. And just when we thought we couldn't possibly eat any more, our server brought us out a red velvet bread pudding dessert as our anniversary gift from Steak 44 with "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate -- Thank you :) you are all so sweet!!! (Probably not as sweet as the bread pudding was though; now I LOVE sweets, but it was a little much for me when we got about half-way through.) Overall, it was such a wonderful evening. Everything... the drinks, ambiance, wine, food... were spot on! I think I may have found my new favorite steakhouse, too! I will be back soon -- Can't wait!!!
4	This place is definitely one of my new Happy Hour and formal dinner favorites:) The atmosphere is very upscale and sophisticated. It's crowded during happy hour every Friday night, which is when I typically visit. I love the wine list and drink list. The dinner menu is fabulous. All of the wait staff has been wonderful every time I have visited. We typically do not make reservations when we come but I would recommend making them if you have a party more than two. I would highly recommend this place for an upscale Happy Hour or for a special occasion.
5	Outstanding food and serviced and priced right for upscale
3	We had the calamari which came with a red sauce that tasted like the best ketchup I've ever had.  The squid was slightly overcooked though.  The salad was very yellow and wilted which was very disappointing.  I guess it passed inspection somehow?  The steak had a bit of cumin(?) on it which was different than the typical salt, butter thing.  The desert was tasty - we had the strawberry pound cake with ice cream on top.
3	I frequented the previous restaurant that occupied this space so I was looking forward to the new venue. beautiful building, excellent service. I ate at the bar and the staff was extremely attentive. I appreciated an experienced bartender than can and is allowed to "free pour" the wine. I had the 12 ounce filet which was priced fairly @ $46.00 prepared very nicely and served on a very hot plate. The bread was exceptional, my only disappointment were the sides. The sauteed mushrooms were bland, soft and no real flavor, the corn was similar , soft, and very bland. I will definitely be back I liked the feel of the place and the sides can be enhanced.
4	I met some of my lovely friends here for happy hour last Friday and low and behold my favorite bartender from the Merc Bar also works at this place! ( Hi Aaron) needless to say I felt extra special because he not only called me out but already knew what I wanted to drink. My friends of course were looking at me like "hmm Ebony do you ned to tell us something?" so I explained how I knew him and of course they were like aha.. The night started off slow but got increasingly busier as the night progressed . Sitting at the bar gives you a birds eye view of everything happening around and believe me there was a lot to see. My friend and I shared a lobster grilled cheese sandwich and some braised pork belly. Sweet baby Jesus both were delicious. The guy sitting next to me ordered a steak and I swear I wanted to ask him for a bite because it looked and smelled amazing. The entire staff was very attentive which was nice considering how busy this place got. All in all, a great new spot to come for happy hour however I do  I look forward to coming to try this place out for dinner sometime soon.
4	Wow - such a great place!  We came in Saturday night for dinner and had a great experience.  The atmosphere is great - love the lighting and decor, the service is so professional and the food was fantastic.  I enjoyed the wedge salad, a delmonico steak, the mashed potatoes and the brussel sprouts.  I only wish I had left room to indulge in a red velvet bread pudding...next time for sure!
3	Steak was above average if you are comparing it to average restaurant. Good ambiance.  Great location.  However all salads (almost all) were weak and not as good as drinkwaters. Deserts were very disappointing. Sides were average. The creamed corn burlee side was the best corn dish I have ever had which raised this a star. I just think there are better high end steakhouses so for the price I have to give 3.5 stars. Service was pretty good. Waiter excellent and manager kind of not helpful when accommodation of a colleague request.
1	Worst experience ever!! We dined at this establishment tonight with another couple. Our first impression was good, it was a very nice restaurant with a great atmosphere. Our appetizers were great. I ordered scallops. The entrees came to the table. I immediately took a bite and the scallops were cold! I informed the first employee who apologized and took the scallops away. I thought they would bring me a new order, hopefully served hot. Unfortunately, the manager brings a plate of scallops to our table, places it in front of me, and instead of apologizing, proceeds to ask me how long I let the original order sit at the table before taking a bite. I was mortified! The worst part was that instead of bringing a new order, they reheated the same scallop entree and gave it back to me!!! If you are looking for a respectable restaurant that values their customers look elsewhere!!!
5	Amazing steak!  Best in the valley for sure. Service was fantastic and seafood tower was crazy.
4	We went to Steak 44 before going to a concert. It was a Wednesday night and the place was jammed. We were seated at a two top by the fireplace near the bar. We ordered the calamari to start. Nice big rings, not greasy. I had the filet which came out on the sizzling hot plate. Delicious. Hubby got the scallops. Also very good. We shared the baked creamed spinach which was really good. The baked potatoes..just ok. Sides are a little smaller than Mastro's but priced accordingly. Our server Matthew was excellent. We will be back!
5	I'm sitting here, the day after eating at Steak 44, still thinking about it. I had the Ribeye Filet. I've had many, many steaks in my life and this was definitely top 5. I've already decided to make reservations for next weekend!
4	Went there for dinner for my sales team. 10 people sitting in the backroom. Food and service were outstanding and amazingly like City Hall LOL. The shrimp appetizer were colossal. They could have had saddles. The only negative feedback is the air conditioning system was blowing directly on our table and was freezing us out. Diffuse reflection would be most effective
5	I took my dad there for his birthday last night-he is a big meat and potatoes kind of guy, and he loves a good steak.  This place did not disappoint! He got the filet-and said it was the best steak he had had, I got the meatloaf-and we all Loved it.  And for dessert we had the Red Velvet bread pudding, and their version of Strawberry Shortcake- we couldn't decide which was better.  The staff were all so helpful and available.  Would recommend this for sure.
5	This place was AMAZING! Service was excellent and desert-red velvet pudding  was phenomenal. Highly recommended!
3	I'm from Chicago so maybe I set my expectations too high.  They have an expansive wine list which was nice, I had the 22oz bone in Ribeye....it came out sizzling on the plate but was overcooked, I expected the steak to melt in my mouth needless to say I was disappointed.  When I pay fifty dollars for a steak I expect it too be excellent.....just sayn.
4	very good steaks but too pricey for what it is
4	First, let me start off by saying "I love Steak 44!". I love it so much that I had my wedding here (which if you are looking for a place to hold your wedding, look no further!). However, this was lunch. And it was delicious. I had the spicy lobster cobb, not too spicy. Lobster was fresh and our service was amazing. This place is first-class all around. Two words - Dine here.
4	The steak was absolutely amazing, as were the sides. The service was also impeccable. Definitely a pricey place, but worth it for a special occasion.
5	It's fancy.  From the valet parking to the service and food.  Two cute ladies greet us at the door and some how they knew my name.  Off to a great start.  We had reservations so we were seated right away.   We ordered fancy wine, cocktails and huge appetizers. The size the shrimp made a statement and everybody fought for them.  We had east and west coast oysters which I think is fancy! For dinner most of us selected the bone in rib eye or filet.  The bone in rib eye won.  Delish!  Warm bread butter for dessert.  Shut your mouth good.Service was spot on.  All I can  say is fancy and worth it!
