5	Incredible architecture. Excellent service (Thanks to Brennan, Hein, Derrik, and all of the other amazing staff). Drinks are super yummy...many based on Hanger One vodkas' which are my favorite vodkas in the world!  Do mot miss "the lime in the coconut' one of the best drinks ever...A MUST Vegas experience!
5	I totally agree with Ken.  I didn't really think I could be impressed by a casino anymore, but WOW!  The Chandelier proved me wrong.  Such a cool spot to have drinks.  Even on opening weekend, my friends and I managed to grab a table at 10:30.  Don't get me wrong.  It was crazy crowded, but the lounge has 3 levels.  One level is bound to have a table.  Decorated very nicely.  Even though they were understaffed, the service was still above-par.  The added bonus:  the drinks were actually really reasonable.  $5 for beers, $11 for top-shelf.  Not bad!  Will definitely go here again.
3	The bartenders need to get it together here - slow and confused. Drinks weren't AS expensive as I would have guessed. And the crowd was diverse, we weren't rushed - good people-watching.
4	One of the coolest experience bars in Vegas. Imagine having drinks inside a massive 4 story crystal chandelier---it really is that neat and worth a visit. There are a dozen or so bars within the Chandelier (a few on each level), each with a different menu and offering.There is no queue or fee to enter, and although the Cosmopolitan was very crowded (it was Christmas weekend), I always found several free couches and tables. It's located in the heart of the casino (and on higher-levels) the restaurant/shopping section of the hotel---makes for great people watching!The staff was very friendly and did not press you to buy drinks.
4	Drinks are amazing and the waitresses are great, the bartenders are second rate at best. The Venue itself is really cool and the different floors offer a variety of neat spots and levels of hype. The was no line and we had no problem finding a table even on the weekend. My only gripe is the bartenders seem to be poorly trained busboys when it comes to customer service and staying on top of things luckily the waitstaff keep everything in check. Also there is not a single TV in the whole place so if you want to watch a game you will have to go to the sports book or another bar in the Cosmo.
4	Love the concept. To be honest, I'm not blown away by The Cosmopolitan, but The Chandelier is an ambitious design idea that is spectacularly well-executed. Imagine sitting inside the world's largest chandelier. OK it's not technically a chandelier, but they sure did a great job of making it look like one! It's a multi-level masterpiece. The only thing that would improve the illusion is if it actually looked like it was suspended from the ceiling in a more open space.As for the drinks, they're obviously going to be on the pricey side. We went for the cheapest glasses of wine they had ($8 each). I was the one who chose it, but honestly not because it was the cheapest. I Googled the wine and one of the descriptions mentioned hints of lychee and other good stuff I cannot currently recall.I highly recommend grabbing a drink here. It's a great spot to chat over some drinks. Dare I say it's almost in the Vegas must-do category.
5	the crystals... they SPARKLE... best cosmo ever !!! there are 3 floors each with a different menu, but totally worth it to try. I had the verbena on the 2nd floor, the cosmo's cosmo on the 3rd and some pear drink on the 1st... each had it's own flavor and was excellent. I have to say, the female servers aren't as nice as the male bartenders. Maybe it was a timing thing, dunno, but I was there on the 2nd and 1st floor after 1am and the service could be better. The very next day I went around 5:30pm to the 3rd floor and the two male bartenders were hot and sweet... what a great combo, right??? go and check this place out... it's beautiful and nothing on the strip compares to it's beauty.
5	The Chandelier Bar is beautiful! I wanted to go to the Comsopolitan to have a drink so my sister and I went and decided to go to the Chandelier Bar after seeing it the day before. I was a bit intimidated to go into the bar area (on the first floor tier) because there was a security guy standing by the entrace by all of the round couch type seating. At first I thought it was a reserved table type area so we asked him and said as long as we were 21 we could go on in! Whew! So we sat at the actual bar and got drinks. They were both $7 which is standard for  Las Vegas hotel bars, cheap in comparison to club prices.The bartenders were nice and I met some nice, interesting people while sitting at the bar. That is one of the best parts about Las Vegas, IMO, is meeting other tourists from different parts of the country. Well actually most people I meet tend to be fellow Californians like me LOL.The next day we went to grab a quick breakfast upstairs at the coffee shop and sat at the Chandelier Bar seats on the very top tier to eat. I like the fact that they it's okay to just sit in the bar seating even if you are not getting a drink. They just let you be.The Cosmopolitan overall is very trendy, sexy and chic and has a lot of nice places to just lounge and have a drink, one of which being the Chandelier Bar, for which I will absolutely return to on my next trip.
4	absolutely beautiful!!! love the place!!! although, i think what brought us to this bar was the uniforms the cocktail servers wear. it isnt much, thats for sure!!!anyway, we finally round out some of the group (although a few were still missing). one of the guys wanted to buy the 1st round (i think it was suppose to be patron and pineapple), but we ended up getting sold on bottle service. $250 for a bottle of grey goose? not bad for cosmopolitan and NYE. we sat down, and service was great! they have this unique ice that you can only get in 3 places in las vegas (i must admit - i was a little intoxicated at the time, and it was super loud so i dont really remember too much about it). all i remember is its filtered, and something about it doesnt water down your drink like regular ice does. once i backup my blackberry i'll have to post a picture i took of the ice in my drink. pretty awesome.anyway, we end up staying for 3 bottles. 3 bottles!!! by the time we got our 3rd bottle, we ran out of mixers and got stuck with the "regular" ice. we closed out our check right before midnight and ran towards the door, only to get stuck there. but we did see the fireworks! and everyone ran back inside to party in the lobby.overall great experience! service was great, music was great. be back again? i dont know...maybe for a drink.
3	We couldn't figure out what this place was with all the beads and then I said it looked like a chandelier, which is what the bar is called. It spans the 3 bottom floors of the cosmopolitan and has this really laid back ambience mixed in with some modern dance club mixes. They should have a dance floor because i think a lot of people wanted to dance. Drinks were kind of expensive, and they were always really busy. The servers dress really showy I guess would be the nice way to put it that I think it's how they get a lot of their business. Lots of dudes in suits, who were willing to shell out money every 10 min for another round of drinks bc they really liked the server in her underwear. It was entertaining to people watch.
5	Spectacular!  I would love to have been a fly on the wall during the design session that produced this masterpiece.More crystals per square foot than anywhere other than a palace Dubai.  My only quip is how they don't offer a bottle of champagne on the drink menu, but that is a small complaint in an overall in an overall wonderful spot to sip, chat, and take in the sights.
5	This place is f'in amazing!  Three, yes three stories of swarovski crystals frost the place.  Plenty of plush seating without the bottle service prices.  You must have a drink here!
4	With so much impressive architecture on the strip, as well as new structures continually being built, it's hard to imagine being blown away by something new.  The Chandelier is ridiculous, though.  I think the Cosmopolitan is a nice addition to the strip, and this bar is the best part of it.I heard two million crystals were used to create this ambitious idea.  It's basically a giant chandelier.  3 floors of bars that are surrounded by the aforementioned crystals.  I boogied up and down the floors, I couldn't really decide which floor was the best, but it was interesting feeling like you were inside a chandelier on the 2nd and 3rd floors.Speaking of the bars, each bar has a different menu, depending on what supplies they have and (i think) what the specialties of the bartender are.  Don't quote me on that last part, but I think that's pretty cool.  The prices were not bad either; specialty cocktails were $10-$15.  I also ordered a Beam and diet and it cost $7, which is almost unheard of for a classy joint on the strip.This is a great place to meetup with someone and have a drink without the craziness of Vegas.  A great place to chill, and don't forget to take pictures.
4	Definitely the best part of the new Cosmopolitan.  The place has a great loungy vibe with many separate areas of different sizes demarcated by loungy armchairs and couches.  The drink selection is fairly decent, with a page of signature cocktails and then some wines and beers.  I got the Sandia Ginger, which comes with a crushed and whole pink peppercorn rim- sort of interesting.  Unfortunately, the drink was altogether too sweet, although it was a good idea.   As for other things I wasn't a fan of, I was feeling sort of sick so asked for a glass of water along with my drink.  This glass of water took 20 minutes and 3 reminders.  As in, the waitress came back and asked us how we were doing, and we'd ask for the water- "Oh, I'm so sorry, I forgot!" and then 10 minutes later she'd check in on us again and "Oh, sorry, I can't believe I forgot that again!"  Men might appreciate the waitstaff uniforms though- a drapy silver low back cowl-front top and (so it seems) optional skin tight black leggings underneath.Overall, I had a good time here, loved the atmosphere and decor, and I'd most definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas.
1	Ok, so the place is unique and kind of fun looking - it feels like you're sitting in the middle of a chandelier - a bit of a tacky one but kinda fun nonetheless.However, the four of us sat down and it took nearly 15 minutes for someone to take our drink order.  Two of us ordered the same specialty drink off their menu, the other two ordered non-alcoholic drinks.  Fifteen minutes later, the waitress came back with nothing explaining they were missing an ingredient for our cocktail.No big deal.  This time we both ordered different cocktails off the specialty menu.  Another 15 minutes, another visit by the waitress - they don't have what they need to make these cocktails either.  She then explains they don't have the ingredients to make any of their specialty drinks.  AND, she still hasn't thought to bring the other two their non-alcoholic beverages.  Finally we ordered a simple drink.  After being there more than 40 minutes we finally received all 4 drinks.Service was lacking and the hyped up bar was missing all of its liquor just 4 days pre-New Years in Vegas!  Not acceptable for $15 per cocktail and $6.00 per soda.
5	I hate casinos.  Even moreso, I hate bars/lounges in casinos.  But I love Chandelier!  Chandelier has redefined the game.  This lounge is absolutely gorgeous, yet manages to not be pretentious and uninviting.   This multi-level bar is the focal point of the Cosmopolitan and is really stunning to look at from the inside and out.  It actually has lots of seating (bonus!). The music and the crowd at the bar were both a pleasant mix.  Neither were too in your face.  The music was actually ambient and allowed for conversation.  There was ample opportunity for people watching (Hi, SnookiFail and Kardashian Kousin!) on your own level and downstairs.  But the real allure of this place is the outstanding mixology program.  They have really raised the bar and are making some of the most innovative and delicious cocktails in town.  I sampled 8 (not all by myself!) of their specialty cocktails (see pictures for details), and every single one was perfection.  And seriously, at $10-14?? That's a deal.  It's a swanky casino lounge in Las Vegas, not a dive bar in a college town.  Don't expect $2 PBR drafts.  What you CAN expect are concoctions like the Violet Femme (a take on the classic Aviation), a lychee gimlet, a mixed berry whiskey sour, a fire breathing dragon (with freeze-dried raspberry - this science and foodie nerd has gotta love a bar that has their own supply of liquid nitrogen), and the sichuan button sour - a drink that includes a little flower bud that when bitten into triggers a tingling response in the tongue that enhances taste sensations.  I would be remiss if I did not mention that Chandelier is Pants Optional.  No, not for customers, silly! But apparently for the cocktail waitresses, including The Hottest Server in the World (TM), who kindly brought us our drinks with smile.  You'd think that a crazy hot girl in little more than an ill-fitting glittery tank top and underwear might be a little snobby, but she was so sweet!  I miss you already, HSitW.  I usually avoid the Strip (especially on a weekend!!), but Chandelier is worth coming back for.
4	The decor is awesome.  I love the feel that you're actually in the chandelier with the crystals draping all around you.  Instead of a megabar that you have to push your way toward and wait for half an hour just to scream what you want at the bartender, they have distributed several little bars around the outside in addition to the central location.  Well planned, Cosmopolitan.  When I was there (and I've only been there once) the music was entertaining and subtle, I am a fan.  Four stars instead of five because this is a club on the strip, so prices are high (although, my vodka tonic was only $7, which for the strip ain't so bad, but other drinks were pricey).  The wait staff largely ignored us (guess we don't look like we have money), but as long as we can actually get to a bar and order our own drinks, it's all good!The next time out of town friends come in this is definitely a stop on my list, it's up there with the Bellagio fountains.
5	Beautiful!!!! 5 bars under one chandlier... drinks are delicious, prices are high, but who cares, it's vegas and you're paying for aesthetics!
2	Yes, I will give you that drinking inside a massive, gorgeous chandelier is novel.  Yes, the Cosmo itself is shiny and new so everyone is going there.EH.  Not in love.The service staff was overhwhelmed...so much so that when I asked for water to finish my night- the server literally handed me a glass with a straw...sans ice and partially filled.  REALLY? I could tell you about my beer but- a beer is a beer.  The clientele ranged from dressed up ready to go to Marquee to "average tourist in crocs" so- there really was no vibe.I think I will wait a few months before attempting to go back because- I really wanted to like it....but I just didn't.
5	I love Christmas, Champagne and Chandeliers. So when we walked into the new Cosmopolitan and straight into the Chandelier bar, I was in heaven and it was Christmas all over again. This place was beautiful and even though it was insanely busy we found a seat and ordered up a $6 drink, soooo not bad at all. Basically 3 stories of fun with some kick ass jams. The DJ was a beautiful brown/dark girl that knew her shit which added to the whole experience. With no cover, great drinks and fun entertainment this is a great place to be.
5	Favorite lounge area in Vegas!  You are able to sit in the middle of a masterpiece.  The drink menu is unique.  I recommend the Verbena drink.  It's comes with a flower called a "buzz button."  I had never heard of it but it was worth the $12!  The staff is friendly and very willing to serve the guests.  I visited this place 3 out of my 4 days in Vegas.  It's just simply breathtaking...
3	This is a pretty cool bar in the Cosmopolitan. It is a pretty big bar with at least two floors of bar. I was there the other night and Vegas as whole was pretty dead but this place still had a huge crowd at about 12:30AM. This seemed like a major cougar bar though and there were a few that had past the cougar stage and moved on to the snow leopard world. I guess everyone is looking for a little love so I can't hate. Overall pretty neat bar and a decent vibe.
4	I like a good lounge and a well made drink, so I did really like the Chandelier. The decor was beautiful and I liked how many different seating arrangements there were for various size groups. A couple or a group of 10 could easily find an appealing cozy spot to hang out for awhile. Drinks prices weren't terrible for the strip ($10-$15 for cocktails, $5-$8ish for beers, etc). My hot mule was well balanced and tasty - an interesting combo of ginger beer and some sort of pear liquor. The staff was good looking and in sexy attire, but our particular waitress was cold, extremely slow, and difficult to flag down. I know this is common on the strip, but I was hoping to find better service at the Cosmopolitan since I had heard so much hype about the great service. Overall I'll be back - it's a nice spot to start or end the evening, and I'm a sucker for a pretty place with tasty drinks!
3	Let me begin with this - you must go at least see this place. You can't miss it. It's gorgeous and stunning (and kind of makes me want to decorate my room like this). Now why is it not anything more than "A-OK"? Well let see...1) expensive cocktails in little glasses2) Hard to find a decent place to sit (even for 2 people!!) by 10-11 pm. My boyfriend and I went up and down all 3 floors looking to find ANY seats - we were finally able to squeeze ourselves in at the bar. The seating arrangements are made of sofas and little ottomans/chairs arranged for groups of 4-6. The problem is when 2-3 people sit in these arrangements, it makes it hard for other people to sit in those other seats without feeling awkward.3) Frat house experience - Maybe it was because it was the day of the patriots/jets game but... omgosh.. I went there thinking it would be a nice lounge, little did I expect to be faced with so much grunting, fist pumping, chest bumping, and hollering. Basically, looks aren't everything. Take a look of course, but dont get your drinks here. Go somewhere like Mix in Mandalay Bay.
4	Stunning!!!This past weekend was our first visit to The Cosmopolitan and our breath was taken away!!!  The Cosmo is HUGE!!!  The one place we knew we had to see was The Chandelier bar.  We found it and bellied up to the bar.  Low and behold...the bartender was one of our favorite Encore bartenders...Heather!!!  While drinking, Heather told us that we were sitting on the bottom level of The Chandelier....there are 3 levels total!!!  This bar is exactly what it sounds like...a bar inside of a GIANT chandelier!!!  I think they told us something like $1.3 billion in Swarovski crystals make up The Chandelier!!!We eventually ventured up the other 2 levels and it only gets prettier and prettier!!!  We didn't have much time to spend at The Chandelier bar this time, but we will definitely be returning!!!
4	I was in town for CES this year and had heard that the Cosmopolitan hotel had just opened in December and was AMAZING, so we had to check it out.  Inside, there is so much contemporary style and design.  The ceilings are lined with ornate lighting; there are shapes and colors and all kinds of really cool items of visual intrigue.  You need to check out this hotel.My wfie and I walked all the way through the casino, starting from the front desk, and when we got to the other side of the hotel we came across...The Chandelier.The Chandelier is a bar, but it's a multi-story bar, but it's a multi-story bar INSIDE of a ginormous crystal chandelier that hangs from ceiling to floor.  Thousands of strands of crystal beads about an inch in diameter flow and curve around the perimeter of this bar.  It is amazing.We went up to the top and took a ton of pictures and then took a seat at an open couch inside the Chandelier on the top floor and ordered a couple drinks while waiting for the rest of our group to arrive.  They eventually came a few minutes later while we continued to wait for our drinks and they went down to the middle floor and ordered drinks at a set of couches that could better accommodate our group size.We waited...and waited some more...then the drinks finally came and we paid and went down to join our friends.  The place was not THAT packed, such that the drinks should have taken THAT long to make.  My wife did order a really cool drink that is like a grasshopper in a wide-bowl glass with Oreo cookies crushed along the rim and a layer of thick white foam on top.  It was really good and an amazing presentation.  I ordered a Foster's because it was the most interesting beer on the list that I saw (note this will be re-visited in a moment).When we arrived down to our friends they were still waiting on their drinks, too.  They waited and waited as well...but at least we had conversation and awesome crystalline items to occupy our attention.  One of my friends made a remark about my beer selection being surprisingly lame (I have become a pretty big beer fan over the last year and don't normally drink something so standard, but my options were Bud, Coors, Sam Adams, New Castle, and such, so I just opted for the Aussie brew).  I asked him what he got and he told me a Stone Arrogant Bastard.  Instantly I was taken about with this much more interesting option that was available to him and not me.  I demanded their drink menu and quickly noticed that it was COMPLETELY different from the one we had received upstairs.A WARNING TO ALL: THERE ARE MULTIPLE DRINK MENUSI could have had a Stone, or a Unibroue Maudite for the same price as the Fosters...I was bummed.  Oh well, I shall not dwell further.Eventually everyone got their drink and we talked and watch the projected images on the wall of hanging beads above us.  A second round was ordered and slowly delivered, then it was time to go.  The check was requested and (what seemed like an hour later) it was provided and we paid and left.  So here is the breakdown...Summary: Awesomely designed bar.  Style in everything.  Amazing Chandelier!  Mixed drinks are very creative, and very well executed.  Great presentation and flavor.  Decent bang for the buck ratio, too (could be a little better).  One of my buddies noted that the servers are wearing very little clothing.  I didn't care, because they were slower than molasses when delivering drinks.  Possibly the bartenders' faults, but I'm just saying the service is not rapid.  Lastly, there are multiple drink menus, so be aware that if your beer list sucks, there is a menu that has much more interesting beers somewhere in the bar (probably on a different level).
5	The Chandelier is my favorite lounge in Las Vegas. It is such a simple concept ..... but the impact packs a creative and fantastic design punch. The Chandelier is a living, breathing architectural wonder created by luminous crystals of light. It has three levels and three different bars. The middle (second story) was my favorite. With every detail carefully considered, this sophisticated cocktail haven offers fine, handcrafted delights for the true experience seeker. If you want a bit of a zip in your drink..... try the "Verbena". It will knock your socks off ..... literally. This is a three-level imbibing and hobnobbing haven encased with 2 million beaded crystals. I'll take that claim at its word; who has the time to count?
4	The Chandelier is a very chill lounge located in the center of the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  This 3 story lounge is inside a huge Chandelier. The Veil of Crystal changes it color every few minutes.  It is something I have NEVER seen before.Prices are reasonable for a Vegas Lounge.  It's a nice place to go to just to hang out.  We came here right before the lines opened at Marquee. I think Cosmopolitan is my new Favorite Hotel in Vegas!
5	Love love LOVE this place!! The new Cosmopolitan Hotel itself is so beautifully designed! It's obvious that this hotel is super new because you don't get that nasty disgusting cigarette smell like other hotels on the strip. The Chandelier is sooo elegant and it feels like you're actually walking inside a huge, gigantic chandelier made with what looks like millions & millions of Swarovski crystals. It ISsss for sure a spot to check out & experience if you're visiting Vegas. It leads up to the Marquee Dayclub & Nightclub as well as an outdoor bar close to the very top floor, similar to Rehab-- best of all, it's free!
5	Have you ever watched Sex in The City and thought that crap never happens! There are no chic places like that, so cool and drinking Martini's and feeling all sexy. I found the place!!!! The Chandelier in The Cosmopolitan Hotel!! The heat just generates as you sit in this lounge in the middle of these strands of crystal beading and lighting. This place was packed and we are talking about 3 floors of sexiness. You should see the servers they were practically naked and I still felt sexy! We sat at the bar and ordered what else but a Cosmopolitan and it was so good and actually priced well too, $10. I was expecting it to be more. We hung out here before we went to Marquee but you know what I wanted to stay here all night and just bask in this feeling, as I looked around everyone was glowing. They too felt it, the sheer coolness from this ultra cool lounge...I couldn't help but think this place HAD to be designed by a woman! Bravo so beautiful!
4	The perfect lounge for drinks after having dinner nearby. This lounge/bar is located in the center of the hotel and spans a few stories. There are a few unique speciality drinks. We tried a few and my favorite was the "Hot Mule". It'd be nice if there were more space around the bar, but there was plenty of seating in the lounge areas. My date and I stepped away from the bar for only a minute to take some photos in front of the chandelier, and the barkeep tossed our drinks. The bartender was nice enough to make us new drinks at no charge without any hassle.
4	The Chandelier Bar is a cool concept, very different and cool looking. It took a while to order and then it took a while to get our drinks, but the drinks were good. I do wish I knew that they had different drink menus and beers on each of the 3 levels.Prices were as expected for this type of Vegas bar.The waitress wasn't very well informed about what was available around the hotel at the other bars, but she was nice and courteous.Overall, a must see bar in Vegas!
4	Stylish drinks in a very swanky bar.   The Chandelier is over the top, but reasonable priced compared to others, and very friendly staff.  My grey goose martini was served perfectly, and it's a great people watching spot.
5	Awesome multi-level lounge.This right now is my favorite lounge/bar in Las VegasThe Atmosphere just rocks. I feel like a celebrity!
4	Truly an over the top luxurious and decadently decorated bar concept!  It is located in the center of the cosmopolitan hotel and has 3 levels, with more seating and lounging located on the first and second levels.  The floors are encased with veils of dripping crystal that create the effect of being "inside" a chandelier.  The bar at the top did not have a specialty drink menu, but the bartenders are quick even when it gets busy and its not impossible to get a drink.  Seats even opened up at the bar for 4 of us which was nice.  Very cool, decadent, cutting edge bar concept.
5	Two words: COME HERE.Place looks phenomenal. It's definitely one of the coolest bars I've seen yet. Price: You're in Vegas. Don't give weird looks when drinks are over $14.
5	Really nice retro modern atmosphere!!  Great drink selection and price...smokin hot waitress! Lol
5	If you're not going to a club, this is hands down the place/bar/lounge to be at on the Strip!You're drinking in a freeekin' chandelier. And there's 3 floors of it you can enjoy! The chandelier is just beautifully amazing when you first walk in and then, there's alcohol in there!After a business meeting, we came here for a couple cocktails and, somehow, ordered a bottle.They pretty much have a fully stocked bar and a menu of specialty drinks made for the Cosmo. Obvs, The Cosmo is a drink on their menu.Best thing bout this bar is it's in the middle of everything. Definate place to see and be seen. Great for us locals who love to people watch!
4	Came here on a Saturday night and it was packed..for good reason. Its beautiful. Drinks were pretty easy to get and typical for Vegas prices. This is the new hot spot for sure. Cant wait to come back again.
5	I've heard this place only hires models ... I wouldn't say models but, REALLY PRETTY people -- the bartenders, bar backs, waitresses.And the waitresses have reaaaaalllyyyyy short metallic shirts THAT THEY WEAR AS DRESSES. Yes, dresses. Some wear leggings with that shirt/dress. And others, don't. Therefore, the waitresses be wearing this dresses with booty shorts. YES, BOOTY SHORTS! Pretty hot, huh =)
4	Holy mother of God....this place is simply awesome. Beautiful people everywhere.  Drinks are great and the design/layout is incredible.  I must say, the Cosmopolitan is certainly a swanky-swanky place!
4	This bar is placed right in the casino area with 3 levels and literally has a giant chandelier surrounding the entire bar. We got a seat near the bar and had a cool friendly bartender on a Saturday night (a rare commodity in the Vegas strip). If you like people watching, there were hundreds of girls in short sparkly skirts walking around the place and heading towards Marquee club. Hip and chill place for a drink, not too loud, I'll stop by again for sure when I'm in Vegas again.
4	this place is three stories of beautiful! its inside a giant chandelier... sparkly and new. just had to try the cosmopolitan... i mean.. its IN the cosmopolitan!! and it was sooo good. with a dried blood orange garnish. beautiful and i got to take it back to my room. love this hotel and love the lounges within.
5	blah blah yah yah My 3rd review of The Chandelier.I swear, I feel like I live here. In fact, if I could live here, I'm pretty sure I would!One of my waitresses was from America's Next Top Model. Season 10, I  think. My friend who's an avid ANTM watcher said she looked familiar. And even when we asked her about it, she said that wasn't her.Oh-come-on, I think she was just being coy and shy.Maybe the remark I made in my last review about them only hiring models is right......!!??!!
5	Awesome idea for a bar, and as expected they did things up right.  We had a party of about 20 give or take, and in spite of how busy the place was the service was awesome.  The waitresses made sure everyone who wanted drinks had them.  The bus boys never let an empty glass sit around for longer than 5 minutes.  The bartenders seemed to be able to satisfy any order and they were able to do it in short order.  The waitress we had was extraordinary patient with one of our party who was plastered beyond all description.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good spot in the Cosmo to have drinks after work or for any occasion.
5	Awesome. If the sparkly crystals hanging from the ceiling and across three floors wasn't enough to impress me (it was, I do love sparkle) the waitresses were super nice, the drinks were good and the people watching was amazing. I was there for two drinks with the husband and I saw at least six hooker, three of which might have been dudes dressed as ladies. It wasn't pretentious either. There were girls in cocktail dresses all the way down to cute old couples in tennis shoes and flood-waters.
4	We decided to check out the newest hotel in Vegas (for now) and as we were headed there our taxi driver told us they spent like 4 billion on the hotel and when we saw all of the chandeliers, we figured out pretty quickly were a lot of that money went.  The place is very figuratively dripping with crystals.  But beyond the decor, we also got great service, good drinks, and just a chill place to hang out.  I didn't know the bar had more than one level, so I definitely want to go back and check that out.  Expect $12 dollar prices on your drinks (this is Vegas after all), and make sure you tip your servers/bartenders, this will keep the drinks nice and strong.  I also really liked all of the seating options at the bar.
4	Very cool trendy place. Came here for drinks after dinner and really enjoyed it. Very good service and really cool ambiance.
5	OMG sparklies everywhere!!! This is my kind of place. Sparkly floors, mirrored tables, random plush seating, sparkly bars, rounded staircases, sparklies on the ceiling and the walls and AHHHH!!! I feel like Tiffany exploded all over this hotel!So I dropped in with a couple of friends from out of town after a long day of "walking the Strip," which is torturous when all you can think about is how stupid you are for agreeing to walk everywhere even though you own a car and know the back streets. Regardless, this place is mesmerizing. We sat down, waited about 5-10 minutes for someone to take our drink order and soon enjoyed the prettiest cosmopolitans (yeah, yeah, how cliche) I've ever seen. They were $10 each, which is totally reasonable by Vegas standards. In fact, you'd pay the same price for a vodka cran that is more ice than beverage at Moon, so this is probably a pretty good deal.Then we got pizza at the secret pizza place. YAY! The end.
5	Love.
5	"Take your shoes off before you walk in there!"Everything about the Cosmopolitan is great, and this hotel bar keeps the status quo.  I felt like I was in somebody's parents' really fancy house while I enjoyed a few drinks at The Chandelier.  Everything is sparkly, shiny, and plush, from the mirrored tables to the hanging drapes of blindingly bright crystal decor.  The drinks are innovative from ingredients to presentation.  The staff is beautiful, and amazingly enough, nobody will feel out of place here; the entire experience mixes comfort and class immaculately.  Somehow The Chandelier takes everything you love from a posh night club or lounge, and strains the douche-factor out of it through a sparkly sieve.  Stop by before you go out for the night, or come enjoy a relaxing after dinner drink.
5	This is my new favorite lounge and bar spot in Vegas. The decor, drinks, music, and vibe are absolutely amazing. It definitely fits in with Cosmo's theme - sleek and sexy. Best of all - no cover charge. Don't leave Vegas without having a drink here!
3	Very nice - but weak drinks.  I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for two nights and decided to drop by the Chandelier bar. 1st night the bar was so packed that we left.  The 2nd night we found a table but drinks were so weak - mine tasted like redbull with a little vodka.  I had to order another shot of vodka to mix into my drink... Overall still a very nice bar - would definitely go back again.  I guess you go more for the atmosphere rather than the drinks.
5	This my new go-to place to hang out between Vegas dinner and club time! Gorgeous, tiered bar that looks like a giant Chandelier (duh). Love the lounge-y, bright atmosphere. Waitresses were very chill and nice. Cute outfits might I add. Very reasonable drink prices. I could have hun out all night. I hope they keep this place bottle service and reservation free!Best bar I've been to in Vegas! Girls, if you like your sparkles, you'll looove this place!
5	Love this place! So chic and glamorous. The cocktails are unique and delicious...and definitely classy. LOVE the hip velvet furniture, enveloping sparkly strands of chandelier, impossibly hot and barely clad waitresses, and the drinks, of course!Best spot in the building to people watch!
5	Gorgeous and fun. Great place to people watch. Love the furniture. The staff was very helpful and patient especially since we couldn't decide what to drink! It sucked that one of my friends and I were sick so we couldn't drink any alcohol. But the drinks looked delicious.
4	i went here on a quaint monday night just to chill...the decor is sooo nice and fancy! feels like you're IN a chandelier lol, and i love how it's 3 floors. our server, Bailey, was super friendly and attentive even though she had half the floor.  i had a taste of the campfire martini--deelish! it tastes like a s'more, chocolate syrup and crushed graham crackers on the rim of the glass and garnished with marshmallows! the place is cozy. i'll be sure to visit again.
4	I approached the Chandelier bar at the Cosmopolitan like I approach everything at that place: unreasonably suspicious. I expected outrageous prices, snooty, slow service, and an environment full of aging and depressing hipsters.  It was 100% the opposite. Th drink menu, while simple, was creative and fun. Ordering drinks was actually exciting. I asked for a Twisted Brit; it was probably one of the best cocktails I've ever had with tiny bits of lime and cranberry in the bottom. My friends were also stoked on their drinks, making the $12 price tag feel completely reasonable.  Our waitress was super friendly and checked up on us often.  She even sat down for a bit to tell us this amazing fact: each level of the bar has a different specialty menu. After screaming from joy, we moved up to the second and most beautiful level, where the bar is encased inside the chandelier.  I ordered a Campfire Delight which smelled amazing and came with three marshmallows, which were toasted right in front of us. Made from 2 kinds of chocolate vodka, the drink was too intensely sweet for me but the presentation and ability to lick chocolate and graham cracker bits from the rim of the glass kept me happy. At the third level we received a brutal blow: they don't offer the special menu on weekend nights because of the crowds. This smacks of laziness and was boo-inducing. We had beers at $7 each. All in all, had a great time and was very impressed by the service and creativity.
4	Fourth star just for ambiance and nice staff. Pretty bar located in the new "it" hotel in Vegas. I had one of the special cocktails (Hot Mule) and I must admit, it was quite tasty. Not even a hit of a buzz, so I'm not sure what the alcohol content was, but it tasted good and sipping it gave me a chance to relax for a few minutes. I happened to be there on a weekday, so there were MAYBE 4 other people in the bar. I imagine this place probably gets pretty packed on the weekends with insufferable hipsters and cougars, but mid-week, mid-day, it was a nice piece of quiet and pretty. Staff were super nice.
5	This has got to be one of the most unique looking bars in Vegas right now. Its made to look as if you're lounging inside a chandelier, hence the name. There are 3 levels and each level has a specialty drink menu. If you happen to go, find the level that serves a drink called "The last kamikaze". I believe its the top level. It's a tad sweet but it goes down easy and is served with a lemon grass straw and a dehydrated lemon slice. The clientele is cool and hot and the drink girls are gorgeous. A definite must visit next time you're in Vegas at the Cosmopolitan Casino.Oh, they also have a drink made with toasted marshmallows.
4	This is a terrific bar and so beautiful.  The cocktails are amazing.  I had the Sage 75 (they only charged me $11 although the menu said $14) and it is so yummy.  Champagne, fresh raspberries all muddled together with some sage.My husband had the Lime in the Coconut ($12) and he about inhaled it.  It looked over - one second it was there, the next it was gone.  Needless to say he really enjoyed it.  I can't wait to come back.
4	Great big fan of this place. I have not been on the Cosmo bandwagon from the beginning. I thought the place was overhyped and I just didn't understand why everyone was so infatuated with this place. Well, it seems after about four visits or so, I finally drank the kool-aid, with the help of Chandelier.Chandelier is a great bar. Atmosphere is fantastic and with several very different levels to choose from there' s a lot of variety. I've tried quite a few of their cocktails and I'll list my favorites. The Madame Curry is probably top on my list. It's not for everyone. It's actually quite spicy, so not for the faint of heart. So indulgent. I savored it for quite some time and didn't want it to end. I also really love the Dragon. It's got a spicyness I enjoy as well, but in a completely different way. I've have the Cosmo as well, but as with every Cosmo I've ever had, I'm still not a fan.The decor is beautiful and the staff is friendly and attentive! The music is a bit odd, but almost in a good way. We sat there for well over an hour and listened to non-stop organ music. Crazyness. I kept expecting for the next song to be "Take me out to the ballgame" or "Baby elephant walk."Great bar overall, I'll be back... often.
5	Great vibe.  You're sitting in a magnificent chandelier, personable bartenders, creative drinks and even a light show on the beaded curtains.  OK - let's have some over priced drinks!  Not really....for 3 glasses of wine it was no more than what I would spend locally.  The bartender turned me on to a wine from Oregon that you can only get at the winery or from them.  He was excited about it!  I saw some fantastic drinks - one called the camp fire - looked like a martini with toasted marshmallows - bartender said it's his homage to a smores.  Loved the cocktail waitresses outfits, they keep the theme going.  Not pretentious, just a cool, fun vibe in the middle of a 3 story chandelier - not your neighborhood bar...
4	Where most folks put empty space and elevator shafts, The Cos put bars. Genius.I'm pretty sure there were plenty of arguments among the architects: "there's just no way to DO that!" and "it's never been done before!" Fuckin' architects.
4	Chandelier bar was kinda crowded last time I went on a Friday night before heading to Tryst... there's seating at and around the bar but from what I can recall, which isn't much, all the seating in the near vicinity were taken.Honestly, I can't remember too much from that night but I do remember the Chandelier was very pretty and the vibe was great... so that should count for something, right? Definitely worth checking out if you are near the Cosmopolitan!
2	Overrated. Yes, it looks kind of cool with the beads and such. Yes, if you want to pretend like you're a character from Sex and the City, this will most likely appeal to you. Yes, it's fine - fine being the essential and very key word here.Granted, it's not my scene. I would rather be playing Black Jack for 7 straight hours. Maybe I was there on an off night, because everyone else on here seems to love it. When I was there it was just too crowded with eh service and no really distinctive vibe that made it worth re-visiting. It's unfortunate.
5	This is my favorite place to get a drink in Vegas! I am soooo happy surrounded by bling! ;) It is just so gorgeous here, I highly recommend it. Besides that, the Cosmo hotel is breathtakingly beautiful.I ordered a cosmo while here and it was the best one I've ever had (and I've had a lot LOL), so I recommend ordering a cosmo while in the cosmo! ;p Since I came here after dinner, we ordered a dessert martini--the chocolate martini, i think. It was my first one ever and it was good, but not amaziiing. It could've used a garnish.While there I couldn't believe how happy I was. I guess it must've been the drinks I had combined with my love for the scenery! i love anything pink, blue, sparkly and fabulous. haha. the seating was cool and comfortable.the bathroom had some nice oval mirrors...hey, bathrooms are important for the ladies to touch up in! however, it is not equipped with any products ladies may need so heed the warning and bring your own stuff.we went on a monday night  pretty early, around 10-11:30 so it wasn't super busy, just enough people and it had an upbeat vibe.in sum, i love it here and can't wait to return.oh, regarding the price: i remember the bill for three people was ($121 w/o tip) only because the guy we went out with asked me to figure out what a 20% tip would be, lol. so kinda expensive but if price isn't an issue then definitely hit it up!GORGEOUS HERE ;)
5	Possibly the coolest bar I've ever been in!  I don't remember the name of my drink (insert your own joke here!), but I do remember it had Gin, St.Germaine, Maraschino Liqueur, Lime Juice with Violet infused Sugar on the Rim.  It was one of the most interesting mixed drinks I've ever had and at $12.00 was a bargain for the Strip.Aside from my drink, there are several things that I loved about The Chandelier.  First it is very wheelchair friendly without being obvious about it. By this I mean that the accessible features were integrated right into the design, so they were barely noticeable.  I was able to go right up to the bar itself and pull into a space cut out specifically for a wheelchair.  The majority of the tables were wheelchair height, so that would've been an option too.  A cool thing that showed a lot of awareness was when the bartender asked me if I wanted my drink in a Low Ball glass or Martini Glass.  This shows a great deal of awareness.  Since my disability effects my coordination, Martini Glasses can be a bit of a problem.On my future Vegas trips, The Chandelier will be a must visit for me!
5	What can I say? If the Cosmopolitan was a human I'd be in jail right now for stalking because I just can't seem to stay away from this place. One of the reasons being the Chandelier Bar, which is a three-story masterpiece with four (possibly 5?) bars all which feature exclusive drink menus. The Chandelier Bar isn't  just looks and glamour-it has quality, consistence service and features that you'll be hard pressed to find in your average center bar. Nearly every Strip property has a center bar, better known as the one place in the hotel to get top-shelf liquor for less than 15 bucks. It usually offers nothing special with service to match and only really serves as a pit stop before your final destination within the property or at best a people watching spot. The Chandelier Bar is the Cosmopolitan's "center" bar, but because of it's amazing service, unique drinks, great music (recorded and live) it serves as a great spot to live out an evening at the Cosmo.I'm more familiar with the first level (and actually haven't checked out the second-I know, shame!) and continue to come back mainly for the specialty drink The Libertine. All I needed to know about this drink was that it had Maker's Mark 46 in it but for those of you who don't also fantasize about ways to mix this bourbon into drinks, it also contains orange marmalade (the fancy kind-I saw the jar!), lemon juice and some other things and is topped off with a maple syrup foam and a rosemary garnish. The presentation is darling and the result is tasty with A LOT of bite. You don't get cheated on the alcohol here and I feel like I definitely get my money's worth. What I love more than the bourbon is the consistency of the service-I've ordered this every single time I've been to the Chandelier Bar from different bartenders and it's always been perfectly the same. At the other bar on the first level serves the classic Cosmopolitan with a dehydrated blood orange garnish which made for a beautiful presentation.The Chandelier Bar also features live music from up and coming artists and DJ's and guess what? It's all FREE-everyone's favorite price. The Cosmo's niche seems to be fostering the arts-particularly bringing in little known, and sometimes no so little known, acts who just need to cut their teeth in an industry that's hard to break into. What's the best way to draw a crowd? A price of $0. Check out the events calendar on the website for dates and times. The artists invited to the Chandelier usually have a residency of 3-6 days. The staff has always been friendly and the service is quick (or as quick as can be expected on a Friday or Saturday night) without the pretentious attitude that is often a a casualty of Strip property bar service. I imagine it's hard to stay friendly and continue to provide top-quality service when you're dealing with douchey tourists (and locals) who feel an exaggerated sense of entitlement while drinking themselves ridiculous at the bar and then giving an offensive tip.  However I've yet to encounter the typically jaded Vegas bartender at the Chandelier Bar and even though the place has only been open three months that's a rarity. If anything, pop by the Chandelier Bar just to take it in-it's a pretty crazy thing to look at. I mean where else are you going to find a bar dressed up as a glorified light fixture?
5	Too beautiful for words. You really have to see it to believe it. It's a girl's dream. Big comfy couches everywhere. Lots of bar seating - in case you want to take a look see at the male and female eye candy serving you drinks. Crystals all over the bar, too. I know, I know. . . . drinks are pricey here $7 for beers, $14 for specialty cocktails, but seriously, it's worth the price of the real estate. I've been to the rooftop bar at the Standard in LA and paid $20 for a lousy drink in a plastic cup. I'd drop some coin here any ole day. For all you men, the women servers are literally wearing black strapless bras underneath the silver lame. They have to have nice figures.
3	After reading a lot of great reviews I decided to go here with my bf because we wanted to go out without going to a dance club. There was live music on the first floor when we got there so we had to go to the second floor to find somewhere to sit. We were seated right away but the service was slow. In her defense she was the only waitress for the entire floor. The music was really loud which made conversation difficult. We only ended up getting one drink because the service was so slow even though we were probably there for an hour and a half to two hours. Lucky for us there was a mistake and our drinks were put on someone else's tab who paid it so it was free for us! The Cosmopolitan is very pretty and the seating area was nice. The reason I'm giving it a lower review is because of the service.
4	Lovely!I had a great time here!  This bar was awesome! How can you not have a good time here?!?The atmosphere/decor are gorgeous! So sparkly and shiny!!! The drinks were strong and tasty.  The bartenders were friendly and efficient. I can't comment on the prices since I was attending a private reception which had an open bar (which may also be why the drinks were so strong). If I was in Vegas for fun I would definitely hit the place up with the girlfriends!
5	Prettiest. Bar. Ever.It's called THE Chandelier for a reason because the bar itself is wrapped around by thousands of strings of sparkly beads to shape like a giant chandelier. The grandeur commands much awe and "ooo-ahs". Pretty place, pretty drinks, even pretty bartenders and waitresses. Comprehensive selection of alcohol and cocktails, speedy service, and latest hits bumping in the background - you are pretty much guaranteed a good time here. If you are tired of standing in the long line for Marquee, I say forget about it and go here for some drinks (which is what we did), you will probably end up having just as much fun without feeling claustrophobic or getting elbowed every 5 seconds. Cosmopolitan - I think you've just won me over with The Chandelier and Wicked Spoon! (http://www.yelp.com/biz/wicked-spoon-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:u2lrqIVWeSWbSa7-_wDsgg)
4	This is a really unique and cool bar in one of the newest casinos in Vegas.  3 levels, and plenty of room.  Wasn't very crowded (I was there in the afternoon) and our waitress was enjoyable.  Their cocktail menu has a lot of random concoctions and something new for everyone.  Give it a try next time your in Vegas!
5	SUCH A BEAUTIFUL BAR!!!!!!! there are three levels (i think lol i was buzzed :P) it's basically a bar inside a HUGE chandelier...it was so beautiful!!! i didn't try their specialty drinks (we finally stopped by on sunday...and i was done w/ hard alcohol for the weekend lol) i got the riesling and it was so delish! definitely a place to stop by if you're in LV. highly recommended!
5	Yes, like every single reviews here (ok I didn't read all the reviews but I'm certain) we all agree it's PRETTY! We checked out The Cosmopolitan casino area the 2nd day and knew we had to check out their bars later on the trip. So on Sunday, we hit up Bond for our mid-day drink but I'll write separate review for that. We kept Sunday night low key after two nights of clubbing. We originally sat on the top floor and had 2 drinks. I think it's called The Mule that I had but you can't go wrong with any of their drinks. We were told they were closing the area and that the first floor is 24 hrs. You'd think we'd head back to our hotel next door but nope. We went downstairs to the 1st floor as the DJ was still playing.
4	This a great bar, especially when it comes to bars in the middle of casinos. It is, of course, beautiful - after all, it is designed to be like sitting inside a chandelier.The bottom level, directly off the casino floor, is the busiest and most boring (for lack of a better word). The couches are cozy and whatnot, but you don't get the full effect sitting there.The middle level (floor 1.5) is the best level as far as I'm concerned. You can really get more of the full effect of the whole chandelier concept. Plus, it provides good people-watching of the 2nd floor of the casino.All of the servers are extremely nice and friendly. They update you as to the status of your drinks if the bartender is backed up and taking awhile, they offer to bring you water without you asking, etc.And the drinks themselves are great. Not the best of the best of Vegas, but probably the best for a casino center bar. Though, all of the drinks (like the entire casino) are a little "girly". Not an issue for me, but my husband did complain a little.
5	What an amazing spot. Went here on a Friday night before going in to the Marquee Club (which was also amazing). It's a unique lounge/bar not only because it's new and in the hottest hotel on the strip right now... but the whole architecture and lighting is something to behold. Also the patrons (for you singles folks) are another experience all on their own. I think some of the hottest people in Vegas that weekend were there. Could be that it was a Friday...but I doubt it. Think of life a sized gingerbread house....now change the gingerbread house to a big elegant beautiful chandelier.....and you have The Chandelier Bar. It was 3 stories if I'm not mistaken (only spent time on the 2nd floor). The wait staff was super-hot and helpful. Our server was a little drained from St. Paddy's the night before but was still very talkative and fun. I wouldn't call this place casual. Everyone was dressed to the nines. Come prepared to see and be seen here and put your best foot forward. Had a couple Kettle tonics but wasn't paying...although I'm sure they were priced a lot higher than the norm. I'll definitely be hanging here next time I'm in town.
3	Pretty setting, a fair amount of seating, good drinks, but the weirdest crowd.  That's the thing about Vegas, though, isn't it?  You have conventioneers and hookers mixed in with scenesters and bachelorette party girs, topped off with a few eyerollers with their embarrassingly large cigars.  The cocktail servers are cute AND attentive, and it's fun enough, but you never manage to forget you're squarely in the middle of a casino.
5	Went to spent some time with a friend and after eating we hit the Chandelier, LOVE IT! Had the Misty rose very yummy! The bar is beautiful and would be a nice place to just sit and chill however not recommended on a busy friday night, no place to sit!Other than the middle section needing a seating by a hostess for bottle service only (whats up with that????) had a great time
5	I'm giving this five starts because it's a bar in a chandelier.  Pretty people get dressed up and drink booze here.  Extra points for have Hendrick's and a decent Scotch selection.  Cheers!
4	The ambience in The Chandelier Lounge is crazy amazing.  We got a drink in the middle level, which really gives the whole feeling as if you were inside a giant, crystal chandelier.  Gorgeous decor & design, and great service.  Particularly one cocktailer named Nicole - she was awesome.Expect your typical, Las Vegas strip, overpriced cocktails, and expect to stand.  But definitely stop by for a drink or two - it really is a beautiful bar.
5	Located in the Cosmopolitan, this lounge has become one of my favorite in town.  Here's why:+ Superb people watching.  There are so many tables & booths located in this lounge that give you great line of sight for watching the hilarious tourists that come in/out of the hotel.  Good times.+ Decor.  The over the top crystal decor is what Vegas use to be, but in a modern design....a tribute to our history and it's done well.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Pob7ibbNT29--69nxXEP2g?select=GKlLNqaOabdEH-HPJ5MfOg+ Drinks.  The drinks and Wine servings are pretty good.  I haven't had a bad glass of Wine here yet.Some things they need to work on.....- Service.  Service here has been inconsistent.  It's either really good or really bad.  I hope it's just growing pains since they're relatively new.- The stairs to other levels.  The design is pretty cool, but it's not very functional.  If there are crowds going up and down, it can get tight....no bueno when you're trying to carry a glass of Red Wine, know what I mean?Overall, it's a fun place to go and hang with some friends.  This is the new meetup spot for visitors when they call and want to hangout.Return Factor - 100%
4	Beautiful beautiful lounge. It's inside a giant chandelier inside of the Cosmopolitan. There are lots of seats and booths and it's always fun to sit down, sip a cocktail and people watch. The night we went the top level was closed off (we went on a Thursday around 2 am) bu we were able to sit in the middle level and just chill and enjoy the view. Yes, its over the top, yes, its overpriced, but it's inside of a giant beautiful chandelier!
5	Find and splurge!People aren't kidding when they say the people watching here is great. This bar attracts the eccentric. Are top hats on men coming back? I think they are, and I LOVE it! They have well made specialty cocktails, beautifully decorated. Mine looked like it had a forest in it (a tasty forest!). You must try one.But the main attraction is that you feel like you are hanging out inside a chandelier, and it is as elegant an experience as you are imagining it. Nay! Better!Find and splurge, my friends. Find. And. Splurge.
5	This three-story bar is surrounded by a magnificent crystal chandelier, absolutely amazing! The second level of the Chandelier is between the first and second level of the Cosmopolitan. It is accessible through the internal staircase or elevator (hit 1.5!). The bartenders and staff are fashionably edgy and attractive. I love the comfy sofas and chairs scattered through out the lounge and the drinks are great!
5	I love everything about this place.I love the:-crystals.-hot as hell bartenders.-polite bartenders.-the barstools.-the couches and arm chairs.-the DJ.-the hand crafted with quality ingredients cocktails.-the cube shaped ice cubes.-the attention to detail. The bartenders get to know your tastes and recommend/craft cocktails accordingly. -the price! $12 for a hand crafted specialty cocktail with high end booze and gourmet garnishes is a total steal.- each floor has a different specialty drink menu. Ride the elevator after your second drink because navigating the stairs is tricky afterward!Try a campfire with real toasted marshmallows. A mojito made with a very delicious sipping rum. And don't forget to have a cosmopolitan made with white cranberry and garnished with a blood orange.
5	Loved this place. Chandelier Bar was very Vegas glam. The BEST cosmo I've ever had. Very friendly and attentive bartender named Brad. Will definately be back next time in LV.
4	I liked this place and thought the decor was pretty cool, but I thought it was a lot more flash than substance.  This was listed as having some of the best drinks in town, but I actually liked Red Square better.
5	Beautiful spot. I love coming here. THis is my 2nd time here in not too long. THe bartenders are awesome. The hostesses are ravishing. The Dj is real chill and I love how the seats here just hug you like your mom used to when you were a kid. Their drinks aren't real expensive, although you'd think that they would be. I love their premium garnishes and the alcohol that they use to create these awesome libations. I love the liquid encouragement. It's crazy. You feel like you've been transported inside of this huge crystal chandelier. It's so FABULOUS feeling. I felt like royalty, a high roller really. The bartenders chat you up just enough and keep it comin' til you say stop. I like that ice cubes are actually CUBES here, and not oblong or crushed. It's just amazing.
5	I love the Chandelier bar. It is by far my most favorite place in Vegas! The millions of crystals are breath taking and the bartenders are awesome!!
5	YUM! YUM! YUM!Just know, from all the reviews, that it's stunning in here.  I'll leave the other reviews for aesthetics; this is about the drinks, bitches!It was quite the endeavor for Jim G. and I to get to Chandelier 1.5 (the middle section of this stunning bar) but it was so worth it!  I tried two of their "molecular mixology" drinks, and was very pleased:-Fire Breathing Dragon: This drink had Bacardi Dragonberry, Raspberry Puree, Lemongrass, Thai Chili Syrup, and Black and Red Peppercorn along the rim.  There were also nitrogen-fused (or something like that) raspberries that, when tasted, emitted a lovely smoke (hence the name of the drink).  This was sweet, spicy, and yummy!!!-Campfire Delight: I saw this drink and really wanted it, but didn't want anything so sweet; not when the night of drinking was still beginning.  The waitress talked me into it and I'm so glad she did.  This drink has Van Gogh Dutch Chocolate Vodka (get their double espresso vodka in your freezer now, for shots, by the way), RumChata Mozart Dark Chocolate (who knows what this is??), Cream, Toasted Marshmallow Syrup, and actual toasted marshmallows on the top. Heavenly.  Strong, a little sweet, and strong. =)Good people watching too.  Can't wait to come back!
3	Can't say a whole lot about this place!  I expected a bit more from this place after reading a lot of other reviews on this place.  This place just didn't do it for us.  We settled in the second floor and barely stayed for a drink.  Only cool thing about this place was that you could see down on some of the gaming tables and yeah....we left early to gamble.
2	Pretty Bar, Shitty service. Maybe I just had bad luck. It was pretty. How can a bar in a giant chandelier not be. I sat at the bar and did not feel very well attended to. I order a drink off the bars menu (I forgot whats it's called) and the bartender flatly said "I can't make that" and moved on to the next person. He did this once more before I had to snap at him and ask what he couldMake. After that he kind of got with it. My drink was alright. It was my third choice, and thats just unacceptable. Very poor service for a place that has 4.5 stars here on yelp. But I guess ascetics is all this place has going for it.
3	Had a couple drinks here while in Vegas. I guess it's the largest chandelier in the world. Pretty cool. The bar is set up inside the chandelier. It's a very quiet bar. Good place to chat with friends or whatever.
5	I've finally found the light at the end of the alcoholic tunnel.  The chandelier is my new favorite place for seeing, being seen, drinking and enjoying the marvels of the newly built Cosmopolitan.  I read all the reviews and decided to see what this place is all about. I ended up going alone, dressed to the 9s.  The hotel is chic and marvelous.  I found my way to the Chandelier and headed to the second floor.  It was swank, full of glitz and glamour.  I found a seat at the bar and ordered a London Summer.... very delicious, but sort of forgettable.  I then tried the Sandia Ginger.... my absolute fav (I ended up having three), it is watermelony with a coconut ginger foam.  Absolutely delicious.  My bartender recommended I go upstairs and try the Misty Rose, uh.... they were out of ALL their specialty drinks, LAME.  Went back to the second floor and had some drink with curry and spice, but sweet.  It was amazing like a bag of kettle corn sweet and savory.The drinks range from $10-$14, amazing price.  See you soon my love.
5	Beautiful beautiful bar. With its three levels of libations and sparkling chandelier draped over them for that touch of privacy, The Chandelier exudes the decadence and indulgence that is Las Vegas. After pulling into Vegas late on a Friday evening, I came to The Chandelier with some girlfriends looking for a relatively chill evening. It was a great choice. Jason, the friendly chap with a mohawk was an excellent bartender, offering suggestions for our wide range in alcoholic preferences and mixing up dangerously delicious but strong drinks.  While some Vegas bartenders toss a drink on the counter and then brush you off after their tip, Jason took the time to chat a little and even recognized us when we ran into him the next day and stopped again for a friendly (but not creepy) conversation.  Also, the crowd here was chill (but not dead), well dressed, classy, and ready to mingle (as it should be in Vegas!). Drinks were average priced for Vegas. Overall, a wonderful experience and I'll be making a point to stop here again on my next visit to Vegas.
5	Neat place to enjoy a drink an a cigar; bring your own cigar; but they do have pricey drinks, but can make anything you enjoy.
4	Drinking inside of a giant crystal chandelier.... winning.I felt extremely glamorous sitting inside this lounge. Sitting and sipping the Fire Breathing Dragon, resting my feet after wandering both Downtown and the CityCenter, surrounded by all types of people, from girls pregaming before their trek to Marquee, conventioneers needing a libation after a long day of conferencing, couples wanting a cocktail with their conversation... and no one pretentious! Service was quick and friendly, plus they follow up on how you're enjoying your drink AND make recommendations should they not have the specific drink or liquor you ask for.The one thing I truly wish is that the nitrogen-infused raspberries kept their smoke-inducing qualities that invoked the whole "fire-breathing" aspect of the Fire-Breathing Dragon cocktail I opted for. When I took the first "shot" of them, I was Puff the Magic Dragon. The second hit, I was more along the lines of puffin' a doob. The last bits were not necessarily worth even trying with.... however, the drink itself was sweet and spicy, and dare I even say it... potent? I was one happy dragon.This would definitely be a repeat for me. Glam, gorgeous, GO.
5	My girlfriend were walking around The Cosmo when we came across this place. We were both amazed at the all the crystals hanging overhead. This is definitely a great place to chill with a significant other or friends. There are several comfortable sofas and chairs to relax in while getting your drink on. Just make sure that you don't drink so much that you end up taking a nap on one because they are that comfortable.The drinks are a little pricey, but that's expected since it's Vegas. It's a must place to visit if you visit Vegas. We'll definitely go back when we're back in town!!!
4	We stopped here after dinner - just wanted to take a break from walking, grab a drink and figure out what we wanted to do before hitting the strip again. The overall vibe was chill and laid back which was what we were looking for. I didn't notice a big price difference in the drinks here than anywhere else, it's all pricey all over the strip and they had some pretty cool drinks that I wanted to try but when I drink I like to stick with the same thing for the whole night so we both just got some jack and cokes. When I initially told the boyfriend I wanted to come by this place just to grab a drink and check it out (and of course, see the chandeliers!) I thought he was going to be a no-go and think it was too girly but he was actually down to try it and he really liked the place. And I am easily amused so I was definitely fascinated by sitting inside of this giant crystal chadelier and the bar looks amazing with all of the crystals hanging :) It met my expectations and then some. The waitress was nice, always in a rush but our Jack and cokes were strong and she kept them coming so we were happy with the service. When we're in Vegas again I know we'll be by here just to chill, people watch and enjoy some strong drinks.
5	I have been here 2 times in the last 4 weeks...how do I describe it.   This has to be the most beautiful bar I have visited.  The millions of crystals capture the light yet create a beautiful shield from the outside.  Staff is great!! Jason and Jodi (?) what's uuuuppp.... go here for drinks and be swept away by the aesthetic appeal. One clue...it's only truly amazing the very first time.
5	Sit back, sip a cocktail and people watch (or be watched in the middle of the chandelier)
5	This was my one and only taste of The Cosmopolitan -- it was amazing! The glass chandeliers make for an otherwordly, fanciful atmosphere. The drinks are strong, although they could use a few more waitresses if they want to keep the drinks coming out quickly enough to the patrons. I can't wait to come back here on my next trip.
4	PRETTY! It is a great lounge, that is 3 levels. You are surrounded by shiny and glitter crystals. I felt like I was sitting in a champagne glass! It is large enough to lounge and people watch and the tunes are good. I recommend for a slightly more mellow night or for pre-club drinks.
5	Absolutely loved this bar.  It's opulent and intimate, yet at the same time, had a good vibe.  Their cosmos are fantastic!
5	The bar is surrounded by crystal.like, you're IN the chandelier. Seriously. C'mon, that's fun! Will definitely go back. It's sparkly there. Photos are never going to cut it, unless you do sone kind of panoramic thing. It's a 360 kind of experience. :)
5	This place combines some old school classy Vegas and that new hip feel. I hate giving it away but you must try the Chandelier bar floor 1.5. It is a little difficult to get to, especially after already pre-drinking, but worth the escalator ride up and down until you realize you need to take the stairs.Once we finally made it there the drinks were worth the search. A must get is the Fire Breathing Dragon. Really tasty and different, plus you do actually breathe smoke, just get it. Also, they have a nice full bar and a relaxed atmosphere square in the middle of 2 million beads of a giant chandelier.Can't wait to check it out again.
5	Chandelier Bar, you never disappoint! It continues to be one of the best center bars in Vegas with the most unique drink options that are consistently great! The bartenders are friendly, attentive and quick and oh did I mention, friendly? It never fails that a douchey tourist with an inflated sense of entitlement elbows his way up to the bar and is shamefully rude to everyone around him, but mostly the bartender. The bartenders at the Chandelier deal with this on a minute-to-minute basis I'm sure, but you'd never know it.The Chandelier bar is a must because it's shining quality is one thing that's often overlooked when it comes to service: consistency. Also, it's great for gratuitous people watching.
5	By the time my friends and I got to The Chandelier, we were no longer drinking.  The cocktail list looked enticing, but I had room for neither food nor fluid at the end of a long Vegas night.  Hence, I will report back on drink quality when I visit again.But I had to review this place because it's just so damn pretty.  Would I laugh out loud if a wealthy friend built a replica in her own home?  Most certainly.  It is way over the top with its hundreds of crystal strands mimicking a giant chandelier, but it's also great to look at.  In Vegas, over the top and tasteful are not mutually exclusive.After Marquee, this place was a relief just because there was enough seating that we were able to rest our feet.  Waitresses came by and were polite even though we were just freeloading on the bar's comfortable chairs.  The Chandelier isn't the sort of bar where you have to order a drink to avoid being a jackass - there's no door, and a lot of space, so if you want to kill time, it's a good place to lounge around.It's also a fantastic place for a photo shoot, especially if you and your friends are all dressed up for a Vegas night.  The draped crystals make a beautiful backdrop for some fun pictures.And now that you all think I'm obnoxious as hell for taking pictures and not spending money at a bar, I'll just say that The Chandelier is at the top of my list when I do come back, and when I do want a nice cocktail.  It's a gorgeous space that's also casual and welcoming, a Vegas lounge that lets you sit down and breathe.
4	This was a nice bar. We came here for drinks after dinner at Craftsteak. The interior of the bar was full, so we had to sit on the outside, which was nice, but kind of awkward since it is basically in the walkway of the shops in the Cosmopolitan. I think I would have liked it more if we were "inside." Our waitress was super attentive and there were always people coming by to pick up empty glasses and to empty ashtrays. I wasn't in a huge mood to drink, so I stuck with Rum & Coke's, but my girlfriends tried a few of their specialty cocktails and really enjoyed them.I did not get the tab here, so i'm not too sure about the prices. I would like to come here again, and get a seat inside.
4	We just stopped at the mezzanine bar for one drink, but the bar has a large selection of interesting drinks and impressive selection of liquors and liqueurs behind the bar (creme de cassis!) if you want something off the menu. The entire bar is surrounded in sparkly crystals, making it seem a wold away from the upscale shopping mall on the other side (all you can see are sparkles, not shopping bags). During the middle of the afternoon, the vibe was cool and quiet. Great place to lounge, relax, rest, and visit. Seems to have lots of "pockets" of intimate spaces, but still feels open and airy. Definitely a "must see" in the Cosmopolitan. The only thing to watch out for: their glasses chip really bad. Just ask for a straw if you're worried about it. If not - drink on!
5	If this fairy had one more drink at The Chandelier, she would've thought her wings had grown in, because I was ready to fly all up in and around those crystals!! If you want a bar to take your depressed drag queens to, than this place will turn their rose lipstick frowns right upside down! It is gawwwgeous! Seriously a fun place to grab a cocktail. It's also a great place to regroup - how can you miss a three-story chandelier with a bar in the center?! Impossible! (Just like getting seating, so be prepared to meander).
5	Walking into the Cosmopolitan Hotel i couldn't help but to notice how BEAUTIFUL the chandelier bar was! As you all know now i am a HUGE sucker for chandeliers and this place fit me prefect! Its sexy, swanky, with a touch of old school charm! Met my friend Ashley here to catching up and have some drinks. The bar has three levels and depending on the night it can be a bit crazy to get to the bar. Thank god i had my wing-women to make way for us to get to the bar! Minh  order a Vodka and Cranberry and a Vodka and 7-up for me. The grand total was $18.00 say waaaa!! Okay i know this is Vegas and the bar is upper scale (which i don't mind) but this drink better be stiffer then Stifler's mother!! Looking at my glass i noticed that the ice cubes were in prefect ice cube shapes (aw how awesome), took one drink and blah its watered down, hardly any vodka  all i tasted was 7-up what the heck!! We decided to take the stairs down to the lower section to find a place to sit and chat. After awhile of looking around we were able to locate a seat to hang out. Decided to order another drink from the cocktail waitress who passed by. Took a little while but she finally came back with our drinks. The second round was a little bit better, could taste the vodka a little more and had a slight buzz going on. This bar is recommended only if you dont expect to much!!
5	Chandelier is spot on in terms of creating a glitzy, glamorous Vegas bar scene.   Upon entering I felt like I had been whisked away to the middle of a fantasy princess castle. I recommend going to floor 1.5..... shhh. don't tell anyone! :)
5	Just had my first Verbena. It came with a Buzz Button to chew on first. Highly recommended! If you get Lyndsay as your bartender, you're in for a treat.
4	This is a swanky place-very unique. Be sure to have the fire breathing dragon-you'll pay for it (literally and figuratively  ;-)
4	Uber nice. Friday night was our mid-Strip assault. Heard good things about the Cosmo and Chandelier. So after Bellagio, we headed here. I got to admit, it is a pretty neat theme, a three story bar in a so called Chandelier. Over-the-top, faux crystals draped and covered the whole area. Kinda felt surreal. Being Friday night, you can imagine this place was packed. The crowd was mainly on the younger side, 20's-30's, but there was a table of four middle aged women getting their drink on as well. Which I thought was fantastic. We grab some drinks and proceeded to find somewhere to sit. There was some tables that were marked "reserved" but the rest was a free-for-all. We finally found seats in front of the bar on the second level. People watching and eavesdropping was nice. Bartenders provided good and friendly service. A worthwhile destination.
2	Heard good things about this place from a bartender at another bar. We walked a long ways and were really excited about getting a cocktail. It was hot and we were thirsty! Unfortunately nobody would take our order. The scantily clad cocktail waitresses buzzed around us and even stood near the end of the bar chatting for several minutes. We waited, waited, said we would give them 5 more minutes. And still nothing. So we stood up and walked out. Probably won't be back.
2	BOTTOM LINE:  Three floors of cocktail lounge serving high priced libations that clock in between $12 and $18 all under the umbrella, literally, of a beaded curtain to resemble a giant crystal chandelier. This is Las Vegas, after all.Our  first reaction of "isn't this cool" when we first saw the Chandelier Bar changed to "we won't come back here" as a result of experince with poor cocktail quality and service on the second floor. We're glad we went to check out The Chandelier Bar since it had so much buzz. It was worth a single visit. But overall, for a very good cocktail at The Cosmo with good service and a choose your own table seating format, we'd recommend the Vesper Bar in the lobby.  For a great cocktail with stellar service and views, although at a bit higher prices, we think you'd be much better off walking over to the Mandarin Oriental and the cocktail lounge there. Different strokes for different folks.  Fortunately  Las Vegas has a plethora of good cocktail bar options. The Chandelier isn't one of them."ISN'T THIS COOL" elements:1 ENGINEERING INTEREST: . The top two floors of Chandelier bar are enclosed in drapes of literally a couple of million crystal beads. (See close up photo.) Even for those who are of the age to have seen many, many crystal beaded curtains when they were the thing during our college years, this tops them all. What most amazed me as design and engineering is that one of the friendly security staff said he was working the week this was erected and they came in and placed each segment perfectly, not needing to take down and redo even one. 2, EACH FLOOR UNIQUE: You may want to browse all three levels of the Chandelier before you settle in and order something. Whether you use the interior glass surrounded staircase to navigate between levels or the glass enclosed elevator that is just outside the bar. Each floor has its' own specialty cocktail menu and its' own vibe. The first floor, adjacent to the casino gaming area is open, bright if that's what appeals to you. The second floor is more dark with the sense of being enveloped by the crystal strands. (This eems the "see and be seen" spot. ) The third floor seems more intimate for folks having, ummm,  conversations. 3. MIX OF PEOPLE: Maybe it's because we were at Chandelier bar at mid week or  because it was an earlier hour of about 8 pm, but neither the second nor third floor bars had many people in them. And if f you're intimidated about trying these locations due to the buzz about The Cosmopolitan in general  and in particular this bar being the gathering place for only young, beautiful hard body types, don't be. Speaking from our experience throughout the Cosmo and at this bar too, there was mix of folks of all ages and styles.  "WE WON'T COME BACK HERE" elements.1. POOR QUALITY PRICEY COCKTAILS: the ones we ordered at the second floor bar were expensive (about $14 for a Manhattan as example) and not very good. Hubby dubbed his Manhattan one of the worst ever in thirty years of enjoying the same.  Served too warm and too much vermouth.2.  POOR SERVICE:  I wanted an Irish Coffee but was told there was no coffee "at this level" and the option suggested to me was Bailey's Irish Creme served up as it was "basically the same" said the waitress. That's not even close was my reply. Well, she said, we could send a runner to another floor for coffee "...if you insist but it will be cold when it gets here."  As a result, , I ordered a second floor specialty drink, a "Campfire" that was served with three charred marshmallows across the top. My bad. So was the drink. We didn't finish either cocktail. They were simply huge, alcohol bombs. From our perspective, a good cocktail is about finesse. Not here. As aside,I'll say the poor service here stood out as sub par because our experience over a couple of days at The Cosmo's other facilities was that staff was uber friendly staff and helpful.. 3. SNOOTY SEATING: Another tun off for us about the Chandelier's second floor was the seating hostess set up as you entered to guide you to a table. In our case, although the place was nearly empty, we were walked to a bad table in a dark corner. When we said we'd prefer to sit in the middle of the little occupied room, we were escorted there. We were nicely dressed, but still perhaps not the age demographic the Chandelier Bar is trying to encourage? Regardless, being offered one of the worst tables in the nearly empty place didn't start us out feeling good about the experience.
3	This is a three-story bar enveloped in strands of crystal.  It's definitely the hallmark bar of the Cosmo, and they show it off appropriately as a centerpiece of the property.Once you get over the beauty and design, you realize that the bar itself isn't so great.  The service was slow, and we could see the waitresses in the little back area just hanging out and talking at some points while we sat there drinkless.  The prices are pretty standard for a high-end place like this in Vegas - about $15 per drink.  They did have jalapeno olives which were pretty delicious in our martinis.Five stars just for the design and look of the place.  Minus two stars for service.
5	I was here with a friend last week, and just loved this place! What a great idea this was to design a place like this. The service is great, and the drinks are wonderful. I will definetly be back!
5	This place was awesome!  This is the type of place that makes you feel cooler just by entering it.  Imagine being inside of a chandelier made of a million crystals.  If only all bars could be like this.Not only is the interior of the bar awesome, so are their specialty cocktails.  I got the Campfire Delight--- It was like a chocolate martini, but then they took 3 marshmallows, set them on fire and then put them out by dipping them in the drink.  It gave the drink a very smoky taste!  Maybe the most unusual drink ever!  And prices aren't any higher than any other bar in Vegas.  In addition, the bartenders were great.  The bartender was closing down his station when we sat down at that part of the bar.  We would have been perfectly OK going to another part of the bar to order, but he was nice enough to reopen for us.  He also chatted with us while he closed down for the night.  This probably isn't a place that you would want to spend an entire evening.  I would recommend it as a last drink of the night before hobbling off to bed or a great place for a Bachelorette party to start their evening.
4	Went to Chandelier twice during my weekend stay in Vegas, but really only remember one time (stone drunk the other time...and that's before I even got there). The bar is absolutely gorgeous, with two and a half floors of lounge and bar space. I say 2.5, because apparently the first floor and second floor are "not as cool" as floor 1.5 (you need to use the stairs to access this floor). Lots of talent, great drinks, and a great place to people watch in Vegas. Especially if you cannot get into Marquee, Chandelier is a great second option, not just inside Cosmo but in all of Vegas!
4	The whole hotel complex is a fresh breath of modern in Vegas, even people strolling around look better here! J/k qChandelier is nice to hang around at, you dont even need to order there, we got some icecream from a nearby place and ate it there. Refreshing and nice, plan to spend some time there.
4	It's my second review of another cool place @ Cosmopolitan_LVtoday (see my review of The Boulevard Pool below ;). The Chandelier lives up to it's name because it is essentially THE Chandelier. It's a lounge inside a giant chandelier.A three story lounge with a bar at the bottom all enclosed in glittery and sparkling crystals. Plenty of seating from top to bottom and I think it's really cool that folks get to sit in cushy bright seating and be surrounded by all these cool crystal decor. It is quite a sight to see. There are stairs from the first floor to the top floor as well as elevator and it's just amazing to see the long chandelier draped down. I saw all of these folks stop and take pictures with the chandelier crystals.I had dinner plans later that night so I did not get to try any food or drinks & just stopped by quickly to see what this pretty place  was and so this review is primarily off the cool decor and feel of the place. I was amazed by the amazing architecture of this place. I feel like this place is what Vegas is all about - glitz, glamour and bling bling.
4	Obviously by previous reviews you are away that the Chandelier is beautiful and I will agree whole-heartedly.  Being surrounded by crystals is amazing.  However, I will add that the cocktails are great.  I love bars with specialty cocktails, I think it really shows that the bar is willing to put itself out there.  People can be uncomfortable with things they don't know, so specialty cocktails can be risky.  I like anything with ginger booze; it is my new favorite, so I was exciting about my cocktail. Yes, it is a little bit pricey, but its Vegas and it is pretty comparable with most of the other bars in the area.  If you are with a group that value ambiance this place will impress, the ambiance here is one of the best I have seen in casino bars.
3	A bar/lounge located inside the cosmo hotel, and just next to Marquee.Lots of Chandeliers surrounding this area.Lots of chairs and sofas to chill and sit at.Drink prices a little high at around $13 per special drink.Great place to sit and people watch.Can't fit a large group of people.
5	Came here for drinks and ended up staying almost the whole night.  First off, the Cosmoplitan is where its at!!!  Upon even entering the place is gorgeous, packed and when approaching the Chandelier lounge, the place looks awesome.  We had a friend who was serving us from Chicago so I may be a bit biased.  All the tables were taken but our friend got us a seat right away, but upon the looks of it, people around us or who came into the lounge were accommodated right away.  Drinks were stiff, service was great and people watching was even better.  I recommend this spot for people looking for more of a low key night where it isnt blazing techno and top 40 hits with people fist pumping or to start the night off before you get crazy.
4	Take the elevator to Floor 1.5 and be whisked away to a glamorous sparkling lounge located inside the Cosmopolitan's chandelier. I really loved the elegant ambience, lounging in plush seats surrounded by drapes made of glistening gems and pink light. It's a great place to chill with friends or on a date! A must-try is the FIRE BREATHING DRAGON - a cocktail composed of Bacardi Dragonberry, raspberry puree, lemongrass, and Thai chili syrup with a peppercorn rim. Sweet and spicy -- so delicious! But the awesome part of this drink is... it also comes with a shotglass of 4 liquid nitrogen-infused raspberries that you eat all at once before the drink! I was a little confused when ordered to do so by our bartender but once I did, wowowow! Smoke was pouring out of my nose and mouth! No wonder the drink is called the "fire breathing dragon"! It was hilarious and a pretty fun experience! I totally recommend trying this drink for kicks!Service was good but it took us a while to get a table, and even when my bf and I finally got one, they kept moving us as well as some other people around to different tables to accommodate to larger parties.
5	We stayed at the cosmo for my first time in vegas, and I would not trade my experience for the world. I am SO happy we chose the Cosmo.Chandelier bar is 3 stories high, you feel like you're actually in a chandelier, it's all sparkly and trendy. Waitresses are very helpful with what you should order. You MUST get the fire breathing dragon martini!!! Bacardi Dragonberry, raspberry puree, lemongrass, and Thai chili syrup with a peppercorn rim. Initially I got it because I love Dragonberry. But surprise! The reason they call it fire breathing is the waitress brings out rasperries that are frozen like dry ice in a small cup, so she makes you toss it in your mouth and exhale so it makes it look like smoke is coming from your mouth! Peppercorn rim is weird? but the experience was awesome.A lot of seating area.
5	Got here before the rush started on Friday evening with a couple of drinks.  I'm not gonna lie though, the drinks itself weren't too bad either.  The decor and atmosphere were simply wonderful to look at.  It really is a huge chandelier and it really is beautiful.That said, the service was about as expected, and the girls were nice and thoughtful and offered a bunch of suggestions to help our group out.  Overall, I'd definitely go back.
5	Very trendy, really loud and fun
5	SEXY, stylish and FUN... I'm not going to rave on and on, you just need to go and experience this bar.  The staff is friendly, the drinks are awesome and the sparkling ambiance is so freaking cool.  Where else do you become the center piece of a chandelier?  Check out the 3 story bar in the center, its absolutely stunning.
5	Awesome place to keep drinking and hang out with a group of friends!This is like a 3 level bar, and each bar has it's own separate menu. The second floor is the best, not only because of their menu, but also because Heather, the best server there, works that floor! She took care of me and my boys, and made sure we had a great time! She suggested a ginger margarita that's on their SUPER SECRET menu called the Verbana that blew our minds! Definitely try this drink out, and I highly suggest starting off with it, rather than getting it a couple drinks in. So, for $11 you get the drink, and what makes it special is this flower bud that you eat and it changes everything that goes on! After chewing the bud, it's like an explosion of fireworks and novacaine going on in your mouth!  That whole experience lasts about 10 minutes and is definitely worth multiple flints rounds. Thanks for suggesting this, Heather!Aside from that, the Old Fashioned, their martinis, and the Fire Breathing dragon, were all very good! The bartenders pour generously and are really friendly!There's ton of seating here, and it's close to Marquee. Great for people watching and pretty much just having a great time! Will definitely be back for the ambience, but more importantly, the Verbana!
5	big ass chandelier!!!!!
4	I loved the decor!!!! If I had the money I would love for my closet to look like this place, that's right 3 levels with crystals draping everywhere! The idea sounds gaudy but the finished project is breath taking. This bar had 3 levels and each level had it's own set of specialty drinks. You could order another levels drinks if you were on that level which is fine by me because it gave you a reason to just keep going up! My first drink was a mojito and it was pretty standard goodness. We then venture to the 2nd level and I had the Fire Breathing Dragon. The drink is a cool drink and I would recommend ordering it at least once. I don't like cinnamon or red hots and that is pretty much what this drink is about but the raspberry that is freeze dried is pretty cool especially when you are blowing smoke out of your mouth. We did get to the third level but I was done drinking but definitely next time! This is a great place to start a bachelorette party!
5	A gorgeous three story bar to spend the night drinking and mingling in. We started on the top story and worked our way down. It got kind of busy after 1:30. I'm guessing whoever couldn't get into Marquee decided to drink at Chandelier instead. The crowd was awesome. No getting hassled or pushed around which always seems to be an issue when your dealing with people over drinking. Most people were well dressed and the guys were actually gentlemen. Beautiful decor. I couldn't stop staring at the sparkly crystals. Very pretty! Lots of areas to lounge in which is a plus when your wearing heels. A must when visiting Vegas!
5	Sage 75 drink is amazing! Try it!With that being said this glamorous bar located in the center of The Cosmopolitan is a sparkly masterpiece. It is just plush and classy, there's no denying that. Are the drinks overpriced? Yes, absolutely. But if you're going here and expecting cheap drinks something is wrong with you.The only downgrade to this bar is the large amount of tourists that flock to it and seriously some of them are straight up rude. But the bartenders here take it in stride. And the best part is, these bartenders know what they're doing - I've never had a bad drink at Chandelier. Thank you Cosmo, this one is a knockout.
4	I loved my libertine cocktail. Really beautiful bar. Average upscale vegas prices. Servers were quick
4	This is a really pretty place that is multiple levels. I didnt get a chance to try any of their drinks, but its definitely a nice place to lounge in. I cant wait until I go back to Vegas so I can re-visit and have some drinks.
4	You have to see this place! I can't even describe it with words, or take enough pictures to give you an idea of what it looks like... A 3 story bar surrounded by a chandelier. I felt like a kid when I was in there! Drinks are silly expensive, but this is definitely at the top of the list of cool bars/ things to see while in Vegas.
4	I first came to The Cosmopolitan in December 2010. Along with Aria, these were the two hotels that were new to me since I'm a San Diego native and go to Vegas at least once every year. When I first walked into The Cosmo I couldn't help but notice The Chandelier. It was beautiful. It was such a nice and classy ambiance. I felt like I needed to dress up in a nice cocktail dress to even be inside the hotel.
4	My favorite bar in Vegas!!! We had a Campfire Delight...a chocolate martini with a graham cracker rim and 3 toasted marshmallows!!! Delicious....The husband had a Verbina...you eat a flower that makes your whole mouth go numb...not my fav, but he loved it...I dont understand people who say that the drinks are too expensive, they are normal to what Vegas prices are and they make everything!!! If you havent yet please go!!
4	This place was a lot of fun!-Live band was fun-3 floors of bars-Staff was super nice-Drinks are Amazing!-Drinks are not expensive-Good place to hang out and just have fun!You have to try their mix drinks! They have a menu of them and they are really good!!
5	Try a Verbena.
5	GORGEOUS gorgeous bar located right in the heart of the Cosmopolitan.Great spot to hang out at & watch the club goers heading in & stumbling out several hours later.  Plenty of plush, comfy couches & chairs to lounge on & a nice list of signature mixed drinks.Can be a little noisy because it's right near the entrance to hotel & in the middle of the casino area...so it's a major walkway for tourists & guests.  Don't be a bum - dress to impress for this bar.
5	We stood by; myself, husband and bff, with our drinks and shots while our friends held our spot in line."Hey D! Don't give me those dagger eyes from the hotel guest line! Cheer up. I'll have a drink for you."We got in and z-lined our way out just in time to pass our key cards and walk into the Club.
5	Unlike anything I've ever seen. I highly recommend grabbing a drink and taking a few pictures here. Would be an good pre-game spot.Drinks were a lil expensive...
5	The location itself is beautiful.  Even before I was gone on drinks I could stare at the chandelier above the bar area for hours.  The seats are plush and the bar area itself extremely comfortable.  The selection is expensive, but that's a given in Vegas.  Service was super prompt at the bar area.  The bartender was nice enough to check in on me once I was getting lush.  The drinks are strong.  My lemon drop felt like 3 martinis in one glass.  Good thing I had just enough memory to order some water, pay my tab, and tip my bartender before I staggered down to the casino floor.  No doubt this is a fancy bar/lounge area.  It's a nice spot to wind down after too much gambling or to ramp your self up to start a long night in Vegas.  The location is also prime to explore the other parts of the Cosmopolitan.
4	This high concept bar is an interesting place to have a drink. And the Cosmopolitan is a fun hotel with neat decor - worth a visit whether you are staying in the hotel or not.This pretty, sparkly bar has numerous conversation groups that are perfect for drinks with a group of friends. Smaller cocktail tables accomodate groups of two or four.I thought the place would be packed and wasn't looking forward to the idea of standing in line for a drink. But I was completely wrong. There was no line and plenty of places to sit.Our waitress was friendly and did that thing (which I don't like) where she sat with us to take our drink orders. After our first round, she brought us freeze dried raspberries that when put in our warm , wet mouths, generated a trail of smoke from our mouths. Not very tasty, but interesting.
5	A small update:  I came back here last weekend, and decided to see if my hunch on this place was correct, so I ordered another Black Russian.  It still tastes great, and man I don't remember anything after that.  Still great!
5	Love this bar.  It's a 3-story bar set in the heart of the Cosmopolitan.  I'm sure most of you folks have seen the pictures, so I"ll just get to it.The 2nd floor is my favorite because it's the most secluded, it's completely encased in crystals, and it has the best drinks!  My bartender on the 2nd floor (Billy) was cute and super friendly.  My friend and I asked him to make us some tasty drinks, and he came up with some delectable concoctions.  Also, when I asked for iced shots of Patron, he hooked us up with GIANT delicious iced shots of Patron that had something like lime juice mixed in that made it extra tasty.  Unfortunately, the same cannot be said of the bartenders on the first floor - they didn't chill the Patron for us and they just served us the standard sizes, which was a bummer.  They also weren't as chatty/friendly/cool as BIlly, but oh well.  You can stand by the bar if you're ready for a good time, or you can sit at one of their many tables/chairs if you want more of a relaxing night.  Overall, it's a gorgeous venue for a good time in Vegas.
3	Let me start off by saying that the drinks were fantastic. Very creative and fun. However, the service was not great. I was there on a Saturday night (granted, it was after Fight Night and it was pretty busy). The bartenders told us to take a seat if we could find one and wait for a waitress, so we did. The waitress took the orders of the ladies sitting next to us who sat down at the same time, but did not take our order for another 20 minutes. Also, the DJ that night was pretty terrible. Overall, the drinks were worth the trip, but the rest needs a lot of work.
5	Best martinis on the stripbest bar on the strip. As the name implies you feel like you are sitting in the middle of a giant chandelier. Great unique martinis....try the campfire with flaming marshmallows!And the people watching is great!
5	Had quick drink before we went into Marquee. This place is beautiful. I recommend just sitting down having a drink here, while yoou wait for your party cause we all know Marquee is crazy in front.
4	My only complaint, truly, was that I found it to be a bit loud and so, once we moved to a sofa seating arrangement, I had a hard time hearing my friends who were sitting across from me. The music was great, just a tad too much on the side of I-am-not-involved-in-the-convo-because-I-have-no-idea-what-the-convo-is.All things considered, however, it was fairly minor. At the bar, it wasn't as bad. Maybe that's the key? OK, got that bad news out of the way? Great, moving on.We visited level 1.5 twice in one night... I am not sure what that tells you, but I can think of a few things. ;)The service was superb (thanks, Brandy!), the drinks were strong (loved the slightly sweet, slightly bitter London Summer and the sweet margarita shot), and the other patrons were awesome. This level envelopes you in the chandelier idea and it's easy to forget  - supported by the amazing service and beautiful draped lighting - that you are in a casino. If I looked carefully (i.e. focused on what was outside the decor) then I could look down to the casino floor and see the clanging slot machines as a reminder (I couldn't hear them, big plus). I also love that the chandelier concept is layered... you can (whether or not you should is another story) thread your hands through the layers of strings that make this wonderful facade. It's just another detail to love, I think.The layout is easy to navigate from level to level, seating is comfortable, amenities (read: restrooms and such) are easy to find, and the elevator as you move up and down the casino floors is fun to people watch from (and, to be fair, in).Definitely on my "let's hang out here" list. We drank well, smiled and laughed much, and generally had a fantastic time. Totally repeatable... often.
4	Went during a recent trip to Vegas and had a great experience. Although it is just a bar in the middle of the hotel/casino that staff was really nice. We ended up staying there for about 3 hours just chatting with the bartenders and learning about all the different kinds of liquor they served. Great experience  :)
4	Gorgeous spot.Not gonna lie, girls love this place.  Crystals and bling everywhere, but in a modern, classy way!  It feels like you're inside a big chandelier.  The main floor is located between the 1st and 2nd floor, yes it does sound a bit weird but it's there.  There are several tables and couches but it does get packed if you're not there early.  Bar is circular so there's quite a bit of room but when it is packed, it takes awhile for the bartender to see you.  There's also a small area on both the first floor and the 3rd.  The 3rd floor is the best area if you want to people watch since it's right next to Marquee.  Watch out for the stairs as it can be a bit dangerous... especially after you've had a bit to drink haha.The drinks are Vegas price so expect $12-15 for any drinks.  Not the friendliest spot for your wallet. For top shelf, it can be close to around $20 as well!I've never sat down at a table since I've always went straight to the bar because I prefer to get to know a bartender, but definitely would not mind sitting and enjoying Chandelier for my next visit!
5	Madame curry! I love innovative cocktails and chandelier doesn't disappoint. Thanks again to the cosmopolitan for a fab start to a Vegas wkend!
3	Pretty, but very limited seating.  Music was okay, but it wasn't so fun to be there.  People seemed sort of bored, or too cool to have fun.
3	If you don't want to go clubbing but enjoying watching clubbers stand in line, this bar is for you!Location-- Awesome, right inside a chandelier which makes it easy to people watch.Drinks- great for lightweights because they don't put a lot of alcohol in it. Average drink price was $10-15.Waitress gave us one of the beers on the house, thanks!
2	After hearing how beautiful this bar is, my husband and I stopped by for a pre-dinner cocktail on the second level of the bar.  It really is gorgeous (in a very feminine and sparkly kind of way) and our server was surprisingly attentive given how packed it was, but the drinks were really disappointing, especially given the $13 price point.  I had the red dragon martini, and I can only characterize it as sickeningly sweet and devoid of alcohol - sort of like a Welsh's frozen juice pop, but with a strange peppery substance coating the rim of the glass.
5	AMAZING! I LOVE all the hard work this must have taken to put together. This is my fav lounge in the world at the moment. Lots of specialty drinks that will blow your head off that everyone is talking about. The wait staff are the coolest. Extremely friendly and helpful without the ho hum typical vegas service smile. :)
5	Wow another great trip to this bar!!! We went to the first level on this trip and had my new favorite cocktail....the Thai me up!!!Its made with a Thai basil syrup and chili infused vodka....so good!!!
5	I love this bar!!!!It is located in the newest edition to the strip, the Cosmopolitan hotel. It is so beautiful in this place!! There is excitement on every floor.The bar can be considered an open air bar. The only thing that covers it is a GINORMOUS chandelier that is absolutely breathtaking. The bar has 2 floors and has very trendy decor. The drinks are expensive and there is a lot of seating but you'll still see people standing and socializing. If you are able to get a seat, a server will deliver you drinks, food, etc. This place is not dimly lit but it isn't very bright either. I don't remember there being any loud music here. I actually can't tell you if there was any music at all. All I remember is loud chatter. There's no dancing going on here--You might wanna check out the bar on the first floor if you're trying to dance at a bar! Our plan was to chill here before we went to Marquee Nightclub but we didn't make it there. We had such a good time here and decided to stay. I was so surprised at how much fun it was.. Definitely visit this place if you're looking for a chill time in Vegas. There were a lot of sugar daddies here who kept the drinks flowing all night!!
5	This place is incredble.  The drinks are expensive, but you're drinking inside a giant crystal chandelier, so what do you expect?  It's inside the Cosmopolitan hotel, and their signature Cosmo martini is made with Hangar One orange blossom vodka (instead of citrus) and white cranberry juice.  They're fantastic, I had several on our trip.  The bartenders are friendly and funny.  The bar is spread over 3 levels, and you just can't imagine the walls of crystal beads that decorate each level.  It's really a fun bar.
3	Really pretty bar. Service was okay. They don't put much alcohol for the price you are paying. Usually it takes 1 martini & I really feel it, not the case here. Not the best Dirty Martini I have ever had by no means. One of those places you visit once and not eager to get back to.
4	The Cosmopolitan's Chandelier bar, located in the middle of the casino and surrounded by two million crystal beads, is our second-favorite mixology spot in Vegas. It serves up internationally-themed drinks on its ground floor, where you can find the Madame Curry (a pan-asian twist on a classic margarita that blends mango, Chinese five spice and curry) or the Spiced Apple Jack (Applejack, sour yuzu, rosemary-infused simple syrup and a balsamic reduction). Its second floor offers a completely different menu with a number of "girly drinks" that rely on lavender syrup, violet sugar, chamomile and elderflower as flavors.Our favorite area of the Chandelier is its "secret" 1 1/2 floor bar located between its two other bars that brings you inside this giant chandelier.Here, its mixologists dabble in molecular mixology and create wow drinks like the Fire Breathing Dragon. This brew uses Bacardi Dragon Berry, lemongrass and Thai chili syrup in its mix, but before you can drink it you are given a shot glass containing freeze-dried dehydrated raspberries you have to pop in your mouth. When you do so and breathe out, a plume of white smoke erupts from your your lips,  creating a neat effect and a fun photo opportunity, while the raspberries melt in your mouth and prepare to intertwine their sweet flavors with the rest of your drink.Another fun specialty drink they offer is the Campfire Delight, which tastes like a liquid version of S'mores that's made with Van Gogh Dutch Chocolate vodka and Mozart Dark Chocolate liqueur, and topped with a skewer of flaming marshmallows. Delicious and nostalgic!It should be noted that these fancy drinks tend to be a little bit more expensive than a shot or a bottle of beer, and are typically in the $13 to $15 price range, but are well worth it if you want to experience something new and unique, and are tired of ordering a rum and Coke. These drinks also take a bit of time to make, so do make sure to tip your craft mixologist $2 to $3 per drink, as a thank you for their genius and passion.
5	Last Wed night was my second time to the Chandelier. I would have to say that it is one of the seven wonders of Vegas. Its an awesome place to kickoff the evening!This time I was served by the most amazing bartender I met in Vegas... Lindsay from Oregon! There were too many yum martinis to choose from so I consulted her and she recommended the Fire Breathing Dragon martini and another that were both fabulous. She then proceeded to kick my ass with some secret orange flavored cocktail. That was enough to launch me over to Planet Hollywood across the street.Thanks again Lindsay! Hope to see you next time. :)
4	Definitely a nice spot to just kick back and have a few cocktails, and after its up to the 3rd floor for the amazing white pizza :)
4	This place is TOO DAMN BEAUTIFUL FOR WORDS.  Three levels of sparkle and fun!  The bottom of the bar has live music, but as you work your way up, it is more lounge like.  I had a drink called the Misty Rose.  I know it had gin and rose syrup in it, which was so nice and refreshing.  This place literally had a ton of martinis and drinks to choose from!  The bartenders can also make really good suggestions to you based on what you like to drink!
4	Cool place to relax and have a drink. Comfortable couches. The 2 story chandelier really has to be seen to be believed. The whole bar sparkles, which my girlfriend loved. If you bring your Identity Card you can get points at the hotel. Not really too much going on during the day and a TV or two would have been nice, but it's a cool place I'll come back to next time I'm at the Cosmopolitan.
5	My husband and I stopped by here on our walk down the strip (had seen it on TV) to get a cocktail, it was about noon.  Our bartender, Jake, was awesome.  He made great drinks, I had margaritas and my husband had an old fashion and a manhattan.  We ended up staying most of the afternoon.  Great bar conversation, great people watching.  It is a bit pricey, but as they say "this is Vegas" after all.  We expected that.  Go see Jake, he is cute, makes great drinks and great conversation.  This will definitely be a regular stop when we are in Vegas a couple times a year.
4	Absolutely gorgeous place.  We came back to gawk at the place again after our first night here.  We had Cosmos in honor of being in the Cosmo in Vegas.  The drink seemed to be an offbeat version of the original cocktail, but excellent nevertheless.  The ambience was great.  I'm bummed we were limited on time at this place or else I'm sure  we would've stuck around for a couple of hours before painting the town red.  I will be back!
2	This place was ok. I was with great friends on a birthday outing, so we could've been anywhere to have a fab time (and we did sample a few places that night). We had a good time by virtue of being the fun girlies we are, but I won't go out of my way to return to this particular bar.  I will, however, return to the Cosmo just for the secret pizza place...it's unmarked down a long dark hallway and has awesome pizza AND an old-timey arcade game and pinball machines. Sorry...did I digress? That's how interesting the Chandelier Bar was to me.It's a multi-level bar with decent bartending (in fact, the barkeeps did present a touch of class to the place). The chandelier over the liquor bottles  was kinda pretty, but the plastic "chandelier" that draped from floor to ceiling...meh. Was pretty tacky looking, actually...reminded me of a giant version of the Mardi Gras beads you get for showing your boobies. Maybe they were going for Diva but got closer to Dive-y. I know it's Vegas, but there are plenty of less tacky places to hang. It felt very dated and old-fashioned. Dated can be good if there's at least a pinch of glam, but the obviously plastic almost-shimmer fell short of that pinch. Call me a snob, but it felt good to leave the verging-on-suffocatingly naff decor.
5	This was our first trip on what was gonna be a very packed work/fun trip to Vegas.  Our flight got in late so we decided that The Chandelier was gonna be our stop for the night.  The Cosmopolitan is a really beautiful hotel.  I thought just walking through the place was pretty cool.  I want to go back and try their other bars too - they all looked very chic and trendy, but completely different from eachother.  The Chandelier was amazing though - frienly servers, good drinks - fair prices.  I really expected to pay alot more than we did for a round of drinks.  It is a really beautiful place where you will see some of the beautiful people in Vegas.  I'm adding it to the list of places I MUST go when I'm in Vegas.
3	Beautiful bar and lounge with 3 levels of huge beautiful crystal chandelier in the middle. there is a glass elevator to use, stairs lead to all 3 levels and hotel.First floor is right in the middle of the casino, which is so loud and too much smoke, second level is the best, right in the middle of everything, quiet and intimate. Third level is next to east tower, one main bar and one side bar. This place was so packed the past weekend, because of the big fight? everybody went there to hang out or what? no places to seat, too many tipsy people. There is no waitresses during the day, order drinks from the bar only, $12-14 a drink which is inexpensive at this hotel. I tried a few, they were really good. and I also asked a bartender to mix me something, he did a good job. Because of the crazy crowd, we didn't spend much time there, mostly just ordered cocktails and brought back to our suite. It is actually a good place if its not so crowded, with enough waitresses, its nice to have a few drinks there, and take photos next to the beautiful chandelier. So better to go there on weekday nights, find a seat on second level.
3	Pricey drinks but worth it! Waitress was actually quick, which we were surprised because it was packed. We stuck with Saphire tonics and grey goose tonics and they were good...kinda hard to eff that up though. When I come back to vegas this is going to be my go to spot. One of the best lounges in vegas by far.
5	I hung out on floor 1.5 earlier this year and had an amazing cocktail (forget the name) that had a foam on top. I mentioned to the waitress that I really enjoyed it, she recommended trying The Libertine on the first floor. Unfortunately, I didn't have a chance to order that drink during that trip.Six or so months later, I still remembered the name of the drink and made sure to return and taste it. The drink did not disappoint, it was amazing. The bartenders were friendly and helpful and the drinks, although pricey, are amazingly crafted and delicious. The fact that you're having a cocktail inside a chandelier just makes it that much more amazing. It's a must see if you're in Las Vegas!
4	It is a good place for having a drink while you enjoy the decor. It is not too loud and the drinks are a bit expensive, but it worth it!
2	This bar is stunning.  The chandelier decor, the seating - all so pretty.Unfortunately this is where my praise ends.  My best friend and I sat at the bar and were helped by a bartender with the "I'm helping you; you're not helping me" attitude.  Snooty, not even a smile or attempt at a warm greeting.  His nose was literally up in the air.  Then his fellow bartender came along to try to persuade him to open a bar with him - all in front of us!  Then we were graced by the presence of one of the waitresses, who proceeded to pass us while looking us up and down.  Of course, the usual - no smile or welcoming greeting.  For the FIRST TIME EVER we gave absolutely no tip to express our complete dissatisfaction.  We then went to the adjacent wine store and when the associate asked us how we were doing, my friend told him just how awful our service was.  He was extremely apologetic and suggested we go to a bartender that was on the outskirts of the bar.  Too bad our first experience with this bar wasn't with him (unfortunately forgot his name or I would mention it here).Total waste of a gorgeous bar.
5	Visually stunning with ample seating for small and large groups.  Perfect place to people watch. Suggest staying away from the bar itself and relaxing on on of their couches. Pleasantly surprised by the variety of bottled craft beers for $7 each. Service was attentive and prompt. Will revisit when back in Las Vegas.
4	love the interior of this place!!like the name chandelier is the theme for this bar!!seats are nice and comfy workers are friendly too!!
4	Just to see the bling bling, you can check out this place. The luminous beaded curtain of light, the chandeliers, they are gorgeous and spectacular to look at ....  I heard that their chandelier is made up of over a 2 million beads, omg.. I want to say it is an impressive spot to grab one or or two cocktails on you night out :)I have tried a couple of cocktails and they were pretty decent.  They have a variety of  fruity cocktails..I have tried "blue Grass Shuffle (Maker's 46, Egg White, Orange Bitters, & Blueberry Preserves)' and "The Butterfly (Hangar One mandarin Blossom, Aperol mango, Strawberry Puree, & Yuzu Sour)"  I really enjoyed both my cocktails on rainy day. It had really brighten up my day!  The bar can be very crowded at times and hard to move around in on weekends, though.  But for anyone in Vegas, this has to be on your list of places to must visit.  Check out the vibrant and beautiful chandeliers.Wow, only in Las Vegas!!!
5	The Chandelier is actually a very beautiful and very elegant lounge/bar that is located inside the massive, real chandelier that drapes several levels inside of the Cosmopolitan hotel.It is definitely a place to see and be seen so it is fun to people watch and meet other singles.  You definitely want to dress it up.There are technically three levels to The Chandelier, with one of those levels being the "secret room" that others on Yelp have mentioned.  The "secret room" level is only open on Fridays and Saturdays.  If you are craving that Fire Breathing Dragon drink other people are raving about you will have to go to this level and only on Fridays and Saturdays can you order that drink.The top floor of the Chandelier is really the main floor and is the one open when the other levels are not.  Their cocktail menu is what they describe as more "dessert" drinks meaning sweeter.  Of course you can always order your favorite stand-by drink as the liquor selection is plenty.  Being the fact that these bartenders are mixologists I agree that you should tip $2-3 per drink instead of the typical $1 per drink.
5	Chandelier is quite possibly my favorite bar ever.  I feel silly even writing about it because one look at any photo of this multiple-storied bar, you'll know why.  It's gorgeous.  If you like sparkles the way I do -- it's mesmerizing. As my friend put it, it's a lot like the dream masquerade ball in the Labyrinth.What's especially great is being served exquisite cocktails while seated in extremely comfortable leather chairs near the bar, surrounded by strung crystals. Also, each level of this bar specializes in a whole page of different specialty cocktails. It's because of this bar that I want to stay in the Cosmo next time I am in Vegas.
5	This bar is great to go have some drinks before heading over to Marquee. I always get a Cosmopolitan (I mean what else would I get, since I'm at the Cosmopolitan hotel?) Drinks aren't the cheapest, but that's what I expect from any bar in Vegas. They don't skimp on alcohol there either. The bar tenders are also friendly. It can get busy on the weekends, but there is usually somewhere to sit on one of the three different levels.
3	Do not come here on a slow weekday! They close off the 2nd and 3rd floor bars/lounge. I wanted to order the specialty drinks like the fire breathing dragon? but they didn't even offer these drinks at the bar on the first floor. It wasn't very busy so seats were aplenty but the decor isn't as nice as the 2nd floor lounge. We ordered simple mixed drinks and they weren't too great. Paying $12 per subpar drink is crappy... definitely make sure the whole lounge is open before coming here.
4	Very cool bar with different specialty cocktails on each of the three levels of the bar. I wish the rest of the property was nicer and more interesting, but at least they have a good bar.The drinks are not cheap, but the quality of the mixology is very good. Don't come here and get simple drinks, they are not worth it, and a waste of time and money. Order some of the strange drinks off the menu, that's the point :)
4	Don't be intimidated by its looks. This place def gives off the vibe, "Oh you fancy huh??". The atmosphere is very classy and fancy, but the drinks are decently priced. You get a sense of Sex and the City when you're hanging out there with your girlfriends before heading over to Marquee Nightclub. Oh, did I mention?? The drinks are pretty strong so it gets you going =)). The service is amazing and everyone is very friendly. They make sure that everything is alright at your table but in a way where it's not too excessive or annoying.
5	Interesting bar, good drinks, friendly staff, yada, yada, yada, blah, blah, blah....However, when you are down to your last few dollars after some jackass at the blackjack table hits on an 18, go to this bar and order the drink with the flower in it.  I don't remember what it is called and it isn't on the menu but it will BLOW YOUR MIND!  Seriously, just do it.  It's the most unique $11 experience you will have, ever.
1	I wouldn't recommend the chandelier.  The place is crap.  The drinks are too sweet and cough-syrup awful.  The sage 75 drink is a $12 glass of maraschino cherry juice. The service is worse.  There are better places to go in Vegas.  Don't waste your time here.
5	Wow.I mean W-O-W.Drinking in a chandelier can be pretty dangerous if you are not doing it right. It's also best done with as few people as possible 'cause you never know - you may crash in a loud bang at any given minute, and I am not talking about the "alcohol-suddenly-rushing-to-your-head" crash.I am talking about the one that hurts and potentially kills you, "The War of the Roses" style. (The movie, not the actual English civil war.)Vegas makes it effortless as you would imagine. You are trapped inside a gigantic prison of sparkling crystal, and you are free to choose your floor and the poison that goes with it. Yes sir - drinks are different on each level of the bar but one thing is for sure: they are all delicious.I started on the top level with Well Heeled combining Hanger One blueberry, ginger syrup, pink grapefruit juice, chamomile tea, St Germain and blueberry preserves. Delicious, but the winner of the night was to be found on the first level under "Libertine". A wonderful concoction of Makers 46, rosemary simple syrup, orange marmalade and maple syrup foam. Sounds sweet and obnoxious; was not. Great balance of smoky, sweet and sour, one of the best drinks I have ever put my lips on. If you are in for the show - the place is pretty interesting for people watching as well. I'll leave it at that. Not to be missed when you are in town. The best part? It's not even that pricey: most drinks have a $12 mark.
5	Pretty awesome layout. The drinks were great.
5	Conveniently located by Marquee, we checked out the Chandelier Bar to see what all the hype is about....I gotta say...it's HELLA pretty. A gay's haven...this place leaves no place for ugliness | tackiness. It's like an orgasm to one's eyes.Review to be continued....
5	BEAUTIFUL! STUNNING! Good drinks. Good everything!SO PRETTY!!! Really amazing!
4	Came here with friends and ended up meeting a couple guys who bought us drinks and ended up heading to Strip Hop later. The ambience and decor was nice. A very chill, laid back lounge, there was no dancing, just people enjoying each others company. We all had a drink that the waitress suggested called the Cosmopolitian which isnt on the menu, but is really good, tasted like a sweet tart. Im not sure how much it cost b/c the guys treated. I didnt get a chance to check out the other floor. but it was nice and I would go again.
5	i love the beautiful decor~~if you want to have a nice chit-chat with a friends, perfect spot!-drinks hit the spot!-very chill and relaxing-very close to marquee
3	The feeling of being inside a gigantic chandelier was truly a novel experience, however it wasn't worth the pretentiously pricey drinks. Weak drinks, average service. Boring
5	This place is freaking beautiful. It catches your eye with one glisten. Stumbled upon the chandelier by accident. I just wanted to sit down. We sat here and I didn't even know what it was called. It wasn't crowded at all but it is so cute. I had a shot of jameson here not sure how much it cost. Really really beautiful. Come here to just chill and lounge. I want to go back and sit there all day and get a little tipsy.
4	Beautiful bar located in The Cosmopolitan Hotel. You really can't miss it if you enter the hotel from the strip-facing side. The multi-level bar, surrounded by crystals, is great for big and small groups. You can choose to sit at the bar or on couches/chairs around the bar. You would think being in the middle of the casino, you would get really distracted by it but it's quite the opposite.Drinks are fairly priced ($32 + tip for Maker's Mark, Jameson, and a white russian). Bartenders/waitresses are friendly and patient too!
5	Beautiful and awe-striking decor, great place to take your girlfriends in a low-key environment. The ambiance makes you feel classy like Audrey Hepburn when you sip on some cocktails and the drinks are perfect. I had the kamikaze shot and the booze ratio was spot on. Fairly priced and the bartenders are awesome. Definitely my top bar lounge in Vegas, or even in the nation!
4	We had a great time at Chandelier, very chic and not as loud as bond.  Service was great, drinks were also perfect.  I only went here one night during my stay and they closed it at 12, due to not having enough business?  Seemed kinda weird to me there were at least 25 people in the bar but oh well it was still great.
5	I love this bar, it's beautiful, relaxed and has plenty of seating and good prices for the drinks.  I have been here a couple of times with friends and have always had a great time, had great service and have been able to find a place to sit.  As with everything in the cosmo the space is amazing.They have fun and interesting cocktails, I had a hot chili dragonfruit cocktail, it was amazing. They have some type of curry cocktail too, which I have not seen elsewhere.I will make a stop back here next time I am in town.
4	Great alternative to "clubbing".  I'd recommend this place for anyone that wants to kick start their evening at a low key and comfortable spot that has great drinks, service and ambiance.  It's essentially a lobby bar that's been bedazzled and injected with steroids....  very nicely done!
4	I love this place! Like being inside a tiara. I miss Vegas!
4	Even if the drinks sucked and the staff were unfriendly, this place is kind of a must-see. It's gorgeous and cool and a lot bigger than it looks from the ground floor. A great place to stop by after dinner or before Marquee.
5	Taking a girl here will solidify the win. Trust me. And  yea, they have drinks.
5	Love this place. Been here on three trips in the last year and am as impressed on my third visit as I was wowed on my first.The whole lounge/bar is encased in a gigantic chandelier. They have different specialty drinks on each floor and the wait staff, both the cocktail waitresses (ask for Baylee) and the bartenders are top notch. My recommendation is this is the place to come before dinner or before going out to a club. Some people clearly intended to stay for 15-20 minutes end up staying for a few hours.
5	A beautiful bar, especially on the 3rd floor where you really feel like you are inside a chandelier...the drinks are pricey but very good and it is a lovely environment day or night!
5	Possibly my favorite bar in Vegas. Love being surrounded by the Chandelier crystals as I drink my yummy fruity creation.
5	Very chill and very b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l. If you don't want to be a club rat in Vegas but still want to hang out in the scene then I suggest this bar. It's the backbone to the Cosmopolitan hotel and located very conveniently to your rooms, casino floor, shopping and even Marquee(if you want to go clubbing).  It's several level high and I'm so impressed with the bartenders and the atmosphere here. I felt like I was in my own little world inside the 3rd level. This would be a perfect place to hang out with your girlfriends if you wanted to stay "local" in the Cosmo hotel.
4	I have yet to meet a person who didn't think that The Chandelier is awesome.  Its a bar inside a crystal-y sparkly eye catching chandelier!  When you think of Cosmo, you think of this chandelier.You have the choice to chill downstairs, upstairs or up up stairs.  I prefer being up where you are surrounding by the the strands of crystals.  Either spot is a great place to just sit, hang out with a few drinks, and converse with friends.  Each of the floors has different specialty cocktails.Bartenders are usually pretty attentive here (although I do remember a time when one was too busy flirting with random girls than serving - typical!).  Drink prices are what you would expect, between 7 and 12 bucks I think.  Any one of these bars is worth a stop.  Sitting among the sparkly beads feels oh so fancy!
5	This is my go to lounge when on the strip. It never ceases to amaze out of town visitors and is the perfect sippin spot pre-Marquee partying.It's 3 levels but the best is 1.5 (the middle level).The GM and head Mixologist Mariena Mercer is fantastic. She's always coming up with creative cocktails such as spirit snow cones which I recently did a feature story on CitySip.com.A must try cocktail is the Verbena. It's not always on the menu so be sure to ask for it.
5	2nd floor of the Chandelier has a specialty drink called "The Secret Flower..."I have no clue what that flower is but, you're supposed to chew and swallow on that flower before you drink and YOUR MOUTH IS SUPPOSED TO BE NUMB. Kinda cray! Pretty fun! So Vegas!
5	This is the most gorgeous thing I have ever seen! A bar inside a chandelier?! What more could you ask for?! This is truly the Las Vegas style when it comes to as glamorous as you can get sipping drinks! If you are in Las Vegas, just walk into the Cosmopolitan and you cannot miss it! We walked in to have a few drinks at the bar and it was pretty cool, to sit inside and being surrounded by crystals that sparkled all around us. Our bartender was wonderful, social and made some amazing drinks. I tried a Kentucky Girl Scout and had a Chocolate Cake shot. If you can't tell, yes. I'm a chocolate lover. I can't wait to stay at the Cosmopolitan one of these days, talk about luxurious! Definitely go, take pictures and have a few drinks in the glamorous Las Vegas style.
4	Bar is beautiful...the Mixologisgts are great, make a very good Patron Margaritas
5	This is easily the most beautiful bar/lounge I have had the pleasure of having drinks at, not just in Vegas but anywhere I have traveled to. This multi-story lounge inside of a chandelier is such a fresh and modern concept. My sister and I had drinks there on Saturday night after having drinks at some other lounges beforehand since we were staying at The Cosmopolitan. We cozied up to the bar on the second level and were served by an incredibly friendly and attentive bartender. Despite it being busy, he spent a few minutes chatting with us and even gave us a flower to chew on that numbs your mouth and makes it tingle. Drink prices were typically of most other Vegas lounges. I think the best part about this lounge is that is plenty of seating areas so small and big groups will be able to settle in with some killer drinks in a fabulous setting. This is definitely a must visit when on the Strip.
5	Incredible lounge in the trendiest casino Vegas has. Good service, great drinks. I take friends here when it is their first time visiting to give them that "woah" moment.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this lounge! It is not only visually stunning, it is the perfect lounge atmosphere for cocktails!
4	This bar is just another great contribution to the amazing Cosmopolitan. The huge 3 story bar is elegant and interesting floor by floor. The bottom bar is central to the casino, casual  and just gets more "shee shee shee" as you go up. The second level is the most fun because the entire bar is surrounded by the chandelier itself. Its loud and more of a bar atmosphere. The bartenders, cocktail servers and the people were a blast! The third floor is definitely the "snob" lounge. All in all, just gorgeous and you have to visit at least once in your lifetime. And of course, the drinks are pretty phenomenal(I think Vesper's drinks are one star better though.)
5	uh. may. zing!!! one of the most beautiful bars i have ever been to and one of the most tasty as well. when asked what i like, i replied vodka. i was brought a london summer. delish!!! then i was brought a secret flower. this was an experience to say the least. first you eat the secret flower. this essentially opens your taste buds and gets your mouth ready for the drink. your entire palate comes alive...and then you take a drink. it was one of the most refreshing drinks i have ever drank. i cannot wait to return and try new libations :)
4	Gorgeous atmosphere. Like the description, the bar/lounge is underneath dazzling chandeliers. Male to female ratio is not great, so ladies need not be afraid to flag a security guard. Good wine list compared to the leakwater they serve on the casino floor. Heating parking garage, very safe, fun to people watch, great experience!
4	The ambience is gorgeous, the drinks were tasty (and free for me!) and the waitresses outfits made no sense (had to put that in there, they were flappers on Acid). I have to agree with others, the entire Cosmo hotel is beautiful and their signature drink (fittingly) the Cosmo was delicious! The hotel is kind of far down from all of my of my other fave Vegas hangouts (Caesar's, Venetian, Bellagio, etc) so I don't think I would stay there, but I am willing to look into is just so I could hang out in this beautiful bar...First class, all the way.
3	Very cool spot in Vegas (in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel). You essentially sit inside a giant crystal chandelier. Drinks are priced fairly, but as with all of Vegas, it's smoky. Get the signature house Cosmopolitan, and chill here for some great people watching!
5	Last day in Vegas and I decided to yelp a good bar. Found this place which was close to where we were walking on the strip. So glad I did.  The bartenders were wonderful, both their personality and their cocktails.  Their ingredients are fresh and most of their syrups are hand made that same day.  Of course I had a cosmo, absolutely delicious! It was made with a premium vodka (Hangar One mandarin), fresh lemon syrup, cranberry syrup, white cranberry juice, and I think a blood orange liqueur. The drink, quite large, was $13. I had gotten a lemon drop at  a sports bar the night before that didn't even use premium alcohol or really fresh ingredients, and it was $14!!!! If you are going to buy cocktails on the strip, go here because they really do know the art of making classic cocktails with classy modern twist. 5 stars and can't wait to go back to Las Vegas!
3	I'm sorry Chandelier lounge though you may impress some people you're not knocking my socks off....I'm from chicago, we still have speak easys.... and we pride ourselves on specialty cocktails....I was not too impressed with my selection of drinks....or that i can only get a certain drink on a certain floor....meh....way too much moving to get a cocktail....it was ok....but I've had  better.
1	This place is beautiful and the drinks are good. However, a bartender completely ruined it for me.  I have never ever been treated so rudely in my entire life.  It is a long story, but my husband's license was expired by about 10 days when we went to Vegas.  However, he had his green card which, according to the Las Vegas laws, is a legitimate form of identification. When we sat down at the chandelier bar, we asked the bartender if they had a drink menu. The bartender simply replied "No" which was an odd and sort of rude reply. So we asked if we could have 2 glasses of water while we decided what we wanted.  He asked to see our IDs, which we showed him.  I made a private comment to my husband about needing to show an ID for a water, but I do understand that there are rules.  The bartender overheard my private comment, rudely walked over to us, leaned into my face and said "You are in a bar, sweetheart".  I think when people, men in particular, use pet names like "sweetheart" or "honey" in a condescending or sarcastic way is so incredibly rude.  I informed him that I was not his sweetheart, which I had every right to do.  Then, because I made the comment and for no other reason, he asked my husband if he had a non expired ID (we had been to 100 other bars in Vegas and no one else needed more than his license but my husband said ok).  He gave the bartender his green card.  The bartender said he couldn't approve that but would call the manager. So we waited, and waited. And waited.  After about 5 minutes, I asked if I could have the water I had ordered.  The bartender informed me that he could not serve me a WATER because I was with my husband and "his ID is expired". By the way, that is not true.  It can be against a company policy to serve alcohol to a person who is "with" a person without a valid ID.  However, it is NEVER illegal to serve a water to a person WHO HAS SHOWN YOU AN ID... I checked. I told the bartender I just wanted a water while we waited for the manager.  He still refused.  He then said because I had asked for the water in a rude manner (which I had not) that my husband was no longer able to even stand in the bar area.  Again, he was annoyed that I had told him I wasn't his sweetheart.  I reminded him that we were waiting for a manager to approve my husband's ID.  He walked away and the manager never came.  He had obviously never called for one.  When I asked for his name and employee ID number, he refused (which is illegal by the way).  Maybe I could have enjoyed this bar had it not been for the awful, an unnecessarily, rude bartender.  All we wanted was a water and the manager to approve my husband's ID, as he had promised. Instead, myself and all my friends left and will never ever return.
5	This is my church, my favorite place thus far to cocktail in Las Vegas.  It's gorgeous, luxurious and despite being upscale, the least pretentious place on the Strip, in my opinion. I love that I can go there alone, sit on the 3rd floor, quietly relax and enjoy THE BEST Cosmopolitan I've ever consumed. It may be the best *drink* I've ever consumed and I'm not much of a cosmo fan, as a rule. (I drink dry vodka martinis, usually.)  But I also love that the bartenders are warm and friendly and it's the perfect place to bring friends.The Chandelier is the one place I tell visitors to make sure to go. I bring all our guests here and recently, brought my best friend, who also declared the cosmopolitan cocktail here to be the best drink she's ever had. And she knows drinks, the lush. (KIDDING!)This past week, we finally got to sit on the 2nd tier (every time I've tried it's been reserved or too busy), which is clearly the place to be, and loved our server, Heather. She was a total doll -- sweet, sassy, personable and made us feel really welcome and not hoity-toity at all. We each strayed from our precious cosmo long enough to try the London Summer, that Sandia something or other (with the coconut foam) and a Campfire, all of which were delicious.  (The Campfire was my least fave, but I'm not much of a dessert drink kind of girl. If you're into chocolate martinis, get it.)I love this place. When I move away from Vegas, I will miss it, but always know I have someplace awesome to go when I visit.
5	Love the crystals in this elegant bar. If you are coming to the Cosmopolitan, you have to stop here. Whomever designed this place went all out with this bar as the crystals of the "chandalier" span several levels in the casino area.It is a great place to mingle with your friends and have a cocktail or two before you either go to Marquee or some other place. We came here on a Saturday night so it was quite busy. However, I would recommend that you come here on a less busy night so you can enjoy the sophisicated ambiance of this place.
3	Stopped here while in Vegas and had a pretty good time. Our group of eight people found a spot with some chairs and took it over. The only downfall was that you couldn't order any of the specialty cocktails from the bar on the 2nd floor (you had to go down to the 1.5 floor bar). Also, there was a store that sold beer right next to the bar (closed at ~11 or 12), so for our second round we just went and bought some beers for 1/2 the price and came back to the bar. The entrance to Marquee is right next to the bar on the 2nd floor, so there were people huddled up everywhere trying to get into the club.
2	If you like hanging out with soccer moms on vacation who are twenty pounds overweight stuffed into ugly dresses that might look ok at a PTA meeting, this is the place to be.  Was there on March 16th, a friend highly recommended this place.  We ordered a round of over priced drinks.  The vodka and soda tasted like some tap water with a sprinkle of vodka from a plastic bottle (no garnish either).  The mojito was so bitter, and no sugared rim.  Bartender did manage to get the Miller Lite just right.Avoid at all costs unless you like overpaying for crappy drinks.
4	This is a pretty cool bar to have drinks before or after dinner.   The chandelier is 3 stories high and there's a bar at each level.  The drinks are pretty pricey but its great for people watching and relaxing.
3	Very impressed by the crystal design of this bar.  The pictures don't do this place justice; it truly does need to be seen in person to be properly appreciated.Unfortunately, the inside of the bar is not nearly as impressive as the outside.  I actually expected to this place to be a classy, upscale place to get a quiet drink.  The reality was that this was just like any of the many other bars that you would happen to find at any casino, complete with very loud music and somewhat slow service.  There's certainly nothing wrong with this kind of setup, and in fact, given all of this, I was pleasantly surprised by the skill of the bartender.  That said, the bar could have been used far more effectively given the extraordinary design of the bar.
5	The Chandelier: the best bar in Las Vegas.The Chandelier: home to the most talented mixologists in Las Vegas.Period.In a city full of avaricious club owners who will happily extort a $50 cover out of you in exchange for the "honor" of paying yet an additional $20 for a mediocre vodka tonic in sterile nightclub surroundings, the Chandelier is like a beacon of hope -- hope that excellent customer service and superlative mixology aren't entirely dead in the Las Vegas nightlife scene.The Chandelier is gorgeous and delicious -- and unpretentious.  No obnoxious bouncers, cover charges, or waiting lines here.  The Chandelier is a multi-story work of art.  Spanning the first three levels of the Cosmopolitan, the Chandelier will make your jaw drop when you walk in.  You're surrounded by veritable waterfalls of crystal and glass, with lots of beautifully appointed bar counters and swanky lounge tables.When the two of us sat down at the first-floor bar, the charming bartender didn't skip a beat.  He informed me that there was no menu, and he'll make me any drink that I want.  I was ecstatic.  I asked for a fun and fruity gin-based drink.  He smiled, and prepared what he called a Misty Rose -- an amazing concoction with more ingredients than I can recall.  It had gin, Pimm's #1, St. Germain, apple juice, fresh herbs and spices, bitters, a few other things -- and strawberry marmalade.  Yes -- marmalade.  The marmalade gave the cocktail a rich and creamy consistency, which was completely different from anything I've ever had before.  The cocktail was ginormous, and more than enough to last me the entire evening.... All this for $12.  Even in San Diego, many spots will charge you more than that for a medium-quality drink.  No Las Vegas up-charge at the Chandelier, miraculously enough.The rest of the Strip can keep its tourist trap bars.  Next time I want to booze it up in Las Vegas, I'm making a beeline directly to the Chandelier to enjoy some craft cocktails in a stunning setting.  It doesn't get better than this.
2	Every time I find myself in the Cosmo I look at this bar and wonder why people would want to enjoy overpriced drinks while sitting inside a giant noisy chandelier. Ok, so the mixologist comes highly rated. Good to know. I have a great mixologist in my family so I have no need to pay out the nose for another one. The giant chandelier is definitely must see eye candy for anyone you have in from out of town. It's a great example of Vegas excess. But that's about the only good things I can say about it. I really consider this place nothing more than an obstacle to get around while making my way to Secret Pizza or to buy something from the Art-O-Matic. 2 Stars...and that's only for the sheer visual spectacle of the place.
3	I was holding out for a trip to Chandelier with my spicy drink buddy Jaime W., but with a friend in town who last was in Vegas pre-City Center, PH, Palazzo and Encore, we wanted to take her to the west side of the strip Saturday night and will go to the East side today.First stop: The Chandelier bar's 1.5 level, where I researched the bar location of the spicy drinks on the menu.  I asked the bartender which was the spiciest between Fire Breathing Dragon and Madame Curry.  She told me dragon.  I got dragon, frozen nitrogen-infused raspberries and all, with chili pepper rim and raspberry puree.  It said it had lemongrass and thai chili syrups, but for me the drink was just sweet - not a lot of spice.  My friend got the Madame Curry which was dynamite strong, and had not only curry powder but mango puree and YUZU sour!  So that was cool - I drank some of hers too.  There were other non-spicy drinks that looked good (all Thai'd up has kaffir lime leaves and ginger beer), but I had my one and was tipsy enough.The setting is beautiful, and once we found seating on couches, our server was great - she had a sense of humor and took care of the guys in our group who ordered beers and whiskey.  My friend Carmin H. ordered the Sandia, which was super sweet with watermelon juice and coconut foam - we all were not that impressed with the taste but it did look...atomic!The atmosphere was hoppin', it was a good place to people watch, and we did run into the fabulous Mamie P. and Dave P. while lounging with our drinks.  Cocktails on the menu were approximately $14 - not sure how much the beers or mixed drinks were.
5	amazing drinks!!!! fantastic atmosphere. 2nd and 3rd levels are the best. Don't miss out on checking this place out, super fun and great place for a group of people or a date
1	Ambiance: GorgeousService: Buzzkill. The 'mixologist' was an older Asian man (I think his name was Bill) He completley ignored me and the 6 girls I was with when there was literally no one else around  and then when we said something, he said 'that guy was first' and pointed to some guy about 5 people behind us that wasn't even in line.  So the guy we were with was like 'no way man screw that guy--he's not even getting a drink'  and the bartender goes 'no FU** you!'So literally with our jaws dropped we went to the opposite end of the bar, and got our drinks. So about 5 minutes later the security guard (who actually reccommended this place to us. escorted us to the bar and tells Bill to serve us) comes over and kicks the guy we were with out.I know this is a novel, but I just wanted to let all of you know that this was by far the worst service Ive ever had in my entire life. We tipped him 40$ and he STILL told us to F ourselves. WHy? we still dont know.Asshole.
2	The extra star is for atmosphere. I really wanted to enjoy this bar, but after waiting 30 minutes for drinks without success, we decided to call it a night and retreat to our room. The three bartenders made a total of 9 drinks in that 30 minutes (including service bar orders), and three of those were bottled beers.
5	My group made a stop here while on our way to The Bank on a Sunday night. The bar is simply beautiful and great for photos. The bar was relatively empty compared to the night before when we passed it. It was great for us since we wanted to use the atm, restroom, order, then go. One of the bartenders did give my friend the wrong directions to the atm though. We were on a mission for Patron shots since 2 people in the group had never tried them before. 8 chilled shots of Patron in cute shot glasses lined with salt and served with lime. Nothing too fancy. I believe the shots were $12 compared to $16 at other bars we visited. The bartenders were friendly. We chatted with them about different types of alcohol & percentages in the US verses overseas. Overall, I would pop in her for another drink.
4	As a local I like to take out of towners here because its definitely a scene with decent drinks and that glitzy Vegas feel. The bartenders drinks are well made and the staff is friendly after 8 music gets really loud and it is hard to get a table not the best place to talk or get to know someone.
1	Ambiance is awesome. Service couldn't be worse. I've been here twice - shouldn't have given it a second chance, definitely will NOT give it a third. There are so many other places worth visiting in Vegas. So go take a picture there, but skip ordering a drink. NOT JOKING!!
4	What a classy place to have a drink or mingle! And, get this, they actually have a huge Chandelier, whatta concept! Cheers!
4	First off, I love the Cosmo! It's gorgeous inside. The Chandelier Bar makes it all the more beautiful.I love how there were different levels where you can sit/lounge. We came on a Monday night at around 1ish and it wasn't hard to grab a table.They start to close down the top level at 2ish...so you have to move down a level.Drinks around $8 for a vodka cranberry or rum/coke. Not too bad. We had to go up to the bar to order, though.
5	One drink, the Sazerac. One bartender, Jason. One location, Chandelier 1.5. Do it. Do it now.
4	Ok, ok - I confess - I didn't actually drink OR eat here; my wife and I only walked by it about 5 times on our various trips through the Cosmopolitan - but it is VERY cool looking, and very comfy looking. It spans 3 of the 4 floors of the Cosmopolitan hotel & casino, and every floor is a little different then the one below or above it. There are fluffy leather chairs and couches throughout the various 3 floors, and stools at the bar, with long strands of 'beads' stretching vertically & horizontally through the 3 floors. Even if you only pop in to have a drink or 2, I would recommend it - it's really cool looking.
4	I love the atmosphere of this lounge.  They have very comfortable large couches on each of the three floors for you to sit and chat.  The chains of crystals that surround the lounge provide for an excellent background in photos that you may want to take with those sitting with and around you.  There is a bar on each floor if you want to walk up and order drinks.  The glass structure in the middle of the lounge that spans all three floors and contains bottles of alcohol looks amazing.  Finally, the lounge literally located in the heart of the casino (bottom floor) and just outside of the Marquee night club (top floor), so you are pretty much in the middle of all of the action going on in the Cosmopolitan.  Downside?  The service is SLOW.  Don't be surprised if you have to wait more than 15-20 minutes for one drink to arrive at your table.Very chill atmosphere, people won't be shouting at you left and right, good place to visit if you just flew in on an airplane at 11 PM.
4	UBER hip darkling lounge with sparkly chandelier that gets more glowy as you imbibe.  Very stiff, perfect Cadillac Margarita, frosty and salty with a shaker of more, more, more...and isn't that just Vegas all over?Slouched over to the Art-O-Matic art vending machine, and grabbed a couple of mini masterpieces from the depths.  Cruised back and opened the tiny, cigarette pack sized works of art..Prom Dates, a tiny portrait painting and Monster Wife..a whimsical miniature pillow monster filled with lavender..for just $5.00.One drink turned into an event as we shared art and laughs!
5	Classy, Amazing, Beautiful. These words best describe the chic Chandelier bar! The highlight of this place is, of course, the massive Chandelier, which encompasses several floors of the Cosmopolitan Hotel. When you see it, you will stare and stare and stare. It is Breath-Taking......Typical Vegas Glitz! A Sparkling Wonderment!Ambiance...5 stars. A perfect place to people watch, pre-party before heading upstairs to Marquee Nightclub, or enjoy mellow cocktails with friends. The couches are comfortable, & there is also bar stools if you want to hang out at the bar. Drinks are pricey, but what's new. It's Vegas....Live it Up! The Chandelier Bar is worth the price!
4	Enjoyed my time here.  Expensive enough to keep "the element" out but still very relaxed and not overly crowded.  I found buying a bottle and sitting down on the lower level fun.  Will go back.
5	Luxurious seating, great atmosphere, and of course the gorgeous chandelier that carries through the Cosmopolitan Hotel.When I'm here I like to imagine myself in a movie about living it large and I'm the wealthy main character wearing a beautiful dress sitting luxuriously in a classy, beautiful bar.  While not all of those things are true, that's how I feel when I'm there.It's definitely a nice place to sit, chill, have a drink, and feel fancy.Go feel fancy!
5	Wowsers!nThe Chandelier is gorgeous. The atmosphere is great, lots of seating and depending on the floor you choose to go to, you can get a different vibe. I really enjoyed the Chandelier as a nice relaxing bar.
4	Cute atmosphere - fun drinks.  I had some kind of dragonfruit cocktail with what looked like freeze-dried berries.  I think it was supposed to look like I was breathing smoke, but it didn't work too well for me.  Tasted great though!The outfits they had the servers in were weird.  Let's design a skimpy shirt that shows as much of your bra straps and back as possible.  Come on - either build a bra into that sucker or at least make a strapless work!  Boo management, boo.
4	The place itself is very stunning... but in the future I would consider this more as a stop/take a looksy/ have a drink (which they are carefully handcrafted to your liking by amazing mixologists) and go...It is a casino bar, so it is great while on passing by or as a meeting point!
4	Cool setting. Outstanding cocktails that are inventive and well proportioned (read strong)
4	Stunning! Absolutely stunning! This bar is great on so many levels, except one.  The first bartender we went to was nice enough, yes, but was a complete newb and messed up our drinks.  Who starts work at a bar on the busiest night of the week at peak hours?  Ok, she was cute, but come on!The icing on the cake?I got to see a 6 foot tall bee-yotch slip and eat sh*t after verbally and physically abusing her equally obnoxious boyfriend.  Drink in hand she flew and did I help? No, cause she spilled her drink all over me.  Crazy B!!!
4	Petty, cool place to sit and have a few drinks with your friends.  Beware, however, this is a find your own seat kind of place.
5	This is one of my favorite bars in the Cosmopolitan Hotel! I describe it as a  "sexy bar."  The large luminous chandelier drapes thorough out 3 floors with the bar being in the middle.  It is truly beautiful and a work of art.  I feel very classy when I'm here.It is a fun place to relax and grab a drink.  If you can get a chair and couch close to the bar it will make for great people watching!  Try the Mojito, a bit expensive, but that's to be expected in a bar with more class.On a different note, last night we saw Jesse Tyler Ferguson (Mitchell) from Modern Family at the bar having a drink with a friend.  :-) I stop at this bar every trip to Vegas and will continue to do so!
4	Pretty... Very crowded... We climbed three stairs to finally find a spot. They do have fancy chairs to sit in and the ambiance is fancy smacy - which is nice.Drinks are pricey but that's what you get for being in Vegas. :POverall... nice ambiance
5	This place is so money, and if you didn't know it, I'm talking about $15 million. That's the price tag for the chandelier that is surrounding you in the bar (at least that's what one of the Cosmopolitan employees told me). The Chandelier has been reviewed a lot and has a high star average for a good reason... it's probably the hottest bar in the hottest hotel in Vegas!I recommend level 1.5. That's right 1.5. Grab a seat at one of the couches, order a drink from the snooty waitress whose shit clearly doesn't stink, sit back and people watch. The only other bar that can rival this one at the Cosmopolitan is Bond. Very different, but very worth checking out as well.Chandelier and Bond are where it's at my Vegas party goers. Anyone offering another idea should be ostracized from your group.
5	Try the top part of the bar the bartenders are great and you can watch all the talent get rejected from Marquee all night.  Then they flow into the bar it is a great scene on Friday and Saturday.
3	Very cool atmosphere, I've never seen another bar like it. Lots of seating and pretty good spot for people watching.Really good drinks, but poor service brought my experience down a copule stars.My wife ordered her drink ad I mentioned the was thinking about having but wasn't 100% on yet.  I asked the bartender if he could recommend anything with St. Germain, he mumbled something but I didn't quiet catch it.  I was even sure he was talking to me.  So I asked again, and he said the same thing a bit louder and pointed to an item on the drink menu."Okay," I said, "but what would you recommend?"  He seemed rather annoyed by the question and said something to the effect of "I mean...I guess I could mix something up".After that comment he turned around and started making a couple drinks.  I had no idea why he was making two since only one drink had actually been ordered at that point.  A couple minutes later two drinks show up, one was my wife's and the other was the one I had initially mentioned but hadn't decided on.  My wife and I thought it was pretty clear that I hadn't decided yet, but the bartender apparently decided for me.Luckily the drink was delicious and I'm glad that's what showed up, but I do wish the bartender had handled things much better.While my wife and I were enjoying our drinks, three guys approached the bar and asked the same bartender what beers they have.  He opened a mini fridge and gestured to it Vanna White style so they could look in for themselves.  I guess naming them or showing the guys a list wouldn't have been cool enough?You know the stereotypical L. A. person who'd rather been seen than be seen working?  Bingo, that's this guy.I travel to Vegas quite a bit, I may stop by this bar again, but if I see the same bartender on duty I'll hit someplace else.In contrast to this "bartender", I went to the bar near the lobby of THEhotel and asked the bartender there the same question--"what would you recommend that has St. Germain in it?"  He didn't skip a beat and said "St Germain goes really well with cucumber Vodka."That's what I expect form a good bartender.  Knowledge and no attitude.And he was right, cucumber Vodka with St. Germain is amazing together.
3	Midnight friday night, it wasn't too hard to get a drink. The bartender was attentive and noticed right away we were new at the bar and asked what to get us. My date got a Long Island and she whipped it up fast and had us out of there quick. Another bartender asked us if we needed help in the meantime, I was impressed, I'm used to fighting over getting a bartender's attention.However, we walked away and tasted it... WTF. It was like poison plants in a glass, it was unbearable and we've had our share of bad Long Islands. Idk what was in it, it must've been something else...
4	Beautiful bar. Drinks are little pricey but nice and relaxing environment
4	It's a great bar to start the evening with. It is not quite designed for mingling with other groups but that is ok. Seating is nice and plush. However, I went on a Sunday night so I don't know how crowded it would be on a Friday or Saturday night. It is classy. The waiters are a bit slow but pretty friendly. Cool place overall!
4	I've been to this bar many times before.  It offers a lot of drama with the "crystal" bead chandelier decor.  Think of a three story bar nestled in the middle of an enormous chandelier.  That's what you feel like when you're here.  These beads stretch across the ceiling and throughout the sides of this bar which definitely add to the dramatic affect.  I would definitely consider this place elite amongst ultra lounges around Vegas.  I appreciate the fact that there are 3 floors to choose from, however, the middle, second story loft is my favorite.  Our server was super cute and sweet, but she was super slow.  For an hour and a half, we only had time for two drinks because she was literally serving for half of the second floor and got super swamped.  The drinks can get pricey, but it's the strip, what do you expect?!  If you're looking for a cool, hip and vibrant place to visit when on the strip, check this place out.  It's drama will ALWAYS steal the show!
4	I want this bar in my house!! The decor is heavenly and 5 stars alone. I honestly don't even remember how my drink was because I was AMAZED with sparkles!! Drinks are pricey but that's expected. Seating is pretty hard to find if you don't come early. We got lucky the first time here and scored an area. It's so crowded obviously due to popularity. However, the 2nd time here was not so lucky and it was way too annoying to try to find a spot. That's the only reason I am giving it 4 stars. Definitely a hot spot worth visiting in Vegas!
2	Great ambiance and drinks... horrible service!!!
3	My group stopped here for a drink after our dinner at Scarpetta (see my review). After having a such a stellar dining experience, this place paled in comparison - even with all the bright & sparkly surroundings. The surroundings were gorgeous, we definitely took a few pics of us entangled in the strands of hanging crystal. Bonus, our server's name was Krystal - NO JOKE!  Haha!   Too bad the service was not great. They were out of 3 different beers before the waitress though to check on what else was out of stock before coming back. All the while, our entire group had to wait on that one drink before we could get our own. All this on top of waiting ~10 before the waitress even came to our table. In total, it took us about 20 to get our drinks after we ordered. That's just unacceptable. We are big drinkers and would have loved to stick around for another one BUT who knows how long it would have taken to get the next one! PS. the drink - it was a thai ginger mule - was pretty tasty.  Overall, I can cross this place off my list. It's beautiful but wouldn't go out of my way to go there again because the service was not great. True, bars run out of stuff all the time. BUT, before you strike out for a 3rd time servers, it would be wise to see what actually IS in stock or at least come back with an answer right away rather than coming back 5 minutes later each time...
5	Very nice bartenders and delicious drinks. Loved that the douche-y aspect of bars was absent.
4	If you're on a budget this is not your place.....Very sexy bar, the concept, the decorations the multiple levels and the drinks.  hit the ATM first !
4	It's a nice bar.  They make a solid Hendricks martini.  That's it.
5	During my last Las Vegas trip I stopped here again. This time we visited Level 1.5. At least on the night we visited, this level was a little more subdued than my first visit. That is by no means a bad thing. Just a difference I wanted to make note of.  I was again able to find a nice comfortable, wheelchair height seat at the bar and my girlfriend was able to pull up a seat right next to me. This might be hard for non-wheelchair users to understand, but it was so nice to be able to sit next to her at the bar and not need to crane my neck to look at her or shout for her to hear me.  A note to any current or future Bar owners out there. Please work this feature into your designs! Sorry...I digress.One last thing, I know they change their drink selection often, but if you get a chance to try the Campfire Delight, do it. It was fantastic!  Right down to the Flaming Marshmallows.
5	BEAUTIFUL Place to have a drink...Loved it... Inside the Cosmopolitan... Nice bartenders & Hot, friendly drunk people everywhere. Whats not to love?  When you are in Vegass, Check it out ;)
5	Love the atmosphere! Its sooooooooooooo pretty. :o)Love the fact that its the closest bar to my guest room. LOL The drinks are yummy and customer service is great! Always a fun time at the Chandelier Bar. :o)
2	Came here on a Wednesday night, May 9, 2012.I had been wanting to visit this bar for over a year, but two things held me back.  One, I heard they don't make the handcrafted cocktails on weekends (and apparently busy nights which include Mondays as well?).  Second, I had no one to enjoy a drink with a weekday/night.But I was finally able to convince a friend and his group to rendevous here.  The excitement had been built up to a euphoric level... only to be flattened by a cold (male) bartender.Please, before any professional bartenders or sympathizers argue that one can't always be greeting patrons with a smiling face, and enthusiastic welcome... shut the fuck up.  You're in the hospitality business, and it's your job.  If you wanna be called a professional, act like it.  And I felt extra jipped because I always tip well on drinks (or at least a respectable dollar tip per drink for shitty service, which is what I got that night).My Vegas-local friend told me that that's the way things are everywhere in Vegas, cause tourists don't bother leaving tip oftentimes, so the bartenders don't see the payout as especially rewarding for such a difficult thing as a smile.To be honest, the cocktails were quite interesting.  There was one that used strawberry jam, and it was very tasty.  I wish I could remember the names, but the bartender seemed too busy to bother again.Hey, it's a sleek-lookin place, with a soothing lavender ambiance.  It's right in middle of Cosmo, which to me is the hottest hotel in Vegas right now, so the people watching can be great.  The handcrafted cocktails were what I was looking for.  But, as with my complaint with Scarpetta, I came to Vegas to have a good time...  not to feel like some asshole demanding special treatment, and putting the bartender out.  Cosmo, you were a night of fail.
2	Ohhh so shiny and pretty (my first thought).. My 2nd thought- are there any servers in this joint? Its easy to be distracted by shiny objects, but don't be fooled by this bar. Its all a smoke screen for another overpriced Vegas lounge. Servers were MIA so we needed to order from the bar, drinks were overpriced (although probably the norm for the Strip), and the drinks were terrible. I ordered some girlie concoction off the menu and instantly regretted it. My second drink (a Hemingway Daiquiri) was equally as depressing. We had a great time there, but it was in no part thanks to the Chandelier. If you're going to order beers and want to stare at shiny objects than I would totally recommend this place- other than that- skip it...
5	Too loud but otherwise awesome.  There are a lot of things to look at, in case you are with someone you don't really want to talk to.  Fortunately that was not my situation... I don't think the drinks or service really stood out but they were okay and the atmosphere is just so much the star of this show.  Not intimate or romantic but definitely interesting.
5	I love Chandelier Bar at the Cosmo! CB is a fantastic go-to spot that I have consistently visited for after dinner drinks or pre-game cocktails before heading out for the evening. I love the decor and the cute sofas/chairs have always been clean the many times I have been here.Service is very consistent and the bartenders are quick.My favorite level is the top level because it's the smallest in size and feels cozy. See you this weekend Chandelier Bar! xoxo
4	Chandelier Bar is so lovely. The Cosmopolitan itself is such a gorgeous hotel, breaking away from the slot machine and blackjack laden lobbies that overwhelm you upon entering most Vegas hotels. And this bar is the perfect centerpiece. It's as pink and sparkly as you can possibly be without being too girly-girl princess-tastic. The drinks: I had...the Cosmo...and it was delicious. It tasted like Pez, you remember Pez candy, right? - but in the best way possible. My friend's drink was a little bit less awesome...the Butterfly Kiss looked (and tasted) a lot like a thick carrot juice milkshake. I also wish the sparkly curtains were just a liiiiiiiiittle bit thicker, to distract from the shopping mall immediately surrounding the second floor, but that is a minor gripe. My drink was fantastic, the surroundings were glittery, and it was a great spot to stop for a pre-meal cocktail.
4	Second time here, not as good as the first time. Drinks were not as good as first time, I'm guessing cause of bartender. Super busy and always entertaining to watch drunk patrons make fools of themselves. ds
4	I give it a 4 for what it is.  It's a good hang out bar if you're with a group of friends or with a date.  If you're there looking to be the pickup artist, it's not likely going to happen here.  This place is all about the decor since the place is basically supposed to be sitting inside a huge Chandelier.  Your date may think it's pretty and the seating is pretty comfortable to hang out, but be warned that it's on the pricey side, and they don't serve any food.  So you likely won't camp out there for very long if the muchies set in.  Don't worry, there's pizza open late up on the 3rd floor.  I'd tell you where, but I feel you need to earn your explorer badge as I did.
4	My friend and I were on the first floor and had the "Orange Crusta" and "Kaffir the Reaper." The lounge was jam packed (granted, it was Saturday evening), but we were lucky enough to get two comfy sofa seats. The bartenders were quick to get our orders and the drinks were very tasty. The Orange Crusta packed a punch and was the right amount of tart. The Kaffir had a nice, subtle coconut aftertaste and was pleasant overall. Yes, both drinks were expensive but worth it. Floors 1.5 & 2 were very crowded, so we didn't attempt to venture up there. I'll be back next time.
5	If you ever dreamed of swinging on a Chandelier or sitting on one perhaps, this bar/lounge might get you close to satisfying that urge. It's essentially a larger than life size chandelier, a beautiful piece of structural art, with three levels and the bar being in the center on each floor. Ultimately I think The Cosmopolitan once again outdid itself on modern, chic, classy ambiance that's very pleasing to the eyes. Each level can be accessed via elevators that are tucked along the outskirts of the Chandelier. The bottom level is open 24 hours where as the 2nd and 3rd do last call at 2am (also if looking for the most privacy go to the 2nd level, 1.5 in the elevator, it is the thickest area of beading just like if you were in the dead center of a Chandelier). The drinks are fun and fresh, even if they are a bit on the pricey side. I ordered the Lime in the Coconut - kieffer lime, house-made coconut cream, and rum (sadly can't recall the name of such, it was 2 am so forgive me), all topped with toasted coconut. On first sip the lime hit you followed by the sweetness of the coconut. This is a great spot for a pre-meal/early night cocktail. Great atmosphere, beautiful decor. Can't wait to stop in there on my next visit (as I have heard they tend to change their drink menus with the season).
5	The Cosmo hotel itself is just a beautiful place to be....as soon as you walk in you know you're in a 5 star hotel. This is a cool bar to start your nite at. They have a big ass chandelier hovering over the entire bar n it even has a 2nd level. Love the decor n the seats were frickin awesome. The service we had was on point n quick to refill our drinks. Definitely hitting this bar again next time I'm in Vegas!!!
4	I was here on a Friday night with my husband, best girlfriend, and her bf. The men hated it, but we gals loved the atmosphere. Make sure to find your way to the second tier, so you get the elevated feeling of sitting INSIDE the chandelier, with views to first and second floors of the Cosmo. May want to call ahead for a table, but we found an area that wasn't reserved. 4 stars because the service was really really slow. Drinks were great though!
4	"Pretty" is probably the world that first comes to mind when you think of the Chanderlier bar/lounge. "Shiny" is the second word you'll think of. I like to drop by here for a quick cocktail before heading to a club or for the occasional midday drink that I allow myself to partake it in Vegas. The Chandelier is interesting in that there are 3 different levels each with a different vibe and a separate cocktail menu. All the cocktails will set you back $12-14 which by Vegas standards is very reasonable. The second floor is definitely the sexiest and most lounge like while the first level is essentially a super-nice casino bar. The problem is that when there isn't much of a crowd only the bottoms level remains open which means that not only do you miss out on the superior ambiance of the upper levels but you also lose access to their unique cocktail selections. The Fire Breathing Dragon is very much the Chanderlier's premiere drink but there's also a concoction featuring St. Germain, Gin, and Champagne on level 1.5 which is absolutely delicious. Try to get a spot higher up in the Chanderlier and it will be a great view with beautiful surroundings. A word of warning though: call girls seem to have figured out that the Cosmpolitan attracts a younger, affluent crowd and you can usually spot them hovering around the main bar. If you're not looking for "female companionship" I would be wary of any pretty girls dressed to the nines that suddenly find you endlessly fascinating and charming.
5	very nice concept for a bar.nice clean atmosphere.  very pretty.  not too pretentious.we had a drink on the special menu that was like smores martini.  it was fantastic!  i loved the graham cracker dust that lined the edges of the glass, stuck onto a chocolate sauce.
4	Very yummy drinks and a very nice place to sit around and lounge with friends. It's on the quiet side since it's above the casino floor. Bartenders make good drinks and waitresses are nice but it took a while to get out drinks and it was not packed. If you would like some nice drinks and a place to hang out with some friends its a good spot,If you want to start out your day slow stop by here before getting all crazy..Beautiful decorations!!
5	As everyone has already pointed out, the Chandelier Bar is an absolutely beautiful,  gorgeous, three-level bar inside a huge chandelier. Each level has different specialty cocktails (I'm slowly trying to conquer the drink menus), and lots of comfy seating.  This Saturday, a jazz band played on the first floor; at other times, there is an eclectic mix.  Of course, it gets a little busy on the nights Marquee is open, which makes for great people-watching, but aside from a longer wait from the waitress, I've always been able to order any of the specialty cocktails, and the bartenders are brisk and efficient.I found out this weekend that one of the bartenders is able to do a traditional absinthe presentation! I didn't try it, but it was very cool to see.If you are visiting Vegas, you definitely have to stop by for a drink or two!
2	I came here for the pretty swaroski crystal decor that was calling out my name. The drinks here are a rip off. I got a mixed drink for $13 and it didn't taste like there was a single shot in it for how small the cup was. The bar gets crowded so good luck finding a seat here.
4	I didn't actually go inside, we just walked by it but man - what wonderful eye candy!
5	One of a kind decor!  Where else can you sip a drink sitting inside a 38 million dollar real crystal chandelier?  The drinks are spendy, but top notch.
4	Gorgeous place!  But we might have been biased by the beautiful 50's band playing there at the time.  Sat at the bar and enjoyed some great craft coctails...made friends with the bartender and the drum player...got a little tipsy... sounds like a perfect Las Vegas evening.It seems like an oasis in the middle of all the slot machines and ringing.  Definitely worth a trip to the Cosmopolitan!
5	I freakin' love this bar.  For numerous reasons:1. HELLO- It's pretty because you're in a chandelier!2. The Cosmopolitan is gorgeous and perfectly located on the strip.3. They will let you sit at the bar for hours and no one bothers you.4. The cigar or cigarette girl can be called to come down and you don't have to leave your seat.5. The bartenders or "mixologists" know their shit and if you tell them what your taste buds like, they will whip you up something fabulous.6. There are three floors to this bar and always at least one open seat.7. The bathrooms aren't too far away (if you decide to break the seal).8. Their drinks will get you f'ed up.9. Easy in & out from the bar.10. They make one hell of a cosmopolitan!Anyone that comes to town, I bring them to The Cosmopolitan because of the atmosphere, the chandelier bar and if we wanted to walk over to Crystals, it's super easy.  Plus the view from the pool is insane.
5	This place is BEAUTIFUL!!! Visually stunning, and good drinks. Bar tenders weren't particularly engaging (much better service at The Vesper), but I loved the bar so much I forgive them. Le love!
4	Great place to chill after a crazy night out. Especially convenient for ladies after queuing and dancing for 3 hrs straight from marquee. Besides the lovely chandelier that covers the entire bar, it is just a very low key place to rest your feet and finally talk to people.
5	Located in the casino of The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. This is a very cool place. A  great place to take a break and have a laid back, yet incredibly creative,  drink. If you are looking for a place to get rowdy and go nuts, you are in the right city but the wrong bar, this place puts the Lounge back in Lounge. no blaring music. A great place to watch the casino traffic go by. If you find yourself in the Cosmopolitan, stop in and have a drink or three. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	A beautiful cocktail bar in the Cosmopolitan. The setting is gorgeous with all the beads surrounding you...so pretty and different. Couple the setting with the unique, hand crafted cocktails and you have a must do while visiting. Try all three floors because they all have different drinks. Not sure which floor is my favorite....they are all so good.
5	Best drinks and bartenders I've encountered in Vegas.There are a lot of specialty drinks here which the bartender will handcraft and perfect in front of your eyes.  The price can range from $12-15 bucks but I think it's soooo worth it.  The quality and the time taken for each drink can't be beat and you have the amazing atmosphere of the chandelier hanging down around you.  This is one of my favorite bars in the world.  You must check this place out!
5	YES!!! Overpriced as expected, but this IS what I think of when I think of Vegas... Douchey guys and underdressed girls, beautiful decorations, overpriced fabulous drinks across from a convenient store... but in the end, when you're here at The Chandelier, you feel like you're drinking inside of a beautiful chandelier... 3 stories of beautiful crystals. Can't wait to go back!!!
5	This place is great! I took my girlfriend here for one of their famous cosmopolitans and she said it was the best she's ever had. The atmosphere is terrific and is one of the main reasons for me returning each time I go to Vegas. We always go here right before we head to Marquee, which is within sight from the third level the bar. I would recommend this place to any and everyone.
5	BEAUTIFUL!  I love stopping here for a drink.  THe decor is by far over the top but so worth it.  The drinks are meh, ok.  Not as pricey as you would think being that it is in an expensive place in Vegas.  The crowd here is very dressed up and beautiful so make sure you don't go in sloppy attire or you will feel out of place.  The cocktail servers are really nice too.
2	I went to the Chandelier bar on Saturday night for drinks with a large group of 16 people.  We couldn't find an empty spot in any of 3 floors.  The place was packed!  Who new!  My husband finally negiotate a spot on 2nd floor with their mgr and we had to spend $300 on drinks to secure this spot.  The waitress came around for drinks but she wasn't that friendy with no contact..  I guess she didn't care for us. Drank up to $300 for 2 hours and left.  We should have left but with large group and the weather was hot and humid at night.  Overall don't go when it's packed and don't pay $300 for space.
5	So preeeeeetty.  Like for real.  Ah-mazing!No joke, this bar is seriously the prettiest place in all the land.  It's like you were shrunken down and you are inside the prettiest chandelier.It's located in the middle of the casino so it's great for people watching or meeting other people.  Just tell them to meet you by The Chandelier...they can't miss it.  It's got a couple levels of seating which is great and cannot be missed because it's so grand and beautiful.Grab a drink and sit down...you won't regret it!
5	YES! If you are in Vegas you NEED to go to The Chandelier!!! You will thank yourself!!I came here on my last night in Vegas and was looking to go all-out so I had some good stories for my friends back home.We came here around midnight and it was pretty packed. There are gorgeous sofas to sit at, as well as the bar area. The decor is absolutely gorgeous. I have never seen anything like it! The giant three story chandelier is stunning. Everything sparkles. Seriously SO PRETTY!The service was fast and the drinks are the same price as everywhere on the strip (expensive).
4	lovely to look at but ac up way too much in the building, hard to get a seat inside when they have a whole floor off limits,
5	What a gorgeous place to sit and have a cocktail. The Chandelier bar is a girly-girls dream. I agree with Kelly G, if you like sparkles, you'll love it here! Our first round we ordered traditional from the bar. Prices are what you'd expect. When a lounge couch opened up we had a seat and noticed their cocktail menu. They offer a very interesting assortment of drinks. You can tell a mixologist concocted these because many of them looked complicated and had ingredients we had never heard of. I don't even remember what they were called or what was in them, but they were gooooood. Had to ask our waitress a few questions to decipher what might taste good, but she was very nice and able to help us decide. Not only did we have cool drinks and get to gaze upon this sparkly architectural beauty (do they renovate closets?) but we also got to listen to an amazing retro band where the singer crooned old tunes from the 20's. I think I've found my new favorite Vegas bar!
4	Three stories of crystal vomiting awesome.This bar is so cool, that it has three levels with different types of drink selections and seating.  All within a giant chandelier.Great place to meet people for drinks after work, but probably pick somewhere else if it's on the weekend since it tends to get super crowded.Bombay Sapphire and tonic? $12.  So a little more pricey than most, but it's a damn well made gin and tonic.
5	If you are going to pay for a cocktail you must run, not walk to this place. Not only is a elegant but it is also  has some of the best mixologist in Vegas. I have been here 4 times now and every time i am more impressed than the last!  When you order stay off the menu and challenge the bartenders and tell them your favorite alcohol and have them mix away!
5	This was the most amazing chandelier I've ever seen! Loved the 3 level bar and the chandelier just surrounding you while drinking the $12 drink. It feels like your in a elite Hollywood setting with beautiful people around you. Great place to socialize and to  relax and admire the crystals all around you. Your in Vegas. Just indulge yourself!!
4	Get a hammer because you're going to break your freakin' bank at this place, but it's just about worth it. If you've dreamt about being encased in a spider web made of crystal, then wake up, baby, because you're here!  This is a three story fantasy surrounded by what has got to be one of the largest chandeliers I've ever seen.  I mean, this thing is larger than Carly Simon's mouth, so you know we're talking huge!The setting is cool, the bartenders are knowledgeable and the drinks are legendary.  They have quite a menu of cocktails and even though I'm a loyal beer drinker, I knew that to have ale at such a place could likely be considered a hate crime, so I opted for a cocktail.  My friend and I had an Apple Jack and a Violent Femme.  Both were expertly and lovingly crafted and beyond Delicious.I can't give it the fifth star because I hate that it takes so long to make each drink and spendy.  So you can just chalk that up to me being impatient and cheap.This is the perfect place to sit and have a few cocktails with friends as you people watch seeing the streaming swarm of humanity coming in and out of the Cosmopolitan.
5	An excellent place to let your bartender get creative! These guys have chops - I told my guy Jason a few different cocktails I like to drink, asked him to mix whatever and he nailed it. It was like watching a cool chemistry experiment and the result was awesome.
3	This has to be the prettiest bar in Las Vegas, and it may have to do with my obsession for Chandeliers... They have lots of different yummy cocktails! I tried a Cosmopolitan and a Ginger Gimblet, both were very delicious! And strong, which is what I'd expect for an expensive cocktail. Pretty pricey but it's fun and about the experience here. You can enjoy a variety of different drinks depending on the layer on the Chandelier you decide to drink in. I was disappointed with the service tho.. I came here before a show, and sat on a comfy couch because I was tired from all the walking I had done throughout the day and there was no bar seats left. There was one cocktail waitress and she must have walked passed me about four times and never smiled at us or acknowledged us to even let us know she'd get to us in a bit.. 15 minutes later she tells us she will be right with us. I was trying not to get annoyed because it wasn't busy at all, and not to sound like a jerk, but how hard is it to take orders, give it to the bartender and serve them? Not very... After she took our order it was an additional 20 minutes! I saw our drinks sitting on the bar and I should have just gotten up and grabbed them myself but I didn't want to be dramatic. I'm sorry but over a half an hour to receive ONE drink is unacceptable. I would have given this place at least four stars if it wasn't for the poor service. It is fun to drink in a Chandelier though.
4	I've only stopped by here during the day around 1-2pm.  I wanted to explore what was around City Center area so I came over to the Cosmo along the way.  I remembered a friend highly recommending to come here if I wanted a good drink without all the "crazy" club like atmosphere.  I came in from the upper level so I was already at the very top where the bar.  I sat down and someone helped me.  She seemed like she was in training but she was very nice and checked my ID and got my order.  I forgot the name of the drink I got but it was delicious.  Most of the items on their drink menu sounds really good anyways.  Atmosphere was pretty calm and nice with just a few folks at the bar near me and bartenders chatting it up with them.  I'd definitely come back again to grab another drink and maybe explore what it's like on a busy night.  However i can't imagine it getting "crazier...although Marquee is just next door to them.
5	enter cosmopolitan...dazzled by rain of crystals...enter the chandelier...down a staircase to comfortable lounge...enclosed within a wall of sparkling glitz...quite awing after few drinks...cute servers in small dangling tops...chainmail in appearance...requesting a touch & finding silvery plasticity weave...sexy vibe to this peaceful sanctuary...place to stop and rest really...surrounded by new acquaintances...order of six cocktails...smoking fire breathing dragon a smoking raspberry seduction..prettiest drink and special effect...simple old fashion, simply delicious...quite marvelous drinks...six drinks and $eighty-five total...worthy in taste..worthy in dim, sparkling and comfortable surroundings...takes a lot of impress with cocktails...job well done...
4	This was our last stop on our last night in Vegas, and what a fabulous way to end the trip, too. The Chandelier sits near the front part of Cosmopolitan (if you're entering from Las Vegas Boulevard and, as the name suggests, is a bar inside a huge chandelier. At the first level, you get tremendous vantage points for people-watching, particularly the gamblers in the casino. Then, as you walk up through the circular staircase (or take the clear-glass elevators), you witness a whole different jungle, this time of men and women clearly out on the prowl. It's so fascinating watching girls of differing heel heights and skirt lengths (or really, no skirt at all) clacking their way up to men of differing ego sizes and hair-gel viscosity. It sucks that smoking is still allowed inside buildings in LV, but I suppose it's the price you pay to witness this great human experiment happening around us. The drinks were pricey but also well-crafted and creative, with a different menu on every level. Eclectic bitters and herbs, sophisticated liquors, and curious techniques (like egg white froth?) create interesting cocktails that are the perfect accompaniment to an endlessly entertaining people watching experience inside this gorgeous setting.
5	I love shiny things and I want this in my room. Great vibe, comfortable setting amongst throngs of shining crystals. The live music is endearingly impressive and it attracts a finer yet hip crowd minus the annoying patrons of typical Vegas hot spots.
5	This is one of the best looking bars I have ever seen in Las Vegas or elsewhere, especially if you are on the middle level.  It is almost a get away from the hectic pace of Las Vegas.The service is good and the drink menu has some great options.  Try the Fire Breathing Dragon.  It taste good and has a nice side effect that everyone will enjoy.
3	The Chandelier is three stories of crystal encased beauty and is a very cool place to be on a Friday night.   The upper floors are more happening than that on the casino level.  Service was so slow that I ended up going to the bar to order.  Drinks are pricey, I had their Rose Gimlet which was wonderful - once the bartender figured out how it's done - he didn't know how to make it and had to ask another bartender about a drink that is on their specialty menu - then the other one had to taste it until it was right!!!  My friend ordered an Amaretto Sour, which she said was the worst she ever had - I don't know how that can be screwed up, but it was. I might have rated this bar a five with faster service and a better bartender, for the price I expect it to be done right.
5	This is the bar in the middle of The Cosmopolitan Hotel - multi-leveled.Make sure to do COCKTAILS there, they have different menus on each floor. I wouldn't go here for beer / well drinks. GREAT cocktails...and I spend a bit of time on the pretentious NYC cocktail scene, so that's coming from all that drinky drink wisdom I have...GREAT service. GREAT ambiance. The chandelier thing - it's kitschy but still quite pretty and does fun things with the light. The lounge-y vibe is nice too with the velvet couches.REASONABLE prices. On par with cocktails everywhere, if you want a cocktail in Vegas, go here.
4	This lounge is very easy to find..it's right next to the Marquee entrance. If you've ever wondered why people were hanging out in here instead of going to Marquee, you're probably under 25 years old.The Chandelier is where the slightly older crowd, like myself and my buddies, hit up during the weekend night. Sit down, have a few cocktails, have a stogie, and talk about everything you used to do...like wait an hour in line at Marquee just to decide a table was the only ticket in and forking over $300 per head just to get in.Then you turn over and look at the long line of helpless souls of post-10pm arrivals trying to get in. This lounge isn't too loud, yet definitely isn't too quiet! Be sure to grab a table early, because after 9:30, it's all taken! Drinks are decently priced, and very well mixed! The bartenders downstairs do a pretty impressive job of entertaining you with flying mixers and strainers all over the air while making those cocktails. My buddy and I walked up to the second floor with cigars(there are three) and the waitress kindly told us the second floor was non-smoking.
4	This is the place to be inside the Cosmopolitan hotel if you want to be seen...oh and also get a drink. You will always find people walking around the outside of the Chandelier Bar taking pictures with the chandelier. Three floors of seating inside of a huge chandelier with a variety of specialty drinks. This is probably one of the hottest lounges on the strip that is usually busy every night of the week, especially nights that the club next door (Marquee) is open (Friday, Saturday, and Monday). It's a great spot to grab a drink before going to the club or just to lounge about, have a good drink, and people watch. And when I say people watch, you will definitely have a lot to see. Recently another service bar area was opened on the 2nd floor facing the outside to allow for faster service, but if you want to relax, enjoy a drink on the couch on the inside of the chandelier.
4	This is a must-see for any tourist to Las Vegas. I don't agree with some of the Yelpers regarding price, for the quality of the ingredients and the care that went into creating the cocktail program I think the prices are appropriate.There are three floors within the chandelier and each one has a different coktail menu. My favorite floor for ambience and cocktails is the middle one, because it feels a little more private than the other floors and the drinks are amazing. Service is kind of slow, so I recommend that as soon as you get the menu look it over fast (you can't fail, they are all winners) and order otherwise the waitress won't come around for another 20 minutes.This is a good spot to hit before clubbing, if you are so inclined. For me it is a destination in itself, I could spend all evening there. If you are looking for a drink after the club, say 5:00 a.m. only the first floor is open.
5	I was here with 2 of my best girlfriends in May. The first time we were here, it was a Wednesday night.Even though we were only on level 1 and the upper levels were closed, the bar was a sight to see. The ambience is pretty swanky so I felt severely underdressed as I waltzed in in my t-shirt and shorts. Granted, I didn't expect that we'd spend our night here.One drink turned into sitting at the bar and drinking more because of our engaging bartender, Nus. We talked with him and asked for drink recommendations and he made us cosmopolitans (because duh), something called the Verbena Lemon Bud, and a few others that I can't remember (that night was a blur). The drinks were wonderfully made and the Verbena Lemon Bud was the most unique drink experience I've ever had. Another shout out to Nus is necessary here because he really took care of us and contributed to our unexpectedly great night.We came back here 2 nights later on a Friday. The bar was packed and Nus was working again. He remembered us and kept an eye out every time we approached the bar, despite how busy it was. My friend asked him to make us mixed shots/shooters and that he did.Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely be more inclined to stay at The Cosmopolitan and to frequent The Chandelier!
5	Chandelier Bar is awesome and so is the service - it is right in the middle of everything and it has (3) floors. Ask the bartender for buzz buttons. They are little flowers that make your mouth water.. sort of weird but really cool.
3	Cool place.  Nice concept to have a bar inside a massive chandelier.  They had Haley from American Idol from a few years back performing.  She wasn't bad but couldn't get Simon Cowell out of my head saying, "That was nice, but more like a performance I'd see in a bar or Las Vegas."  Yes, sir!
4	The best Old-Fashioned D's ever had.   Recommended to us by the bartender at Cabo Wabo, D was amazed that a good tasty drink could be so flavorful and strong at the same time.  E got the kaffir lime drink, which was also REALLY great.  None of the drinks we've had here have been disappointing... great flavor and not too sweet!The 2nd level is my favorite: access it by going up the stairs from the casino level.  You feel like you're floating in a magical world of crystals!
5	Came and got after dinner drinks during our last Vegas stay.  I love the Cosmopolitan Hotel and I adore this glamourous lounge, we ventured to each of the 3  floors, and settled on a seat in front of the stage on the first floor. We got to watch a wonderful swing jazzy band perform, with a cute girl in glam 50's pinup style. I had a dirty martini (ok maybe 2!) and it was delish. The waitress was as pretty as the interior of this open concept bar. Since it was open concept, it was nice to people watch the party-goers and gamblers mosey on by. Drinks were about 11 bucks, pricey but its typical for vegas (if not cheap!). You got to visit this place before you hit the nightclubs or for a nightcap.
5	My buddy and I were in town for the night and decided to grab a drink at the Chandelier.  The bartender, Billy, managed to turn a quick drink into a full on social event, facilitating fun with some surrounding ladies and mixing up the most interesting and delicious drinks I've had--absolutely made my Vegas experience.  Thanks to Billy for top notch service!!!
5	I love this place. I would marry it if I didn't already have an incredibly hot wifey. Went here on a Saturday night. It was just a great time. Cocktails are amazing. I had something with cinnamon toast crunch in it. I know this sounds crazy. But I would marry that drink if I didn't already have an incredibly hot wifey. We went back the following Tuesday and they had an entirely different menu of cocktails. I'm amazed they can turn over their menu so quickly and still be serving damn fine drinks.
4	Beautiful inside and out. Everyone seems to congregate on the top floor where the Marquee entrance is, but I didn't have any issues finding an open seat for my boyfriend and I when we walked down to the next level. Don't get me wrong - it's still crowded, but it's well worth searching for a seat. The drinks are pretty sweet - which is okay since I'm into that but service is pretty slow. We paid cash and it took about 30 minutes for us to see our change. Plus all the girls are dressed pretty trashy for this establishment.For me, it was a nice place to chill for a few hours after dinner. And while it does get really crowded, it didn't feel like I was in the middle of other people's conversations. It still felt pretty intimate because of the way they do the seating inside.
4	This bar is gorgeous! The drinks are a little different but I was into trying something new. I got the well heeled and at first I wasn't a fan but then I really started to like it. Great atmosphere to people watch and take in the beauty of the Cosmo.
4	Came through the Cosmo from the back of the hotel, following the signs to the Chandelier.  Some how the signs led the husband and I up some escalators with the Chandelier lounge right in front of us.  It was very pretty, and right across was Marquee club, so it was nice to people watch as they head off to the club.  I had some sour apple drink with a rosemary garnish... can't remember the name as well as their signature Cosmo.  Nothing to complain about the taste.  Service was very friendly and helpful in suggesting our drinks.  What really blew me away was when we were leaving and as we went down the same escalators, this time, heading for the doors facing the Vegas strip, we noticed that this lounge was 3 levels!  I have to admit, the top level wasn't as pretty as the other levels and I liked how they overlooked the casino floor.  Definitely a nice place to people watch and lounge for a bit before heading to the dinner or the clubs.
5	My favorite place to hang out and people watch, sure the drinks are not cheap, but the show parading by you is so worth the price of a couple of drinks.Service is hit or miss, but once a waitress finds out you actually want to order a drink they are pretty good about checking back with you.Other than that, it's a Vegas lounge, nothing amazing.Well except the Stairway to Heaven, but you will have to figure that out for yourself.
5	Recently got the chance to try their new drink menu, and it did not disappoint. The New Fashioned is their take on an Old Fashioned. It's basically bourbon with an ice sphere of orange and cherry juices. You get a spoon to scrape away at the ice so it mixes while you drink.  Very strong and very good. I also tried a drink with cherry Mexican coke, but the name escapes me. It was also tasty.  With a different drink menu on every floor, it pays to explore and try out the specialties from other bartenders. When it's crowded, it may be difficult, but it's worth it.I'm now realizing that with prices ranging from $12-14 on their specialty drinks, you are getting a steal. That's cheaper than some places in Chicago, for similar quality.  There was a jazz/swing band performing on the bottom level and they sounded great.  Chandelier keeps getting better and better.
5	Beautiful bar, 3 floors of Chandelier, girls dream come true! I loved this bar. It was beautiful with amazing service!
4	On a work-trip to Vegas, (ohhhh yes) I decided to come here one night for a leisurely dose of alcohol and people watching. Perhaps my opinion of The Chandelier is biased by fact the Cosmo is my favorite hotel on the Strip, I do love The Chandelier. It has all of the glitz and glam you would expect of sin city. Pair that with the allure of lush, over-the-top decor and you've got bar would make Dorothy know she's not in Kansas anymore.The location of the bar within the hotel is very entertaining. You've got a Marquee parade upstairs, and a gambling scene downstairs. On the night I went, an awesome live band graced the small stage, playing a few jazz classics and covering some modern tunes.Decor and ambiance aside, the drinks were great. I don't remember the specific names of drinks I had (sorry, what can I say the drinks were good), but during my most sober moments at the bar I could tell you that the drinks were mindfully prepared. I wanted a well-prepared cocktail, and got it. Service was attentive -  the bartender was attentive to my questions, and helpful with a selection, even letting me sample the liquor used in the cocktail (an Apple whiskey) because menu cocktail was great. Asked for another cocktail with the same liquor, and he made a new concoction on the spot. Give that guy a raise!I'll make like the Terminator and return when I'm back in Vegas.
5	I think this may be my favorite bar in Las Vegas.  You can people watch but still have privacy because it's set up more like a lounge.
4	Great place for a drink!!! Love the decor and ambiance. Amanda was a great waitress!
4	FUN! I was here for a convention at the hotel and we wrapped it up with a few rounds at the Chandelier. Bartenders were attentive, knowledgeable, chatty, and fast. The waitresses were equally pleasant. crowd was cool; old young, CEO's and weekend partiers all shared the same space and intermingled. Not a stuck up person in the house. It lost a star because, 1. the music is pretty loungy and 11oclock hits and everyone is waiting for the uptick that never happens. 2. It seems like  a stopover place for  Marquee, so around 1130 the place empties out and loses some energy. Still, it was fun, and welcoming to the business traveler that shows up alone and the group of long time friends, alike.
5	By far, my favorite bar in Las Vegas. The drinks are the star of this show. The imaginative cocktail menu here is why I keep coming back every trip. Each level of the bar (Chandelier has three levels) offers their own signature cocktails. I'm a fan of the second level. Notable cocktails include the Fire Breathing Dragon (nitrogen frozen raspberries that make you breath out smoke) and the Verbena (edible flower that numbs your mouth and effects your tastebuds). Prices are also very reasonable (for being on the strip and a nice bar) -  about $12 - $16 dollars per cocktail. Lots of couches to lounge around with big groups, and bar stools too if you want to sit at the bar.
4	As previously stated in numerous reviews this place is beautiful and something that you should check out at least once. I'm putting this on my list of where to take my tourist friends when they come to visit.  I was there on a Friday night.  My girlfriends and I sat at a small lounge type table by the bar and stairs.  It's great for people watching since the club is right there. Let's just say that stairs, short skirts and no panties is not a good look.  We had no problems getting drinks or attention from our server.  Drink prices were normal for the Strip, about $15.
5	The Chandelier is one of those high end lounge/bar inside the Cosmopolitan.  With 2.5 floors, there's plenty of chairs to sit and mingle and lots of servers to fulfill your needs.  I personally feel Vesper (near the check-in reception) at the opponent end of the building have slightly skilled bartenders, Chandelier's service is more than 5x faster than Vespers.Since Chandelier has highly skilled bartenders, you don't need to order well drinks like coke & rum and redbull vodka.  You can start experimenting with better and tastier drinks like Whiskey Sour (my favorite), Old Fashioned (Ryan Gosling drink in Crazy Stupid Love), or any other great drinks you wouldn't normally order at a club since those bartenders suck.
2	I'm a little jaded living here. I personally think there a LOT better bars and hotels to hang out in, but it's not a terrible place to be.Went here with a bunch of friends who were in from Texas. They thought Dallas bars were a lot better. I told them not to go THAT far. Is it me, or is the only music that's played here the music piped in for the casino? No bueno.The drinks are overpriced, of course. The waitstaff is slow and pretty unfriendly, of course. There is a lot of comfy sitting room, the ambiance is okay. I think my friends were mesmerized by the chandelier. I'm pretty sure it was meant to be that way.Anyway, the only bad thing that happened here was that as I was finishing my drink the waitress came by and practically grabbed my drink out of my hand and stuck trash in it as I turned around to grab it again. She told me she'd bring me a new one, which she did. When the bill came she had charged me for it anyway. So, be sure and look at your bill! She took it off, but that's pretty poor service to charge me for a drink you replaced in the first place. I hate the Cosmo, seriously.You can find so much better than this bar in and around Vegas. Really.
5	This place is truly the place to get your friends and hang out for a drink or 10!The prices definitely can't compete because you are getting high quality alcohol, and the ice cubes are actually large ice cubes that do not melt as easily as normal ice cubes, thus resulting in water downed drinks.My favorite bartenders who you can find at the second floor at the Chandelier Bar is Lindsay and Jenny.  They are cheerful, a delight to talk to, funny, great customer service, and most of all, that smile just kills with one glance!They definitely know how to make excellent drinks, as well as drinks that'll turn your taste buds into a highly powered flavor machine!My group started off with Verbana, that contains a South African flower that enhances your taste buds as you sip slowly on this drink.  Definitely an eye opener and the best drink i've ever had!Then to top it off, the girls decided on a Leather Maker's Mark that hit the spot as we chit chatted with the buddies and the ladies, having a marvelous and fun time!So next time you come there, look for the two beauties of the night, Lindsay and Jenny.  Try some new concoctions next time you feel like exploring :)!Cheers!
4	Great atmosphere and Stone Pale Ale.  One of only a few places on the strip that I found decent beer.  Thank you!
5	Three floors of bar space with lots of space. Friendly service, great mixologists, awesome cocktails and good food. What's not to like?? Good place to people watch as well, lots of plastic in the house if you know what I mean.
5	A got taken to Chandelier Bar inside of the Cosmopolitan.  Very cool design for a bar.  I was told to get "the experience."  I wasn't sure if it was a hooker's nickname or something else.  Turns out it is a drink.  Better yet, a couple drinks.  First you get a shot (yes, a shot) of raspberries that have been soaking in liquid nitrogen or something.  So you put them in your mouth.  You start to emit fog from your mouth and nose...sweet.  Now you have to start drinking your red drink, out of a martini glass.  This is an interesting skill to master.  After you have finished the "Fire Breathing Dragon,"  you are handed was looks like a margarita and a flower.  The petals have been taken off, and only about 2 inches of the stem remains.  You are told to chew up the flower and swish it around your mouth before swallowing.  .....Your mouth starts tingling.  Now you drink the margarita thing.  It is rimmed with a spicy substance.  The flower is apparently from a peppercorn bush or something?  I have no idea, but that's what the bartender said.  As the effect of the flower continues, the taste of the drink continually changes.  It's pretty cool.   I have NO idea how much this was.  The guy that took me, paid for it for me and my girlfriend.  We heading back to the Aria after this, but it was really cool for the brief time we were there.  Oh and the cocktail waitresses wear some great looking outfits!
4	I'm a drink novice, but I took a chance and ordered the Lime in the Coconut drink. It was brilliant. My SO also accidentally gave the bartender a $50 bill along with the rest of the tip, and the bartender found us in the outer area and returned it. Classy. This bar is much better than the bar on the bottom floor of the Cosmopolitan, where the bartender was a bit of a show off. I can't wait to come back and try the other drinks.
4	The Chandelier wasn't what I expected (I think I'd spent too long on yelp building myself up for it), but I was impressed nonetheless.  3 floors of gorgeous jewels, and whatever you fancy to drink. We got all gussied up to go to our LOVE show, and decided to stop here for a drink beforehand.  The stairs were kinda difficult, considering I was wearing a whore-ishly short dress and heels, but we made up there just fine.  Once we were there, we were greeted by a friendly bartender and quickly served our drinks.  I ordered the fire breathing dragon, as another Yelper had suggested.  I was not disappointed and would've had another if we hadn't have had to run off to our show.  There were plenty of cute scantily clad ladies working there to keep it sexy, but not too slutty, and help was available, without it being all up in your business.  The chandelier itself was reason enough to go.  I hope to come back sometime and stay a little longer!
4	The design and atmosphere are simply amazing.  It is a great place to hang out with friends or with a date.  The only reason I am taking away 1 star is because it is not a good quality craft cocktail bar.  Being spoiled by the great cocktail bars of Los Angeles, I believe Las Vegas has yet to adapt the principal of a quality cocktail.  I ordered a Mule, which the bartender made with Russian Standard Vodka and a can of gingeer beer.  I had to ask the bartender to add about 1/2ou of lime juice to make it a true Mule, but it still tasted horrible.  If/when they improve on their cocktail program, I believe this bar will be very unique in Las Vegas by the means of it having the only/best craft cocktails in town.
5	This is my default place to have a specialty drink if I'm going to be on the Strip!.  The three levels help you to easily find a table if you are there by 10- you can call for a reservation also.  The staff seems could use a couple more hands on deck, but the drinks make up for the slower pace.  Almost every drink I've had there is awesome!  Experiment!
4	Beautiful.  Very friendly staff.
5	The best drinks! Love this place!Drinks are pricey but hey, you're in Vegas. The juice mixes are the best you'll find which make your normal mixed drinks taste a whole lot better! If you stop by, ask the tender on the second level to hook you up w a Szechuan flower! Be ready for a big surprise!!!  :) I took about 15 of my friends here and we ended up back here after trying to find a better bar. Didn't happen!Thanks to Jenni for turning us on to this place!
4	I am always taking my out of town friends to the Cosmo specifically to come here!  For one reason only and that is to try the coolest drink  I have ever had!  I can not remember the name of it, I always ask, but never remember!  The drink is a sugary cocktail that comes with a flower!  BUT, you eat the flower before you start drinking and your mouth gets all tingly!  So fun!!!!!  Although the drink is a little sweet and I can never finish it, I love ordering it!  The bar is three stories and is always packed so expect to walk around a few times and hope that someone leaves soon so you can have a place to sit.
3	A great place to chill and wait for your seat at Holsteins.  Cosmopolitan is always one of my favorite places to shuffle friends through when I am playing Tour Guide. I love showing off how Frou-Frou this place is to my gal pals in town because there is no girl that doesn't appreciate all the crystal, marble floors and shiny-objects that make girls swoon. We came to Cosmopolitan to eat at Holsteins and the Chandelier lounge is directly across from the enterance so we say here to wait for our seats to be ready. Most of the choices on the drink menu were above average in price. I ordered the Fire-breathing dragon martini everyone's talking about on yelp-it was good and definitely worth trying and I had a few bucks to spare ($15 I think) . My home girl ordered the Rose Champagne ($18) for a glass. Must be good stuff. Lol It's a cute lounge to sit and chill in, but I wouldn't spend all my time there, too much to spend on drinks and there's way better deals on the strip. But a fun place to stop. Cheers!~MikeB
4	Feeling in the mood for some fancy drinks while we rested our feet. The Chandelier has more or less everything you could want from that type of experience, with a very modern design while a more classic look still exists with all the bling expected for the chandelier theme... at a high price.The stars of the menu are the mixed drinks, and if going here you might as well live it up. They are pricey though. We ordered the Butterfly and the Well Heeled. Due to the names, the female component of this review team did the ordering to preserve the others masculinity. Both drinks were good, although at opposite ends of the spectrum. The butterfly was very sweet and went down easy, while the well heeled had more of a kick. Both were good though for different reasons.Overall, a good experience that is worth checking out if you find yourself at the Cosmopolitan.
5	Wowza! Houston, we have a problem..a drinking problem that is.. The cocktails here are deliciously crafted and made by expert bartenders. Lime in the Coconut? Yes, I'd like four please.. I had some other delicious concoction although I can't remember it now.. nonetheless, you will not be disappointed or even feel ripped off since most bars in Vegas charge around the same prices as they do here..and do so without the added delectable flavors of Yuzu, or crushed strawberry and the likes.. howza about that Cosmo's Cosmo? Not to mention, I felt like royalty just walking into this bar.. the strands of crystal hanging from the ceiling that form a large curtain around the bar make you feel secluded and seen at the same time.. The service was spectacular and it was a perfect end to a fun trip.. I will be back here for sure.
4	I love this place! The drinks are expensive, for sure, but where aren't they on the strip? The decor is my favorite of Vegas bars.  It's over the top, glamorous in an absolutely cheesy way, but I've only had great times here.
5	First found this place while looking for a spot to eat, after visiting the bar on the second level we had a spiky haired dude named Jason who seemed to know more about drinks than anyone we ever met, we asked him to just make us up something good... After a couple questions he made us some amazing drinks and we never made it to dinner, we spent the night enjoying some drinks and joking around with Jason... If your in town and want to have a good time, go see Jason at Chandelier!!
3	really cool design and fun place to hang out and get some fancy cocktails.
5	I need to first say, I am not usually the type of person that will post a comment or feedback on social media sites. I understand people have off days for one reason or another and I often feel people are way to critical. However, I am going to break my general rule as the experience that I had at the Chandelier bar in the Cosmopolitan was something that others should hear about...I arrived at the Cosmo on the afternoon of Monday the 11th with two co-workers for a multi-day conference with plans to stay through the weekend. Our conference was typically out by 5pm so the rest of the night was up to us. We spent our first night at bars close to the Cosmo with little flair. Typical fancy-named, overpriced, poorly mixed drinks, but hey its Vegas, so what the hell, right!? Well, on Tuesday night, the host of our conference reserved the Marquee Nightclub at the Cosmo. After the event, my co-workers and I decided to head to the Chandelier bar (1.5)... It is here that we met Lindsey, the Bartender. From that moment on, we had a new standard to which EVERY bar, and drink for that matter, would be measured! Having just consumed a fair amount of drinks at the Marquee, we wanted to try something different.... Lindsey noticed us commenting on the names of the drinks (the Capulet, the Montague...) and struggling to settle on something. We were fearing they were just like the other bars where 90% of the enjoyment was the name, not the quality of the drink. At this point, Lindsey introduced us to a drink that was not on the menu, the Verbena. Essentially made like a Margarita, but with a Ginger base. Part of the uniqueness however, comes from the use of a 'Szechuan Button' that invokes a feeling similar to a 9-volt battery on your tongue. Lindsey explained the preferred method of consuming the flower to maximize the enjoyment of the drink. Needless to say, all three of us were hooked! What a truly unique experience!!! Now this is Vegas...After finishing our drinks, Lindsey offered a few more selections, all of which had interesting flavors using uniquely different ingredients; like Cinnamon Toast Crunch Cereal in their 'Cereal Killer' and Nitrogen frozen raspberries in their 'Fire Breathing Dragon' that "smoke" when placed in the drink (or your mouth).It was over the next few nights, however, that would prove to be the true test. As we would head out for dinner and drinks, dancing and drinks or just drinks, we kept thinking about the experience we had at Chandelier 1.5. Night after night, after enduring as much as we could at other bars, we would find ourselves unwinding and settling in for the night with a couple of drinks that Lindsey would recommend. We were never left disappointed. On Saturday, we had some additional friends come into town for the weekend. We couldn't wait to introduce them to 'the experience'  as we were now referring to it. We opened the Chandelier at 600pm and Lindsey was again behind the bar... She instinctively lined up a few Verbenas for us and our friends. As we were enjoying 'the experience', Lindsey suppressed the hell out of us by inviting us to meet Mariena, the General Manager and an extremely talented mixologist responsible for all the drinks in the Cosmopolitan. We were completely floored. She pulled up a chair and chatted for quite some time before heading into the back room and emerging with two special nitrogen frozen drinks. They tasted like Dip'n Dots meets Cold Stone (but with alcohol). They were absolutely the most incredible flavors I have ever tasted in a drink!! After finishing the drinks and chatting some more, Mariena once again excused herself and went to the back room. This time she emerged pushing a rolling cart with a large stainless bowl and various pitchers on it... What materialized after several minutes of pouring, mixing and stirring was utterly amazing. A frozen raspberry drink with poprocks added to the glass... All I can say is it was out of this world! The talent that Mariena possess is honestly in the same classification as Emeril or Ramsey, or any of the other fine food masters. Her twist, however, is the flavor she creates is consumed in drink format... a truly different experience from a truly gifted individual. There is no doubt in my mind, Mariena will be the mastermind behind the next trend of incredible drinkable creations. So, if you have made it this far, thank you. I know words cannot possibly express the experience I have had, and thus why I do not typically express my words in the form of a review. However, I hope you get the opportunity, even if it is only for one drink, to experience what my friends and I had the fortune of experiencing while in Las Vegas last week thanks to the incredible staff, the welcoming atmosphere and the absolutely fabulous flavors that have been assembled in a glass at the Cosmopolitan Chandelier (1.5) bar... Thank you Lindsey and Mariena you are the best!
5	My two girlfriends and I fell in LOVE with this bar and the hotel.  The cocktails were amazing, the staff were the best in town (hands down) and the atmosphere is stunning.  You can't miss this if you're visiting Vegas.  Eddy made us feel instantly at home.  We were actually staying at The Bellagio but spent most of our time at The Cosmopolitan- next time we'll definitely be staying here.  Don't miss it!
4	As far as the atmosphere and the bar itself, it was very nice! Very cool chandelier with the bar inside of it! There were lots of places to sit but obviously the drinks are RIDICULOUSLY over priced. Good for people watching too!
5	Going to the Chandelier bar was definitely one of the highlights of my last trip. I loved the decor, but I especially loved the drinks. The bartender was friendly, fun, and most importantly knew how to make a damn good cocktail. i can't even recall what I got. I just know that it was delicious and the price was on par for what I would expect in Vegas ($12). I will definitely be back on my next trip and hope to try a few new cocktails here.
4	Amazing bar inside The Cosmo. Posh seating, yummy drinks and crystal everywhere. How can you go wrong?!
5	As soon as I knew we were staying in the Cosmo, I knew I had to go to this bar. It just looks gorgeous. I mean, for cripes sake, it's a bar in a chandelier.  It did meet all expectations. The drinks were really good. Our waitress was really nice. We only enjoyed two drinks here, but it was a great time while we were here. We came during the day, so it was busy but not packed. We did pass by this place at night and it was PACKED. Like crazy packed. So, it seems like a good time throughout the entire day. Fab. Trendy. Good drinks and good peeps.
5	Hands down the best bar in Vegas - especially loved level 1.5. Thanks to some friends who spent the week there, we were introduced to Lindsay, lead bartender, who took fabulous care of our group. Not only that, we had the huge honor of being introduced to Mariena, the Mixtress in charge of the entire hotel, who treated us to some of her new frozen concoctions soon to debut at Neopolitan on the roof. Once in a lifetime experience to hear her story and see her expertise in action. Definitely try any of the specialty drinks (Verbena, anyone?) - the whole spectrum of taste in a cocktail - superb!
5	This lounge is located inside the Cosmopolitan hotel on the Vegas strip. I must say this hotel is swanky and one of the newers hotel on the strip. The Chandelier is absolutely cool, where else can you have a cocktail while sitting inside a giant size chandelier? This a great place for pre-drinking before heading out elsewhere. Drinks were on the more $$ side but hello it's Vegas! Def. do yourself a favor and check it out.
5	looooooved the chandelier bar. it's a 3 story chandelier for the love. went with girlfriends before a delicious tapas dinner and was told that the fire breathing dragon was a must. not only was it delicious, we did get a good laugh when the dry ice soaked berries started to make smoke come through our noses! not cheap, but if you're looking for a fun place to have a delicious bev (or 2), this is a great stop. not sure i'd spend all night here, as it is rather low key, but a drink or 2- so neccesary.
5	pretty decorgood servicegood price
4	This bar/lounge looks nice.  It is located in front of Marquee.  My drink was a little weak, so I wasn't blown away by this place.  But still, it is a pretty lounge to grab a drink when you are at Cosmo.
5	Since I could not drink the night I went due to medication, I am reviewing this place from a sober perspective. The bar was very clean, spacious, and beautiful. There are plenty of places to sit here even if you do not have VIP, or a reservation. The staff was friendly, and the bartender created a tasty non-alcoholic mixed drink for me. The music was not loud, you could actually speak to your partner. I would go back here in a heartbeat, and I would be very curious to try one of their cocktails, the menu looked good. The crowd here composed mainly of middle aged men and women. I loved the decorations, because I am a girl and  have an innate propensity towards shiny pink objects.
4	Went to see Jennifer Keith Quintet. Amazing atmosphere ez access from west garage. The Chandelier Bar has been created as an escape in the middle of a casino. It's really fun to hang out there. A glass of champagne will set you back 15 bux, and the other drinks were also mid-range. I was a cliche and ordered the Cosmopolitan. It was pretty fabulous. Highly recommend.
5	Best Old fashion on the strip.
5	One of the best experiences I have ever had at a bar. The drinks are a little bit expensive (up to around $9 - $14 for a cocktail), but **** it! It's Vegas! Plus the ambiance and quality of the drinks more than makes up for it.I'm not afraid to say the glam was appealing to me, but to the fellows -- this place is a goldmine to bring your girlfriend/love interest. And for the single fellows - this might be a good spot for you, too.Our bartender Lindsay not only hooked my girlfriend and I up with a free drink, but provided us with extra flowers.Eat the flowers. They are from South Africa and they are drugs for your taste buds. Everything tingles and your sense of taste is enhanced.She also came through in the clutch when my little brother accidentally tried a sip of the peanut butter flavored cocktail (he's allergic to nuts and took a sip before we could warn him). She had benadryl packs out in seconds.Thank you so much Lindsay! You're the best bartender we've ever had.Bartender - *****Ambiance - *****Drinks flavor - *****Drinks value - ****
5	This is a breathtaking facility - three levels of intimate seating and fabulous drinks.  I had one of their handmade cocktail sodas - served in the sealed glass bottle.  Delish! Prices are completely reasonable - I think three was about $35 before tip.
5	Drank 4 straight nights here. Great crowd. Great space. Occasional lounge acts on the 1st floor - and they were awesome, too.
5	Look at you California visitors in love with this bar. HahaBut who couldn't love this place?! Do try all the drinks on their menu, BUT do not get beer or your usual vodka tonic. The bartenders are pretty knowledgeable of the drinks. I usually order drinks that no one has made since bartending school such as a Sazerac, Manhattan or an Old Fashioned.It does get pricey but in a good way. You're better off getting your drinks at a bar and taking them to the couches. The servers are kinda slow... and half naked.DO: Dress classy DON'T: hang on the beads/crystals, it won't support any weight.
5	You'll love the feeling of this tri-level bar that seems to be 'hidden' by walls of draped crystals (Atleast on the 2nd level)- The cosmo is a great 'central' location for a drink with friends or group and this place is kinda magical!
5	Ladies and Gentlemen...I found the best bartender in Vegas..in my opinion :)  I stumbled upon this mesmerizing lounge after my shopping spree at Gucci. Definitely needed a drink after spending my winnings from the night before. This lounge is beautiful and its not crazy busy...a good place to relax for a little (maybe because I was on the top level). The bartender (I think his name was James?) was so polite and patient cause I was taking a long time deciding. Then I thought, why not a Cosmo hence I was in the Cosmopolitan :)  Wow...I can't tell you how he took his time to carefully prepare my drink. This was the best Cosmo I've ever had and trust me....I had tried plenty...lol. The lounge is literally a cluster of crystal chandeliers..gorgeous!  (See my pics)  I checked out the cocktail menu to possibly try another concoction but the cosmo was so good so I had to get another and another and didn't realize how strong it was until it was time to stand up. The crowd was friendly...actually met a group of people from Key West. This place is a must but at the same time don't want to over expose this kinda hidden gem :) It's a good get away from the typical casino / lobby bar and a definite keeper for my future Vegas trips.
5	Best Bar in Vegas! That's not just an opinion, either! That's a fact! Just ask my buddy David G. He'll tell you what's up!Located in the beautiful Cosmo Hotel, The Chandelier is a three story bar that's totally enclosed  with millions of shiny crystals, making it seem like you're actually hanging out  in the middle of a huge chandelier. Each level offers different specialty cocktails, which is awesome. The first floor features a small stage where a live band plays (you can hear the band throughout all three levels). Each level has plenty of seating, whether it's on a couch, chair, love seat or a bar stool. If you're like me, you like to go to bars to sit back, relax, sip on delicious cocktails, have a nice conversation with the person/group you are with and to also people watch. The middle section of The Chandelier is perfect for the things I just mentioned. If you're more into being seen, trying to hook up or stand around and move from group to group than the first and third floors will be more of your scene. I came here three times on my most recent trip to Vegas. I tried a quite a few of their specialty cocktails, all of which were some of the best I've ever had. My favorite drink of the weekend had to be their Fit to be Thai'd, which reminded me of a super strong white Russian with a hint of peanut butter. Yup, I said peanut butter. They actually put a decent sized scoop of PB in this cocktail while they were mixing/shaking it up (I watched them do it). I also really enjoyed their Cereal Killer, which tasted like spiked cinnamon toast crunch cereal milk. I also had and tasted other drinks but their names and what they were made with escape me at the moment. All the bartenders (mixologists) and servers I encountered were all super friendly. The prices here are like any other bar in Vegas ($10-$13 per drink)  but the drinks and the atmosphere are 100% better than any of those other bars. My favorite thing about The Chandelier is there are no cover charges, no bouncers, no D bags (at least that I saw in all my visits) and there is massive amounts of available seating, even on the weekends. The Chandelier is now my go to bar in Vegas.
4	Great "people watching" especially during the day when everyone is lined up to get in to the day pool party.
1	This review is based on my experience in attempting to hold a private event here.TERRIBLE! I am completely shocked by how much the manager dropped the ball.I contacted The Chandelier at Crystals for a private event and initially it seemed like all would go smoothly. After a week of slow responses and phone tags, I was then promised a proposal by the end of the day. Over 24 hours later, I still had nothing. I called and was told I would receive it in then next hour. I finally got an email 5 hours later and it was JUST AN INVOICE with ZERO details. It just said we will owe $XXXX and did not list what beverages would be allowed (this is an open bar event so I don't want people ordering bottles of Dom or Louis XIII), no mention of tab maximums, which floor of the Chandelier will be ours, or how to account for guests. It was just a cut and dry invoice with my name pasted on. Really? dozens of calls, conversations, emails, and waiting forever just for this? I really thought the Cosmo would have much more competent managers!
5	I came on a Saturday night and the Chandelier was pretty packed but we were able to find a table. It is located in the center of the Cosmopolitan and has multiple floors. I wanted to order the Campfire Delight because it comes with a three marshmallows lit of fire but they didn't have any more Chocolate so I ordered the Cereal Killer which tasted like an iced chai tea latte. The lady was nice and brought out some marshmallows to go along with my drink. The music here is really nice and the ambiance is gorgeous. Drinks are expensive but I think it's worth the price to sit inside a Chandelier.
2	Like so many other places I've been to in Vegas, Bars or otherwise, the drinks being served are quite over priced and just not that great - I like that they're trying to be experimental, and having a bunch of cocktails, but the ones we tried were quite mediocre, I would even say that they weren't good.  But I also haven't thought of Red Bull/ANYTHING as a cocktail in about 8 years (damn... I'm aging myself...)The idea of being INSIDE a chandelier is cool, if you're into that sort of thing.  I am not.  I would rather have good drinks then fake crystal dangling around me.  But, judging from everyone reviews, I am in the minority.
2	It kind of sucked really. Bartenders took forever, would forget what you ordered, didn't seem to really even want to serve anyone at all. The place was nice, but the service sucked.
4	Pretty cool spot. Bar tenders were attentive and available..pricing is what you would come to expect of a casino bar.
3	Totally awesome view of the world's largest chandelier. Just like Angela H. i do agree that this usually isnt the type of i frequent or even attempt to frequent very often living in the desert. So lets talk about the drinks.Baked Alaska Very well balanced drink with lots of pineapple goodness if you're into that sort of thing which i am. Cereal KillerAdults may not see why kids love the taste of cinnamon toast crunch but when you add Bulleit bourbon into the equation...well kids will suddenly notice that their beloved cereal has gone missing along with their parents, the milk, and the bottle of Bulleit bourbon. Highly recommended everyone try this at least once. Damn shame they dont serve it in bowls.New FashionI'm a huge fan of bourbon and the Old Fashion so seeing a new spin on the classic drink. How'd this new fashion compare? DO NOT WANT. Damn drink literally hurt going down. So...what am i trying to say with this review...the drinks are good and the vibe of the place is classy but expect to pay a pretty penny. Yelp 100 - 030 of 100
2	Very solid ambiance with a causal chic vibe to it.  Drinks were solid to decent in range but the service was subpar.  Our server couldn't explain 2 drinks that were on the special menu, for lack of a better word.  I'd expect that all server's when working should know what their special drink items are.  On this specific menu I counted roughly 6-8 drinks.  Other than that....... our drinks got to us but the service was delayed for the amount of people present.  I believe it was more on our server than a reflection on this bar.  Again, nice bar but subpar service.
4	Great place to grab a fancy cocktail. I forget exactly what was in my drink, but it was quite the combination and I really enjoyed it. My friends really enjoyed their drinks, too. Fun place to lounge in the middle of The Cosmopolitan for a pre-dinner cocktail. The service was super slow, but it wasn't the biggest deal. We were lucky enough to witness some live entertainment while we were sitting there, which I assume they do pretty often.
5	I forgot our bartenders name but it was around 2am and he was helpful in choosing a drink for me. I asked him to make his favorite drink but apparently that doesn't help unless you name a base liquor to start with. Anyway, he made 2 very good drinks one with tequilla and the other a gin-based martini. Great talking to him and really made our night better.
5	My first stop whenever I fly into sin city.  Ask for Jason on the second level and tell him to make whatever he feels like making.  He'll ask you what kind of liquor you like, vodka, bourbon..., then concoct something amazing!Great spot to get primed before going out or just to browse the talent trying to get into Marquee.
4	Expensive drinks but hey you are in Vegas so else would you expect! They have really good drinks, there was this one with a strawberry puree that hit the spot. Very cool setting and great music/vibes. No line to get in and no cover- huge plus:)
5	The Chandelier is a bar, just like every other bar in Vegas, except that it happens to be perched inside a massive crystal chandelier... which makes it unlike every other bar in Vegas.  We stumbled upon this by accident while walking down street past Cosmopolitan when I noticed the wall-to-wall glitter coming from inside.  Every inch of this place is over-the-top, dripping with sparkling crystals (god help whoever's responsible for cleaning).The Chandelier gives off a vibe of a place to see and be seen.  We wandered into its upper level and found a seat at the bar.  Moments later we look over to see Hayden Panettiere, her world heavyweight champion boxer boyfriend, Wladaimire Kiltschko, and a small posse of friends lounging behind us ordering a round of tequila shots.  (We found this particularly amusing given that the bartender didn't have a clue who she (or he) was and carded them all... we had to let him in on the celebrity status of the newest arrivals).  The drinks were good, the bartender was fun to chat with, and the atmosphere was... well... glittery.  Get glammed up, go for a drink and a possible celebrity sighting.  (See what happens when you just randomly follow your curiosity!!)
5	My favorite bar in Vegas, without a doubt. Besides the curtains of crystals surrounding you, this is my favorite bar because it has the best margarita in Las Vegas. It's made just how I make margaritas at home: fresh lime juice, agave nectar and quality tequila. It's everything a margarita should be, simple, refreshing and delicious, and with good reason. A bar tender told me the woman in charge of buying alcohol for Cosmopolitan's bars is a tequila goddess. I'm not really sure what this means, but apparently, she has spent some time in Jalisco, Mexico and knows her tequila. If you're out there, Tequila Goddess, I salute you!
5	The concept of putting a bar inside an enormous chandelier is something that only Vegas could pull off.  And to be fair, they did a great job of it.  It's a 3-story bar that gives you exactly what you'd expect:  really good, overpriced drinks served by absurdly hot bartenders and waitresses.  I've been here a few times simply because people I've been with had to have a cosmopolitan in the chandelier bar in the Cosmopolitan.  ($13 each, btw)  They seemed happy with them.  I've enjoyed a couple of their wine offerings in the past, and I'm sure the next time I'm with some Vegas noob who just has to have a cosmo there, I'll try another.This place is also awesome for people watching, because let's face it, chicks dress to impress here.  The only knock on the place is that some of the couches are starting to look a little worn, which detracts from the whole atmosphere of the place.
3	The Chandelier is at the Cosmopolitan."Ooooh."  "Aaaah.""It's so prettty."Shout out to the person or person(s) who thought of this concept. It's literally a gigantic chandelier in the middle of the hotel consisting of 3 floors and a bar on each floor with seating areas.  It sounds odd but the entire thing is spectacular. Its visually stunning and a great use of space.  Hence the above phrases that came to mind when I first saw the Chandelier. I finally had the chance to check out the Chandelier, but I came here right after the gut busting, meat heavy dinner at Delmonico Steakhouse. I felt like a busted can of biscuits :(  The Chandelier was pretty packed and we didn't have the patience or room to scope out each floor for preferred seating. We headed to the 3rd floor and found open seats right by the entrance. However, the 3rd floor also happened to be the same floor in which throngs of people were waiting around to get into Marquee. Needless to say it was very busy and very noisy.I ordered one cocktail, my boyfriend ordered a beer. Our server was pretty but seemed indifferent. We were drinking and chatting for about an hour before being told that the 3rd floor bar was closing which was a bit odd seeing as how it wasn't that late at all.I'd come back during the day when its less crowded to check out each floor and have my pick of seating.
1	WOW, I wish I can give this place ZERO stars!I've read about the "amazing" drinks they serve here so I had to give it a try when I was in Vegas this past weekend.Since each "floor" has a different drink menu I just randomly decided to try out the top floor bar.  The bar was busy but not packed, the crowd is a bit on the higher end but there were some "partying bros" mixed in.I walk up to the bar and patiently wait while the bartender fixes her current drink.  She sees me but doesn't acknowledge the fact that i'm there waiting.  She takes her sweet time and eventually i'm able to ask her for the menu.Kaffir the Reaper catches my eye and my wife decides on the Misty Rose.  I then patiently wait for the waitress to finish up with some other customers while watching her basically scream " I WISH I WASN'T HERE RIGHT NOW" the whole time.  She eventually takes my order and makes my drinks (and i'm pretty sure she only mixed in 3 of the 5 ingredients listed in my drink from the menu).The total was 28 bucks and I give her 30 dollars....at this point i'm thinking i'll just tip her 2 dollars... BUT, unfortunately i've been brainwashed to tip better than that, especially at a higher end joint like this.  So I give her a 5 dollar tip and there was no acknowledgement, no thank you,  no NOTHING.   This bartender probably has the best damn job in the world... a job where you can be super slow, super rude, super bitchy AND get tipped 5 bucks for basically 1 minute worth of work.I don't expect to be best pals with the bartender but a simple "how are you doing" followed by an occasional "please" and "thank you" doesn't seem like too much to ask.I can understand this level of service if I was at a frat bar chugging Long Islands or at a super busy club with customers backed up into the dance floor, but for this type of establishment I feel the service was completely unacceptable.   Seriously, fire this person before you lose all your customers.
2	Even though I didn't feel like I was "floating in a magical world of crystals", nor was I mesmerized by the world's (allegedly) largest crystal chandelier, I did find this place visually impressive. However, all the razzle-dazzle cannot disguise the unfortunate shortcomings of The Chandelier. For starters, the service (this word in itself is a very generous overstatement) is incredibly slow here. It took almost 30 minutes (sadly, we measured) for our cocktail waitress to approach us on a relatively slow evening when half of the floor was still empty. Then, it took an other half hour for three drinks to arrive. The second round was just as slow as the first. Then, to make things worse, I ordered some water. I know, I must have been out of my mind to request bottled water and our drowsy waitress made sure we knew how appalled she was by this senseless act. At first, she totally ignored my request and after a friendly reminder, she just threw a large bottle of water on the table. Without glasses. I guess she really couldn't entertain the idea of needing to serve plain old water; or it's just a really unusual situation and she wasn't sure how to handle it. Or maybe she was floating in an enchanted world of crystals... and occasionally disappeared into her own magical mindscape. (For her sake, I hope it's the latter.)
5	Great classy bar! Great service!  Beautiful!  Worth every penny and more!
4	Having drinks inside a giant chandelier feels quite elegant.  That's the thrill of this place.  The drinks were decent and the people-watching is great.  There was a live band at the time we were there.  They were playing music that reminded me of an episode of Boardwalk Empire.  That's not my genre of music, so I wasn't impressed even though the main singer did have a great voice.  It's a great spot to spot on your way to the club or just lounge around in for a while with friends if you don't feel like clubbing.
4	This bar is absolutely beautiful! I've never been to a more gorgeous bar environment! The drinks were very unique. I had the "Campfire Delight" martini that had real toasted marshmallows on top! That was cool! Besides the beautiful atmosphere and drinks, the bar doesn't have much going on and staring at the Chandelier (although gorgeous) got a bit boring. But we still had a great time!
5	So far exploring Vegas for a good cocktail had been extremely difficult. I came across this gem and if you fancy any WELL MADE drink, this is the best place in Vegas. #Cheers.
5	Gonna make this one short and sweet.- Live Music!- Great Drinks!- Awesome Wait Staff- Great Drinks (great pours!)- Great atmosphere- Smoking levels for those who care to partake- Lots of seating- Great designSimple. Right. Hey it's not anything you've probably seen before, so drink up!
4	This is listed as one of the top ten bars in Las Vegas. It's in the Cosmopolitan Hotel which is fabulous!! This bar is multi levels, so depending on what mood you're in...  Great for people watching, and on certain nights they have a live band play. We caught "Slim Jenkins" last Friday and they were AWESOME!!
4	Definitely will come back here many many times as long as I keep going to Vegas and don't feel old.Main problem with this place is it can get crowded and hard to find seating.  Especially if you want a specific floor.  Keep in mind that each floor has different drink menu. I had snuck down to the 2nd floor just to get a fire breathing dragon, which was really good.  There were a few other drinks I had gotten that were pretty good, although a bit weak on the alcohol.  But delicious nonetheless and the atmosphere is pretty unique.  Only con of this place is that it does get crowded and service is slow.
5	Stopping here at the elegant, classy bar was probably the highlight of my trip to Vegas.  I'm a big beer drinker, but after sampling cocktails done right, you've got my attention.  Those cocktails were simply works of liquid art, they were sexy and seductive and lethal.  I would have never thought I would have been happy to pay 12-15 for a drink, wrong.  For the beauty, the professional craft and service displayed by the staff, the swank settings, the complimentary music of Slim Jenkins on a Saturday night, it made me realize what is special and unique about Vegas.  We stopped here for the first time after having a few slices at Secret Pizza at the second bar.  My lady had a few Cosmos and I had a Bluegrass Shuffle.  Came back later that night at the first floor, bellied up to the lounge and I had a Manhattan made with Bulleit Bourbon and it was trouble, trouble, trouble.  I liked the fact that they used blueberries in their Manhattan.  Confession, met a father and son sitting next to us at the bar, his son was home from Afghanistan, and we were chatting, long story short, I gave my alcohol infused blueberry to the son, and his dad intercepted it!  Met some friends there for some music and just relaxed and lounged for a bit.  Very cool experience, special moment for me and my girl.
4	What an awesome place. The Cosmo (Hotel) is amazing.
5	I was prepared in all of my Vegas pessimism to hate it here. For all of the beautiful venues The Cosmopolitan offered, The Chandelier being a bar inside of a chandelier, sounded gimmicky, tacky, and stupidly touristy. In spite of all of those things, I've had nothing but a great time for every time I've been here.There is probably nothing in the Cosmo that gives off a more pretentious vibe than the nightlife options in the resort than sipping overpriced drinks while surveying the scene. Isn't that what a lot of folks end up doing any way regardless of the venue? Might as well do it inside of a chandelier, you never know who is hiding behind those crystals. Plus, the light emanating from the various beads is a kind of a cool effect while sipping on cocktails.Speaking of cocktails, while understandably pricey, they're made with all the TLC any bar could ask for. From general mixes like an Old Fashioned or Goose Martini, try a new spin in their New Fashioned and Marsh Tini (with toasted marshmellows). A sazerac and hot mule are highly recommended, as is the lychee martini and my personal Vegas classic, the purple hooter. In between sips, some quiet conversation would be a nice touch.On the service front, be good to the waitress / cocktail server and they'll be good to you. This means not complicating your order with specific recipes, taking recommendations, and being flexible as many of the drinks are pretty atypical. If the bartender suddenly decides to be friends with you, now you've really done it.The Chandelier isn't an end all option for the evening, but a great place to start. It's also just a place to casually hang and enjoy adult beverages and taking in the grandeur of quite possibly the Strip's most gorgeous casino.
5	The drinks are absolutely amazing here!! they are soo creative and tasty! the place is beautiful and the bartenders are very skilled!
4	Yes it is "gimmicky".. isn't that what Vegas is all about?  It is really beautiful, and a fun place to see and visit.  We perused all 3 levels, settled in at the top (it was 2 in the afternoon, so "ambience" did not matter so much to us at this point).  Temps outside at 117 deg. F., so we were hot and thirsty.Todd was our bartender, and did an excellent job of attending to our needs.  My hubs ordered a Mojito, which he declared to be the "best I've ever had".  I actually only drank Seven-Up.. was too hung over and hot for anything else.  But loved visiting here, really spectacular.
5	Stunning atmosphere and amazing service!  A big thank you to Gregory and Randy for keeping us happy.  Secret pizza was awesome.
5	Still beautiful.Friendly bartenders. Strong drinks. I'm always going to be mesmerized by the decor. I love it so much. Lounge and chill. -Give it a try!
5	The grandeur of L.V. is evident in everything from the neon lights on the show girls that casually walk past your roulette table at the casino but to step foot inside a 3 story chandelier with a bar on each level at its core.. well that is something that will resonate in my mind more than the latter. The plans on this trip were kept mostly secret to me but The Chandelier was one of the locations that leaked out as the dates neared our departure. I. Was. Stoked. Walking into the Cosmo you could tell we were in for a unique experience. I felt a bit like a child walking into Willy Wonka's Chocolate factory. I could feel my eyes widen as the massive spectacle appeared as we approached. To put simply: that m.f. is HUGE!We walked to the top and took our seat on the plush leather couch. A cute blonde waitress took our drink orders and we sat gazing around at the crystals as the light cast rainbow beams that danced around the bar. My manhattan was stiff and delivered with a smile.We took our drinks down to the first level where there was a band with a gorgeous brunette filling the room with her soulful voice. We sat in a booth and enjoyed the company of another group of tourists while the singing siren covered a few more songs.A must for a romantic unforgettable tourist stop.
5	I saw the reviews and pics on yelp and wanted to try it for myself. I have to say, it blew my mind away. First of you are inside a giant chandelier which in itself transports you to a different world. You feel like you are in a palace or something. It was that crowded so we got a nice seat at the sofa. The service was prompt and very friendly. The drink I had was so delicious. I wish I could remember the name but I have no idea what its called. At first I thought I ordered the wrong thing because it looked like a frozen drink and I do not like frozen drinks but then I tasted it and it was puree. One of the best drinks I've ever had. When I go back to Vegas this is one place I'm definitely going to again.
5	My wife and I were exploring the strip and found this place by accident. Great atmosphere, comfortable sofas, friendly people and wonderful service. But what made this a night to remember was the band. I am extremely picky with my music and have heard some horrible Vegas lounge acts. This was not one of them. The Jennifer Keith Quintet was nothing short of spectacular. Swing band era tunes were performed superbly and they were dressed  in period appropriate outfits. Keith is sometimes sultry, sometimes wild, sometimes soft and gentle, and always on key , in time and just right to put you in a feel good mood. Do yourself a favor and visit this lounge....especially if this band is playing!
5	Elegant, classy, and serves stiff drinks. My kind of place. Definitely one of my favorite bars in LV!
5	Best place to impress friends coming in town for free.  Only the young rich and beautiful allowed, and some high end workers
4	Stunning bar in the Cosmopolitan. Unfortunately we got there on Thursday extremely late and the place was closed. But it was definitely worth seeing.
4	Stopped here at this three story bar in the Cosmopolitan in Vegas.  Wife really enjoyed her drink (lemon drop) and I just kind of liked mine (sidecar).  Nice place to sit, relax, drink, people watch. Its a little pricey considering you can drink your face off for free 10 steps away if you put a dollar in a slot machine.
4	I have been to Chandelier a few times, it's really beautiful. Go to the 2nd (in between) level and order the Lemon Verbena, not on the menu. Pay an extra couple dollars each to get extra flowers for everyone in your group. You chew the flower (don't swallow) and it will do a weird frothing thing in your mouth for at least 5 minutes. It feels like there's a little fountain in there. The first time, my boyfriend gave me one and I hit him afterwards. But of course I had to repay the favor to my group of 5 the next time I was in Cosmo with a Bachelorette party. VERY entertaining to watch the facial expressions of your friends! And well worth the $23 I spent for the drink + another 3 flowers.Chandelier is always hoppin even at 4 or 5 a.m. Why only 4 stars? One time they made me a terrible cocktail. Also, the bartenders at the bar itself tend to be really bitchy... at least to women.
5	Since I had such a great time at the Chandelier Bar during my last trip to Vegas we made it a return spot this time. Friday and Saturday night still gather a crowd for the house band and you can usually grab a seat if they are between sets. While they are playing it gets super busy and you might have to end up standing. The cocktails are around $14 and really interesting flavors. My new favorite was their version of a mai tai with strawberry puree. It was delicious. Our Friday night experience was really fun. Saturday night was busier, and too smokey-we had to leave. The first floor of the bar is my favorite. We tried going upstairs but the vibe is different. It's kind of boring upstairs.....so stop by the ground floor.
4	This bar was beautiful and very fun to sit at.  The bartenders were great as well.  The price was high but definitely to be expected.  Great bar in the center of a very fancy looking hotel!
3	Absolutely gorgeous, but the service was terrible. The three levels are incredible, and the drinks are tasty. We went to the second level and sat at the bar. It was very slow when we arrived, but the bartender did not acknowledge us for about ten minutes. I found it a bit rude when we ordered our drinks the bar tender then walked to another group, took their order, and made their drinks before ours. I had the Apple Jack ( I think that was the name) and it was delicious. At that point things went downhill. After trying to get her attention for about ten minutes and being blatantly ignored the bartender at the other side of the bar heard us and came over. I understand people get rowdy in Vegas and I can see how that can be incredibly annoying if you deal with it everyday. However everyone in our group was sober, and we were just trying to have a quiet  pre dinner cocktail.
5	Amazing place to come and have a low-ish key night; plenty of room on a Sunday night to grab seats. I highly recommend trying the specialty cocktails - they're a little pricey but are extremely well made and contain a surprising amount of liquor. The bartenders are very friendly and knowledgeable too
4	Love this bar! After reading Yelp reviews for Vegas bars, I had high expectations and the Chandelier Bar did not disappoint. First off, it's gorgeous...what girl doesn't want to be surrounded by crystals? It's three levels and each level has a different drink menu. I sortamaybe hate trying new things and they were happy to make me a killer Margarita (or 5). One of my favorite things to do in Vegas is people watch. Located in the center of the super trendy Cosmopolitan, it was a great place to grab a pre dinner drink and soak up the sights from a comfy couch. But...be ready to pay Vegas inflated prices! 2 Margaritas and 2 double Jack n' Cokes cost us over $75. I started and finished every night in Vegas at the Chandelier Bar and regret nothing. Can't wait to go back!
5	My new favorite lounge in Vegas. Wonderful and tasty unique cocktails. Amazing atmosphere because the lounge is inside a gigantic chandelier. It has three levels and as a nonsmoker it was really nice to be able to sit on the second floor which is nonsmoking. Great for people watching. It was really busy on a Saturday night but once the waitress noticed that we hadn't been served, she was very attentive and even took our picture for us.
5	I HATE paying $14 for a drink. I not only paid $14 for one drink, but I liked it so much I bought another one. My boyfriend (who is also cheap like me) ordered a second drink. Jason was our bartender and suggested I try the Immaculate Conception, which was like a Manhattan, if a Manhattan had some edible gold and some sort of chai flavor to it. It was AMAZING and very pretty. My boyfriend got the Cereal Killer and it tasted like what your milk tastes like at the end of eating Cinnamon Toast Crunch, so it was pretty awesome. There was a decent live band playing that night and it was a fun atmosphere. I totally suggest it, but set aside some extra money for it first.
5	girliest. moment. ever.after striking a pose on the over-sized high heeled fetish shoes around the cosmopolitan and being mesmerized by digital floating jelly fish and female bodies in the lobby, we enjoyed a night cap post din-din at the chandelier bar.classy and private with the crystals and chains providing some partitions in the booth seating.  the prices are also quite reasonable for cocktails and vino with lots of instagram worthy moments.love, loves, loved.
5	This was on my must-see Vegas list and it surpassed my expectations. One word: WOW! Although when you touch the strands of chandelier it's cheapy, the effect and look is simply stunning. Who doesn't want to sit and drink inside the world's biggest chandelier?? It's 3 stories, no cover charge. You just walk in and can sit on any level. We sat in the middle. My bf went up to get our drinks so I can't comment on the service. We found seats immediately and spent some time in there lounging, all kinds of crowds, but definitely very fitting considering the rest of the crowd and decor in The Cosmopolitan. I didn't know they had their own drinks so I'll be coming back, for sure!
1	Drinks were too light. We really questioned if any at all. Our group of ten didn't get any good mixed drinks. We had to switch to beer and wine to make sure we got what we were paying for. Slow service for a Friday night. Looked cool but not worth the money for crap drinks.
5	GORGEOUS! This bar did not disappoint. My husband took me here cause he knew I'd love it. I got the fire breathing dragon & I have to say you must try it & have your video camera ready. The band was great & so was the waiting staff it is a very comfortable & sophisticated atmosphere. I'd definitely recommend coming here to just have a couple drinks with the girls or a loved one. I hope to actually stay at the hotel next time we are in Vegas.
5	This place totally rocks!  Lindsay is awesome behind the bar. Extremely welcoming and sweet. Not to mention she can make some GREAT drinks. Must ask her for the Verbina. Thanks also to Marina for letting us try her new Thanksgiving drink. It was unbelievably delicious!  GREAT EXPERIENCE!
5	This is the place to start any night! I love the drama of the crystals and the lights. I have held my birthday party, graduation party and several girls nights The Chandelier. I just love the atmosphere. But most importantly, I love the drinks! Their wine and champagne are typical for any upscale bar in Vegas. But we come for the mixology. No matter which floor you are on the bartenders are consistent in their craftsmanship and aim to please. My personal favorites are their spin on the Cosmopolitan and the Lychee Martin. If you don't know what you want just say which ingredients you like and they will surprise you with something fun, spunky or completely unexpected. For a more intimate setting go up to the "1.5 Floor" and for the ultimate in people watching get to the 2nd level (same floor as Marquee Nightclub). Every level is just plain SEXY!
4	Seeing this place is just amazing when u think about the amount of work put into creating such an awesome visual. Makes sitting around and having a drink that much more interesting.  Good place for people watching and  ejoying the scenery. Alot of people stop to take photos and even more tend to photo bomb these poor souls and its funny to watch as they struggle to get there smart phones to focus. Service has been good everytime im here and expect to pay top dollar for ur drinks and dont complain. Ur in the center of one of the nicer casinos in Las Vegas, its not cheap. Definetly will be back especially to show off this location to visiting friends.
4	Who knew sipping cocktails in a giant, sparkly chandelier would make you feel so fancy?
5	Kat is awesome waitress. Suggested great drinks. Super atmosphere. Great cosmos. Fun place to hangout with a group. Highly recommend a few drinks in this bar.
5	Very cool spot to lounge or serve as a launchpad to further evening festivities.
4	What a very beautiful place.   We came here after dinner.  We were greeted by Jason who is an awesome bartender.  He suggested a few cocktails.   I tried the Rose fizz.   It was so refreshing and delicious.  Jason was very helpful and was very knowledgeable.   Loved it here.  This place is really chill.   This is a must place to visit with the beautiful chandeliers.
5	Came here on a holiday weekend and stopped to grab a quick drink. The bartenders were nice and recommended a drink called the Black Heart! It was delicious, it is a blackberry based drink with other liqueurs that are impossible to find and recreate... Such a let down when you get back to reality and try to make it yourself.
4	So you know about the different levels of the Chandelier and that each level has its own menu? Yes! If you are a light drinker like me, make sure to check out all three menus before committing yourself to a drink! The first level is great for people watching but go to the second level for a more intimate atmosphere! And if you like Thai desserts, try the Fit to be Thai drink on the second level. I could easily finish two of those. Or three.
4	Wow!  I had walked by but never stopped here.Sitting under the chandelier is amazing.  The drinks & the service are the best.  Our waitress Dominique is perfect for her job.  Love it!  Another reason to stay @ this area.  The Cosmo, Aria, Vidira & the Mandarin are great & a lot of fun!
3	The ambience is great, beautiful bar.  We caught them on a slow night so that was a bummer because there wasn't much in the way of people watching!  I'm a beer drinker but the innovative cocktails my friends ordered were fun and interesting!  Pricey as you would expect at the Cosmo.  I would love to try this place again on a busier night.
5	After a show, the No1DP and I wanted to do some more people-watching over drinks. A scroll-through of Vegas Eater and Yelp brought us here.VENUE: 3 levels in the middle of the Cosmopolitan inside the chandelier. Top floor looks to be quite the destination for the Vegas people-watching scene as you get impressive views of people walking around the shops and people waiting in line to get into or out of Marquee. The bottom floor is the classic casino bar that serves their classical cocktail menu, which includes such favorites as the hotel's interpretation of the Cosmopolitan. The middle level, dubbed 1.5, is home to Vegas' only molecular mixology bar - that's right, molecular gastronomy on a cocktail level. No1DP and I wanted to people-watch for hot messes so we tried to look for seats overlooking the Marquee, but at that time all the bar seats and couches were full. We saw the stairs heading down...The middle level in contrast was quite secluded from the casino as the chandelier blocked most of the view of the outside. This eventually became a moot point, because we were in for quite an experience.SERVICE: As it was a Saturday night at 11:30pm it was quite busy, but the bartenders still served us well and walked us through our drinks, making our drinks right in front of us.DRINKS: No1DP had one drink, I had 2. We find out from bartenders that as of last week their menu changes seasonally and what we had in front of us was the new cocktail menu unrolled 10/25. Because of my stupidity I didn't take any pictures of the menu :/No1DP's drink, "Smokey the Bear" ($15), consisted of wild turkey rye, amaro melleti house made maple-pecan liqueur, zirbenzpine liqueur served over an applewood smoked ice sphere. Using a blowtorch over the ice ball created a smoky effect over the glass and created a filter for the bottom layer, which affected the final taste. He says he's never had a drink quite like this and thoroughly enjoyed his drink.As for me...1)  I got a suggestion from the bartender if I liked Thai food. There are actually *two* drinks that evoke the feeling of eating Thai food. One of them is supposed to taste like a Thai iced tea, but I wanted to try something different. The drink is something I can't quite describe, closest would be eating a peanut butter green curry. As unappetizing as it sounds, this drink swept me off my feet and seriously competed with the No1DP for my unwavering attention that night. To date this is the best thing I have EVER drank. [UPDATE 11/24: Thanks to a pic of the menu, this is their "Bruce Tea" ($14) - Kai Coconut Pandan Vodka, St. George Thai Basil Eau de Vie, Matcha Tea Powder, Peanut Butter, Lemongrass Infused Coconut cream, Birdseye Chili, Ginger Puree, Kaffir Lime Leaves]2) No1DP, noticing how much I LOVED my first drink, suggested for me to get a different drink. Going off a suggestion (and that there was no more liquid nitrogen for Fire Breathing Dragon), I got a off-menu cocktail, the Verbena. The cocktail itself is their take on a mule (Recipe listed here - http://www.vegastripping.com/news/blog/4867/booze-cosmopolitans-verbena-recipe-the-szechuan-button/) but the highlight was the buzz button in the center, Acmella oleracea. You eat the flower in the center, which is supposed to numb your tongue as you sip your cocktail, which definitely enhances the ginger and sour notes. You're supposed to drink ALL of it while your tongue is numb. As they use a good quality vodka you do NOT taste any of the vodka and the ginger tea and ginger beer combination blend quite nicely.As of this writing I found my most favorite cocktail and my most favorite bar. You definitely won't hear me complaining about expensive sub-par drinks because drinking here is worth every pretty penny.
5	This place is amazing!! Jason was our mixologist and he was very knowledgeable and pleasant. We had a blast in there talking cocktails with him. You can really tell that he enjoys his job and cares bout putting out a quality product. A++++ for Jason at Chandelier.
3	Great ambience! This bar was a great place to grab a drink & people watch or just hang with great company. I really enjoyed the lounge style decor & the drinks here are pretty decent for a casino bar.I, of course, ordered a vodka grey goose with tonic and was surprised that 75% of it was alcohol. My friend ordered a rum & diet coke and again the drink had a good amount of rum. :-) I'm not quite sure on pricing but seemed decent.The waitresses are dressed in cute lacy mini dresses and are very pleasant. Overall, for a hotel lobby bar this is a good spot.
5	the wife was right...this place is quite nice. it was our first night out in vegas on a recent trip. i am not a big fan of the club music, designer jean clubs in vegas...so this place was a welcome reprieve. it is hard not to miss. beautiful chandeliers adorn every square inch of ceiling. there was an awesome band playing...straight out of the bettie page era. thus it seemed to attract a more non-douchy crowd. drinks were high as usual, but heavy on the flavor and alcohol. it's easy to find a place to sit and enjoy some music without it being too loud. very, very cool spot.
5	I always love coming to the Chandelier for drinks. The ambiance is exactly what I'm looking for when I'm visiting Las Vegas. Since it's within the Cosmo, you'll still get the upscale chic vibe that you'd expect in a boutique resort. It's usually easy to find space to occupy since this lounge spans 3 stories.
4	Really cool multi-floor design covered by what else ... Chandeliers!It's the perfect match for the Cosmo.  Drinks were okay but pricey.  The atmosphere was great.
5	Such a great lounge! Located in the impressive Cosmopolitan hotel, The Chandelier does not disappoint. The lounge is very open and has three levels, centered around a small stage on the ground floor that has live music in the evenings. This is a great place to kick back with friends, cozy up in one of the plushy chairs, and have a cocktail or two (or three)! C'mon it's Vegas!  After the Las Vegas Half Marathon, I was beat and wasn't in the mood to put on 4 inch heels, stand in line to get into a crowded night club and pay a $20 cover just to get in.  The Chandelier provided just the chic but relaxed atmosphere I was looking for. While the crowd is slightly older, service is great here, and we had no trouble getting drinks and more drinks. The real five star experience comes from the beautiful sparkling crystals that surround you and devour you in its beauty. There's a magical feel to this lounge that makes me feel as if I was transported back in time to a far away era where troubles and worries melt away.
5	The best drink menu I experienced in Vegas. I was with a group of four, and everyone ordered a different drink. Each was amazing.
5	fancy fancy!! Love this for a girls night out or a date. It is just so pretty and the drinks are just as great *strong. It is across from Marquee so there is a ton of fun people watching as the night progresses. It is a lounge and there really is no room to stand. Seating is fairly limited under the crystal canopy. Just a pretty place to see and be seen
4	That Wednesday night, our attempt to find Marquee @ The Cosmo was Fail. We got on the elevator with red lighting, but couldn't find the club. It began to feel like we were being watched/filmed/in a cube made up of one-way mirrors, & my paranoia eventually had me assuming that the elevator was some type of 'bouncer' elevator that takes uncool/unhot people on a ride that always leads right back to the ground floor. lol.We gave up & went straight to The Chandelier, where we found out that Marquee was closed. Or so they told us. Hmm. Being a gigantic, sparkling chandelier that turns white/champagne/pink/purple & hues in between (easy to see who their target market is), the bar is hard to miss. I'm guessing the person that came up with the concept was lying on the floor, spacing out with his party friends & staring up at the chandelier..& his friends were all like OMG a giant chandelier that's also a bar!?!!!? you're crazy but sOOo brilliant. Thanks for making it a reality.You'll find the bar around the center of the hotel, on the ground floor near the lobby, I think. We passed some slot machines on the way there. I thought the concept was pretty cool, having never seen/been in anything like it before. My sister thought it had this 70's disco vibe to it, which she wasn't too crazy about. We ordered 4 cosmos (we figured this would be the best drink to order at The Cosmo....that, & every rare night out is an ode to SATC, for us), & I remember nice female servers with backless tops. The Chandelier is a pretty place for relaxing & having a drink or few with your girlfriends/gay friends, to set the mood for the night or maybe enjoy that 1 last drink before calling it a night. It's definitely a beautiful space, perfect for photo ops. I see myself going back there for that.
4	The place:-BEAUTIFUL LOUNGE!!! You are surrounded by glimmering and shiny crystals no matter where you sit. It is sooo pretty and I love the fact that it's not super loud so you have no problem talking to whomever has the pleasure of joining you at The Chandelier in that evening. -This amazing place is located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino. You will find it easily by looking for the shiny crystals dripping from the roof down to the third floor of the lounge.- I love the fact that this place has three floors and all three have different menus. I totally wanted to explore each floor.The decor for this place is outstanding and their menus all consist of tasty drinks. -I had no trouble finding a comfy spot to sit at with the loving husband and had no trouble deciding on a few drink choices to order. -The waitresses was really nice and welcomed us within minutes of finding a seat, professional and quick to recommend. -The place seems very artistic and inviting. The dim lighting (watch your step) makes it an intimate and classy place. 10/10The Drinks: I had been reading about all the amazing drinks that The Chandelier had to offer. We started on the 2ND FLOOR in which we of course asked about one of the drinks that we had read about on yelp... The fire breathing dragon.. we were sadly informed that they did not have the nitrogen that day to serve that drink. I was so disappointed. We then asked about the cereal killer drink and she said that the top floor is the one that serves it. We were then recommended a few drinks out of the menu in the second floor. We ordered: CAT'S CRADEL $14. The menu states that this drink is made up of "86 Co Ford's Gin, Hum Botanical, Plum Rose Shrub, Fresh Lemon, topped with dry Lavendar soda and a rim of Li Hing Mui powder". This drink was very light in alcohol taste. It was very easy to drink, sweet and tasty. Unfortunately it wasn't how I expected it to be, it was weak (I like my drinks a little bit stronger than that). The ingredients in the drink though are all fresh, presentation of the drink itself is pretty, and the rim was delicious to lick off. I enjoyed it but didn't really love it or hate it. 5/10The TOP FLOOR of The Chandelier, we decided to ask about the other yelp famous drink called the Cereal Killer. The bartender then said that the bottom floor is the one that makes that drink. I wish the bartenders knew the menus for each floor because after being tossed around like that, it felt like maybe they did not know what drinks are served in each floor. Sigh.. no cereal killer so then I went ahead and asked the bartender what she would recommend me to try. She quickly made me a KENTUCKY GIRL SCOUT. The menu states " Basil Hayden, Mozart Dark Chocolate, Green Creme de Menthe, Angostura, Vanilla syrup and cream" $13 Light green in color and served in a martini glass with the rim dipped in dark chocolate. It reminded me of mint chocolate ice cream for sure. The drink was a bit stronger in taste but it was definitely delicious. I was able to taste the creme and the mint in it without making anything too over powering in flavor. The drink was very well made and truly enjoyable. 9/10In high hopes of finally having one of the drinks that everyone raves about, we headed to the BOTTOM floor in search of the yelp famous cereal killer. We were then sadly informed that they do not make that drink anymore. UGH sadly highly disappointed for the second time.. We had a gin and leeche drink. I forgot the name of it but it wasn't too bad. 8/10 I was sure hoping that the third floor would wow me. We decided to give the 2nd floor another stop and order their COWBOYS AND INDIANS  $20 since it consist of a mini sampling of 3 drinks on their menu (this is only on the menu because of Thanksgiving). -Sanquine Eyes- The red color drink on the picture. This one was my favorite of the sample. It has brandy and cinnamon syrup. It has a hint of cranberry in it as well which made it taste sweet.  8/10-Smokey the Bear- very manly drink. Way tooo strong for me. I had to have the bartender make it a little sweeter and lighter for me. She was super awesome and added a few stuff to it and made sure that I liked it before she walked away. The drink has a giant ball of ice in it that gives the drink a very smokey flavor. It has a strong maple pecan flavor. It has "Wild Turkey Rye, Amaro Melleti House made maple- pecan liqueur, and Zirbenz pine liqueur" This for sure was not my favorite drink but it was ok to drink after the bartender fixed it for me. 7/10-Pioneer Woman- This drink has roasted marshmallow foam, a hint of butternut squash, cinnamon and walnut.. pretty funky in taste but at least I tried it. Very pecan-ish and not my favorite. 6/10**Deducted the star because unfortunately they did not serve two of their drinks that I had seen on yelp. I would love to go back and hopefully get to try these drinks and spend some cozy, lovely time in this pretty lounge again.
5	You know the huge, gorgeous chandelier thing that you see when you enter from the bridge from the east side of the strip. That's a bar! That's this bar!! You feel so fancy walking into this shimmery, glassy, glossy chamber of drinks.My friend wanted to get me a special drink for my birthday, a "secret menu" drink if you will. Go to the 2nd level. Apparently, it's all "Vermina" and it is some cocktail with a flower stem thingie in it. I'm not sure if it's a dandelion or a daisy.. but you're supposed to chew it and then drink the cocktail.When you start chewing, you immediately start to feel your mouth getting numb. The chemicals that are secreted from the flower core are like.. stinging and numbing at the same time. It's a totally weird sensation. I also felt like I was uncontrollably drooling (although my friends said that I wasn't. Whew!). The cocktail itself is like.. a pineapple vodka or something. I didn't watch them make it, and to be honest, I'm not sure if it even tasted like pineapple since my mouth was all numb.. Anyway, very interesting drink and experience. $16, but I'd definitely recommend to try it at least once!
4	I had drinks here with a friend who is a local and recommended this lounge.The ambiance is lovely! Posh and cozy couch areas. Glamorous strings of glittering beads hanging all around you. Attentive servers. And intriguing cocktails! The price point is steep though. Their specialty cocktails ring in about $15 bucks each + tax and tip...that's a lot even for a San Franciscan used to ridiculous prices. But I suppose it's Vegas and the drinks really are delicious.  Pay close attention to the base alcohol and unique ingredients listed on the menu so you can make sure you get a cocktail you really enjoy (bitters blegh). I ordered the Cat's Cradle to start off with something a little more sweet, fresh, and floral. And for my second drink I got more adventurous and ordered the spicy sweet and citrusy Dante's Inferno and it did not disappoint!
5	If I could live here, I would. It is an understatement to say I LOVE the Chandelier Bar. I like how you feel completely cut off from the rest of the hotel depending on where you're seated.After taking several dozen pix with all things sparkly, we settled into one of the velvet chairs on the second floor. I had heard of several "good" drinks, but in the end I chose The Bruce Tea. It was like drinking a dessert-- that good. Sweet but not too sweet, with a bit of coconut after taste.My friend got 2 of their specialty cocktails but the consensus was to get this amazing drink. Well worth the $$. I will for sure be back.
4	The Chandelier is a multi-story love bar in the middle of the Cosmopolitan Hotel. It's a memorable setting with memorable drinks and plenty of unique couches, seats, and tables. It's easy to find a spot just right for you and your friends.Plus one star for having several flavors of Hangar One Vodka available!Another bonus star for super friendly, but efficient servers. No complaints at all.My wife rated the Cosmopolitan hotel's house Cosmopolitan ($15) her favorite drink in Vegas. If she's happy, then I'm happy. I was looking for something different and tried a cocktail called Bruce Tea ($14) with Kai Coconut Pandanus Vodka, St. George Thai Basil Eau de Vie, Lemongrass-infused Coconut Cream, Birdseye Chili, Ginger Puree, Kaffir Lime Leaves, and sprinkled with Matcha Tea Powder. It was too different. I switched to Hangar One Mandarin and Tonic ($14) for the rest of the evening.If you are staying or visiting the Cosmopolitan Hotel, it will be hard to miss the giant crystal strands of the Chandelier. It may not be a destination bar, but it is the best bar at the Cosmopolitan. Don't miss the opportunity to relax for a few rounds of drinks.
4	Really good cocktails served from the inside of a three-level chandelier above The Cosmo's main casino floor. This place is cool, unique, classy, ostentatious, and a bit cheesy at the same time... so basically it's the most Vegasy of Vegas lounges. I pretty much grab a drink there every time I'm in Sin City. This time, my lady-friend enjoyed a sweet Cinnamony holiday cocktail that was pretty outstanding. We chatted with a dude drinking alone about predator drones. Visit The Chandelier for unique Vegas experience filled with people watching and gawking at the sheer audacity of Vegas design.
5	Ohhh the Chandelier. Awesome Bar and even more awesome bartender. This place was extremely busy when I stopped by. That did not stop the bartender from acknowledging everyone and serving them in a very timely manner. I really liked their Old Fashion here. Best way to sum it up is : Opulence I has it! :DDCheers!
5	I found this bar accidentally, taking a shortcut through The Cosmopolitan on an escalator. I'm so glad I did! Definitely ride the escalator from the third floor down to the first to get the full sparkly effect, and then walk up the stairs in the bar itself. Second floor has the most seating. Just the setting is unbelievable: you're completely surrounded by shimmering crystals, you feel like you are actually in a chandelier. I was a little concerned about being underdressed, because I just stopped in after a day of shopping: I was definitely not dressed for "going out." But it was totally fine, some girls were dressed up but for the most part it was just people in jeans, relaxing and having a few drinks.So the drinks are definitely pricey. The specialty cocktails were all $12-$15, but I knew that going in. I love fancy cocktails and I wanted to try something new, so I asked the waitress what she recommended. She suggested the Bruce Tea, which I had already read about in other Yelp reviews, so I went for it. It was so good! It had a bunch of crazy ingredients, including matcha powder and peanut butter (?), but it really worked. A bit sweet, definitely you could taste the matcha and also a bit of ginger. Delicious.Don't miss this bar, this was my favorite place on the Strip by far.
3	This place was definitely gorgeous. The 3 stars are ALL DEDICATED to the actual chandelier that drapes over the bar.  The music was OK.  I don't mind paying $16.00 for a drink,  but not when it taste like 100% alcohol and nothing else.   The ambiance was very lax (almost empty) and it was a Friday night at midnight. I might give it another shot in the summer only because the chandelier is worth it.
5	If you know me personally this one's a no brainer - I tend to flock towards shiny objects.  But you don't have to have my affinity for sparklyness to enjoy this wonder.  Sipping some champagne cocktails while being enveloped in crystals?  If you don't like the sound of that please leave Vegas immediately.  This is definitely my favorite spot for a post brunch or pre Marquee refreshment.Ooo something shiny...
5	This is the usual meeting spot for my friends and I when we visit the Cosmopolitan.  You get to admire the stunning crystal decorations and enjoy accessible wines and cocktails.  Everybody raves about the mixologist at Chandelier 1.5 upstairs.  I liked the days when they had that DJ pumping music in the middle of the bar, high above everyone else.  I think they sometimes play live music now.  I also remember getting some Chinese berries there that made my tongue numb for days.  They try to be cutting edge.
1	Why such a down grade?I love my micheladas...! Micheladas are my Las Vegas hangover/ day buzz drink hence I know how much they are at Bond, Vesper, Henry, Chandelier, Overlook....everywhere they will run you anywhere between $10 to $12  which is a-OK. I get it. You are at one of the nicest hotels on the Strip in Las Vegas and 12 bucks for a beer is acceptable by all means.BUT $20.00 each ?!?? Me thinks not. Thank you Caleb for providing a downer experience. I have ordered this drink from this same exact bar two hours ago and it was $12.00. Fast forward 2 hours and a shift change and I am paying 20.00 dollars  for 1 corona with clamato juice and limes??!!?Sorry I  don't like to complaint but you cannot make up your own prices and charge different prices  for the same exact drink! And If you do make that mistake please don't blame me for not knowing what I am talking about....-____-I get it you deal with a lot of tourists that have no clue...order one drink and never returnI still left a tip but man this is some shady business. I recommend that you ask how much the drinks are here or  even better order from the menu or you will be paying for ice cubes in your drink too @.@
1	I do not have any clue whatsoever as to why this place has 4.5 star rating overall.  Maybe for the chandelier decor and architecture ???Service was aggressively abysmal, drinks were terrible, and to top that off bartenders are inconsiderate, in attentive  and just plain jerks.  This place struggles w extremely poor service and some very unfortunate incidents have taken place in which they very easily cussed at customers who were simply requesting respect and decency - as any normal human would.  It seems that is too much to ask for here.I am genuinely perplexed as to why in an establishment of this supposed caliber; is this continued inferiority and denigrating customer service being experienced so often?  I guess they just don't care!Save your time and money by simply looking at the beautiful chandeliers.  There is really nothing other than that which this place can offer you.
4	I love the Cosmopolitan Hotel, super classy, like a Vegas hotel should be. The bar is located in the middle of casino, plenty of seating, with large velvet comfy chairs. Service is quick, but our cocktail waitress was a bit grumpy. Maybe if she pulled the stick out of her butt, she would feel better. Otherwise, I would definitely recommend coming here.
4	Fun drinks, high prices, good people watching, and variable levels of height and music volume; what's not to love?!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-chandelier-las-vegas?select=Bwh-FCVvwY0EbYM7aYW9dQ#Bwh-FCVvwY0EbYM7aYW9dQWe went through a few of the more interesting drinks on the 2nd floor level, where the ear blistering live band below provided just the right amount of noise. All the cocktails tasted as described and came with price tags that were par for Vegas. All in all a fun spot that I'll be sure to venture back to.
5	Find me here squinting my eyes after partaking in the infamous Cocktail "The Verbena"  It reminds me of a high class ginger margarita, garnished with a Szechuan flower (or bulb) you take a small sip, chew on the flower which then sets off a reaction along the trigeminal nerve pathway.  Cocaine like numbness to the lips makes you want to shake your hips.  Seriously this drink gives off a sensation to your taste buds and brainwaves like no other.  This should be on your things to do in Vegas no doubt.  ok now that I got that important info out of the way I can continue to rave why I love this bar.  Jennifer Keith Quintet...Yes the pin up diva from LA performs here one weekend out of the Month.  oh I forgot to mention it's the Worlds largest Chandelier.High-energy SpotCocktail delights for the true seekerMystique and chicInstagram worthy
5	One of the most beautiful bars I have been. Elegant crowd. Delicious clean drinks. Expensive. TRY the Verbena. It is a unique experience
4	My all time favorite bar in Las Vegas! Young and chill crowd! and a great place to sit and chill!
2	Way overpriced drinks, with my vodka martini starting at $17 and wasn't even evenly balanced.  The only plus side is the more than abundant staff trying to get you to drink more, so you'll never have to hunt one of them down.
2	Went on a Thursday night and the place wasn't too crowded. We were able to get a table pretty quick, but the service was not very good at all. The waitress barely came over to our group to check on us and the bartender needs a lesson in customer service. I told him my drink was lacking in vodka and his response was "we put the most vodka of any bar on the strip." And said I can pay extra to get another shot of vodka if I wanted to. Seriously? Why would I pay extra for something I should have gotten in the first place. Needless to say my friends and I will not be going back. There are way better bars elsewhere.  Don't waste your time here.
4	The Chandelier Bar at Cosmo is absolutely amazing. It's 3 stories high and actually built inside of a chandelier. The ambiance is incredible and the atmosphere is electric.   It is a very trendy spot to hang out in Cosmo and always has a great looking crowd. There are always plenty of places to sit and enjoy the view from within the casino. The bar staff and waitresses are extremely polite and helpful when it comes to deciding on your drink of choice. The Fire Breathing Dragon martini is a must try !!! Do not hesitate stopping by Chandelier Bar and checking it out. It's a guaranteed great place to be. Enjoy
4	Had a nice time at the bottom level of the Chandelier Bar in the Cosmo. There was a Frank Sinatra cover band and it was really great. It took a little while for our drinks while waiting at the bar and the bartender made me a pretty foul drink for one round but didn't ask how I liked it so I drank it anyhow and didn't complain.... I guess that's my fault.
3	This place is pretty cool the second level is nice if you want to sit and chill. The music level is not overbearing and the Frank Sinatra cover band is cool. The wait staff was great (I read a poor review on yelp and i didn't experience any of that) the drinks are cool and very different.  Overall if you eat nearby and want to chill afterwards, listen to music and people watch this is a good spot
4	Fast & friendly service - was told by a friend to order the drink with the edible flower.... It did not disappoint!  Lovely refreshing ginger cocktail that is served with a tiny edible flower that makes your mouth tingle. Loved it.
5	Heather is, without question, the best bartender ever. Sincere, attentive, courteous and smart - and funny - as hell. Do yourself a favor and check this bar out.
5	Great bar, great atmosphere, and awesome drinks. Order a drink called "The Verbatim." It is the best drink with a unique extra of a mouth numbing (then cooling) flower you chew before you drink.
5	My girlfriend and I live in southern Utah, where if you have been here or have lived here, getting a good buzz on is a struggle. Between the both of us, if we poured out all the weak ass margaritas, watered down cocktails, martinis that are teentee and not even worth ordering, and 3.2% alcohol Bud Light we ever had here, it would be enough to overflow the Hoover Dam. *SIGH* We love drinkin. And lucky for us, Vegas is near. We like bein fancy, or at least pretending we are. That's why we love this place. It's real fuckin pretty. The gigantic chandelier that this 3 story bar is located in is exquisite. We stayed at casino level, to people watch.  Our waitress was also real freakin pretty, and helpful. She assisted us in picking our poisons. I did have the Verbena, which was a trip! I don't recommend swallowing that bud... it made my stomach go "no" and I got a strong gut! But the drink was really good. I also had that and a pink one they made with gin that had a liquor soaked berry at the bottom. My girl had 2 of those. On a scale, we were on the drunker side of buzzed when we left here. The looks on our face were similar to this...  :)We ended up spending about 50 bucks a piece, but agreed it was worth it. Having some bonding time with good service in a pretty place with hot young people walking around, (with the exception of those in swimwear coming from the beach club, mucking up my scenery!) drinkin yummy, fancy drinks. Yeah, we'll be back. They have a lot of interesting and unique specialty drinks to try!I love the Chandelier bar because it gives you a one of a kind experience with one of a kind cocktails. Also, makes you feel like a fancy bitch. Final tip! If you are a man, take a woman here on a date. You will get some. You're welcome.
5	Went here last night and had probably the best drink there. The bruce tea. It was absolutely delicious and dangwrous. One of those drinks you forget there is alcohol in it. Sort of tasted like fruity pebbles (yes the cereal)The bar was really classy and nice. Had no problem walking in and find a seat. I will say though with how classy the whole bar look and the concept of the bar the waitresses outfits didn't really flow with it.
5	My favorite place for a drink!3 tiers with three different menus. Flower essences, muddled flowers and herbs. Fresh juice. Nothing more to ask for they have it all.
4	Fancy bar with great live music and the best mocktail I've ever had in my life. Dress up and enjoy the atmosphere!
4	I love the Chandelier bar in the Cosmo.  The hubby and I have been to every level (although we only made it to two of them this trip).  The one critique I have is that I wish they would change up their drink men.  Many of the same drinks have been on it for over a year.    I will say of all of the levels, 1.5 is by and far the best - the drinks are superbly made and well-balanced.  As you can see from the hubbies review in 2012 it is definitely on our list of places to go when we are in Vegas.  The most recent drink I can remember is the Pioneer Woman.  It caught my eye only because of the butternut squash puree and was one of the few drinks on the menu that I had not had yet - it was good.  No matter the time, even if they don't change the menu from year to year - this is a great place to get a drink.  Yes the drinks may seem a little pricey, but they are oooooo so good and in my opinion well wroth it.  I'm sure we will be back.
1	I wish I could tell everyone about the delicious flavor combinations the drinks consist of, but unfortunately the bartender didn't give me the chance.Ended up here last night on the second floor after a wonderful night spent at Marquee for my birthday.  I will say it was difficult to pick just one cocktail because they all sounded equally amazing, but I finally made a decision and ordered a Well Heeled from the bartender.  At least 5 minutes pass (if not more) and the bartender still hasn't even started my drink.  We catch his attention again and my friend decides to order a drink called The Lime in the Coconut.  Another 5 minutes pass...still nothing.  This whole time I'm watching him clean and making small talk with other customers and the other bartender.  Fast forward to a few minutes later, the group next to us orders a round of shots.  Immediately the bartender grabs the bottle of what looked like tequila and began pouring.  At this point I gather the troops and we walk out.As a bartender myself, this was ridiculous.   The bar wasn't even busy.  There's absolutely no excuse for that bad of service when you're about to drop $15 for a drink.  I'm very disappointed.
2	I felt the drinks were nothing special. In fact, they were overly sweet and too much money.
4	prettiest bar in vegas! go here if your trip pen balls, the drinks are super expensive tho
4	Really a great lounge to enjoy a drink. Minus one star because the two drinks I ordered they were out of the components. At our waitresses suggestion, I tried another cocktail and did not enjoy it. I would have sent it back but she never returned.
4	I went here for a particular drink and heaven forbid they have 3 floors that serve different drinks. I was not sober enough to figure out which floor had my drink so I asked our server - she acted more drunk than I was. Since the other 2 floors had nobody - no bartender, no customers - we stayed where we were at.This is the same floor as Holstein's. We had the Kaffir the Reaper, Mai Crooked Tai and Spiced Apple Jack. $12-14 each.Kaffir the Reaper:Coconut vodka, yuzu sour, Chinese five spice, coconut-ginger tea and ginger beer. I love ginger beer but I was iffy about the five spice since my grandmother uses that for cooking pork dishes and I've always associated five spice with that. This drink turned out to be good. It's a sweet drink and you can barely taste the alcohol. 4/5Mai Crooked Tai: Rum, orange Curacao, lime juice, cinnamon syrup and apple syrup. This was really fruity and a bit too sweet. It reminds me of fruity soap. I love fruity drinks but this was not good. 2/5Spiced Apple Jack:Spiced applejack, apple juice, yuzu sour, rosemary-infused simple syrup balsamic reduction. This was quite yummy and a bit tangy. 4/5I can't really ding them for that experience when I've had better service the other times I've been here. They're always open.
5	Had a great experience there. The drinks were awesome and our bartender Caleb was not only friendly but enthusiastic and knowledgeable.
4	Innovative cocktail menu, and one of the most stunning atmospheres on the strip.  Definitely stop in to get at least one nice drink here and take in the scenery. A lot of the over the top things in vegas err on the side of...tacky.  But this is truly unique and really quite beautiful.
3	This is quite an appealing bar. The chandeliers and decor are awesome. We came here to have a few drinks. We came a bit early (10pm) and were able to find seating for about 10 of us. So if you have a large group and show up early, hopefully it won't be too much of a problem. Everyone loved the drinks they ordered, no complaints. I had the spiced apple jack which was SO good. I usually hate sugary drinks, but this one was fantastic. I think they ran about $12 or $14 (standard prices for Vegas drinks). If you want to kill some time before going to Marquee, this is the place to do it. It is literally right outside Marquee which is convenient.
5	Floor 1.5 is the best! Great, innovative drinks and wonderful atmosphere! The Bruce Tea is my favorite drink ever! There is zero taste of booze in it so watch out - very dangerous!
4	decided to give this place a shot since it looked like it was busy and full of life.  We went to the second floor and found a couch and chairs to hang out in.  Our waitress was good, kept our drinks full, and was helpful with suggestions (and she wasn't too bad to look at either). One thing i didnt know is that they have a bathroom on the floor so twice i went down the stairs and through the casino just to pee!
1	Worst then ever ,on the bar cheating I got jack & coke  very less then 1/2  jack and fill up coke all the way taste nasty. So went back i said I don't like it , she get mad she was like look , she take measure.  she add jack like 20 ml this it we measure that all , so rude  1 large 50 ml, don't go to the top flour of flour even the Asian looking girl she Cheater , I was go every often to bar we 2nd  level on table there is nice drink nice service,  bz that I give one  stare , bad experience  , my bad day ,,
5	Excellent house made Bloody Mary mixer and friendly bartenders (say hi to Brannon and Danny Torres!) make this a great place to decompress after that stressful or exciting gambling experience. Fabulous architecture including the chandelier theme.
4	The three levels of this Chandelier bar each has its own personality. For instance, we started at the top floor and it was definitely lack luster service and too dark, upon going down a floor we were welcomed with brighter lighting! Much better in my opinion, really crafty specialty drinks.
4	Visited on 4.10.14Stopped by around 10 and their was a live band playing on the first floor. My group and I went up to the 3rd floor and ordered a round of cocktails. I love that they serve Veuve by the glass here! It was kind of busy but luckily we found a couch to sit at and take in all that the chandelier has to offer. It is stunning inside this lounge. A must see while in vegas!
4	This has become one of my absolute favorite bars in Vegas. Completely unique, doesn't attract the usual Vegas douche-y guys. You can come in here for a quick drink and listen to some fun music, without dealing with the over-crowdedness of the Vegas nightlife. They have some great drinks and nice bartenders, it doesn't take an hour to get a drink.
2	The bar is beautiful. The staff is horribly slow, but the waitress took care of us, sorta. She brought an extra drink to make up for taking 45 mins to get 4 drinks in the middle of the day. Too bad that the drink she brought last, and the extra were the wrong drink.
5	The Chandelier is a gorgeous bar and lounge located within The Cosmopolitan. It is open 24/7 and has a chill bar open downstairs during the day with a more happening place upstairs within a giant chandelier itself at night.I came during the afternoon looking for a spot to rest my feet and relax. This place is relatively large so it was easy to find an unoccupied table and couch to sit on.Menus are already waiting for you on the table after after mere moments of glancing I was greeted by a friendly waitress. My boyfriend and I had a planned night of drinking ahead, so we asked for a couple of waters for the time being. Drinks were slow, but it was free water so who can complain?We sat unbothered for an hour or so, water being happily refilled as the kind waitress walked by and saw we were running low. Eventually I ordered a mimosa as well, which was good and strong but for $13, the price of most of their specialty cocktails, I wish I had gotten one of those instead.5 stars for the waitress who helped a couple out of a possible hangover that night by nicely serving us water instead of Vegas booze!
4	This is cool.....So when someone asks you about a cool bar here in Las Vegas you say "how about the chandelier bar at the Cosmo" most reactions are whaatt???? Yep a bar inside a chandelier.Well Cosmo has landed a pretty inspiring bar that makes most bars look a dive.. 3 levels incorporating different experiences into each bar. I won't tell you as it's best to experience it yourself. There is a elevator right next to the bar so you won't get lost.For sure a place to see!! And make sure to jump into the shoe for a photo op
5	love love love this bar!!easily the most beautiful hotel bar ive ever been to. the concept is great, you are literally inside a giant 3 level chandelier. we walked by it several times throughout our weekend stay, but only went inside and had drinks once and it was a Friday night so it was slammed. we were able to get drinks but no seats were available at all so we didn't stay long.
3	The Chandelier is a multi-level bar and lounge located in a giant (what else?) chandelier inside The Cosmopolitan. Because of the novelty and great people watching, I enjoy taking visiting guests here for a drink. The prices are steep but standard Vegas prices. Just be careful and ask the price before you order drinks not on the menu. For example, a double shot of Maker's Mark could cost you more than $30 bucks!
4	One of my "MUST GO" places in LV, and probably one of the reasons I keep staying at The Cosmo.Each of the three levels has a signature drink... The middle (secret) level can only be accessed from inside the top or lower level and has the best signature of all.Service is generally great, although it is a bar (duh) and sometimes it's dicey.  As it is anywhere... Not totally faulting them for that.  The atmosphere is amusing, flirty, and still classy.  What kid didn't fantasize about climbing up into the middle of a chandelier and then sit there to watch the world go by?  Childhood fantasy realized!
4	Stopped in here with my wife mid day just to grab a drink while cooling off and killing time. The bartender was great, fun to talk to, and really knew his drinks. I asked for an old fashioned, and he talked me through the different styles, and what his preference was, and made what was probably the best old fashioned I've ever had. My wife had a lemon drop which she equally loved.Now it was about 1pm, so there were only a few other people in the bar at the time, so service was spot on with no issues. I imagine it's much different at night, but we loved it. Only downside is the prices tend to be pretty high, which you get what you pay for in this case.Great bar, great looking bar. Definitely worth checking out
4	This was a cool easy-going (easy going for Vegas) spot for drinks and socializing.  Depending on which section you are in, it can be fairly loud or fairly quiet...good spot, though.
5	This is absolutely my favorite bar. Even though we had activities planned up and down the strip, we still found ourselves winding up here at least once a day. The cocktails are exceptional. Super, super good and very creative in their mixology. The atmosphere is gorgeous, and the service is fast and friendly. Great place to for a photo op, if you happen to be dressed up for a night on the town. I'd recommend going during the day though, when you can get great service without the massive crowd you'll find in the evening or on weekends. If you're in Vegas, do NOT miss this bar!
1	Of all the bad bars I hit in Vegas, Chandelier was the worst. My partner and I were killing a little time before a show and in that situation, drinking is often the  best course of action.I wanted an Old Fashioned. My partner wanted a Martini. Our bartender would not let us order what we wanted. Instead he insisted on making us something we would "love", only giving us the choice of liquor and whether we wanted it shaken or stirred. The drinks took forever and were both too sweet. My partner sent her drink back, stating clearly that what she wanted was a Martini. Again our bartender took way too long to make something far too sweet. At that point we were out of time, we needed to get to our show and get away from this jerk-off. I asked for our bill and dropped a wad of sweaty cash on the bar. $37 for two cocktails we didn't drink.It gets better. Or worse. Our wanna-be mixologist also fancies himself a ventriloquist. During our brief sit at the bar, we were serenaded with cat meows and bird whistles. Totally distracting and annoying. Not charming. Who hired this joker? Furthermore, why is he still bartending?
5	I frequent Chandelier Bar and I can say the best bartender there is Todd..he is always friendly and making me laugh with his meows and bird calls...Best BARTENDER IN VEGAS..Cosmo, you are lucky to have him.
4	Love this bar, love their version of the Cosmopolitan (it's the best), do not love how long it takes to get service if sitting at a couch. Very very cool atmosphere, the place is surrounded by crystals hence being in the middle of a Chandelier. A must see if you go to Vegas.
5	Great for small groups-avoid top and bottom levels for more privacy. Awesome service-different drink menu on each level!
5	Felt like a Bond Girl. Mission Accomplished.Drinks are actually worth it here.  --insert rant about crazy rising Vegas drink prices again--
4	We entered from the top level and found ourselves surrounded by the giant chandelier.  Good drink selection, tables, bar, couches. The servers were prompt.  We decided to check out the middle and then lower level.  Again, good drinks and cool setting.  The lower level had a band playing Tom Jones songs and there was a crowd spilling to the casino and toward Liberace's rhinestone Rolls Royce.  The top and middle floors have more  available seats, but you can't see the band unless you are near the stairs looking down.
5	For my 725th review, I wanted to share a dope alternative to a club in Vegas.  We stopped by here for a drink before having dinner at the Cosmo.  Chandelier is tri-level, w/ the 2nd level being the best in my opinion.Top shelf drinks were only $10, vs most places that charge $15.  The place is very swanky, w/ a bar on each level, and lounge seats on the side.  In addition, the bartenders and clientele are chill.  We didn't feel any arrogance, and no one cut in line vs Marquee.  Lastly, the vibe is low key vs a lot of clubs in town.Chandelier is highly recommended for a drink before or after dinner, or if you prefer something more chill vs a club.  A great place to hang out w/ friends or impress a date.
4	Came here for the VERBENA. this cocktail is seriously insane. i don't even know whats in it except for this bud called "Szechuan buttons." OMG, it numbs your tongue and seriously makes you "salvate." Thanks for introducing me to this drink, brother. I'll def bring all my friends just to try this drink.
5	This bar is expensive, with most drinks coming in at 15$... but, as they say, you get what you pay for. The drinks here were fabulous. I had the don't kaffir the reaper (cute name), and it was one of the most delicious drinks I have had in a long time.... lime -y with ginger.... so good. I would recommend it and get it again.
5	This was our second trip to the chandelier bar, and for the second time we had Blade as our bartender- how incredibly fortunate for us!! We asked him if he had a special rum drink of his own and he made it for us. The enthusiasm he has for his job, as well as the creativity he shows in his mixology made this an amazing afternoon outing!!  The bar itself is beautiful..3 levels all surrounded by crystals and prisms-with purple backlighting-but Blade's personality is the best! We will go back anytime we are in Vegas and our next visit we may stay at the Cosmo in order to spend more time at this bar!
4	First of all, where do I find a gigantic chandelier like the one in this beautiful bar?  Every girl needs one!My doting husband treated me here for my birthday, his queen needed to feel like a queen, and he knows I love sparkly things so here we went.  The Chandelier is basically..a giant chandelier in the middle of the Cosmo hotel.  It's 3 levels, and every level has a different menu.  We only got to try the top level at around noon on a Saturday, and it was pretty empty.  I've heard horror stories from other Yelpers waiting a long time for service during the evenings, but that wasn't the case when we came.Lorelei was our server (I hope I spelled her name correctly...or at least close to it), and she was fantastic!  She was on top of our orders, filled our water glasses methodically, and she was very sweet and friendly.  Hey, I expect this kind of service if we're paying $15-19 a cocktail!  Our drinks arrived in a few short minutes.  We ended up ordering two drinks each. Violet Vemme and Cosmo for me, Stella and Makers Mark on the rocks for the hubs.  I can't really say much about Stella and the whiskey, other than they arrived fast.  But the cocktails were completely worth the price.  The Cosmo..a must at the Cosmopolitan Hotel!  It was a beautiful pink, smooth, perfectly chilled, and dangerously good.  I probably could've pounded that thing like a beer, but I'm a lady and I must sip slowly...in public.Violet Femme.  I thought it would be violet in color, but it was a milky white, rimmed with sugar.  Equally good as the cosmo...equally expensive.  The cocktail had elderflower extract (sounds like something from Harry Potter's potions) and gave it a distinct, slightly flowery flavor.  Very girly, but not too girly to look at.All in all, we had a memorable experience here at the Chandelier.  I felt like the Empress from the Never Ending Story inside, it's so gorgeous you HAVE to at least walk by and check it out, and take a few selfies.
4	Have a verbena cocktail and munch on the little flower garnish!
5	My favorite lounge/bar in Vegas. It's great if you don't want to go fist pump in Marquee. Gorgeous people, beautiful design and great music. This place is always happening! Great place to meet up with your girls before heading to party but be warned, you will probably end up not wanting to leave. It's elegant and classy. Atmosphere is great and no drunk white girls in site! Swanky, Classy and fun. Third level is the best since it's next to Marquee and another bar/restaurant. Second level is also great. First level is kind of boring.
4	We wanted to keep it classy, and The Chandelier is supposed to be one of the best/most popular lounges. I loved the giant crystal chandelier. It's a perfect place for some photo ops. There are 3 levels, and I found that each level has a different drink menu. Their drinks are not what you typically find everywhere. I ordered the Bruce Tea (Kai Coconut Pandan Vodka, St. George Thai Basil Eau de Vie, Matcha Tea Powder, Peanut Butter, Lemongrass infused Coconut Cream, Birdseed Chili, Ginger Puree, Kaffir Lime Leaves). I'm game to try anything with matcha. The drink was very unique. It was creamy and there were pieces of peanut in it. I'm not sure I liked the drink all that much, but I don't regret trying it.
3	The Chandelier is one of the most stunning lounges I've ever laid eyes on. Three levels of round (oval) shaped bar surrounded and covered by crystals galore! Glitz, glam, bling - a true site to see! The pictures do not do it justice!As a guest of The Cosmopolitan (that I sadly discovered was sub-par compared to comparable resorts-see review), I was pleased to at least have the beautiful Chandelier on-site.  I was waiting for my hubby to return from a meeting, so I decided to take a seat at the main bar, order a drink, and play video poker. The bar/lounge wasn't very crowded, but it still took about 15 minutes for me to receive my cocktail (KISS = vodka & soda). It was at that time, I also received the bill for $13, and an aloof attitude from the bartender. Okay, so slow and borderline rude service. Um...not my first rodeo at a casino bar. While not obligatory, I have found it is customary in other casinos to comp a drink if you play at least $20 while sipping. After one drink I was ready to leave. I asked about the charge. Mousy gal stated "You have to place max bet every time." $0.25 machine and it sucked up just under 40 bucks while consuming one drink. I think I fulfilled the "requirement." Me, "Just charge it to my room please." Mousy girl, "Oh, it's comped." The ONE thing about the Cosmo that I found impressive was the level of customer service throughout - really nice and helpful...only NOT at the Chandelier. What's up? Dear hiring manager: please place some of your "nice" employees in the most beautiful area of your entire resort. Sometimes crystals alone do not provide enough glare to prevent me from seeing arrogant ignorance. Thank you.
5	TIP: Try the Verbena cocktail! Take a sip, chew the flower up really well in your mouth (it tastes kinda funny), and take another sip. Your mouth will tingle, and the tequila taste will be nice and sweet!I love all things at the Cosmopolitan, so this review may be a little biased.  The Chandelier bar fits in perfectly with the different venues and attractions to see at the Cosmopolitan.  Nestled right in the heart of the hotel's casino, The Chandelier bar is the perfect place to meet for a cocktail and have a good conversation.  I suggest getting comfy in one of the velvety chairs on the 1.5 floor (the floor in between the 1st and 2nd floors), grab a drink--the Verbena cocktail is quite a unique experience, and enjoy the scenery!The place is beautiful--as all things in the Cosmopolitan are!  The bar is built inside a ginormous chandelier--hence the name.  So it's real pretty to look at.  The first floor has a stage, where they'll occasionally play live music.  The second floor is pretty much ladened with club goers since its right across from Marquee.The service is great.  Buncha cuties behind the bar and sessy cocktail waitresses in silver mesh halter tops.  Super friendly.  The bartenders are definitely open to making suggestions or even making you your own special drink based off of your  taste.My only qualm would be their pricing.  Expect to pay ~$16 per drink + tip.  Sucks, but hey, you're in Vegas at one of the most beautiful hotels on the Strip, it's okay to splurge!
4	The bartender was really nice. I had a verbena with that strange flower and it was intense! My wife had a Thai iced tea drink. He have her one of those flowers too even though she didn't get their signature drink. The atmosphere was awesome. Not too loud or crowded. You are inside a chandelier so it's really cool to look at. We didn't venture past level 1.5 so we'll have to check more of it out!
4	Great place to grab a drink inside The Cosmopolitan right in the middle of all the madness of Marquee and the surrounding shops & restaurants that are in the immediate area. The vibe of the multilevel bar, that looks like its enveloped by the giant chandelier like structure, that spans 3 levels of The Cosmopolitan is what I would describe as modern elegance. I like it there. You can hang by the bar. Pick one. There are at least 3-4 different ones. You can lounge at one of the many couches. We did and there were about 16 of us. There are some nicer couches/lounge chairs in the middle section that had "reserved" on them. We inquired about one that we saw open and all you had to meet was a 2 drink minimum per person. Wasnt bad at all, IMO. We just had too many people in our party to fit on that one available couch or else we would've posted up there instead upstairs. Drinks werent that crazy expensive either. It was reasonable for being at one of the more popular, fairly newer casinos on the strip. Bottled water were all Fiji water. The bartenders were super nice and lovely. They have waitresses that come around that can get your drinks as well. Good place to hang on a chill night in Vegas. Chill meaning a non-clubbing night which is our standard nightly deal when in town. I recommend The Chandelier. Good times.
5	Second year in a row that we have stayed at the Cosmopolitan hotel for the 4th of July holiday, and each time our trip is not complete without having Cosmo's in the Cosmo, and the Chandelier is THE place to do it. They make a bad ass white cosmopolitan. When everything goes wrong, a round of those makes it all right. They have a menu full of nice cocktail options, but we stuck with mostly cosmos and belinis, also at the insistence of another drinker, we tried the "lotus flower" drink, which comes with this flower that you bite and makes your whole mouth numb, so cool and different! On one occasion we got a sour bartender jerk with a buzz cut, who was snappy and rude with us 2 days straight and insisted on using soiled glasses to mix our drinks, but we're not letting his poor customer service sullen our overall great experiences. Every other bartender we've gone to there has always been nice and fun and makes strong well mixed drinks and i trust that it will continue that way. Beautiful view of zillions of crystals, great drinks, good bartenders (usually), fun patrons, regular vegas prices, nothing to be mad at.
5	Once again, my first stop on the strip after a long flight from Chicago the weekend after Memorial Day.  Was bummed to hear Jason no longer was pouring here, but Blade was happy concoct a drink for me.  He happened to be a big fan of Bulleit bourbon and made my 3 amazing drinks made with Bulleit.  Still a great spot for eye candy while sipping well made drinks.
5	Went here for the first time last month. Firstly, the Cosmo is amazing esthetically-speaking. WOW! I couldn't stop taking pictures. The decor is unbelievable. The Chandelier Bar is, hands down, the BEST bar I've ever been to. The Verbena is the most amazing cocktail, it should be on everyone's bucket list. I plan on going back over and over again. I wanna go back to Vegas just so I can stop here again. Sigh...
4	Really beautiful bar but the acoustics of the hotel make it extraordinarily loud.  Our chocolate martinis were superb!  My friend had come here the previous weekend and they made her sign a paper promising she would spend $30.  Never heard of that before but that would put me off a bit.
5	Great spot if you don't want the club scene but still want to get out and have fun...
5	Went here last night because we were walking around looking for an interesting drink and did we find it. It's not on the menu so you have to ask the bartender for it. The verbana is where you eat a sechuan button to secrete mouth juices so that the liquid flavors which are similar to a margarita compel your mouth to orgasm. It's amazing and something to try for it is worth the experience. The drink runs you about 16 dollars which isn't bad for Vegas or me since I am used to clubs in the Washington DC area. And unlike some other posts there was no waiver to sign saying we had to spend a certain amount of money and we had on shorts and tank tops with flip flops. They treated us the same as those with business attire. A must go to for cool gastronomy oriented drinks!
1	So when I go to Vegas, I expect to pay a lot for food and drinks and get great service. This was by far what we received here. My husband and I were on our honeymoon and wandered into the Cosmopolitan one night because we were told, we have to see the Chandelier and get a drink. We went in and the vibe in the hotel was different. It was very nightclub and party scene. The bar itself was absolutely beautiful with this huge chandelier. We went inside and walked around for a seat. The only ones that were open had a sign that said reserved. I stopped one of the waitress' and asked about it, to which I was told its 250. I asked her $250 dollars and she replied yes, with a huge attitude. I said I just wanted to have one drink and she kind of hhmmpphhed at me and stormed off. We found a little table with no sign and sat down. Of course our waitress was the same girl, who proceeded to ignore us for about 15 minutes. She kept looking over at us but would not come over. Just as we were about to leave she came over and asked if we wanted anything. Um DUH I just told you. We ordered a drink, which took another 10 minutes. A beer and glass of wine! REALLY! She didn't come back to see if we wanted anything else so my husband got up and got our check. $20 dollars later, we did not leave a tip. As I looked around I noticed that most of the people sitting had empty drinks as well. I would tell people to go look at it, because yes it is very beautiful. It is something quite interesting to see. I would never recommend the bar for drinks and if there was a 0 rating I would give it that. The only reason I gave it 1 star is for the actual chandelier.
5	It is a classy place. Bar tender was attentive and concerned about mixing to my taste.  Although a relatively slow night there was a flow of people in and out.  Good for people watching and striking up a casual conversation. I highly recommend it.  Check out all 3 floors.
4	Great place to come for ritzy drinks in a very Vegas atmosphere!  Located in the cosmopolitan, the Chandelier has 3 levels.  The second level requires a two drink minimum to sit in the comfy couches and lounge spaces.  The first and third levels are just first come, first-serve bars.Bartenders and waitresses were not overly accommodating and can be quite rude at times but this is service in a lot of Vegas higher-end bars.  The drinks are pricey and range from about $12 to $14 for a cocktail.  They are quite tasty though and made in front of you.  I would recommend the "Well-Heeled".Despite the service, the view from the bar is awesome!  Looking out at the busy hotel lobby from in between strands of crystals is a not-to-be missed experience.
5	Excellent alcohol selection. The bartenders are knowledgeable and made some great recommendations. Thank you Jordan.
4	Unique and beautiful multilevel lounge bar inside The Cosmopolitan. You literally feel like you are hanging (hence multilevel) and having drinks from inside a chandelier. I have been here numerous times, but this last visit on Saturday Aug 2nd made an impression on me to Yelp about it. They had great entertainment with the Electro Swing Club, spinning the catchy good vibes 40's swing music, with an "electronica" dance beat added to the mix!! Swing dancers were performing to it on stage, who captivated an instant audience!! The only draw back is the damn noise (second level) from all the desperate Vegas virgin tourists,  waiting in line to enter Marquee Night Club. Drink prices are about average (depends on what you drink) to what you expect to pay on The Strip ($13 and up) Good service and the staff and bartenders are friendly! On a side note: It is sad to see people not make an effort to dress up these days and hang out at lounges. I'm sorry but flip-flops, shorts, t-shirts on men, and girls with lazy casual attire and flip-flops...ugh!! Save it for the daytime or relaxing at the pool!!! Have pride in yourselves!!!
5	Heather on the 2nd floor, is the most real, gracious, cocktail waitress in Vegas - I feel like I am home!
4	A ton of alcohol. Get the verbena. It's the flower drink.
4	This bar is, of course, beautiful surrounding you by a million crystals that make up a multi-level bar/lounge area. We had comped drinks on the first level. The bartender was friendly and provided us with good customer service. He also made me a delicious Bloody Mary with some spice as requested!
4	This is the 2nd time I've been here. Where do I start?? Ah! How about the chandeliers ! Such a gorgeous bar tucked in the middle of the Cosmopolitan casino upstairs.  I ultimately came here because a friend suggested I tried a drink called the "Verbena" . How this drink works is that you chew on this flower for 15 seconds. It then numbs your whole mouth and then you drink the cocktail. My goodness. First timers this will probably will catch you off guard. But once you try it for the 3rd time , I must say it feels pretty good and taste great! I definitely suggest trying this drink at least once in your life! I do have ONE COMPLAINT and that is how bad our cocktail waitress was. I've never waited so long in an upscale bar to get a drink ! My ice melted into water in my cup and she still failed to come to get our 2nd drink order.  Booo.  I'll be back but I'm crossing my fingers I won't get her as my waitress again. Lol
1	For those of you who would like a quick review this top part of for you! This bar is stunning and that is why it gets one star. However, their customer service is absolutely horrible!! Please read on if you're interested in our experience.To celebrate my 21st birthday and my moms 50th, a group of about eight of us went to vegas to celebrate. We decide to stay at the cosmopolitan and my mom insisted on taking all of us to the chandelier for a glass of champagne to start out the night. So we put on our best dresses and the boys put on their suits to start our classy night out!Let me start with possibly the only positive of this place: the bar is stunning! It's absolutely beautiful to look at! Its worth going into the Cosmo just to see! Now let me tell you about my experience with the service...We walk in about 9pm on a Thursday night and the bar is practically empty. There's a couple people sitting at the bar, maybe two groups sitting at the tables. So incredibly slow!We walk down to the second floor and see that every single couch there has a reserved sign, and every single couch is EMPTY. My mom walks over to find the hostess to get us a little section to ourselves and with major attitude informs us that it's costs $250 to sit there.Don't you see there's eight of us? Trying to order a $200 bottle of champagne? Plus one more drink each will easily send us well over the $250 minimum? Your bar is empty, so why are you discouraging people from sitting here? Whatever. The hostess then says something incredibly rude about my mom to me under her breath... to me, her daughter!! So I tell the group that we should go back up to the third floor, where hopefully the service would improve.Sadly it just got worse. My mom asked for a by the bottle list and it was like pulling teeth to get it! My mom picks out a beautiful bottle of champagne, which the waitress has to come by three times to clarify which bottle we wanted. She brings out eight glasses, and then ten minutes later the bottle of champagne. She starts to open the bottle, then sets it down and says she actually needs to see everyone's ID. Okay? No problem, but wasn't the time to ask to see ID when we ordered the alcohol? So everyone shows their ID, except my 25 year old boyfriend who discovers he left his wallet in the room. He tells the waitress, who says she can't serve him (which by the way we understand! I wouldn't serve someone if they didn't have ID either!). He said he understood and he would run up to the room to grab it after watching the rest of us make a toast.The waitress says NO, you have to get out of the bar now. And begins to open the bottle of champagne.I look at her and tell her to stop opening it, and asked if she was serious about him leaving. She then snootily says he has to leave right now, and he's not welcome here.I told her I'd do her one better and we'd all leave. So all of us got up and marched out. Now, before  I get criticized I do totally understand why she wouldn't serve my boyfriend. What really irritated me was the way she handled the situation. She obviously did not want our business or any kind of a tip.I'm glad we walked out, and didn't spend our money there. We ended up going to secret pizza instead, where we got beers in red solo cups and toasted with our delicious slices of pizza instead of champagne.It might have been the exact opposite ambiance of what we were looking for, but our experience was ten times better!So go by the chandelier and take your picture in front of the gorgeous bar, but don't bother going in unless you'd like to be treated like shit while drinking expensive drinks. Don't waste your time.
5	Came here a few month ago with my girlfriends and had a  great time. It's a nice chill, lounge place to get together without all the loud music. I love lounges over clubbing, so I made sure we checked this place out our second night. Plenty of seats, I think it's 3 levels.The lounge is located at the Cosmopolitan; hard to miss as you'll pass by the amazing crystals. It's also above Marquee. It's a actually a perfect spot to drink before heading to Marquee. :)Our waitresses were awesome, very friendly and kept coming to check up on us.Drinks as always in Vegas were pricey but yummy!I'd totally come back here again!
5	I lost count on how many times I've been here...but when I turned 21 a while ago, this was the first bar that I went to...and ever since then, I've always been coming back.Whenever I'm in Vegas, I always pay a visit to The Chandelier. Whether I had a great run at the tables or a big loss, nothing helps but a drink or two here. This night, the tables got the better of me, but my waitress was very kind and made me forget about the defeat that I suffered at the mercy of the cards. She always checked up on me whenever she could. One drink that I always get on my visits here is the "Verbena". It's beyond this world and it was born here at the Cosmopolitan. This drink literally makes my mouth tingle. I wanted to have their "Fire-Breathing Dragon" but was sadly informed that it was taken off the menu about a year ago or so.However, despite that letdown, their other drinks were superb. After the Verbena, the bartender surprised my taste buds with a Stoli Razz and I must say it was quite a sweet drink. After that, I asked my waitress for her favourite drink and she gave me the Cosmopolitan's namesake drink, the Cosmopolitan. My first time having that drink and it was really good. To top the night off, I finished with a Midori Sour. Never can go wrong with that drink, a personal favourite of mine.The drinks are pricey: the Verbena, Stoli Rizz, and Cosmopolitan were $15 each while my Midori was $12. But it was all money well spent. I always look forward to my visits here and the service is always great. I hope to get the same server when I return again.
4	I was just walking around in my favorite hotel casino to kill some time and decided to do a little bit of day drinking instead of gambling. It was about 1 pm in the afternoon and the bar was pretty much empty on the second floor. So I grabbed a seat at the bar and got two dirty martinis with extra olives, the first one with Grey Goose and the second with Ketel One. I think this will be my new go to place to get some drinks. It's expensive enough to keep the riff raffs away. If buying cheap shots or pitchers of light beer isn't your thing to do in Vegas, come here instead.
5	5 stars for the secret verbena drink. Numbs your mouth and gives a burst of taste for about 5 minutes. Best drink in Vegas for fun when in a group
5	Best cosmopolitan I have ever had. Ever. My boyfriend got a "Lime Coconut" drink which he slurped down before I even could sip mine. Both drinks were great! And strong!The bar is very elegant looking and clean. The decor is full of glitz and glam along with very modern looking furniture with a bit of vintage flare. The service was amazing and they were all very nice and helpful.
2	I just broke up my relationship with the Chandelier. After having it being home to my most favorite drink EVER back in November 2013 and being impressed with its dedication to craft cocktails, I feel as if this bar has simply given up on its mission on serving up a good specialty cocktail and just cater to the masses, the people that order a vodka red bull just to get their drinking started.The No1DP and I went back here twice over the course of our one year anniversary on different dates and times.Friday night: After having pizza I insisted on going back here not knowing that he had this planned for the next day. We both got the drinks we enjoyed last year: Smokey the Bear and Bruce Tea. The No1DP's drink was served in the same cup but the ball (supposed to be this nice circular ball) was just a sad mess of a big ice cube. Drink didn't take that much long to make (it is supposed to take a little while) but I think they forgot the most important part: smoking the glass with the ice cube so that the whiskey imparts a smokey feel. My drink was made slightly better; I could taste the coconut pandan vodka and the peanut butter but for some reason the drink did not flow as smoothly as I remember last time. More bitter aftertaste and a bit more diluted.I was disappointed that our drinks weren't as perfect as we had expected last year but we just thought that maybe we came on a busy night and didn't have time to make our drinks fancy.Next day we came back after having our anniversary dinner. We decided to order different drinks.Film Noir: Bacardi 8 rum, Green Cardamom Tea, Movie Theater Buttered Popcorn Syrup, Olorosso Sherry, garnish of popcorn. No1DP's drink. The buttered popcorn is supposed to enhance the buttered popcorn syrup but sadly this isn't the case.Thai of the Tiger: Don Julio Anejo Tequila, Tuaca Cinnamon/Orange/Clove Maple Syrup Thai Iced Tea. Ideally when made this is supposed to taste like actual iced tea with no or barely indication that it is spiked. Had a sip and just tasted off with the tequila just taking over the drink. Couldn't taste Thai iced tea at all and this is considering Thai iced tea is one of my usual milk teas.Luckily I found another bar that is now my favorite bar of all time (Vesper Bar). It's still located in the Cosmopolitan so it's not like the hotel/casino is losing my patronage.
4	I think this bar is a must see at the Cosmopolitan. Who doesn't want to drink in a chandelier after watching the rescuers? This place was really beautiful and super unique. The drinks are on the pricier side but I think it's worth it for the quality and originality. They have different drink menus on each level.  I loved my drink it had a yummy frothy top to it! I'm definitely going to go back next time I'm in Vegas :D
4	Beautiful bar in the Cosmopolitan hotel.  The name says it all, it's like being inside a giant chandelier.  I highly recommend ordering the Verbena cocktail.  It comes with a little flower in the drink called a "Szechuan Button". Drink, eat the flower, drink again and prepare to have your mind and taste buds simultaneously blown away! Fun drink to surprise your friends or date with.
5	Beautiful lounge, delicious drinks and good crowd! I had such a great time there. Drinks were expensive but I didn't mind that at all because they were yummy. Had three drinks and I was all good...:)
3	Look, I'm a simple girl with simple needs. I like my pillows fluffy, and my chick flicks cheesy. Stepping into The Cosmopolitan's casino floor and seeing The Chandelier's glistening crystals streaming from ceiling to floor, I knew this wasn't any simple lounge. The Chandelier is swanky, dramatic, beautiful, and sophisticated. The layout is absolutely dazzling with vibrant beaded curtains of light illuminating multiple stories--resembling a giant three tier chandelier. This casino bar is an architectural wonder and definitely epitomizes the Vegas experience. The drinks on the other hand, are nowhere near as grand as the decor. However, you'll think you're sipping from diamond and gold encrusted glasses with the prices you're paying. My partner and I stopped by for some cocktails and we left probably more sober than when we arrived. I ordered a cosmo (duh, I was at The Cosmopolitan!) while the boyfriend ordered Kaffir the Reaper. My cosmo was pretty simple (I am a simple girl) and nothing too wild. It was fruity with a lovely light pink color. My boyfriend's drink was interesting. It included the following ingredients: Ciroc Coconut Vodka, Chinese five spice, Yuzu Sour, coconut-ginger tea, and ginger beer. I'll give props to the mixologists for creating some one-of-a-kind cocktails. There was a lot going on in this drink: sweet, tangy, spicy, and floral. You're basically tasting the rainbow! But the alcohol was missing. Not to mention, this cocktail was difficult to digest. Although the flavors were sharp, they didn't blend well together. You're left feeling a bit lost and confused. What did I just drink? I don't really know but whatever it was, it was darn expensive. And it was not strong at all. Well, that's Vegas! They up the prices and water down the drinks. I'd visit The Chandelier again solely to admire its elegant and intricate design.
5	Ahhhhhhh so sparkly!!!! I love glitz and sparkly things. Being in here just makes me feel so sparkly on the inside Lol. Love the fresh ingredients on the cocktail menu. Plenty of seating. Amazing decor.
5	Awesome awesome place!! We sat at the bar and had a great time. At times the bar tender got busy but he was more than attentive to us. Order the verbena. It's a really cool drink. It's not on the menu but this is the only place that makes it. If you are in Vegas this is a bar you must visit.
5	Simply spectacular... Its a must do in Vegas.The view is amazing, the set up a packet, the service is immaculate, it's just perfect in every way
5	One of my favorite places to go for a night out. If you're planning a bachelorette party or a girls night out - GO HERE! Beautiful surrounding chandelier with great drinks. Ordered a cosmo and amaretto sour - both were great and the bartenders were friendly (but not creepy). Such a great place to chill and enjoy with friends (better than the club scene if you ask me). The attire is cute but casual, don't have to dress up but most people have on a dress shirt and girls are usually wearing dresses or a blouse with jeans and nice heels. Seating can fill up fast so plan on getting there a little on the early side if you have a large group.
4	The Chandelier is a three tiered bar with a variety of seating configurations and options, that run from casual bar stool seating to more cozy lounge seating.  There are chandeliers inside of chandeliers and the venue is classy and cool.  At the second level bar our bartender crafted a fabulous cocktail (a take on their nightly cocktail special, but with my favorite liqueur added in, St. Germain).  We enjoyed it so much we returned the next night (and that's saying a lot given all the bar choices in Vegas) for another round. Lucky for us we had the same creative bartender who remembered our drink!Minus one star for the rudeness of some of the staff.  We just ordered our drink and sat down (with our full drinks) when we were basically told to "get out" by a server, who informed us they were closing that level in 10 minutes.  My companion politely asked, "can we leave when the other guests do?"  Many other guests were in the lounge and they didn't look as if they had been told to leave or were in any hurry to do so.  Perhaps she was annoyed because we ordered our drinks directly from the bartender?....
4	Just beautiful!You have to check out the inside of the Cosmopolitan!Everything in here is ultra luxury!Interest Fact: The cosmopolitan was going to be condos when it was first built, but they couldn't sell them all so it was turned into a hotel.  That is why the rooms have such large balconies!
4	Laid back, comfortable bar tucked away upstairs in the Cosmopolitan Casino. The ambience of being in the chandelier is super fun!Creative cocktails that are SO good. Good wine selection and pretty good beer selection.
4	Gorgeous bar! The chandeliers are dazzling. Be warned if you're wearing a short dress or skirt going up in center elevator. Crap table players can see up ladies' dresses. It's funny, but very creepy.
3	Solid drinks for sure.  We ordered a Cosmopolitan.  I mean come on, how could we not?!  And a "Finishing School."  Both were definitely fantastic.  However, at $16 a pop, not that fantastic.  So with tax it was $34 for two drinks.  #pricegouge.  Of course the ambience was dazzling "within" a chandelier.  Felt like I could have been at Liberace's house!
4	I love coming here when I'm in Vegas, it's got great atmosphere, lots of room, and pretty interesting cocktails.  Finding your way in can be a bit confusing.  There are entrances on the top floor as well as elevators that lead inside.  Came here on a Saturday night, and there was plenty of seating, but it wasn't dead either.  The whole place was lively, but just a more laid back lounge feel.  It's not super loud inside either, but just right.  The signature cocktails seem to be seasonal here, with some of them being a hit or miss.  From the times I've visited, I notice a trend of Thai influenced cocktails consistently being served.  This time I had what was sort of like a Thai iced tea spiked with tequila!  It was pretty amazing, I was genuinely surprised at how good it was.  The other drinks however were interesting.  The Diablo was too sour and I wasn't sure what kind of drink they were going for.  Then there was this other drink with peanut butter, coconut milk, along with other ingredients.  It was not bad, but basically weird.  It was enjoyable though.  I'd recommend asking your server for recommendations if you decide to have cocktails here.  Overall, it's a really fun lounge, with great atmosphere.  The service is great as they don't try to rush you, are very friendly, and won't bother you much but are easy to get a hold of.
4	This is where me and my friends meet whenever we are in vegas, it's great for people watching while you're waiting on everyone for dinner. Drinks are good, bartender gave me free drinks...good service. Pricey but everything is in vegas. Love it
5	Interesting lounge with a laid back atmosphere. Ambience was great. Tried out the "verbena" and it was quite a experience. Chew on the flower and allow it to numb your mouth and then drink the cocktail. Very unique.
5	If you are looking for an Hollywood vibe this the place to be. The Chandelier is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino.  If you looking for an upscale place in Las Vegas you just found it. The place is worth visiting. This bar is just like the rest of the Cosmopolitan, very blingy, I don't usually like that sort of thing but I must admit the chandelier bar was pretty unique. They have got the ambience and lighting just right here, great atmosphere, lots of little nooks and crannies with tables in over 3 different levels.We went here on 2 different nights for a drink, good quality cocktails, a couple of different ones I haven't seen before, if you want an old classic that isn't on the menu they will do it for you too. Even though it was quite busy we still managed to get seats every night, service was a little slow at times.
2	Have been to the Chandelier Bar several times on different visits.  On our most recent visit, service was nonexistent (we had to go the bar if we wanted a drink) and the drinks were not very good.  The bartenders were disinterested and not very knowledgeable.  I can't comment on the waitresses because we never saw any.  We'll be skipping it on our next stay.
5	One of my favorite lounges in Vegas for the generally upscale crowd, ample seating, and elevated vantage point from the 1.5 and 3rd floors.
5	Alright, I'm about to spend the next paragraph or so talking about the best cocktail I've ever had (trust me, I've had my fair share). Seriously, they are mixing up magical libations here and because of this, the price doesn't even phase me. Located inside the Cosmopolitan, each level of the Chandelier has a different menu. We visited the top level, as the middle was closed and the bottom doesn't have the same "vibe" to me. Gorgeous, dimly lit, with an upscale attitude that somehow manages to not feel pretentious. There was a nice mix of people, both young and older, more dressed-up and some a little casual. The lounge seating was comfortable and felt inviting.When our waitress came over, I immediately asked about a cocktail that I'd seen on Instagram that was some kind of s'mores offering with toasted marshmallows on top. Apparently, they no longer had this particular drink and could not make it. No worries, I ordered the "Summer of Love" which resembled a lemon poppy seed cake in drink form. It was arguably the best thing I've ever put into my mouth and was the perfect after-dinner drink. Lemon vodka, yogurt liqueur, poppy seed liqueur, and a cream cheese frosting foam? Outstanding! My boyfriend had a traditional Old-Fashioned, although he gushed that it was incredible and had something "special" that set it apart from the others he has had and made himself. While pricy ($16 and $18, after the bourbon upcharge on his drink), we would absolutely go back and do it all over. Give it a shot and treat yo' self.
5	Had a blast at the Chandelier. Our mixologist, Joy recommended the Verbena and it made our whole night . Such a breath of fresh air . Thank you Joy for giving us something to talk about during our whole trip . if you haven't tried the Verbena , its a must . Be prepared for a surprise ;)
4	The Chandelier is located inside the Cosmopolitian. It is so beautiful that you forget that there is a bar underneath it. We had stumbled upon this majestic beauty one night so didn't get the chance to research it before visiting. I wish I had because everyone boasts about The Verbena drink. Next time my friend... next time!
4	Came here for a few drinks with my boyfriend and his parents after dinner last night. Such a great atmosphere! We sat on the middle bar area and there was plenty of things to look at and it wasn't crowded either. Are the drinks on the pricier side? Yes but you're paying for the atmosphere. I had the dante's inferno cocktail and it was on point! I highly suggest it if you like spicier cocktails. Shout out to our server-Evett! She was very friendly and attentive but also gave us our space. I would definitely come back when I'm back in Vegas!
5	During my stay at Cosmopolitan, I'd returned to this lovely and trendy bar several times, but then again, how can I not? It is just located by the entrance to my room (East Tower.) It's gay friendly, and most certainly "oriental-friendly" (relax, I'm Asian, I can use that word...)I love everything The Chandelier has to offer: the ambiance, the friendly and personal bartenders; and of course, the absolutely amazing cocktails. I especially love that I can just simply tell the bartender I usually order a specific type of drink and I want to try something new and they would create one for me. I once pointed out I've never tried passion fruit belvedere and the bartender just concocted a special drink for me! It was mind-blowing and truly fantastic. Yes, the cocktails here can be pretty pricy (at least $20,) but hey, it is Cosmopolitan, you're paying for the ambiance and these mixologists' talent!Highly highly recommend!!
4	Tip from a local.....The ground level of this bar is usually easy to find a table, frequently has a band, and does not have a "table minimum" - Plus I have found the downstairs staff much friendlier. They do not seem as "over-it" as the upstairs cocktail waitresses. On the flip side.. if you go upstairs, it gets a whole lot sexier.Booth and table minimums. Crafted cocktails that are supposed to be delicious but expensive!!Over all the concept is pretty amazing!! An entire bar built to make you feel like you are sitting inside the biggest chandelier in the world. So Las Vegas...and I LOVE IT!If you are looking for a place to sit for a moment, or a while. It should be seen, and it is a scene. But in a totally fun way!
3	As an all-drinks bar with no food, the ambience of the place takes the cake. It's set up so that the main bar is in the middle of a gigantic chandelier which creates an awesome environment. Service was a little slow but overall, not a bad place to sit with friends, relax and chill before that concert or show you're going to.
