5	Hey Yelpers, Sushi Samba is now OPEN.  Their website still lists it as "opening", but I stayed at the Palazzo this weekend and they were definitely ready for business.  I didn't eat here because I already made reservations somewhere else, but I LOVE the Sushi Samba in NY.   I'm so happy that there's one closer to Cali, and I'll surely be eating here the next time I make it out to Vegas.
4	Talk about a hidden gem. This place is nestled deep within the Palazzo shops, but don't let that stop you from going as it is definitely worth the trek. On our recent visit here, we had a variety of sushi and grilled items and everything was excellent. Some highlights: shishito - nicely charred, spicy, drizzled with oil and sea salt. Very good. Best shishito I've had.Organic chicken - a little heavy with the sauce but still a good eat.Sea Bass - yum! Both the chicken and the sea bass were served on a bed of Peruvian corn, which was very tasty. Rainbow Dragon roll - nicely crafted roll of fresh eel and avocado with just the right amount of sauce.Kanpachi - delicious with lots of wasabi.For drinks I had the Caipirinha--a Brazilian concoction--which was not only excellent but also a steal at only $10.I would deduct a star as our staff failed to mentioned certain items were out of stock after we had ordered them, but I realize this place is very new and they're still getting their act together. I'll definitely come back again.(My rating scale:5-Outstanding, sets the standard for others. 4-Very good, would bring friends/family here. 3-Decent but wouldn't recommend to others. 2-Disappointing. 1-A waste of everyones' time.)
4	This is fusion Japanese and South American and it's done well.  Many fusion places taste really weird, but this one was pretty good.  The waiter was a little misinformed.  I bet you he couldn't find Japan or Brazil on a globe.  We tried the toro, tuna, yellowtail sashimi with jalapenos and lemongrass, the kanpachi sashimi plate with truffle oil and sea salt, and the Bobo Brazil roll - beef carpaccio and avocado basically.  Everything was delicious.  To finish off we tried 2 desserts :  the chocolate banana taquitos that came with chocolate banana filling in a sugar shell that was crunchy and flaky and the hot melted chocolate and churros which were more like skinny crackers than traditional churros. The taquitos were good and the churros wer a rip off. Service was decent.  Ambiance was excellent and at night it turns into a bar / lounge.  The workers were good looking.
5	Alright, now were getting to the good stuff. And by "good" I mean un-fucking-believable. Yea, I said it. Unreal. Never have I wanted to pick up and move to Vegas so much in all of my life, but I'm thinking about it after the dinner I had at Sushisamba's new ultra lounge, Sugarcane. This is an incredible statement for me because for one, I can only take Vegas in small doses, and two, I despise the heat. So having said that you can believe me when I say that I love absolutely everything about Sushisamba, the Brazilian/Peruvian/Japanese fusion restaurant at the Palazzo. Where do I begin?Oh yes, Holy Mary Mother of God, I've died and gone to heaven...A friend of mine is the Publicist for this new restaurant, as well as the brand spanking new, Sugarcane. She hooked up a dinner reservation for me and some friends so that we could celebrate my good friend's birthday in style. Upon our (late) arrival we were greeted warmly by the wait staff, as they explained to us that our party would be the very first members of the public to sit down to dinner in their brand new ultra lounge. As we walked through the dimly lit hallway, past the DJ booth and dance floor, and into the dining area portion of Sugarcane we were immediately taken back by the overall design concept of the space. I"m gonna do my best to do it justice but I would highly recommend a trip here to experience for yourself because it is just too complex for words...The walls are covered with graffiti-style murals of Samurais and Japanese script, the dance floor has a canvas like screen that wraps around the circular pods that make up the women's bathrooms (see pics) where they project abstract imagery to coincide with the music playing. The DJ that night was Claudio who I wanted to put in my pocket and take home because the music was just that dope. There are multi-colored glass cylinders that hang from the ceiling and beams of light (see pics) that separate the dance floor from the dining area that change from red to orange to white that create a truly magnificent effect. The food and service is on a level that is even harder to explain - it was incredible. Our waiter Anthony took such good care of us we felt as though we were old friends by the time we left. Of course, we were the first to be seated and the last to leave, so I guess if you spend enough time with your waiter (four hours) you begin to feel like family. Our sake sommelier was a hilariously funny girl (I forgot her name) and very helpful and knowledgeable when describing our sake selections. We ended up choosing a bottle with gold leaf cherry blossoms there were supposedly good luck if you found them floating in your drink. Our table decided to order the signature Sushisamba 7-course Omakase ($70 per person) as our dinner selection. Anthony asked us if we had any food allergies or other special requests before going back to the kitchen to get our party started. Our first course was a selection of appetizers (see pics) which included the Kobe beef carpaccio with wild mushrooms, seared ahi tuna on a tiny bed of spinach, and (my favorite) tiny ceviche fish tacos with a chili foam sauce that was AMAZING! Next up was the best snow crab I have ever tasted, filet mignon, duck, Chilan Sea Bass (unreal), grilled tomatoes, fish jowel (I forget what kind) and the most beautiful sashimi plate I've ever seen/tasted. Just when we thought we couldn't eat any more came the sushi course. A stand out roll was the Kobe beef wrapped roll with (from what I can remember) a spicy tuna, cucumber and avocado center. As we sat back in our booth contemplating exactly how we were planning on walking out of there, Anthony presented the birthday girl with an incredible chocolate fondue plate (see pics) complete with Japanese-style sesame rice krispies, Japanese cake, homemade marshmallows, and a selection of fruit. There were also mini fruit tacos with both mango and banana, with a chocolate mousse and caramel topping. Do you see what I'm talking about?????Here's the rundown....Party of four:First round of cocktails (on the house)Several cocktails to followBottle of premium sake7- course Omakase dinner for four ($70 each)After dinner cocktailsDivine dessert platterTotal bill: Approx $600Not bad I'd say. Not bad at all. All in all, I plan to go back to visit several times over. Anyone who stumbles upon this place should consider themselves lucky to be in the presence of such foodie excellence. This dinner made our entire trip, and made for a very, very happy birthday girl. Sushisamba: the wait staff, the owner, the managers, the DJ. You rock my rock-n-roll world.
5	I was worried about eating at a brand new chain on the strip. I expected to overpay for the quality of food, and get a ton of attitude from the staff. I was pleasantly surprised. My friend and I decided to go with the $80 Omasake (yes they spell it funny) tasting menu. We asked what was on it, and the waiter said he'd just pick out food around our budget and requests. This seemed odd, but we went with it. We told him we eat everything and to surprise us. I'm trying to remember everything we got, but I'm sure I'm forgetting some things: Edamame/Tempura Green beans/roasted peppers: WOW, one of my fav dishes. Everything was salty and delicious, and the sauce that came with it was to die for. Get this for $16.. yes.. it sounds pricey, but trust me, just get it. Yellowtail sashimi.. seemed to be in a red pepper preparation? Fresh, delicious, and tastyYellowtail taco.. delicious, but be warned it's messy! Shrimp mango ceviche.. very good, large portion. Steak and asparagus tempura.. steak was good, but not as jaw dropping as the fish honestly.Sushi rolls: spider roll, neo tokyo, and I wish I could remember the name of the last one, but it was incredible and had crab meat. I am not a spicy tuna girl.. usually the meat isn't fresh and the sauce is too goopy. This was the most incredible and fresh spicy tuna I've ever had. The fondue dessert was awesome! very fun and tons of different stuff to dip in. Overall an awesome experience and staff was great.. fresh chopsticks/plates/soy sauce bowls after every couple courses.
4	My boss and I had an iffy business trip in Las Vegas but we were so glad we stopped by sushisamba for brunch. Brunch you say? yes, I was thinking the same thing. I work at a magazine and if I wasn't a food snob already, eating with my boss is gradually making me one. Their brunch was a wonderful surprise! We started with freshly squeezed juice. I ordered a blueberry/strawberry/banana combo. You can mix three juices in one. My boss also ordered her own combination. The brunch is family style and up to 4 dishes for $23 each person. If you have a bigger party, the servings will be larger. We ordered Eggs Any Style, Smoked Salmon Platter, Assorted Pastries and Bread and either the el topo tamago roll or the sunday samba roll.  We ate them all up. My boss even ordered a cappucino before our drive back to LA. They have locations in Chicago and NYC as well. The menu looks the same out there too. Yum, what a great finale! The waiters and manager were wonderful. They all stopped by to see how we were doing. It was a beautiful fusion of Peruvian and Japanese food. I was expecting to just eat sushi and a bento meal for brunch! So good!
5	I fell in love with sushi samba a few years back in new york, so I had to check out the LV location. This time around it was just as good, if not better. I love the lively ambiance, and the service is wonderful. We decided to get the Omakase, and my favorite had to be the Chilean Sea Bass served with peruvian corn.  SOOOOO good.  Another favorite was the yellowtail taquitos. They're small but very delicious. The oysters and king crab legs were extremely fresh, and we also had a plate of sashimi in various sauces. The sauces were all citrusy (i.e. yuzu) and weren't for my taste but good nonetheless. One drawback: too full for dessert.
3	I had their brunch menu and I wasn't too excited about it.  Pictures does say a thousand words but it doesn't describe the taste of the food.  That being said, their food presentation is awesome but food is only so-so.  The steak and eggs is more on the salty side and the best thing on the plate was the onion rings.  Their eggs benedict replaces the ham with smoked salmon.  I was imaging the smoked salmon as thick as the canadian ham but boy was I wrong.  The paper thin slice of smoked salmon just blended in with the slice of toast.  My napkin was thicker than the smoked salmon.  I did enjoy the ambience of the place, they had cool drawings all over their walls, like some brazilian ninja went in there one night and tagged up the place.
4	Brazilian and sushi mixed together?  I figured it was worth a try.  First thing guys is the scene.  If being surrounded by a room full of beautiful women is not appealing to you, then by all means you should bypass Sushi Samba.  I think I had flashes of falling in love a half dozen times.  On to the food... I started out with the robata grill yellowtail.  It was not what I had expected.  Basically I got a charred piece of fish that I had to pick through the bones of, which isn't easy to do with chopsticks.  I wouldn't say the robata grill was a disaster, but I wouldn't order it again.  To the rescue came a plate of the tuna takati.  This was an exceptionally flavorful small plate, and I do mean small.  I think it was 5 small slices of tuna.  A couple of more slices of tuna would have been nice, but the flavor was exceptional.  The topper to the meal was the BoBo Brazil roll.  This roll is something you'd want to photograph before you eat.  The flavor was very good.  I liked the kobe beef on the outside of the roll both for the flavor and the appearance.  Really a very good roll.
2	Waiting for my friends at the bar located near their entrance, I had a good feeling about this place.  It had all the bells and whistles of a nice upscale restaurant with a friendly bartender to start.  Unfortunately my good feeling about this place was short lived as our party was seated.Our reservation was for 9:15 PM Sunday night.  We didn't get seated until 9:45 PM despite having our whole party there by 9:00 PM.  I didn't care too much for this considering the place was moderately busy on a holiday weekend, and we weren't on a strict schedule.  So I let this roll easily off my back.As we were seated, we were greeted by our waiter who was terribly unenthusiastic about his job.  He was considerate about asking  for food allergies.  Beyond that, all levels of consideration or customer service for that matter stopped there.  Granted, he warned us that our food would come out infrequently, but little did we know it would delay our dinner by over an hour.  A little honesty would have been greatly appreciated.  It took forever for most of our food to come out.  We didn't have utensils or place settings even after our food was delivered.  My friend even asked for the manager, to complain about our horrible service, or lack thereof.  The manager's response was something like: "Things are are a bit backed-up, we'll give you free dessert."  Now, I don't care how backed-up your kitchen is... that's still no excuse for horrible and incompetent service!  Dessert only puts a band-aid on a broken arm... why the hell do restaurant managers  do this?  We are not looking to get something free, we just want to make sure they get their act together... and fast!Our original waiter rarely came to our table after we ordered our food.  Another waitress came to our aid who was very helpful and attentive to our needs.  She was very friendly and courteous, it's unfortunate she wasn't our original waiter because this review would've been completely different.Our unpleasant waiter did the weirdest thing.  As my friend was talking to the manager, being very open about our waiters horrible service, our waiter stood by our table as he refolded all our used napkins, tossing them onto our table.  Yes, our used clothe napkins.  Who does that?  In front of a party that is pretty disgusted by you no less.  It seemed as if he knew he was already in hot water and didn't give a rats-ass about making up for it.  In addition, he circled the portion of our bill they decided to discount for the unsatisfied service in a stuck-up negative manner.  In hind site, my friend said we should have taken that same pen, in front of our waiter, and scratched out his tip!  Of course, we're better than that.The food is the only reason why this place is not getting a single star. The food was actually quite good with a variety of unique asian-fusion plates.  I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki (exotic right?) which was much more than I bargained for.  For such a simple dish, it had a variety of unique flavors with a side of extras that complimented each bite.  My friends ordered an array of food that looked just as good, and was commented on just the same.For me, customer service will make or break any experience, no matter how good the food is.  In this case, their service failed horribly.  Our party ended up with a waiter that was a few cans short of a six pack regarding personality, who would probably fare better as a Chippendale's greeter than a restaurant waiter.  I hope management recognizes this and hires waiters that are actually qualified to interact with human beings.
2	One thing I'm a stickler for is definitely Brazillian food. I know my Brazillian from having an ex and bf who introduced me to it. I can cook it most definitely. I was at Sushi Samba for a party and they had passed apps which were great. Great sushi, great crab cakes, awesome skewers of beef...But mind you passed apps. The drinks....amazing. As far as the Samba Juice. This is the only place in town I know that mixes with Acai berrys. Which give a unique chocolate hint to a blueberry flavor. Definitely high in antioxidents.But I came here for brunch with a friend. Now I sat at the bar and we ordered drinks. She ordered the Pomelo...but they didnt't have any. So then the Cucumber. I had the Samba Juice again. I decided to order Churros because I LOVE HOME MADE CHURROS. Too bad I didn't get them. Grrr they took forever. I also ordered food to go. Feijoada, chorizo, linguisa(kinda portuguese sausage) and some peruvian corn which is like giant hominy. Well the order was wrong because I ordered sides and  he asked me how I wanted my eggs. The bartender was really slow. I asked him some questions on why he was shaking a certain way and he said it was because they put egg whites in the drink. I explained a different method on how to make the drink that he won't tire himself out and he said "No it's better my method" LOL I asked him where he worked before and he said..."Grand Lux Cafe" Yea Nuff said. I didn't introduce myself to him because he was too hard headed in knowing what was right and wrong. So he fcked up my order, returned the Churros when I asked him for it to go, and then he stiffs me on eggs on the bill. Yea I'm gonna order from the table next time. I think brunch is for rookies. The Feijoada was very....thick....the Chorizo and Linguisa with Hominy was delicious. They don't make it home made but they get it in Cali from this spanish place I know. Over all drinks are good. But I guess the staff being not so bueno made me drop the score down a lil.
4	On a hot Vegas weekend stay, my bf and I limited our dining choices to the Venetian and Palazzo (conveniently connected).  We stopped in for lunch without reservations or doing any prior research, except for the two minutes at the entrance perusing the menu.  They had only been open three weeks, so the staff seemed very eager to bring in any and all people.  Our server was extremely friendly, trying her best to make us comfortable and answer any questions.  I think she was Asian, but she said she grew up in somewhere in South America, and had an indiscernible accent.  She made everything on the menu sound tasty, but we were only looking for a light lunch.  I had the samba blt which was had yummy chunks of lobster, a bit of mayo heat and applewood smoked bacon.  It came with a side of fingerling potatoes with a sprinkling of some kind of cheese on top, which is called "fries" on the menu.  The pickles, I did not like - too tart.  I tried everything on my bf's anticuchos combination bento.  The box usually comes with chicken, beef and shrimp, but he requested the shrimp be switched out for the miso sea bass.  Its sweetness is best taken in small quantities, such as one skewer.  I liked it, but it is probably too sweet for some.  The tuna roll was acceptable.  It's incredibly dark inside, which makes the bright mall atmosphere outside all the more apparent.  I'd like to return for lunch, because I could envision this place being a too much like a noisy nightclub for dinner.
3	it was pretty easy for us to make a reservation for 5 of us on a friday night at 8:45pm.  we were late and they still seated us within minutes of us getting there.  the place was crowded.  decor was kinda crazy and colorful.  our waitress was little out of it but it didnt ruin the experience too much.we ordered a bottle of riesling and they even had the sommelier come and help us a choose a riesling that was less sweet.  but it was still really sweet.  i dont know what the deal was with that.  then we ordered another bottle of beer and she opened another bottle of wine.  the portions were small.  the sushi rolls seemed tiny to me.  the ceviche sampler was good but the waitress explained them wrong.  scallop and mushroom robata were good too.  miso cod was good.  in general portions were on the small side. i wouldnt actually call their dishes fusion.  their menu was fusion.  with dishes coming from japan, peru, and brazil.  but one dish with the different influences?  not reallythe light that was supposed be shining on our table was facing the wrong way so it was super dark.  we counldt see anything.  asked to have it brighter.  waitress forgot.  but then she remembered.  then there was light.
4	Modern chic fusion restaurant in the new Palazzo Hotel, featuring Brazilian and Japanese food. The interior much reminded me of Social House in Treasure Island, dark and swanky. The small plates are meant for sharing, but the tab adds up quick. The server proclaimed their sake menu as the largest in the country, but unfortunately we didn't get to try any.We had the assortment of four sashimi which were nice and fresh with delicate flavors. My favorite was the tuna with granny smith apple, serrano, and lime.The hamachi kama (yellowtail cheek) was as good as I've had, but missing the grated daikon that it traditionally comes with.Chicken liver anticuchos (two skewers served over peruvian corn) were very livery. I expected them to be only lightly livery, like my favorite Pho Ga place serves up, not sure if it's due to the prep or the grade of liver or what.We also tried a couple rolls, the Neo Tokyo with yellowfin tuna, tempura flake, aji panca. I liked this one more than the BoBo Brazil with seared kobe beef, avocado, kaiware, shiso, red onion, chimichurri. The kobe beef looked raw rather than seared, maybe seared would have brought out the flavors a bit. Both rolls were pretty good though.The standout of the meal was the Berkshire Pork Belly butterscotch miso, which was meltingly tender, with a subtle sweetness contrasting the richness of the luscious pork.We also tried the little tiny crabs we saw in an ad, Sawagani, which are flash fried japanese river crabs. These were literally tiny, and the small bite had a texture like an egg shell, with a flavor best described as a subtle fish sauce.Come here if you have an appetite for a variety of small bites with delicate but well thought out flavors.
4	I agree with the reviews below, they did a great job of explaining the menu in more detail than I could.  Gave this place 4 stars for originality of food and drinks, and the atmosphere.  It was not too dark, not too bright, with artsy decor on the walls and different pictures rotating on projection screens (NOT PG rated, BTW, I saw a breast or two flash by, though there were nice scenic pics in there too.)  They have a club/lounge in the back of the restaurant, which was recommended to us by a Dior employee at Caesars mall, he said it was a mix of hip hop music and some other music, he went on a Saturday.  However, we weren't able to go since it's not open on Sundays.Me and two other girlfriends of mine went here late on a Sunday nite (sat 10 pm?) and there was no wait.  Not that this matters, but an added bonus was that our waiter was HOT!  hehe.  Anyways, the menu had a lot of things that I had never heard of before, so if you're not used to Brazilian / Peruvian / Japanese food then the staff should be able to explain it all to you before you order.We ordered the tuna ceviche and shrimp ceviche for appetizers (see reviews below for details of the dishes I talk about here).  Both excellent, and fresh, and a decent-sized portion (about a cereal bowl full), but pricey at around $15-17 each.  We also ordered spicy tuna rolls, which were excellent (the tuna practically melted in our mouths) as well as the BoBoBrazil roll, which Mr. Hottie Waiter recommended - slices of Kobe Beef atop a roll with a bunch of good stuff in it that I didn't know (sorry to all you food buffs!).  I think it was a mix of onions?  Both very good.As far as cocktails, I would definitely recommend the Chu-Cucumber cocktail.  I think that's the name of it.  Again, Mr. Hottie Waiter recommended this, which I decided to try even though it didn't sound good at first.  It was surprisingly refreshing!  It has some sort of Japanese liquor in it, which supposedly had a lite Vodka flavor, as well as Roseflower and cucumber.  I ended up having two of these (they were in a martini glass), and the third having substituted the original liquor for Gin, as a recommendation by the bartender, which had a stronger alcohol taste to it.  One of my friends tried the Samba Juice cocktail, which she said was good and tasted a little like sangria.Overall, great atmosphere, a bit pricey, but original food that you wouldn't find at your regular sushi restaurant.  I would definitely try this place at least once on a trip to Vegas!  Hopefully I'll get to check out the lounge next time!
4	My friends and I were staying at the Palazzo and I thought to try Sushisamba for my sister's bachelorette dinner.  We made reservations at 10:15pm and upon arrival the bar area and the dining area looked pretty full.  The decor was dark and interesting, with black and white classic Japanese films airing on a large big screen and some classy art/anime con another wall.  My friend and I had a discussion about how we appreciated the scene.    Their menu features a wide array of items: small platters, appertizers, large platters, sushi.   I checked out their menu from the Palazzo website prior so I knew what prices to expect.  We started off with a bottle of sake - they have a pretty extensive sake list - and the price was reasonable for a bottle of sake.  I had ordered the rock fish ($29) and it was prepared very elegantly and was also very very delicious -sweet and moist.  I let my friends sample my dish and everyone really enjoyed it. 2 of my friends ordered the teriyaki chicken ($25) and it wasn't your typical chicken teriyaki - the chicken was served with the bone in and was accompanied with purple mashed potatoes.  I think this was probably my favorite chicken teriyaki dish I have sampled before and the others agreed.  Others at the table ordered sushi, ramen, fries, etc.  There were 9 of us and out of the group, it impressed 3 of us (1 person was myself).  I appreciate good quality food and I thought the prices were reasonable - it is Las Vegas and it is a trendy restaurant in the Palazzo so it's expectable for the prices of cuisine.  Most restaurants on the Las Vegas Strip are usually typically pricey for the amount of food you receive anyway.  I typically like upscale restaurants.  On the other hand, the other girls at the table complained of hunger and that it was expensive.  They didn't agree that ramen for $18 was worth it - they are used to $5 ramen at a no-thrills restautant.  Yes it is only ramen, but it had a delicate lemon grass flavor, it was a decent size, and it is generally a good price for an upscale restaurant.  So this review offers insight for 2 different perspectives.  It was light fare, but perfect for going out to clubs after.  Service was superb.  Our waiter served us well; had friendly casual discussions periodically, and offered to take us into Sugarcane - the club.lounge attached to the restaurant.  Granted, the club/lounge was empty and only had 2 people dancing, it was a nice gesture and this review is solely based on the restaurant.  If you appreciate upscale quality food that emerges to be different and unique in a chic environment try Sushisamba :)
4	I agree with an early reviewer that Sushi Samba is a pretty nice date place.  The first time I went to Sushi Samba was back in early August, and my date and I tried the calamari appetizer with plantains and that was tasty.  The big hit of the night though were my Nina Fresa cocktails and the chocolate fondue.  They were absolutely fabulous! The Nina Fresa cocktails were nice and fruity and gave me a helluva buzz. ;)I enjoyed the ambiance of Sushi Samba so much that I went a second time with my girls during Labor Day Weekend and we were seated in the dining area that later transformed into SugarCane Boutique Lounge after 11 pm.  Our sexy Latin waiter, Jaiver, was very nice and oh-so-hot too! He was very helpful in explaining to us about the different dishes.  For appetizer, we went with Tuna Tataki which was melt in your mouth good! Then, for entree, we tried the Brazilian Churrasco, which was very good too, particularly the dipping sauces that went with the meats.  Oh yes, we also ordered the Cocktail Tree which was awesome! All in all, Sushi Samba was very nice.  I also love the Brazilian/Latin infused house music that played while we were dining.  I would definitely go back again!
4	Having been to the ones in NYC many times over, I was excited that this place had finally opened and it didn't disappoint at all!  We were on the fence on doing the omakase..the waiter was nice enough to offer his own kinda of omakase which would've taken less time.  He said if we went the chef's route that dinner would be over 2 hours.  But alas we went w/ a bunch of different rolls instead.  I can't remember the names off the top of my head but I favs were definitely the toro roll ($25) and the raw thinly sliced kobe beef roll.   I'd like to go back here w/ a group of people.
4	Having been to their Sister Establishments; China Grill Co, I had high expectation for this place.  I am a huge fan of Asian Fusion anything.  I would give this place 5 except for the small tables we were sat at.This place was extremely busy with your traditional lounge down tempo music playing.  It has a huge projector screen displaying various images of sport or anime.  We made RSVP and got seated within 10 minutes.  Here we go, the host sat us right by the server isle between the entrance and the kitchen, not impress and not off to a good start.  After getting bumped several times I asked to be moved.  Then they moved us to a table that was so close to another couple that we might as well been sharing the bill.  There was no room to move.  I told my girl to wash her hands first before sitting down because we have to pull the table out and asked the people on both side to excuse us.  So far, even worse start.  Now the food, we were told that the portions are small, so be prepared to order a lot and to damage the AMEX.  We asked for some recommendation from our server whom by the way was absolutely excellent and was there for everything we need.  He even apologized for the tomato can seating we were in.  We ordered the Tuna Taquitos which was unique with taste and textured - 5.00 per pc.  We had the Yellow Tail Carpaccio with yellow sauce - 18.00 for 5 pcs and worth every penny. I had the Filet Mignon,small and pricey but again worth it.  Jennifer had the Sea Bass, again soft and unique flavors, we also had the lamb chop from the Robata and it is the best lamb chop I had recently.  We also had a few rolls as well, small but delicious.  For desserts we had the Donut Holes dipped in melting chocolate.  Again,the great taste!!!  The service is impeccable, even with small tables, the drinks were unique a bit soft, but the flavors were remarkable.  The portions are extremely small, but again, the taste are unique - Japanese with Brazilian.  The table next to us were from Europe (whom thought this place was as of value, I guest that what happens when you get a Euro into a dollar; instant discount) recommend we try the sampler menu - 80.00 per person but 7 courses. The server did too.  The next time we will since we did spend over 200.00 there.  Sushi Samba is now my top 5 places to eat at, we can't wait to go back there in a few months.
3	The quality of the sushi was decent and the staff was nice - but my biggest complaint was the fact that they wouldn't accommodate my request to turn their King Crab California Roll into a Rainbow Roll...I mean seriously, that is such a simple change.  They told me the kitchen didn't like special requests like that.  Stupid!!
5	This is my first time writing a review.  But I really thought everyone should know how great this place was.  We recently went to the restaurant for my husband's 40th birthday party. We had a group of twelve people.   Let  me just say the food was fabulous and the service was even better.The manager was great from beginning to end.  The servers were great.  We asked one to take a picture and he made sure we got a great picture and took several shots at different angles.  The manager set us up with a omakase type of meal.  It was like everyone at the table was saying......THE BEST MEAL THEY HAVE EVER HAD.   Let me tell you we have all  had Nobu , social house   etc.   What we particularly  liked wasoo the variety.   We had all the flavors of the world at our table.   The portions were tremendous....   we had so much left over.   We even had a custom made cake - let me tell you it was the bomb......       (and I don't even like cake). They also made sure all the food came out in a timely manner so we could make it to our show on time.............     I am not easily impressed but these peple really impressed me with the food and the GREAT SERVICE.     YOU SHOULD TRY IT......
4	Did you know Brazil has the largest Japanese population outside of Japan? So while Japanese-Brazilian shouldn't be considered fusion per se, they turned it into fusion. Because in my mind, fusion isn't just east meets west, it's combining two things that people normally don't eat together. Example: people eat Vietnamese sandwiches, pork pate, daikon radish, and carrots in French baguettes, all the time. But people normally don't eat duck and hoisin sauce on a pizza. Bahn mi = food.  CPK's peking duck pizza = fusion. Fusion in LA it means modern furniture, mood lighting, double the prices, and an A rating.  In LV, it means pretty much the same thing, only triple the prices because hey, we're on the strip.Anyhoo, the sea bass was absolutely delicious. Totally a last-meal-on-earth worthy dish. DELICOUS. Perfectly glazed and fresh. It's so good that I can't even wax poetic on how good it is. I just want to sit and savor the memory of how good it was...MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM....Okay, I'm done with that. But you know what isn't so good? The sake. Supposedly they have the most extensive sake list EVAR. But to me, sake is my version of beer. It goes great with edamame and bad sake is equivalent to bad beer in that it really isn't all that bad. Haha. On the other hand, bad wine is BAD. And undrinkable. But bad sake is always drinkable!So they don't serve hot sake here because heat is used to mask how bad the sake is. This may be true, but my theory is that Asians don't usually drink cold beverages. Asians drink tea! Hot tea usually. And thus, I like to drink hot things. Like hot sake! But Sushi Samba is all "we don't serve hot sake because we only serve superior sake which is best enjoyed cold and you're a plebian for wanting it hot." And so we paid $30 for a teeny bottle of the cheapest sake. Best part was, when they brought it out and B saw the label, he's like "we could have picked this up at Ranch 99!" Also didn't like how tables were squished together. I could have eaten off my neighbor's sushi plate without having to lean over. So those are my pros and cons. The Palazzo concierge actually told us that Sushi Samba is much better than Tao which has been skating by on it's name. So I recommend eating at Sushi Samba, then scootin' on over to Tao to dance off the sake.EDIT: went here again and had every kind of sushi and sashimi and the sea bass. The sea bass was as orgasmic as I remembered it. Everything else was forgettable if it weren't for the astronomically high prices. Skip everything but the sea bass. LOVE.But they were cool enough to let us bring in our water bottles, so they deserve props for that. They didn't have to be so cool about it.
1	room is about a decade dated and the presence of the mall never is quite left behind.the food was way overpriced and way derivative of nobu.  both south american-japanese fusion, but nobu BLOWS THIS PLACE OUT OF THE WATER!the food wasn't awful, but the server had an alternative suggestion for EVERY ITEM WE ORDERED.  annoying, especially when every alternative suggestion was an item among the most expensive items on an already overpriced menu.  he kept pushing these roasted mini-corns and said he'd take them off the bill if we didn't love them.  well  we didn't, and he didn't.this place encapsulates every stupid thing about vegas restaurants.  great, server dude!  you upsold us on some items and promised some things that you didn't back up and padded our bill an extra $50!  good for you!  except instead of my usual 20 plus percent tip you get 14!  and i will never return to your hellhole of a ripoff of a monstrosity of an abortion of a restaurant!  suck on that, sushi samba!
5	This place is sooo good. They have a really nice atmosphere. My friend placed reservation here for my birthday. We got there perfect timing. The waitress and manager are so friendly. Service is really good here. Now the food, just great. We got the appetizer with salted bean, tempera bean, and grilled jalapeno. The beans taste good. The jalapeno wasn't spicy, but had a very sourish/"pickle" taste. It's different. We ordered a samba roll. That was really good. Crunchy, tasteful, and delicious. We ordered the tiger shrimp and sea bass. Both came with peruvian corn. It was my first time having peruvian corn. It is good. It's chewy and reminds me of "sticky" corn but larger size. The sea bass was very good. The meat was soft and sweet and melts in your mouth. It had a teriyaki flavor I thought. The shrimps was very good too. Both tasted very fresh, especially the shrimp. It smells like the ocean. We also ordered fried calamari. The calamari has a tangy sauce poured on top with mixture vegetable including good tomatoes and sweet plantains. They brought out warm banana chocolate cake for me. The dessert is delicious. Ice cream and a crunchy chocolate piece on top of warm chocolate cake in syrup with couple strip of fried banana. Just delicious. All the food were brought out in a very good presentation. The dishes are pricey. But if you want to eat fresh and good quality food, you should come to this place.
5	Thanks to Opentable.com I was able to make table reservations for our group of 9. Customer service was everything you could ask for in an upscale restaurant such as Sushisamba; they were attentive with all of our requests and the wine list they offered was rather impressive. The atmosphere was the best part of the experience - from the contemporary jazz playing in the background to the modern paintings and portraits decorating the room I would have to highly recommend this restaurant for any sushi lover for tourist for that matter.
5	In reality, the food and atmosphere of Sushi Samba warrants a 4 star review, however, our server Mike was so fantastic he earned that 5th star. I'm a big fan of Latin/Asian fusion which, at first mention, confuses most people. Trust me folks, it works. Here the specific Latin influence is South American. Our group ordered a mix of the two types of cuisine and not one dish disappointed. (The menu is large and diverse enough that even the pickiest eaters in your group will find something) The robata dishes were fantastic, as were the tiraditos. The sushi rolls were not that impressive as far as sushi goes. It was my least favorite part of the meal. Dessert was amazing. We sampled three desserts, the mochi, some sort of chocolate hazelnut dish, and a banana dish. Since we were celebrating 3 birthdays the 3 desserts were complimentary. For 5 people, including a bottle of sake, the total bill came to about $200 which is more than reasonable. The atmosphere is fantastic. It is a great place for large groups, the large circular tables provide everyone with the ability to have a conversation. There is nothing I hate more than dining at a long rectangular table with a group; you almost always end up just talking to the people sitting in your immediate area. The ceiling follows the Asian theme with cherry blossoms and the like, while the walls are filled with South American graffiti art. The one thing I could do without was the party video footage from one of their other restaurants, it cheapened the experience a bit. However, halfway through our meal it switched over to a Godzilla movie which I enjoyed much, much more. I would not hesitate to return to Sushi Samba, its a twist on places like Fix and Stack. So if you are looking for a similar atmosphere but with a little something more, this is your place.
5	I LOVE sushisamba! I love saying the name, the atmoshphere, the service and of course, the food! I had a birthday dinner here and had a large party so I had to contact the special events director. They took care of us well and I even got to customize our course meal! The director was really considerate about what I wanted and the budget. I was so amazed at how much food we got! Everyone was stuffed after the fourth dish, but good food kept coming. I am totally hooked on the black truffle aioli that comes with the green bean tempura. The calamari is interesting but good! The sushi rolls are of course, good. The churrasco plate is a must and the portions are huge! Desserts were good and they gave me a small cake for my birthday :] I  will definitely come here again and again and again...
1	Sushi Samba gave us FOOD POISONING!! Unless you're a glutton for punishment I suggest you dine elsewhere.We dined here since we were staying at the Palazzo but that was a costly mistake. Our sashimi platter had traces of fish bone in it!!We sipped on cocktails for TWO HOURS before our entrees came out!! Perhaps that was our servers strategy to entice us to order more alcohol but I'm a food addict not an alcoholic. I don't mind waiting for good food but 2 hours (im not even counting from when we were seated i'm counting from when we finished our appetizers) for entrees is just ridiculous. The 5 courses of churrasco was extremely DRY and don't bother trying the dipping sauces it's accompanied by unless you can control your gagging reflexes. The only good part of our meal was the kobe but then again it was kobe! How can you mess up on kobe???For a better dining experience I suggest you try Yellowtail at the Bellagio instead or many of the other countless fine dining restaurants on the strip. Why would you want to pay to get food poisoning?? You don't DUH that's why you don't eat here.
3	This place is a real douche factory, which is fine, since, you know, it's in Las Vegas.  Not as ridiculously embarrassing as other vegas sushi restaurant's I've been to- Palms Hotel and Casino- I'm looking at you- but there still was a moderately high laugh factor.I would never come here if I wasn't staying at the Palazzo, but since I was- it wasn't THAT bad.  The sake sommelier was good, as was the sake itself.  The waiter was pushy- recommending a fried appetizer combo platter? Um- dude- no.Something I noticed at the Palazzo is that all the waiters at the all the restaurants assume that you're a bumpkin who knows nothing about fine dining.  Which, I suppose, is a pretty good bet.So-so, maybe check it out if you're there.Prices were fine for vegas.  Pacing was good.
3	I've been to the Sushi Samba in Miami, and if I had to choose, I'd be in Miami in a heartbeat. The menu is interesting, and the variety is solid, but I wasn't impressed with the sushi.  The fish was fresh, but not cut well, and the rice was less than stellar.  The space is broken down into cool loops, so you can feel like you're in an intimate place, but take a look at the walls before you end up at a business meeting under the kabuki "adult toy" mural.  I was there with a pretty large group, and I can understand that food may come out a bit slowly.  However, they lost drink orders, which is a cardinal sin for a place with a bar menu that is as big as it is.  The little bites were tasty, and the few bits of Brazillian food that we had were solid. Not amazing, as there are much better ways to do a Brazillian steakhouse kind of menu, but no complaints on that.  What was good?  The environment and the drinks.  If that's what you want, it's more of a 4 star review.
4	Like every other trendy place I go to on the strip (Cut, StripSteak, etc), the 2nd/3rd time is NOT the charm! The first couple of times I went here I was in love.. sadly I took my parents here and was very disappointed!-Duck was chewy-Sushi wasn't as fresh as previous timesThe dessert martini was a winner... at least we left on a good note !
4	Great food.  Very nice servers.  Attentive management.  My only complaint was the music was unbearably loud, we had a hard time talking across our table.
4	I had doubt on this place. How would Brazilian food work well with Japanese food? I only love authentic Japanese food. I sure can have the typical combination, but I only see that as American Japanese food. Sometimes I feel like a restaurant that does fusion because it does not have a firm grip to do the real deal. But this place changed my mind. It earned my respect. I ordered some grill items, some sushi rolls, and some nigiri. The nigiri was done properly. The portion of rice and fish was proper. I enjoyed two of the sushi rolls: Yamato (tuna, foie gras, osetra caviar, gold leaf) and Rainbow Dragon (freshwater eel, red bell pepper, cucumber, mango, avocado). I know, the rainbow dragon roll sounds like a stable nowadays (like chicken teriyaki). But I was surprised by the use of mango in the roll. The mango gave that interesting bite to it. The Yamato roll was a surprise - I didn't expect foie gras would go so well with ahi tuna. But the gold leave was pointless (in my opinion) other than giving a bling bling (and charge extra expensive) for the roll. The seviches was just ok (i.e. within expectation). But the robata was good - we had fillet Mignon and lamb. We also had Japanese Kobe Beef (well, we were travelling at Vegas - so we just splurged on our food instead of spending it at the outlet). It was good. But I think it's overpriced. If you haven't had Japanese Kobe beef before, you don't have to try it at this place unless you are ready to spend some money or to celebrate your win at the casino. The decor has those typical hip restaurant vibe. The harajuku graffiti was a bit awkward to me but I guess most customers will think that's cool. But I wasn't impressed by the video that was played by the restaurant when I was there. We were there for an early dinner (to catch a show at the hotel). So we were there around 5:45. And the restaurant was playing some party video was not that respectful in my opinion. Pretty much you only see a brunch of people partying and dancing and showing their skins. (only a few step away from girls gone wild japanese party version). There were some close up of girls' legs and cleavage that kinda bothered me. Luckily, some customers requested to watch something else. It was the time about the bailout plan and eventually the large screen was showing news. So the party video took that star away. Although it's kinda dark in the restaurant, I saw a couple with two young kids having dinner as well. It's not necessary kids friendly but kids are welcome. But the food at this place was surprisingly good. So, it's worth to give a try. And if you are catching a show, the restaurant will make sure you will be able to make it. :)
4	Interesting mix of cuisine (Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian). Sounds like a potentialy disgusting combo, but it actually works very well. Try their signature sushi rolls. They're extremely good. They also have more Sake than Japan it seems. About a 6 page menu to select from. They also have amazing muddled fruit cocktails. Now, the negatives. As sushi goes, and tapas for that matter, it's slightly pricey. I know it's Vegas, but some things such as sushi just can't go higher than a certain price. The second thing is the fact they have an amazing modern space, but then have a giant screen tv playing football. Why dumb down a hip place. Oh well.
5	When we were in Vegas in November, we decided to dine at Sushi Samba one night since we were staying at the Palazzo. The restaurant is tucked away in the corner and has a dark sexy vibe to it. We had 6:30 pm reservations on a Friday night and since it was a little early, the restaurant was not overly busy which allowed us to receive a lot of attention from Mike, our waiter. He was one of the best waiters I have had in a restaurant in a long time...he was very helpful in helping us select a bottle of sake and made recommendations on the food and how many plates to order for our group of 5. Plus he checked on us often enough so we didn't sit with empty glasses, but not too much where it was annoying.The food was amazing for the most part. The scallops and chicken robota were my two favorite things that we ordered that evening. The scallops were cooked perfectly and were not gritty at all. They didn't quite have that melt in my mouth feeling, but were some of the best I have had since moving to the Southwest. My husband sampled some of the sushi that our group ordered, and even as a sushi newcomer, he was not blown away by it. It was probably the most disappointing of the dishes that our group ordered. Our group received three complimentary desserts (we were celebrating 3 birthdays that evening) of which the chocolate hazelnut dish was my favorite. It was absolutely heavenly.Our group's bill came to approximately $200, which I thought was reasonable given the number of dishes we ordered, plus we also had a bottle of sake ($62 itself), and several other alcoholic beverages. Sushi Samba is definitely a great restaurant for those dining in a group because the circular booths are large and perfectly designed for chatting with the person next to you or across the table. I will definitely dine again at Sushi Samba on a future trip to Vegas.
4	Best dinner experience during a recent week in Vegas - equal credits due to food, company, service and the ambiance.I loved my lemon samurai - light enough so I could have a perfectly lucid conversation and remember all of it, yet not trivial enough to pass off as a mocktail! The vegetarian roll doesn't merit too much reflection, but the plaintains and coconut rice lent a nice Latin infusion to the otherwise bland menu.The ambiance is mighty chic without being uber pretentious like some of the other Palazzo restaraunts. Which means the crowd is about as "normal" as you could get in Vegas! Not abnormal is the pricetag - expensive certainly, but heck, I'd rather savor a memorable dinner than watch my money vanish on a table on the casino floor!Overall, great place to linger, lounge and see and be seen.
3	This place is OK, the rolls have that really chew wrap which I hate. The drinks are $10 and not all that stiff, but come in cool looking glassware. The tables are ultra close together. The guy next to me and I were rubbing thighs the whole time. Overall I could take it or leave it, but they do seat you right away which is about all I need in a restaurant.
3	Date: Saturday, December 20Time: 8:00PMPeople: Party of 6Service: Fast and friendlyAte: Yamato Roll, California Roll, Shrimp and Veggie Tempura.  Yamato was tasty and very pretty but only had three pieces for $19.  California rolls could have been better for being $14.  They were very plain tasting.  Shrimp and veggie tempura were good, but small for $14 (I think there were three pieces of small shrimp and three veggies) and came with two sauces, a spicy sauce and the tempura sauce.  Can't recall what everyone else had, but I think everyone agreed it was okay.Drank: Lemon Samurai, $12.  Tasted like Lipton Brisk Ice Tea, which could be good or bad depending on if you like Lipton Brisk Ice Tea.  I don't.Bottom Line: This place is pricier than some of the trendy sushi joints in LA that have a better vibe and tastier sushi, but it makes a great first stop for a night out in Vegas.  I'd probably come back again.
5	We ordered the chef's assortment of rolls -- which were, to our pleasant surprise, actual rice paper wraps filled with scallops, tuna, and salmon.Excellent service, chic feel, and sushi is among the best I've had anywhere on either coast (San Francisco and New York).
3	OVERPRICED!!!!This place is waaay overpriced. Appetizer size plates for $20 with barely enough food on them to feed a fish. Sushi was nothing to rave about....I have had much better at my local sushi joint. Spent a lot of money for an empty stomach in the end. Sure the place is beautiful with nice decor but would I really pay all that for that food. I think NOT! Sea bass was the best dish I had...it almost melted in your mouth. I perhaps would return for this dish but at $20 for two kebabs....I would have to think about it. Filet Mignon was about the size of half your palm for $20...ridiculous if you ask me. Some good flavor but too expensive for me to return. You definitely do not get what you pay for here.
4	This place was really super, really great, a little pricey, and really fun.Now, I'm not a foodie. I can hang with the foodies, understand the lingo and know mostly what they talk about, but I just like to eat. I like to enjoy my food in the more primal sense - eat it, love it, and try to eat more of it.So it was here that my lovely and I came to have our first meal of our trip in Vegas. I like Peruvian and Brazilian, she likes Fish and Asian, so hey... bada bing.We did a sort of taster/small plates menu, from some sushi, a lambchop which I will call THE WORLDS BEST. Peruvian maize which were the size of freaking lima beans, but oh so good, and... well.. truth be told I can't remember all what else. There was some sort of ceviche deal, but after a few DonQ Mojitos, and a lot of drinking that night, I can barely recall all that was had.But from what I do remember, it was really really good. Sure, it's a fusion restaurant and they either go really really great or you leave less than impressed, but this place really left a good impression on me. The service was wonderful, the exotic drinks weren't too sickly in my opinion, and the decor, ambiance, service, and wait were rather agreeable (especially after having driven for 5 hours that day)Prices weren't shockingly "brb, need to hit the craps table for a few rolls" high either.Really good if you're looking for some sort of Asian/South American style cuisine.
4	Excellent service from Matt who was very knowledgeable of the foreign terms on the menu and made the atmosphere more lively.  He was very patient with the dietary restrictions that my friend had and made great recommendations.  Highlights were the peruvian corn which were colossal and meaty.  They disappeared very quickly.  We also shared the Rio Grande churrasco.  One of the 3 meats we had chosen were the rib eye which was medium rare and excellent with the red chimichurri dipping sauce (1 of the 4 sauces that came with the dish).  The lobster on the Samba Strip Roll was the best thing of the dish - everything else was a bit plain and for $20, I don't think I'll be ordering that again. We also had the tasty seabass skewers and topped our dinner off with 3 flavors of ice cream on a plate with a chocolate 'Happy Birthday' written on it for the birthday girls. The place is a bit pricey but heck, we were in Vegas!
3	It's located in the Venetian hotel.  We sat at the bar because the actual restaurant was extremely dark and we didn't have the urge to feel like we were eating in a cave.  The bartenders were really cool and they did a good job of serving us and making us drinks.  Interesting drink menu and they make a really good Mojito.  We had sushi which was very good and tasted very fresh.  Overall, it was a good experience. Worth it if you're staying at the Venetion.  Not sure if it's worth a special trip from another hotel just to go here however.
4	I really liked this place just a couple of things ruined the experience for me. First of all we sat in this tiny tiny table and I could totally smell and almost taste what the couples next to me were eating/order.. I can't even begin to tell you how close we were.. ew.  And I was soo overwhelmed with the menu. But I guess that is a good thing. OH and I did not like the ceviche taco, too smushy for me.Our waitress was amazing, all her suggestions (the sea bass and the pork belly) were our faves. We also got the sashimi platter, over 14 pieces of sashimi and it filled me up! They comped me a birthday cake which was delicious!  This is now on my Vegas rotation!
2	What can I say about Sushi Samba? Maybe I was not in the mood to dance. I was in the mood for sushi. Traditional sushi, which is apparently not their specialty. I mean it is called sushi samba so I expected some south american food with the sushi but not even a philly roll? Aside from the crazy menu which actually was decent I just wasn't feeling that adventurous that night, the service was great. The samurai staring at me while I peed was a little unnerving and also a little erotic.The one thing that kept throwing me off was that I thought I went to a restaurant not a nightclub. I couldn't hear my server ask me if I wanted a refill on my delicious drink. Dark and loud. Which is perfect if all you need to order is a whiskey/ginger or rum/coke or something along those lines but what you need to order is the Capoeira Roll and a Green Envy Roll hold the wasabi pea crust and WTF is yamagobo? That's gotta be hard to explain when you aren't screaming over the DJ....
5	Well it was conveniently located in the Palazzo and was my perfect spot for a quick lunch at the bar.. I have been to the Sushi Samba in Nyc and in South beach they are always consistent i love the look and the vibe from the 1 in vegas..  I got the Yamato Roll and soon as I tried it I wanted to cry they incorporated my fav things into a roll and it seriously was the best roll that has ever crossed my lips..  Foie Gras on Top of Tuna on Top of Rice Topped with Gold Flakes..  YUMMMMMMMMMY.... I managed to go there for this roll every day for lunch lol its small its only 3 pieces but for me it was 3 pieces of heaven... ; )
3	the restaurant had the usual las vegas markup, and the food didn't really wow.  however, the rolls were very unique and different and the presentation of the food was done very well.  the combination of jap/peruvian/brazilian works pretty well together, though you can find better jap/peru/bra food at individual restaurants.  overall, it was a decent experience though i dont think i would go there again.
3	Very cool decor and great service.  Some of the dishes, including the rock shrimp with peas, were great.  Others, like the scallops with foam and the ceviche, were just not.  It's pretty expensive, but worth a visit if you can justify the price.  Just do your research on here for the best dishes before ordering.
5	Just like any fancy Vegas joint, if you want to have a pretty good experience at the restaurant, expect to pay upwards of ~$45 per person.I would recommend making reservations as the place can get packed.I came with a group of about 8. The menu is extensive. You probably won't know what to get especially if it's your first time at this joint. Our waiter, who was really nice and helpful, asked us how much we were willing to spend and he would take care of us.Take care of us he did. We were set up with a 6 course meal which included Peruvian and Japanese style cuisine. I can't remember everything (because there was a lot of variety), but there was lots of good stuff like sushi and steak. Peruvian corn is TASTY!Presentation of food was perfect. They are quick with filling water and the plates and utensils are elegant and unique. A few times during our meal, they replaced our plates with fresh ones.We paid $45 each and we were all very satisfied because the meal was filling and not too much.The service and the environment and professionalism they give you at the restaurant was well worth the money and I would definitely come back here.The background music they would play was very samba. I was really diggin' it.The bar area looked interesting. I would have sat down to have a few drinks if I wasn't too messed up for before.The bathrooms were incredibly nice. However, I can only really speak for the men's room. It's like the urinals have their own big stall. You just have to see it. They have someone there asking if you would like some soap and after you're done washing your hands, they give you a REALLY soft towel to wipe your hands on. NICE!It's located in a nice place in some shopping area near a Victoria's Secret and a other stores. So if you're bored waiting for a table, you can shop around.
5	I had an amazing experience at Sushi Samba last night.  Fair enough, it wasn't packed so I'm sure it was easier to pay attention to us, but still.  It's not too often that you get Brazilian/Peruvian/Japanese food on one menu.  Our server Javier was fantastic - attentive, helpful, knowledgeable, fun, but not the least bit overbearing.  The manager Hayes was the same.  We felt like we were constantly checked on and attended to - quite luxurious.They helped us pick some amazing items off of the giant menu, and we were thrilled with all of the items we had.Tempura green beans, yellowtail tiradito, the samba strip roll (possibly our favorite), and the churrasco (we got hanger steak, pork tenderloin and linguisa).The cocktails.  Oh.My.God.The cocktails.  Amazing, fresh, delicious. . . . I had the monthly special (a strawberry mojito), and a lemon samurai which was seriously the most amazing drink I've ever had.My only gripe with things that are flown in fresh from all around the world - impressive yes, but the environment scowls in your general direction Sushi Samba.  Situated in the largest LEED certified building in the world (http://www.commercialpropertynews.com/cpn/content_display/regions/southwest/e3i76b446d81cf85aa4fc437cba15737e76), you'd think this would be a faux pas.  Take advantage of it if your conscience allows - you won't be sorry.  The two of us got out after two cocktails each and the shared food mentioned for under $150.  Not bad for an upscale Vegas restaurant.
4	Very different (in a good way) , I had dinner  there on my birthday  and the mix of sushi and peruvian food had us wowed. Can't remember what we had but the sushi roll with the jalepeno was bomb!
5	Sushi Samba gets 5 big red stars in my book!Decor - I love the vibrant colors and pictures they had all over the walls. It reminded me of Anime. Service - Excellent! Our waiter was very helpful and made many great suggestions. The food came quick as well even when the restaurant was full.Food - Great presentation and absolutely flavorful! Nom nom nom! I didn't want to get full so I could eat some more!Ordered:Sea bass yakitori - This was our first dish to arrive and it definitely set the bar. The fish just melted off. It was cooked well and seasoned perfectly. The Peruvian corn that came with it was good as well. Very robust and large kernels. Yellowtail ceviche - AMAZING! The lime juice and other flavors blended so well together. This was my favorite dish along with the Sea bass yakitori. Tuna ceviche - The tuna was fresh tasting but wasn't as great as the yellowtail ceviche. Maybe I got spoiled but I thought the cherry tomatoes and almonds over powered the fish, which too me isn't a good thing because I love raw fish. Kanpachi sashimi - Nice sliced of fresh kanpachi and jalepeno. Wonderful dish. Neo Tokyo Roll - It was good but not great. Nothing much more to say about it. Shrimp Tempura - Very crisp and fresh. Lightly powdered shrimp. Didn't have too much tempura and was not soggy like other places. Signature Fruit cocktails - Strong but also fruity (meaning I could tast the FRESH fruit flavors). A good strong drink doesn't need to taste bad. I wold DEFINITELY go again and I am recommending Sushi Samba to all my friends and whoever else is planning on going to Vegas. =D
5	One of my favorite sushi experiences everrrr.  I've been here three times on three different Vegas visits and it's always delicious.On the last visit, we opted for a tasting menu for a party of 7.  The waiter was selling it pretty hard and we finally gave in.  Pretty glad we did too.  We asked for a lower end menu costing $50-55/head and the kitchen did a superb job.  We were able to taste way more than we would have ever imagined if we were to order a la carte.EdamameRock Shrimp Tempura - (MUST GET)Yellowtail Seviche Taquitos - (YUM!)Yellowtail w/ jalapeno and lemongrass taradito (this is the best one)Kanpachi w/ yuzu sea salt and black truffle oil taradito Tuna w/ granny smith serrano and lime taraditoSalmon w/ orange and miso taraditoFilet Mignon Robato w/ 4 kinds of sauteed mushrooms (YUUUM)Chilean Sea Bass w/ Miso Sauce anticucho w/ Peruvian Corn (GIANT CORN-delicious fish)Neo Tokyo rollGreen Envy rollEl Topo rollPacific rollRainbow Dragon rollDrinks  - overall they have pretty good drinks, and if you are clever enough to score some 2 for 1 coupons, it's worth it!  I like the Samba Juice and the Lemon Samurai. :)
5	excellent food, excellent service, cute brazilian waitress. reasonable prices. i'll be back!
3	Just a warning...it's quite expensive at this restaurant! Besides the price, I really enjoyed the tall ceilings and the roominess of this place. We got hooked up by a friend and she got us free yummy, guava/lime juice and vodka shots that was served on this cool looking tree stand (whew...that was a long description). Anyways... our server was quite knowledgeable with the food menu and the drink menu (which was quite extensive) . He was trying to get us to spend $60/person but we were not that hungry to eat a four course meal. The sushi rolls were good but not spectacular, but the mushroom dish was to die for. I don't know what the sauce was but THAT was pretty damn awesome. Overall, it's fun for a group of ppl who can afford the $200 bill at the end of a small meal.
3	Good sushi with a twist. They have some unique flavors and rolls: bobo brazil, yamato (foie gras, caviar, toro) and a few others. Spicy tuna was pretty disappointing.Careful when ordering the Kobe, it's $27 an ounce usually a 5oz minimum. My smart friend ordered 10oz's off the bat thinking it was only $27 total. I am not sure of the name, but the Kobe cooked on a hot rock is delicious. Worth $150 per order? Just for the experience. If you could gamble $50 a hand on blackjack or pai gow, why not eat it as well?  Pros: unique rolls and flavorsCons: very pricey ($2 for wasabi haha), mediocre service both times I went
4	We came here for dinner one night when we couldnt find sushi roku- but thats okay because even though there one in the town we're from we ate here.The place is loud, not a good place for romantic dates and certainly not a good place if you want to actually hear the what the person you are dining with is saying- but other then that I found the food to be delicious! We ordered practically everything on the menu. The stand outs were the quinoa risotto, fresh uni, oysters. Although we didnt have too much of their signature maki's we ordered a lot of sashimi and it was all very fresh and beautifully presented.Our waitress could of been a little more knowledgeable but she was pretty prompt with her service.
3	This is a very luxurious restaurant. Don't hit it up if you're just looking for some average sushi spot.I got three rolls and probably 4 ounces of sake - for a grand total of about $60 with tip.I'm not using to spending that way, but this is the kind of place where I feel the most comfortable doing it. The food is decadent, the service is impeccable, and the decor is sophisticated but unique. Loved the Brazilian?/Russian? parade they were playing on the TVs.I liked it. But I'm cheap as hell, so I won't be back unless I'm living on a secure salary.
3	Hip place, great layout  in the dining area.   A real scene similar to up stairs in the West Village.   It was kind of odd to have the bar right in front though exposed to the shopping corridor in the Palazzo.    We tried many of the small dishes, all were good, even if over priced.    Overall I would come back here with a group, this was a good spot.
3	A little pricey? Yes, perhaps but I find most sushi places offering tasty fresh sushi usually are. I had a quick low key meal here at the bar so I cannot really speak to the actual decor of this restaurant. I ordered some sashimi (toro & unagi)...both were good but the unagi was so delicious I ordered another piece. I had the Neo Tokyo Roll as well and while it may not have been anything "super fancy" I thought it was tasty and would have gladly eaten another piece or two. I also had a cocktail (a strawberry martini type thing) which I also thought was very tasty - very fresh! I would gladly go back to SS.
4	IT WOULD'VE BEEN 5 STARS BUT THE WAITRESS WAS BITCHY AT FIRST!Being a HUGE Sex and The City fan, I had to go to this place.  The decor is captivating and the lighting is perfect.  Red is the dominant hue of the restaurant and it is so pretty.   The location in Ceasars is kind of hidden so we stumbled upon it.  We went at the perfect time, right around 3 or 4 and it was not busy.  However, the place got PACKED!  THEY DECIDED TO PUT A ROW OF 6 OR 7 TABLES EXTREMELY CLOSE TOGETHER SO YOU FEEL LIKE YOU ARE HAVING DINNER WITH COMPLETE STRANGERS ON EITHER SIDE OF YOU.  YOU CAN HEAR THEIR ENTIRE CONVERSATION, BY THE WAY.  Just entirely too intimate for me.  Our visit started out kinda rocky.  Our waitress lacked time management skills and/or waited on the other tables hand and foot because she thought they would give them a bigger tip, maybe? Dont know!  All I do know is that we sat there for 25 minutes with nothing more than a hello.  So after compaining to another waitress she finally came around.  While we were ordering, our server was more than eager to answer all of my hyper active, anxious and indecisive friend.  The menu is a combination of Pervian, Brazillian and Asian fusion.  OOOOOH SO DIVINE!  IT WAS SO HARD TO DECIDE ON WHAT TO CHOOSE.  We finally decided on Sushi and Seabass, miso soup and seaweed salad.  The miso is delicious but I've had better.  My friend ordered the Red Wild mushroom and truffle Miso.  IT WAS SOOOOO DELICIOUS!  But, THE SEAWEED SALAD IS A MUST HAVE TO VEGGIE LOVERS.  Seaweed has a distinct taste of it's own but it is sooo friggin good!  I was so pleasantly surprised.  When to food arrived, I was like a kid in a candy store.  I CANNOT REMEMBER WHAT SUSHI I ORDERED BUT ONE OF THEM THE BEST EVER!  As expected, the food is expensive.   Between the 2 of us, it was well over $100. So don't go here if you are trying to save money.  If you do just order the tapas on the left side of the menu.  But, you will still be hungry.I loved this place.  With the exception of the servers lack of time management skills at first, this was one of my favorite visits on this trip.  I WILL BE GOING BACK!  I LOVE SUSHI SAMBA!!!!!!!
4	Not bad... Not bad at all!I like the ambience - definitely has a fusion feel to it.  Our server was super super nice and friendly.  Which is always a plus~They had a good selection of food on their menu.  Like I said, it's fusion so you will see various Brazilian, Peruvian, and Japanese food on their menu.  I was really craving some sushi and so I ordered two rolls - the Green Envy roll and their spicy yellowtail roll.I really liked how they crushed the spicy wasabi peas and put it in the Green Envy roll - it gave it a nice crunch w/ that wasabi kick!  I also REALLY liked their spicy yellowtail roll.  It was simple but I thought was a perfect b/c it really let the taste of their fresh yellowtail shine through~!!
2	Two stars for being the worst of the three that I've been to.The usual SS staples are there, and the food isn't bad, but they ditched the Calimari that is on the Chicago menu!  Unbelieveable.  That was the most delicious thing I had ever had!Mostly, my beef with this place is the location, in a mall, and the ambience of the place.  The ironic part is that when you are dining at the Chicago or Miami locations, it feels like you are in Vegas: swanky, cool, fun.  But dining in the Vegas one feels like you are at a Legal Seafoods in suburbia.Just misses something.  If you're in Vegas, go someplace else.
5	Fun environment and service was amazing. This place was packed from the start of our dinner to the finish. The crowd is pretty young and fun. Great spot to find out what/where to go next. Everything was fantastic outside of the very loud drunks at the table next to us. Don't get me wrong they were a good time - just hard to hear the conversation at our table over theirs. I will hit this place on my next visit to Las Vegas!
4	This place looks pretty dope when you walk in and hearing that they spent around $10MM on this spot is pretty crazy.  I like the bar in the front, that's a nice touch as well as the Peruvian-Brazilian-Japanese inspired food that they serve here.  This one kills the one I went to in NYC (10 times nicer, 50 times bigger).  Service is good and they even have a lounge in the back if you want to continue the party.
3	We stayed at the Venetian and Palazzo over the weekend. It took us about an hour to decide on which restaurant in the Palazzo to dine at....because man are the restaurants SUPER PRICEY. Since we had friends that had to catch a flight we had to eat in the Palazzo so we decided on this place for a group of 9.This place blends Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian cuisine....while it sounds like a great idea (never heard of such an Asian Fusion Combo)....I think this place tries way to hard to be different. The only thing that I really liked was the grilled sea bass....super yummy but it still was $16 for two mini skewers. It came with Peruvian corn which sounded interesting....but turned out to be huge corn kettles that tasted like buttered lima beans....yucko!!! As far as the sushi I tried about 5 of the 10 rolls they had. Wasn't too impressed with any of them. They looked pretty and all....but weren't so yummy. I tried a few other dishes too....it just seemed like they were blending unique flavors that just didn't blend well together. The few things preventing me from giving this place 2 stars was the great service (note: they do get 20% tip for groups.....so I do expect top quality service), cool ambiance, and hot guys. Check out the break down below:2 STARS - FOOD (Overall disappointing)....EXCEPT FOR THESEABASS 2 STARS - PRICE (Expect to pay $40 - $100 per person if you want to get full)2 STARS - PORTIONS (I left still a bit hungry)4 STARS - ATMOSPHERE5 STARS - SERVICE (Really friendly waitress)5 STARS - HOT WORKERS!!! (seriously...do you have to be a model to work here....there was lots of eye candy dressed in all black)__________________________________JUST 3 STARS ALL IN ALL....OVERALL DON'T REALLY RECOMMEND IT HERE IF YOU ARE STRAPPED ON CASH....UR PROBABLY BETTER OFF AT A BUFFET ON THE STRIP IF YOU WANNA GET YOUR MONEY'S WORTH. BUT IF YOU HAVE MONEY TO BLOW....THIS IS A HAPPENING PLACE.
5	Glad I stumbled onto this place.  I went there last Saturday (3/28) because we were going to a comedy show at the adjacent Sugarcane Lounge.  Seating was full so we sat at the bar.  Very different but intriguing menu. As we were trying to figure out what to order, this guy next to us told us to order this, this, and that - all of which was incredible.  Turns out the guy was the owner Matt who couldn't have been more gracious and hospitable. Everything we ordered was superb and bursting with flavor.  The only warning I would give is that the flavors are quite intense and they stayed with me most of the night.  I'm sure the people next to me at the blackjack table were none too pleased.  After throwing my money away the evening before at Koi, this was a welcome find. Yes it's not cheap as previous reviewers stated, but being from L.A. I'm used to spending $$$ for quality sushi.  I am planning another Vegas trip in May and Sushi Samba will definitely be on the agenda.  Highly recommended.
3	I have to say that I was really interested to dine here. I'd heard about the outpost in NYC and since I was in Vegas and heard that there was a location there now, I wanted to try. And the experience...it kinda lived up to the hype.The food - it was very tasty. The sushi that I had...and I had quite a bit...was fresh and good. And they offered a couple of different sushi options that I hadnt seen at other sushi restaurants. The menu was quite interesting. If you dont know about the concept, its japanese and south american & latin american fusion. And I think it pairs together very well. For the quality...I thought the prices were set accordingly.The ambiance - very hip...very cool. The vibe of the place is incredible and you just get that feel that youre in a chic and sexy place. The music, the decor, the servers...its all there. The bar area in the front is very accommodating and there are large tables and booths set up for large groups as well.So why only three stars...? The service. Now I know you cant always judge a place completely on one visit, but the service was very suspect here. Now, I should have known better than to expect great service from a bar seat for dinner...however, it was a slow night there, so I thought it would be decent at least...and it was just barely that. Slow...slow...slow. And my bartender/server just seemed not aware of everything that was going on. Bringing me incorrect sushi order at first, then a incorrect drink order, then completely mischarging the order of the gentleman next to me. And when all this was happening, the managers just seemed to be too concerned about a large birthday party of ladies than what was going on with the gentleman order and bill or my incorrect orders. I think this place probably still does very well cause its a cool spot with a great location inside the Palazzo...but service is very important. I will go back again and hope that my service experience will be different next time.
5	I'm a huge fan of Japanese fusion, so I was excited to finally try this place during my last Vegas trip and it did not disappoint.  We came around 6pm on a Saturday and were seated right away.For 4 people we got the seared kobe beef (demolished immediately...entire plate was cleared within like 10 seconds) and seaweed salad small plates, filet mignon with green pea puree and wasabi froth, and the BoBo Brazil, Neo Tokyo, and Capoeira(?) rolls.Everything was delicious, the Neo Tokyo (yellowfin tuna, tempura flake, aji panca) was probably my favorite of everything we had, and my Lemon Samurai cocktail went down like juice.
5	The BOBO Brazil roll is amazing.
4	This first time I had Sushi Samba was in Miami last year. I had no idea there were several restaurants throughout the US. I was in Vegas last weekend and we decided to eat at Sushi Samba in the Palazzo. The menu was significantly different than the lunch menu at the Miami location. Not only was it different, it was significantly better! I was not dissapointed with the Chilean Sea Bass that I had for dinner. It was marinated in Miso and accompanied with veggies. Superb and perfectly  cooked. We also started off with tempura and the unagi and copeira rolls. YUMMY!!!!  The salad we also ordered was a large portion...enough to feed all four of us.I was able to taste test all of my friends food as well and theirs seemed just as good as mine!!This place is great for a nice dinner in Vegas although a little pricey (spent over $220 total on food only, no cocktails) it is definitely worth it to try out of the ordinary and comfortably ordinary menu items. I am such a fan!
5	I went here with a Bachelorette party of about 7 of us.  None of us had been here before and didn't know what to expect.  We made dinner reservations, but still had to wait a bit to get our table.  Once we got in... the server was definitely hospitable, gracious, and informative - I only wished I remembered his name to give a shout out. He informed us of the type of restaurant Sushi Samba was, which is a fusion of Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian.  We all weren't sure of what to get so he suggested we do a "tasty menu" which I think was the Omakase (on the website menu).  This allowed us to try the different types of food the menu had to offer.  We let him know what we liked and what we didn't like and he informed the chefs and they brought out a plethora of tasty treats that was enough for 7 of us.  It started off with some appetizers, such as the Otsumani ( an assortment of edamame, tempura green beans and shishito  - spicy peppers.... absolutely delicious!) and an assortment of other appetizers that I can't remember.  We then had a n array of seviche.  After that we had different types of meats on skewers and then topped off the evening with sashimi and sushi rolls.  One thing, we were all in awe of the food , we could hardly remember what everything was.  A huge highlight of the dinner was the yellowtail seviche! An absolute delicious delight.  Another overwhelming mouth watering treat was the Chilean Sea Bass on skewers with peruvian corn.  I believe we also had the Samba Strip roll at the end of the meal which was thoroughly mouth quenching!  We all sat back after the meal and were all very happy and pleased with this establishment and all said how we were going to have to come back there every Vegas excursion we go on.  It is a bit pricey.. but I think the food is worth the $$$$.  On top of all that, the atmosphere was definitely pleasing as well as the music which kept me moving in my seat all night.  This place is well worth the 5 star rating and worth the $$$$!
5	Foodie Orgasms is all i can say about this establishment. I am friends with the Managers at the SouthBeach Location so when i went to go hang out with a friend in Sin City i decided to pull rank and get some First Class service knowing full well i was gonna lose money on the tables. Yeah i lost money but wasnt disappointed one bit at the Sushisamba location at the Palazzo Hotel. I will avoid mentioning having to drop a former friend from ruining my dinner right b4 it started but as soon as i got to the location which i must say is unbelievable and by far is the best designed Sushisamba, A close second will be the now defunct location in Dallas at the Galleria mall. I felt like a kid when i entered the restrooms. I had a nice corner to myself and the Hostess was kind enuff to keep me company since i got jilted by a former friend (which i refuse to talk about).  I got Ala carte type service and even the Chef, Jose came out to greet me and making me feel special cos he remembered me from the Southbeach spot. The taquitos were incredible i had the yellow tail and the lobster one. I decided i was only going to do small plates so i ventured to the Anticuchos and ordered the Chicken liver which just melted in my mouth and made Vegas worthwhile and followed by the Chilean Sea bass that the hostess recommended. For my drink i always get their Caiprinha which is like a Brazilian mojito and was on point.Now i was getting full but the Chef surprised me with a Kobe Beef plate which was Sushi grade and once again splendid and lest i forget i also ordered the Peruvian corn for my side which is ridiculously tasty. There were several groups in town for Bachelors parties and partying in General and the decor just made the groups blend in and make it very private. Will definitely be back
4	I've been jaded by the whole fusion cuisine fare as there's so many that have done it terribly wrong.This isn't the case at Sushi Samba.My wife and I decided we take a chance and boy we were impressed.  I let our waitress know that we'd just like to try "whatevers good" and to please do not hold back...We were entertained with 4 different sashimi dishes, tuna with a granny smith green apple puree, kampachi in truffle oil, squeeze of lime & some sea salt, salmon in mandarin orange reduction & kampachi in some sort of chile vinegrette... all awesome.Next we were served with some items from the robata, although the end pieces of the filet mignon did come off a bit dry, the prep, grilled green onion and center of the piece made up for it... I would of liked it not so seared but still great flavors.This was also my first time having a ceviche with passion fruit sauce, let alone a lobster ceviche.. it was absolutely delicious. The sauce and vegetables were super colorful but all the flavors complimented each other nicely. A tiny bit of sourness from the passion fruit to substitute the traditional lime, and some truffle oil made it taste super buttery.. Super delicious.There were a couple other dishes that weren't as memorable, BUT were still very delicious.  Eitherway, it didnt break our bank and I enjoyed our "early dinner".Service was great. Pretty standard for all the restaurants there (we went to the Las Vegas, NV location in the Palazzo)
5	i'm a bad yelper when it comes to days and time. I was suppose to yelp this place last year in August. LOL.My boyfriend went to this place w/ his friends. He called me up and was saying how i should really try this place when we both go to Vegas. I was like okay. So i decide to go to Vegas in August, of last year, we made reservations here around lunch time. The place was big and nice. Although it didn't have much people, i still like the atmosphere. I didn't know what to order because everything looks so yummy and i just wanted to order everything. Sushi is my favorite food. I'll eat anything or try something new if i never had it. So anyways, my bf was telling me that he had the waiter choose his food. I was like really wow, thats nice. So we let the waiter pick our foods. of course, he asked us what type of dishes do we normal like. We told him our preference and he did all the ordering. Man, can i tell you everything was really good. I can't even remember the dishes he picked. Thats how dam good it was. Hhahaha. Well besides it was last year. LOL. I am going to Vegas this summer. I can't wait to go to this place. I'm drowling. J/k.......
2	This is place is overhyped and smaller than I expected. It has great service from the bartenders and servers but the food has costco  likesampler portions. I ordered the Toban Yaki organic mushroom, charred green onion, garlic chips 2oz min. $49 for like 5 pieces of kobe. You can get better portions at social house or n9ne steak house. The yellowtail sushi was average nothing exciting. So if you a king looking for real portions dont come here. Sushi Samba is only good for the "scenery"
4	I was in Vegas last weekend, and rolled out of bed at 11am on Saturday with a craving for sushi.  I recalled having had a tasty sushi meal in the Venitian canal shops a few years back, so my wife and I headed over there looking for the place.  We ended up at Sushi Samba in the Palazzo shops, which was not the place I remembered but certainly a pleasant experience.  I had always known that South America had a decent population of Japanese people, but had never been anywhere that attempted a fusion of Japanese and South American cuisine.  It totally works, and the restaurant was beautiful inside.The sushi was excellent.  We tried the chef's selection which came with a nice assortment of tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and shrimp.  We also tried one of the South American dishes - miso sea bass skewers with Peruvian corn.  I had never had anything like it and it was amazing.  In the end the bill for those items plus a few more and a couple of beers came to just over $100, but well worth it.  I would highly recommend this place, and would also recommend you try it for lunch instead of dinner.  At midday there were only a handful of people there and the service was excellent.
5	I think the reason why I put off this review for 2 months is that I've been afraid of not praising this place enough with what I'm about to say in a couple of lines. First of all, thanks to my procrastination, I've forgotten the incredibly friendly manager's name who treated us newly legals to 3 Chu-cumber shots, which, btw, go down ridiculously well. (Maybe his name was Anthony...?) Anyway, he also hooked us up with a bouncer at Tryst and we got in without having to wait! So the staff and their service is really really amazing. I'm pretty positive if you go there (soon), there will still be this omg-drool-with-my-eyes-like-it's-possible waiter there ready and waiting to fill up your glass of water... or take your order... or ravage - no, that's it. Enough about the awesome service, the food was also REALLY REALLY amazing. It's a Brazilian/Japanese fusion type restaurant, but I'm not really big on Brazilian unless it's like a churascaria, so we went with mainly Japanese type dishes. (I mean "Japanese" in the most non-traditional way though) The condensed version looks like this and in this order (But ALL should be had at least once - write it down guys, seriously. Prepare yourselves):BoBo Brazil RollGreen Envy RollEl Topo RollMiso Marinated Chilean Sea Bass (way too small for it's own good.) Neo Tokyo RollThis place is pretty pricey, but I've been here 3 times already and I don't intend to stop. I've pretty much made an agreement with myself that I will eat here at least once any time I'm in Vegas. 5 Stars!! Okay, and I know I mentioned "condensed version" earlier which implies a more in-depth explanation to those, but too bad? You're just going to have to trust me. HAPPY GAMBLING, HAPPY CLUBBING, HAPPY EATING, and HAPPY SAMBA-ING. :)
3	This place was really built by a couple of my friends that couldn't stop talking about it.  I thought it was OK and overpriced, even for Vegas standards. There were some great items--sea bass anticuchos and pork belly ramen were my favs of the evening.  the sushi was decent but nothing out of the ordinary for the price.  the mini tacos were good, but just that, mini.  the rock shrimp tempura was a bust at our table--way too much mayo and 2/3 of the seaweed salad tasted like nothing.  it prob would have fared better if my expectations weren't so high.
5	Out of all the restaurants I've been to in Vegas, I must say....Sushi Samba is probably the best one I've eaten at!  Though the food isn't cheap and the portions aren't big.....everything that I ordered was delicious and well worth the money.  I would recommend everything I ordered for those that are going there.  Here's what I ordered for 2 people:1) sea bass and miso antichucos....the Peruvian corn that comes with it was quite tasty2) agedashi tofu....3 fried tofu, 1 asparagus and 1 mushroom in some sort of sauce.  this was probably the most normal item that we ate on the menu....but it was still good.3) bobo brazil samba roll.  this was quite interesting...seared kobe beef roll.4)  some sort of spicy tuna roll.  the tuna was high quality...VERY FRESH!5) Peruvian hot chocolate....this was DAMN good!  The drink was thick and very creamy.6) Mango honey crisp taquito.  thinking of the food makes me drool wishing i could have it again.  the service there was EXCELLENT!  waiters clean your table and fill your water before you even have to ask.  they were very attentive and not smothering.BE AWARE though...right when you sit down they ask you if you'd like some edamame.  you think this would be free....but you will later find out that you're being charged for it.  Sushi Samba is a definite must!
1	I'm a sushi purist.  Please no fusion crap.  Very few places can pull off fusion and I'm sorry but you're definitely not in the runnings. Serve me my fish off straight from the waters onto my rice.  Thank you sir, now get outta my way you're blocking my view of the fish I'm going to devour.Huge disappointment, pricey, trendy, and mostly empty and how dare you forget my soy sauce again?  Don't you serve sushi? Doesn't it say that in the name of your restaurant? Even after I pointed it out to one of the servers he jokingly said, "yah and we're a sushi joint, you think we'd have soy sauce."Gimme my freakin soy sauce!
3	Having dined at Sushi Samba in New York and South Beach, we made out way to the Palazzo Casino complex for a tasty dinner of Brazilian/Peruvian and Japanese fusion cuisine. The Las Vegas location is somewhat more showy than its original New York location, but given the competition of flashy restaurant decor in the new Las Vegas, this facility is a little overdone. Graffiti is sprayed about and swirled architectural accents are overly prominent. The sushi is fresh and the entrees inventive, we'll return on a future visit.
5	I went here again with my bf for memorial weekend. WOW!! The food was great. Again, i love this place and i will always stop by here when i come to vegas. We ordered the yellowtail taquitos. If you guys do dine here, you should order this. I just love love it. You won't be disappointed. I don't think you'll be disappointed with their food period. I always get their peruvian corn. I just love it. We also ordered the duck and mushrooms. The last dishes that came at the end was their special that they had for sushi and bobo brazil seared kobe beef. I loved the special (sorry i forgot the name of it) verses the bobo brazil. Again this place is awesome. Thanks for the wonderful food.
3	Went on Friday night. Nice vibe...strangely its a mix of brazillian steakhouse and japanese...the brazillian is much stronger, the sushi was rather pedestrian...the tempura options was pretty good though.  Also got an assortment of Brazillian meats...pricier than it should be...Drinks were good, although the sake sommilier was a bit pretencious (the concept not the actual person)....especially for what essentially is a low end restaurant with overpriced options. the restaurant didn't really have an identity...ok...brazillian-japanese...yeah.  it was a bit odd....the ambiance was pretty damn awesome though...just too forward of concepts that don't go together really....drinks were fine.
4	Dined here twice, once at the sushi bar and once at a table for 4.  Sushi was the only menu items tried.  Nigiri was pretty good, Chu toro sashimi was expensive but good.  Had a couple of rolls which were tasty.  We also tried the Robata grilled caribbean lobster which was also nice.  Had a couple of nice sakes here.  Lots to choose from on the sake menu.We dined on a Tuesday afternoon for a late lunch and a late Wednesday for dinner so the place was never very crowded.  We received good service both times.I liked it and both times were good but I have tried it now and probably will try other places.  It is worth a try.
4	It's not a secret that I'm a huge sushi snob. If it's not super fresh, I'm not happy.This place is fantastic! The decor if fun and funky and so are their drinks. Don't get me wrong, we clearly did not go here for the drinks, but they were a definite added bonus. Try the one with the Guava it will blow your mind. Right when you enter there is a bar that you can sit and drink at or you can get seated and the tables are classy and comfortable. There's a little private party section and a massive alcohol selection. The wait staff were on top of their game and not at all pretentious.I loved that this place is open incredibly late, getting fresh sushi at midnight on a Tuesday was not a problem. Everything we ate was really simple and tasty. The shi-take mushroom skewers were pleasantly surprising and the salmon fell apart in my mouth before I had the chance to chew.  They had a few basic rolls that were normal priced, but overall it was a little pricey. However, it's expected in Vegas and worth every penny.
5	I love sushi...many restaurants (especially asian ones) in Vegas are expensive for unauthentic and unimpressive food-Sushi Samba is not one of them. The sushi was amazing. Who knew you could find fresh fish in the middle of a desert?? But the sashimi was heavenly-VERY fresh, melts in your mouth. The decor/ambiance is great. Service was friendly and cocktails were strong and delicious.I was definitely impressed-check it out!
4	Checked out Sushi Samba for lunch and was impressed. Nice atmosphere, although they claim to play samba music and most of what I heard was definitely not samba (Marvin Gaye?). Service was decent, although our server tended to recommend expensive dishes...don't know if those are the ones that are truly their specialties, if management tries to push those dishes, or if our server was just trying to upsell for a bigger tip. Robata chicken skewer with Peruvian corn was tasty, the tempura green beans with black truffle aioli were bomb, and the spicy tuna rolls and Pacific rolls were very good. I would have liked to see a little more prevalent South American influence, but it's still more unique than your average trendy sushi joint and with good food at reasonable prices.
3	I'm not a sushi purist, I love the fusion crap :)  I would give them 4 stars but they ran out of King crab.  How do you run out of something that makes up the base for many different items/rolls u serve.  We ordered something called the Yamato roll which was pretty good except for the fact that it was $19 for 3 pieces.  It was the only roll that didn't have the standard 5-6 pieces.  For that much money I was expecting much more pop.  I love anything with Foie Gras so I may have liked the Yamato roll more than I should've.  However, if you don't like Foie Gras skip it and get something else.  The Miso Seabass was fantastic just like the waiter described.  What bothers me is that they keep telling you how little the portions are AFTER u order the dish which makes u order it twice or more  if you're with two plus people.  The Miso Seabass was like $16 for ONE skewer.  The food is good but be warned if you want to leave full you will spend a lot of money.  Good thing it was comped thanks to my buddy.PS  The Chef's Sushi/Sashime does not come with straight Sashime.  It was one sushi roll with some Nigiri.
4	The food here is excellent (minus the eggplant robata which was dry and flavorless). But seriously whoever though to fuse brazilian, japanese, and peruvian should be given a nobel prize.The taquitos come straight from heaven.  I mean so much was going on with my tastebuds when i ate them I was just shocked that I could be faced with even more sensory overload, in Vegas of all places! Between the excellent fish, the crispy shell, and the spicy sauce YUM. My only regret is that we didn't get two orders and try the lobster ones too (we got yellowtail).  I only wish the service had been a little better. We felt rushed out and the food came out almost as fast as a mcdonald's drive thru. I personally like to savor my food, especially when its this good.
4	While the sushi was fabulous, it was disconcerting having a very strong grilled meat smell coming from the neighboring table.  There's just something wrong with that.  Otherwise, the experience was wonderful.  Perfect martinis, EXCELLENT salt and pepper squid, loved the green envy roll!  Although it was frenetically busy, service was great.  Hip atmosphere.  Yes pricey, but what do you expect in Las Vegas?
5	There are plenty of sushi restaurants to choose from in Las Vegas, but if you're in the mood for something unique and different, try Sushi Samba.  It looks like a funky nightclub at first glance, but venture inside and you'll find a lively restaurant with an eclectic atmosphere and friendly service.  If you're looking for a quiet, romantic dinner, this probably isn't your place.Start out with a drink.  The sake list is long and distinguished, sure to satisfy even the most discerning sake drinker.  And if sake is not your thing, they have great signature drinks. Try the Yemenja (vodka, ginger liqueur, lemongrass and mint).Time to eat!  You'll discover the menu is just as eclectic as the ambience, fusing Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine.  If you want sushi, they have sushi.  Or if you prefer Brazilian BBQ, they have Churrasco.  But it's the smaller more distinct plates that make this place great.   The miso-glazed seabass skewers are a MUST, served with large kernel Peruvian corn, they're "melt in your mouth" good.  Also, the Samba Strip roll (lobster, mango, peanut curry) will knock your socks off.  One could return to this spot several times and still not try everything on the menu. In fact, I recommend bringing a large group of friends so that you can sample more of the many delights Sushi Samba has to offer.
5	SEA BASS & MISO Robata-styled!!!Celebrated the 20th anniversary of a friend and his wife and we ordered the tasting menu, since it was our first time in a restaurant like this, and we walked out singing the praises of the SEA BASS & MISO Robata styled.The SEA BASS & MISO was presented on a skewer and cooked perfectly.  The Miso was perfect, like nothing I have tasted and the freshness of the Sea Bass was evident.  I almost passed out knowing I have not tasted seafood this good before.The tasting menu was very expensive, but we were celebrating and we were given the guarentee we could send back any dish that we did not like (and we did...only once though).  The cost of the tasting menu was about $60 a person.We were given a good sample of their seviches, sushi wraps, tempura, and desserts.  The quality of the food was top notch.  The service was outstanding.  The food presentation was great.  When I come back, I will be getting a good helping of the SEA BASS & MISO Robata styled and tempura.
5	I've been to SushiSamba 3 or 4 times and have had great experiences each time. The food is excellent (the sea bass is absolutely amazing!) and the service is top notch. The omakase is a great way to try several items and I haven't been disappointed -- with the exception of the mushroom toban-yaki (which was too chewy for my taste). But excluding that dish the food here is so good that it makes this place one of the better restaurants in the city. The whole fusion concept might be a little played out and the Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian mix might seem a little weird but when it comes down to it, the bottom line is that the food here is delicious.
4	We were there with a group of 14 for a company dinner. After calling MANY places in Vegas which required a credit card to hold a reservation for a large party, Sushi Samba came through. Friendly staff, no card needed and seriously no hassles at all. they had at least three servers who looked like they were catering to our table alone, especially one lady who was like our private waitress. Lots of Sake, great sushi, appetizers, stew dishes ect, So much was ordered for the table and I didnt do the ordering, so im sorry I cant remember each individual thing but MAN WAS ALL OF IT GOOD!. One star is for the rest of the restaurant as it has no atmosphere really. I would definately go here with a group. Good food and it didnt make me sick as one review says. We were pleased with out choice.
4	great asian fusion restaurant.  i ate mostly sushi rolls and they all were delicious.  the best was this roll with tuna topped with a little gold leaf and foie gras.  they also had this awesome mushroom appetizer.  the dishes are like asian tapas, small and meant to be consumed in mass quantities.  thus only the 4 star rating as the dishes were extremely small for the price.  i understand that this is a restaurant in vegas, which is going to be overpriced, but it just seemed to be a little over the top for what you were getting.
5	Awesome place!  We were here to celebrate my future Sister-In-Law's bachelorette party and had a great time!  Our waitress gave us free soju shots to kick off our dinner.  After downing our first round, she gave us one last round to continue our celebration!  This place has such a fun vibe and the prices are great!  I had the Sea Bas & Miso Robata Styled.   Affordably priced and great sushi! Plus it's such a fun vibe.  You can't go wrong.
3	Very loud but lots of fun and good/inventive fusion food.  We were a big group and they accomodated us very well.  I think they even turned the music down when they realized how good we were at shouting.  Its dark and trendy, but not uncomfortable.  The food was good but nothing blew me out of the water.  The waitstaff is very helpful and will even order for you if you let them know your budget and what type of things you'd like.
3	Stumbled into here for a late night meal after seeing LOVE at the Mirage and casino hopping on a recommendation from a distant friend. Great bar ambiance, dark, and mysterious. Food was excellent - we ordered three rolls to share amongst four ppl for a few bites around. Our table featured: * Green Envy* Bobo Brazil * and one other...The table was split for favorites between Green Envy and Bobo Brazil! Drinks featured were * trusty Sapporo * house Pinot Grigio - very light and dry* Samba Juice - thank goodness for the dim lighting because it seemed to have been a disgusting color...Sushi was delicious. Music was way too loud. I'd come back for another glass of house wine and a roll before heading out to the clubs, but I wouldn't spend my money here on dinner. Let's not forget that Nevada is land-locked, you shouldn't be paying that much for sushi that isn't SUPER fresh. The results:Price: Expensive for sushi that's not ocean-sideAtmosphere: Good for pre-gaming/snack before the MAIN eventOverall: not too shabby!
3	Service = EXCELLENT!Sake Selection and Quality = EXCELLENT!The food however was disappointing. After hearing rave reviews by not only my fellow Yelpers, we decided to take our friend here for her birthday. The sushi was very standard tasting. I had a few small plates including the Tuna Ceviche which I found dull. For the hype and the prices ($71 each!), my palette was not satisfied. The special roll was good however since it had lobster on it. You can't go wrong with lobster and the sea bass was steamed to perfection. I do think you can skip this one though.
4	I went here for dinner on July 17. I must admit that it was a little overwhelming trying to figure out exactly what to eat but end the end my favorite dishes were the seabass skewers, lobster taquitos, and the Choc Banana dessert. Heck anything would have been in the sauce they used for that Sea Bass dish. YUMMY!  Yes it was a bit pricey, but the food was good. Give it a try.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Sushi Samba.  It was kind of a last choice for our big bachelorette party of 18 girls.  At first I was like... eh, I can try that in NY.  And you're always taking a gamble with Asian Fusion.But, we knew the bride liked sushi and so we eventually caved.Here is the breakdown of my experience at Samba:Decor/atmosphere - dark, swank, very appropriate for the occasion.  They sat our party in the back room where no one else was seated.  That was nice.  We had privacy for the first hour or so of our meal.  The air conditioning was cranked up way too high but they said they turned it down.  I don't think they did.  I damn near lost my toes trying to keep blood flowing to the extremities.Service - friendly, cute staff of slow-talking Brazilian boys.  They're good but something tells me they were hired as eye candy rather than for their perfect waiting skills.  As we sat down they asked if we wanted flat or sparkling water - don't you hate when restaurants do that and trick you into buying overpriced bottled water?  I specifically clarified "tap" after some of the girls said flat and they still brought out about 7 bottles all opened and ready to pretty much pour straight into our throats.  That was my one big complaint of the night.  Oh yeah, and I also asked them to box up some leftovers for us to take, which they never did.Food - surprisingly yummy.  We had a 7-course pre-fixe which included a shrimp appetizer, organic greens salad with carrot-ginger dressing, giant sushi platter, miso sea bass, teriyaki chicken over purple mashed potatoes, beef carpaccio(?), chocolate bread pudding and finally a tres leite (I have no idea what this is but it was delicious). The highlight for me was the sea bass.  Very similar to a miso black cod or butterfish.  I loved the chicken.  Usually, I'm indifferent to teriyaki but it was moist and so unique with the creamy potatoes.  The beef dish was like a beef tataki - very rare (almost raw) and with nice acidity.  Desserts did not disappoint at all - I'd say it was actually a highlight of the meal.Well done, Sushi Samba.  You were way overpriced but I have to admit I enjoyed myself.
5	Went back last week....the seviches and robatas were too good to pass up while I was in town.  We ordered the Rock Shrimp tempura, Sea Bass Miso, and tuna seviche.  Everything was great.  The place was crowded, the crowd was hip and I was in culinary heaven.  If you like seafood fusion, when in Vegas go to Sushisamba.
1	I'm not impressed with the concept or the food. I was here for lunch and the dining room was darker than most other restaurants are for dinner.
5	I'm visiting Vegas for a week and my cousin took me to Sushi Samba for some good food and conversation.I feel like I should preface my review by saying that I'm from Hawaii and seeing Larger than Life Vegas decor is rare to see back home. This is not to say there aren't trendy, cool looking restaurants, it's just to say they aren't found on every block in Hawaii.First of all, I dug the atmosphere. Really mellow, a restaurant that looks part modern art gallery, part restaurant, and part trendy graffiti hangout. The food was really delicious and I wish I could remember the names of everything I ate. I'm not a big fish person, but I had this miso sea bass and it was sooo good. Just the right amount of flavoring and no fishy taste (which I don't like when eating fish). I also had a butter garlic scallop that just melted in my mouth. The service was superb, the manager introduced himself and made sure we had a great time, and the food was delicious.We definitely need something like this back in Hawaii. Would definitely go back again.
3	Everything was excellent here, except for the sashimi fishes. The quality is poor and wasn't too fresh. Very pricey place.Ordered:Churrasco: Rio Grande five meats: The grilled hanger steak and ribeye was the best!!! Get medium rare - A must to get!!!Sashimi combo: wasn't all that great, fishes were badRolls: Between $15-20 - Overall nothing spectacular or interesting besides their sauces.Rainbow Dragon roll: it was okayCapoeira Roll: This one was pretty good, but typical softshell crab with avocadoYamato tuna: tasted like regular tuna roll...
5	absolutely loved my experience at Sushi Samba (or maybe it was just b/c of the cocktail tree we ordered haha) - everything from the service to the food was spot on for our meal. i had been to the SushiSamba in NYC before and the vegas restaurant has a totally different vibe - it's darker, louder with a party atmosphere but i guess that's not surprise since it is vegas and all haha our server, Matt was awesome! he thoroughly explained everything on the menu to us and when we asked him for recommendations, he did not disappoint! everything that he told us to order, we loved haha (i.e. cucumber specialty drink, Chilean sea bass, kobe beef taquitos). Matt was super knowledgeable, efficient, and friendly. he even offered to get us into some clubs that night b/c he was heading out to some places after work! haha on to the food and drink...5 girls + 1 cocktail tree = trouble haha. the cocktail tree comes with a total of 15 oversized shots of specialty drinks. we chose 3 different flavors - a mango/rum, cucumber/vodka, and soju mix. all 3 were def really good and even though it doesnt taste like much alcohol, it totally sneaks up on you haha. for my dinner, i ordered 2 rolls - the maya (their version of a CA roll) and the capoiera (their version of a soft shell crab roll) - both were yummy and it was just enough food to leave me satisfied but not overly full. yes this place is more on the expensive side, but it's vegas...what else do you expect. my portion alone was $50 but i didnt mind paying so much since the food was delicious, service was impeccable, and the atmosphere was super fun! oh and not to mention that we were able to get our desserts comped (coconut soup and chocolate banana cake were both yummy) :)
4	Yum yum, gimme some.
5	I been wanting to try this since I had heard of it in Miami. I love the fusion idea. All I have to say is miso marinated chilaen sea bass, YUMM. It comes with a Peruvian corn which is interesting. The rolls are not typical japanese rolls because of the blend of Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine. The last time we were here, we had the seafood paella which was surprisingly pretty good. The civiche's were ok also. Good food but a little pricey, and trendy ambiance.
5	Our waiter made a really good point that many people believe your restaurant is a traditional Japanese restaurant if you have sushi in the name. However, this place certainly did not disappoint.So this location is a mix of Chilean, Brazilian, and Japanese tastes. It certainly was unique. The environment is vibrant and alive. I felt that it really complimented their fusion style really well. They had flat screen TVs and projectors everywhere, showing pleasant scenery or traditional acts. I was just amazed by their design and color throughout the restaurant. Their decor was also very compatible with their theme. The look was sharp and inviting at the same time.The food was great. I tried the BoBo Brazil Roll. I tried this because I wanted to experience their unique tastes, and it certainly brought the restaurant's fusion tastes together. It had seared kobe beef and red onions on top of what I think was an avocado roll with kaiware, and some other ingredients. It cost $17; the taste was awesome, but we could not decide whether or not it was worth the full $17. Other items we ordered included a pork belly ramen, a ribeye bento box, and a terriyaki chicken bento box. These were generic dishes, but they turned out great.  The restaurant serves dishes in appetizer or small portions. Do not expect a large portion when ordering an entree. This restaurant is more for people who want to shell out a little bit of cash to enjoy something unique. Four of us ordered a total of 6 items and then mochi ice cream for desert. The service was really on top of everything. Our waiter knew the menu and was able to tell us what was in every item we asked, and told us what to expect from the restaurant's style of cooking. He came around periodically to make sure everything was okay, and just did a perfect job.I would definitely recommend people to try this place at least once. It is a little on the pricey end, but it is worth the quality of food that you receive.
4	Sushi Samba was the perfect spot to fill up on tasty food after a quick shopping spree at The Shoppes at The Palazzo with my fashionista girlfriend. We went straight for the $16 Chilean seabass bento box, which was the best deal on the lunch menu. It came with miso soup, field green salad, tuna roll and oshinko pickles. The three skewers of miso glazed seabass, along with all the sides, was a nice amount of food (though could've been a little small for a big appetite), but I seriously could have eaten three more skewers. The seabass was amazing! That miso marinade was to die for. I suppose I could've gotten the entree portion, but for lunch, it was perfect. Plus, $29 is a bit much to spend on a lunch entree. There were six tuna rolls, so that also made the bento filling.The funky decor was really cool, and reminded me a little of Blowfish in the bay area -- but much bigger and with Latin influences intertwined. The staff was awesome, and the food came out quick. We were in and out in a flash, and back to the pool before our guys even missed us.
4	What a great dinner to end the weekend!!!Came here for a bachelorette party dinner and we did the tasting menu for about $75 per person with tax and tip in the end.  The tasting menu allowed us to try a variety of dishes but a lot of them too!  So much that in the end, I was too full to finish my portion!I thought the service here was more than awesome! Before they started to bring out the food, they went around to ask about people's allergies and who doesn't like sushi and things like that.  After getting it all down, they proceeded to bring out food.  If they were to bring out something that had something that someone was allergic to, then that person would get a substituted dish!  I thought that was pretty awesome!We got so many that I can't remember them all but I'll list out the ones I do remember!Tuna tartar -delish!scallops - double delish!sashimi - delish delish!sea bass - the best of the night! delish delish delisssh!tacos - spicy!!steak filet - it was ook, a bit on the dry side for my tasteperuvian corn - this was pretty interesting!gyoza - very big and delish pieces!vegetable rolls - the sesame dipping sauce was pretty good!i'm sure there were more but i wasn't disappointed with any! everything was good!  the dessert i could have passed on, it was fondue. i think i'm not such a big fan of fondue! but i would definitely come here again!
5	So we are in Vegas and looking for a Sushi fix. Granted, I am not a big fan of things "fusion" but this place made me a believer.Amazing and delectable cuisine at the Palazzo in Vegas. This sushi is a fusion of Asian, Peruvian and simply deliciousness.They have this thing with sauces that you dunk some of your sushi in which is simply out of this world.The service and attention to detail is simply impeccable and worth every penny.If you do not like crowds and long long waits, go during lunch when it is quiet.The decor is really nice and inviting. Cozy, even romantic. Definitely try the tasting menu. Somewhat dressy.Will be back fo' sure!
4	I've never seen a kids menu available at a Japanese or Asian fusion restaurant. The little boy dining near us was given one of those training chopsticks that are screwed together and all you have to do is pinch...or maybe it was his own...unsure. Haha. The ambiance was just lovely. While my fellow diner and I waited for our order, we gazed the room and talked about it for a good 10 minutes. The server was very friendly-all smiles- and she described all the dishes we had questions about and gave us great recommendations. We ordered:seviches and tiraditos (4 assortments for $35, good deal)      -jumbo shrimp =very fruity, didnt mix with the salty items, but good      -kanpachi = a very anomalous taste, you'd either hate or love it      - yellowtail tiradito = yellowtail is alwayys yumm      - yellowtail seviche = recommended along with ^we ordered three samba rolls1) samba strip roll (maine lobster) = good amount of lobster and was yummy.2) Bobo Brazil (seared kobe beef) = was pretty good3) Pacific (crab) = mediocreThis place is a little pricey, but you can't get these rolls elsewhere can you? Idk, you try and tell me.
5	This place ROCKS! Located at the Palazzo, the place meets Vegas expectations- EXTREME.  The decor was fancy, the waitresses/hostess- HOT. Here is what i ordered:Miso Encrusted Sea-bass robata; Duck robata; Hamachi jalapeno and lemon grass; Tuna Tataki; Hamachi ceviche     Of Everything, the Sea-bass was THE BEST- Hands down. Probably the best I've ever had.  The waiter happened to recommend the sea-bass over the scallops for taste & portion size. Good call on his part, showing me that the staff is educated and willing to make suggestions.  The Hamachi and lemon grass was great.  Tuna Tataki- was OK, not great, not bad, The Hamachi Ceviche was tasty as well.      Friends suggested the Peruvian Plate- enough for two, but i was too interested in the menu selection to choose otherwise. He DID goto SushiSamba a bit after me, and ordered it again, so it must be worthwhile.     Overall it was a GREAT dining experience. I will DEFINITELY be back for more. I will probably make this a staple for dining everytime i head back to Las Vegas.
4	This place is HOT! Soooo crowded during the dinner rush hours. The Salt & Pepper Squid was out of this wold. If you have a large group probably better to have a late dinner here. I definitely recommend this restaurant especially if you like being around a lot of hot people.
5	Talk about an amazing dinner!!  I was taken to Sushisamba by my gf's for my bachelorette weekend in Vegas and Sushisamba lived up to all of the rave reviews.  Our table was perfectly located near the front so we could 'see and be seen'  The atmosphere of the bar and restaurant was VERY lively (Labor Day wknd Saturday night) but we felt like they gave us very personalized attention every step of the way. Our waiter , Matt, was a ROCKSTAR!  He dealt with all of the crazy $h!t we kept saying and doing to him with total grace.  Also, he let us mention our pricepoint per person as well as any culinary likes/dislikes/restrictions and we let him create a tasting menu for us.  Here's what we got for $40/person (that's right...40.  Crazy)Yellowtail ceviche taquitos- very tastyTuna sashimiyellowtail sashimiking crab legs- always a hitspicy tuna roll + shrimp tempura roll + tuna/avocado rollMeat sampler platter w/ hanger steak + grilled porksides of collard greens and peruvian cornmiso glazed seabass skewers- AMAZINGAnd did I mention he also hooked us up with several rounds of amazing shots??  He even made sure they had non-alcoholic shots made for the girl in our group who couldn't drink...very accomidating. I would definately go back there for the food and service.  A wonderful place to dine in a city full of great restaurants.
4	My friend and I stayed at the Palazzo during our last trip to LV.  After shopping we decided to stop at Sushi Samba on our way back to our room.  It was a great decision!  We sat at the bar, took some advice from our friendly bartender, and really enjoyed the food and our evening.  Will definitely stop by again on my next trip but go easier on the vodka and soda, oye!
3	So we had a fabulous room in the Palazzo and needed to have a fabulous dinner to go with it.  We were dying to go back to Bobby Flay's Mesa grill in Cesar's, but when I saw that our own very hotel had a fusion restaurant, marrying Japanese, Brazilian, AND Peruvian flavors, I knew we had to take our money there.  My daughter's part Peruvian, and she never gets to experience the cuisine.  Plus she loves sushi...well, vegetable sushi to be exact.  As soon as we arrived, I was feeling the service and the decor....nice hostess seated us right away and an informative waitress gave us the rundown of the menu.  I had plenty of time after ordering to scope the murals (fat tip usage in a restaurant?  oh yea!).  The children's menu also impressed me.  It was a cute menu of that collabed with an artist to give a percentage of each bento box to charity.  Wow!  My kid ordered the sliders and switched out sweet potato fries for Peruvian corn (corn on steriods, as the waitress called it).  We weren't extremely hungry, or in the need for a drink, so we ordered light:teriyaki chicken skewersmiso soupavocado rollsprawn tempuramore Peruvian cornplantainswhite rice As you can see, we didn't order any of the restaurant specialties, but what we did get was delicious and filling.  However, as you probably already figured out, this place is $$$!  The miso soup was $6 and no different than the free soup we get at our fave sushi spot back home, and the white rice was.......$5!  WTF!  $5 for "Japanese" style rice?  Just because you put sesame seeds on top does not make it $5 (we are Filipino and require white rice with our protein always.)  Oh well, that was the most disappointing part of the dinner.  The most impressive part of our dinner was the kids bento box.  I wish they had bento boxes for adults because that's what I always order at a Japanese joint.  Her sliders were the smallest sliders I have ever seen, but they were oh-so-cute and worked for a child.  They came with seasonal fruit, which was like 2 blueberries and half of a strawberry, and the Peruvian corn was soooo good!  My daughter ended up skewing up some on the toothpicks from the fruit (Sushi Samba, if you use that on the menu, please credit Jada).  Plus, the box came with the cutest dessert ever...a tiny smoothie with Pop Rocks on top and a little brownie ice cream sundae.  Once again, so small and petite but it worked for her!I'm not sure if I would be excited to go back again, as I still am to go to Mesa, but if I do I might give the drinks a try.  After reading many of these reviews, I realize I have missed out on some great sushi specialties and drinks (and a trip to the fancy bathroom!).-Tiph
5	Don't leave Vegas without first trying Sushi Samba! I've been to the ones in New York, but this one is much better!Every experience I've had there so far has been nothing less than amazing! The hostesses can be a bit snobby, but the managers and the wait staff will make up for it. My first experience there was about a year ago. Henry was our server and I've made sure to request him every time I've been back since! He's friendly, always with a smile on his face, and makes sure you get the service you deserve. The decor creates the perfect atmosphere, that can be both great for a romantic date, or a night out with the girls! Don't forget to try their strawberry martini!
3	I wasn't entirely impressed but my boyfriend and his cousins kept raving about this place and how good it was so I decided to try it.  I ended up having the pork ramen which to me the broth was pretty bland.  For $18 i expect something a bit more spectacular but it wasn't...the pork was pretty good though!  My boyfriend let me try his kobe beef that was in his bento box and that was okay too.  We ordered a side of fries which never came -booooo!!!  Maybe the next time I'm in town, I'll give it another try and hopefully it will be better but this time it was just "A-OK"
5	I LOVE this restaurant!  We must have ordered 9 or 10 dishes, from all over the menu (it is a big menu).  The kitchen pumped them out in nice timing, each one was better then the rest.  Sake was great, service was great.  It is now my favorite restaurant in LV.
5	We want one of these in San Francisco. The food was excellent, the service was awesome, and the drinks were pretty damn good too. We did what many have mentioned doing and had our server create a tasting menu of her favorite dishes. She chose for us,Tuna Taco'sFilet Mignon with mushrooms in a savory coconut sauceSeabass Skewers with peruvian cornYellowtail Sashimi with lemongrass Spicy Tuna and Tempura Shrimp rolls
2	I couldnt tell you if the fish was fresh or not because its covered in sauce.  When you try omakase (where they pick what they make for you) they give you four things at once so if you dont like something, you try one of the other things and forget about not liking the first thing that you tried.sushi for the masses
3	i used to go here on sundays for feijoada, they made a really good feijoada, i was here last about a month ago and was devastated to find out that they no longer have feijoada... how can a place that is supposed to have brazilian food, not have feijoada, the national dish? at least they still made me a caipirinha.
3	Came here for lunch a few weeks ago.  This place is nice inside and has good atmosphere.  Price wise its high even for Vegas standards.  Food was good but, not great and not the best sushi I've had in Vegas.Service was good but, not great.  Like I said the atmosphere is great here and loved the inside of the place.  Kind of dark inside though.There was 3 of us for lunch.  We started out with Tiger Shrimp and Japanese Vegetables tempura, Seaweed Salad, and Yellowtail.  OK starting with the Tempura for 14.00 there was nothing here.  Very unimpressed as this was not even enough to share with 2 people.  Seaweed Salad was not good at all.  We just had Khotan two nights before and they had the best Seaweed Salad I've had yet.  Anyways, hijiki, aka-tosaka, goma wakame, wakame, tomato caviar, lemon is what came in the Seaweed Salad it was very weak and lacked taste.   As, for the Yellowtail it was very good and the sauce it came with was great.  Most of my rating comes from this and this alone.  As for lunch itself I got the Samba Sushi chef's inspiration sushi assortments and it was good but, nothing great and for 26.00 it should be great.  Anyways we split up everything and I paid for the Tempura and Sushi and it came to 51.02 for lunch with tip.The place is nice and food was OK but, would skip for other Sushi options on and off the strip.
3	I hate being a dissenter but...It was only okay. The food was all right although the service was fantastic and the dessert was really great. I just thought the sushi was overdone. Too many things in it so it was hard to identify a single defining flavor. I would definitely return for drinks and maybe if I order the simpler sushi.
2	I'd like an order of pretension please, overpriced with a side of sushi.That is my conclusion after eating at this middling-in-everything-but-the-cost restaurant. Some of the low points:- $6 tea. TEA! You know, the stuff you drop leaves in water to make?- $6 Edamame. Were they able to pontificate about the glories of Socrates vs. Plato? No? Well for that price they should have been.The rolls were reasonable but after BC nothing compared to Tentatsu. Look it up. Avoid this restaurant unless you want to drop your cash.
4	I've eaten here several times and it was consistant. The food was good ( just don't order the beef dish because the steak was very tough). The pork belly ramen is really good, although it was quiet expensive for such a small bowl. The tuna appetizer was yummy and the sush qaulity is goodI have peruvian corn for the first time here and not sure if I liked it ( it tasted like potatoes) but I liked that they had a good mix on thier menu, It was a peruvian, bazillian japanese fusion.the service is super slow but at least the music is good as you wait.
3	This place should change their name to Samba Sushi because sushi is definitely the secondary focus of their menu. I ordered the classics: Spicy Tuna and Salmon Avocado. How can you mess that up? The sushi was fresh but absolutely flavorless with no kick. Also, for some reason, their wasabi was diluted in intensity as well. I mean, I know you have to focus on two different types of foods thar originated on 2 different continents but I've been to Japanese/Portuguese fusion restaurants in Brazil and they get it on point! Word of advice to the chef/owner: Take a trip to Brazil and learn how the pros get it done.
1	Apryl and I were looking for some sushi. We had made our way to the Canal Shoppes at the Venetian and were browsing the directory for sushi places when we were approached by an employee. We told him what we were looking for and he quickly suggested Samba Sushi, adding that "it's the best sushi on the Strip!"... After walking nearly a mile, we found Sushi Samba. The decor looked interesting and it had a great vibe. We each ordered a special roll and split another spicy tuna roll. After waiting 20 minutes, three small, thin, very weird looking rolls arrived to our table. I will spare you the details of how Apryl and I managed to get these things down, but it was not easy. Hands down, the worst sushi I've ever had the trouble of putting in my mouth. The idea and creativity of the roll sounds better on the menu than it looks, and far better than it actually tastes. Flavorless and lacking any kind of texture. Save yourself $50... Buy a can of tuna and leave it in your hotel room for a day or two... It'll taste the same.
4	I Love SUSHI... This place is the best sushi I have ever had...But soo expensive.We ordered 3 Oysters, 1 tiger shrimp tempura, 3 sushi rolls and 1 alcoholic beverage= $130The oysters we very fresh.The 3 sushi rolls, had very good taste and texture. best sushi Ive had, they all had different taste to them, not like other sushi rolls where they taste similar too eachother.I would go back, just for their sushi rolls, BOMB ...
4	it's an interesting joint because it's a fusion of japanese, brazilian, and peruvian food. the food is really different and delicious. it is a bit pricy, but well worth it. where else will you be able to eat a meal with these many different elements. every bite is exciting and everything i ordered on the menu is great. the sashimi is great also.
5	Who: Myself and Co-Workers (5 of us total)What: Amazing Japanese + Brazilian Food.When: Resos at 8 PM. Why: At a conference in Vegas, SushiSamba was AMAZING! From my drink- a margarita with a Jalapeno floating in it to the Carrot Cake. Highly recommend this place. Booked our resos on Opentable and had no problem setaing us. Dinner was serverd super fast. I HIGHLT recommend the Toro Roll and make sure you ask for extra green salsa to dip it in!
1	i will never eat here again unless i get comped and i am desperate for sushi... way over priced... you kno i don't mind spending money on food, especially sushi, but this place has the smallest portions anywhere i kno.i ate at the bar, maybe i need to try table service but for now i hate it!
4	It's been a week since I was in Vegas and ate at Sushi Samba... and I think I've thought about it at least once a day since then...This place is great for groups.  I was with a group of 8 and we were in party mode.  The ambiance added to it... I would say that it has sort of a loungey/clubby atmosphere, but dress is casual.Our waiter was awesome.  I wish I could remember his name.  We basically told him what we liked and didn't like and he created our menu for us.  We had so many different plates that I can't remember them all.  We had a lot of sashimi, a lot of rolls, and some in-betweens.  The ones that stick out in my mind are the Yellowtail Seviche Taquitos and the Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass... DELISH.  They also served us these raw, semi-thin slices of Kobe beef with a bunch of different sauces and spices that we could dip it in before searing it on a hot rock!We also had a few bottles of expensive sake and were taking shots all throughout dinner...  KUNG PAO!With all that said, there are two reasons I didn't give Sushi Samba 5 stars.  The quality of most of the fishes was good, but not great.  This was more evident in the sashimi-style dishes.  Also, the pricing is a bit steep.  Our meal ended up being about $200 per person.  While it was really good and the service was great, I didn't feel like I had a dinner that equated to that much money.
4	was staying at the Palazzo and kept passing by Sushi Samba.  we came one night when it was fairly busy, and was trying to decide if we wanted to eat here.  we asked the hostess if we could see a menu.  she said yes and went to attend to her other duties.  after about 5 minutes of her ignoring us we left, annoyed.  the menus are right behind the front desk.we walked by again during the day time, when it was mostly empty and decided to have lunch.  my girlfriend and i shared the ribeye teriyaki bento box ($18) and the el topo roll ($14).  the el topo roll had cheese, jalepenos and salmon which doesnt sound like it would go together, but was amazingly good.  the ribeye steak in the bento box was a generous portion for lunch.  over all, i would go to sushi samba again, as i have seen it in miami, chicago and new york.  im excited to try the rest of their specialty rolls
5	I've eaten here twice.  Both times were excellent.  I like the 3 meat platter where you get to try different meats with different sauces.  We had both beef and pork.  Very big portion and filling.  Other favorites are seabass anticucho, lobster roll, oysters on the half shell, and the sambatini!  yum yum.
5	Went to Sushi Samba last night for dinner with eight people and absolutely loved the restaurant.  The decor was very Peruvian and exotic than your normal Sushi titled restaurant.   One thing is for sure though, the sushi is AMAZING.  Had the El Topo roll and some of the sushi sampler platter.... both the warm El Topo and the cold sampler platter were of the finest grade sushi I've ever tasted.  I would have to saw the overall food quality was everything I expected from the Palazzo.  The plates are more tapas styled with the Lobster tacos and Apps being very tiny in size but gargantuan in flavor.  I would recommend that if you go with a large appetite to look on the menu for the "large plates" section lol.... the 3-meat and 5-meat for $40 and $60 respectfully will be filling enough for 2 people and not break the bank if your on a budget... don't sleep on the sushi rolls and bring your own Sake and have them cork it.... Sake prices in the restaurant are silly.
4	i love sushi samba! the rolls are amazing...this time i tried the neo tokyo roll and the el topo roll. i also finally got to try the crispy yellowtail taquitos. like i said before it's a bit pricy, but worth it. however i would say a 3.5 star rating this time because our service wasn't as great as the past few times i've been here. he forgot our appetizer, the rolls took forever, and he forgot to refill our drinks. the worst part about it we went when it wasn't busy at all...maybe it was the fact that there was a table next to us spending a lot of $$$$ because he was going to their table non-stop and their food came out faster than ours...even though we ordered 10 mins before they did :[
5	It is time for me to write my review for SushiSamba after all the times I have been to this location. The ambiance in the Strip branch is pretty nice. You don't get to mingle with a crowd of people like in their Dromo (Miami) location but you still get to have a hell of a dining experience. The dining room is pretty dark almost like a nightclub, the music is loud and the drinks are strong. So all in all, this is a supper club.Otsumami is a must to have as a starter. The trio of shishito peppers, green bean tempura and edamame is the perfect way to start over a round of caipirinhas.After this you can do a round of robata. Filet mignon, lamb chop, chicken, eggplant and seabass, they're all great and some of them come with the huge Peruvian corns which are so tasty.As for the main course, I have tried their sea bass entree which I loved until I had the Moqueca. The Moqueca is simply the best seafood stew I have ever had in my whole life. It is a medley of shrimp, squid, sea bass and crayfish cooked in a pot with coconut milk and cashews.Top this with more caipirinhas and maybe a couple of their desserts from their expansive dessert menu and you'll have yourself a great dinner right before you head into an endless Vegas night... You'll have a great dinner in a great ambiance with great music and on top of it you'll have a little bit of a buzz...
4	Wow! I'll start off with that. This place was very good and the dining experience here was great.  A buddy and I sat at the sushi bar, the lady brought us over the menu, we browse it, deciding what to get and really couldn't decide.  The server stops by and explains some items and then also mentions we have the chef's choice (omakase) and we hesitate for a minute and sure, we'll take two.The first course was string beans tempura, boring right?  No, the truffle aioli sauce that came with this was amazing.  I can't even explain the taste, it was really good.  You can drink it with a straw.  The second course pork gyoza, sitting on a squash puree of some sort, I want to say butternut squash or something similar.  These were OK, nothing special.  The rock shrimp tempura was delicious, nice spicy mayo sauce on top.  And the last component was a yellowtail taquito.  I liked these and it was served with a spicy sriracha sauce of some sort.Third course was meat heaven.  Grilled pork tenderloin, hanger steak, and ribeye.  Woo-wee!  I have to say though, some of the ribeye was a little charred, particularly the end pieces, but the middle was done right, medium-rare.  The hanger steak was good, tender and chunks of fat, good stuff.  The pork loin was awesome.  This dish is served with three sauces, two types of chimichurri and some peruvian pepper puree sauce that was unreal!  The pork fit so perfectly with this sauce, so recommended for anyone.  The chimichurri was so-so, not so great, but still good.The last course consisted of rolls.  They have a special spicy yellowtail tuna roll with tempura flakes, but I thought this was OK, I've had better.  Then a simple salmon and avocado and eel and avocado.  I've had the eel/avocado mixture many times, but I must say this is the best I've had.  The typical black sauce that's topped on was really good.  It had a sweet taste to it and all the flavors meshed oh so well.  Good stuff.My companion was done as we had so much food.  I decided to take a dive and get some dessert.  It was a chocolate, white chocolate pudding/custard type consistency and some crushed chocolate granola on the bottom.  It was OK, not that good.Overall, great spot and recommended.  The chef's choice isn't as steep as all vs Nobu and Morimoto's (where I've had both).  You get the "fusion-ness" from the Peruvian and Brazilian influence.  Luckily there's a few on the east coast in NYC, so I don't have to travel as far.
5	The sushi was creative and the fish was dam fresh. I have to say I got the best uni I have ever had, so good. Our waitress was top of the line. Cute, engaging, prompt and knowledgeable. I would recommend this place to anyone.The only down side was it was a little loud.
5	Every year I go to Miami for Winter Music Conference I have been lured to go eat at Sushi Samba over on Lincoln but I have never had the chance to eat there. Not sure why. Maybe it always seemed to packed and I didn't want to wait. I know now that I missed out on some damn good meals.Right before Thanksgiving my wife and my father in law traveled over to Las Vegas for a few nights. As we walked into the Venetian Hotel I saw a billboard for Sushi Samba at the adjoining hotel, The Palazzo and I knew then where we were going for dinner. We went up to our room, freshened up and headed out.We were quickly seated (it was a Sunday Night and the place was half full) and placed some drink orders. My wife had one of the specialty drinks which was quite good and I had some Nigiri Sake. We started off with the Otsumami appetizer which came with Edamame, Shishito Peppers and Green Bean Tempura with Black Truffle Aioli. All 3 were excellent but we found ourselves fighting over the Green Beans and that yummy Aioli. Next up was a mixture of Ceviches and Tiraditos. We tried 4 all together with both Salmon and Yellowtail. Amazing flavor. The Yellowtail Ceviche Taquitos were also amazing. I could eat those all day. We also had a couple of things from the Robata grill. The stand out was the Miso Glazed Sea Bass. It was incredible. So tasty. It was the best Sea Bass I have ever had. Period! The Peruvian corn that came with it also was quite tasty.The waitress recommended the Mushroom Toban-Yaki with some grilled duck from the Robata grill. It was so intense and earthy. I definitely got use of those umami tastebuds with this dish. Loved every bit. After all that, we saved room for 2 speciality sushi rolls, The Samba Strip Roll and the Neo Tokyo Roll. Both were amazing and filled with different flavors. All in all one of the best meais I have had in a while and I have had some amazing meals recently. If in Vegas, you owe yourself. DO IT.
4	Like the unique sushi and brazillian food. Got there super packed but didn't wait for table since we had hookups. Best sake and great service
3	Yum, that's all I can really say. Japanese-Peruvian fusion with a raw bar menu, for me this is just a little piece of heaven. I've been a few times now and the food has been consistently good, the menu is nicely varied, and the service is decent too. Even on a busy night I've never felt rushed. The servers are pretty helpful figuring out how much to order and don't try to oversell to make more $$$ which I've found to be common in other tapas style places.The reason for only 3 stars is that the sushi is just average. Really, I'd like to give a 3.5, if that could be done as there are a lot of other things to choose from. If you give this place a try, stick with the fusion dishes or small plates. Save your sushi cravings for somewhere else. Definitely try the miso glazed sea bass skewers though; it's like crack.
4	great food. good ambiance. restaurant quite open and lacks privacy. music a touch loud.  I like the small portions so you can sample several different things and you wind up with quite an eclectic meal. but the food....yummmmmm...the Kobe beef appetizer was good. thinly sliced beef, marinated I think. so tasty.had the samba roll (sushi) or something like that. was fair. the sea bass.....melted in my mouth...and the Peruvian corn??  I coulda eaten 5 ears' worth....dessert was the banana chocolate amazingness (not the real name :-P). the sea bass and the dessert were recommended by our server. and he was spot-on. so good. we left feeling amazingly sated yet not overly stuffed. the drinks were pretty good too. will go again, for sure.
3	This place has some unique flavors going on.  To be totally fair we only tried the appetizers.  The one that stood out in my mind was the duck confit tacos.  Our server was very helpful and attentive.  I think its a must try if you're looking for a quick late night sushi spot for light food.  Much better than the location that closed in Dallas....
2	The Sushi Samba in Miami is much better than the LV location all because of the quality of the fish.Sushi Samba Las Vegas had the WORST fish for their taradito. We had the combination platter and the fish was FISHY and TOUGH. We also paid $12 a piece for their Toro (fatty tuna) and it was so tough we needed a knife to cut it. The strings of fat in the tuna were like steak gristle - gross! Our Kampachi was also extremely tough. When we asked our waiter about it, he said it was supposed to be like that? NO WAY!Their miso sea bass was really really good but after eating tough fishy fish, my appetite was gone.I know Vegas is far from the ocean, but come on!!! Don't charge $12 a piece for Toro and then insist that you aren't supposed to be able to cut it with a butter knife.Will stick to the Miami location! Much more lively, bright and yummy.
5	After having waited 40 minutes for our food at Zine and walking out annoyed and with empty bellies, we were not easy to please.  (In stark contrast to the 'I am not sure what was going on' at Zine) Everything went super professionally at Sushi Samba from the the time we arrived till the time we left.  They must train or only select top quality people to work here.  The genuine smile of the hostess while seating us put us at ease.  The response to our cries of hunger were quickly met with concern and efficiency by our wonderful waitress.  Most of our orders came within like two minutes of ordering them.  I am talking whole sushi rolls that were perfectly made... amazing!!   You do pay for it but I found the quality of everything from the service to the food to be of very high quality.  We had mostly sushi and finished the meal with some beautifully presented mochi covered ice cream which I highly recommend.
3	Fusion cuisine - Japanese and Brazilian mix - which I, personally, am not particularly fond of. The food there is relatively cheap as compared to some of the other sushi places in Vegas however be prepared to shell out a lot for the quality ingredients.First off, the Kobe (A5 grade) although very good, was not as good as the one I had at Shibuya. Most notable was the Kobe on the rock. (Feel free to skip the Kobe on a platter of mushrooms as it was on okay and not really worth the money as the Kobe was a lot more well done). Moreover the sashimi Kobe was a little to this for my tastes and not as lean as I would have liked. As for the fish you can't go wrong with the Otoro or Yellowtail. As for the rolls the Yamato was decent/normal, same with the Neo Tokyo, nothing really special (ie. skippable). The service was extremely good as our water cups rarely ran low and the manager was very helpful in getting the bill comped. All in it wasn't too bad of a restaurant however it is unlikely one that I would pay for especially with the number of other foods in Vegas.
3	Sushi Samba was a fun but hectic experience, and the food was good.  It was very crowded on a Friday night, to be expected.  We called ahead but when we got there they said it would still be a very long wait so we decided to sit at the sushi bar.  The waiter was very nice and helpful with recommendations when we asked, but he was just swamped.  We ordered several small plates and they all came right in a row so that we didn't have much space and felt rushed to eat.  Our drinks (which we ordered first) didn't arrive until we were almost finished with our meal.  The mint julep was one of the worst I've ever had, but the other drink we got was fine so maybe that was just a one time thing on the mint julep.  Also our order got a little mixed up, we ordered two sushi items and when they brought it out one was correct and one was wrong.  But it looked good and the place was kind of hectic as I said, so we decided to keep it.Now to the food: some dishes are really delicious.  I would recommend the Kobe beef carpaccio with mushrooms, it was a really nice combination of flavors.  And the duck skewers were cooked perfectly and came with a sauce underneath that was yummy but didn't overwhelm the duck.  The sushi items were fine but not special.  The edamame was really good, but that's hard to screw up so I can't really give them points for that.  The decor was exciting and fun, plus points for that.
4	Sushi Samba is an interesting fusion restaurant that meshes Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian cuisines together. The food is good but not great. The decor is very cool and modern. The value is not that great consider most Brazilian and Peruvian cuisines are fairly inexpensive and the menu is not dominated by Japanese food. This place is good for a sensual experience or hot date oppose to a gluttony fest.
1	We got there around 6:30pm just in time for happy hour and the bar was still pretty packed. We waited a couple of minutes till there were 2 seats available. We really shouldn't have bothered to wait...We asked the bartender for happy hour menus and then we ordered a mojito and a caipirinha. My friend loves mojitos, I don't care for them. He said these were the worse he's ever had. The mojito was slightly better than the caipirinha, but not by much. It practically tasted the same. We also ordered the Berry Smash and the Samba Juice which actually looked and tasted quite similar except that the Berry Smash has no alcohol! None of these drinks were very strong, nor tasted good. For around $12-$15 a drink, it really should've be made by a professional. We went to Craftsteak the night before and the drinks there were fantastic. The bartenders @ Sushi Samba are pretty, but they don't know how to make a decent cocktail. However, it's not all their fault since they were using mostly mixers and not premium alcohol/fresh ingredients unlike other upscale bars/restaurants. We also had some apps with our drinks. Apps: Spicy Tuna Roll, Yellowtail Seviche and Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos. For a Friday night, their sushi was clearly not very fresh. The spicy tuna was okay, the spicy sauce that was placed on top instead of mixed with the tuna hid whatever flavor the tuna had. I didn't like the yellowtail seviche, but my friend thought it was okay. I thought it was too bitter from the lime. The worse thing out of this whole experience were the yellowtail taquitos. The fish tasted spoiled. My friend was sick all night. It could've been the ridiculous amount of alcohol we consumed that night since we went to Dos Caminos later that night, but my friend says it was definitely the yellowtail taquitos... The drinks at Dos Caminos are so much better than Sushi Samba's... the mojitos are strong and freshly made and the glasses are 2x the size :P
1	So this was my 2nd time there. And now my stars were cut in half-Food was phenomenal the first time I was there  (July 2009) We did the omokase style dining and my hubs and I were simply enchanted with the whole visit.  We were raving about the food, the service, the ambience- it was great!  But my 2nd time there was horrible.Here's a summary (on a scale of 5)Wait staff- 3Food quality- 5Wait time- 0Management- 0We had a party of 12 and were there for a total of 4 hours.  The wait staf was nice (Issaac) but I guess too overwhelmed to be attentive. (Even though they did charge the 20% gratuity)Food was delicious but SUPER slow.  I have no idea what was going on with the cooks, but management should've taken some responsibility and put us at ease somewhere between the 4 hours of our visit.Our waiter brought us a round of shots to make up for the wait I suppose.  Nice, but NOT nice to have it thrown in your face as if a favor was made. The manager did this???We were brought a total of 3 different checks because they kept screwing up.  This made us doubt that they were being fair in the way they were charging us- and we were right.  There were items on the bill that were not brought to our table. SHAME ON U!We tried to relay our disatisfaction to "Brian" one of the managers, but he came at us with a complete bad attitude.  He ASSUMED that we were trying to get a free meal, when all we really wanted was for him to take some responsibility and admit that they SUCKED!I might return- but probably not with a large party.
1	Overall was truly disappointed by this experience......was there with a large group....and it took over 3 1/2 hrs to eat and get our check .Apparently our party according to management(Brian) was just too large to handle. My food( the sushi/sashimi combo) was just OK ....nothing to get excited about. I will never come back here .....and would encourage all of you to look for a better place to spend your money.
5	I have been craving this place ever since I left Vegas. Seriously. So good. My fave items were:-Coconut rock shrimp tempura. Each shrimp was perfect, crisp, delicious... topped with a bit of pureed truffle. Mmmm-Miso sea bass satay... so tender, buttery, delicious.The place was a bit over priced but those two items made my night. Every single item we got was delicious.
4	amazing. the sea bass with miso and raw shrimp tempura were quite delectable. the only thing i kinda found sketchy about this place were the images on the projectors and tv.. great place overall though.
3	The actual food was very good. We ordered a menu for $65 a person (without drinks),  they they served us a LOT of food for that price.  So it was a bargain for on strip.  The service was good too- attentive and inventive.  BUT!  As other yelpers have said, the wait for the plates to come out is extremely slow. It was about 30 minutes between each plate!  And during most of our meal the place was half empty. Perhaps this is a policy to encourage liquor sales?   But it left a number at our table very unhappy with what should have been a great meal.
2	I know, it's Vegas, so what did I expect? Frankly, a whole lot more than we got.First, I was unable to order about 2/3 of my regular sushi, they just didn't carry the usual stuff, and I was not into the she-she rolls.Food was REALLY SLOW to hit the table, when it did, I realized that one order of sushi was on tiny piece...and, the Toro turned out to be $96 for 6 pieces!! My friend's wife had to wait even longer for her food. Pretty sad.Beer was cold, that part was good, but not much beer selection either...still, Saporo is better than nothing.We switched to udon with pork belly, that was ok, but no where near as good as Noodle Theory back in Oakland.Our waiter was nice, but the kitchen must have been sleeping.No way I'd go back there, too many other decent choices in the vicinity.
2	Overpriced? Yes. Small portions? Yes. Good ambiance? Yes.Hubs wanted some sushi and without too much thought I suggested Sushi Samba.  We were staying at Encore so it was a brief walk.  It was 1:30 on a Tuesday so there were many a tradeshow, badge wearing bunch dining here using their corporate credit cards.  If it wasn't for them I think this place would be empty so thank you optic show.Hubs is out of control when it comes to ordering sushi.  He has a taste for it all (unfortunately).  We had the sushi combination, edamame, unagi sushi, the spicy yellowtail handroll, the carnaval roll, the shrimp & veggie tempura and a variety of a la carte sushi (spanish makerel, amberjack, fatty tuna and striped bass).  Our bill including 3 Asahis was $142.  That's friggin steep for lunch.The next time hubs says he wants sushi for lunch I'll veto it and opt for some noodles at a chinese joint.
4	The only thing preventing me from giving this place 5 stars is the price--which was fairly steep (We spent $50 per person for lunch).  However, the food was FANTASTIC and the menu had lots of interesting items--it's Japanese/South American fusion.  I ordered chicken teriyaki., which was incredibly tender and served on top of these delicious purple mashed potatoes in a tasty sauce.   My companion ordered a variety of sushi and rolls. He was born in Japan and is very picky about his sushi, but he was very happy with everything that he ordered.   We defintely will go again.  Next time I want to try the plantains!
4	New York, Miami and now finally Las Vegas.  The food presentation is all about variety - small portions chased with some sake, beer or other beverage of choice.  I was expecting loud, but Vegas was a bit more subtle, yet maintained all the vibe.  The seating is interesting as nothing is square and the colors are warm Peruvian and the food is pretty Japanese with a dose of flavors atypical of traditional Japanese foods - like limes and jalapenos.  But my wife and I loved it.  Cerviche with yellow tail was the opener along with roasted duck over a bed a mushrooms (a combo of two menu items recommended by our server), then salt and pepper squid (calamari- esq) and a tuna skewer served with huge corn - unique combo, rice would have been fine with me.  We rounded the meal with two sushi rolls - one with jalapenos, fried onions and a bit of cheese and another fancy hamachi roll.  Delicious, fun, great multi server service.  A great prelude to catching Jersey Boys at Palazzo!
3	food is ok. meet is good. nice environment to hang out with friends.
3	'We went here on a Monday night for drinks.  The drinks on the menu were creative.  I'll try the sushi next time.
4	Ok now we were staying at Pallazo and wanted to try out this restaurant. It was somewhat crowded when we got there on Valentine's Day weekend although I should say I have never seen Vegas this empty compared to previous years during such holidays.  My first impression of the restaurant wasnt as expected, the tables were somewhat worn out and chipped at on the surface, and due to the place being crowded the tables and chairs were very close to the neighboring tables, it felt like the people who were setted next to us were actually sitting with us.  So that was kinda annoying.  Ok enough of negative :) now the positives.  Our waiter was excellent.  I wanted to eat sushi but i was thinking of trying different things on the menu, therefore our serves suggested that we order this special that they have.  He asked us how much we wanted to spend and according to our budget he would bring different dishes so we could basically taste their whole menu and have variety of foods.  Our waiter stated that if we dont like any of the food that is being served he would be happy to replace it with something else.  I was ready to spend around 70 a person so he started off according to my budget.  We had different variety of sashimi, cut rolls peruvian dishes with mushrooms and duck, crab legs etc.  He served us with 7 different dishes and we basically told him to skip the desert since we were very full at that point.  The verdict----good food, excellent service.
4	Who woulda thunk to meld Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian flavors?  Glad these peeps did, because it really is like a carnaval explosion of flavors. The menu seems endless, with great friendly service who offers to pull a menu together for you.  Our table was a group of type A personalities, so we took that into our own hands - so many great choices -- tempura green beans, tuna taktaki, yellowtail taquitos, tuna ceviche with apple and jalapeno, sea bass, and the list goes on and on.  This is definitely one place that makes return visits to Vegas more appealing!  Great specialty cocktails.
2	I am working next door to The Palazzo at The Wynn Hotel and I eat out here 5 times a week.I heard Sushi Samba is famous from New York. I dine there so many times and love their food. Shishito peppers is amazing,Tuna slider is a must order dish, California rolls is OK but all the fresh fish is yummy and fresh. The portion are tiny just like how all the fancy restaurants on the strip served their food.I like to sit at the bar because I believe in one on one service. When dinner time arrived the bar will more likely full. The bartender/waitress 80% of time hardly crack a smile and sometime busy with her text messages and 9 out of 10 time I have to kept asking for the refill my drink or order another beer.Also be warn about their napkin since it will give you lint all over your dark pants or your skirt.I wish the service can be better because the food is absolutly tasty for strip sushi.
5	One word - ANDRA.  She's one of the best servers anywhere in any restaurant.  The best dishes we had were her recommendations.  She's fun, knowledgeable and loves her job.  The best dish is the Miso-Glazed Sea Bass (we ordered it twice).Food - 5Service - 5Atmosphere - 4I recommend this place highly and ask for Andra!!!
3	This restaurant is a chain and was pretty good.Being a girls weekend away from home, we started off with their cocktail tree which is $70, but totally worth it! Then we ordered Otsumami which is an assortment of edamame, green bean tempura, and shishito which was really good. Their aioli sauce had a hint of truffles and a strong garlic taste but wasn't too over powering and made it really good with the green bean tempura.After that we had the Rock Shrimp Tempura that had bibb lettuce, tobanjan alioli, black truffle vinaigrette and in my opinion was only average. For my entree I had the Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass and that was really, really good. Very moist, tender, juicy and not fishy at all. It's everything you could wish your fish to be. The portion was a little small, but it was oh, so good!! I also had the Samba strip Roll which had maine lobster, mango, tomato, chive, crispy rice, soy paper, peanut curry and i thought it was alright. But for the price and how much lobster they gave us, it was really worth it.  the last thing i had was their Neo Tokyo roll that had yellowfin tuna, tempura flake, aji panca, which is also really good. My overall experience was only a 3 stars because they said they were really busy that night (but didn't look that way to me because there were at least 5 empty tables in front of us) and they sat us in a corner and our waiter was a complete douche and couldn't get our order right nor could he remember what we ordered and came back on several occasions to reconfirm what we ordered. The manager there was also dumb and tried to help out only to make things worse because he asked us what we wanted to drink and didn't even bring our drinks and completely forgot about us. In the end, I'd come back cause the food was good, but hopefully i'll get better service next time.
3	I think SushiSamba finally hit the wall, at least, in Las Vegas. Opening only a few years ago, this often vibrant, fun and sometimes innovative sushi house, was none of that tonight. The staff was flat and at times clueless but it was more than that. The vibe of MiamiDromo or NYC7 just did not exist here. It was more of a restaurant that served average sushi, steaks and fish with a Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian influence. The flavors that I have come to know and expect were just missing. The Yellowtail Tiradito with jalapeno and lemon grass had no pop, no heat, as were the rest of the rolls. I am not saying I am giving up on this place and I will definitely visit NYC and Miami again, I just hope they find their groove here.
4	Yum Yum YumLove the decor and the music is fun to grooove too lol, The idea of these foods together makes a great diverse meal!My deliciious meal:-The beef tenderloin and aji panca was great and it was perfectly spicy.. very juicy (not dry at all)-Peruvian corn :)-The Bobo Brazil samba roll w has seared kobe beef, avocado, kaiware, shiso, red onion, chimichurri -- FREAKIN BOMB
4	OKay, we've all been to these trendy sushi restaurants before, and Sushi Samba in a way is no different.  And keep mind in mind, this is Vegas and it's in the Palazzo, so I already knew coming in that prices would be a little higher.I'm giving this 4 stars because they have items in the menu which can't be found anywhere else.  For appetizers, we had yellowtail taquitos and seared kobe beef.  Both were absolutely delicious!  We ordered a roll that had kobe beef inside and couple different types of nigiri.  I'm deducting 1 star from the rating because Sushi Samba deducted the size of my nigiri and rolls.  For the price you pay, you would think you would get bigger pieces... you don't! Always the case for these type of sushi joints.Besides that, the ambiance is hip w/ house music playing in the background and the servers are sexy hot. I would come back here again with some friends.
3	Im sorry sushi samba but for a vegas restaurant you suck. The place was just a bit too dark for my tastes. Sushi is so bright and beautiful I cant understand why you would want to make it hide.The food was good but for the price? Bleh. Seriously I have had better sushi for less than half its price many times. The presentation was pretty good and the fish quality was top notch. The recipes where fantastic...in theory.I think what really got me down was the sauces. Their sauces where so weak and useless. I mean lump a bunch of fish into a roll and its just a lump of fish. Throw Mikuni's triple dream sauces on it and its a masterpiece! I kind of want to go back to try something other than their maki.
2	this place has a lot of misleading reviews,to be honest I did not like the menu and the idea of someone else making a menu for me with a few questions and then charge a person $30-50. Over priced! The place was cool but seen better places with better food. I suggest those who wants to try this place to look @ their menu and think twice about spending $$$ on a small portion of food.
3	The sushi was mediocre for a lavish Vegas joint and the drinks were uninspired, but the decor and ambience were pretty festive. On top of that, we went on a Wednesday when they were having Karaoke battle in the back. Apparently, they record everyone's performance and post them on youtube..  then the person with the most votes or views (I forget which) gets a grand prize of a trip for two for a weekend getaway at any city where they have a Sushi Samba. If I didn't happen to have laryngitis that week, I would have totally rocked it :(
4	Sushi samba is a great place to have an afternoon drink amidst hang overs from Friday and Saturday night in vegas.  I came here on a Sunday afternoon and ordered the speciality cocktail - samba juice - and the El Topo roll as a snack!The el tapo roll is the perfect mix between brazilian and Japanese cuisine, and it tasted great with my fruity drink!  It was a bit crunchy with cheese sprinkled on top, definitely something you will not find at a traditional pure Japanese resturant.  I would come here again for a full meal - but of course, like any other Las Vegas restaurant, the price is a bit over the top.  But what else can you expect from an Asian Fusion restaurant?
3	Eh, this place was ok.We made a reservation for 7:15 and got seated after a few minutes. The tables were kind of close together which wasn't so cool. It was really loud and dark and kind of hard to hear my friend talking from 2 feet away. The people next to us were only about 3-4 feet next to us.The waitress was ok. I ordered a beer, which I had to ask for twice because I didn't get it after about 10 minutes. She messed up our sushi order, then told us we were wrong and that it wasn't what we asked for, and then went back and saw that we were actually right the entire time. It was really busy, but still not an excuse. The guys sitting next to us had tickets to a show at 9 and walked in around 7:45 and they were raving about how good the food was and how quickly it was getting served. Good for them I guess, but our service was still slow. We left at around 8:45 and they still hadn't gotten their bill.The sushi was just kind of meh. I think it was overpriced and didn't reach our expectations for a place like the Palazzo. We could have gone to a place like RA Sushi and gotten better sushi for a much cheaper price. We probably won't go back.
4	If you are NOT interested in being open-minded to an array of fusion tapas featuring Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian inspired palettes...then this is place not for you. If however you are interested in being more cultured in regards to your typical sushi restaurant, then you may continue reading.Sushi Samba is a great restaurant to taste a blend of very unique flavors...the menu is not your typical one but rest assured, your server is happy to answer any of your questions. The server started off by asking us if we've been there before...I have so I said yes. If I would have said now, he would have prefaced our meal with a story of the restaurants background i.e. stylings of food, etc. I know this because I overheard another server doing it. With any tapas joint it is always easy to over order...and me, my bro, and his fiance did just that. Here is what we got.-Shishito (grilled peppers): the sea salt adds a great flavor, the peppers themselves are literally grilled- Filet Mignon robata: a small portion of robata grilled filet mignon cooked exactly how I wanted- Sea Bass and Miso swewers: recommended by our server, these skewers were OFF THE HOOK!!!! Melted like butter in my mouth...the miso flavor was out of this world.-Miso soup: the only difference between this soup and the others...they add cilantro-Coconut Rice: the side order of rice could actually feed 2 people. We ordered 2 not knowing this. The coconut flavor is not at all overpowering...I've gotta learn how to make this rice!-Green envy roll: YUM!!! salmon and tuna rolled with some crunchies to make this fine number-Spicy Tuna Roll: not as spicy as I thought it would be but still yummy-Rio Grande (5 meats): this meal on its own came with black beans, collard greens, rice, 5 different meats, and 3 sauce pairings. WOW! You need to order this...there was 3 of us and we couldnt finish but the options were great. The sauces were extremely complementary.Sure our meal came out to $172.69 pre gratuity for 3 people but for the service, quality and presentation of the food, and the ambiance...the price seems quite fitting.
5	This place was the only good restaurant that was open until 2am Sunday morning, so we decided to try it. What a surprise! It was fantastic. Service was quick and really friendly. Not once did we feel rushed to leave so they could go home. We had this appetizer that was a foursome of sushi, it was to die for! Everything was fantastic. I can't wait for my next trip to go here again!
4	We stopped here for a little lunch during happy hour on our trip.  The atmosphere of this place was awesome, I really liked the decor as well.  A very modern looking establishment.  The happy hour menu is limited, but not bad at all.For happy hour my wife and I got the Spicy Tuna Roll, A philly roll, shrimp tempura roll, and chicken anticuchos.  I LOVED the chicken anticuchos.  Super tasty, tender pieces of chicken with a nice teriyaki sauce.  The spicy tuna roll WAS spicy.  Spicier than what I'm used to.  I wasn't big on the shrimp tempura mainly because if i'm eating sashimi or rolls, I like it cold. I just dont jive to well on warm sushi haha.  When it comes to warm fish, BBQ salmon or halibut is my game.We both ordered drinks, I ordered a Mojito and the wife had a Caiprianha.  The Mojito I had wasn't working for me.  It was awesome they put fresh mint in it, but i hated getting foliage in my mouth.  Also, it was rather strong.....I like a strong drink trust me, but something was different about the strength of this drink.  Same on the Caiprianha.  Texas De Brazil made an AWESOME caiprianha, so I dont know what was so different between the 2.We did end up spending around 50 bucks at happy hour which was a shock.  We did enjoy it, and it is totally worth a stop.
4	Had dinner at Sushi Samba for my birthday. A little on the pricey side and a little too dark and loud for me, but the food was great! I'd go back for the Chilean Sea Bass!!! I'm salivating just thinking about it! Their chocolate mousse dessert was great, too!
2	Overpriced mediocre sushi. Ramen was pretty good but not worth $18. Do yourself a favor and go to Little Tokyo.
5	Came here on the reccomendation with Chef Micheal Cressoti and I was impressed. It's located at the top floor of the palazzo with a hip and dark ambiance. Okay people it's dark crowded and loud. Do you forget where you are?!? It's las vegas people!! This is what you should expect. This is the new era where sushi is supposed to be hip. I took my girfriend and a third wheel there for a dinner and pretty much ordered the omakase. As a person who worked around in sushi restaraunts, lived in Peru, and surrounded by Brazileros, I still was taught I had alot more to learn about the cuisine and the complex flavors on the palate when mixed together. Honestly unless you're ordering the kobe beef roll or the fuie gras sushi... skip the whole sushi list. The rolls are great but for the price, I would opt out for the kitchen orders. Spicy tuna was a little different but nothing to make you stand up and dance. The red miso sea bass (I believe that was the fish) skewers are to die for. The grill is special grill where they use woodchips brought in from Japan. This is the kind of special treatment the chefs use to creats such dishes, so the price is reasonable. All their fish is line caught so for the environmentally conscience, expect to pay more for sushi as opposed to other sushi restaraunts. Their ceviche was very light and refreshing, so was the yellowtail sashimi and the ceviche. The kobe beef tacos. Sorry Kogi was okay for me. Asian tacos are as good as it gets, but kobe beef tacos who can possibly resist. It was spectacular with the spicy emulsion that was served on the side. The duck confit with wil mushroom is a must order. Succulent morsels of variety of mushrooms and the perfectly cooked medium rare breast of duck just melted in your mouth. The sake sommelier was very friendly and knew her alcohol, so if you are interested in ordering sake ask for the pro. From here and there, after 5 other dishes, we ended up with dessert. The chocolate cake, which they said was great, was rather just good, BUT the carrot cake. I HATE carrot cake, but the pastry chef, she whippped up something so magical and delicious. Not too sweet, not too heavy, not too bready... if you can understand what I mean, you will love this cake. In a cake, I look for the perfect balance of sweetness and richness, that will just top off your great meal. Not to overwhelm your palate and your stomach but make a nice closure to the expensive meal you just enjoyed. It was the best carrot cake I've had. Overall the staff was friendly and the general manager was kind enough to explain to me about the food and the kitchen, since I work in the kitchen as well. I left there extremely happy and with an impressed gf and third wheel. Thank you sushi samba.
5	If you come here you have to try their Nina Fresa drink, its delicious.  Be aware its soo good you forget its packed with alcohol.  I came here for my girlfriends birthday, great atmosphere and great service.  Their menu is inspired by Japanese and Brazilian food.  We decided to do it family style with a price range of $30 per person (not including appetizers and drinks)  The selection was awesome.  I would definitely come back if i was in vegas again.
4	Came for a bachelor party -- so a large group of drunk guys.  I was impressed.  The venue reminded me of Tao a lot: nice, hip, trendy, fusion, so that made me wary of the food.  But it was good.  We got a $55 tasting menu that had a lot of unique dishes that weren't too exotic.  I can appreciate fusion places that don't try to go over the top with exoticness.  Everything was pretty solid: sea bass, hamachi, duck, baby crabs, rolls.  It was definitely also more filling than I expected.  They brought out the platter of rolls last as filler and we were struggling to finish.Also, there was a table with 3 playboy models sitting next to us which never hurts.  I got all of them to take a picture with the bachelor (with permission from their  husbands who happened to be really cool).  So a success all in all.
4	Love this place, its one of my fave places to eat at in Vegas! I always get the Ramen bowl; can't go wrong with it. This restaurant is for people with an acquired taste in food, so it's not for everyone - just to give you a heads up; but so far so good in my book. :)
5	I came here for a bachelor party and keep in mind I was drinking from 9 am all day till dinner time (and beyond).  I was pretty blown away by everything from the taste to the originality.  I'm not sure why this place doesn't have a higher rating, but reading some of the lower reviews it all seems to be service related, which I can't really judge accurately cause I came in the middle of service, and in between meals we were hitting on girls in the casino, bar, and restaurant.But anyway back to the food, we had various things that were a blur in my memory, but the impression still remains.  Tasting each dish and each one of its elements I was thoroughly impressed by everything.  I haven't been that impressed by food in a while and I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone asking for a Vegas suggestion.
3	The Las Vegas outpost of Sushi Samba does not live up to its NYC origins. The whole experience comes off as just an expensive place to take a break and have a snack when you need a break from playing blackjack. And, judging by her lack of interest and canned conversation, my server might as well have been a wind up toy needing rewinding. The Latin fusion thing doesn't work as well here as it does in NYC. There is definitely better sushi on the strip.
3	We love the cocktail tree, great for a group of friends. The Bobo brazil was tasty, small portion but enough for a small apetite. Price is too expensive and food was just average, but place is great for groups.
4	Let me just say Amazing quality, for the price you pay. But the quantity is so small. Minus the one star because I left that place still hungry. The fresh oysters I had, I still couldnt get over... it was De-Lish but it was about 5$ for one! eeek!
3	Portions were small, flavor was OK, thank goodness friend of friends paid for the bill... 4 girls he just met, he was crazy! Sweetheart, but crazy! The food was flavorful but the portions were small. Their Lychee Martini was f'n D'Lish! The only thing is that, well, for the price, I would've expected a whole lot more food.It's not a bad place for drinks and maybe appetizers. Will I return? Probably not.
4	Me and a couple buds of mine decided it would be a good idea to fine dine before heading back home from our trip to Vegas. I found this spot out by a buddy of mine who happens to be a local, so I took his word for it and made a reservation here. It took us quite a while to get seated... We probably had to wait 20-30 minutes or so to get seated even though we had a reservation (it was a Saturday, not quite sure how it would be on any other days).Anyway our waitor was nice.. Very knowledgable and friendly. The food was SO yum. The boyfriend and I ordered a whole bunch of things- Rainbow dragon roll, tiger shrimp tempura, sea bass, uni sushi, and after reading the previous reviews here on yelp, we ordered the yellowtail taquitos... So glad we did because they were DELICIOUS! Pretty pricey for a small taco but totally worth it. The minimum you could order is 2 and they're $6 each. Definitely would come back here for the taquitos and the sake!
3	My cousin and I decided to try out this restaurant during our Memorial weekend trip in Vegas. I was extremely excited to try this place because of all of the positive reviews/rants I've heard. I am always looking to try new Sushi places and I must admit that I am quite the Sushi expert!The first thing I must say is that this place is pricey! For $85 I only able to order:- 2 glasses of Cabernet Sauvignons- 2 Miso Soups ($6.00 each and only had 1 Tofu in each bowl of soup)- Rainbow Dragon Roll- 2 Avocado Salmon Rolls- 1 Piece of Salmon Sashimi (embedded in an unknown vegetable)- 3 Hand RollsMay I remind you that all of this was shared between two people. The portion size was fairly small. However,the freshness and the quality of the fish was amazing. That is probably the only thing positive about this restaurant. Oh yes, can't forget the fancy lighting and ambiance.I was not impressed by the originality of the menu nor the taste of the food. I have tasted better sushi rolls for more than half the price of a Sushi Samba roll. I would have rather spent $85 at my local sushi restaurants in San Jose. At least there will be many tofu pieces in my miso soup not only 1. =P-
5	What is there not to love about Brazilians?Brazilian BBQ, Brazilian wax, Brazilian models, and Brazilian fusion.Sushi Samba is AHHH-MAZING. I honestly thought the bf was overhyping the place and thought it would be mediocre, but I was surprised by the quality of the food and how delicious everything was!Our waitress Regina was nice and very bubbly. She made our dining experience at Sushi Samba great. Instead of ordering random items off the menu, we chose the personalized Prix Fixe menu. Basically, you tell your waiter/waitress what you like/dislike and the price limit per person and they basically bring out items that they think you would like.  If you don't like it, the waiter/waitress takes full responsibility for it and doesn't charge you. Between the 3 of us, we had:- Edamame: I'm not a fan of Edamame so I rarely eat it and don't really care for it.- Yellowtail Crispy Taquitos: This is a cold dish and it's like a sushi taco. The taquito had lemongrass, avocado, and aji panca miso. Definitely recommend it!- Tuna Tataki: Also another cold dish. Very light and it had white asparagus, heart of palm, avocado, tatsoi, and citrus soy. I love anything with tuna in it so I enjoyed this a lot. - Mushroom Toban Yaki w/ Filet Mignon: Omg delicious! This came in a stone pot and had a bunch of wild mushrooms and filet mignon in a delicious broth. - Sashimi Tiradito (Yellowtail, Kanpachi, Tuna, and Salmon): I didn't care too much for this dish. It was good but some of the sauce that accompanied the sashimi didn't blow me away. The Yellowtail had a jalapeno and lemongrass sauce, the Kanpachi had a yuzu, black truffle oil, and sea salt sauce, the Tuna had a yuzu soy, hickory oil, and toasted garlic sauce, and the Salmon had a maiz cancha, lime zest, and ponzu sauce. - Sea Bass w/ a side of Peruvian Corn: This had to be one of the BEST Sea Bass I've ever had in my life. It was cooked perfectly and had the perfect buttery, melt in your mouth texture. It was also marinated in a sweet sauce, but it wasn't too overpowering. The side of corn complemented the sea bass very well.- Neo Tokyo Roll, Carnival Roll, El Topo Roll - I'm not the biggest fan of rolls and these rolls were a bit disappointing. Especially since it came out last after all the really delicious dishes. I tried each of the rolls, but they weren't memorable.- Carrot Cake: OOOOOOMMMMMMMGGGGGGGG! Best carrot cake, ever. It was served with Brown Butter Ice Cream, Cinnamon Cream, Rainbow Carrot Chip, and Orange Reduction. I seriously wanted to lick the plate after I was done!The total per person (not including alcohol, tip, or tax) was about $65/per person. Totally worth it! If you ever decide to try Sushi Samba, skip the rolls and go for the good stuff! I definitely recommend the personalized Prix Fixe menu.
4	Impressive! I have never tried a fusion of Brazilian, Peruvian, and Japanese cuisine. The turnout was surprisingly good. But then again, people who are not open to fusion should avoid such a daring tasting adventure. The group I came with were starving, so we wondered if there were any tables opened for 10 people. The hostess up front said that she had a private room available and that we could be seated quickly. Yay for private room! But there was a catch that she didn't tell us: $75 order minimum per person. Well that didn't stop the group so they went straight to ordering sashimi, sushi, oysters, skewers, satay, and LIVE lobster!? But wait, there's no toro? Yep, our waiter told us they will no longer have toro because the fish is too endangered or something to that extent. I forgot the exact orders because there were so much that night that I can hardly differentiate them since I was so hungry. (See pics instead!)The service was fantastic, the music selection was also great (Kaskade playing all night long), and the food was most definitely unique and GOOD. This is no Cheesecake factory, so don't expect monstrous portions! Taste and savor the freshness of those little morsels you put into your mouth because it will do some damage to that wallet of yours by the end of the meal.
5	for $50 a person, our server created a custom meal for us that included 5 items. not sure if you've eaten in vegas or not, but that is a STEAL! the lemongrass sauce on the tuna was to die for and the sushi was fresh and yum-o! we paired it off with martinis and sake bombs, WOOH WEE!
3	It was just a-ok meal.  The waiter kept trying to sell us either the tasting menu or the bottles of sake.  I don't get it how in that establishment they don't have hot house sake??? The waiter said we would have to get a bottle of cold and they would microwave it.   is that a joke????They rolls were okay, but I can't say it was anything special at all. I would NOT go back there.
3	The food was great.  Salt and Pepper squid ~ good, it wasn't chewy as I expected it to be.  Duck with Sweet Ginger Soy ~ good but it wasn't too memorable.SeaBass with Miso ~ amazing!  Our waiter recommended this to us.Cocktails ~ Bushido ~ really greatThe rolls were okay but didn't feel that they were memorableI would have given this place 4 stars but only getting 3 due to its service.  Our waiter was great initially but somewhere in the middle he kind of ditched us to go attend to a bigger table.  We were about to order more food but we gave up when we realized that our waiter had disappeared on us.  After 15 minutes of waiting for our waiter, we called another waiter to see what happened to ours when the manager finally came to tell us that our waiter was busy.  I would have gone back because the food was great but I probably wouldn't due to the service.
4	Love this place! When I'm in Vegas again this is the place for some Brazilian, Peruvian and Japanese food.
4	Freaking yum. Ceviches and tiraditos are a must!My favorites seviches and tiraditos and were:Salmon, asparagus, red radish, pineapple and lime.Jumbo shrimp, passion fruit, cucumber and cilantro.Tuna, granny smith apple, serrano and lime.Yellow-tail, jalapeno, and lemongrass.and DEFINITELY try the Watermelon, Guava and Lime drink. Best nonalcoholic drink I've had in forever.
3	Wish I could give this place a 5 because the food is delicious, but unfortunately because of the lousy service I have to give it 3 stars. Went to this restaurant with a few girlfriends on a trip to Vegas. SUPER Excited to enjoy a great sushi meal with people that LOVE sushi. Instead we were greeted by a server, name to be disclosed, who was degrading, rude, and treated us like cheap girls. One of our friends requested for a carafe of hot sake and this server immediately said that this restaurant was too high class to have any sort of hot sake. Who was this guy? How does he not know that we're just girls who enjoy drinking hot sake from time to time-this server needs to learn some MAJOR restaurant etiquette! As the night progressed, the service did not get any better. I've been to MANY wonderful restaurants in Vegas where the food was great and the service EVEN better and this restaurant definitely put the standard of Vegas restaurants in the low range. Fortunately the manager hooked my friends and i with some shots that were delicious - one of them included cucumber and was fresh and cool to the taste. On the positive note, the food was ridiculously delicious (hoping there wasn't any extra protein hidden in it). The Sashimi dishes with granny apple sauce and another with some sort of lemon grass sauce was soo good! The Chilean Sea Bass was delectable and probably the best dish on the menu. I always believe that Las Vegas has the best places to eat, this restaurant may be one of them, but I will never go there again unless i confirm that this server is not serving my table. And if anyone from this restaurant is reading this...never underestimate your customers!
4	Every time my peeps and I go to Vegas, we usually go eat at Wynn or Belagio Buffet, but this time we wanted to try something different and decided to try Sushi Samba. AND we were all glad we did!We were seated right away by the host and our waiter gave us a good service! He explained that the restaurant is combined with 3 cultures; Peruvian, Japanese and Brazilian being it was our first time. He was attentive, kept checking on us and refilling our waters.I recommend SEARED KOBE! Yummy in my tummy.I wouldn't mind coming back here again. Its a little pricey but you pay for what you get. This place attracts more of high spenders and some people have complain about the servers being degrading and rude if you didn't look the part. And I can totally see that happening here...usually in high end places.
5	Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian fusion. I'd think that intrigue alone would be enough to bring anyone to Sushi Samba.I'll have to admit that I was nervous when our knowledgeable and friendly server began talking about the three different kitchens, the different ways to order...it all sounded way too complicated. (To be honest, I just wanted to fill my stomach so that I'd be able to drink later!) Luckily, one of our friends is a Sushi Samba master, and he did all of the ordering for our table. I pretty much loved everything - if only for the novelty of it all - but a few stand-out dishes were:1) yellowtail ceviche taquito: they looked like little yellowtail and guacemole tacos. somehow it all worked...2) yellowtail tiradito: kinda like a ceviche? yellowtail, jalepeno, and lemongrass - i'm definitely a fan of sour and spicy.3) fresh oysters and jumbo shrimp: no explanations needed.4) El Topo roll: salmon, jalepeno, melted cheese, and crispy onionsI also would recommend getting a side of Peruvian corn (which went along with our churrasco plate) just to see how HUGE those kernels are! It's kind of ridiculous. Anyway, not only was the food great, but the service was among the best - they even have a "sake sommelier", so to speak. The place itself is energetic, contemporary, and very, very Vegas. I can't wait to go back!
4	If you step foot in the Palazzo Hotel, you should walk over to SushiSamba to check it out. Its a Japanese/Brazilian fused restaurant, cool interior design, cool bar. They had a DJ playing inside the place right next to the bar. The food was good too. We had the Shishito, tuna tataki, and a few different rolls that i don't remember the names of. Everything we had was better than expected and the wait staff was nice and quick with delivery of the food, our beers and beer refills, and water refills.
1	I went here because the hotel complex had few other restaurant options open at 11 PM on a weeknight - and it was remarkably bad - at those prices, and since it's advertised on the room cards, I expected pretty solid food.The fish on my sushi was simply not fresh enough, nor handled correctly - I felt that their special rolls were just mediocre cuts and quality fish, doused in overly sweet sauce to hide the inadequacy.  The miso soup was bad enough to send back, if I didn't feel too tired to deal with the hassle; it had an off putting smell to it, was oversalted, and was almost exclusively broth - no seaweed, almost no tofu, and a few sliced raw scallions.  Also, expensive, even by Las Vegas Strip standards.Service was adequate, but barely; they didn't refill my water glass without prompting, and acted a bit surprised / almost rude when I declined to order alcohol, but nothing major.Potentially, part of my problem was in ordering exclusively from the "Japanese" part of the menu, but it does have the word Sushi in the name - why would I expect the sushi to be terrible?
4	It's like eating sushi at a night club. Really good sushi.The ambiance is very contemporary with tons of lamps hanging from the ceiling. Lighting is minimal. Here's the breakdown of the food that I tried.Tuna Tataki: Very good. Super fresh. I can't say it was the best that I have had but very close to it.Rock Shrimp Tempura: This was an absolute favorite at the table. You have to try this! It's like tempura popcorn shrimp covered in a spicy alioli. Rio Grande three meats: All the meats were good. The dipping sauces made them fantastic. I wouldn't get this again though. Not really great for how much it is.BoBo Brazil roll: Really good! Kobe beef on top....yum!Pacific: This was ok. Nothing special about it. Service was fantastic! There was always someone out refilling glasses of water, beer, and sake and clearing out plates. Very friendly too.
5	The ambiance of the restaurant was breathtaking as 3 fellow diners and I walked in. We had made reservations a few hours in advance on a busy Saturday night (the night before 4th of July) so we understood that it would be a few minutes of a wait. While we waited, we sat near the waiting/bar area and our to-be waitress asked us if we wanted to order drinks. We ordered drinks while we waited for our table and our waitress brought them to us in the lounge area we were sitting in. I got the strawberry-tini which was really fruity and yummy. We got seated after about 10 minutes. I will admit, the menu seemed slightly pricey but it's Vegas and you can't expect restaurants not to be pricey. I ordered the Neo Tokyo roll and it came with 8 small pieces but was the best sushi I've ever had! For $15, it wasn't bad at all because I also decided to order a side of coconut rice which was delicious and only $5. The drink did ring up to be $12 but overall it wasn't bad for the great dining experience. My fellow diners loved their dishes as well. 2 of them ordered a 4-course dinner for $50, which is customized to your liking based on what preferences and allergies you tell the waitress you have and she kind of surprises you. The last diner ordered the Kobe beef sushi and he enjoyed it a lot. It came with delicately sliced raw Kobe beef wrapped around the sushi which looked amazing.Overall a very fun dining experience!
2	I have eaten at all of the Sushi Sambas now.  Vegas is not the best one, unfortunately.  It's a cool space.  Very modern and cool looking.  Loved the open kitchen and the robata menu items which weren't available at other locations.However.The service sucked big old donkey balls.  Our waitress was SO rude, short and annoying.  She was mad because we wanted to order off the menu instead of having *her* pick our food and bring it out family style.  Why would we want her to pick our food?  I get the whole family style and how it makes it easier with larger parties, but at least tell a sister that when she makes a reservation instead of springing it on her when she sits down. Then don't refuse to bring menus, get pissed when we ask for them, or be brusque and rude when taking orders or bringing food.You better believe I talked to the management and gave them a (nice) earful.  But the food was good...as it is at all Sushi Sambas.  Especially the sea bass, the sushi, and the chicken robata.
3	A friend of mine was raving about SS which set my expectations a bit high since he was industry folk but my experience was OK, sadly.  The space was cool in a japanimation type of way.  The temperature was a bit warm for a casino and music a bit blaring for my taste.  But what it really comes down to is the food, right?  The food was OK but not bad.  The Pork Belly was incredibly delicious but the Shrimp Tempura with truffle was soggy and didn't have the bite and crispy goodness a tempura typically has.  I just expected a bit more out of this brand name and really didn't do it for me.  I probably wouldn't go back.  There are plenty of other restaurants in Vegas that are worth betting on.
2	Good food; great atmosphere; horrendous service. What we ordered, a la carte:Seaweed salad: Four very different types of seaweed topped with tomato caviar. Tasty and different.Berkshire pork belly ramen: Delicious. The pork belly was fall-apart tender, very flavorful and paired well with the spicy lemongrass soup.Miso-marinated Chilean sea bass: Buttery and tender, very tasty.Lamb chop with red miso and yuzu: Not enjoyable; bitter.Steak: ?Cut directly from my blog, EpicuriousTravels.com:"Our food took a very long time to arrive, one by one. Eventually it did and we finished everything, except the fourth entree which failed to appear. We asked our waitress about this who said she'd check for us but she never came back. We then asked another waiter who said he'd check for us and he never came back. Some time later, our waitress finally returns and says they'd forgotten our entry, but that it would be out right away and taken off the bill. I then asked for a dessert menu.Much later, our food and dessert menu both failed to arrive. Eventually, our waitress returns with the bill, apologizes and says the food (and the dessert menu, apparently) won't be coming, and presents us with complimentary miniature cocktails. My dining companion and I were both underage. Another while later, our waitress returns smiling with our change and asked if we enjoyed the shots, which were clearly untouched."We basically waited an hour for our food, an hour for the bill... And free alcohol for the minors. 3 stars for the food we did like, minus the food we didn't like.0 stars for service.
5	I absolutely loved eating here. The atmosphere is great, cool decoration. The service was fantastic and our server was very friendly. I would list off everything we ordered, but there were five of us and I couldn't remember the names of half the things we ordered, let alone all the desserts (we ordered 3 sampler platters for dessert, so I'll just stick to a few. My father ordered one of the duck dishes, I don't remember which one since I didn't place the order, but it was fantastic. The duck was perfectly cooked and the sauce was a perfect complement to the natural flavors of the duck. The two rolls we ordered were the Samba Strip and the Bobo Brazil. The Bobo brazil was absolutely phenomenal. The seared kobe inside was of great quality and worked very well with all of the other ingredients. The Samba Strip was very different for me, as I had never had a roll with Lobster and was a little unsure, but I'm glad we went with it! I loved the way the peanut curry worked with the mango and the texture of the lobster. The most memorable part of the night, by far, was ordering the dessert. My girlfriend is from Brazil and one of her absolute favorite things is Brigadeiro. She was ecstatic to see it on the dessert menu in one of the dishes, because it is difficult to find a place that makes Brigadeiro (good or not aside, there just aren't many places that have it), especially where we live (AZ). She asked our server if she could just get a small plate of Brigadeiro by itself for dessert, and the server he would have to check with the chef. Here, though, they went a little above and beyond for me. Despite the Brigadeiro being listed only as an ingredient in a dish, the chef said that they would make a plate by itself, just for us. However, the chef wanted to inform us that it was not traditional brigadeiro, and even prepared a small sample for us to try before ordering a plate so that we wouldn't be disappointed if we were hoping for the traditional stuff. I can't find fault with service like that.On a side-note, they have a dish that is cooked on a hot stone and comes out sizzling on that hot stone. I have no idea what it was called, but it was ordered repeatedly by other tables and smelled absolutely phenomenal. I would go back just to sit at the bar and be able to smell that dish being brought out to other tables.
5	It is very unfortunate that the Sushi Samba in Las Vegas is the closest spot to the Los Angeles area! Located on the second floor of the Palazzo Hotel, this place takes sushi to a whole new level. It was my last day in Vegas and decided to try it out with some company for lunch. The atmosphere was quite enjoyable! Loved the ambiance. The only bad thing I would have to mention is the lack of service, though it could have been due to the World Cup Finals contributing to the poor service. Nevertheless, this place has DELICIOUS sushi.Combined total including tip: $100 (4 people)Originality & Taste: 5/5Service: 2/5Price: $$Suggested Samba Rolls:- El Topo ($14): My favorite. Absolutely delicious! Never had anything like it. Fresh salmon, rectangular-shaped sushi (as opposed to your typical round-cuts), melted Mozzarella cheese & crispy onions toppers- Rainbow Dragon Roll ($15): Freshwater eel, mango, red bell pepper, avocado. Need I say more?- Spicy Yellowtail Roll ($6): Fresh yellowtail topped with just the right amount of spicy sauce
3	I give this restaurant three stars because of their innovation of infusing the Brazilian style in sushi, but I have to say it lacks a lot in the depth of enjoyable flavor though it might shock your taste buds. It just won't satisfy it. The price is expensive for such small portions are not satisfying. I would try this place if i wanted something exotic, but don't expect your stomach to be full rather it will still feel empty after dinner.
5	I had such a delightful experience here. Everything was amazing from the service to the food. Service:I got seated right away and got service right away. Our waiter was amazing. He was oh so attentive and fast as hell with our order and everything else. There are plenty of people running around taking empty plates from your table and refilling your water...which is super important considering you're in Las Vegas and are probably dehydrated from the night before or from moments before. I asked where the restroom was and I was escorted there and once I got to the restroom there was an attendant that escorted me to the correct stall. Food:The miso cilantro soup is da bomb. Go ahead and try it would ya? I'm no sushi fan at all but my bf insisted on me trying his eel avocado roll AND salmon avocado roll...holy crap...I LIKE SUSHI!! These are probably the first sushi rolls I enjoyed. Total yum-sicles and magical unicorns to go along with it. I also had the fillet mignon which was flippin good. Long story short (too late), try this place. It's dope. I will be coming back when I'm in town.
5	Sushi Samba or Nobu.......Sushi Samba or Nobu.......Sushi Samba or Nobu....... Oh decisions!!!!! Fantastic food! Fantastic Sushi! Fantastic concept! Brazilian+Peruvian+Japanese= AMAZING!!!! Fantastic drinks! Fantastic decor! We love Sushi Samba because it is so unique and soooo delicious. The fusion concept works perfectly and we have never disliked a dish. When dining here you must be adventurous or you won't understand the hype. You are not allowed to order california rolls, shame on you!!!!! Yes it can be loud and get very busy. Make reservations and be prepared to be in a trendy Las Vegas restaurant, there are no quiet spots inside. My wife and I travel to Vegas at least 6 times a year and ALWAYS make a reservation at Sushi Samba. We have actually started to choose Sushi Samba over Hard Rocks Nobu! Just go here and eat!!!!!!
3	I am bit conflicted on how to rate this place. There were a few things I liked about it and a few I did not. Three stars seem a bit low, while four seems too much. Perhaps 3.5?First, the decor and ambiance is great!I really enjoyed the fusion of food: Brazilian, Peruvian, & Japanese. The rolls were just ok, but the ceviche and tiraditos were really good. As expected, it was pricey and small. However, unless you are in Peru, you are not going to get large ceviche plates for cheap. I also liked the Caipirinha. The service wasn't bad but was also not very attentive. One thing that bothered me is that the gentleman that brought our pitcher of Caipirinha (hey! it wasn't just for me, people) and when he was serving my cup, the top came out and a bunch of the caipirinha spilled over on the table and a bit on me. Well, the staff handled it well. They apologized and cleaned the mess. However, the inner alky in me was having a fit because I felt the spilled at least a glass worth of the drink and didn't bring us more or maybe a give us a bit discount on the pitcher (just the pitcher). I think that would have been a nice gesture, since it was like if they brought me one drink, they drop it, and not bring me a new one. I really don't think it was absolutely necessary, but it would have been nice costumer service.Overall, I would come back!
3	The ambiance in this place is really fun and sexy for sure. I went hear with 12 people to celebrate a friend's 30th bday and we had a great time. We gave the waitress a $50/person budget and they asked us for food allergies likes and dislikes and the check went to it!They brought out 5 rounds of food I believe and there was a ton of it!The food over all wasn't anything amazing, but the DRINKS were fantastic and there were a few food gems as well. If you eat here and are not allergic to fish you HAVE to try the Sea bass it is served on a skewer in this teriyaki type sauce and it is hurt me so good AMAZING! As I said the food here in general was pretty good, but nothing that I was impressed with but one bite of the sea bass and I was so so so happy we came lol! Other food gems were the string bean fries (the sauce was the clencher for this) and these firecracker shrimp situations yum!They also have hundreds and hundreds of different types of sake so if you are a fan definitely come try!
5	I am in love with this place. My boyfriend had their fraternity formal dinner in the back of the restaurant which was so incredibly beautiful I was almost in a trance or awe (but it could just be because the lighting).  They had platters and platters of sushi, skewers, sliced beef, and these really good side dishes that had these gargantuine sized kernels of corn.  The servers were on top of their game, and treated us with respect even though we were kind of a rowdy bunch.  Overall this place is very good, we had plates and plates of food and I didn't taste one thing that I didn't like.  Also, this is very conveniently placed in the palazzo, which makes slipping away and shopping very very easy. :)
5	Yes, I realize that this is a chain. But Sushi Samba is one of my most.favorite.restaurants.ever. I literally CRAVE their seabass skewers and Peruvian corn - AMAZING. Tempura green beans are delish. Great sushi. Awesome staff. Plus, where else can you grill your own kobe on a steaming rock? Yeah, that's right. You know your mouth is watering too.
5	I first frequented SushiSamba about 3 years ago.  It immediately became a must do in Vegas each time I return, which is about 6 times per year.  Let me state that the food is awesome in every respect and I do go there for my sea bass and yellowtail, but the server (Javier Mendez) is my foremost reason for returning! He was the most knowledgeable person (regarding the entire menu... from sushi 2 sake) I've ever met...mix that with a gracious, hospitable attitude and you have a winning combination.After coming here for three years to the Vegas SushiSamba, a group (12) of friends (from Louisiana which meet bi-monthly) decided go to Miami's South Beach SushiSamba for our dinner party.  I flew Javier from LAS to MIA to be our server.  I'll admit, his buddy Tommy that assisted is no slouch, but I knew I needed top notch service for this picky group.......and I got it!  Food was fabulous and the service was impeccable! I had non-sushi eating "guests" that were literally amazed at the food selection!It's by no means the least expensive restaurant in town, but as they say..."you get what you pay for".  I'm heading back to Vegas in a few weeks and will get on "Open Table" and make my reservation for another culinary adventure.I must go one step further and state that Matt is a fabulous server in Vegas as well, I just happened to get Javier first.
4	Came here for my 21st Birthday dinner, the atmosphere was super slick and our waiter was cute.  The girl's bathroom was the coolest I've ever seen in my entire life - you pee in little round rooms with doors... so cool.  The sushi was eh, meh, bleh, but the rest of the food was great.  I was obsessed with the seared tuna appetizer.  Hot damn!
3	Ate here to celebrate a Bachelor Party.  Very trendy eating area. Helpful servers who were exteremely knowledgable about the menu. We pretty much ordered everything, the spicy rock shrip appetizer was tasty and the beef tartar was good too.  Sushi rolls were so/so, nothing special for the price tag. The best part of the meal was cooking or Wagu/Kobi beef on a heated rock. That meat melted in your mouth.Overall it was nice to try once, but I dont think I'll ever be back, Sushi Roku in Caesars and Okada in Wynn are by far much better dining locales.
3	I have visited Sushi Samba twice now and the more look back on it, the more I regret going there. The food there was good (not great), and the prices here are ridiculous. Miso Marinated Sea Bass: The Sea Bass was the sized of my fist (no bigger). The flavors and texture of the Sea bass was great. I really enjoyed this dish, but for a tiny piece of fish priced at $29. It's not going to satisfy many and one might change theirr mind about sharing because of the small portions. If you want to add a side of rice it will set you back another $5!  --- 3.5 / 5 StarsSalt & Pepper Squid: Nothing out of the ordinary. Portion was small once again. $14 --- 2.5 / 5 StarsMaya Roll - The sushi itself wasn't that great, but the salsa was quite tasty. $11 --- 3 / 5 StarsBoBo Brazil - Probably the tastiest roll here. The addition of kobe beef was great. Small portions once again. $17--- 4 / 5 StarsAs you can see for the price you're paying here, you can easily select another restaurant (especially if you're ok with eating outside the Venetian).If you're staying at the Venetian I recommend eating at Delmonico Steakhouse (Bone-in Ribeye)
2	I came to Sushi Samba with a group of approximately 15 people. I felt that the servers talked us into ordering the $60 tasting menu simply because they didn't want to deal with the hassle of individual orders for a large group. From experience, restaurants where servers do this tend to disappoint.Omakase is supposed to present the chef's choice dishes and highlight what a restaurant can do, but I don't think the omakase at Sushi Samba featured a great selection. We got an assortment of ceviche, seared and grilled fish, and rolls. The quality of fish was decent but not amazing. Neither the quality nor quantity of food we justified the price.  (Having lived in Seattle for several years, I've become spoiled by the wealth of good sushi restaurants here. I can easily think of two places where I've enjoyed much finer $60 omakase dinners.)The service was slow. On a positive note, the decor at Sushi Samba is bomb. Great pre-party atmosphere. Not sure it's enough to bring me back though!
5	Despite all the hype, I'm a sushi lover. Made reservations for 6, had super fast service. They do tell you it's family-style. Weird. Nevertheless, the sushi is awesome! Loooove the Rainbow Dragon roll. The restaurant was full, even though it was a Sunday night, yet it did not take any time for the food to arrive. Nice! Food is awesome so I'd definitely come again when in Vegas.
4	Found this place because it was open late. Wow. Food was amazing and huge saki list.  The sea bass skewers were amazing.  Small portions so be prepared to throw down if you are hungry, but amazing food, decor, and ambiance. Love it!
3	Wanted to try SS for a long time, and now that I was staying @ Palazzo, I had to get in there. We went for an early dinner on a weekday. The place was empty, and we were seated right away. The menu was honestly, somewhat intimidating, and really shi shi. I like sushi, sashimi, sushi rolls, etc. I didnt really vibe with the brazilian twist the menu had. I did not research the menu enough before going in there. (Which was good in retrospect, because then I probably wouldnt have gone there, and missed a great meal.) I assumed- sushi samba= sushi. Lol. We ordered regular sushi rolls, sashimi pieces and miso soups. The miso was great. The grade of the sushi was out of this world. Def some of the best I have had, and I am a sushi addict. I have eaten it all over at home, and I try to get it whenever I am on vacation. Def recommend. There are high prices for the specialty fusion foods (which made me nervous and therefore I stuck with what I knew), but the place is gorgeous, service was fantastic, and if you are willing to take a chance on the specialty foods, Im sure you wont be disappointed.
5	Thursday Night. 9pm. Our reservations were honored to the minute and the man who runs the show, Mike Durovsik, at once made us feel not just like welcomed guests but old friends.My Fiance and I were indulged with a 9 course specialized server's Omakase. The food was superb, and the service exceeds even the best definitions of accommodating. Our charming and attentive server asked immediately how adventurous we were willing to get, and since we had no objections to anything particular, our meal immediately commenced.First was the Otsumami, three small dishes: Green Bean Tempura with a creamy truffle aoli dipping sauce (Incredible), shishito peppers charcoal grilled and just the right amount of spicy, as well as edamame sprinkled with sea salt.Next came Hamachi (Yellowtail) Tacos paired with a fizzing sort of vinegarette (Spicy Aji Panca) on the side to top it off- This was filled with so much flavour It literally forced my eyes to roll back. A real Treat that I'd highly  reccommend.At this point it was quite apparent that service and timing was top notch. The bottle of sake we brought was being chilled tableside and water never fell below the 2/3rds mark. As the bottle chilled we tasted two different cocktails-  Kumori, a cucumber cocktail with shochu and nigori which was refreshing, easy, and delicious.  Alongside was the ever popular Nina Fresa, a strawberry cocktail with vodka. Both made for easy, yet yummy drinking.Their Mushroom Toban Yaki was divinely creamy- we got ours with Bincho Tan grilled Lamb on top which paired quite nicely with those garlic chips. Their were five different kinds of perfectly cooked mushrooms in the mix, and all around it made for a unique filling appetizer. My fiances words: That fu**ing amazing lamb dish ;)The Sashimi Tiradito I'm always raving about came next. Still on a midblowing level, I noticed that their are different flavour notes (though served with the same ingredients) for the NYC location and the Las Vegas one. So if you think you've had it before, you haven't. Though different, the fish is always immensely fresh and the taste accents are truly wonderful. My favorite is the Kanpachi since I'm a sucker for Yuzu (Japanese citrus) and My fiance was a big fan of the Hamachi- If you're torn, go with the assortment of all four and you won't have any regrets.Off the Robata Grill (Bincho Tan Charcoal) came the most decadant Crab Leg imaginable- our taste buds were literally in shock from the Mastermind Talents of Chef Oscar Toro. Bedded atop rock salt, the crab was creamy, fell apart smoothly, and the flavours enhanced the entire piece of already fresh seafood. A seasonal dish that may not always be available... So wonderful. If they don't have it on menu, go for the Spiny Lobster.Also from from the Robata Grill we enjoyed The Miso Glazed Sea Bass with baby corn. Again, this dish can be done so many different ways at different high end Japanese restaurants- but Sushi Samba's brazillian take really heightens the tastes.Ask for the freshest oysters of the day- you can go with traditional serving, paired with Yuzu Jelly and lemon, or a more contemporary take which Chef Oscar Toro will create specially for that oyster.- Both ways are unforgettable.My absolute favorite dish is the KOBE ISHIYAKI. You grill fresh pieces of perfectly marbleized Kobe tableside 3-5 seconds on each side on an extremely hot River Stone. You get 4-5 sauces and and array of salts to mix up the taste buds for you- Absolutely the most decadently delicious dish. Whenever I see this I must have it, and Sushi Samba's is THE BEST I've had. Not enough people indulge in this and you Must must must!!! Our Sushi/Sashimi platter was fresh and wonderful- exquisite. We got the Neo Tokyo and the El Topo rolls- Neo Tokyo has tuna and a bit of spicy to it, and the El Topo is served warm- a surprising aspect, but the melted mozzarella is such a unique addition. It's like the movie "El Topo" you must try/ see both! For dessert we went with Mochi; a soft and chewy Japanese dessert that is traditionally not overly sweet. Sushi Samba adds ice cream to the center and offers all the best flavours. By the end of our meal and a finished bottle of Sake, we were both more than pleasantly buzzed and satiated with an incredible meal. **************Bottom line, if you are trying to decide between Nobu and Sushi Samba, Pass on Nobu and put some Samba in your Seafood!!Thank you again Mike and Oscar for such a wonderful Night!!
3	The staff here was very attentive and the space looks fantastic but the menu was a bit too weird for me. Most things on the menu are Japanese but with a Brazilian twist. My gf and I weren't totally up for the twist. We're just big fans of Japanese food especially sushi. We ordered some rolls and miso soup and found everything to be fantastic. This was the best grade sushi we ever had in Vegas. If the menu wasn't so weird and intimidating I would have given this place more stars.
5	Sushisamba - one of my fave restaurants in Las Vegas!  We ordered1)  Tempura Shrimp & Vegetables with rice 2)  Berkshire Pork Belly Ramen - YUMMY!!  Love the different types of mushrooms used in the broth.3)  BoBo Brazil Roll - Kobe Beef!!4)  For dessert - 3 types of icecream & Warm Chocolate Banana Cake
5	Sushi Samba puts an excellent spin on traditional sushi.  The fusion of Japanese and South American flavors are a perfect combination.  Since I like my food on the spicy side, I found that Sushi Samba adds that flare to usually very neutral sushi.  The one dish I found to be my favorite of the visit was the Hamachi (Yellowtail) Sashimi Tiradito.  Hamachi is always a great choice for its oil content, but along with the spicy/tangy sauce it is served on is a more than suitable replacement for shoyu.  I also tried the Yamato Roll, which is sushi with maguro and  foie gras, a great and unique flavor.  One disappointment I found was the Kobe Beef Sushi.  I would rather have had otoro.  One last recommendation, don't order collard greens at a sushi place.  It was decent although it was no southern style collard greens that I prefer.  I will definitely go back to Sushi Samba the next time I am in Vegas.  There are so many things on the menu that I still want to try!
3	The prices at Sushi Samba are jaw-dropping. Our family had 3 kids and 5 adults and we spent about $1,000 after all was said and done. All I can say is thank goodness somebody else was treating!The food was pretty darn good and the drinks were well prepared. The decor inside the restaurant is distinctive and a real pleasure to enjoy. The only drawback is that it was really dark, so it was more difficult to really take it all in. They also have a video playing on a projector that is good at setting the mood for the cuisine - Brazilian steakhouse meets Japanese sushi meets other stuff - but is sort of odd without sound and just like 1-2 second flashes of stuff. It reminded me too much of Clockwork Orange only without the taped open eyes.The service is excellent at Sushi Samba as they go out of their way to make sure that you have everything and that all messes, etc. are cleaned up. I'd say that they had about 7 staff members doting on our table and it was a nearly full house.Sushi Samba is one of those places that I would recommend visiting if somebody else was paying. No way that my cheap sensibilities would allow me to break out $1,000 for meal!
3	We stopped here for a few drinks after wandering around the Venetian. The bartender was very nice and helpful. He took the time to discuss and describe the different flavors of some alcohols that I wasnt familiar with on the menu. He even let me taste one. The service was great. The drinks were different to say the least. Interesting, but borderline too strange. It was nice to try something different, but overall I didnt really care for the drinks I tried and they were way overpriced.
5	My friends and I were looking for a good sushi place out in Vegas and luckily we found Sushi Samba.  Tucked away in the corner of the Palazzo, their food was quite excellent.  We actually went there first for a low-key place to get a couple of drinks...our bartender, Lisa, was awesome.  A friendly smile to accompany our shots and she was always ready to take care of us when we needed her.  Even the manager, Brian, came over and greeted us and made us feel welcome.  Considering the great time we had that night, we were excited to come back the next day for some sushi...we were not disappointed.  I see other people yelping about price, but you know what I thought it was worth it.  Their standard rolls were pretty good, but I would highly recommend their speciality rolls.  My friends and I couldn't stop trading pieces...everything we tried was amazing.  NeoTokyo was personally my favorite, but the BoBo Brazil roll ranks up there as well...the fusion is very creative, flavorful, and was a very welcome surprise.  I'm from the East coast and am excited to go to the ones in New York City, and the next time I'm out in Vegas it will definitely be one of my first stops.
2	I was in town for a bachelorette party and ate here for our "nice dinner" Friday night. The ambiance was awesome. I loved the vibe of the place.... bu the most important part, the food, was just okay and truly nothing to write home about. It lacked depth, flavor, and overall "WOW THIS IS AWESOME." Not one single dish stood out to me. I didn't like the melting pot of Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian. Stick with one and make it amazing. Don't dabble in all three. Perhaps that's me being a traditionalist, but so be it.The waitress seemed put off by the large quantity of us at the table. She huffed and puffed constantly. She highly suggested that we pick a dollar amount and stick with it. When we asked if we could order something from the menu separately, it was frowned upon. We'd tell her what we liked/didn't like and they'd customize the menu for us - sticking to our chosen $$ range. If we didn't like something, they'd take it back and replace it with another item from the menu. In a way, kinda cool and makes sense but then again, it was frustrating. We couldn't pick things we eyed on the menu. We had to cross our fingers it showed up. I won't go back. Okada blows this place out of the water. So does Sushi Roku. Go there instead if you're craving sushi while in Vegas.
3	Decor is extremely upscale and classy, so I kinda felt like a celebrity. Probably because I went here for a formal a while back and the group I was with was pretty dressed up. We even got seated in the backroom, VIP baby! We were served several courses. Considering it was a formal and everyone was all squiggley and silly (aka drunk), I'm not sure sushi or raw meats was a good pick, but the dinner was decent and the food was good, nothing over the top amazing, but the giant white corn kernels were pretty bomb with the rare cooked meat.Not that I should review this place and mention it's restroom but why in the world is it so dark in there?? I had trouble locking the door when using the bathroom..I wish you lit it up just a little more.
2	Went to Sushi Samba at the advice of our concierge for a fun meal with good sushi. The sushi was good the rest was terrible. First, the restaurant was filled with Wooting office groups clearly in town on expense accounts. The constant wooting after each shot grated on our nerves but would have been tolerable if not for the awful service. First, no menus were available, though our waitress tried to push an expensive tasting menu on us in their absence. Luckily, menus showed up and we ordered. We also wanted sake but barely any was affordable. We found a nice $34 bottle but was advised it was "out", of course but our kind server substituted another one without asking. Only problem it was half the size.  Server was rude and rushed and we tipped accordingly. On the plus side, the sushi was tasty.  Avoid this place unless you have a high tolerance for office parties and bad service.
3	Meh.  Was there for lunch and service was great, however the sushi was just ok.  Great space, which is always misleading in Vegas.  The awesome space sometimes doesn't equal the quality of the food.
3	If you are looking to spend $$$ to $$$$ for a nice meal in Vegas, I would not recommend this place.  But if you happen to be staying in the area, like we were, it's decent and convenient for late night happy hour (Sunday to Friday from 11pm to close).  Caipirinhas and mojitos for 6 bucks.  Couple of Asian fusion dishes (small servings) for 6 bucks.  We were just there on late Friday night and wow, the place was dead.
4	Food Boner Scale: (7.8)====DYeah, a solid 7.8. Not quite an 8, but better than 7.5. Like... the perfect balance, right girls? That's right. *nods head*But enough about me. The food here was delicious, moderately priced for a place in the Palazzo. For the life of me, I can't remember one of the pieces of sushi I ate. It came on a tasting plate with 4 other selections, and it was one of the most incredible things I had tasted in recent memory.That said, a couple of the other pieces of sushi weren't as good as I hoped. This place definitely isn't Sen of Japan quality, but it's got that awesome Peruvian flair too, so that's cool. The meats were out-of-this-world-bonerific, and I can't wait to go back to focus more on the chorizo.High five to Sushi Samba for putting Godzilla clips on the TV. Made my meal. Also, there was an abnormal amount of gorgeous women in there on a Thursday night.Overall, great meal... got a great taste of the menu. Cliff notes are: Better sushi options in the city, chorizo and other meats were top notch, overall solid four stars, would dine again, would recommend to friends.
3	Fish is ok quality.  The highlight was the california roll (which I never typically order) which had real crab meat.  Kobe beef on the hot rock was ok.
5	My well-traveled, hapa popolo friend put it best when she opinioned that Vegas has the biggest collection of restaurants in the el mundo.  What makes Sushi Samba "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" for this humble 3AM diner on The Strip is our excellent server, Tanice.  She hunted down off-menu Nigori Mura (aka The Sake Milkshake), and eclectic-sized our Samba Strip and Neo Tokyo rolls because we like a drop kick in our aguacate culture. Gochisosama.BIG Japanese bows & Brazilian butt jiggles also for: -Yellow Tail Taquitos-Peru's corn kernels (my people call it maize)  -Tataki Skewers- No Blue Fin Tuna until they won't be extinct. We vote they also "Pass on the Sea Bass" which is also over-fished.  ( I blame these species for being so tastey.  Why do they tempt me?  My flesh is weak.)Special thanks to Hayes for getting la cuenta put on my room and the Ranchera banda in the back.  Hayes puts the eclectic in eclectricity!
3	Cool environment, but nothing special about the drinks or service.
4	Sushi Samba has a pretty delicious menu. I am a big fan of the variety they had to offer. The sashimi was extremely fresh, each bite was a taste of buttery heaven! The foie gras roll was one my favorite for the night along with the tuna and salmon sashimi pieces. The place is yes, pricey but it was an experience.. =)
5	Yes I know, 5 stars is saying a lot.  And of course no business is without some faults.  But . .. First is the genuine creativity of the food.  Amazing.  They meld some crazy combination of Japanese, Peruvian, Brazilian and Freaking sexy.  I don't know.  But every dish, and we had MANY, surprised the palate.The manager was caring and even offered us a free starter.  Some little piece of ocean life on top of a finely chopped pile of garlic and green things . . . outrageously good.Then the waitress, Luara, started telling us stories.   About the foods and origins of dishes.  About the little stuff (this black salt on the filet is from . .. and one of the four seaweeds you just had was made from algae not seaweed .. . ) and on and on.  And this angel waitress has a passion for food and takes joy in making our time special.  I'll stop here, but she was so good at being THERE with us. How often do you get that treatment and it's not being faked?The table next to us had some kind of drink tower.  Little tiny wine glasses on a metal tree full of different drinks and lit up from the bottom.  Fun.  Prices reasonable and maybe the crowd a little wild, but it was in The Palazzo in Vegas, what do I expect!?  This place is hidden= hunt for it!!!
4	3.5 stars. For a party of 2, we ordered:Yamato roll: tuna, foie gras, osetra caviar, gold leafTuna tatakiUni nigiri (6 orders: only 1 piece per order)Hamachi sashimiYamato roll was expensive and small. I can understand why it's expensive but the price wasn't worth paying. I absolutely love tuna, foie gras, and caviar so that's why we ordered it.....but all those together on a roll just wasn't to my liking.Tuna tataki was above average but nothing to rave about. Every place puts their own spin on tuna tataki. So, me being the tuna lover that I am...we had to try it. I've had better. It wasn't memorable.Hamachi sashimi was suprisingly fresh. We were hesitant to order it because we were thinking Las Vegas wouldn't have fresh fish. We were surprised.Uni nigiri was the best I've EVER had anywhere so far. VERY surprised! Also liked the nori (seaweed) around the uni because it wasn't too chewy. They don't put wasabi in the middle which is a plus for me since I don't like wasabi.The good: 1.5 stars for the uni alone, 1 star for the fun atmoshphere, and 1 star for the large menu selection. The bad: wait time, tables too close together, and it's a bit pricey for what you get.
4	I like this place. I stopped by late on a Saturday night. It was pretty crowded but we we're seated in less than 5 minutes. The DJ did a good job priming up the atmosphere. We ordered the Teriyaki Chicken, 3 Meat Entree, with some nigiri on the side. Although, the Teri Chicken and Nigiri portions were small, the 3 Meat Entree made up for it. The steaks couldn't have been cooked any better. The Teri Chicken was average and I've had better sushi. The service was on point. Our waitress checked on us numerous times and kept our glasses filled. Nice place to grub before a night out.
4	Happy hour  = $6 Mojitos, Capirinhas, and select food.We ordered a few dishes for happy hour here and found some hit and miss. The wonderful ceviche with came topped with a fabulous salad. The salad dressing was heavenly: light sesame oil and just a hint of spice. The crunchiness of the salad balanced well with the slightly cooked fish.Besides the ceviche, the other dishes were not very unique. The sushi was uninspired and the squid was okay. Everything presented well.Try: Ceviche (They have several kinds)Skip: Sushi
3	Went there for happy hour on a Wed night. It was pretty dead by the time we got there. Didn't like the mojito...  Even though it was$6 only. The salt and pepper squid was good. Veggie tempura decent, chicken skewer was good and shrimp tempura roll was terrible. Service was pretty good.  Enjoy
4	Beautiful!  I was so excited to find out this place was in the Palazzo. I could have eaten there every meal. The space looks beautiful and the food was almost as good as I remember it from NYC. The El Topo roll was my favorite but the happy hour taco's and deals were pretty good as well.
3	I was surprised at the menu actually. I came in thinking sushi but then I saw the Brazilian items and I've been reading Peruvian too? Anyways, my feeling was that the sushi menu wasn't as extensive as it should have been. I mean, the restaurant name is Sushi Samba. Now that i think about it, I guess I shoulda paid a little more attention to the Samba in the name. :) The sushi I did have though was very good. The cocktails were ok too. I just wanted to be wowed and for almost $400 I don't think we were.
4	Being that this restaurant is a fusion of Peruvian, Japanese and Brazilian cuisine I was definitely interested in going there.  We ordered a bunch of dishes tapas style - Seabass with peruvian corn, Quinotto, Chicken Anticuchos, Yellowtail ceviche and El topo roll.  Food was pretty flavorful and creative,  being a true fan of peruvian cuisine it was a little off especially the ceviche but seabass with peruvian corn was the favorite all around.  Mixed drinks were great especially the Pisco sours and Caiprinhas.  Overall great place for tapas, most portions are small.
4	I really really enjoyed this place. We went with a group and had no idea what we were getting ourselves into. with around 8 people we basically just gave the waiter a set price and told him to pick stuff himself and let us try as much of a variety as we could. The lowest he could go was $40 a person which sounded fair to us. For the next hour and a half he brought out around 10 plates all with delicious things for us to taste. I was worried that no one would leave full but we all filled up pretty quickly and everything was beautifully made and tasted great!It's pricey but I think it's worth it. Next time I go, I will be prepared to drop more cash to get more food.I will never forget the sea bass. Ever. The waiter was great by the way. I don't remember his name but he's great with people, knows the food inside and out, and really made it a great experience for us. He's blond with curly hair, not too tall, and lean, not a big dude. try to get him if you can.
4	This place has some amazing unique food options on the menu. I am a HUGE sushi fan and tend to stick to the same things when I go places. This time my boyfriend and I decided to try some different things, best decision ever. Everything we had was scrumptious. His personal favorite was the Carnival Roll, the yellow seaweed wrap made the presentation even better. We also got the Neo Tokyo, which is like a spicy tuna roll but WAY better. The BoBo Brazil was one I had read about on here by another reviewer, which I am glad I did. The sauce on top really did the trick. We also go the Avocado Salmon Roll because it's my two favorite things put together!  I would recommend this place to any sushi lover who wants to try a little twist, and there are many other options on the menu.
4	Let's just say this place is sooo scrumptious! Their Bobo Brazil is my favorite! Mmm savory seared kobe beef in a roll can't get better than that. Definitely recommend their spicy tuna roll as well. I love the uniqueness of their hybrid menu it's different in a good way. Their service is also really good. Well, except for this one cocky waiter. He introduced himself at our table as, "the best and most wanted waiter in Vegas".... seriously?
5	My dad picked out this place to go to dinner when he was in town this weekend.  I had never been, and I love sushi, so I was totally ok with his choice.We arrived and looked at the menu, but ended up not needing it as we settled on the option our server gave to us... tell her our likes and dislikes, and they'd make a custom menu for us to try a bunch of everything.What followed was a lot of food that we would have never ordered... and we were delighted at the items they brought us.  Our favorite was the chilean sea bass, which was so tasty.  It came with peruvian corn, which is like huge overgrown corn.  We also really enjoyed the yellowtail seviche taquitos and the rock shrimp tempura, as well as a few of the numerous sushi rolls they had brought at the end.  And our meal also included giant crab legs, some peruvian sashimi, and at least one or two dishes I'm failing to remember.The music was a little loud and not to my dad's taste, but that's typical in Vegas.  The meal was definitely a unique experience, and we wouldn't have stumbled upon half the dishes without letting the chef do his thing.  I highly recommend you dine in this fashion if you visit Sushi Samba.
4	Great menu.  We had the server make us a tasting menu.  I highly suggest this.  I also asked for a cocktail suggestion and the server sent out a cucumber vodka drink which was great.  Food was very good, service was very good, and the ambience was very good.  Didn't give it 5 stars because I wasn't blown away.
1	This was hands down the worst dining experience I have EVER had. I chose this restaurant to celebrate a dear friend's 30th birthday because I had read numerous positive reviews online.The hostess who answered the phone was courteous and professional and we were able to get a prime reservation on a Saturday night. The good stopped there. Our server was unbelievably rude and unhelpful with the menu. His only obvious desire was to up-sell us on all of the choices we made. I understand the desire to up-sell, but there is a way to do this in a genuine less greedy manner. I would have ordered more drinks if he had even bothered to check on our table, but that seemed to be above him.The seaweed salad arrived and it was both mushy and very under seasoned.Then, the real culinary horror arrived: a plate of sushi samba's signature sushi rolls. One roll was topped with burnt foie gras that also tasted a rancid. I mentioned it to the waiter the one and only time he came to check on our table and he told me that, "Everyone else really likes that roll. I'll have to talk to my manager." ummmm???  Why wouldn't you offer me something else from the menu? Why would you let a patron leave dissatisfied?And that was the last time we ever saw him. It was as though we had offended him and for the rest of the evening he completely ignored us. We waited over 20 minutes for our check to come after the table had been cleared.  I almost got up and left. What an insult to have chosen a restaurant for such a special occasion and then to be treated so poorly.I would like to note that the bussing staff was excellent. They provided seamless clearing of our plates and refilling of our water.All in all, Sushi Samba I hate you for ruining such a special night.
4	Bachelorette party of 12 girls. I called to make reservations and they informed me on the phone that with a large party of our size, we would need to do a set menu. They said that the waiter would work with us on the day of to put together a menu to work around any restrictions we had. We were running a little late (you can imagine how that can happen with1 2 girls) so I called to let them know and they were very nice and accommodating. They said not to worry and that they would hold our table for us. We arrived at the restaurant and were seated at a big table in the back of the restaurant (the restaurant is pretty big). The table itself was huge and we had plenty of space between the 12 of us.So, between the group of 12, we had the following restrictions: one pregnancy, allergies to peanuts, shrimp, and shellfish. The waiter asked us what amount we wanted to keep it to and we told him to keep it around $50/person. We ended up with the following:+Otsumami assortment of edamame, green bean tempura, shishito - all delicious. The dipping sauce had truffle in it... who doesn't love truffles??+Berkshire Pork Gyoza - pretty good gyoza. Wasn't a big fan of the pumpkin dipping sauce..+Yellowtail Taquitos - delicious! +Sea Bass Anticucho and Chicken Anticucho - the sea bass was amazing (as everyone else has already mentioned). It is so buttery and melts in your mouth.+A ton of sushi rolls and some sashimi - pretty good... I would say their strength is in more of their cooked food than their sushi and sashimi. I always prefer sashimi over rolls because the rolls are usually too fusiony for me but the other girls loved them+Rio Grande Churrasco - 5 diff meats with 3 diff dipping sauces. Very good but so full that we couldn't eat muchService was great. We informed our waiter that we needed to be out the door by 9:30 PM and he made sure that the food just kept coming. By the end of dinner, we were so stuffed that we couldn't even eat all of the churrasco and had no space for dessert. We even came under budget by a little bit and were all way overly stuffed. Food was pretty good... but more than anything, it's a fun atmosphere that's good for groups. Would definitely go back with a large party.
1	No way. Their rolls are very dry and bad. They are expensive. Service is bad and slow. Their anticucho was pretty good, but other than that, everything was NOT good. Don't go here. I wouldn't recommend this place.
4	Ultra hip Sushi/Japanese restaurant with great TV's for sporting events.  The menu has tremendous variety.  Our waiter was a transfer from South Beach and was very enthusiastic.  He gave us multiple recommendations.  we started wtih the Sawagani or River crabs which were okay, but i would skip.  Eating these tiny crabs was like eating a few crunchy crackers with some lemon base coating.  I then had some yellowtail crispy taquitos which were very unusual with some very spicy, lemony sauce.  I would definitely recommend these.  I had the Samba sushi & sashimi assortment, which was very good.  In summary, the sushi and sashimi are very good here.  The restaurant is a little pricey, but not for Las Vegas.  The atmosphere is really fun, and the service is great.  I definitely look forward to my next visit.
4	Wow - talk about a great Japanese experience.  They have a tremendous variety of hand rolls and maki and will customize it if you don't want it. I ordered Kobe beef and they bring a hot rock for you to cook it on with all kinds of exotic spices and dips to try.  Great service, modern - pricey, but the store across the way from it was selling $800 jeans - what do you expect at Pallazzo.
4	You must try the miso glazed sea bass.  OMG! like butta!! Melts in your mouth!! See the pic. The glaze is sweet but not too sweet then BAM! you get that soft, buttery, tender-falling-apart-in-your-mouth sea bass. We tried the sampler split amoung a group of ladies, but this IS the dish. This is the most impressive dish here.  The bathrooms are cool too with grafitti art. The food's ok overall, but it seemed like they served both cuisines more than a fusion of the cuisines.
5	Amazing food, excellent service, open atmosphere with a trendy feel and even a nice bathroom!  There were 7 of us and everyone was happy with their food.  They bring out your food as it is ready, which worked quite well and we did not feel rushed at all.  They also have a fun drink menu. The menu has a lot of options for sushi and non-sushi treats.  There is a lot to choose from and it's nice to get a few different things to try.  Everyone at the table ordered different things including shrimp, chicken, duck, beef, soup, sushi etc etc etc.  There was not a complaint from anyone, not even the super foodies! I had the yellowtail tiradito and it was an incredibly flavorful appetizer.   The Pacific roll with king crab, asian pear and a wasabi-avocado crema was excellent.  It was a generous size and it was different than your typical sushi offering.  I highly, highly, highly recommend the sea bass & miso skewers.  The texture is perfect and the flavor is spectacular!  Three of us ordered it and left not a crumb on our plates.Takeaways?  Fast all day.  Go to Sushi Samba in the Venetian/Palazzo.  Drink fun drinks.  Order a la carte and enjoy the options.  Eat the sea bass or you are missing out.
5	This place was great. The food was amazing and the service was excellent. Very friendly and attentive staff for a Vegas restaurant where they know they'll have business.  I had the BoBo Brazil roll, (which was excellent), the spicy tuna roll and the Yellowtail Jalapeno. All the fish was fresh and tasted great. The Brazil roll was awesome. Another plus is they don't serve Blue Fin Tuna which is becoming extinct from human consumption of course. It's good to know that some restaurants try to help out. An overall great experience at a restaurant.
3	A group of friends and I ordered from the Chef's menu, where you tell the waiter your likes and dislikes so that the chef can create a dish suitable and substantial to your likings. We decided for the 60-80 dollars a person menu.. So after purchasing $100 dollars a head for dinner, I've decided that the only great dish they had was the Kobe beef taco; which wasn't even for us. It was for the birthday girl. I should've said I don't eat fish.
4	I've been here several times, and the food keeps me coming back. I LOVE the concept (Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian fusion), and the atmosphere is definitely trendy. Food is amazing. Service tends to be a hit or miss. Not too sure why they let their hosts wear flats and flip flops to work either in a multi-million dollar Vegas resort... just saying.My favorites from the menu:- green bean tempura w/ truffle aioli (I LOVE TRUFFLE)- shishito peppers- mushroom toban-yaki- veggie kun roll- agedashi tofu- shiitake mushroom w/ hijiki seaweed salad- coconut soup for dessert. A savory, light, well-balanced dessert** Before I gave up meat/fish, my faves were the miso-marinated Chilean seabass, spicy tuna roll, and organic chicken and smoked teriyaki skewer. I didn't forget about you guys!If you want excellent service, request Dayn as your server. He is on point, very knowledgable about the menu, and very attentive. Did I mention very courteous?
4	Excellent food, but it comes at a price. My boyfriend and I came here for what was supposed to be a light lunch, but we spent over $80 and still left hungry! But it's Vegas, and it certainly wasn't the most expensive restaurant we came across. The menu didn't have as many sushi options as we expected- just the basics and a small list of specialty rolls. But there was a good variety of other fusion dishes, which seems to be the restaurant's main focus.My boyfriend started off with the sawagani, which is flash fried Japanese river crabs. Basically, they're small (~1 inch) fried crabs that you eat whole. There was no way I was touching those things! I had the tuna tataki, which was very fresh and came in a tasty sauce.  We shared the rock shrimp tempura, which came in larger sized pieces, and the spicy tuna roll. Both tasted fine. For drinks, my boyfriend tried one of their shochus (not soju), a Japanese drink similar to sake but tastes like vodka. Prices ranged from $10-15 a glass, and it was pretty potent for a lightweight like me.Service was great. Our server was attentive and had no problem explaining the items on the menu. Atmosphere-wise, the interior has a nice, modern decor, but the music is really loud, and the lighting is very dim. Overall, we had a good dining experience, and I would recommend trying this place if you have some money to spend!
2	For the price we paid, I expected so much more in the taste department.I eat sushi on the regular, and was expecting something new, delicious and exciting out of Samba Sushi. A local recommend us to try this spot, so we did. Spent over $150 for two people and this is what our meal consisted of:- Two miso soups- Two seaweed salads- Two rolls- Two cocktailsEnd of story, not worth the money at all. Now I don't mind spending a pretty penny for something downright tasty, this was far from it. Everything was so mediocre and bland. I left hungry, pissed and wanted to knock out the guy who suggested we piss away our money on this place.
4	My opinion/side note - I dont think its their sushi that makes this a good place to eat. But its the dishes that are not other sushi restaurant menus that makes it worth the cost.This place is really good, only if you order the right things, because ordering something bad can cost you a pretty penny. I have been here twice and the 2nd time was much better because we all knew what we liked. The Chilean Seabass on the Robata Grill section was probably my favorite rendition of Chilean Seabass. Our waiter said the Robata grill costs $1000 a day to operate? something like that. But wow it was good. You have to order off of this part of the menu if you are a fan of grilled food.Probably the only time I felt like a winner in Vegas all weekend, just playing, kinda, lol.The Yellowfin taquitos were so unique, and the foam chili sauce that came with it was the perfect compliment.El Topo - good but not great. Table loved it though.Rock shrimp tempura with black truffle aoili - if I ever make my dream of opening up a restaurant come true - this will be the first item on the menu. WOWWWW. It made a shrimp convert out of 1 the people at our table. But really how can u not like shrimp?-P
4	Sushi Samba is probably one of a better sushi restaurant in Las Vegas except its ridiculously expensive.  The sake we love is more than $350 a bottle but it does have quiet a selection here.  Our favorite is the kobe beef on the rock.  Its simply awesome and beautifully presented.  The raw lobster sashimi is always good.  However the oysters this time was not sweet at all.  If you don't mind paying way way way too much for sushi, then Sushi Samba does have good quality of fish.
3	I really don't have much to say, since I grabbed a quick bite here for lunch. I had the shrimp tempera and salmon and avocado roll. Both were great - they tasted very fresh. The prices couldn't be better - $14 for lunch. The decor is cool - I know this sounds odd - but if you visit you have to check out the bathrooms - they are super cool.The only thing I didn't like was that they didn't have that many signature/special rolls. They probably had about 5/6 different options when it came to special rolls and they seemed a little to far out there. Not what I would want included in my sushi. But then again, I am just a beginner, so maybe I am not open minded enough when it comes to sushi. Guess you will have to go visit and decide for yourself. Don't worry, it's worth the visit.
5	Great atmosphere and awesome service!  Our server was VERY knowledgeable about the menu and she explained how to order.  She saw the confused look on our face and said "let me know your preferences, your budget and I'll put together a menu for you".  We all agreed that was the way to go.  She picked a GREAT combination of appetizers, sides and entrees for us to try along with a large plate of sushi.  We were all impressed with the food choose and were very happy with her selections. Here are some highlights of the dishes we tried....The sashimi taquitos.  Lightly friend corn tortilla stuffed with various sashimi with a great salsa.The pork gyoza with a sweet pumpkin sauce.  FRICKEN DELICIOUS!Skewered sea bass marinaded in miso.  YUMThose are just a few dishes that stood out for me.  Definitely will be back.
4	Fresh sushi and friendly service. Food was served without utensils and that's a pet peeve of mine. Had a great Bloody Mary. Overall good experience.
5	I had the chance to go back this past weekend and got a completely  different experience the second time around at Sushi Samba. After a fun filled weekend adventure in Vegas, we decided to give SS another shot. It was my cousin's birthday, and we figured we would stop by for a farewell Vegas-Birthday dinner. We stayed at the Venetian, which made SS a stone throw away. We couldn't have came at a better time, the environment was so much more personal than the time before. I highly recommend avoiding peak dining hours if possible. This will give you time to enjoy your meal while getting some extra attention from servers. Since we arrived at around 4pm on a Sunday, the timing was perfect. Our party grabbed a couple dishes and shared them all. This was the perfect way to sample everything. We started our mission into Japanese/Peruvian/Brazilian adventure with...Otsumami: A mix of three appetizers. Edamame, Fried Green Beans, and Grilled Shishito Peppers. My absolute favorite was the Shishito Peppers. They were doused in sea salt and lemon, and one out of every couple were spicy. Perfect mix to the subtle hues of the Edamame. Yellowtail Seviche: Little tiny tacos filled with a mixture of yellowtail, onions, avocado and a side of chile sauce. These little babies packed a flavorful punch!Next up was the Smoked Alaskan King Crab Leg: Wood fired, served in the half shell, perfectly cut and smothered in a signature sauce. These were so delicious and just melted in my mouth like butter!Round four, Peruvian Bay Scallops: Served in the shell as well, perfectly cooked. You can tell that they know how to prepare their seafood because everything tasted so fresh. This was my cousin's favorite dish and her first time ever trying scallops. Then came out the Rock Shrimp Tempura. We could hardly eat anymore, however we asked for the most flavorful, scrumptious items, and intended on finishing them! After that, the Yellowtail Sashimi. It had spicy blended orange sauce on it, that was the perfectly paired with the fish. My personal fave of the night. Make sure to order a signature cocktail while you are there. We had a couple (after all, what kind of birthday is complete without drinks?), and the one that really stood out was the Chu-Cumber. It was like you were drinking the most exquisite cup of tea mixed with the cool tones of cucumber, all while getting a little buzz on. My taste buds are so happy that I gave Sushi Samba another shot. The best part was, management remembered that it was my cousin's birthday, and brought out a little slice of carrot cake with ice cream and sparklers crowning the top. It was definitely a birthday dinner that we will all remember.
4	I'm always gonna be a fan of sushi sambaCame here late thanks giving night for 2nd dinner. Glad they were open since most places closed early.Friends got steaks, sushi, rolls, sashimi....I got eggplant and mushroom toban? i think.. IT was absolutely delicious. Along w a bottle of good sake
3	I liked the ambiance of this place. I particularly enjoyed the menu selection and the Salmon, mozzarella roll with crispy onions on it. It was so delicious that I took a picture of the menu, so I could try to recreate it at home. The presentation was nice too. Thanks for making an evening in Vegas fun!
4	Awesome sushi and very unusual! They use mango, spicy peppers, fried onions even! Not traditional but great. Lao the cucumber martini yummy!
1	I hate to give such a terrible review, because the food was actually decent.  I went there during the Christmas holiday in '09 and got MASSIVE FOOD POISONING!!!  My poor mom had to stay in the room with me the whole weekend because I couldn't stop throwing up after the meal I had here, making me miss the show I had tickets for.  Even worse was having to sit for 4+ hours on the ride home back to LA while I felt this way.  I can never go back there for obvious reasons.
4	I've eaten at Sushi Samba before in NY and I'm a fan therefore I did not hesitate to eat here again for lunch when I was in Vegas.  The food did not disappoint.  Sushi rolls were fresh and yummy.  We had the kobe and lobster.  My choice of cocktail raspberry watermelon was refreshing.  Our server was friendly and knowledgeable.  Pricey but definitely worth it.
5	Not only is this my favorite sushi place, this is my favorite restaurant ever. We tried a little of everything and I love how they had a fusion of so many different foods, it was amazing. The waitress was really great and helpful with suggestions on usual favorites. Some I would try is the tempura green beans, the Gyoza, and the Bass scewer. If you are adventurous I would recommend the roll with mozzarella, it sounds weird but is Oh so Good!  The drinks were delicious too, I had the Samba Juice which tasted so unbelievable, If you are in Vegas this is a must!
4	A very good concept in terms of the fusion. A relaxing atmosphere and very good food.
5	Blend of Brazilian, Peruvian and Japanese cuisines and they still get it right! The yellowtail seviche is amazing and the yamato roll with foie gras was to die for. This is a ridiculously awesome restaurant for those who are not afraid to try new fusions of ethnic foods...I mean, how often do you get to have sushi and seviche in the same meal?? If you are in Vegas and you do not go then you missed out on one of the main attractions!!
4	Chilean seabass skewers with miso - absolutely delicious!  The jumbo shrimp with passionfruit ceviche -- original and delightful.  My husband's favorite dish was the tuna tataki .  We came here because I had a taste for sushi and it was the highest ranked by Yelpers.  When we arrived, the bar atmosphere caused us to question the Yelp reviews but after eating we agree.  The sushi rolls aren't that great (we tried the Samba Strip and El Topt) but they weren't horrible.  The servers are familiar with the entire menu so if you don't have a specific taste for something, feel free to ask them for their suggestion. They'll have a ton.  Also, their drinks are good but lean away from being sweet.  I had to have them muddle more sugar and mint to flavor up my drink a little more because it just tasted like rum with a little mint when they first brought it out.  This is a tapas place so you can easily order 4 plates per person which can get pricey.  But highly recommend for their Chilean sea bass skewers.  I haven't had sea bass this good since G. Garvin's Restaurant in West Los Angeles closed a few years ago.  Outstanding.
5	Service was the only issue....food was so on! Must get gyoza and mango-taco dessert!!
4	I wish we could have ordered more food.  Their menu was extensive! We were only able to try their ceviche, one sushi roll, seared kobe and these taquitos.  They were all really good! Skip out on the lobster taquito though. That was everyone's least favorite.Other than that, had a lovely time here.  Food was great.  Def. coming back to eat again.  This time, I want to try the sea bass, which I was eyeing last time I was here.
4	When you first walk into Sushi Samba you would think its just a regular restaurant, but having them take you to the back area of the restaurant changes from being crowded to having it set to an intimate, dim ambiance. The restroom is also dim. I like the presentation they had in the bathroom. Lotion, candies, napkins. What more can you ask for.The service was good  overall.Our server was attentive throughout the entire meal and making suggestions on our selection of foods. Its a fusion mixed with Japanese, Brazillian, and i dont remember the other one. Sorry....We had ordered this shoju drink when it came out everyone was surprise because all the shots was on a drink tree. Nice presentation!!Food was good. First time eating Sashimi... Will i ever eat anything raw? Maybe.
5	Love this place. I forgot what dishes were popular but don't hesitate to ask your waiter or waitress what's their popular dish because EVERYTHING was good on the menu since I am a huge sushi fan and food. Super satisfied! :)
1	Overview: Good food, terrible service and incredibly overpriced even by Vegas standards.  This is one to avoid unless you're really desperate for expensive sushi and/or punitive omasake.Food:The food was good.  Sushi Samba offers a unique but odd blend of Japanese and Brazillian cooking.  The menu explains that there are Japanese people who live in Brazil but that doesn't explain how sushi and mashed purple potatoes go together.  My wife and I wanted to order eel.  On the menu it said $6 for eel.   At most sushi places an order would be two pieces.  At SS an order is ONE piece.  I've eaten at some very high end sushi places, none would dare charge this much for eel.  The rest of the fish was similarly overpriced.  Rolls with four pieces were hitting $20, it was crazy.That said, the eel was pretty good as was everything else I ate.  The oyster,  was good but cost the almost the same as the eel ($4 each).  My main course was a well cooked piece of chicken with an excellent purple mash.  I tried several other dishes and it was the only one I'd think of ordering again.One veggie friend opted for the omasake and ended up leaving as hungry as he arrived.Service:The service was unbelievably bad on every single level.  Our server was nowhere to be found, we literally had to beg her to come back to our table and take our money.  The food came out at a pace unseen before.  Some items took over an hour to make.  Things like fish, which probably cooked for only five minutes.  Sushi took almost as long, even the simple to make stuff.  The waitress came by to explain that things would come out as they're ready because they have three kitchens.  Come to think of it, she said that to us at least six times.  Maybe they should have one kitchen that functions properly.At this snails pace the waitress still managed to screw things up, ordering me the most expensive oysters when in fact I had ordered another kind.All this pales in comparison to my friend who said he was a vegetarian and, at the pleading of the waitress, agreed to "trust her" and let her select things he'd eat.  He wasn't a vegan, but a vegetarian.  He ended up with a large plate of vegetables covered in teriaki sauce.  That was his dinner.  How pathetic. Atmosphere:This place gave me a headache.  There were odd silent film strips running on the walls, insane colors all over the place and the typical loud Vegas roar in the background.  Of course there are few color palates I can stomach for that length of time.Value:This place was the worst value of any place I ate on my trip.  I spent $125 for two people and left feeling hungry.  High end sushi places rarely charge the prices this place charges and considering this was a step above "Rock n' Roll Sushi" they have no right to be charging these amounts for what are basic items.  The friend who ended up with the plate of vegetables still had a $40 bill for himself.
2	First impression as you walk in -- who turned out the lights? The restaurant is very dark which seems to be a general theme in Vegas. But even for Vegas, this was club dark (and loud as well) and hardly appropriate for a restaurant in my opinion.We let the server order for us -- we had a large group and trusted the server to make some of the better recommendations, cost no object. The ingredient quality seemed, overall, above average with the exception of what appeared to be farmed salmon. Farmed salmon is not preferred even when cooked, let alone as sushi. Other fish selections, fortunately, seemed better -- not exceptional, but better than average. But in an absolute sense, the fish quality and selection was definitely not on par with the outrageous pricing that seems so ubiquitous in the Palazzo.Before I go on, I have to mention that service was impeccable.The most disagreeable aspect of this dinner was that, even if high quality fish was being used, you couldn't tell given that it was all served fraken-sushi style. Everything was drowning in some sort of sauce and/or combined with other mismatched ingredient so that the finished product is something only frankenstein's monster would find palatable. Motainai -- what a waste of fresh fish -- this completely misses the point of sushi / sashimi.The good: I didn't order any wine, but they seemed to have a large selection of sake -- from various 'appellations' and a good representation of amakuchi to karakuchi. Some well known, some more esoteric. But it seemed like a pretty good list, especially for the US, in a quick scan (again, in the dark).I would venture back for sake sampling (assuming that they have a good selection by the glass, not just by the bottle). But I wouldn't go back for the franken-sushi. (you may ask why I went in the first place -- I was actually interested in Brazilian food for dinner; I misunderstood the theme of the restaurant as there were no Brazilian food offerings).
5	I am writing this review based on what I had. The Bobo brazil and the El topo roll was sooooooooo good! They are not huge so you can just pop one piece at a time and it's like heaven in your mouth. All the flavors and textures just worked so well together. I am not a big sushi eater but I would come back here the next time i'm in vegas. The miso sea bass was awesome also. I got drunk off of one strawberry mojito cause they made them so damn strong here
2	I received a gracious and professional response to my review from SushiSamba. I wanted to take a moment to clarify my review lest the masses get the wrong impression given the critical aspects of my opinions.First and foremost, the quality of ingredients, the preparation and the service of the staff was impeccable. I'd like to repeat once more that the staff was excellent -- quick, anticipatory, professional and went out of their way to make our experience welcome and enjoyable.They have an amazing list of sake and wine; one I'd like to investigate and sample from more deeply. And the bartender(s) know how to mix drinks -- great tasting, proper ratios and not too strong or weak, just great flavor.That the sushi/sashimi was not to my preference should not be misunderstood as not enjoyable to others. The restaurant was still trying to seat a long waiting list well beyond generally accepted dinner hours (perhaps the late night supper club after seeing one of the many shows in Vegas?). The success of SushiSamba is obvious given the strong following and customer base. And I'd like to try their Brazilian offerings. But my preferences for sushi/sashimi, no matter the quality of ingredients, lie with a different style of preparation.
3	went here on a date. first impression, "where the heck are we going to sit and how am i going to hear what she is saying to me?!?!' visual: HUGE bar setting...to my surprise the hostess walks us past the 'HUGE bar setting' and takes us to the back of the house which is a little more secluded and quite. for the most part we only ordered sushi and it was De-LiSH! the service on the other hand... that's where the 3 stars come in. definitely a good place to pre-bar and hang out with the homies. as far as a first date, maybe not?!?! despite the rating, i can't wait to go back and try the rest of what sushi samba has to offer.
2	Sushi was good but the service was pretty bad. The sushi prices seemed reasonable but then we realized it was the price per piece of sushi!
1	Since writing this review I've received two e-mails from Sushi Samba employees suggesting I return and that they are genuinely sorry that I had a bad experience and are sure it won't repeat.  My question is:  Where was this level of service when I was eating there?Like hell I'm going to spend another hundred something dollars for them to prove to me that they don't suck.
3	I really like this place! We were tired from walking around and shopping, and craved a light snack. A lot of things were really heavy, so we decided that sushi was a safe bet. Not knowing anything about that place, we went there sort of on a limb.I went there on a quiet day at an unconventional time (prob around 3PM), so it wasn't bustling with people and loud chattering. There were probably at most about 5 other tables that were occupied with diners. It's dim-lit and all the interior designing seemed to fit a sort of cool, mellow, and dark color scheme. Very relaxing..Our waitress was a very nice girl. She was knowledgeable, very attentive, and very sweet. She was working during the holidays, and if she hated every second of it...well, we really couldn't tell. I asked her for suggestions on rolls, and her suggestions were great.Although their sushi rolls aren't exactly traditional, they were really unique. Flavorful, but light. Just what we were looking for! I got a nontraditional roll that was wrapped in a sort of pink-ish rice paper rather than seaweed, and I just felt so healthy and nice eating it. What a relief from eating something something so refreshing! One pleasant little perk was that when I asked for green tea, we had the option to have it iced or hot. Maybe I'm biased because I was tired from walking around all day, but man. That iced unsweetened green tea was so perfect.As for the price, I reviewed the menu and realized that yes, it's a little expensive, but what else could you expect for Vegas? I guess it's motivation for you to go back out there and win your Avocado Rolls worth back!
3	Meh. I came here for a bachelorette party dinner with a group of 7 girls. I liked my dish alot (sea bass) but wasn't really feeling any one else's dish. The pork belly skewer was good too but everything else was very forgettable. Nothing bad, but nothing outstanding. It's a fun place to go with your friends and the prices aren't as steep as some of the other "nice" Vegas restaurants. Service was great too because they brought out free dessert for the bachelorette without us asking.
4	A bit expensive since in the hotel but the bar staff rock and the sushi is not bad.
4	We were staying in the Palazzo and really wanted sushi so we came here.Definitely get the family style recommendation option. Basically, you tell your server what you like (like yellow tail, tuna, avocado, pork, miso, etc.) and a budget, and they bring out family style dishes within your budget that they think are matched with your favorite ingredients.This was amazing - we wouldn't have ordered many of the things they gave us.Definitely ask for some sushi, and definitely ask for miso-braised sea bass - this was the best item we had!!!!!Otherwise, just let the kitchen do the work for you. The surprise element is great too. If you don't like a dish, the kitchen takes it back with full responsibility too, which is great.There's two areas to sit in, the front area near the entrance and the "sugar cane" room in the back. We got sat in the latter, and it was much cooler than the front. Quieter, a little darker, and more "exclusive" seeming than the front.
4	Sashimi sounded good for a late dinner so I decided to give Sushi Samba a try. I chose to sit at the sushi bar which there were only a couple of people. The sushi bar layout is unusual due to that the chefs are stationed above the sushi bar and you don't interact with them. The friendly waitress introduced herself and took my order. I went with the Sashami comb - see it: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=Z2C_rr-A-LC9I6dcDmXUKA The sashimi was decorated beautifully on the bed of ice, was really tasty and fresh. There was several large parties going on and it was some body's B day - they were really sauced and kept singing happy birthday. Other then that annoyance I enjoyed how the restaurant was decorated. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying some of their fusion dishes.
2	Was in vegas for the super bowl and made reservation at Sushi Samba Saturday night.  The menu looked interesting and I love sushi.  The decor is pretty cool, and as other people have posted it is loud, but that didn't bother me.  Our waitress was asian and very hard to understand.  Is it too much to ask that I understand our server?  We asked for help on the menu, but she was useless.  We ordered some sushi and grilled beef.  The sushi was totally average which was a major disappointment.  They messed up our order and brought us grilled chicken.  Took forever to get our beef.  The drinks were good, but again took forever.  It wasn't even that busy.  Couldn't wait to get out of there....
5	Whenever I go to Vegas, I always go to SushiSamba. The fusion is amazing, mixing sushi and Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine, and I would recommend the dish called El Topo...FABULOUS. The best part is that if you do not like a dish, they will take it back and bring you something else you request, at no charge. The music and atmosphere are lively, fantastic, and perfect before beginning a night on the town
4	The waiter recommended the tuna with foie gras and gold. I was intrigued and wanted to try this recommendation...The different rolls all come from different themed kitchens. Tuna, foie gras, and gold was definitely a fusion. But - he was right, delectable. Happy me on a post-party Sunday lunch before flying out of Vegas...
1	My husband and I made a reservation here on 2/10/11 for his birthday. Our reservation was for 6:45pm. When we arrived the restaurant  was maybe 40% full. We were seated at a small 2 person table, RIGHT next to another couple. There was maybe 4 inches of space between the tables. The hostess had to pull the table out so a person could sit on the bench side!!! The couple next to use was less than thrilled at 1) we were seated so close in a nearly empty restaurant  and 2) that thier food had taken way to long to come out. We got up and left. Totally unimpressed, will not try this place again, and will not encourage anyone else to eat there.
4	I had heard about Sushi Samba for a while and finally got a chance to try it.  It was definitely worth the try for it's unique blend of South American and Japanese flavors.  The meats (Kobe) and grilled fish (sea bass) are spot on.  The unique spices and flavors are really good.  Most of all, the rolls and sashimi (Otoro... drooolllll) were spot on, very fresh and very flavorful.
4	The wait was long, the drinks were cold, and the food delicious. The rolls were creative with a definite fusion of the two cultures represented. The three meat platter was also fantastic with superbly cooked offerings.
4	I was a little apprehensive about this particular twist on sushi - which was silly because the food was really good.  The wait staff was attentive and helpful with the menu too.  I sat at the sushi bar and was comfortable.  However, the way the bar is constructed, you are unable to view the chefs making the meal, which is a big part of the fun.  Anyway, after dinner a gentleman walked out of the kitchen with a tray of warm cookies and offered them up.  Very cool touch!
2	A lot of experience was dampened by the service.  We had a reservation and were seated relatively quickly, but it was a fair bit before our waiter showed.  Then a longer wait for menus, a very long wait for drinks, etc. etc.  This was earlier in the evening & the restaurant wasn't busy.  We overhead several tables making the same comment.  We were excited by the concept fo the food, but found it somewhat lacking and _way_ overpriced.  The drinks are good, but I'd skip this place in favor of some of the better choices nearby.
1	Most disappointing sushi, EVER. The sushi is priced per slice. And when it arrived, we were immediately saddened by the diminutive size. Even the rice was poorly apportioned. I would guess that the rive was maybe a teaspoon, if that. And the thinly sliced hamachi, sake, and unagi was not much bigger, literally, than a piece of gum. Way overpriced and undersized. The unagi was cold, not freshly cooked, more akin to something under a heat lamp. And sitting at the sushi bar itself was no joy. One orders from the waiter, not directly from the sushi chef.Other Palozo/Venetian high-priced restraunts give you service & food worth the costs, not Sushi Samba. Save you money, go somewhere else.
4	I had a sample of the tuna, yellowtail, and salmon in a different sauce and I must say it's quite amazing.  As I enjoy every bite of the fish I tried to dissect the sauce that was delicately woven into the fish; which was rather refreshing.  The sea bass miso is also a must try; it's paired with a Brazilian corn that was the sized of a penny so big and tasty.  If you like sashimi order the sashimi platter it's a better deal than ordering by the piece. The decor is modern and very energetic.  A little of pizazz and lust.  I always adore coming here.
5	SushiSamba...... where do we start????   Ok, lets start with the first thing that was delivered... its my neverfail when I go for sushi....  Spicy Tuna Roll....   even if the tuna isnt the highest of quality somewhere, the spicy tuna roll isnt half bad because of the spicy mayo.....   ok...   Sushi Samba Version is HANDS DOWN THE ABSOLUTE BEST SPICY TUNA ROLL I HAVE EVER HAD..   woah, time to calm down about it....  The sushi roll literally melted in my mouth, the tuna was uber fresh, the spicy mayo was applied in moderation let his presence be known....   this thing was absolute perfection....  Everything else we ordered was great, not to the perfection level of the spicy tuna roll, but it was still GREAT.  Wayyyyy better than good.  Had some yellowtail roll, oh yeah a $36 Kobe Beef sashimi roll with some deliciousness baked into it, JUMBO Shrimp - straight from the ocean fresh...   Some Japanese beer, some of this some of that, an hour later and $200 tab we emerged with smiles from ear to ear....   I had always heard good things about the place, but until I experienced it for myself, could never truly know how great it actually is.  I will be going back shortly, even if its only to order the spicy tuna roll...   I would trust that everything they have there would be to the quality in which i encountered in my meal.... Fear Not Yelpers... this place will treat you right....
4	My boyfriend and I were in Vegas and happened to eat at Sushi Samba.  We ordered 3 different sushi rolls (forgot which ones, but we got one of the special rolls for sure).I'd go back to this place, a bit pricey but it's really good!
5	Rock shrimp appetizer is amazing. Best sushi I've eaten to date.
3	Expensive. But what isn't in this town? If you are looking for a cheap sushi fix- you probably would be better off going to a sushi joint off the Strip and in one of the nearby neighborhoods. There you won't be paying for the flashy bartenders, security guys mumbling into their little mouthpieces or the slew of hostesses that guide you through the hip ambiance to your table. But if it's ambiance you're after with a little sushi thrown in for good measure? Check out Sushi Samba. The throbbing pulse of the music, the dim lighting, and the modern seating all add up to one "happening " place. Located in the Palazzo hotel, Sushi Samba is a "sushi fusion" restaurant so know before you go that you can find Brazilian and Peruvian food as well on the menu. I was looking for a casual, low key night out and by sitting at the bar I got it as I was able to watch the parade of "pretty people" go in and out of this place in their "club wear" as I sipped my drink and ate my sushi. The sushi was good although nothing really stood out for me. They also had 3 kinds of raw oysters on the menu which, at $4 each add up quickly so be sure to do the math before you order a couple of dozen! Service was good. The bartender kept an eye on me and my food came up quickly and efficiently. The price for 2 drinks ($13 each) 2 rolls, 4 oysters and a piece of sashimi? $75. Like I said . . . pricey but good. So if it's a evening out that you want, with a little sushi on the side- Sushi Samba is your place. But know that you are paying for the atmosphere, the service, and the convenience of being only steps away from those slot machines that beckon with every ding!
3	Located in the upstair area of the Palazzo... Ate here a few months back. I LOVE Kobe beef, so I got their Kobe beef Tobayaki... and it just wasn't for me... BUT their varieties of sashimi and samba rolls with the Brazilian and Peruvian flavored sauces were really good! Next time I eat here, I will just focus on that... and not be a loser and blow $80-$100 on a dish that I didn't like that much.  o_O Talk about losing money in Vegas...
4	Okay . . . Sushi Samba came up another star in my book all due to bartender extraordinaire- JEN! On another visit here- Jen took such great care of me- suggesting her favorite items on the menu, making sure my glass was never empty and most importantly- recognizing me from my last visit (how do bartenders do that?), that I just had to move this review up a notch. The food was still good (kumomoto oysters tonight- delicious!), the drinks, well poured- but the friendliness and spirit of one bartender named Jen made all the difference in this visit. Must be that she moved out here from Illinois!Thanks Jen! See you on my next trip to Sin City!
4	the atmosphere is cool: like what i imagine some urban japanese hot spot to be, haha. check out the mural on the wall--it'll keep you talking all night! they also had some video projector playing some cool clips on the wall. i loved it and the booths were big and round.i went here saturday night. at some point they brought out some dancing girls in skimpy outfits. i felt it was a tad out of place and noisy, but somewhat entertaining.i ordered the nina fresa, this delicious vodka cocktail with muddled strawberries. yum.our party ordered a lot of things. the sea bass skewers were to die for--definitely order some. i also enjoyed the jalapeno yellowtail. it was served with these large brazilian(?) corn kernels. the sashimi was good, too! those were the only dishes i remember. oh, the neo-tokyo roll was super plain and required salty soy sauce to give it any taste. everything was good though, not amaziiiiing.it's def a schlep to get here from the entrance of the palazzo, but worth it! i had a blast, but wouldn't have enjoyed it if i had to pay (but that's everywhere in vegas, no?).
3	I am a fan of the food! Everything I ordered was excellent especially the 3 meat platter. What I was not a fan of was how close the tables were to the other tables. I could seriously reach my chopsticks over to the next table and grab one of the sushi rolls if I wanted to. It was very annoying to be sitting that close to other tables and try to have your own conversation but be distracted with the next tables conversation. It made me eat my food quickly so I could get out of there fast! The food is really good tho, dont get me wrong. The atmosphere is so so. I would suggest for anyone to request a booth instead of table. You'll have a much more enjoyable dinner if you do.
3	The atmosphere is rad and the food is delicious. Some of the rolls seem a bit over priced but it is Las Vegas so that is to be expected. A friend and I shared a variety of rolls and all of them were delicious. I thought the tables were a little too close together. I felt like I was dining as much with the people next to us as I was my friend. I thought i might have to stab someone with a chopstick for eying my sushi! Great selection of sake. If you're willing to pay the extra money to eat here I generally think it is worth it.
4	This was a great sushi place that has a little something for everybody. The sashimi was fresh, the kobe beef was amazing ( i loved the kobe beef roll) the happy hour had real good deals. Overall this is a place Ill come back to next time Im in Vegas. A little pricey but this aint your local Dennys so stop complaining about the price of the food, your in Vegas at the Palazzo.
3	Sushi Samba is pretty tucked away in the Palazzo, the atmosphere is OK, service and bartenders were friendly and nice at the bar, and the food is pretty decent too.  It's also great that they have a happy hour menu from 4-7 Sun-Fri, BUT... my only gripe is that it's not really a happy hour menu if you discount items and then serve them 1/2 size, which is what I expect was happening since our portions were teeny tiny, the drinks were served in small glasses and then I saw the normal pint-size glasses that the same drinks were being made in to take to the tables. The mojitos were BOMB though. That said... the food was actually pretty good. We had the salt and pepper squid (yummy!), spicy tuna roll (small, and could've been spicier, but still good), chicken skewers, some others, and I also tried the Japan Relief Roll (all the money goes to Japan relief ppl, order it!) which was also really tasty - combo of spicy tuna, eel, wrapped in a soy paper wrap. It wasn't a bad way to spend $80 (ESP in vegas) but again, if you're going to advertise specials for happy hour, they should ACTUALLY be specials, not just 1/2 the plate for 1/2 the price. Nothing special 'bout that.
2	Wanted to love this place, but ended up very disappointed.   Food was overpriced and not very good and the service was bad.  Waitress seemed rushed and not very attentive.  My cocktail and the lady serving water and taking away our empty plates was the only reason this place got 2 stars.  She was awesome and sweet and the drink was very good.  OH, and did I mention that we found a hard dried booger in my husbands napkin.  SOOOO gross, and ruined my appetite.Bottom line...would probably meet the girls for drinks here, but not for food.
5	This place continues to impress!  This time while i was there I ran into a fellow Elite member which was both shocking and awesome!   I got the spicy tuna roll again and my friend ordered the Neo Tokyo roll....  Based on my previous review you know that I am a HUGE fan of the spicy tuna roll, and now you will know how much I loved the Neo Tokyo Roll... This has yellowfin tuna, tempura flake and aji panca and it is just purely fantastic.  There was so much going on with this roll that it hit you in layers.  With each one, I found something else that I liked even more about it.  If you are going here, these two rolls should be your top two.
4	YUM!  Everything we had was good.  There were a few confusions in our ordering b/c it was so loud.  Go with an empty stomach and an open mind.
5	OMG, is it possible to be this good?  3 times there now and 3 times I have been equally impressed.  One thing that has been a constant on all 3 visits has been the great service I received.  Our waiters always their menu's and made fantatsic recommendations.  This time I had the tempura greenbeans with a truffle oil dipping sauce (Delicous!), Berkshire Pork Gyoza and Rock Shrimp Tempura (at the recommend of our server)  Everything was well prepared and efficiently served.  Sushi Samba is now a place that I can truly call home for great Sushi.  As you can tell by my reviews, its safe to say that I am a fan.
5	My first Sushi Samba experience was in Miami, and I have been in love ever since. Fusion cuisine...hmmm, how about just delish cuisine??!!My all time fav menu items are:Sashimi tiradito - yellowtail, salmon: everything is so delicateSamba rolls - neo tokyo, bobo brazil, el topo, and rainbow dragon.  The rolls are not huge, actually prefer smaller rolls, difficult to fit everything into your mouth in one bite if the roll is 2 inches thick.Hot dish wise, try the Moqueca Mista, its to die for!  I always finish off my meals with this dish, never mind desserts!  Also, try this with a cocktail, I recommend the Caipirinha, my mouth is watering writing this review!
1	HELLS TO THE NOooooo!!!!!!!!!  This place does not even deserve my rating but I must warn the yahoo's out there that think it might be okay since it is in the Palazzo.  Group of six...all sushi enthusiasts from California...ready to throw down a great meal after a great show (BTW Blue Man Group Rocks!) The worst service EVAH! Why have three different kitchens if your servers cannot keep up with ONE!?  Ordered Sparkling saki Moon Rabbit...got Star Rabbit instead...mmmm...ok...BUT to have the nerve to treat me as if I didn't know which saki I ordered?! SHAME.  Then we look at the menu...Seriously? $6 for ONE piece of sushi? WOW!  I know I can get grade A sushi without the price elsewhere so I opted for a quasi-meal and ordered the Lobster for $25...knowing it was gonna be small, I figured I would try and get somewhat of a meal since my sushi bill alone would've been OFF the charts.  I was told it was the shell with three small pieces of lobster on top.  WRONG! I about fell over and died when I realized, after digging through the smelt eggs with my chopsticks, that there was NO meat!  NO LOBSTER MEAT whatsoever!!!  I went in again and picked up what I thought was meat and it was a piece of shell.  HOLY SHIT...they just served me lobster tail without meat...NO LIE.I sent it back and refused to order anything else since the rest of my party was almost done with their meal.  I was annoyed, hungry, and our check took a fucking century because our server knew she was getting her 20% no matter how shitty our experience.  BEWARE! This place is a sham and a sorry excuse for servicing people that are willing and ready to spend good money for a good meal.  I HATE the strip for that very reason.
5	If you're in the mood to drop about $500.00 for dinner for three, this is a great place to do it.  The highlights are cooking thin slices of Kobe Beef on a blazing hot rock, Sea Bass skewers, and the tempura Rock Shrimp.  Food and service is impeccable, albeit expensive.
4	Excellent happy hour specials!!!
2	this would 100% be a 5 star review if it weren't for the pushy obnoxious waiter :(We made it clear we just wanted a few rolls and apps...he continued to push us to have a full on meal and order super fancy expensive drinks... ALL WE WANTED WAS A FEW SUSHI ROLLS AND APPS....after about the 3rd time i said " we really just want a few rolls" he rolled his eyes in complete annoyance and snatched up the menus and walked away..EWWW..The Sushi was delish as always...but the service really ruined it for us!!!
3	Maybe it's because I've enjoyed many a meal at the Sushi Samba locations in NYC, and maybe because I was a little hungover from the previous nights festivities, but I was not overly wowed by lunch here with two of my lady loves with whom I was vacationing. One thing that is always a priority on vacation is food. It has to be, this is a break from the mundane life I leave behind, so why do I want to eat my standard weekly fare of life in the working world? I love sushi and because of it's nutritious nature figured this would be a great way to replenish all things lost to bottomless cocktails and greasy late night foods. I didn't partake in the consumption of any libations at lunch, but did hear that the mojito was pretty stellar.I ordered the trio seaweed salad that came beautifully presented on a three trayed dish of hijiki, wakame, and my favorite aka-tosaka. Each were lightly dressed with lemon and sidelined with some tomato caviar. Not terrible for a $11, but not overly substantial either. For lunch I ordered yellowtail jalapeno which was ok if not a little heavy on the jalapeno, and a spicy tuna that was all sorts of bland. I think I would have been happier enjoying these as a happy hour because it seems that the prices are a little easier to swallow for the quality of the food. I didn't order anything complex, and maybe they just let the "easy" stuff slide, but I wasn't terribly enthused enough to want to go back and give it a second shot to see just how good the rest of the menu is according to the higher ratings given.
1	If your large party is looking for a restaurant where you walk in hungry and leave just as hungry and unsatisfied while you were just taken for a crazy price...BY ALL MEANS - this Sushi/ Brazilian restaurant is for you! So their "concept" for a group of 8 guests....a waitress brings ONE menu for EVERYONE at the table. (Apparently there is a ration on menus at this restaurant). She happily tells you that you give her an "idea" of what you like and then SHE will decide what to bring to your table based off of what you tell her - the prices for this "family" style of ordering started at $50 per person and went up from there - NOT INCLUDING ALCOHOL OR DESSERT. WTH??? Oh, but you don't have to pay for something if you don't like it......supposably. As she brings these TINY portions out to our table for us to fight over, we soon realize that no one is really getting what they wanted and no one is satisfied with what she is serving us. Some liked certain items, but honestly, the bowls of white rice was the most filling thing we ate. Even the black beans were terribly under seasoned - how can anyone screw up black beans?? Remember the "if you don't like what she brings out, you don't need to pay for it" rule? Well, the minute you complain about not liking something, the waitress gives attitude and acts frustrated at your lack of ability to communicate what you want her to bring you.... when most of the table did not get a chance to even see the menu in the first place. After a meal that felt like we just ate at an Ethiopian Restaurant and still hungry, we chanced ordering a "large plate" dessert and some other people at our table ordered a "small plate" dessert. When the desserts come, our dessert was a VERY SMALL piece of cake on a VERY LARGE SAUCER PLATE.....and the our friends who ordered the small dessert was larger than our dessert, but on a SMALL PLATE....SO they didn't technically lie about the size of the plates, but lets just say they really need to rethink their menu and overall concept. Ultimately, we left the restaurant $75 each lighter in our wallets -( as the tip was already added for the crappy service we did get.)  and feeling like we should have all gotten a jar or lube on our way in as we all felt assaulted at the end of our meal.If I could have given a lower score, I would have! SUSHI SAMBA is a huge ripoff with crappy service and an even crappier concept. The one positive is the interior design of the restaurant was creative, which is the only thing positive I can say about ti, sadly.
2	The stars are for food quality and lush atmosphere, but that's generous.  The portions are small and, like everything else in Vegas, at least three times the price you'd pay back home.  The waitress was a nightmare.  I've met used car salesmen who are less pushy.  She raved about the chef's special menu, which was $50 per person.  When we blanched at the price, she hinted that *maybe* she could "work with us" on a "tasting" menu at $30 per person.  For $30 I want more than a frickin "taste", I was an awesome meal that will fill me up.  We had to ask her three times, point-blank, if we could see a menu and order just from the menu.  She grudgingly brought ONE menu for the two vegetarians (of a bachelorette party of 12).  I had to ask the busboy for menus for the rest of us.  When we ordered from the menu, she gave us a dire warning that the food came from 3 different kitchens and wouldn't arrive all at the same time.  She gave one last push for the tasting menu.  I would have walked out and complained to the manager if I hadn't been in a large party.  I ended up paying $15 for edamame and rice.  It tasted good, and all the other dishes looked great - but definitely not worth the hassle and abuse. SushiSamba seriously needs to retrain their staff.  Focus on improving the customer's experience, not on cramming your own agenda down their throats.UPDATE:  The General Manager contacted me to apologize, and has promised to discipline/retrain the servers who have been the cause of the numerous bad reviews on Yelp.  Even with improved service, I still wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone seeking to fill their bellies or get good value for their money.  If you're all about atmosphere and haute cuisine, then samba on down.
5	Sushi Samba is my absolute favorite place for happy hour while in Vegas!Three words to describe this place: chic, sexy, sushi. From their delicious and creative sushi rolls to their amazing drinks, I always enjoy myself here...and no matter what part of the strip I am at, I make sure I get to the Palazzo and get my Sushi Samba fix.My favorites here are the Berkshire Pork Belly with butterscotch miso, a Caipirinha, and the eel and avocado rolls.The service has always been great and the bartenders are friendly and informative. I love the concept of Latin and Asian cuisines colliding (i.e. Chifa in Philly) and I think they execute it perfectly.After a long, hot day at the pool parties, Sushi Samba is my go-to spot.
4	We came in for a bachelorette dinner and we were a group of 15. Our server, Max, was fantastic!  He got a feel for what we liked and suggested we do a "prix fixe" style dinner. Great idea! For $50 a person, we got some of everything. EVERYTHING was good.  I was so full, I couldn't even have any of the food that came toward the end.  The manager even gave us a "tree" of drinks on the house to help us celebrate! Definitely taking my husband here next!UPDATE 7/10/12This experience was a little lack luster compared to my first.  I did end up taking my husband here as previously mentioned.  I entrusted our menu choices to our server.  Not as impressed. Maybe I just didn't care for her choices as much as I did the first time with Max.  She ordered us these grilled chilies with lime, and they were just okay for me.  Little disappointed though, as I mentioned to her how much I liked the black truffle green beans and didn't get any.  I did tell her I didn't mind raw things, but I should've stopped right there because thats pretty much all we got after that.  The best things were the pot stickers with pumpkin puree and a couple of the sushi rolls.  Also, Peruvian corn was delicious! Next time, I'm gonna order myself so I know I'll like everything.
4	After writing my review on Sushi Samba, I got an email from the GM of the restaurant expressing his concern with my experience. It was very nice of him to take the time to contact me regarding my dining experience. I am a satisfied customer and will return to Sushi Samba in the near future.
4	I can depend on quality sashimi at Sushi Samba and yes you'll get the hip ambiance of Las Vegas with all the beautiful people working here and oh I forgot, the service is spot on. My order the sashimi combo and the Neo Tokyo Roll. The roll was made with blue fin tuna and was delish, check it out: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=WL4jo9fuQ5hwiDBCfj-DQQ Sashimi soo yummy and buttery tasting - served on a platter of ice. Sushi Samba I love ya, I'll be back to check out your happy hour.
1	Are you serious?!This restaurant is so ugly. There is absolutely no ambiance.The food is average. The prices are high. I just don't get it....def a mistake was made coming here.
5	I loved the dining experience here.  I came here with a group of 14 girls for a bachelorette celebration dinner a couple of weekends ago and we all loved the food, the customer service, and special treatment!The waiter offered a 3 course menu for $50/ person.  When the first 4 dishes came out, we were already full, but didn't realize that it was only the first course that came out.  It was amazing the amount of food we got and how good everything was for the price we paid for it.  We got the edamame, green been tempura with truffle sauce, some kind of a fried shrimp appetizer, hamachi tacos, squid, a platter of meats, a platter of sushi and sashimi, and we were even given complimentary shots presented aesthetically to the bride to be!  Great experience.  I have yet to try this place when dining for smaller groups of 2-4 people, but after this experience, I will definitely be back!  I'm hoping they offer the same $50/person type deal with a smaller group.
4	This place was amazingly delicious. Everything we got was creative and an absolute pallet pleaser.Sushi with mozzarella and salmon, sounds odd but you'll regret not getting it. I wish I could remember all the dishes we tasted, everything was spectacular. We even got a fancy chocolate dessert with white chocolate, dark chocolate and GOLD! It was heavenly.I like that they'll recommend food for you based on your budget and taste. That being said, the prices are pretty high for the amount of food you get, which is why I gave 4 stars. 3 of us ate for $130. But hey, its Vegas. Go big or go home.
2	Came here to grab dinner on a random day.  No special occasion.  My friend and I found the service average, the decor strange/ugly, and the food interesting/questionable.  It's supposed to be a Japanese/Brazilian fusion place.  I can see this place being a real pleaser for people who are not familiar with authentic Japanese or Brazilian food.  Being Japanese with a sister-in-law from Brazil, I found myself qualified to test the food out.  I think the only dish I got that I found myself satisfied with was the edamame....but it's pretty much impossible to mess edamame up.  My 7 year old niece can make it blindfolded.  I recognized that things might be bad from the start with the seaweed salad.  Wow was it awful.  Nice presentation but no flavor!!  It was so watered down that I couldn't even taste the seaweed itself.  I might as well have eaten gelatin with no flavoring.  It was THAT bad. I also got the red miso.  It was mixed with truffle oil and mushrooms.  I did not find the truffle oil mixed with the miso soup appetizing at all....the flavors just did not mesh for me.  The sushi was a bit too fusion for me....I found the flavors to not really complement each other.  I did order regular tuna sashimi just to get something with no fusion and more Japanese authenticity....the tuna quality was excellent but WOAH overpriced!  $4.50 for ONE piece of sashimi.  It was good but not THAT good.  The ramen was ok...nothing to talk about later.  As you can tell, we were not impressed.  We ordered an array of things expecting for something to blow us away, but we were disappointed.  $80 later, we headed home and looked for something on the way to satisfy our appetites.
5	We scheduled the Sushi and Sake tour.  It was $100 a person but COMPLETELY WORTH IT!!!!  You learned and tasted multiple Sakes and you learned how to make sushi roles.   The hosts were terrific.  The food was AMAZING!!!   In addition to the sushi and Sake, we were treated to appetizers and desert.   I love sushi and this experience and quality of food was at the top of the places I've been to.   100% recommend it!
2	The food was decently tasty even for a vegetarian like myself, and the decor was interesting to say the least. So why the 2 star you ask? Well our server of course, our happy-go-lucky, let me explain to you what we have grandeur of a waitress. I can understand if you hate your job and probably been dealing with rude customers all day. I get it. It sucks serving big group of pretty girls .....but, geeze give us a chance! I asked her what she would recommend as a vegetarian option- she responded "look at the menu, i don't know" It felt like we were almost catering to this women. "Should we even bother asking for our waters to be filled?" Goodness, Rude!Being that I came here two years ago, I could only hope this lady had found a job that is better suited for her..perhaps a bounty hunter or a bird watcher..The only reason there is more than one star is because I respect artistic food decor, and all the food served was a head turner for me!
5	I wasn't planning on going to Sushisamba while in Vegas, as we have a few in NYC and I never even bothered going to either of them. But we were wandering around the Venetian/Palazzo and we decided to go for it. What a pleasant suprise...everything was outstanding. There is nothing more fun than ordering a bunch of small plates and trying different things...which is why I love places like this and Julian Serrano...different cuisine...same concept. The aja sauce they give you for the lobster tacquitos is SLAM BANG delicious, the seared kobe small plate was A-ONE, everything else was great also...shrimp tempura, salt and pepper squid, oysters, foie/kobe roll with caviar and gold leaf was actually the weakest dish...I got it just because of the novelty aspect really.
3	If you've been to Miyagis on Sunset strip in Hollywood, it's like that but Vegas style. Sushi was decent - had better, had worse. Sake menu was pretty large. Really, it's an nightclub with a decent sushi menu for a nightclub. I'd go back with that in mind.
5	These 5 stars goes to the lady who was so damn good at her job by fulfilling every aspect of our dining experience that the food was more like a plus. I wish I got her name to credit her but we were a party of 8 girls staggering in late in high heels for our dear friend's bachelorette reserved dinner on a Saturday night a week ago.We got the run down quickly on doing their style of "omakase" after mentioning we had a show and had to finish by 9pm. We gave her free rein with a price per person between $30 to $40.Now, I was the only one who had been here before for the same concept so I was expecting the same good service and food. So I discreetly asked the lady server to make sure to add the Miso Sea Bass skewers. She happily replied, "I gotchu girl!" We were then offered the extensive sake and wine menu, which we had to forgo. And one of the girls almost ordered the cucumber martini but didn't.  After the time it took for a buzzed dude to walk over, show us his awesome swim trunks, (clearly forgetting to dress his bottoms to match his sharp shirt), wink and share a charming smile, and then leave...our appetizers were presented by a team of 3 servers.- Otsumami: trio of edamame, tempura green beans with amazing truffle dip, grilled shishito pepper :)- Pork Gyozas (ok)- Rock Shrimp Tempura (wasn't as succulent or saucy but still good)Our waters were always filled. Thank you water guy!Then after enjoying our appz for about 20 mins, came out the yummiful skewers, 3 specialty rolls of sushi (could have asked for the El Topo roll but decided try the others) and an entree split by 2 plates to share. It was the teriyaki chicken with fried onions atop mashed purple potatoes. This is so yum because the chicken was juicy and flavorful!We were having our fill and we were on schedule. Then the lady server got us a surprise sake tree of their cucumber martini! Also very refreshing and yum to end our meal.  We had to pack a bit of to-go and we were happy with the service. She lined our meal down the middle of our price range to about $36/person (plus tax+tip $45).So exceeded my last experience here!  I recommend the omakase style because the servers really do know the menu. Trust!
4	I wouldn't say the food here is particularly authentic of Japanese, Brazilian, or Peruvian, but it's satisfying.  The raw fish is of high quality! And the most exciting thing is that they sell a giant yellowfin collar for super cheap.  My mother believes this happens because non-Asians tend not to eat it, but Asians love it. This is probably why my father who once detested it's clubby and loud environment is now willing to venture there all the time.  For the yellowfin collar.  Squeeze some lemon or lime on that and it's good.Otherwise the ramen doesn't taste like ramen, but like good noodle soup, and the gyoza is tempting but not actually better than the O'Tasty frozen variety.  On the whole though, it's quite good, and a very fun place for dinner.  The drinks are good and strong, very strong, so be prepared.
3	A Japanese Brazilian Fusion RestaurantThis is a good place to show off to a date or people from another country, but other than that, it just becomes another fancy restaurant in Las Vegas. The service is excellent, but the I think the concept of this restaurant doesn't really attract me. There was nothing really special, it just seemed like a Brazilian BBQ restaurant with sushi.The meats are really good, we had the 5 meat Churrasco ($46) and some Kobe beef sashmi ($12 per piece!). The Kobe beef sashmi is grilled on a cooking rock.The selection of oysters was not that many, but the ones that did carry : Malpeque and Blue Point ($3-$4) were decent.Overall Sushi Samba is an very okay restaurant. It is quite expensive, although very exquisite. I can now say I have been here, but there are other places to try.
4	Alright i must say this place was def. awesome! Kind of pricey but well worth it for those special occasion kind of nights. The food was soooooo delicious! The waiters are there to explain everything for you and how there menus work. Its a bit different then your average restaurant. We had so many different platters i dont know where to start. The sushi was just super tasty along with the way they prepare there steaks, pork, etc etc etc....The sauces they give with each dish also has so much flavor! If your looking to spend the $$$ on some really good food with alot of flavor this is 1 of the places to do it! The restaurant itself is fairly loud so when having a conversation your going to have to speak up a bit in order to hear each other, that was the only thing but its vegas its like that. Service was super fast and i really have no complaints about this place. Good job sushi samba!
4	This place gets expensive, and seemed really packed.  Sat at the sushi bar and had a wonderful although inconsistent server.  She apologized a lot for the long waits.  Food was delicious, and you won't find a "Japanese, Peruvian, Brazilian" fusion restaurant most other places.  The rolls were good, the nigiri overpriced and not as beautiful as you'll find in other places specializing in sushi.  The meat kabobs and the edamame were deliciousness in a dish.  Recommended!
5	Even though it is on the pricier side, it was worth it. My soul was happy with me after I ate here. In fact, my soul asked me to eat twice here. I happily obliged. The first time we were only there for a quick snack and a drink, but the second time we actually ate a meal there, so I'll review the second time. I should give one caveat: I'm not particularly familiar with authentic Brazilian or Japanese food. That said, I found this fusion restaurant both intriguing and completely intoxicating. The waitress we had the first time was good, but I really remember our second waiter, Max. He was very attentive and gave fantastic recommendations, but wasn't pushy about it. Most importantly, you can tell he's actually EXCITED about the food. It made a huge difference, because seeing someone so excited to tell you about the ingredients, how the food is prepared, and what flavors are going on together really adds to a wonderful food experience, in my opinion. The waiter ended up recommending a $60 per person meal, a tasting menu of sorts. It sounds like a lot, but given the prices, it was really very fair considering the amount of food we got. As such, I'm not going to talk about every little thing, but more the highlights. The Peruvian Corn was addicting. It was a little closer to the hominy side of the corn spectrum, but it was buttery and had just a bit of texture. If it doesn't come as a side, I absolutely recommend trying it as a separate side dish. It DOES come as a side to the sea bass skewers, which I think were my single most favorite thing I tried there. It was buttery and delicious, and so flavorful in little bites. I wish I could describe it better than just "flavorful," but I'm not even sure how to describe how delicious it was. I'll just say that while I was eating it, I hoped it would never stop (so inappropriate but I can't help it: that's what she said). Hamachi tacos and a plate of various sashimi were incredible. I liked the sashimi just a little more because the bold flavors of the sauces surprisingly married well with the fish flavor, without overpowering it. The most surprising part of the night: there was a sushi roll that included melted mozzerella. Yes. Mozzerella and salmon. I was SO skeptical of this one, and it took me a few tries to get used to it, but once I did, it was like a warm blanket. If you can push aside the weirdness, it's a good roll. Another piece of fabulosity we had was a yellowtail seviche (they do spell it with an "s"). It was tangy but still let the other flavors show, and that is one of the items (along with the sea bass) I will absolutely order again next time I am in Vegas. Last, but certainly not least, the waiter concocted a duck hot-pot for us. I've not had much exposure to duck, and was weary of this one, but it was in a buttery sauce with lots of mushrooms, and it was incredibly silky and rich. Needless to say, after all this food, we were STUFFED!!! And of course, very happy. The manager came out to talk to us about the food as well, and I thought that was nice. I also tried the cucumber martini and the blackberry mojito. The mojito was good, but not particularly special. The cucumber martini, on the other hand, was light and refreshing and absolutely amazing. Sushi Samba is definitely first on my list next time I come to Vegas!
5	I came back to sushi samba over memorial day weekend and loved it so much that I actually ate there TWICE. The service and staff are incredible. Everyone is really nice, especially the ladies at the bar. The happy hour menu is such a great deal too, $6 for everything (I think there's at least 8 different items to choose from, including 2 different drinks. I recommend the mojito). I loved the salt and pepper squid (a BETTER version of fried calamari), spicy tuna roll, and the yellowtail seviche (it had a really nice ginger flavor to it). The kobe beef tacos were also amazing. As I mentioned in my previous review, the portions are not the biggest, but when you factor in that this is vegas, you are actually getting pretty good bang for your buck. They should use maybe brighter lights inside though, it's kind of tucked away and easy to miss, in my opinion. People need to see this place!! :) Great prices, great service. I will definitely be back! Thanks sushi samba!
5	A fantastic experience.I took my wife and adult daughter to Sushi Samba.  Things started off a bit dodgie when the ladies at the front screwed up, but everything worked out great.We think the key to the great experience was our server, CARMINE.  Carmine asked us our price point, inquired as to our likes, dislikes and food allergies and proceeded to turn what could have been a bummer into a remarkable experience.Great food, try the Yellow Tail Tacos, great service, thank-you Carmine and a very cool vibe.A fore sure come back.
5	I don't believe it is possible to give a better rating.  We went to Vegas for my wife's birthday.  The was our last night, and we wanted to go out for the last time.  We had already eating diner a couple of hours before hand.  So we figured we would go for a late night snack.  We went to Sushi Samba, and could not have made a better decision.We were pretty indecisive about what to order.  So our waitress suggested that we answer a few of her questions, and she would suggest a meal for us.  That was perfect.  We had the Yellow Tail tacos which was delicious.  Very light, and refreshing.  Then we had the Sea Bass skewers.  Amazing sauce, and was great.  Then we ended up with the Spicy Tuna.  Great meal.  Great suggestions.But the topper was the owner Liz.  She came over to our table.  She was very welcoming, and actually talked to us.  I didn't feel as if she was doing it, as part of some shtick.  She was very genuine.  Which was cool. We ended the night with a vanilla chocolate cake for my wife's birthday.  Overall great experience.  When we go back to Vegas.  This will definitively be one of our stops.
5	My Fiancee and I were looking for a sushi place for a late night dinner. We happend to stubble upon this place in the Plazzio. The bill for two was about $96, but the quality of the food was AMAZING!We paid about the same to eat at the Bellagio at Jasmine and this food was about 10 times better tasting.The Pork Belly Ramen was so good the meat just melted in your mouth and the broth was just spicy enough to give it a nice kick.The Sushi was also great, quality.We tried the Yello Tail Tacitos which were pricey for $6 each but def worth at least having one.The atmosphere is loud and clubish, but we weren't expecting a romantic night out we just were hungry and this place def delievered on that.
2	My husband and I looked at an address wrong for a restaurant we were going to try.  Long story short, we were at the wrong casino.  We decided to stay at Palazzo.  We love the Palazzo and have never had a bad experience here and figured we couldn't go wrong.  However, this is my least favorite dining expereince I've had to the Venetian or Palazzo.SushiSamba was having their happy hour on Friday 4-7.  We sat up at the bar and ordered off their happy hour menu.  We each decided to try the Caipirinhas.  I'd equate this to a Brazilian margarita.  I think the bartender said it has rum instead of tequila???  Not positive though.  She hands the drinks to us and says something to the effect of "This isn't my favorite drink, but it gets the job done".  We didn't ask her if it was a good, bad or indifferent drink.  We just wanted to try something off their happy hour menu that we'd never tried before.  I thought it was a rather odd comment to make.  Then when we tried it, we weren't crazy about it either.  If she was going to say something, she should've told us when we ordered.  Regardless, the drink kind of grew on us.  Didn't order a second and probably won't order the drink again, but it wasn't horrible.As far as food, we tried the chicken anticuchos, shrimp tempura roll, salmon taquitos and yellowtail seviche.  Chicken anticuchos were good....basically a chicken skewer with teriyaki.  Shrimp tempura roll was average.  Salmon taquitos were kind of strange...if you do order these, make sure to put the spicy sauce on them.  Without the sauce, they aren't very good.  Last but not least, the dish I truly enjoyed was the yellowtail seviche.  The yellowtail was buttery and spicy all at the same time....very good.All said and done, our tab was just under $40 before tip.  Not bad.  However, there was something about this place, I don't see myself ever coming back here.  Other than the yellowtail, nothing was that good.  Average to mediocre at best.
3	My friends and I came here for happy hour.  There wasn't much room at the bar, but I found a single table in the bar.  I asked the hostess if we could sit there and she said yes but we had to order from the bar. I asked the hostess for menus and AFTER she told me I had to order from the bar she said someone would be there to help me. Errr...ok? My friend didn't hear any of this, but the bartender was nice and said instead of having us go up to the bar, she would have a waiter serve us.  The waiter who came was also really nice.I ordered a veggie tempura and spicy tuna roll. The veggie tempura roll was one of the bigger dishes there and was pretty good. It came with a traditional sauce and a creamy tangy sauce.  The spicy tuna roll had really weird rice.  It was smashed together and wasn't sushi rice.  I'm not sure that it was even Japanese rice.  I know this is a fusion restaurant but please don't f up sushi rice! 3 stars might seem a little harsh for bad rice, but as a whole, I guess I just wasn't that impressed.  It wasn't bad, but it was def. a'ight.
4	Love the food, love our waiter and loved how nice the rest of the staff was. They also gave us complimentary dessert that said "congratulations" because we're newlyweds. I thought that was a sweet touch and came out of nowhere. We ordered this mushroom dish, avocado/sweet potato roll and a side of veggies. Everything vegan and everything soo yummy. The inside was pretty neat too.
3	SUSHISAMBA is always on my itinerary when I come out here for my annual birthday celebration/vacation. I came here two days ago after my wonderful massage, all excited, hungry, and ready to throw down on some food, so I was glad I made it just in time for the happy hour. To my surprise, service was kind of amiss: my order initially came out wrong, my caipirinha was off and had to be adjusted, the salmon in my salmon avocado roll was a little dark, and the mosquitoes flying around me and my food drove me nuts! The only saving grace was the pork belly and the plantains, which were excellent (the mosquitoes thought so too).I really hope SUSHISAMBA isn't slacking off on what made them my fave in the first place :/ Sushi don't fail me now...
5	Many of us have probably been to Vegas more times than we'd like to admit.  Heck, one period in my life, I made 4 trips there in a 6 week period!  Still paying for that even today.  Vegas is about the latest clubs, the crazy pool parties, and always the massive selection of fine restaurants.  Coming from the SF Bay Area, I've been lucky enough to be blessed with great cuisine, so, going to Vegas to dine is more about trying out new places and checking out the amazing decor of the restuarants.  Despite this fact, oddly, enough, I have been to Sushi Samba 5 times now and counting!!!  This is the only restaurant that I have been to more than once there minus the late nights at the Grand Lux Cafe...LOL.  But, I think that definitely says something.  This place has the top quality sushi and a very rare pairing of Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian flavors.  I absolutely love the variety of dishes and the friendly and hip feel of the environment.  Just check out the menu and you will know what I mean.  You can do ribeye steak, sushi, oysters on the half shell, porkbelly ramen, Samba cobb salad and sashimi cerviche all in the same place.  Plus, throw in the hip Vegas feel, cool music and presentation and you're in business.  Also, the restaurant is kinda cool to in a way, that it is tucked away from the busy part of the hotel.  Kinda gives you that hidden gem feel.  Anyways, you won't be dissapointed by this place.
5	I was in Vegas at the beginning of June for a bachelorette party, and we came here on Friday night before going out. I LOVED this place!! First of all, it's gorgeous. It reminded me of a jungle, lots of dark colors. Very pretty.Our server was totally sweet. She explained the menu really well and helped me order something I would actually like since I'm not normally a sushi lover. I think the roll I got was the Neo Tokyo. And it was sooo good! Very satisfying flavor, savory and sweet at the same time. A little expensive I thought, but alas.Considering there were like 15 of us on a busy night, the service was pretty fast. We got our food and drinks in a really timely manner and I didn't feel like we were sitting around waiting that much.A downside was that I felt as though we were surrounded by creepy men, but that's so often par for the course that I can't fault Samba.  Very fun place. And really interesting bathrooms.
5	I stand corrected.. I was hesitant at first about going back to Sushi Samba due to my terrible experience 2 years ago..but since our hotel was located at the Palazzo and we were crunch for time. Sushi Samba was the way to go.. I was part of a bachelorette party and we got a tasting menu, I was really impressed about how accommodating they were with me being that I am a vegetarian. Throughout the night they would not only come by and asked how we were doing but they participated in all the silly tasks that bachelorette had asked for. The manager himself would come out just to bring us a batch of fresh baked cookies and complimentary drinks..even right before we left the bartender came and asked if we wanted another group shot! Last time around we were all still very hungry with the itty bitty food we had but Christ, this time around EVERYONE was completely satisfied and beyond full by the end of the meal! One last thing, WE loooooveeed our Waiter Jimmy! he was so kind and helpful i couldn't ask for more! Thank you Sushi Samba for an AWESOME dinner!
4	Sushi is really good! I liked to ambiance and staff were defiantly restaurant educated.I'll be back for sure
4	Overpriced, but what isn't? It's sin city. ;)Good stuff though, mojito was bomb.
4	I have been here twice. The first time I ate here and the second I just had drinks. The food was really good. Unfortunately it was almost three years ago so I don't remember what I ate. Sorry Yelpers, I know that isn't very helpful. I do remember being very satisfied though. Very fresh and full of wonderful flavors. The second time I just had a couple drinks at the bar. I had a Mojito which was really good and then I had Chu Cucumber. Nice, very refreshing. All in all its a good place to come if your staying at the Palazzo/Venetian. At night they get really busy so make reservations. I can't wait to go back and eat more so I can update my review with more useful information.
5	My wife and I really liked Sushi Samba and their fushion menu.  We were running late for a show and couldn't wait to be seated in the main restaurant so we sat at the bar at the edge of the restaurant and the mall area as soon as something opened up.  Lara S was our main waitress plus another girl and she was very friendly and helpful in selecting our drinks and menu items.  My wife and I are big St. Germaine liquor fans and we loved the "Chu-Cumber" drink.  Also thought the Tempura green bean appetizer with truffle aioli sauce was yummie.  We had a sampling of sushi and Pacific, El topo, and spicy tuna rolls and all was very good.
3	The kids meal is a great deal.  The adult menu is pricey and you will leave hungry UNLESS you spend a lot of money.  We tried purple mash (good), miso pork ramen $18 (for soup!), pork belly (great if you savor the taste of fat), edamame and Shrimp tempura.  It was around 100 bucks - hubby left hungry
4	This was our go to late night place while staying at the Venetian. We opted to sit at the bar and try their happy hour specials along with a few things off their menu.I woud HIGHLY recommend the Miso Chilean sea bass, as it was once of the BEST I have ever had. The vegetables that came with it were so tender and delicious, even though I hate Brussels sprouts, the rest were quite good.The Spicy tuna rolls were really good also, though small compared to other places I've had them.The BEST vegetable dish I've had in a long time were the Collard Greens in an asian dressing. They were crunchy and filling enough for two. Though, next time I'm not sharing! Another stand out to me were the Fried plantains. Normally, restaurants cut them thick and serve them with sides of beans and sour cream. I loved that these were cut thin and lightly breaded, deep fried and sprinkled only with some shavings of cheese. Besides the sea bass, the items we got were only $5-6 bucks a dish and easily can be split by two. This was probably my favorite place to dine while there and probably one of the better late night dining options you have if you don't feel like burgers or sandwiches.I would have loved to give them a full 5 stars but the bar people were much to slow in not only forgetting to ask our order but forgetting to bring us our drinks after having to ask  three times, while serving those who just sat down right away. Otherwise, the food was fantastic!
5	I went here last night (4th of July Weekend) for dinner with my man and 4 friends of ours...AMAZING! Our waitress Tanice was absolutely wonderful and she put together a 10 course meal for my table based on our preferances. Every single thing she brought out was pure delight in your mouth...the scallops with pesto sauce were excellent, these small tuna "tacos" were amazing, and the chilean sea bass skewers were the best fish I have ever had, hands down. All entrees were served family style and the brazilian/sushi flare to the food was exciting for my taste buds. We got a shot tower (12 shots) for our table and the cucumber martini and sangria shots that came on it were super delicious. The manager Liza came over, pleasantly introduced herself, and checked our table frequently to make sure our meal was perfect. This place is a must for some fun, fine dining in Las Vegas. The ambience is dark, red and trendy in a classy way. It also was kinda cool to see Shawn Marion sitting at the table next to us. Come eat here and ask for Tanice and Liza: you won't be disappointed.
4	Here's some easy math: Awesomeness = SUSHISAMBA = Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian Fusion.Yup.I recently traveled to the Sin City for work and of course, had to try as many good restaurants as I could. While most offered decent food, they were definitely overpriced.But SUSHISAMBA was simply awesome. My friend and I ordered four plates and they were the perfect amount of food for two ladies to share. More importantly, everything was fresh and delicious.Here is what we gobbled down.Sea bass and miso:OMG. The fish blew me away with its tenderness and deep flavor. The decorative Peruvian corn also added a nice touch to the dish. A must try.Yellow tail jalapeno and lemongrass:Includes 4 pieces of sashimi. Pleasantly spicy with jalapeno, the fish was nicely chilled and tasted very refreshing.Samba sushi assortment:Has 12 pieces, including 8 kinds of sashimi and one type of roll. Everything was very, again, FRESH. I loved how the rice, fish and all the ingredients melted in my mouth.Yellowtail seviche:Wrapped in crispy tortillas and sprinkled with lime juice, the seviche tacos were a nice little summery treat in this boiling city.What's better is that good food is not the only reason that I like this fusion restaurant.Our waitress was nice and gave us good suggestions on what to order. My other colleague who came here with a big group also raved about the great service they received.The ambiance was modern and romantic. I felt like I walked into a trendy, reddish dome, with interesting circular decor.The bill? Certainly a splurge. But for the experience I had, it was well worth it.Some final math: VISIT VEGAS = TRY SUSHISAMBA.
2	Service was good but the food was just OK.  I am a bit of a sushi snob since my father is a sushi chef but the sushi at this place was nothing special and I've had better at restaurants that were half the price.  I left after one appetizer and 1 roll.
3	Cool place for drinks before dinner or even after clubbing...I just hate that bar counter smell....yuck.
3	They won't seat you until your entire party is there.  Why?  Who cares?  You are holding the table.  Put people in it and get them started.  This is some antient rule started back in the day and no restaurant knows why they do it.  If the rest of the party takes too long, then those sitting can get started.  Get a clue.  If people are comfortable, they will spend money to eat and drink.  STUPIDITY!  The food is fabulous.  The waiter chose our courses and they were all great.  The bar area is weak with poor service.  And, they make you close out your tab before you sit to eat dinner.  Hello.  Make it easy for your customers to spend money not difficult.  I can't complain about the food.  The drinks are overpriced.  Our meal for two cost about $180.
5	BBQ sea bass skewers, Peruvian corn, yellow tail terditico, and a cup of miso soup. I could probably eat this every day for the rest of my life and not complain.
5	Sushi Samba is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Nice ambiance, good music, yummy food, and oh so yummy cocktails. Their samba juice is to die for!!!
5	Awesome! Our server, Jimmy, helped the four of us put together a dinner of 9 delicious dishes. The sea bass and the cucumber martinis are a must! Jimmy was the best server I've had in a very long time. Thanks for making our dining experience one I'll never forget.
3	I understand this place is pricey and expected it to be. I can afford a place like this... But apparently the service doesn't treat me like such. My friends came here to eat and I came to join them and they got seated at the sushi bar but it took forever for me to get water or anyone to take my order. I wore a cute dress, I have a nice bag, I am clean and freshly showered... But took awhile. They were nice when I ordered but come on... How long will it take? They really focused on the people who had tables. Food was good - overpriced which was expected. Got some rolls and a fish. 3 rolls and a fish. The fish (steamed) was eh... The rolls were good. I got plain salmon and yellowtail rolls which were actually on the cheaper end of the sushi price. LocationPalazzo... Good locationAmbiancePosh and high endBut be careful smelling like baked fish because there is a dish that has lots of smoke that can cause you to smell like it.my gf was near a table with the dish and smelled like it afterward. Overall... Maybe I'd come back... If I had a table.
4	Been here three times...but for some reason the quality is going down. I want to give this 5 *'s but last time it just didn't live up to the hype. I brought my girl and she was like this is the place you keep raving about?! Boy did I feel dumb.On my first visit I had the Chef Omakase. I was the only one at the bar because I was gambling for so long. I made a killing at the tables and was feeling rather giddy - so I went all out. The sushi chef asked me if I had any allergies/no likes... which is easy for me - no octopus and no squid. Wow did he come out guns blazing - A toro over warm rice with some special sauce. It nearly blew off my mouth. Then he went with a three lineup selection - Hamachi, Red Snapper and More Maguro.. but these had some sauces and jalapenos and ginger. Nice follow up. I said. How are you going to beat that....He surprised me with a Peruvian slice of Filet mignon covered with Foie Gras. WOW dang that I guess I will stop doubting this chef. He lined up a couple more slices of sushi and I thought it was over. Pretty good, but I am thinking he is ending on the wrong note when he busts out a fried rice cake with Foie Gras and yellowtail Belly.... I nearly jumped out of my seat of how good that was. After that experience I adamantly recommended this to friends who wanted to try something different.On subsequent visits with a couple friends we did Omakase again, but this time it was mostly rolls. I mean the sushi was great but the rolls left me wanting. Gone was the foie gras...and with that my 5th star.On my last visit my girlfriend ate pretty standard stuff nothing spectacular and since we didnt do Omakase I was left on my own to decide which usually means pretty boring. I love the surprises chefs give me  when I order Omakase. Hopefully I will be back and the chef can surprise me and make me change my rating...until that my 4 *'s will stand. This place does get busy since it turns into a club some nights. Sit at the bar if you want the more crazy experience. I still love this place but with all the places on the strip, other places may get my business...
5	One of the best decorated restaurants I've been to.The sushi is outstanding.They put a very unique spin on their ceviches.I highly recommend the robata.Especially the Hamachi Kama, their version of Yellowtail collar.I don't say this about many restaurants, but you have to see thier restrooms while you are there also.
5	GO THERE. I've been 4 times to this Las Vegas location. I have sat twice at a table and twice at the bar, and I have to say, sitting at the bar is the way to go! The waiter I had on my birthday was absolutely terrible. He forgot a dish and then took 30 (no joke) minutes bringing me what was suppose to be a surprise bday dessert. I understand the intent, but it was my bday and XS was calling my name. Oh and, they pour great drinks - a plus and rare practice in Sin City.Anyway, the food is worth roughly 10 golden, shining stars. Get the yellowtail taquitos, don't ask questions, JUST GET THEM. You can thank me later. But really, ANYTHING on this menu is decadent. And although it seems pricey, every time I get the check I am surprised at how inexpensive the meal is as a whole.
5	Date/Time:  Monday - 10pmOccasion:  Vegasaversary dinner after Phantom Party of:  TwoLocation:  Amongst the shoppes in Palazzo.  Interesting decor.  Dark ambiance.Ordered:  Roasted Shishito Peppers, Hamachi Tiradito, Miso-glazed Seabass Skewers, Spicy Tuna Roll, Moqueca Mista, and Trio of Sorbet/Ice Cream (green tea, lychee, and vanilla)Total incl gratuity: ~$110I am so stunned that Sushi Samba (SS) has an overall rating of 3.5!  It definitely deserved a 5 in my book.  Was pretty blown away by all of their food.  I'm not usually that impressed with Asian fusion but they deserve two thumbs up.  We arrived at 10pm and I was expecting it to be rather dead but it was still busy and happening.  All tables occupied, loud music bumping, and servers running around.The BF and I decided on a few dishes to share.  Everything on the menu ranged between $10 - $30.  Granted we ordered a number of different items - for variety and sufficiency - we figured our dinner bill would be a little pricey.  Seeing shisito peppers on the menu, I had to go for it.  I don't know what it is about these little things but I love them.  SS serves them grilled with a splash of lemon and seasalt.  A very good and light starter.  It actually went really well with the lemongrass sauce that was served with the hamachi tiradito.  Don't even get me started on that lemongrass sauce. O.M.Gee. I'm pretty sure there was a hint of crack in that thing because I was drinking that stuff.  It was so incredibly delicious.  When the waitress tried to take my plate away, she noticed how much I was savoring each drip of it so she brought me out a ramekin of it.  Naturally I was dipping everything in that sauce.The seabass skewers were just as delectable - melted in my mouth with the perfect flavor of miso.  Highly recommend!  We noticed our neighbor ordered the moqueca mista. It looked delicious and we opted for it as well.  It was the perfect entree.  I couldn't have been more pleased.  The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.  The coconut lime flavor was delicious.Seriously, SS is fantastic  I can't emphasize it enough.  Since I've been back home, I've been telling everyone about this place. No joke!  One can only hope that they'll open one in SF.  I'm headed back to Vegas in a week - making my way back there for SURE!
5	Recipe for the best 30th birthday ever: - Surprise trip to Vegas - Bobo Brazil roll (seriously the best roll I've ever had, you must try this one) - Salt & Pepper Squid (to die for) - Pork Belly Skewers (if you are a bacon fan, look out) - Pork Gyoza with pumpkin puree - A server who cared. Jeff was seriously fabulous and took great care of us. We sat, we ate, we drank, we laughed... and after the surprise desert came out with a sparkler (very cool) we left. I would definitely suggest this place and would absolutely return!
4	Great restaurant, great food.  Great for groups - upbeat environment.  A bit on the pricey side.
4	pricey.... but was happy i found my favorite sake. "star rabbit" blueberry sparkling sake..... oooh so yummmy!!!
5	Delicious drinks and food, and the bar tenders/servers rock! They have a happy hour that starts at 11pm, with the only catch being that you have to eat/drink at the bar. We preferred this as the music inside the restaurant was at night club volume. Our order included Jumbo Shrimp Seviche (amazing), the El Topo roll (it's so unique they trademarked it), the Shrimp Tempura roll, and Shisito peppers. With our food and five drinks later (2 mojitos and 3 caipirinhas), our bill was $65. If you're staying at the Palazzo or anywhere in Vegas for that matter, it's definitely worth a visit.
5	I had an AMAZING dinner here for my Bachelorette Party! I've been to Sushi Samba in Miami & was happy to be back. The vibe is very upbeat with a club feel & the food is a unique fusion of South American & Japanese...who would of thought?? Our server was Matt & not only was he attractive but he was kind enough to serve us a penis cake with sparkler candles...AWESOME! We heard about their "secret" prix fix menu here, so we decided to go with it. Our server asked us a bunch of questions about our preferences & food allergies to gage what type of menu we would receive. It didn't matter because EVERTHING they served us was absolutely great.  Here is a run down of what we had: -Green Bean Tempura (light & crunchy) -Shishita Peppers (could eat a pound of these everyday) -Pork Gyoza (savory with a wonderful sweet potato puree underneath) -Yellowtail Sashimi (So fresh with a lovely sauce underneath) -Lobster taco (good but doesn't knock my socks off like the others) -Rock Shrimp Tempura (ummm...so good cant even begin to describe) -Chilean Sea Bass & Chicken Teriyaki Skewers served with Peruvian Corn (Sea Bass was like BUTTER, Chicken was OK, couldn't stop eating the corn...think corn on steriods) -Rolls (We got a variety, don't remember exactly but they were all very fresh) That basically sums up our heavenly experience at Sushi Samba. Our bill was pretty hefty after all was said & done. But it was totally worth it....I will be back! This time sans penis cake ;) Thanks Matt!!!
5	We were promised a "dining experience", and that's what we got!A group of 6 of us came here, and we were instantly charmed by our server, Michael. He recommended a custom "dining experience" for about $50-60 per person, based on our likes and dislikes. Food just kept coming out and we had no idea what to expect, but Michael really hit the nail on the head with everything he picked for us.Some of the highlights:- yellowtail tacos- yellowtail in lemongrass sauce- sea bass (I don't eat sea bass, but my friends were raving about it!). The Peruvian corn that came with it was excellent - some kind of steak, cooked medium rare served with rice and beans- a sushi platter with spicy tuna, California, and shrimp tempura rollsSushisamba is really great for groups, and since you can customize a meal based on your budget, it can be relatively affordable, too. And every dish was amazing! I definitely recommend it, and hope to try brunch at one of their NYC locations.
3	We had a large dinner party and ordered separately. We did not order appetizers or cocktails, just the main course. My family had the three meats (grilled hanger steak, ribeye and pork tenderloin) and the miso-marinated Chilean sea bass. The meats were flavorful. We enjoyed the ribeye and pork tenderloin the best of the three meats. The sea bass was good, but it was not worth $29 for a tiny piece of fillet fish. We thought it was going to be a whole fish, enough to serve more than one person. The service was good when our waiter took our order, but he never came back to check up on our table to see how we were doing. We had to order extra rice and miso soup from other waiters and staff. Our waiter finally came to our table just to drop off the check. The manager came around and asked about our food, and we told him about the issue with our waiter. He apologized and offered us bite-sized cookies. The food was good, but the service was okay.
5	Love this place.  The sushi is fresh with unique dipping sauces.  We went twice in two days because of freshness, flavors, and service.  They have two happy hours before 7:00pm and after 11:00pm. $6 apps that are fabulous. Get the salt and pepper squid and the yellowtail, salmon tacos (not what u think) We sat at the bar both times and Jennifer was the best.  She knows the menu and the drinks. Gave us great tips on food and saki.  We eat sushi twice a week and wish this was at home.
3	Sushi Samba is a great sushi place if you like Americanized, fusion-sushi. Conveniently located in the Palazzo shops, its great for a quick bite if you're staying at the Wynn or Venetian and don't want to walk too far.The prices are reasonable and the quality of the food is very good. I was particularly impressed with the huge portion of grilled yellowtail cheek I got for what I paid.The sauces that accompany their sushi rolls are quite interesting - mustard, ponzu and soy-based. My one complaint, and it's a major one, is that I had to order sake THREE TIMES before I actually got a glass. My first and second choices were sold out, and it took the waitress 15 minutes between orders just to tell me this. Finally, when I picked a sake they hadn't run out of, there was not enough left in the bottle to constitute a full serving. I wasn't charged for it, but it was too little, too late. What I ended up drinking was far from what I was in the mood for.If you sell sake by the glass, running out during the peak dinner hour in Vegas is unacceptable.
4	Sushi Samba, whether in NY, Miami, or Vegas is consistent and delicious.  This particular Sushi Samba, like the rest, is open late (surprising that so many great Vegas restaurants aren't), has a hip atmosphere and great sushi.
5	We were in Vegas this past weekend and decided to check out Sushi Samba.  We did the tasting "omakase" menu and it was a hit with everyone on the table.  We got a nice sampling of everything there, it was all superb.  My favorite were the yellowtail tacos, yumm!  Most of all, we had a really great waitress, unfortunately i can't remember her name but she was very well informed and on top of it and she's the reason i'm giving this place 5 stars.
5	So, I had to go here for a date. Well, he has been asking me for a date a while and I finally found time. And good time it was spend. I spend a lot of sushi on his credit card, and it was so worth it! The sushi not the date :)It was SO freaking delicous, fresh unbelieavable for sure! The staff is very attentative.But, its rather expensive, so make sure you have a date with a lot of money :)
3	Happy hour is a happy time.$6 for a selection of appetizers and drinks for happy hour. Good deal! Remember not to come on the weekend b/c there is no happy hour. I found out the hard way when I came back the 2nd day for more. The quality of the sushi is good and the staff are very friendly. Asian and Latin fusion - confusing combo but not bad if you like this kind of stuff and need a break from heavier food.
5	My boyfriend and I found this place while we were in vegas for Sema. Normally we would have just ordered our usual sushi rolls and whatever we were familiar with. Thank goodness the server stepped in and said, just tell me what you like, what you're allergic to, and how much you want to spend, and i can put together a great dinner for you. So we let him take the reigns and it was AMAZING. he brought several courses of Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian dishes and everything was delicious. I was so glad to be able to try foods ive never had before. I dont even remember everything that we ate, but i do remember the donut holes for dessert. they were soo good! at the end of the night we probably spent about $50 per person and it was all worth it for such an awesome dining experience.
4	Came late night, super hungry after drinking and dancing. They have a happy hour menu late night I think between 11PM-2AM $5 dollar mojitos, $5 Caipirinha- which were amazing, they taste just like one straight from brazil. They also have spicy tuna rolls and other rolls for $5 each. The vibe and atmosphere is great. Bartender was very friendly and helpful.
2	I'm conflicted about this place.  The wife and I were in LV for the first time since 2003, so we were exploring new places.  We saw this restaurant on our travels before heading to a show and we love sushi so we stopped.  The food was very fresh and drink selection was excellent, however portion size was tiny.  After $72 with tip my wife commented that is was the first restaurant that she had ever left feeling more hungry than when she arrived.  We then had to hurry off to get more food before the show.
4	Asian and Latin fushion = yummy!  Must get the sea bass and miso skewers!
5	For the true foodie, the only way to enjoy SushiSamba is omikase paired with a sake flight. Both off the menu. You set the price (minimum $60 to sky's the limit for the max) and turn it over to the waitstaff who will take excellent care of you. I enjoyed the subtle inquiry and the detailed, passionate manner as each dish was described. A definite oral escapade and fun for the sight, smell, and sound (lava rock searing). Dessert is not as strong as the savory dishes, but when paired with the coconut sake...YUMMY.
5	This restaurant caught my eye because it was something out of the ordinary from your typical sushi restaurant. The menu offered an intriguing variety but when I began reading the reviews I knew I had to try it. I would suggest anyone going there for the first time to try the dining experience because you may think you know what you want but the chef knows better! The server asks if there is anything you do not like or if you have any food allergies and then how much money per person you're looking to spend. There are options anywhere from $50 per person to $130 per person if Kobe Beef if something that interests you. As it was for a special occasion we opted for $80 per person and even though thats more than I have probably ever spent on a single meal there were no regrets.Course #1 consisted of Berkshire Pork Gyoza which is basically pork dumplings in a pumpkin puree and Yellowtail Ceviche Taquitos, both of which were absolutely delicious and not necessarily something I would have ordered on my own.Course #2 was Yellowtail Sashimi in a spicy Peruvian sauce with a slice of red jalapeno on top and Octopus Sashimi in a Japanese citrus sauce which again were both to DIE for!Course #3 had an array of filet mignon, sea bass, king crab and Peruvian corn. All were moist and tender but the sea bass absolutely melted in your mouth! Peruvian corn was a yummy alternative to traditional corn as well.Finally, Course #4 was the main sushi dinner. Shrimp tempura rolls were delicious, but the spicy tuna with i believe tuna on top was absolutely amazing! There was also Maine lobster and another roll which I believe had lobster in it as well and was probably the only thing of the entire dinner that I was not absolutely amazed with, but it was still good!Another great thing about this place is they tell you if there is anything throughout this meal you do not like they will take it back and bring you something else! As our server said, "Its like a money back guarantee!"Anyways this is definitely a place I would tell everyone who loves trying new things to try or even just the sushi lover. DO IT! It will not disappoint!Only part I would complain about is the fact that there is NOT one in California!!!
4	This was definitely one of the best dining experiences I've had in LV. We called a few hours ahead to make reservations at 8:45pm on a Friday night. The restaurant was packed and the decor is absolutely gorgeous. For 2 we had:- Edamame organic soybeans, sea salt, lime- Rock Shrimp Tempura golden pea shoot, snap pea jullienne, spicy mayo, black truffle vinaigrette- Beef Tenderloin and Aji Panca anticuchos- Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass roasted organic vegetables and oshinko- BoBo Brazil roll* seared wagyu beef, avocado, kaiware, shiso, red onion, chimichurri- Green Envy* tuna, salmon, asparagus, wasabi pea crust, aji amarillo-key lime mayoEverything was delicious! The rock shrimp tempura and sea bass were amazing. I wasn't a huge fan of the beef anticuchos, they were seasoned almost too much. The rolls were pretty small and didn't stand out as much as the other food. Service was on point, and I would definitely come back!
2	First it was sensory overload with the lights, video and overly loud music.    Second, the food was too hyped up for me, so the 45 min wait was not worth it on a Tuesday.  - Sea Bass skewers - good but nothing extra special.  - Bobo Brazil roll - couldn't really taste the ingredients, the sauce took over-  Yamato roll - sounded way better on paper.  again, couldn't taste the ingredients as it was sauced up.  -  the sushi came with its own wasabi, which is perfectly fine, except they put way too much.  The taste of the fish was masked by it.  Overall, I wouldn't go back.
2	I think you need to take off a star for all Vegas reviews. This place was hyped up on Yelp and in Vegas. I like my sushi, but this place is wayyyy overrated as far as food taste and quality. Ambiance and service was ok.
4	What a great happy hour they have here. You will need to find it because it's upstairs but well worth it! We had almost everything from their happy hour menu and each item was good and not your typical Japanese/sushi since it's more Asian fusion. The service was terrific at the bar as the bartenders were attentive, sincere and courteous. Would def come back again.
1	Worst restaurant in Vegas period....I can write a book about there offensive quality of food and lack o service but I will not waste another second getting angry over this sorry esss establishment... big rip off... these crooks should be jailed
2	Stick with the sushi (4 stars) and stay away from the "samba" (zero stars)Their most popular fusion dishes recommended by the staff are not worth getting.  They were dissappointing and overpriced.The crispy yellowtail and lobster taquitos were just awful.The sea bass skewer was too sweet and syrupy and the pervian corn was gross.  The yellowtail w jalapenos and lemongrass were just average.The straight up sushi was better than I expected.  In particular, the yellowtail sushi (though a really small cut) was actually very good.
3	All I can say is....KOBE BEEF ROLLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Definitely the best roll i have tasted in my life.  Kobe beef, shiso, and jalapeno peppers, with all sorts of other yumminess!!!!!!!!!!!!!  How I crave thee.There are all kinds of amazing dishes for this Brazilian, Japanese, fusion restaurant.  Try the excellent Black Cod Miso dish and the classic chicken teriyaki for starters.  The cocktails are amazing, too -- there is a Pomelo drink that is absolutely the most refreshing drink ever....with a ton of soju in it to make you tipsy!!!!Now that I've been samba'd, I will always put lime and togarashi on my edamame.  What a great combination!!!Things to stay away from: 1) Lobster roll. What have you done to the old lobster roll??? The new roll with the rice crisps on the outside is bland and blah.  Bring back the old roll!!! 2) Yellotail taqiutos. Not sure what this is, but don't order it.  It was fusion gone wrong!!!!All in all, a fun place for a big group to go to -- great, loud music...fun ambiance...good food!!!
4	For some reason, this is where my wife and I usually end up taking out-of-town guests when we can't decide where else to go. I think we've visited this place more times than any other Strip restaurant. Some people may hate fusion spots, but I love them. The food here is consistently good and affordable -- at least compared to other places on the Strip.If you're just looking for sushi, there are better places to hit up, but with all the other small plate options this spot is a winner in my book. I'm only giving them 4 stars this time around because there's better sushi out there and my favorite red-headed bartender wasn't there.
5	Good drinks. Great food. Good music. Great service. Nothing bad to say about this place -- This place was seriously the best place on the strip I've ever eaten. The perfect fusion of Peruvian, Brazilian, and Japanese on point. Sea bass skewers, Roasted duck with mushrooms, the Brazilian BBQ, the mango mojitos, Brazilian pilsner....everything that touched our table was absolutely amazing. Our waiter was Carmeine and he did a perfect job of picking out all of our courses for us. If your in a big group and its your first time there, I highly recommend asking for Carmeine and letting him chose your dishes for you. He paired everything perfectly. Will definitely  be back again. Next we're looking forward to the Kobe steak that gets cooked on a hot rock on your table.
5	Sushi Samba is the best it can get! The Chef's tasting menu is the way to go. I can't even fully describe how amazing everything we had was. We started off with the Edamame, Shisito and Green Bean Tempura. The Shishito are seared and roasted peppers, which were spicy but good. The tempura was amazing with this black truffle alioli that I wanted to drizzle on everything!Then came chicken gyoza, which was so tender on top of pumpkin puree. Before we knew it they were bringing out rolls, one tuna and one with fresh crab. I was starting to feel full, when all of a sudden came the miso sea bass and beef tenderloin skewers. They were served with this peruvian corn that I haven't been able to stop thinking about since.The kernels are the size of quarters!  And I didn't even get to mention the nice cocktail list until now, so you know the food was good.All in all it was one of the best meals I've had in a really long time. They also had a similar sized spread for my friend who is a vegetarian and graciously agreed to go with us.
3	We had the rock shrimp tempura appetizer and the fried squid with salt and pepper. Both were decent. We ordered a few rolls to share including the Bobo Brazil which was tasty. All the rolls were fine but on the pricey size. The dessert sampler was pretty decent but at 12 dollars a person, it's expected.
5	Chef's tasting was the best! If you go to Vegas and you like sushi you MUST stop here. Waitress was wonderful and very helpful!
4	Came here during a weekend trip, their sushi originals are to die for. I totally recommend this south American - sushi fusion!
5	This was my third time at a sushi samba and never have I ever been disappointed! So it is about time I write a review! The BoBo Brazil roll and El Topo roll is always excellent. There is gold flakes on them and it just melts in your mouth! There cucumber martini is also so delicious! Must try if you like fancy sushi!2nd review: I went here again in Sept. of 2012 and had amazing food and service all around! Never dissapointed here!
2	The decor and service are wonderful. The food is okay.  If it wasn't so expensive, it would be a nice place to go eat. okay food + expensive= not worth it for me.
5	This place is probably the best sushi I've ever had. We shared 4 different rolls and I loved all of them! Sorry I don't remember the names, but I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed in anything you order. I love the Peruvian food options on the menu as well. Purple potatoes, yummy! My favorite roll was the one with pear in it. I know, who would've thought pear would be good in a sushi roll but man, it was to die for. The decor was also very unique. They artwork on the wall was something to look at. I was also very impressed by the fast service right in the middle of the lunch rush on a Sunday. This place is for sure a must try while on the strip!
5	I went TWICE on my trip to Vegas. That's how good it was. Good sushi, good sake and martinis! I would describe the ambiance as contemporary. It was super crowded both times we went (Friday and Saturday night), so I'd suggest making reservations if you are going on the weekend. Our waitress on Friday night wasn't that great, but the service was awesome Saturday night.The only complaint I have is the birthday dessert...it sucked.
5	Amazing sushi and interesting cocktails!  Staff was friendly and prompt, atmosphere very fun.  Order the tuna tataki!  Some of the best sushi I've ever had.  Will definitely be returning next time I'm in Vegas.
4	When my boyfriend proposed dinner at SUSHISAMBA I wasn't 100% sure what to expect. Naturally, I immediately assumed it was sushi with a bit of a twist, but I didn't really expect the menu they had in store! They offered a very cool Japanese, Peruvian and Brazilian fusion (not your everyday mash-up!) and everything was executed brilliantly. I was a touch put off at the outset when the waiter told us that he could create a dinner experience FOR US without much of our input. After finding out about food allergies, dietary restrictions, etc. he gave us a ballpark of about $50 - $60 per person and took it from there. We, quite literally, ordered NOTHING off of the menu - everything that we ate was something that our waiter thought would be a hit for us. While I was skeptical, it actually worked out well! He brought us some amazing dishes (the corn that accompanies the sea bass is insanely good and the ahi tacos were stellar) though we could have probably done with a couple fewer dishes. We left absolutely stuffed and very impressed. I'm sure we could have kept it under $100 (not including drinks) if we were to order on our own (we got a LOT of food, including a few orders that probably wouldn't have been on our agenda), but if you're okay with the price range laid out, they do know their stuff! All around good experience. I would go again, but now that we've tried quite a few things, I would prefer to place my own order. :)
2	Portions are so insanely small. I hardly ever finish a plate and these were tiny even for me. The Chilean Seabass was to die for but after spending a fortune and still feeling starved afterwards I just would not ever return.
4	Very fresh and creative sushi located in the Palazzo shops area on the second floor. This is a must if you love sushi!
4	Me and my gf made a weekend trip to Vegas while I was in SF for work. We got in late Friday night so our nice dinner options were slim since we had limited time and getting anywhere outside your hotel takes 20 minutes - that is once you're in a cab.We were staying at the Venetian so decided to trek around in our Vegas attire and find a spot to eat. Low and behold Sushi Samba, serving dinner at 11:30pm. I've been to Sushi Samba multiple times in NYC but this was a different experience. We opted to do a suggested tasting menu. It was delicious. Everything we had was incredible. The chef understood what we liked and wanted and did an excellent job. My only issue was that we gave the waiter a budget on how much we wanted to tasting menu to be (they are supposed to make it around that) and she went over by $15-20.All in all, if you're gonna go to Sushi Samba (wherever) do the tasting menu, it's quite the delight.
4	I love the fusion. This place is a must-try!!! It's nothing new but the flavor due to the combo of meats, fruits and veggies makes it very unique. Your taste buds start to dance and gets awaken by the difference in flavors in one single bite.Everything we ordered, we delightfully enjoyed.
3	I like the ambiance of street meets mod and the energy is great. However, I give the sushi a B grade. They try really hard to dress up their sushi and rolls with interesting sauces and for the most part pull it off but I prefer traditional sushi joints that wow you with the freshness of the fish and not the add ons. One thing I highly recommend is the Kobe beef. We chose the Ishiyaki which roughly translates to "hot rock" in Japanese. They bring out a black rock that is heated to 600 degrees along with a large array of oils, sauces, and salts. The waiter gave us a short lesson on how to prepare the meat and we went to town. Preparing the meat ourselves added a nice social aspect to the business dinner but be aware that seven slices of thin Kobe beef costs $150. Cheers
4	The visuals at Sushi Samba are the best part of the meal, from the colorful cocktails, to the artfully-arranged sushi rolls, to even the cool circular sliding doors in the bathrooms. However, it's not just a feast for the eyes. I am usually skeptical of anything labeled "fusion", but this concept works. Even the Brazilian friend I shared my meal with agreed.
4	Upbeat, happening and alive. This sushi place is TOP in Vegas. It has energy pumping when you walk in. The seats are close together but the whole design of the place makes it OK. They have beautiful modern bathroom with an attendant. We indulged in the Kobe beef app- which was small as HECK but so tasty.We got few rolls of sushi which were fresh and tasty. They had great girly cocktails too.I would RUN back!
4	Second time here and have to say both times were great. We sat at the bar and our server was super cool. Loved the seaweed salad which was a trio of three kinds of seaweed, the yellowtail sashimi was so fresh and the sauce excellent.  Expensive? yes, but that's no secret.
4	4 stars for the dessert and tempura green beans.Everything else was meh.Ordered the samba strip roll which came with a little lobster tail and had mango in it.  It was average.  The peanut curry sauce I wasn't a fan of as it tasted like ginger and I was not feelin it.But the star was the dessert...banana honey crispy taquitos.  They have a caramel sauce on top and chocolate on the bottom. AMAZINGand the green bean tempura is served with black truffle aoili.  I yelled so loud the table next to me ordered it.  It was a very "When Harry Met Sally" moment "I'll have what she's having"
3	I had a quick dinner with some work colleagues at Sushi Samba the night we arrived at the hotel. The wait on a Sunday night was about 45 minutes ... so we asked if we could sit/eat at the bar. They said it was fine and were promptly seated.We ordered 3 sushi rolls and 1 entree along with a couple of beers and one cocktail. For three people our bill was well over $100 and we didn't really have that much to eat. The service at the bar was friendly, but unattentive ... they seemed more interested in talking with each other than the customers that night. It was good, but I can't see paying $14+ for "specialty" rolls and $8-9 for a standard spicy tuna roll that you can get at a very good sushi restaurant for $5-6 anywhere other than on the strip in Vegas. I know ... it's Vegas, everything is expensive ... but $100 for a few rolls and an entree is a bit excessive.
5	This place is the only reason why I want to go back to Vegas!!! the sushi is amazing, the ceviche taco's are mouth-watering. The seabass and lobster tail are scrumptious!! There wasn't one thing that was put on our table that wasn't delectable. Oh and the watermelon martinis are phenomenal! If it wasn't for our waiter MAX I don't think I would of had such a great experience. :)
4	It's interesting that back home, I partake in sushi once or twice a week without fail  ... and yet in Vegas, while staying in a hotel where it seems every celebrity chef has at least one restaurant (and in many cases two)... I'm drawn to a "sushi" place once again.  Nonetheless, the Brazilian beats and atmosphere from the outside looking in made SUSHISAMBA seem different, and well worth trying. So we did.SUSHISAMBA is a Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian fusion restaurant.  Hence the aforementioned "beats." The visuals of this place are more "club" than restaurant, both from a lighting/decor perspective, as well as the patrons drinking around the bar.  That being said, as we were seated at our table, the fusion influences did highlight how somewhat boring and "polite" the sushi places I normally frequent actually are.  SUSHISAMBA has a much more vibrant atmosphere.Regardless, I was in the mood for sushi, so I stayed within that zone on the menu. My dinner companion fears the stuff... which made this place perfect.  I could indulge, while she self-cooked meat on a ultra hot stone in front of her (yes, that is an option).  Thus, my sashimi/sushi/roll selection was served before me with zero guilt .Everything either of us ordered was very good.  No complaints on the quality whatsoever.  The only negatives are repeated from what other reviewers have mentioned:--  if you order outside of the Japanese realm, the price seems to go way up.  If you treat it as a sushi restaurant, the price is in line, even for Vegas.  -- Again, outside of the "sushi" realm, portion size could very well disappoint. --  The tables can feel a little too close for comfort with your neighbors.  But this varies depending on where you are seated.  Overall, I am a fan of the traditional sushi-restaurant  fare served here, because it trumps the overall experience I have elsewhere -- the quality is fine, the atmosphere is more fun.  Venturing beyond that will no doubt deliver quality, but you may end up needing to order more than expected to be satisfied, and end up with a much lighter wallet.  Calgary Yelp's 30 day challenge:  10/30
3	I love ceviche... I don't really like shrimp so I love it when there is fish ceviche. This place has four different ceviches... YESSSS! I wasn't very hungry so I only ordered the yellowtail one, although I reeeally wanted to order the sampler to try all of them. We sat at the sushi bar to check out the variety and quality of fish, which was alright. The variety was the typical sushi staples and not much more. This didn't really seem like a place to get sashimi or plain sushi so we ordered rolls instead. I thought the Brazilian and Japanese fusion was very interesting. I had the halibut skewer which had a miso sauce and brazilian corn on the side. Pretty tasty but maybe a little overpriced. The Ishiyaki smelled really good but I didn't want to smell so we didn't get it. I don't know why we ordered a kobe roll when it's not real kobe beef and the portion is so thin and small that you can't even taste it. The service was fast and friendly. We received our food quickly, the place was clean, nice atmosphere, and overall enjoyable. I wouldn't rave about this place, but I wouldn't mind coming here again to try more things on the menu. I don't think I would recommend this as a sushi place, but more for their other items like robata (small selection) and Ishiyaki.
4	Happy hour is a good deal, 6 bucks for sake and rolls.  I had a tuna roll, rather plain and uninspired, but the roll with salmon skin and bonito flakes on top was awesome!  The gyoza, made with pork, were delicious.  The bartender was very nice, although certainly more focused on making sure her family member had drinks and food.  Overall it was good and I'd go back.
4	Very good sushi.  Many different types of Asian, Sushi like food.  A Little pricey but everything tasted amazing!  Expect to pay $75+ per person to eat.  $100+ if you are hungry.  Other then that it was amazing!
5	First off the food was Amaaaazing. The hanger steak (as part of the 3 meat) was luscious, the mutant corn was delicious as were the rolls that we got. But the best part for me (a newly gluten-free diner) was that they were soooo knowledgeable about the menu and knew how to make adjustments to accomodate me. They switched out sauces, made replacements here and there, had gluten free soy sauce and acted like it was NORMAL, not like i was some crazy person. I heart Sushi Samba.
4	It's not an authentic japanese feeling but it's a great Peru/Japanese mix food.The host and server were very friendly and nice interior! I def go again and again!It's in Palazzo hotel but not too expensive than I thought.
2	Took "FOREVER" to get our food. I always think that when there is only 2 dining out the service isn't very good. More people more tip!!! 4.00 for a small cup of coffee!!! REALLY,6.00 for a small soup!!!!REALLY. Overpriced w/ okay food.
5	The experience was different and I absolutely adored the service, the food and the presentation of this place.  It's a happening place for Peru/Japanaese cuisine.  Waiters were quick to respond and checked on us at the right times.  Water was always filled and food was delicious!First off, YAMATO Roll....fatty tuna with foie gras and cavier with good flecks?  Heck yah!  How much more delicious can you get with this roll?  The Green Envy roll, and the Bobo Brazil were always very good!  The tuna tataki was also amazing.  For my birthday, they gave us a shot tree the bartender concocted for us.  Also another great drink was this drink with jalopengo in it.  I don't remember the name, but it was a nice kick!  :)  YUMMMM!  I can't wait to come back again!  Thanks sushisamba waiters and bartenders!
4	Fun place - good drinks and food was quite good.  I would highly recommend every dish we had - they were all quite tasty.  We had Yellowtail Crispy Taquitos - its fried, I know - definitely not the most healthy thing on the menu - but they were just delicious! The sashimi tiradito (kanpachi with yozu sauce) was just amazing - it completely melts in your mouth and is very refreshing with the lemony tang.  The seabass skewers also amazingly well prepared and tasted phenomenal.  The green envy and carnaval were unique and also worth a try.  Sharing is definitely the way to go here so make sure you go with peeps that want to also share.
5	This place was amazing.  My friends and family took me there for my birthday and I was totally blown away.  It was such a unique food experience that we honestly didn't know what to order.  We had the best waiter and he was extremely knowledged of the complete menu, preparation of each dish and all of the ingredients.  We were able to give him a price point average of what we wanted to spend per guest, our likes and dislikes, and he was able to put together a beautiful 5 course meal.  All of the food was amazing and the manager even came to the table to wish me a happy birthday with complimentary cocktails.  The atmosphere was beautiful, very laid back and relaxing.  I will definitely be going back and I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to enjoy new variations of seafood.
4	Dinner here completely blew away my expectations.  I expected corporate lackluster service, dishes and an over hyped Vegas restaurant.  I was glad to be proven wrong.  A Sushisamba was short lived in Dallas and now I can see why...this would never fit in Dallas.  A very lively restaurant at the back end of the Palazzo Shops.  Once seated the very charismatic server explained that the menu, influenced by Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian cuisine, is designed to be shared by the table.  Definitely an odd sounding combination of countries for a menu but it worked out well.  Peru and Brazil are heavy on the meats, and with Peru having an Asian influence in their culture, it made perfect sense to fuse the three together. When dining with a large group here it can be very confusing as to what should be ordered with a shared menu concept.  Someone at the table should take charge of the ordering or ask your server to lead the way.  We relied on our server to guide us through.  He listened to our likes and dislikes a delivered a wonderful sushi platter.  The rolls were small but great flavor.  We enjoyed it so much we ordered a second platter.  Try the Samba Roll...lobster and mango served with a curry peanut sauce.  Still hungry we ventured to the Peruvian side of the menu and ordered the anticuchos served with Peruvian corn.  A sweet and heavy starch corn, much different that what we have in States.  The skewered meat was very sweet and tender.  Next were the fried mushrooms...a recommendation from the server.  These were outstanding...deep rich flavor fried in tempura.  This sounds like a lot of food but it is not.  I left quite hungry but satisfied with the quality of food and service we received.For as busy as they were, the server did not skip a beat.  The food was absolutely delicious.  The restaurant can get pretty loud if you catch it later in the evening.  With this type of shared menu the bill can jump pretty fast.
3	Excellent service, good quality, fresh sashimi, and questionable serving size. When my chirashi was delivered, it looked strangly small.  While I was eating my meal, I realized that the cuts of sashimi were very thin and small.  Unusually so.  I was sitting at the sushi bar and there was a guy sitting a couple of seats away from me.  After I was done with my meal, he asked me what I thought of it.  I said that I enjoyed it, but did mention the sashimi size concern I had.  He replied, saying that was his experience as well.  My grandmother used to say.....'if enough people say it, its got to be true'.  Grandma Ethel was a smart cookie.It's unfortunate as this impacted an otherwise nice dining experience.
4	I like this place. Came here with 2 of my girl friends for Happy Hour on a Thursday night and sat at the bar. Our bartender Homer was GREAT! He kept the drinks coming and took care of our food orders. As we kept getting drunk, he entertained us with his bartending tricks and knowledge of giant Peruvian corn. Haha, we were impressed! Everything we tried on Happy hour was really good, especially the calamari. We ordered a lot of stuff, but the calamari really stood out. I also remember getting the shishito peppers, but they were okay, I've had better in NY. All in all, a great experience, I'd love to come here again!
3	Sushi was very good along with all of the appetizers. With that being said, I went with a group of about 10 girls and it took 20 minutes after being seated for them to recognize that we were there, and that was after we asked a server walking by. They definitely made up for it with free drinks and appetizers but it was disappointing and it should have never started out like that. From then on the service was pretty good but they ended up forgetting to bring a few dishes out, and somebody found hair in their food. Overall the food was great and they apologized and made up for the wasted time but the experience could have been better.
4	My daughter and I went back to SUSHISAMBA Sat night. Our experience was wonderful. The staff was so nice and friendly. The manager suggested different dishes that we might have never ordered. All were excellent! Our waitress was excellent and was very attentive. She is blonde from Brazil. She was great and remembered us from weeks before! That's a plus and she remembered how I liked my coffee. Ask Michael the manager about the cocktail with a cucumber in it. It was delicious. We will be going back soon. We just love the food and the service.
5	The sea bass was delicious! All you can taste is the miso though. Peruvian corn wasn't that flavorful, but it was interesting... Think corn kernels on steroids! The el topo roll was SO GOOD. Best sushi roll I've ever had! I also tried the bobo brazil roll and it was definitely NOT as good as the el topo. The server recommended adding cream cheese to it next time. I think I also got some kind of steak dish, can't remember what it was called but they did a good job on cooking it medium.The fries come in a little wooden box. It was cute.Service is great, I've been here twice and I'd definitely go again!
3	Sushi is good.  But our server also had a party of 10 he was waiting on, and he and all his bussers were so occupied with them our party of 3 was ignored.  We asked him for a sake menu when we ordered our food.  No one came close enough to our table for us to flag them down and ask again, until the busser came with our food.  Then we got the menu.  But when the couple at the table next to us had water accidently splashed on them, they made a fuss over them, going out of their way to get the woman's scowl off her face.  Sushi was good, but the price tag was not worth the horrible service.
5	Amazing! If u want good services and drinks here is the place to be! My server Allen h. Was everything u could ask for, personable, nice and connective! I can honestly say his service was what made my day. Ok ok enough about the service onto the food!Decor is simple, nothing to rate a craze experience over but satisfying! I got the Kobe small meal, worthy of experts!! And the tuna (maguro) is fresh and satisfying while tasting the quality of fish. Then the melt in ur mouth Kobe.....let's just say I'm coming back tomorrow! Allen has been in the business and knows the INS and outs, get him as ur server and u will become a regular!!!!!
3	I thought this place was okay, but hey, it's Vegas, it's about what you might expect for sushi in Vegas
4	Hands down the best sashimi I have ever tasted and I am very picky!!  The sauces that accompany the sashimi were to die for, especially the hamachi.  We also tried this mango ahi tuna tartare which was really tasty too!  The only cons were that they really packed the place with tables so if you want a place where you can speak with your dinner companion without having to speak over fellow diners then skip this place.  Only other con was that the menu has so many options that you really should ask the wait staff to give you a few pointers in how much to order.  Our waitress was dead on in guiding us as to how much to order since many of the plates are small tapa style plates while others are larger.  The sushi rolls we ordered were great as well! I will make it a point to come back and eat here everytime I am in Vegas.
3	If I knew any better, after eating here I would of thought the ocean had run out of fish and we were rationing off slivers of hamachi to feed to survivors of the lastest zombie invasion in Outbreak: Las Vegas.Had the Yamato roll w/ foie and caviar ($16) and hamachi sashimi tiradito ($13). Tasty, but tiny.  The only redeeming dish was the pork belly skewers.  Best thing on the menu for $10.
4	The food was tasty but pricey. Order some clams and boy they were tiny like the size of a penny & cost $6 bucks each. Like the purple mush something different.
3	Vegas is expensive so expect to pay some money to eat here.  Rolls average between $12-$20...not cheap.  I didn't have any rolls so I can't comment on them.  I did have the sashimi though.  I wasn't impressed by it at all.  I have had better sashimi by my house for a lot cheaper.  If you order the sashimi, don't get your hopes up.  Outside the sashimi, the restaurant is very nice and the service was good.  I would go there again and try the rolls this time as they did look pretty damn good.
5	The best sushi around. Very expensive, but worth it. Yellowtail teradito, Peruvian corn, BBQ sea bass, edamame, and some miso soup if u want to keep it light. Rolls are great too, but there is so much just go and let the waiter/waitresses take care of you.
5	There are so many reviews for this place- I'll keep it short:Yamato roll, let's be together forever.
4	Who would have thought on a normal Tuesday night at 8pm, we would need a reservation? Sushi Samba proved us wrong. After our experience there, I now see why they have restaurants in some of the biggest cities in the world. First of all they told us that we would have a 50 minute wait. As we were leaving to find another place, the hostess informed us that they could fit us at the counter. The "counter" is a raised area that looks out into the restaurant. I'm struggling to figure out how to describe it right now. It's a long table where everyone sits in a row- like a sushi counter- which overlooks the dining area. And you have to be very careful while sitting there. There's not much room and I doubt the people with spacious bench seats below us would appreciate a spilled drink. However, it was the perfect spot for people watching. Service was a little slow. Hence, the 4 stars. It took a while for us to get refills on our drinks. The server came over once without us having to wave her down. But food was amazing. I recommend the serviche and taraditos (especially the tuna). The duck breast robata was also amazing. Between the 3 of us, we tried quite a few dishes and we were quite happy with all of them. It is a little pricey, but I definitely think this is a great place to try at least once in Vegas!
5	We were at Sushi samba for dinner the day after Christmas - one of the best restaurants.  The Kobe beef sashimi was to die for.  I ended getting a 2nd order and I was already full.  Everything was great - the food was excellent.  Great service.  Very accommodating.  I just wished that there will be one in the bay area soon!
4	On the recommendation of a friend ,I took my family here one evening.  The house music was great, the service was quite good, the drink selection wide and the food was excellent. As you would expect for a location in a 5-star Vegas strip hotel (The Palazzo), this is NOT your father's typical sushi restaurant . As our server informed us immediately, the food is a mix of cultures that is served from from one of three kitchens - as soon as it's ready.  That was just fine with us as we were quite hungry!We found only two problem with this place (both of which could be fixed quite easily): 1) When one of us ordered a glass of cranberry juice, it came watered down. Our server was extremely apologetic and mentioned they called their supplier after they discovered our drink.  Apparently their mix delivery system was on the blink. 2) A bus person was very enthusiastic about picking up dishes... sometimes before we were finished.  We mentioned his need to refrain from this and he complied.If you're looking for sushi in Vegas that's different than run-of-the-mill sushi (but still quite excellent, of course) this would be a great place to check out!
3	Now that I've been here 4 times, I feel I can give an accurate review.  This place makes me feel very torn.  Here's the deal:Things to rave about:-Cool energy in the place. Interesting decor, sleek seating areas, random stuff on the tvs to watch, nice music.-Interesting flavors.  Not all their dishes are hits, but they are not afraid to try interesting things with some of their ceviches, tiraditos, etc.  The Neo Tokyo roll is tasty an their Yamato roll is very, very good (tuna, foie gras, osetra, and gold leaf).  -There always seems to be a nice manager checking on us, refolding napkins, etc.Things that really turn me off about this place:-It's soooooo expensive!  I'm by no means cheap and am willing to pay for good food that is well prepared.  The Yamato roll, for example, is expensive for a roll, but not for the yumminess of the foie gras.  But, some of their other food is just ok, very small portioned, and way overpriced.  The drinks are weak and are also overpriced. It's like the place thinks it's too cool for its own good.  I feel ripped off every time I go. I might not go anymore, to be honest.-Douchiness on NYE.  We dropped by for lunch and were presented with a special menu, cutting off nearly everything normal and adding in some $30+ (charged per person) "small plates."  There were no hand rolls or cut rolls available, even with 5 sushi chefs at the bar.  And, to top it off, the orders of sushi are for one piece. One piece of sushi for 5 bucks! No sushi place does that mess!While I do enjoy some of the food, I don't enjoy the feeling of being ripped off by a place that really thinks it's so cool that it can.  If I'm going to spend $100 for lunch, there are better places with better food.
5	This place is SOOO good!!!When we first walked in, the decor is super pretty. Place looks really trendy and it was packed on a Wednesday night. Ambience is very hip and is perfect for a date night or girls night out.DRINKSNINA FRESA - our server recommended this drink and its super yummy! its a vodka cocktail drink with strawberries and guava.FOODSALMON SEVICHE - excellent seviche... the sauce has a tangy pineapple taste mixed with a little bit of spice because of the jalapenos. really good appetizer.BERKSHIRE PORK BELLY ROBATA - i think this is the best out of everything that we ordered. the pork belly is super fatty on the outside (but in a good way) and just melts in your mouth. it has a sweet/salty glaze on top of the meat. this dish is just amazing. i highly recommend this dish.LAMB CHOP ROBATA - good dish but since they served it with the pork belly, this dish was overshadowed.BOBO BRAZIL - not your typical sushi roll because they put seared beef on top! this roll is super good though!!! i really recommend this one too.SAMBA STRIP ROLL - out of all the dishes that we had, i was least impressed with this roll. i ordered it because of the maine lobster but the portion is super small and the taste is bland compared to the price ($19.00). if you really wanna try this dish, i suggest you skip the sauce because it overpowers the maine lobster.Service is okay and I notice the waitress did not course our meals... Refill on drinks is also a bit slow.However, I would definitely go back to this place if ever I'm back in Las Vegas. :)
5	Fantastic flavors, quality service, squishy seating just about sums up my experience. Went here on Saturday night and enjoyed the overall experience. My friend and I started with Miso soup. Then, when looking at the menu, my friend raved about sea bass. I said I wasn't sure if I've had it... this time was memorable. Before we ordered, we asked the waitress what she recommended. She mentioned the Sea Bass and Miso robato to share and a few rolls. We picked one roll not on the menu and the BoBo Brazil. Nom Nom Nom We loved it all. The skewers of sea bass were delicate with nicely flavored sauce. It came with giant corn pieces that were sort of fun and different. The BoBo Brazil roll was very nice - I think I had this particular roll at the Chicago location, the Kobe beef gets me. The sauce on this one was a bit tangy and citrus-y. I think there were The roll that was not on the menu had tempura shirmp inside with crab on top with thinly sliced avocado. The flavors and textures were incredible. Highly recommend this place for a nice meal. My only issue was with the seating. The hostess had to literally shift over the table each tiem she sat a new couple - we were in a tight area full of tables for two. We came on a busy Saturday night, so I also recommend reservations.
4	Sushi Samba is such a young and hip restaurant with urban Japanese art all over the restaurant which is accompanied by loud upbeat music. The crowd here is pretty young and pretty drunk. haha. The table sitting next to me was cackling the entire time, but I didn't mind. Anyways, enough about the ambiance and decor, let's talk about the food and mannnnn did me and my sister order kind of A LOT. The plates are kind of tapas style so you kinda have to order a lot.My sister and I were overly excited about Sushi Samba being a Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian restaurant. We ordered a little bit of everything. So here it is:- Chicken skewers with Peruvian corn and scallops: Very very tasty. Chicken was tender and grilled to perfection! Peruvian corn, who knew such a thing existed, but nonetheless like ordinary corn. I especially liked the scallops because they were lemony and the presentation was so pretty!- Jumbo shrimp ceviche: way too sweet- Tuna ceviche: tuna was fresh and soft, not too sweet, but not too bland. 2 sushi rolls, but I forgot the name, but one of them included kobe beef, I think the Bobo Brazil... and that one was AMAZING!- Tuna tataki: MUST ORDER. Good presentation, perfect balance of crisp and soft. Tuna was tasty- Seared wagyu beef: the sauce accompanying this dish is so perfect. The beef and mushroom was so good.  Also try the dessert!We ordered more stuff, but don't wanna drag this review on. Just know that you should come here before a night of dancing and drinking because Sushi Samba is the perfect place to fill your belly and pre-game!
5	Pretty good food, we came here for my friend's birthday on our last night in Vegas and we got 3 items, their famous Seabass fish skewers, Sushi and Sashimi Combo platter, and the 5 meats combo. The first two came out really early and we finished them with ease, the Seabass is world class (but only two pieces each). The Sushi and Sashimi platter was very good as well. The best in my opinion since I'm a huge meat eater was the 5 meat combo platter, they came with sausage, pork, steak. My favorite was definitely the steak! The price all together came out to $100 not including tip. Well worth it I'd say as the 5 meat combo really filled us up (3 guys). I'll probably be back in the future. PS there was so weird video of like 1970's footage playing in the background and thought I'd mention that.
5	I'd give six stars as wellEating at Samba Sushi becomes an experience: the interior is more than nice, the reception is great. The service is impeccable: when we were walking to the restaurant, we were wondering whether we'd get the same waitress as the previous  time and ... bingo: hello gentlemen, my name is Isabella and I will be taking care of you tonight, shall I make a suggestion? As last time we let her compose us a menu and dish after dish we were wow-ing and oh-my-gosh-this-is-good-ing. She combined a more than delicious menu with the best Sake, had time for a joke and made sure we had a great dinner.The sushi was the best we'd had this time in Vegas and the meat was the tenderest. Try the beef with the seven Japanese mushroom sauce! Or better, just let the waitress pick your menu!
5	At first I didn't know about this place because it is located in the middle of a mall, almost, but the bartender was very inviting and the drinks were great!We stayed for some dinner afterwards and had some unbelievable sushi!
4	Had reservations and arrived at scheduled time. Was immediately taken to our table. Food was fantastic and the presentation of each dish was lovely. The ladies next to us kept asking what we ordered so that they could order too. We started with the Tuna Ceviche- fantastic! I had the Beef Tenderloin and Aji Panca anticuchos (two skewers served with peruvian corn), roasted seasonal vegetables, Samba strip Roll maine lobster. My friend had several sushi rolls-  everything was great! We finished with Rosca homemade doughnuts with hazelnut chocolate dipping sauce and a Warm Chocolate Banana Cake maple butter, banana chip, vanilla rum ice cream. DEVINE!!!!!!!!!! I had 2 beers and my friend had sake- dinner for 2 was a bit pricey (thus the 4 stars) but service was very good.The place is very loud, music pulsates the whole time and the video loop playing on the walls is a bit odd- it's hard to have a conversation. I want to go again and try some more dishes!
2	I was expecting a mind blowing meal, but ended up just blowing a $100 on mediocre sushi and apps. The rock shrimp was good and the red miso was ok too. Save your money on the pork belly ramen, it'sa big portion and  spicy but not that good. Sushi, which is why we went there, was ok at best. I think everyone had one piece and didn't bother finishing the rolls. Would maybe head back for a happy hour but not for a dinner.
5	classy. dim. convenient. tons of LCD tvs. great food.i recommend the 25$ teriyaki chicken. the way sushisamba prepares chicken teriyaki is unlike any restaurant that ive ever been to. i was expecting some cookie cutter skimpy chicken teriyaki. but to my surprise the chicken teriyaki came on top of a pile of purple mash potatoes and tasted AMAZING. the chicken was flavored perfectly and.. it melted in my mouth. moist, juicy, tender, man did i enjoy chewing that day. in combination with the mash potatoes makes for a most savory dish. sushi is also a good option here. sushisamba sushi comes lightly wrapped in rice rather than how sushi restaurants ordinarily fill their rolls with rice. i liked that. it accentuated the other ingredients such as kobe beef, caviar etc. we pretty much ordered all the rolls and each one was different from the next. although i cant say i enjoyed the kobe beef one as it was kind of bland. also, i wouldnt recommend the oysters because its quite ordinary.
3	I've been to SUSHISAMBA twice, and although the food is amazing, I absolutely do not recommend coming here with a large group of people.  The first time I came with a group of 4 and it was so great, I demanded to go again the next time I went to Vegas.However, this time, with 14 people, the staff was incredibly rude to us and made it extremely apparent that they did not care about us, because we would need to pay the 20% gratuity anyway.  Dining with a group of people with extremely varied tastes, we wanted to order ala carte from the menu...a simple request.  However, the waiter/maitre d refused to let us do so, and kept pushing for us to go with the "tasting sampler" which would be customized to our tastes.  He kept trying to haggle down the price, which wasn't the issue.  The issue was that some of us wanted only high quality sashimi and rolls and others did not eat raw fish.  Eventually we gave in because we had been arguing with him for nearly 45 minutes.  He promised that there would be "lots of sushi," and food started to come, without ever asking us what types of food we liked.  Eventually sushi did come...4 very, very small rolls, with the cheapest types of fish possible.Although the food they brought out was good and I tried things that I would probably not have ordered, I wanted to eat the things I did like in large quantities, as did the rest of the people in my group.  If I'm going to pay as much as food at SUSHISAMBA costs, it better damn well be things I actually want to eat.  We probably would have spent more money ordering what we actually wanted anyway.I have never dealt with service being so pushy and so unresponsive to our requests.  This trip definitely made me rethink my previous love of the restaurant, I'm not sure if I'll be back.
2	I want to like this place SO MUCH.  The food that we got was delicious (the sea bass skewers are amazingly soft and flaky, and the black truffle sauce that comes with the fried green beans is TDF), BUT the service we got was horrible.  Our server was fine--she was upbeat and tried to work with our wants, but whomever it was that also talked to us was horrible.  To be fair, we were a large group (about 14 or 15), and understandably it is hard to accommodate such a large group, let alone trying to get our food out at the same time.  Honestly, I could care less if my food came out at the same time as the people I had been sitting with.  Before we could even look at the menus to see what was available a la carte, the restaurant pushed us into this 'tasting menu' that would "incorporate our tastes as well as some of their classic dishes"--sounds fine, but in a group of 14 or 15 people who have VERY varied tastes, that is almost impossible to do.  To begin with, some of our group members didn't eat any raw fish, and others were basically only interested in raw fish.  We eventually agreed to this tasting menu just out of an unwillingness to continue "fighting".  They tried to appease by sending us some shooters and edamame, grilled shishito peppers, and fried green beans to start.  Great, and thanks, but still not the best service you could ask for at a restaurant like here. If this rating were about the food only, I would give it 5 stars.  The food really is delicious, and the decor (while strange) goes well with the feel that the restaurant seems to be going for.  The pork in our meat sampler platter was overdone and dry, but two types of beefs that were perfectly cooked made up for it.  The appetizer of some sort of spicy tempura rock shrimp salad was moist with the perfect amount of chewiness and spring; it's spicy, but not in the give-me-milk-to-guzzle-now way.  The sushi that we were served, however, was pretty sub-standard.  I'm sure this was because it had to fall in line with our tasting menu price point (which somehow got haggled down); honestly, I did not come to SushiSamba just to get spicy tuna rolls.. I could get that anywhere. In short, come here if you're in a small group.  The food really is worth it, many times over.  I'm sure it will be a far more amazing trip than the one I had in a large group.
2	thought all the nicer vegas strip restaurants should have more quality....guess i will stick to having sashimi / sushi in LA!!!
3	I love Sushi Samba and the food and drinks are great, but the service and overall dining experience of this trip was HORRENDOUS. First of all, the girl next to us had her shoes off and it was sitting right next to us and she was sitting cross-legged the whole dinner. And to make the situation even trashier, at the end of dinner, she asked us for a piece of food from our plate to show her date a trick. Our waiter was friendly, but he never checked on us and seemed like a ditz. ALL our dishes came out at once so we were busy shoving our faces with food so the food wouldn't get too warm, cold, soggy, etc. And then all of a sudden our dishes stopped and it turns out they forgot half our order. Our waiter should have checked up on us and made sure all the dishes were okay, but he had no clue as to what was going on. We were so disappointed and angry especially since the dinner was $300+. I don't expect stellar service from McDonald's but I expect good, quality service from a nice restaurant.
5	Awesome experience - great food, funky ambiance, fun vibe.Highly recommend the yellowtail crispy taquitos, sashimi tiradito (kanpachi with yozu sauce), side of peruvian corn, Green envy and Carnaval rolls. The cava float cocktail, Beijo, was also delicous (more on the sweet side). We went there twice in two days - look forward to going there again next time we're in Vegas!
4	My favorite thing about this restaurant is the option of having a "custom menu." For a flat per person fee, you can ask your waiter (ours was Max, who was incredibly attentive and friendly) to order your food for you. As a restaurant with three kitchens (Japanese, Brazillian & Peruvian, don't quote me on that last one), the diversity of dishes you can consume is great. Every time a dish was brought out for us, Max would sit down for a couple seconds and explain each dish. It was really fun not knowing what came out next! For about $70/person (with tip) we got:dumplings and cevichefour types of sashimiPeruvian corn & grilled miso seabassalbacore tuna roll & el topo rollbraised duck breast with Japanese mushroomsAll of which were AMAZING. Do the "custom menu." It's what makes this place unique and fun!
5	Perfect for large parties. You can give your server a per person budget, and they will design the menu accordingly. We did a 20 person party at $40 a person, and everyone went away satisfied. They will also accomodate dietary restrictions and preferences. For example, two guests didn't want any sushi, so they compensated with extra meat dishes for them. For dessert, you MUST try the Churros and Hot Cocoa... Heaven!
5	One word . Wow........
5	If you want to try some sushi that's prepared with a delightful spin then this place is perfect for you. The atmosphere resembles a club more than a high class restaurant.  It's filled with fast-paced dance music and most of the guests are dressed like they are ready for the club after dinner. The defining feature of the restaurant comes from its mixture of Japanese and Brazilian cuisine. Our server recommended the seviches and tiraditos; since we couldn't decide which one to get we ordered both! Seviches are sashimi served in a fruit/salsa. We had tiger shrimp in a mango salsa and tuna with grapefruit and jalapenos. The sashimi was super fresh and I loved the fruit/salsa combo.  It was sweet and refreshing. Tiraditos are sashimi immersed in a tangy sauce, probability the only dish I wasn't too fond of though.  The sauce was too sour and it overwhelmed the fish. If eating an endangered animal does not affect your conscience I would highly recommend the Chilean sea bass skewers. The fish was amazing, the meat practically flakes off on its own and the unagi sauce was so Umami! I saved the best for last. imagine eating all of the finest food: foie gras, caviar and gold?!?! all in one bite. Hurry to Sushisamba and order the Yamato roll.  At first the combination of those above ingredient wrapped in a tuna roll may seem excessive, but it absolutely worked.  It is the best roll I ever had.  The caviar and gold were subtle, but the foie gras, infused its smoky buttery flavor to an otherwise ordinary but fresh tuna roll, made it special. I would like to add, the foie gras was one of the finest I have ever eaten and it came from a SUSHI restaurant.Try Sushisamba if you are in Vegas to get a delectable and unique sushi experience.
4	Colorful & tasteful with a new twist. A wonderful dining experience with fresh and tasty sushi new-style. Love it.
2	I had high expectations for SushiSamba, and I was very disappointed with my experience there.Service: Rude.Food: There was nothing wrong with the sushi.  But there was nothing spectacular that would warrant SushiSamba's price and reputation.  The fish didn't taste that fresh, and the rolls weren't anything revolutionary -- I could have gotten any of those rolls at a lower-end Japanese restaurant in SF.  It definitely wasn't authentic Japanese, and it absolutely failed at any attempt of being Asian Fusion.Not sure why this place has so many good reviews, to be quite honest.
5	You heard that I was starting over with someone new,They told you I was moving on over you,You didn't think that I'd come back ,i'd come back swingingYou try to break me but you see...at SUSHI SAMBA! - Kelly Clarkson (stronger)This place is amazing! The restaurant is dark and fun and there's a lot of menu choices. I chose the sea bass with a soy glaze and a bunch of different vegetables and it was really good. The food came out in a very timely manner as well as service was spot on. I also ordered some dessert thingie with dark chocolate and white chocolate mousse with ice cream and sprinkles of small chocolate balls on top. Since this is vegas ill explain a little of my ratings for each one:Food: 5 stars - no complaints at all, very goodService: 5 stars - fulfilled all my requests and did so in a very timely mannerAtmosphere: 5 stars - nice and dark and cozyPrice (value): 4 stars -It compares with all the other restaurants out there that look like this
3	Japanese/Brazilian fusion is an intriguing concept.  The good: green bean tempura with black truffle aioli, antichuco tenderloin with Peruvian corn, and warm banana chocolate pie.  As far as sushi rolls go: just because you combine a bunch of flavors together doesn't necessarily make them tasty.  The king crab roll with pear was downright odd.  It was served with some type of avocado crema that was not complementary to the crab.  Everything overpowered the fish, in fact I'm not even sure if the roll contained fish.  A green envy roll advertised a wasabi pea crust that I thought would give it crunch. Negative.  Just a light dusting to give the roll yet again an odd flavor.  If you enjoy more traditional Japanese sushi this will not satisfy the craving. However, for light appetizers and drinks this makes for a good spot.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food at SushiSamba. My friend who was there before, ordered for all of us and his choices were impeccable. We started out with a house complimentary appetizer  of scallops with pesto and the feast continue on. Top dishes for me were sauteed Hamachi and Sea Bass skewers that we washed down with an excellent bottle of a cold pressed sake.The restaurant decor is  a bit dark but very pleasing on the eye with video of Brazil and Peru projected on walls. The only downside to the dining experience was service that started out a bit rough but then picked up and ended up better. So I cannot give this place 5 Stars although the food really deserves it. I will definitely be back  there when I am in Vegas
4	Came back here for the 3rd time and it was still as good as the first. The tuna tacos are so gooooooood. One of my favorite spots in Vegas.
2	I've heard alot of meh reviews of this place but I still wanted to try it out to give them a fair shot.My friends were right....Overpriced Sushi that wasn't all that great.Got this roll that literally fell apart when I tried to pick it up with chopsticks.Had maybe 3-4 different rolls but they all somehow all tasted the same and I couldnt tell them apart.Not gonna come back
5	I'm not a huge fan of "fusion," but I've got to say, this is my favorite restaurant in Vegas, bar nun.  The Rock Shrinp Tempura is simply amazing; sort of a "buffalo" wing type spicy taste, a little crisp, tender and spectacular.    The Lobster taquitos, wth Lemon and avodaco....!!!!!  Who invented this?!?  Spectabulus!  And their Sushi, itself, is a s fresh, fragrant, and laced with texture as good as any place I've eaten.
4	I came here on a saturday night for dinner to celebrate my 25th birthday with the best of company, fun entertainment, and delicious food!!! I'd been here before but always sat in the front of the restaurant... had NO clue how HUGE this place was!!! We sat in the very back (where it seems many of the large birthday parties were seated) The ambiance of the restaurant is very dark and jungle esque (if i remember correctly o.o) lol very ruckusy and vegas appropriate! There were drummers and scandalous (but h0t) dancers going up and down the aisles which provided for the fun entertainment.  But enough of that, on to the main event. We had a party of 6 and decided it best to do as our super nice server suggested, omakase style :) - Cucumber cocktail on the house!!! They brought each of us a mini cocktail to start the meal off! Very nice and considerate of them! nice and refreshing and definitely got my appetite going :) - A trio appetizer platter consisting of well salted edamame, roasted shito peppers, and deep fried string beans served in the most delicious chipotle aoli sauce (all 3 were delicious but I think my favorite would have to be the roasted shito peppers with a drizzle of lime juice for a nice kick)- Yellowtail Sashimi MINI TACOS!!! These were sooo fun and delicious! Great fushion idea! The restaurant is VERY accommodating, we mentioned to them 1 of the girls is allergic to cilantro so they brought out a special lobster taco for just for her! The flavors were bold and the taco shell was nice and crispy.  But I think I still enjoy DOS CAMINO'S mini tacos better...those are to.die.for.  - Ahi tuna over a piece of bamboo and basil leaf.  This was an interesting combination.  Probably my least favorite dish of the night.  The basil leaf was a bit overwhelming and covered the taste of the ahi too much. - Filet Mignon with oversized asparagus.  The meat was tender and very well cooked, very pink in the middle.  I'm not a big beef eater so I only ate the edges of the piece but my friends seemed to enjoy it.  Definitely not one of the top dishes of the night but was still yummy.  The ASPARAGUS however, was QUITE delicious!! they probably cooked it in butter... hahaha i'll take it :) A good bite on the outside and nice and tender on the inside! - Sea Bass with oversized Peruvian corn!!! YUMMMY!!!! The sea bass was nice and flaky.  Flavoring was a bit salty but I feel like at these restaurants they tend to do that a bit...i mean, everyones a bit intoxicated so salty foods are what people want LOL The peruvian corn was just really fun to eat!! My friends really enjoyed it but I definitely like summer sweet white corn on the cob better :) - MUSHROOM POT ON CRACK. THIS WAS DEFINITELY THE SHOW STOPPER OF THE NIGHT!!! the flavoring of the sauce, the textures of the 3? 4? different mushrooms. happiness. The sauce was like a cream of mushroom, milky, full flavored, salty, a hint of sweetness... too good. needless to say we all took a bite and just smiled in satisfaction. We all stared at each other and knew rice was needed to soak up all that bomb sauce!! - 4 different Sushi Rolls were brought out last (3.5 stars).  All 4 were decent, nothing really to rave much about unfortunately. :(  I'm a big big sushi lover and have had some off the chart rolls so I can't pretend these were anything to die for.  ***The first time I came my friend ordered for the table and I definitely think that made a difference.  They have some REALLY scrumptious dishes that I wish I could've ordered for my friends to try!! Perhaps next time!! I'll be more prepared lol OVERALL RATINGS:Food - 3.75 stars (except for the mushroom pot on crack... 4.5 stars for that)Food (for the first time I came) - 4.25 stars! Drink - 4 stars for the cucumber cocktail & bottle of Santa Margaritta Pino GrigioPresentation - 4 starsService & Ambiance - 4 starsI gave this place 4 stars mainly because I had a great time that night, and the company I kept definitely played a big part in that.  The food IS goood, just a bit $$$$.  Its definitely a GREAT place to go with a group thats just looking for some good eats, good drinks, and a great time :O) BOTTOM LINE: I'd DEFINITELY GO BACK AGAIN!!
4	We came here on our second night in Vegas. It came highly recommended from several friends, and I was excited to try it! It's Japanese and Brazilian fusion, which sounded exotic and awesome.We had a reservation, and I am quite thankful for that. It was PACKED by the time we got there. The hostess seated us immediately. The tables were all a little close to each other, and you did sort of feel like you were sitting with a bunch of strangers!Our waitress was awesome and knew the menu inside and out. She had some great suggestions (which we ordered).We had the wagyu beef sashimi (which they had to make twice because they messed up the first time). It was delicious. Next, we had the pork belly, which was just ok. I don't think I'd get it again. Then we had the yellowtail ceviche tacos, which were amazing. Finally, we ordered two rolls, the bobobrazil and the neo tokyo. I loved both of them.For dessert, we ordered the mochi. It was OUT OF CONTROL. By far the best mochi I have ever tasted. I had prosecco and my boyfriend ordered a beer. It went well with our food.I'm excited to try the location in Chicago!!!!
4	This is a fusion of so many foods that it can be confusing. But we had a great time for a party of 6 with reservations at 7pm on a Saturday night. The highlight is their intermission of Samba dancers coming around. The service was really on point as well.Food: is fusion so if you want fish, meat or chicken you can have it all. Portions are tini tiny but very tasteful. Drinks: very good!! Ask for the signature drinks of Brazil or Peru and you will be surprised.
5	We had the BEST dinner, and I mean BEST dinner I've ever had at SushiSamba Las Vegas.  I've eaten at their NY location and it was great, but this was literally one of the best meals I've ever had.   First, make sure you get Isabella as your waitress.  She is fantastic, and took great care of us.  Second, let her do the ordering for you.   Just set her loose and let her take over.  This is absolutely key!  She brought out the best mix of foods and everything just paired so well together.   She started us with a plate of sushi, and then some BBQ, and then back to fish, and on and on.   Each plate complemented the next dish so perfectly, plus she kept the drinks filled.We had to be rolled out of there, and I felt like I could have kept eating it was so good.There are a lot of places to eat at in Vegas, but it was so good that we had to come back the next night for another round.
4	The dinner was fantastic. I had a hard time choosing so I had the waitress choose. She picked the spicy tuna sushi.  Pork Gioza, salt and pepper squid, sea bass. Everything was great until we decided not to have dessert. The waitress's attitude completely changed.
5	This place made me feel like a rock star. Go to the one in Chicago, or in Vegas and you WILL have one of the best meals of your entire live!Make your res on OpenTable and get in no prob.
4	This place is amazing....
1	Seriously? Four tiny pieces in the $14 yellow tail ceviche?  Ripp off.
4	Hamachi Kama , sea bass and miso, kanpachi (yuzu, sea salt, black truffle oil), edamame.  This was a nice Japanese Restaurant find in Vegas.  It would be nice to go back and try to find some of the other dishes.
2	Food is too expensive. Over priced. Only 1 star.Service is ok. 3 stars.I don't recommend this restaurant.
5	BEST JAPANESE FUSION I'VE EATEN....EVER!!!! With my husband being Japanese, he has very high standard for Japanese food. We absolutely LOVED this place! We ordered 5 different things from the main dinner menu and it was all AMAZING! The chocolate banana cake for dessert is to die for! So in love with this place. I can't wait to visit Vegas again just to eat there!
5	Treat yourself and your friends and Eat Here!If you suggest this place, your friends and loved ones will be forever thankful.Conveniently, located inside the Palazzo, SushiSamba is one word, amazing!It not only offers great food, but you get to dine in a cool setting in an awesome Hotel.The tables are kinda cramped, but the great food and great service are worth dealing with the minor inconvenience. I definitely recommend the small plates and the Miso Sea Bass. Delicious!Utilize Opentable, and you won't have to wait for a table.
5	Something for everyone- try the seered wagu beef appetizer
5	Best sushi place in town.  The rolls are fresh and unique.  The environment is pretty cool.  Only one issue... the music is always too loud.
5	amazing food! amazing drink menu! high $$ but definitely worth it!
5	The food was inspired, delicious and beautifully presented. The atmosphere was classy, and yet sexy. The service was perfect. I had one of the best meals--actually one of the best experiences, I've had in years. Bravo!
5	Wow! This was definitely the highlight of our trip!  The atmosphere is amazing, very cool and hip.  Our waitress was probably the best we've ever had; she was friendly, fast, and so helpful with recommending items from the menu.  We had the Edamame to start, and they were perfectly done with a delicious sprinkle of sea salt & lime. Miso soup was yummy.   We then tried the Beef Tenderloin and Aji Panca, and the Peruvian corn was scrumptious!  We had a Samba Strip Roll & a Green Envy roll... OMG, so good!  For dessert we had the Chocolate Fondue.  Such a cute presentation, and simply a delicious finish to our meal.When we got our bill, we were surprised at how much we had spent, but we both agreed it was completely worth every penny! Best meal we've had in Vegas, by far!
4	Pretty pretty good (in the famous words of Larry David)...food was very good however, not sure what was going on with the service.  Server was very friendly and knowledgable; however, we ordered 5-6 apps / sushi rolls in waves...everything came out at once.  Small table for two and the entire table was filled with plates.  Hmmm...not ideal.  The tempura green beans were excellent. Everything else was pretty good.  I'd go back fo' sho'...
3	Sushi rice here is always dry. It might not be their fault. It might just be the air in Vegas. I wouldn't go here for the sushi, but the A5 grade steak cooked at the table on the stone was delicious. Other stuff ... well, I've had better.
5	Wife and I found this place in September and hit it 3 times in 3 days. Back in December and now tonight. Mari at bar is the bomb. Not only is food excellent, service is awesome.  Just witnessed them staff jump on customer service issue. Love this place. .
5	Cannot say enough good things about this spot!  We came here for happy hour, which had cheap caiprinhas and small plates at the bar!  We ordered some steak skewers, a shrimp appetizer, and an umeshisho roll.  The apps were awesome (as ere the $6 caiprinhas and cucumber martini!), but they were out of umeshisho rolls.  The manager and bartender went way out of their way to make up for it, comping our martini, offering a free set of kobe beef tacos (to DIE for) and another pair of free drinks made with muddled strawberries.  Girly?  Undoubtedly.  Delicious?  Ohhh yeah!
5	This was the BEST!!! The food was freakin awesome! Our waitress was really flirty & friendly. We had her create our menu. She made great recommendations & coordinated a great fusion of everything from appetizers & entrees. Everything tasted sooo delicious. I loved the sushi, coconut rice and the mini taco. It took awhile for the food to come but the ambiance was entertaining & it was worth waiting for.
5	I have dined here 4 times in the last four months! The food is outstanding. Gotta try the Porkbelly Ramen, and their Tempura batter, which they make themselves is so light and tasty. The service has been great every time. Celebrated our daughter's 21st birthday and they made it very memorable! Highly recommend!
4	When it comes to asian fusion food, I could probably find nothing better than Sushi Samba.  Some colleagues and myself decided to meet here for a dinner meeting and overall, atmosphere, waiting service, selection of food, and cleanliness all surpassed expectations.  I do admit though, that a) I was not ready for the bill, and b) ultimately, there's better value elsewhere.  I'll explain: The location is extremely convenient being in the middle of the Venetian Palazzo so it literally was down the elevator and to the left from my room.  The setting was a hip new age laced with asian motif. However, I felt rushed to a certain degree due to the cramptness (3 of us were 6' or taller and over 200lbs) and also the extreme business of waiter + customers + waiting line out the front.  We decided to ask the waitress to order for us as we were more interested in business discussion than the food itself, and felt that we passed on the message that we were looking for 3-4 appetizers or so to whet our palette and no more.  Yes, out came 4 dishes (to this day I'm not sure if it was the main or appy), and absolutely, each dish was delicious.  The braised pork was perfectly cooked with some searing on the edges to caramalize the sugars.  The fried shrimp was well done without any 'oily' taste or textures.  Skewered fish was the highlight of the affair in my opinion as the fish was neither too well done making it tough, or raw on the inside.  And finally, the sushi (hamachi, sake, tamago, and toro) was put together fairly well although I thought the cuts were a little thin for my taste.  The bill ended up to be just over $300 for three people without any alcohol.  It's not cheap folks.  It's definitely a personal feeling thing but at $300 I'm expecting more... I was feeling the dinner's value was no more than $60 per person and not $100+ per person.  I'd take the extra $40 per person and put it into a taxi cab fare to go to different place but then again, that's only because my value of convenience is probably lower than most.Food - A+Service - A+Atmosphere - B+Cleanliness - AValue - B
2	My boyfriend and I decided to have dinner here after seeing the reviews on yelp and based on the fact that it was in walking distance of our hotel. The atmosphere was nice, the service was decent and the sushi wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything spectacular to write home about. I'm aware that everything around the Vegas strip is going to be pretty expensive, but considering the price, I was greatly disappointed, it's definitively not worth the money, we left feeling completely unsatisfied.
1	The service is sub-par, the food is mediocre, and way way overpriced. When I was in Vegas four months ago, we ate at Sushi Roku in The Forum Shops, and were blown away by everything- you can't get anything like that back in Pennsylvania! Since my fiance and I love sushi, we figured we'd explore some more of what Vegas had to offer this time sushi-wise, and settled on Sushisamba.We were more or less ignored during our stay, waited nearly five minutes for soy sauce, had our meals come out before our appetizer, and were only checked on once
5	This is my favorite sushi fusion restaurant!  I have been to all their locations: Vegas, Chicago, NYC x2, Miami, and even Tel Aviv.  I love each and everyone and am always left satisified.  Being from LA, I make it a priority each time I am in one of these cities to go to Sushi Samba.  I always get the same staple items: Peruvian Corn, Shishito peppers, yellow tail taquitos, Neo Tokyo Roll, and random other things I am in the mood for.  On top of their amazing food, I love their drinks.  I'm a huge mojito lover and they have one of the best mojitos I have ever had.  The service is always great and the atmosphere is always fun!  Great place to go when in Vegas.  Music was also amazing.
5	This may go down in the annals as one of the best meals of my life. I knew as soon as I read the description for SushiSamba that the fusion thing would provide the party atmosphere I wanted for my birthday dinner and I was right!We started with the cocktail tower at the suggestion of our server (whose name I can't remember because I suck and she was AWESOME) who also provided an additional taste on the house. AMAZING. So I'm sure you've heard of fish tacos. But have you heard of yellowtail taquitos?! These were freaking amazing. Mini tacos filled with insanely flavorful yellowtail sashimi and a bunch of other yummy stuff. GET THEM. Besides, baby tacos? Cute. We ordered a bunch of other small plates and a ton of sushi, the names of which I cannot remember. The shrimp ceviche and crab gyoza were also amaaaaazzzzinnnnggg! Because it was my birthday, I was surprised with a sparkling (literally, there was a sparkler sticking out of it) dessert that I was nice enough to share.Everything about SushiSamba was on-point, from the food to the service to the atmosphere. It was so much fun and the best way to celebrate a birthday.P.S. Did I say AMAZING enough?
5	We celebrated my birthday this year at SushiSamba and it was exceptional. The best way to enjoy the menu here is to ask the waiter order the food for you. If you give them a set $$ amount that you want to spend they really stay within that figure and help you enjoy a variety of their dishes. More than you probably would if you tried to attempt on your own. Starting off the meal was a trio of veggie dishes including Green Bean Tempura with Black Truffle Oil. Happiness. We all loved that and ended up dipping everything we could into the Truffle Oil.For the main course we had a selection of 5 different meats with a variety of dipping sauces including two types of chimichurri, one red and one green. The red had more of a vinegar flavor to it. Different than traditional but still delicious.Sides included collard greens and peruvian corn. As a last course we were given 3 large cut rolls of sushi including the El Topo. A must if you want to experience salmon and crispy onions together. Very different and quite delicious. Obviously we had cocktails as it was my birthday, so my sister and I both ordered the Chu Cumber "chu-tini" and it was beyond. Anything with elderflower in it is refreshing and light and makes me want to jump on a plane to the most lazy, tropical destination possible.The waiter also threw in a sparkling (literally) Coco Duo dessert for my birthday. Service was great and we were all a very happy group by the time we headed out to see Jabbawokeez!!
4	Not any more overpriced than other places around here and we had a very sweet server who did everything perfectly.  Hamachi taco starter and something else that was apparently forgettable.  I had a chefs selection of sushi which included a roll which I've also forgotten the name of.  I'm realizing this isn't the best of reviews but I tend to be relatively picky a d this place was all right.
5	If you're willing to spend a little more on sushi, Sushisamba will be the only place you go to eat sushi from now on. Who would have ever thought that Japanese/Brazilian fusion would taste so delicious. Hands down, the Samba strip is the best sushi roll I have ever had in my life. Literally, after I went on my birthday I had dreams about the roll for the next week. Lobster, mangos, chives, rice, and peanut curry are my new found addiction. Realize that you only live once and because of that you deserve to try the better things in life. You have not lived until you have had two samba strips! Contrast the sushi with the five meats churrasco for a truly excellent meal.
3	Their signature roll saved them from a 2 star review.  Reading the reviews and consistency of solid reviews, I thought I found the spot!  Once there, the overpriced menu and sake list reminded me I was in Vegas, a place that should not have to be this expensive, I mean come on, people are handing money hand over fist at the tables, don't gouge us at the restaurants.  Nigiri was priced per piece at a rate higher than I'm used to paying for 2 pieces.  The rolls were decent, I liked the spicy tuna version they served, a little unique, the eel avocado was good.  My main complaint is that they are a decent sushi spot, nothing extraordinary, and their prices are simply too high.  However, the samba roll, with Maine Lobster, mango and some other delightful flavors that created a party on my palate, bumped them to 3 stars.  Great roll, $19, but that one was special.
5	Best sushi in town. Service is always the best and management very professional. Chef Bobby as well as the excecutive chef are very friendly and great cooks. All around best place to eat and have a great time. As for ther bartenders they are all great ....Theres one that is super short i think his name is Yaz like the birth control whos not able to reach when hes done making a drink so he has to ask a taller bartender to hand us our drinks. But about his drinks he makes are amazing! Hes just short!!!!!!!!!!! Liza is the best there as well handles everything very professional and gives great big hugs even the first time she meets you! great place
5	Went for my first time with a group of 7 and was blown away at the service, ambiance and not to mention the food was AH-MAZING. I've been to a lot of top notch sushi restaurants, and this was probably the most unique concept with Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian inspired dishes. With a group of 7 with a variety of tastes, likes and dislikes, one of the best things Sushi Samba does is offer a chef's selection of 3 or 4 courses based on (A) how much each person wants to spend (we chose $40/person) and (B) what each person likes, dislikes, is allergic to, etc. and (C) how many courses (we did 3).We didn't know what to expect, but the first course/starters came out and there was a piece of each starter for each person (don't you hate when there is an odd number?!) and the girl who likes chicken over fish got a steak skewer instead of raw tuna. The second course included this fabulous Peruvian grilled and butter sauteed corn that I am seriously in love with. Each kernel is the size of your index fingernail, sweet and lightly grilled for a slight chewy texture. Where can I find this at my local grocer or farmers market?! The third course included a variety of sushi including non-fish, non-raw rolls for the non-fish eaters in our group. We were a hungry bunch and left very happy. Bring your appetite because the portions are nice. Service was 5 stars with attentive staff start to finish. Our server came by regularly to check-in, the staff orchestrated plate and settings changes after each course, and we even got a complimentary strawberry vodka drink on the house.
4	I almost want to give this a 5. Near oh my god moment, but not quite.This is a little misleading. I swear this came up under "Chinese" on Yelp while we were looking for something (in a group of four) but this is definitely not Chinese. It's Japanese Brazilian fusion, which I had never had, but was awesome. The menu is a bid daunting, but the waitress offered to bring out a tasting menu for us, based on the common questions like, "are you OK with raw fish," "do you have allergies," "how do you eat red meat," etc. This was helpful - usually I'm not fazed by the large menu, but for some reason I was having problems focusing. Worth mentioning they say up front that they'll take back anything we don't like, no charge, and they do ask for a budget to keep them in line.What we got was really pretty exceptional. Gyoza steamed and pan fried, hamachi taquitos (not what you're thinking - not the deep fried rolls, but little taco shells filled with hamachi sashimi), seared tuna with baby greens and crunchy salt, and portabella fries with kabocha aioli. All sounds fancy, all really good.Then a warm plate - grilled sea bass with a sweet glaze, filet mignon (not their A5 wagyu, which we were offered for an upcharge, but declined) and king crab leg, all with a side of elote. The bass was good - tender and flaky, and I like the glaze. But it was crazy overpowered by the beef and crab. Firstly, the beef was far superior to what we had at N9NE. Tender, flavorful, and with a great salt and pepper crust on the outside, served with a little pile of powdered chile for dipping. And the crab was that near oh my god moment. An *enormous* king crab leg, brushed with a sort of thick butter sauce, served piping hot. Wow, this was exceptional. And while I guess I should expect it, points to the restaurant for realizing that serving a filet and a crab leg family style to diners that have only chopsticks required that you slice things up in to nice little bite sized pieces.Finally, sushi. Their Neo Tokyo roll, which is their version of the spicy tuna, a hamachi roll with spicy crab and avocado on top, a tuna roll with asparagus, dusted with wasabi, and an assortment of sashimi and nigiri. As well as a hot roll - something covered in melted mozzarella, crispy onions and a sweet sauce. All of the cold rolls were good - I especially liked their Neo Tokyo roll. The sashimi was also very good, but the hot roll...I could do without. It was in interesting twist - not just the cheese was hot, but the entire roll, rice and all. However, the cheese and a heaping helping of onion and sauce overpowered whatever might have been inside. This was about the only misstep I could find.The atmosphere is odd - lots of pounding techno music, along with an odd video collage (on many many video screens) of Brazilian beach babes, bullet trains, Brazilian slums, and Japanese salarymen trudging to their soul-murdering jobs. Not sure what they were going for. But whatever.Great spot - Chinese though it wasn't, we all were appropriately full when it was over (not hungry, no stuffed) and we all agreed we'd be back. The total bill, excluding drinks, was probably about $65 per person. I loved the mix of appetizers, hot beef and seafood, and sushi. If you're going with a group, this is a fun way to try stuff without having to worry about reading a menu.
4	Interesting mix of Japanese and Brazilian food. The music made it feel more like a club than a restaurant, but it felt like a trendy crowd. Get reservations or expect to wait. It's very busy.
4	A little bit on the expensive side but the quality of the food explains it all.... I had Kobe beef on the hot stone and it was marvelous!!!! The sashimi were really fresh, I recommend salmon and yellow tail to anyone who love fresh sashimi... The waitress was also attentive and helpful
3	The sushi was good, not great, just good.  Unfortunately, I've paid a lot less for much better.  3 stars because this restaurant is clever with menu items and decor, but nestled in the heart of a massive casino full of tourists and prices to boot. This place kind of reminds me of a Jefferson Airplane video, dark, yet colorful.  The wait staff were very friendly, but inattentive for an early dinner service.
4	This is one of the best sushi places on the Strip.  You can find delicious cheaper sushi off the strip, but convenience to visitors makes this more suitable.  My favorite roll is the foie gras.  Expensive, but so worth having at least once.  Personally, I get it everytime.
2	I wanted to do happy hour before a night of binge drinking so I decided to make reservations at Sushi Samba for me and my 5 girlfriends. On the reservations site I was told that happy hour was served throughout the restaurant which sounded perfect because we had a big party and we all know how crowded the bar area can get. However, once we arrived, we were told it was at the bar area only. Whomp. The bar area is super small but we managed to snag a little table and squeeze all of our bodies around it. Not the most comfortable seating, but it'll have to do.We ordered everything on their happy hour menu. All the dishes were about $5 and we wanted to try everything. Unfortunately our waitress came back 3 times just to tell us that they "no longer had this item on their happy hour menu". BOGUS! I asked why and she told me that their menu is ever changing and since we came on the last day of the month, "they ran out of ingredients". REALLY?!  So instead of eating, we decided to just drink and ate whatever few things they did have on happy hour. We ordered some rolls off their regular menu and they were all lacking. A $16 roll with only 4 pieces? Kind of ridiculous, wouldn't you agree? And it wasn't even all that. We left hungry and disappointed. Luckily we were buzzed so we got over it rather quickly.
4	I've been to the NYC ones as well, and they all always have great sushi and a very upbeat, trendy atmosphere.  The issue with this one in Vegas is that the service was extremely slow (the waiter would forget about us for long periods of time) and it was very loud and crowded.  I had to shout the entire time just so the person I was with could here me.
5	My Fiancee had been to both the NYC and Miami Sushisambas, so she wanted to try the Las Vegas one. I had been to neither, but was happy to tag along. I'm glad I did! It was great. I was wasn't sure what to expect, but everything from the edamame to the gyoza was great. The whitetail taquitos were really good, and different from anything I had tried before. The best dish was the chicken terriaki skewers. Probably the best chicken skewers I've ever had. I will gladly go back.
5	We were in Vegas and this sushi spot is off the hook we got the $40 per person option and they brought us Brazilian food Portuguese food and sushi and everything was amazing specially the sea bass. If your in Vegas and want good food this is the place but just to let you know before hand it's a bit pricey. For 8 people with two bottles of hot sake and three bottles of Asa hi beer the total was like $700
4	one of my favorite places in Vegas. it's located in the shoppes area of the Venetian near or in the palazzo side. at any rate, no real review because I like it like everyone else, and there's no shortage of people that like this place.I do have some suggestions though. first of all, make a reservation or show up very early. second, instead of getting lost in the menu -- it's a fusion restaurant so think myriad choice and complexity multiplied by something other than binary -- have the wait staff put together a tapas selection based on their favorites. tell them how adventurous you are else up may end up with little fried crabs you're supposed to eat whole. just sayin. last thing, don't leave without trying the purple mashed potatoes.it's expensive here especially with drinks - so bring your bankroll, your loan repayment program, your mommy's credit card, or your dish washing skillz.
4	Fusion sushi done right! I enjoyed the quality of service and food. The sushi was fresh and tasty. Thank you for the memorable experience!!!
2	It's not that I hated this place, but I was very unimpressed with the quality of the sushi here.  Although we only ordered four rolls (we were only in for a snack), none of the rolls knocked my socks off.  I guess when i'm in Vegas I have the unrealistic expectation that every restaurant is going to have amazing food, and this place just reiterated that it isn't possible.
3	We came here for a Bachelorette Party Dinner - a group of 14 girls.   The one bad thing about my experience here was - they could've sat us at a bigger table.  I swear we must've had the smalled table that 11 girls squished into a booth and 3 chairs at the end?  Our martini glasses were spilling everywhere!Drinks - they were REALLY slow in bringing these out to us.  And the cocktails we ordered were overly sweet.Food - we ended up doing the tasting menu ($50pp that's without drinks and tip)  I have to say - it was good they catered to what we requested and taking into consideration any food allergies one may have.  One girl had allergies to avocado, so they made a serving especially for her that excluded it.  There was a serving for each person, to get a taste of everything.  The food was alot better than I expected.  Except there is this particular taste in the sushi, I wasn't quite sure what it was it was almost floral like, I wasn't a big fan of that, but other than that all the dishes were good, even the gyoza!  I would recommend this place to others for group dinners.
4	I don't even know what to make of south american influenced sushi but why the f**ck not. this place is worth try, better than throwing your money at gambling (don't kill me ghosts of Las Vegas' Past) I felt I could have shoved a few sushi rolls up my butt to get some attention in this place but whatevers. I liked what I had, but seriously you better be dipping my sushi in some beluga caviar to justify these prices. All I'm saying is, why is every place is Las Vegas so dingy? The cleanliness of some of these places is really atrocious. I just expect a little less worn in place for the price is all i'm saying.
3	Food was very good and unique.  Yellowtail taquitos, sepia robata and Peruvian corn were distinct highlights.  Ambiance and service left something to be desired, though.  The room, while interesting was very noisy with tables right on top of each other making discreet conversation a chore.  The waitress didn't bother explaining the menu or offering suggestions other than a quick listing of specials.  Despite ordering at least 6 dishes, all the food arrived at the same time.  So much for pacing the meal!We were done our dinner in 40 minutes and feeling rushed by the staff were eager to leave.  Would return for lunch or appetizers but nt again for a leisurely meal.
5	I do have to say, with the omakase, you definitely get quite a bit.  I wouldn't want to look at the bill, but the food was amazing. The kobe a8 marbled slices of beef cooked on a hot stone slab was a perfect touch.  The sauces provided on the side hurt the flavor a little for those who just crave the taste of marbled soft juicy beef.  I guess anyone that serves this kind of food would get raving reviews because it's just that good.The sushi was okay, but the gold flakes on one of the rolls added a great effect.  The rolls were not much to speak about.We were put in the backroom which started out quiet with a small amount of groups, but it got a little busier, but not too loud.
2	Trying sushi in Vegas is seriously like throwing your money down the drain. The portions are always small and a roll will cost you about 2-4 bucks for one piece of a roll. I don't know what is all the hype about Sushisamba. There is one in Chicago and New York I believe, but I don't know why it's supposed to be so good or cool. One of the roll my fiance and I got had charboiled steak on it, which made the whole roll taste like charcoal. I also wasn't impressed with their special sauces like key lime mayo on their other rolls, but I guess you need some kind of gimmick to make your products special. The overall look of the rolls were the best I've seen either. Come on, Sushisamba. You have to step it up. The rolls were fine. I would be happy with them at another sushi place for a decent price, but since it was overpriced and small in size, I will never been happy with this place.
4	Don't know what they put in the ice tea, but it's addicting...
5	Wonderful!  We had the sashimi/seviche sampler and the Churrasco Rio Grande (with linguica, brisket and pork).  Service was quick, the food was excellent.  We ended up receiving chorizo rather than the linguica with our sampler, the server quickly brought us the linguica in addition.  The sashimi sampler was really the highlight.  Complex flavors, but perfectly balances.  A great special night out.  The drinks were great as well.
2	This place is ok but the portions have become extremely small over the years. The service isn't great either, if you don't look like a high roller they won't care about getting you anything fast. There are a ton of great sushi restaurants off the strip that are just as creative with their menu but are cheaper with bigger portions. I don't see what all the hype is about (that's what she said).
3	It was a good experience to try something new in sushi, but there was nothing that really stood out in taste that would make me return. We took a lot of the server's recommendations for popular items like the specialty dishes sea bass with Peruvian corn and Yellowtail Taquitos served like tapas, which were both good. The Peruvian corn was ok, but didn't seem to have a complimenting taste with the sea bass. We let the server know and he brought out some Purple Potato Mash just to try something different and it was better than the corn. The service was great. Our server was very knowledgeable about the food, how it was prepared and the types of sake that was offered. We enjoyed 4 different sakes, which was more enjoyable than the sushi. If you want to feel like you ate a lot, stick with mostly rolls... the rice will help fill you up.Typical price for food in LV... $$$... although I didn't think we ordered that much and the cost was just short of the 200 mark for two.Good Brazilian/Peruvian fusion... but if I had a choice between this and traditional sushi... obviously traditional.
4	I like Sushisamba a lot.  It was a fun restaurant with a cool, modern vibe to it.  It is definitely one of the more trendy sushi restaurants that I have been to.  In no way am I putting Sushisamba up there with my favorite Japanese restaurant, Sushi Ran in San Francisco.  But it was definitely worth trying out.I didn't try the omakase, but I wanted to.  I was with my wife, who doesn't like anything but meat and vegetable tempura, so I didn't want to be limited.  So we just ordered off the menu, which was fine.  The rolls here are definitely different then I'm used to.  What with all of the foie gras and wagyu beef.  The Neo Tokyo Roll was tasty.  I liked the tuna and tempura flakes together.  I also had the hamachi nigiri and the uni nigiri, both of which were very good.  I love uni, and this was good.We had the seasonal vegetable tempura, which was good.  To be honest, I've had better tempura but by no means am I saying that this wasn't a good dish.  I like vegetable tempura, so I would order this again.  We also had the the three meat Rio Grande Churrasco.  We chose the pork tenderloin, the hanger steak and the ribeye.  The hanger steak was by far the best of the three, with the ribeye coming in second.  It was so tasty.  The pork tenderloin was a bit disappointing.  It was dry and uneventful.  Next time, I'm getting three orders of the hanger steak.  And the sauces were a nice complement to the dish.Sushisamba is fun.  The food is good.  And the staff is very helpful and knowledgeable.  I had fun here, and I think that adds a lot to your experience at any restaurant.  I can say that I am a fan.
3	Happy to get a chance to eat here and even happier I wasn't paying. Wow this place is EXPENSIVE!! The staff is pushy and tries to get you spend big when you visit. Service was excellent and the food tastes great. The menu is a mix of cultures so there is more to SushiSamba then sushi. Its a classic Las Vagas chic restaurant so your paying for the location as much as anything else. Sushi was well made but as mentioned prior, way to expensive. Some rolls are priced by the piece in the 2-4$ range. If your looking for a value this not the place if your looking for a hip and trendy LV sushi spot SushiSamba is fun!
5	My friends and I were strolling through the Palazzo last evening looking for some good eats.  We were pulled in by stunning smells illuminating from Sushi Samba's cozy corner restaurant.  Service from the start was top notch.  We decided to sit bar-side.  The sous chef, Robert, came out and gave us a personal welcome for our first visit; followed by a generous on-the-house appetizer.  Sea Scallop with pesto magic.  One bite was packed full of a fresh, balanced flavor that took my taste buds to a place they haven't been in many years.  After one bite, I knew we had come to the right place.On recommendation from the chef - we ordered Sea Bass with veggies and a sweet miso drizzle.  Now to me, Sea Bass if very rarely billed as a "main course" but wow - this dish was spectacular.  A must try for any fan of the sea.  The cocktails are inventive, unique and balanced.  Try one of their special Sake Martini's - tastes like you've never had before.  Sushi Samba is the real deal.  They made it perfectly clear that the restaurant intends to better serve their customers and grow it's gourmet creations .  All of their products are the pinnacle of fresh.  No doubt restocked daily.  The presentation of everything from drinks to dinner was carefully crafted with intention and purpose.  Quick service and an aim-to-please attitude top to bottom made us feel more like we were clients than customers.We ended the night with a round of delicious fruit sake cocktails and a heart-felt thank you to Allen, the manager on duty.  In my opinion, the pricing is quite appropriate given the freshness, quality, service and atmosphere.  They nailed it, BRAVO!So if you're a fan of fine dinning, service, sushi or delicious cocktails - I highly recommend you make plans to visit Sushi Samba. Thanks for the incredible evening Sushi Samba, I'll be back soon!
5	This place is astounding- one of the best meals I've had. The cocktails were fresh and summery. Items from the robata grill, both veggies and beef/sea bass, were tender and flavorful. They served us an amazing mushroom dish with coconut milk and a mix of unique mushrooms- a real treat for the vegetarians at the table- and those of us who aren't too. Taquitos with lump grab meat, tempura veggies.... and a dessert platter with very memorable mochi and little dessert cups that included flakes of gold! It doesn't get any better than this.The atmosphere is dark and hip, reflecting the sabor of Peru, Brazil, and Japan- a super innovative and successful fusion of the three countries. Having been to Brazil twice, I liked that they projected video on the walls from Rio de Janeiro- made me nostalgic about my visits!  A classic upscale, trendy Vegas dining experience- and a fun reminder of the exciting common ground between various world cuisines. Will definitely return!
5	Moqueca Mista (all the waiters/waitresses will say that is their fave lol) & the Salmon are my go-to's. Of course, you have to try the asparagus with the truffle aioli as an appetizer. We are regulars here, and as regulars, the chef likes to treat you with special meals! This time we had kobe beef tacos (i am pescetrian, so it was nice to look at, haha) as our meal. I also love their rolls, such as the Carnival roll. The red miso is also great, I LOVE truffle, but it was a little too salty (truffle oil). The desserts are to die for, such as the mini doughnuts in the hazelnut sauce and the funky banana dish. AND, best of all... it's a stones throw from BARNEY'S!!! You can shop while you wait for your food! But, its not like the food takes very long anyway :)
1	Long overdue review.I really was disappointed because my Mom's side of the family are Asian immigrants to Brazil who had lived in South America for decades. I really thought this was going to be Brazilian style Sushi, but it wasn't. A lot of people don't know this, but Brazil has the 3rd largest population of Asians outside of Asia.  1st being the USA, 2nd being Canada, and 3rd being Brazil.  Did you also know that Brazil has more Japanese residents than the United States? So, I was very excited that a place like this opened up. I am a big fan of "fusion sushi".  I love new and creative twists on the oldschool style maki, but Sushisamba just doesn't do it as well as other sushi restaurants. Sushi is really really popular in Brazil.  And unlike Americans, the Brazilian sushi houses tend to be very traditional. That means that they don't really like California rolls or other types of fusion sushi that is popular in America.  But, the menu here is more similar to Ichiro Mashita's American style sushi. Sushisamba prides themselves on having "fresh fish", that is of higher quality than smaller sushi restaurants and that is their justification for charging higher prices. But, even places like Sushi Bomb(North West), Sushi on Rainbow(Koreatown), Sushi Twister(Boulder Highway) and even the overrated Goyemon(Southwest) have fresh fish flown in everyday, and some of these places even keep the fish alive in tanks until the day of serving. And they only charge a fraction of what this place does. You know, even the Edomaezushi style Kabuto restaurant's prices are lower than this place.  I guess I'm just really upset over the fact that they hyped this place up as a Brazilian-Japanese style restaurant and it wasn't any of that. It wasn't Brazilian cuisine and it really wasn't authentic Japanese cuisine. And, I just recently found out that the owner of this place is a guy named Matthew Johnson. That doesn't sound Brazilian or Japanese to me. You know how a lot of full-blooded Japanese yelpers always complain about how they hate Sushi bars that are owned and operated by non-Japanese Asians and have Latino cooks? Yet, this place is owned by a White man from New York City and we don't find those same Japanese Yelpers complaining? Why is that? Someone explain that to me? Where is Alex S and Hootie B??
5	Huge fan of this place - try to get here anytime i'm in Vegas or NYC.  Fish quality is excellent and the mix of Japanese and Brazilian is an interesting twist that goes beyond the standard asian fusion locales.Opt for the omakase (pick a price range with your server), sit back and enjoy the creations they bring through. Make sure it comes with Peruvian corn - can't miss side dishSome favorites-Maine Lobster Taquitos-Miso marinated Chilean Sea Bass-Ribeye Robata-Samba Strip RollAlso a perfect place for groups - particularly if you're looking for a fun place to hit up before going out (XS, Tryst, Tao all very close).
3	This Sushi Samba is hit or miss. Been here and had awesome food, other times I have not been that impressed.  My staple dishes are:Otsumami appetizershishito peppersyellowtail taquitosseabass robata with peruvian corn (this is a favorite of mine)neo tokyo rollel topo rollgreen envy rollLast time I went I also ordered the drink tree with my friends. That was fun, the drinks tasted like candy and it was perfect for 4 people!All in all, I have had more positive experiences as this samba that negative, but even so I much prefer the New York locations to this one.
4	I came here with a small group for dinner late night after arriving in Vegas late.  Sushi Samba was able to extend our reservation until 1am.  After we sat down, we decided to go with the omakase and it did not disappoint.  It came out with a heaping amount of food including: edamame, tempura string beans, ceviche tacos, sushi, steak, rice, etc... and i can't forget the peruvian corn.Definitely go with the omakase!
5	SushiSamba Las Vegas is 100x better than the Miami location.. The service is A1 and so is the food. The menu has a better selection of Brazilian, Japanese, and Peruvian dishes that are absolutely divine. The drinks are also fantastic. We had the Samba juice and the Cucumber martinis which weren't overpowering but very refreshing. Our waiter was extremely friendly and knowledgable about the menu, and  was really helpful with our choices. Highly recommend this place!
5	Japanese. Peruvian. Brazilian. So good.Omakase is the way to go. Hopefully you'll get the bbq'd seabass skewers that will melt like butter in your mouth and the yellowtail tacos.
5	Amazing service. Max is the greatest. Management is attentive and took very good care of us. I will be coming back to try the pork belly ramen soup!
4	Want to give a huge shout out to Sushi samba, A big thanks to Joshua Wolf & chef Herb as well as the rest of the bartenders. You all make a great team and show a huge satisfaction, my company and I got a chance to meet the team and enjoy A five night in a row dinner in SUSHI SAMBA, hope we didn't make to much of a mess and weren't to loud, there will be much more evening's to come by, I have one huge request and thats for you guys to sit on shimons head and get one opened up in LOS ANGELES "ASAP" Thanks Again..Sincerely Golan M.
4	My mom is entering the twilight of her years and sanity and we celebrated this occasion by taking her to Las Vegas. 60 years on this planet and the woman had never been to this little stretch of desert. Go figure.I'm a bit of a millionaire (actual percentage varies but it has been known to exceed the single digits) so I decided that I was going to pick up the check on dinner for the three nights we were in town. I made all the reservations and I made sure we were all on time. I am that kind of guy. This is how I have amassed my aforementioned fortune. Details. The deets.We got to Palazzo a few minutes late, actually, so disregard anything I said about our timeliness. Anyway, they seated us right away. We had a nice round table with a view of a support column. It was one hell of a sexy support column, mind you. All white and supporty-looking. Damn. I bet it works nights on the other side of town if you know what I mean right right right?OK this review is getting carried away with itself, I'm sorry about that. Realizing that most of my family were classless heathens from New Hampshire I decided to let the waitress know our food allergies and from there, order anything she thought we might like. This might be the time to let you know that if you do this, they do a very good job of selecting tasty, pain-free food, but it may result in somewhat of a shock to your wallet. Just an FYI, really. Five people, with limited alcohol being served, and the bill came to about $450 after tip.A dent in my bank account, you see, as I am ballin' out of control. I want to say something about making it precipitate that hasn't already been said but I can't think of something witty enough to include here. Please imagine dollar bills falling from cumulus clouds at a rapid pace.Everyone was happy with the meal, though on the way in one of our group suggested that we go to Senor Frogs instead, and I almost did a 180 and walked back to my white Audi A5 2.0T with tan leather trim and drove all the way back to LA that instant, leaving my brother behind, even though he wasn't the one who made the comment. Almost. But I didn't, because it was mom's 60th birthday weekend and I wasn't going to let them bring me down, bro.PS we ended up going to Senor Frogs for drinks after and it was fun, too. My brother ordered a drink that almost came out in a glass shaped like male genitalia. These are the moments that Instagram was invented for, brother.If I were you, I would listen to the following advice from me: go to SUSHISAMBA and remember that money is temporary but food is forever. And then order like a man on the electric chair. YOLO for sure.
3	We ate here about a year ago.  I remember enjoying the food and atmosphere.  Can't recall what we ate, but I do remember that it wasn't too bad.  Will have to go again and post a better review.
5	I love the concept of this restaurant - mixing three cultures into one food experience. It definitely did not disappoint!The menu is extensive, so it's easy to get carried away with ordering what looks and sounds good. The yellowtail taquitos were great, served in perfect little taco portions. The kanpachi and octopus (not on the menu) tiraditos were both pleasant surprises! Very fresh tasting and the flavors were vibrant. It goes without saying that the seabass robata was excellent...the fish was juicy and succulent. The pork belly was also great! The Pacific and BoBo Brazil rolls were out of this world....interesting mixes of ingredients and flavors that all somehow worked together.
5	SUSHISAMBA provides an interesting mix of Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian flavors.  The interior is dimly lit and contemporary; a very attractive dining space.I was with a large party, and our server put together a tasting menu that was within our desired price range and provided a diverse portrait of the cuisine the restaurant offers.  The service was excellent, and dealt with our group very well.  There was one drink order that seemed to have been forgotten, but these errors can happen.  When it was brought to the server's attention, it was dealt with promptly and apogetically.  Our meal consisted of about ten small-plates, portioned for sharing among the table.  While every dish was enjoyable, there were definite highlights.  My personal favorites were the yellowtail ceviche taquitos, and a decadent sushi roll that was topped with foie gras, pork belly, and gold leaf.  The accomodating service and unique culinary influences of SUSHISAMBA make for a brilliant dining experience.
5	Made it in two times last weekend in Vegas.  As usual, service and food was great.  First night was a snack.  Drinks, if you love tequila, try the Palmia, adds mints.  Wicked refreshing.  Tried the lobster robata, cooked perfectly, but not sure if I enjoyed the flavors as much as previous items.  They do so much in the kitchen, that when you try so much, it's tough to enjoy everything because there are a vast variety of flavors.  Lobster robata had a spicy ikura vinagrette, with some heat to it.  Freshest sushi and sashimi i've ever had.  Signature dish for me is the sea bass robata anticucho.
4	I went to Sushi Samba on a whim; so the cheeky advertisment on a taxi in LV and decided eh? what the hey.I was very pleasantly suprised. For asian fusion I would say this is one of the best places I've had and I've had alot of Asian fusion. Everything was fresh and delicious and  the interior was very Chic and Modern. Also the place had very lovely plating and made for very good photos .Their food was very creative and I will recommend to anyone who is interested in something new and progressive.
3	The food was of pretty decent quality and I liked the marrying of different kinds of styles; I really think that their fusion dishes are better than their traditional dishes. We also really liked the drinks.  The service was pretty awkward; we apparently came in during a shift change and it wasn't handled very well.  My biggest gripe is the sashimi served in incredibly tiny cuts at one piece per oder. It was the least impressive thing that we ate. I actually wondered if it was a mistake and the waiter was of little help, so I'm still not certain. I wouldn't mind the prices they charge for it if the portions were better or the quality was better. I'll eat here again, but I won't order the sushi or sashimi next time and I'll make sure that there isn't a shift change happening.
5	This place rocks!  Good sushi and filet...even the vegetables were screamin - collard greens, grilled asparagus. Asian food w/ some peruvian influence...fish was fresh and tasty!  You name it!  It was very good for our large party.  We visited 2xs while we were there for the weekend.  I'd love to go again when we're in town!
5	Came to Vegas for a Bachelorette Party..made reservations for this place and it was awesome!!Waiter was SUPER Nice and made sure we enjoyed the food, were comfortable, and never made us feel rushed.We had a choice of ordering separate or rolls or Chef Choice Family Style which is around $50 per person. We chose family style...but first the waiter checked for food allergies and if we did not like anything he would take it away no questions asked.First they came out with appetizers..squid, edamame, and a crab dish very vague desciption but it's Vegas so who can remember..Then came out the rolls..it was a mix or rainbow roll and a lobster roll and something with unagi. The lobster roll was delicious and so creative!!!Then came out beef and fish kebobs sauteed in sweet and tangy sauce..it melted in my mouth!!! There were five of us girls and we received a free shot from the general manager and we looked around to see if any other table received the treatment and no they did not!All in all make reservations and GO! Great place for dinner but plan to spend some money and get family style.
2	This Sushi place is way overpriced and the sushi rolls are not that great.  We stayed in the Palazzo at the Venetian and wanted sushi.  We were disappointed.  The sushi rolls are tiny and tasted mediocre.  The only thing that I liked was the sashimi and the sauce that came with it.  This place is not worth it.
4	We decided on our last night in Vegas to splurge a bit, and we love sushi so this was definitely the place.Overall, the food was delicious and because they have a sushi, peruvian, and brazilian theme it was all new and interesting. We had two roles which were excellent, tempura which tasted like standard yummy tempura, and something else that I remember being good as well. Had some cocktails throughout dinner which were all strong and very tasty. We were very pleased with our splurge evening.The only reason that I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is that the servings are very small for the price. I'm not a big eater but that night we ended up ordering more food because we simply weren't full with our two roles and tempura. For the price, I think we should have gotten a bit more.
5	Once you get past the crowds in the Canal Shops, Samba Sushi is a real find.  Varied menu combining Asian and South American cultures.  We had a shrimp teriyaki roll, an eel roll and a dragon rainbow roll.  Also got the teriyaki chicken skewers with their speciality corn.  Everything was delicious.  No wait time, service was fast, efficient without feeling rushed.  Clean, not terribly loud and Drago was a great waiter.  Prices were OK for Vegas considering that I come from the era of free drinks, shrimp bars along the casino walls and all you can eat buffets.
4	Yummy for my tummy! I don't know why the Palazzo Casino considers this place fine dining when you can't even hear yourself think. Its more of a casual place to me. People are filing in from the casino so yeah... Anyway, they serve Brazilian, Peruvian and Japanese styled food. The waiters are all on point, super nice, and they do care about your overall dining experience. This is a cute place to go on a date (If you don't mind not talking due to the noise), or a place to hang with your peeps. Go!
4	great food & fun atmosphere! I ordered for the table and the waiter suggested to add some dishes and I declined, but he sent some random things out anyhow! They ended up being great, so I didnt send them back, but it was worthy of docking a star for not listening ;)
2	It's what you'd expect from a sushi restaurant that is in one of the nicer hotels on the strip.  The quality of the fish was good and the rolls were above average.  The difficulty I found was that the meal wasn't very memorable.  Although the roll selection was very unique, nothing stood out as a 'Wow, I'll remember this roll forever' type of experience.  For the price, it wasn't as good as it should have been.Additionally, the service was lackluster.  The sushi came out super fast after we ordered, which is troubling considering it took 10 minutes just for the waiter to take our drink orders and then another 15 before the manager realized our order hadn't been taken yet.Overall a decent meal that was expensive and not very memorable.
2	Yuck! Here is why. We sat at the Sushi Bar and the stupid thing is constructed so you can't watch the chef's make the sushi. That is 1/2 the fun! Because the bar is so high you are eye to eye with the dead fish creatures. I had parts of an octopus staring at me the whole time. I am vegetarian so that was creepy. The writing on the menu is so tiny it is ridiculous. I ordered the edamame and it was awful. How do you f'up edamame? My guess, didn't leave it in the microwave long enough. My b/f said the sushi was "ok" but nothing spectacular. The last straw for me is from the sushi bar you look right into the dishwasher area. Great appetizing view that was. Take a pass on this place!Update: The manager called me to sort out the problems we had there on the 4th of July. They seemed genuinely interested in fixing the problems. He invited us back the next time we are in Vegas, which will be soon most likely. I will advise on how it goes.
4	Pretty pricey but the service was pretty stellar and the food was spectaular! I really loved the fish tacos. They melt in your mouth! The cocktail tree is cute and fun for parties. I thought it was perfectly portioned before a night out on the town.
4	Interesting Japanese, Brazilian and Peruvian fusion. The interior was really unique which added to the ambience. I've never had a Caipirinha before but I was pleasantly surprised. Sort of like a Brazilian mojito but much stronger here. The sea bass skewers were delicious and the corn looked like huge mutant corn and was sweet. The pork belly ramen tasted like sweet and sour soup but instead of the sour, it was spicy. The pork belly itself was a little tough. Though, that didn't mean it wasn't good.
5	Great food! I would have never known sushi could be soo good if I'd not gone with friends. I'm not be any means a sushi eater but this place definitely changed my perspective. My favorites were the Avacado roll and Chilean Sea Bass skewers. Single mixed drinks are strong which is great because I hate water-downed drinks. If going with a group as I did, and plan on drinking, DO NOT opt for the 3-4 mixed drink carousel/tower! It's a major rip off for the price they charge for it - $70. You're definitely better off buying individual drinks which are nice and strong. Great atmosphere/ seating/ music.
3	Well three of us went here for my husbands birthday last night. We primarily got sushi and the Samba Sushi rolls. So here is the good and the bad:Bad: We made a reservation for 9pm and were still left waiting 20min for a table. I feel whats the point of a reservation if your stuck waiting.The Samba rolls are a little over priced, but its Vegas so its expected.They don't give you wasabi....HELLO its sushi who doesn't give wasabi and pickled ginger. Instead you get this creamy green stuff they claim is wasabi but it's not. Not one hint of spice, tastes more like creamy avocado.Also rolls are not full rolls like a regular sushi place, they are pretty small.Good: Service was good, our waitress was attentive even though the place was slammed.Also the rolls were tasty. If you do go for sushi the El Toro Samba roll is amazing, as well as the Pacifico. So for 7 rolls my bill was $95.00 and we eat them in l less time then our wait for them to be made. I personally wouldn't go here again just because I felt for my time, and money I can find another Sushi place just off the strip thats way better.
4	Food 4 StarsService 4 StarsAtmosphere 5 StarsThe food is exceptionally creative and may be a bit challenging for someone who really enjoys traditional Sushi, but they do serve traditional style as well. I like the super heated river stone (Koren BBQ style) cooking stone with Kobe beef, oil, sea salt, and black pepper.  The sake menu is one of the best I've ever seen and the overall atmosphere is trendy and fun. The Foie Gras was AMAZING. I ended up having a great time and I'll be back real soon.
5	My new favorite restaurant in Vegas!  We did the chef's menu (omakase).  SO delicious!  The steak with mushrooms...omg!  Fabulous!  You can set your own price & they'll make enough food for that amount.  I'm a Japanese food snob & would highly recommend this place!
5	THIS PLACE IS THE SHIT!So I have been to their Miami and NY locations but LV held it down!  We came here for my friends bday celebration and they hooked us up! We did a chef tasting type thing and the executive chef came to meet us, the manager brought us free shots, and our waiter MAX was the best! He totally hooked us up!CHILEAN SEA BASS IS A MUST---heaven in your mouth!SAMBA JUICE is delish!I can't wait to go back!
4	The only reason I dont give 5 stars is because the place is quite expensive, somehow worthy, but still expensive...
5	i cant believe i forgot to tell EVERYONE just how much we liked  SUSHISAMBA..  it was a seafood and sushi lovers delight.   we've eaten sushi all over the world,  but SUSHISAMBA really stays in our minds.  i can still see my seaweed salad,  (so good),  and those rainbowdragon samba rolls,  that we devoured before our main course,  a plate so large,  we split it two ways!   it think it was called  MOQUECA MISTA,  something like that,  that included shrimp,  squid,  seabass,  to die for!   it has been a couple months and i can still taste that seafood,  prepared perfectly....  the atmosphere was nice,  so was my company.   we had a great meal,  we definitly will make  SUSHISAMBA our first stop on our next trip to vegas!   WORTH EVERY DIME!!!!
5	thIs was my second tIme and wow amazing sushi!! the spicy tuna rolls are amazing. beautiful environment and 10/10 service! will come back again
3	The sushi was very tasty but the portions were very small for the price. Service was good. Restaurant was loud as to be expected in a Vegas restaurant.
5	Amazing! The purple mashed potatoes are an absolute MUST try. Everything you try is life changing! Chef Herb stopped by our table and he was so charming a personable! I never come to Vegas without eating here! 5 stars is not enough!
5	This is a fantastic restaurant! I have eaten at wonderful places all over the world and the meal my friends and I enjoyed at Sushi Samba competed with any other I have ever had. The restaurant is beautiful and the service was great. We had the pleasure of meeting Herb the Chef and he was amazing. I've considered making the 6 hour drive just to dine there again. I was in Vegas for a bachelor party and dinner at SS was by far the highlight of the weekend. We will be Back!Thanks for a great time and great meal Herb and Staff!
5	Came here for my birthday with my girlfriends and the service was great! Our waitress was very nice and welcoming. Since we and 6 or more people, she suggested that we do the pre-fixed 4 course meal that we can share family style. We told her what we liked, what we didn't like, what we were allergic to, and they made our food according to our liking.The food was really good! All of my girls were surprised to see that we liked every single dish! We also ordered hamachi shots (without sake) and it was still very flavorful! I would totally recommend this place! Can't wait to come back again~
3	I celebrated my birthday here and was looking forward to trying the wonderful looking food I've seen posted. I even picked out the most popular items (of course, according to Yelp) and took my server's recommendations. However, I expected my taste buds to have a party that night, and it fell a little short.Overall, it was a good dinner. Service was impeccable. From beginning to end, their staff worked perfectly together to make sure we enjoyed our experience. Water were always refilled, our emptied plates were cleared immediately, yet they didn't hover or rush us. Very friendly. We really couldn't have asked for a better wait staff to serve us.What did we order?Crispy Taquitos - Yellowtail & LobsterRib-Eye Robata SkewersMiso Marinated Chilean Sea Bass w/ Purple Sweet Mashed PotatoesPeruvian CornSamba Strip RollBobo Brazil RollRosca - donutsThe best tasting dishes for us was of course the Chilean Sea Bass. It was good enough that we were a bit disappointed that it was such a small serving size. Two small skewers. Peruvian Corn was also a hit. However, the sushi rolls were well presented, but lacked much in flavor. The rib-eye and taquitos were decent, but as I reiterate, all pretty to look at, yet nothing came close to being a wow.Setting is very nice, the restaurant is nice set up to accommodate large parties as well as couples. Bar serves food and offer happy hour drinks till 7pm on weekdays. I definitely appreciated the complimentary birthday dessert, the Coco Duo, which was sweet and yummy. Photos are available of all items I listed here. 3 stars for now, however I'd definitely give Sushi Samba another try. Maybe the wow will come later...
2	What a disappointment.No point in having a reservation as you will have to wait 20-30 min. after your scheduled time.  The front end pretty much sucks. Our server was very good though.Food was small, nothing special, and ridiculously priced.-Rock Shrimp was good, but like a glorified calamari dish, nothing spectacular -Fusion rolls were a joke, no flavor-Sea Bass was AWESOME!  2 tiny skewers like $20, um ok, not worth itThe restaurant is pretty popping, and trendy with a DJ its a cool environmentMy recommendation is to go sit at the bar have a few drinks, and maybe an appetizer if you are staying at Palazzo, if not skip Sushisamba.
5	So I've been back at least 6 times now and it's perfect every time.  Of course some servers are better / nicer than others but my food has been perfect and amazing every time!  I will continue to return time and time again!!
4	Everything was extremely good, specially for 1am starving from a day of drinking at the ENCORE pool.  Everything that we picked was great.  I asked the waiter to pick two of his favorites.  He picked a bbq something and some philly thing.  Not very good but we can't complain.  I'd go back!
3	While my better half was making moolah at the poker table, I needed to escape the ding-ding-ding sounds of the casino and decided to grab some happy hour. A short walk from the Encore, SushiSamba seemed to fit my need for some discounted booze and appetizers. Their long oval bar by the main entrance was pretty much empty, so I easily settled into a spot and perused their happy hour offerings. They offered three different whiskey cocktail concoctions for $6. Not being a huge whiskey fan, I picked the one that sounded the least rough to me. It was actually pretty decent, although I could have used a little more cocktail and a lot less ice. I picked three appetizers, an amount that is generally plenty at most happy hours to fill me up to the brim. The shrimp & chorizo skewers (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=rDJUWVRIOa0MXgtMILQ7HA#rDJUWVRIOa0MXgtMILQ7HA) were my favorite. The shrimp was barely cooked through with nice char marks and the chorizo had great flavors. The chimichurri-like sauce on top was great. I could have eaten a lot more of these. The sliced ahi tuna (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=rDJUWVRIOa0MXgtMILQ7HA#-AMDCTLNjWrfNMkPbPGf0A) consisted of two very thin pieces of ahi drowned  in a soy-mustard sauce and topped with a halved cherry tomato and some leaves. This portion was super tiny and made me wonder whether happy hour at this place meant you get a quarter of the portion for half the price of the regular appetizer dish... I got the same feeling with the shredded pork mini tacos (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pH0BLkL4cbxKzu471VZnuA?select=rDJUWVRIOa0MXgtMILQ7HA#i30qdbtwZSj2f8tNbjkqLQ). One bite and those suckers were gone. The spicy sauce on the side served in a shot glass looked cool, but it was so frickin' hot (the bartenders thoroughly warned me) that you could only use a mini droplet on each taco. So what was the point of serving that much sauce? Again, the portion size was disappointing and the taco was just average. Two drinks & three appetizers = $37 (including tip). I left hungry and unimpressed. For around $40 I can usually eat and drink myself into stupidity at happy hour. Sheesh, I could have had a great entree and a nice glass of wine at many of Vegas' amazing restaurants instead. Oh well, SushiSamba is overpriced for its portions and the dishes were nothing mind blowing. Don't think I'll be back here anytime soon.
4	I flipping LOVE SushiSamba. I've been here 3 times and it's just been incredible. This most recent trip, we were a group of 9 girls for a bachelorette party. We had lucked out by getting reservations the day of and they didn't make us wait. I thought they seated us in a weird spot...but no, our reservations were just so early, the place wasn't that full, but the table ended up being fine.We decided to do the omakase style for around $50/person. They brought out the cocktail tree with 9 glasses of the Samba Juice which was incredible and such a great way for them to start wooing us, haha. - First course: fried green beans with truffle aioli (my fave!), grilled jalepenos (big hit!), and edamame.- Second course: Fish tacquitos (loved the shell, very crispy), a mushroom tacquito & large salad for the vegetarian, and pork pot stickers (good not great). - Third course: the famed Chilean Sea Bass skewers (melt.in.your.mouth), scallops with like a chimichurri sauce (delicious), and the Peruvian corn (so unique). - Fourth course: Meat/mushroom coconut milk "curry" (I hate coconut milk, and this was the one dish that we didn't make a considerable dent in...and they don't serve rice with this! Weird).- Fifth course: Sushi. There were 3 different fish sushi rolls (salmon, tuna, and something else) and then 3 vegetarian (avocado, cucumber, and sweet potato--sweet potato was my fave!). They then brought out the dessert for my friend, which was comp'd which was nice.In my opinion, I felt like the chef prepared way too many fish dishes for this particular group because we had a vegetarian, we had someone who was allergic to shellfish, and we had 3 people who didn't like fish...and yet, we got A LOT of fish. I think a lot of people go to SushiSamba and expect sushi...but it's fushion, it's not traditional sushi. I would definitely recommend doing the omakase style to start out--you can do it for $30-$75 per person and it's really fun. I rate it 4 stars because I think they should be more creative for vegetarians--vegetarians eat more than mushrooms :) But the service is GREAT and the food is amazing. Definitely one of my most consistent favorite places in Vegas.
4	great fusion restaurant with a nice mix of small plates and interesting entrees. my favorite dish is the "moqueca mista" - a rice dish covered in a ton of seafood "curry". the flavor of the sauce is perfect and not overly sweet or coconut-flavored. we also tried:1. crispy yellowtail taquitos - SO GOOD and perfectly crispy 2. ceviche +tiradito combo of 4 - nothing special3. berkshire pork belly robata - a little too sweet with the butterscotch miso 4. sea bass robata - also a bit too sweet5. salt + pepper squid - YUM, this was fried with a lot of flavor6. rock shrimp tempura - a bit too much mayo-sauce for my tasteoverall this was our second visit and if you order just the right things (i would stick with the fried appetizers and moqueca mista) then it's a great meal. it's pricey - but hey, it's vegas so i'm not really factoring that into my review. i would definitely go back again!
4	My wife and I eat quite a bit of sushi and wanted to try this out to see if they do have a twist to standard sushi.  Fish was fresh and the service was quite good.  We stayed away from the standards and ordered the yellow tale taquitos, pork and pumpkin goyza and sea bass on skewers, all three we excellent.  The Carnival and Brazil rolls were good as well, I ordered the tuna and quinoa roll to see if what it was like - that was the one thing that was sort of meh.  All in all a good spot
4	This place is awesome and I don't know anyone who doesn't like eating here.The service is outstanding, they can accommodate huge parties in the back of the restaurant and the menu itself is top notch.The sea bass, sashimi, all their appetizers are phenomenal. Ironically I think the rolls and some of the sushi are the weakest things on their menu but the sashimi we got was super fresh. Also, get the seaweed sampler. I dont know why but I thought it was cool how you can get a plate with all kinds of different seaweed.The bartenders at the little bar at the entrance also know whats up and the Dominican dude can pretty much mix up whatever drink you want.The only reason i'm not giving this place 5 stars is b/c their rolls were pretty bland and not super imaginative. Sushi samba is a pretty safe bet for dinner, regardless of who is in your party. They'll be satisfied. Unless they suck.
3	Our first meal after a very long plane flight from the east coast turned out to be ok,but not over the top. The restaurant is very noisy,had to yell across the small table to my man . The waiter was terrific(thanks Carmine)'you really were a huge help. The food was tasty but nothing special,because of the noise level we opted out early and skipped dessert and coffee. All in all ok but nothing amazing.
5	Had and amazing time last night at Sushisamba. Great food all around and very cool decor. Was there for company dinner and the service was outstanding and the wood was very fresh tasting. In the end, I ate waaaaaaay too much!
4	we had 2 things to eat and a glass of sake (it was a shot actually ) and the bill came out to $150. Honestly, the food is good and different but you have to be in the mood to splurge here because the prices are extravagant
5	Amazing sushi with an excellent and truly unique atmosphere. Perfect for a romantic get-away.
4	Our server was competent but oddly disengaged. The space is cool and theatrical (like all SushiSambas are) and has a fun buzzy vibe.The food was worth the somewhat spendy price-tag. This is a special occasion place, and holds up the vibe and quality of the other SushiSamba outlets.Recommended for a splurge when your in Vegas (or NYC, Miami, or Chicago -- tho Chicago is still my favorite SS.)
5	Oh wow! The best sushi I have ever had!!! The edsumame appetizer was amazing! Definitely try the sea bass!!!! MELT IN YO MOUTH!!!!The restraunt was dark and very hip. The waiter was very knowledagble about the menu and was able to suggest some menu items that we absolutly loved!!
4	Warning, this review may be biased because I ate here right after a big day with a workout and massage at Canyon Ranch Spa.  We immediately got a table.  They had a tuna and salmon dish with two selections of each.  All four were delicious.  The fish was fresh and the preparation was different with a flair.  As Arnold says, I will be back.
5	I'v posted on this before. Just can't say enough.  I think this is my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  The dish's are endlessly surprising, and endouringly flavorful.  Everything!!
3	Sushi is mediocre.Prices are high.Service is pretty bad. There are a lot of better places to eat in Vegas.
4	The atmosphere is really cool - especially the bathrooms!  Never a dull moment in Vegas. BUT ... our server was way rude.  We are in our 20s, we weren't very dressed up, we had just been walking around all day and wanted to end the evening with a big yummy meal.  The server made very clear to us how expensive the meal was going to be.  Yea, dude.  We can read the prices on the menu.  We all have smartphones and knew that this was a "$$$"+ place when we walked in.  It seemed he had made an assumption that we weren't going to spend a lot or tip well, and that was pretty annoying.  We didn't let him ruin our meal ...... but he could have done a lot to make it better.  I'd come back and give it a second shot, because the meal was THAT delicious.  Great fusion selections, really unique and fun food.
4	I went to Vegas this past weekend with my sister and sisnlaw and we were looking for a place to have dinner for our first night there.We were craving something fresh but filling. We walked into Palazzo and look on thedirectory if they had a sushi restaurant. We found Sushi Samba.We walked over and our waiting time for a table was about 45 minutes long. We didn't feel like waiting since we were hungry, so we sat at the bar. Our waiter was very nice and outgoing. He made our drinks very good and strong! (you get your money's worth)The restaurant/bar is very clean,dimmed lighting, DJ played good music.We had miso soup to start off with and ordered 5 different rolls. (with a side of rice bowls)I must say the food was amazing! Very fresh and delicious..I would definitely come back again.
1	I'm back bitches!  Unfortunately, the review that I chose my return on isn't a glowing five star, but a glowering 1 star.The only meal I ate in Vegas for 3 days ( I kid you not) was Friday not at this place.  It came highly recommended by numerous friends, so I thought this should be some great sushi.  Boy was I mistaken. Firstly, we had a 10PM reservation.  We arrived at 9:45 thinking we'll grab a seat at the bar and sip on a cocktail and people watch at all the bachelorette parties, etc.  Well, 45 mins later and we still didn't have a table.  My stomach was growling, and my face was scowling at this point.  The hostess was rude when we would ask how much longer for a table, she would just say, You're next.  Really? I'm next you said that 10 people ago??!!When we finally got our seats, we ordered the following:--Rock shrimp:  It was tempura battered.  The first few bites were good, but as everything began to cool, it just became mushy.  --Fusion sushi roll was boring, bland and well, you get the point--The only thing that was excellent was the sea bass. It was moist, delicate and absolutely delicious.  But, $25 for 2 skewers left me wanting.  The peruvian corn was awful..The restaurant itself is everything that you would expect from Vegas. Upscale, trendy and expensive.  $200 for three items and 4 cocktails.  Not worth my only eating experience in Vegas that weekend.
1	Sorry, SushiSamba, but what happens in Vegas, certainly does not stay in Vegas.I was recently on a business trip to the Sin City and ate at SushiSamba three separate occasions. The first two were great experiences, but sadly third time wasn't a charm. It completely ruined my entire experience.While the sushi was good (certainly not the best I've ever had) I was appalled when my co-worker found a hair in his roll during my third meal there. As soon as he did, we notified our waitress and her reply was "can I get you another roll?" so he ordered a new one. Then she asks, "is it blonde? Because if it is, it may have been mine but don't worry I showered this morning."Yelpers, I kid you not.OH GEE THANKS! Now I can rest assured knowing your dead skin cells that are possibly floating around my stomach were at least CLEAN.I about died - but instead stuck to eating coconut rice (I didn't dare touch a roll). A few minutes later..... another hair.This time I stormed up and demanded the manager who questioned us the entire time and seemed entirely unconvinced that there was any hair in either of the rolls. I am sorry, but when a customer is SHOWING YOU a hair in their food, you should probably not question it. She then says, "I just have to check because sometimes it isn't hair. Sometimes it is just small shards of chopsticks that look like blonde hair."Are you kidding me? So now, I should be happy with the fact that it might not be the waitress' CLEAN blonde hair, but instead a shard of chopstick that could pierce my esophagus?I have never experienced a more ridiculous restaurant situation in my life. Needless to say I left with the worst impression of the entire restaurant, which is a pity considering the first two occasions went well. Good luck to whoever dines at this place - but don't worry, at least the hair in your sushi roll is probably clean.
2	Sushi Samba in L.V is a great looking place, with pretty good food.  Not much of a "Peruvian" flavor going on except for the Peruvian corn and Anticuchos.  Our waitress who said she was from Miami seemed to be preoccupied and did not sell us on her recommendations.., she was so preoccupied that it took her a long time to stop by our table again and notice that we were ready to order more of the over priced sushi.
5	This place gets packed & reservations are strictly a must, on the weekends (especially holidays).5-Stars for excellent service!!!  We were there last Friday w/out a reservation, so the guy behind me cut right in-front of us & the host escorted him to his table (he turned around & laughed in our faces).  This is a 50+yr old man acting like a 5yr old.  In our 30's & 40's...We were way too mature to say anything back.  A really nice Asian lady-host (very attractive) approached me & offered to do her best to slide us in if any of the tables became available.  Five-minutes later I get a call to come-back quickly because she found a way to squeeze all six of us in.  Ironically it was next to the 5yr old mentality man...LOL!!!Another 5-Stars for the menu!!!  I love Asian-Fusion cuisine & this place has a pretty large menu.  We were a moderate size group, so we tried almost everything on the menu.Our consensus on likes are as follows:SawaganiGreen Bean TempuraSeaweed SaladTiger Shrimp TempuraYellowtail SevicheJumbo Shrimp SevichePeruvian Bay Scallops (Robata)AnticuchosMiso-Marinated Chilean Sea BassSamba Rolls (Pacific)Samba Rolls (Rainbow Dragon)Samba Split for Two (Dessert)Mochi (Dessert)Housemade Ice Cream & Sorvete (Dessert)Pisco Sour (Cocktails)Chicha Sour (Cocktails)Samba Juice (Cocktails)The general manager (partner) came out to greet us, which was quite interesting.  Our tummies were full & our faces were happy.  Definitely coming back!!!
5	I dont recall exactly what Ive had here as Ive been 2-3 times, I just like the originality. It is a fun place they truly have an eclectic menu with a lot of orginality. I also really appreciate that the bartenders had a great knowledge of all the different saki they have.
2	Made reservations last minute and didn't have to wait too long.  The drinks came promptly and the first 3 of 5 small plates came out.  Then it all went down hill!  The dish we wanted to try the most they forgot about, service got delayed, 3 of 5 were pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary and one MIA dish.  When I told the waitress she didn't even apologize and left it on the bill after I told her it was missing.  Gave my credit card and she came back 10min later advising it's going to take 15-30min because the system is down.  They could have apologized, offered to get the order right away, offered a drink... Ect.
5	This was the best meal we had in Las Vegas.  Our server, Isabela, was amazing- so knowledgeable and sincere.  Since the menu was so complex, we just gave her a price point and a few preferences, and she took care of the rest.  It was so fun to have her describe plate after plate of delicious food, and we were always surprised by the next course.  The seabass skewers were a highlight, but everything was so good that it is hard to pick a favorite.  Thank you, Isabela!
4	We got to taste a bunch of little dishes before a large platter of sushi/sashimi came.  Definitely the way to dine!  Ranged from not that great but edible to pretty dang awesome.  The sushi rolls were a bit densely rolled I thought so it was just shy of rice cake consistency but the combinations were fantastic.  So I am a fan.  Yay~
5	This sushi is some of the best I have ever had.  It is not so expensive either, which is what is always so hard about mid-high tier sushi places.  Their happy hour is a little bit lacking, though, because the food is not very discounted.  Their drinks, however, are about half the regular price.  Nice strategy...  Go here if you're in the neighborhood and want some delicious sushi, with decent service, before your night in Vegas.
5	oh yea! love me some SUSHISAMBA! Ive dined here a few times and its always been awesome.I always start out with a watermelon mojito... its amazingly refreshing.My favorite app is the Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos. I don't even know how to describe them apart from saying they re like putting heaven in your mouth.I also always order the Pacific Roll. its  king crab, avocado, Asian pear, soy paper, wasabi-avocado crema. the pear in the roll really brings out the yellowtail and the wasabi is the cherry on top.And also you cant forget to order the Peruvian Corn. Its AMAZING.
4	we just had 3 rows for a quick bite so cant really judge this place entirely.  Prices were surprisingly reasonable for a Sushi Restaurant on the Strip and in The Palazzo mall of all places.  Each one was great
4	This is what a fusion restaurant should be: a brilliant amalgamation of the best flavours of Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian cuisines and cocktails, wrapped up into one delightfully fun venue. I'd go back to Vegas and the Venetian for another bite here, that's for sure!I started off with the Chu-Cumber cocktail (from the "Japan cocktails" sec'n), which is made of: shochu (the OTHER Japanese distilled spirit, aside from sake--a pretty good alternative to vodka, if I say so myself), Hendricks Gin, elderflower liqueur, and freshly muddled cucumber. Refreshing, light, just a tad sweet. Very good.We then tried a bit of everything... Peruvian corn (love those giant kernels), a few small plates (crispy yellowtail tacquitos--spicy aji panca sauce and lime? yes, please), and a "large plate" a.k.a. entree. So, there's this cool long bar area in the middle of the restaurant, where you can perch yourself and eat/drink more casually... and the guys sitting next to us at the bar were SushiSamba regulars and highly recommended the Chilean Sea Bass for one of our large plate selections. Because I like you all, I'll echo the suggestion. So. good. so. tasty. so. tender.I think it's a great restaurant with a vibrant vibe, and a delicious menu to boot. I already recommended it once to someone else who ended up going to Vegas a few weeks after I did, and they loved it, too. Definitely a bit pricey, but what do you expect when you're smack dab in the middle of the shops at The Palazzo? At least the quality matches the price!
4	1)The Chilean sea bass was quite possibly the best piece of fish I've ever had the pleasure of eating.2)The coffee is excellent, and is served in cool glasses.3) The ceviche is okay, but not what I would expect from a high-end fusion restaurant4) The service?  Well, if the service was anywhere close to the quality of the sea bass, I'd easily give it five stars.  Unfortunately, the wait staff seemed overwhelmed by what I would think would be an average number of customers.  If they can get that down (and they should be able to, it *is* Las Vegas, after all), then I can see it being one of the better easy-entry restaurants on the Strip.
5	I ate here recently with a group of 5. We let the waiter select our menu for the night which I think is a great way to dine here. My only complaint is that we had too much food and I ate too much before the sushi came. Next time I will decrease the amount we spend per person and ask for the sushi to come sooner in the meal. We really enjoyed the Yellowtail Taquitos, Sea Bass and the Wagyu beef that we cooked on hot rocks!!! This was awesome!! Service was excellent!! I will go back!!
5	Celebrated a party with 16 people and the food and service both were amazing.
5	I. Love. This. Place.I got in late on a Saturday nightbefore a convention, and I was craving sushi. I stumbled upon SushiSAMBA was quickly seated a table. The ambiance is dark, sort of like a night club but with sushi chefs inside. Because it's Vegas, the staff is distinctly beautiful. To their credit, they are all super nice and attentive. A live DJ spun an eclectic mix of songs ranging from hip hop classics, to top 40 and some 80s soft rock ballads. Every track had a great, catchy beat, and I found myself bobbing my head along with it more often than not.I started with a Red Rice Ale which was absolutely fantastic. It is a pricey 11 oz. bottle at $14 but I loved the flavor. I stuck to a simple chef's choice sashimi and sushi combo which ran for $30. I've seen worse prices and i was definitely pleased with the value once the meal came out.The display that came out was fantastic and consisted of 6 pieces of sashimi (tuna, yellowtail, and salmon), 6 pieces of sushi (tuna, shrimp, and mackerel), and a cut roll which came with a key lime and hoisin dipping sauce which I thought was really weird until I tried it and marveled and how the flavors complimented each other.After the meal I had a Yamazaki Japanese whiskey, aged 18 years. Something about Japanese whiskey just does it for me. I had a 12 year Yamazaki a month or two ago but this 18 year whiskey was outstanding. It was sweet and spicy and went down smooth. I am glad I had it neat as I'm sure I would have lost some of the complexity if I had gotten it on the rocks like I usually do.All in all, SushiSAMBA was an amazing experience. While I can't lie and say it was not bit expensive, I definitely felt like I got my money's worth. I'd love to come back here before or after a night out with friends to share the experience with a group
5	"The best meal I've ever had in my life": this was uttered by 5 of us at the End of the meal.Our waiter, Max, gave us a $50-60 prix fix menu, and brought us a sampling of the best: edamame, tempura, meats, sushi, cod, squid, etc. all in all, it was amazing.The scene is very cool. We didn't want to get hosed by going to a club, so this was the next best thing. Good people watching, good music, and amazing food.Our waiter gave us a free round of cucumber shots, and was vey personable.The hostesses were young, and dictate a while for us to be seated, but well worth the wait.
5	I do not miss this place every time I go to LV.... it never disappoints... EVER!!! Unfortunately my favorite dish is the hot rock that is served where you self cook the amazing steak... the sauces are to DIE for!!! It is very pricey though... but well worth it... also the Sea Bass kabobs you cannot miss!!
5	This place will literally bring tears to your eyes it is so good.  I tried to take pictures of the food, but every time I ended up remembering to reach for the camera, all I had left was a plate full of crumbs, a small jar of sauce, or a plain old rock.The best thing to do here is to simply let them pick for you.  They will take your preferences, likes and dislikes, budget, and create something special for you.  It is a fusion feast taking the best of Japan, Brazil and Peru.  How does a little thin strip of Kobe beef sound, dipped in truffle oil, a little rock salt, and then cooked by you on a 550 degree Japanese river stone?  Or soft, fresh calamari dusted in a slightly spicy preparation that will leave you wondering where it all went?  It is not cheap - but the quality is amazing and the service is spectacular.  I want to live here.  Actually, I'm not kidding.
5	Wow. You can't go wrong with this place unless you are looking for a quiet dining experience. They have a DJ and it is quite crowded with tables very close to one another. HOWEVER the food is to die for. I can't speak to the sushi but the churassco platters are beyond delicious. The hanger steak and ribeye are succulent. The chimichurri sauce is one of the best ive had. The pisco mojito is also delicious. It is pricey but its Vegas. I don't typically like fusion restaurants but this one is legit. Waiters are attentive and will try to order for you, which can be annoying.
4	Good sushi, especially the selection of Ceviches! They were incredibly accommodating of my food allergies as well.
2	sometimes when a place tries so hard to be hip & trendy it falls flat on its face. Fusion usually equates to eclectic, experimental & arrogant. Case in point. Transport this entire endeavor over to the Hard Rock, it might fit in better with the drunken, shit-faced, deep-pocketed wannabe hipsters... but @ the Palazzo this place fits in like having my cousin Guido shopping for a manifold for his '68 Chevy @ Tiffany's... In other cities I've lived in, this place would die from a lack of repeat biz, but here in Vegas it may just last since the 'one off, never again' crowds are virtually unlimited.
3	Good happy hour with tasty food and friendly hostesses. Love the caipirinha with Gyoza as well as the yummy calimari and rolls.
3	It was ok, but nothing spectacular about it....Twist on Japanese and Brazilian cuisine
5	When my friends said we were going to meet up at Lavo after dinner I figured we can grab a bite to eat here.  It just sounds like an interesting mix of everything I love...Japanese and Latin food. Yums...My friend and I wanted food but didn't want to be over fed either.  We asked the server what we should have and he suggested the 3 item meat plate (part of the Latin/Brazilian side) and maybe start with a seabass appetizer.  We went with his suggestions and were so incredibly satisfied.  The seabass was amazing.  It was flavorful but light just perfect before our meat combo.  For two girls it was more than enough food.  There was an option for a 5 meat option but I think that would've been over board.  Everything was pretty yummy and satisfying. Service was also nice.  Although this place is extremely busy at night and it's pretty hard to see (the dark atmosphere is great for romantic night but hard to see the menu).  Also, the decor was interesting.  I found myself having slight ADD trying to look around at everything from video montage in the background to the fun anime like murals.  Music was a tad loud too but you can still carry on a conversation.Reservations are recommended but my friend and I just kinda came here on a whim and got in right away.  Given we're only a party of two.  Drink menu was crazy long with an extensive list of sake.  We didn't get any but I sure would think they'd have what you're looking for if you're in the mood to drink. Also, prices can be "steep" on some items but the items we got came to a grand total around $55 or so.  Not bad by Vegas standards and split between two of us that was nothing...we were full and happy.
3	Sushi, and Mojitos make for a great combination.  Not at Vegas prices though.  $90~ for 2 rolls, and a cocktail? I mean... Sure... There were 3 balls of cavier sitting on a roll, but, was it really enough to warrant the price of the roll? I obviously don't feel like it did... The fish was fresh-ish, but the rice was pretty blah... Overcooked, and cold... The most redeeming part of my experience was the gorgeous server actually seeming like she enjoyed her job... Alas, Vegas will be Vegas, and Vegas will be overpriced and underclassed...
2	The fusion cuisine didnt quite work here. The sushi/nigiri was all right, at best.Over-priced kanpachi / sashimi plates.I dunno, mediocre sushi just doesnt cut it for me anymore. For good sushi I would yelp some hole-in-the-wall restaurants with a real sushi bar, and order omakase.This may sound bitter but im very sensitive about my sushi. ;)
4	My mother and I are came here last Sunday for Happy Hour.  The sushi was absolutely delicious- fresh with decent portion sizes.  We particularly liked that they don't use a lot of rice  in lieu of other ingredients like many sushi restaurants. We tried several dishes from the Happy Hour menu at $6 each:Spicy Tuna Roll - good not not too different from other spicy tuna rolls we triedShrimp Tempura Roll - good portions of shrimp tempura and not too greasySalmon Sushi - great flavor with asparagus.  This was my mother's favorite.Japanese Style Salt and Pepper Squid - a bit salty but quite tasty.  Small portion.Yellowtail Seviche- two thinly sliced yellowtail with a tasty spicy sauce.  This was my favorite.In addition, we ordered the California roll which was $14.  However,  they used real crab instead of imitation crab.  It was quite tasty with generous amounts of crab used.  The service was good.  The restaurant itself is dark with several televisions positioned around- they don't show sports just a program about sushi.  It would be even better if they had a television at the bar for sports.
5	Executive Chef Herb Wilson is a genius! The lobster dumplings with corn are beyond words. Thanks for making a special batch for me. :) See you next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I was meeting a former coworker for lunch who actually works in the back of house for the Venetian, and she suggested catching up at sushisamba.I was a little skeptical about getting sushi in Vegas--after all where in the heck is the closest ocean?!  Nevertheless, our sushi and sashimi tasted very fresh and of good quality. We split a combination platter and two rolls. I can't remember exactly which rolls we got, but one roll had pear in it. I would never have imagined utilizing pear in a sushi roll, but it was a perfect compliment to the raw fish.That experience pretty much sums up sushisamba: a contemporary take on sushi rolls. Innovated flavor combinations and fresh fish!In typical Vegas fashion, the interior is beautifully done and sets it apart from your ordinary sushi joint.A tad pricy for sushi, but you get what you pay for, and at sushisamba you get quality and innovation. Folks this ain't your run o' the mill sushi joint!
5	My absolute favorite place to eat in Vegas.  Whenever I'm in NY, Montreal or Miami: I try to stop by.  I can't put my finger on it but they all differ slightly.  The Miami locale lacked alot of the zest and pow you get in Vegas.  Out of all the ones I been to, I like vegas the best. The Churrasco plate is wicked. I usually go with 3-5 friends and share this plate.  The chorizo is off the hook.  All kinds of flavor happening.  The new tokyo and topo rolls are insane good.Try this place you won't be dissapointed.
1	Awful...that's the only word I have to describe our experience at SushiSamba. We had a reservation at 8:30, and we arrived around 8:15. We knew we were a tad early, so they told us it would be a few minutes. We did not sit down until around 9 p.m., meanwhile they sat parties of walk-ups ahead of us. I was willing to overlook this little snafu when we finally sat down, but then we were completely ignored by our waiter. By the time 9:30 p.m. rolled around, we had not ordered, we did not have water, and we did not have a waiter. He finally made his way over to our table, at this point we were starving.We all got cocktails and ordered, but it really felt like they were off their game since everything took forever to reach our table. I have to think it was a bad night, because this place would be out of business with service like this every night. The food was okay, we got the appetizer sampler, a few specialty rolls, and skewers. Typical sushi fare, I didn't quite see the fusion aspect. My friend got pretty sick after the meal, so something he ordered did not agree with him. Overall, horrible experience, I'll never go back and I'd never recommend it to anyone coming in to town. Save yourself the headache and pick almost any other restaurant for a better time.
3	good but a bit pricey.  We had the mushrooms in cocount milk, tuna ceviche, hamachi sushi, and spicy tuna rolls - all were very good.
5	Came here with a group of 9 guys. The waiter basically ordered for us and did an excellent job. Food is incredible. The sushi wasn't the best, but the appetizers and sashimi were out of this world. I especially liked the sea bass and fish taco. Came out to $60 plus tax tip and drinks. Great place for groups, ambiance is great. I would go back.
3	This is really a 3.5 start review, Read on...The food is spectacular and atmosphere is funky cool. The Service was very attentive. Be warned. If you go in a group and they ask to "put together some courses for the table" you will pay and you will pay very very dearly. This seems to be their normal mode with big groups (6-10) as we have had them ask the last 3 times we have gone. The previous times we ended up with great food and probably spent a little more than we intended. This last trip was over the top. They kept the courses coming including the Hot Rock Kobe Beef. This was a super cool food experience and great tasting- but $160 PER PLATE? Frankly I'd refer to the wait staff as salespeople who did a darn good job giving my Platinum card a major workout. I have no idea how Yelp can rate this $$$ as it should be $$$$ with maybe an extra $ tossed on for good measure. Overall- awesome food, deceptive "meal suggestions" and crazy prices. Will I go back- yes-but I'll be selecting my own food next time thank you very much!
5	A group of 16 of us which wasn't fair for a review. We went for a pre-set $$ per person and a culinary experience. It was outrageous. For $40/60/80/100 per person you could have a great experience. Ours was total gluttony. Great food, great service. Have the fried lobster. No-- have the sushi experience---- no have the drink tree--- no have the crab---. Whatever-- it was great. Dessert--- you've gotta be kidding. It was there, but----Oh and for those who are into it-- the 500 degree rock with Kobe beef to grill on it. That plus a few bottles of wine. Schwing!!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in the world. A mix of Japanese and Brazilian fusion cuisines. Take your great sushi and Japanese seafood, and throw in unique Brazilian flavors. Everything here tastes amazing. It's also pricey ($25-75 per person depending on what you order), but worth it.The cod is dipped in unique sauces that even the most seasoned palates can't distinguish.The sushi rolls have some sort of flair that make me want to watch Dragon Ball Z while doing the samba during Carnival.The Chilean sea bass is basically an orgasm in your mouth. Lord almighty! Get it.
2	Even for a Las Vegas hip joint, over-priced.  Sushi quality only average (in LA, similar quality sushi would be about 1/3 the price).  Nice looking waitresses.
4	My friend Ems really loves this place so she took me here awhile ago for dinner. Decor is pretty nice, a bit on the dark side but is a bit on the noisy side. I found myself nearly yelling a few times just to have a conversation with my friends. Food though is excellent. We had the ceviche dish that we got to choose four different types. Excellent. I really recommend getting that. We also got a few sushi rolls, one of which was the foie gras roll. A MUST. So good, a bit pricey but what do you expect with foie gras. Totally worth the money. We ended up ordering a dessert but it was nothing to really note. Overall though the food was amazing. Definitely a good spot for Japanese!
1	Overpriced. No Service. This place used to be good. Every time we go Vegas we'd go this place. But this time I was really disappointed. Lack of service & overpriced items. Not worth the hype.We'll look different place for our sushi spot next visit.
4	Stumbled onto this place by accident.  Man, this place is great!  The food selection is amazing.  Just about something for everyone, the Brazilian corn they they had was great!  It's a Japanese/Brazilian/Peru menu, so it's has something for just about everyone.  The price is kind of pricey, but again...it what you might expect in a restaurant at The Palazzo, but nothing ridiculously crazy or overpriced.  Only downer I say and this is just my opinion would be they music was just a tab bit loud for my taste.  But it seems to be like an After Hours/Drinks establishment, so it works for the vibe its going for!  Give it a try next time your in Vegas,
5	Sushi Samba is one of my favorite places to visit when I am in Las Vegas. The food is amazing and the drinks that are created are out of this world. I especially recommend seeing Alan, as he makes this place the reason I come to Sushi Samba. I get incredible customer service and he makes me feel like I matter!!!'
5	Wow, amazing! Chef John personally came out to greet us and gave us some special rolls and treats, thanks to a referral! Came here for a bachelorette dinner ahd were seated in the back since there was like 20 of us! They have a back section that looks a lot more private. We had the chef make us whatever he wanted. The orders just kept coming and coming. We were stuffed by the time the last order came out. Service was also spectacular. The waiters and waitress were very attentive and always asking how the food was and explaining what dish was being served.Presentation is superb!Drinks were delicious!Food was fabulous. Nothing bad to report. You have to experience it for yourself!
3	I guess I'm just in a bad mood but NOBODY CARES which overpriced show you were on your way to see or that you've been to their other locations oh so many times...we get it. You're well-traveled, posh and cultured. It's Yelp, we all are or at least put on airs like we are, get over it!Peh.Anyway.The Pacifica roll was good, it was one of their signature rolls. The regular roll we got was tasty too. Can't speak for their steaks...but prepare to be disappointed with the taquitos. They're so small you could feed four of them to your Shiba-Inu/Fox-Paulistinha mix puppy and have it look up at you in hungered disappointment. (A Shiba Inu is a small Japanese dog and a Fox Paulistinha is a small Brazilian dog. If you mixed them I think you would get a pretty small dog.)Service was OK, the wait for a table was short but wait for food was substantial, and the menus were pretty confusing.
4	I had eaten at the SushiSamba in Dallas a while back and really enjoyed the food, so I was looking forward to the Las Vegas location to see if it lived up to my food memories.  We had reservations for 9:00PM after the Las Vegas Marathon so my runner friends could get a nice recovery meal that wasn't too heavy.  And that wasn't too far away from their hotel!We were seated right away, and the vibe of this restaurant was really fun and funky- dark and romantic but with lots of good music.  We decided to split a bunch of small plates which ended up being perfect.  We started with the Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos which were so delicious, but small enough that they left me wanting more!  The tempura mushrooms were light and flavorful with just the right amount of crispiness.  The chicken skewers were YUM but the highlight of the meal was the seabass skewers.  I had these in Dallas and they were every bit as delicious as I remembered.  Love the peruvian corn too.  Normally each order of skewers comes with 2, which would have led to a caveman-style meat fight between the 3 of us, but our server was kind enough to suggest we add a third skewer to the order so we all got to try.  Great service on her part.We also had 2 of their special sushi rolls- The Pacific Roll and the Green Envy.  Both were very good and tasted very unique, as opposed to a lot of "special rolls" you find out there that are just bigger and they charge more for.All in all, I was very pleased with this meal and would definitely like to go back in the future... but there's so many places to try in Vegas that its hard to commit!
4	Great, great ambiance!  the bartenders were super attentive and gave generous drink portions -- yay!!!!
1	The food was ok.  The mushroom appetizer was good, and so were the sushi.  The major complaint is the service.  When we are sitting down, a woman was complaining already that the server took a long time to come around.  But her english was bad, and I don't think the hostess took it seriously.  Unless my wife and I experience the same thing.  We order a bottle of decent saki, and our waiter had to be reminding twice to refill our drinks.  And he got two of orders wrong.  He made some excuse about the system, but one order was wrong after I reminded him of my hamachi order after getting the yamato roll.  We told this to the manager, not sure if he will do anything.  I think we was just going to calm the customer, I told him it was one of the worst services in Vegas, and we have been to many places (including cafes and Joel Robuchon's place) of wide range.  I strongly recommend you complain quickly if you see a skinny waiter with glasses and goatee comes over.  A true disappointment.
4	Excellent food, the sushi is well done and interesting. Tried many different items and all of them were excellent. The drinks are awesome with a wide range of selections on the menu. Prices are high as expected.
5	Go figure, we were drunk and roaming around vegas at 1 am in dire need for some food that didn't come off a dollar menu.  We randomly ran into Palazzo an found Sushi Samba.  Great food and I'm not just saying that because we were drunk.  Try the rockfish appetizer and cucumber martini- to die.
5	Favorite new place on the strip in Vegas! We first got there and was placed at possibly the worst table in the place- right near the bar and 5 inches from the next couple. However, it was New Year's weekend and everyone was desperate to even get in, so we got over this minor negative in a hurry. Our server, Justin, more than made up for the bad seating. He was knowledgable and gave great suggestions as to what to try. We diced on letting the chef bring us a sampling of his creations. Boy, what a gift!
4	Usually I don't go for Fusion restaurants, but as it was New Year's Eve and Sushi Samba was close to our room (Palazzo) we opted to try it out.  I'm very happy to say we had a great experience from beginning to end!  We made reservations a week in advance knowing Vegas would be filled to the brim for New Year's, and we were glad we did!  It was crowded but we were seated promptly, and since we had a big party we got to sit in the back section and it was very roomy and comfortable.  Our waiter suggested omakase (family style) where you can set any price point everyone was comfortable with.  We set $60 a person (without drinks) and the food just kept on coming!  Most of the dishes were a hit, some was a miss but that's easily forgiven with the sheer amount of food they give you.  The rock shrimp, curry/mushroom/duck dish, sashimi, rolls and sea bass were sooo good!At one point there was a lag between the dishes and our waiter was nice enough to bring some dishes out on the house, and also gave us a free dessert!  SO nice!  If you're staying at Palazzo/Venetian and don't want to venture out into the strip for a nice, upscale delicious restaurant, give Sushi Samba a try! :)
3	I ate at the bar, even though I had a table reservation, because I was by myself and realized that, with a rollerbag in tow, that it was going to be nasty going once the place filled up. I ordered a couple of things, two different ceviches, one hamachi collar, and one whole roast fish (I was combining lunch and dinner budgets, because I was getting on a really long flight). I have to say, my server didn't bother trying to pace my food. The whole fish came right after the collar, and although they accommodated my request to take it back and keep it heated, it had definitely lost something. Minus one star for that, and the restaurant hadn't even become more than one-third full yet. Secondly, the two roast fishes were way too similar, even though the whole fish was advertised as having all kinds of goodness and was much more expensive than the simple collar. However, both ceviches were excellent and I suspect this place is much better at Latin-Japanese fusion than anything else (but what should I expect?). This place is probably worth exploring (and requires it), but you'll need a big wallet or some serious need to dine in cool locations. I would get my fix of this kind of cuisine elsewhere.
5	One of my favorite restaurants. I was here with several people, and we opted for the 7 course chef's choice meal. It was worth every penny. The highlight for me was the wagyu beef. They bring it raw and let you sear it on a hot stone.
4	This is the kind of place you go to if you want to try a bunch of dishes and eat family style. You pick the amount you want to spend and then tell the waiter what kind of flavors you like. For the most part, we left it up to the waiter to choose our dishes. We started off with sushi before we got to any of the other dishes. The sushi itself was nothing amazing. Honestly, it was kind of disappointing. The other dishes however, were fantastic. If you're in a rush, this is not the place for you. The food comes one by one so and the server/host takes his time explaining each and every ingredient that goes into everything. The ambiance is nice though. Very chill with a good crowd and relaxing music. A great place to stop by for dinner with friends.
4	I was seated around midnight and ordered a glass of wine and a few items. While waiting for my food I browsed the yelp reviews and noticed they have happy hour, but the server didn't mention that or give me the happy hour menu. I asked for it and noticed they had a wine for $6 (instead of $15) and $6 spicy tuna roll (instead if spicy tuna hand roll for $7.75) and some other interesting items. Not a biggie, but I pointed out to the server's colleague that she should have given me that menu right away. The server apologized and cried a few crocodile years. They adjusted my tab to reflect the happy hour prices and I got the Spicy tuna handroll as a free bonus. The quality and taste of the food was excellent, 5 stars, the environment was chic and nice. The menu is definitely fusion so don't expect to see all your favorites.
5	Amazing service, they really must have a seperate washing machine for the main plates they use- cleared like 4 from me alone. I'm sure that everyone comments on the sea bass, and so I'll add my two cents- phenomenal. Fresh sea bass is tough to find and they prepared it the best way possible (IMHO), skewered with a miso glaze. We depended on our sharp, confident waitress to guide us through the menu and she did wonders. Along with the sea bass, our rolls were expectantly first class as was the fresh tuna seviche with almonds and jalapenos rich with flavor. Aside from the crazy movie looping on the wall in the background wandering aimlessly from a south China fishing village to a hot Brazilian beach; the atmosphere was relaxing and comfortable also- a bit trendy, but what did you expect?
3	Food: Food here is pretty solid for the most part. Tempura fried green beans with truffled aioli and crispy yellow tail taquitos were bright memorable flavors. The pacific roll was decent but not worth the price you pay for. The salt and pepper squid was a let down since they use squid strips, which were thick and chewy. Service: Friendly and down to earth. However our server failed to mention a tasting menu to us when other servers had mentioned it to nearby customers. Perhaps a bit of stereotyping?Ambience: SushiSamba kills it on ambience. Japanese street art and whimsy decor fill the dining area. Its hip and urban and I love it. Their seating arrangements left something to be desired though. I sat centimeters away from guests on opposite sides of me. A bit claustrophobic. Verdict: With some standout as well as some strikeout dishes, SushiSamba is that kind of place that's great to share a few Japanese inspired tapas before a drunken night out on the strip.
5	I wish they had a Sushi Samba where I live! My husband and I were visiting Las Vegas, and came across this amazing place. The waiter was so friendly and helpful in showing us the ropes of the menu +  gave us recommendations. Well he did a great job of that, because our food was succulent, flavorful and just a amazing! lol...Seriously I will go back for more when I'm back in the area. It's the best sushi + calamari I've had. Well worth it!
2	This week two times for dinner, returning customer... But now a little dissapointed, service was not what I remembered, there were several little issues, that never happened before: some of the things we ordered took more than 30 minutes to be brought to the table, susshi rolls and drinks!!!  There was no coffee of any kind, hard to understand in a place like this: in my case, I don't drink alcohol, so I am really looking forward for my coffee with my dessert. Server was doing OK, trying to compensate this and that; about the coffee he brough the "manager", a very unpolite bad manners guy, whose only response was: they didn't bring coffee I have to deal with that company, not even "I am sorry"... The only things that have not changed are the prices... Not very good to mantain those HIGH prices, and obligated tips in large parties (we were 6, so 20% tip was added regardless of the bad service), I was saying, not very good, especially in this city, were food and service have such high standards.... Even with the great taste of the food there, very unlikely to return there...
4	Vegas is suppose to be expensive... but... if you go with a group of 6+ people, ask for the sampler menu.  You literally tell them the approximate $$ you want to spend per person... any allergies, likes/dislikes etc and they make a 3 course meal for you! Best part, if you don't like it... they take it right off... Make sure no matter what... you get the seabass skewers and gyozas... I still drool when I look at the pictures.
5	We arrived at 8:45 for our 8:30 dinner reservation without any hassle... the place was so festive! The music, the videos on the screens and the decor created a very vibrant atmosphere and the restaurant was packed and loud, we did feel like we were yelling at each other while having a conversation during dinner! Our waitress was knowledgeable and the food and cocktails were delicious! Everything I wanted from a dinner in Vegas. It's pricey...but hey, it's Vegas we were expecting it. If they have the lobster served escargot style get it! I also recommend the cucumber martini.
5	Had a fantastic dinner tonight and can't thank Allen enough for his incredible hospitality and the superb food and service. The service team, including Jeff and Alice, are spectacular and the  food is awesome. Had the pork gyoza's, hamachi, mushroom tapan and the sea bass skewers and it all tasted fantastic. To add to the superb evening were the artistic creations of the most flavorful and delicious drinks. Yaz and Mikey served up the most amazing drinks that I can't stop thinking about going back for more. With the incredible team behind the bar including Yaz, Mikey, Cathy and Luna you will always have a great drink experience. The food, service and drinks are unparalleled and a truly unforgettable experience.
5	The food:The YUMMY:It's been a long time, but damn, those yellow tail taquitos are forever in my food memory.  If I had a choice I'd probably order 3 orders of those and eat em all night.  The pretty good: Also had some sushi which was really good, server recommended some rolls not mentioned in the menu which were spot on, but cant top the yellow tail taquitos!BTW, place is a bit pricey (if you order alot), so be prepared if your trying to fill up b/c your wallet is gonna throw up benjamin's all over the place and there will be nothing left to gamble with! Am I coming back?  Can't wait to try the rest of the food on the menu : )
2	Not great. I don't get the four and five star reviews for this place, I really don't. And the food wasn't terrible.  Just severely overrated and overpriced.  After a few dishes, completely un-wowed, we moved on to greener pastures.
4	Whenever we are in Vegas and stay at the Palazzo, The Better Half insists on stopping by this joint so she can get her Sushi on.  On this particular visit, I joined her for lunch and we grubbed.She ordered 4 orders of Unagi (Eel), $4 ea. I ordered some Edamame, $6 and the Seared Wagyu Beef, $18.The Beef was awesome and while it's a small plate, it's very rich and fulfilling.  TBH enjoyed her Unagi....it's her fav.We ate lunch at around 3 pm, which is a great time to do that because it's between the busy lunch and dinner hours, so there's not too many people around.  When it gets busy, it can get crowded.We'll definitely be back.Return Factor - 90%
4	Excellent food, unusual ordering.  You give the waitress an amount per person to spend, what you like and don't like ingredient wise, and then they proceed to bring the food.  Clever idea, different.  We certainly got our money's worth.  The food and service were very good to excellent.  Coming from SF you always expect the food to be outstanding...The restaurant was upscale and trendy, but so loud...I guess that is Vegas style.
5	Their food was delicious especially the sashimi which was very fresh and tasty.  The staff was super friendly and attentive.  Flavorful drinks.   I love the Peruvian influence.  This was one of the best restaurants we ate at during this Vegas trip.  I highly recommend trying this place out but make sure you have reservations b/c it's popular.
3	Rounding out my three night kobe adventure was sushi samba.  This place was pretty darn cool. I give them 4 stars for the kobe and 3 for the rest.  The sushi was very good, but not "las vegas" good.  There are far better places if you just want sushi.  But this place is different, offering a spin of Brazillian flare on the Japanese standard.  I liked the playfulness.... but back to the important stuff... the Kobe!  Grade A5 from Japan (I'm guessing Vegas had a shipment of this because every place said they had A5 Japanese Kobe!)  Sushi Samba brought out a plate of raw sliced kobe next to a line of dry and wet spices/marinades.  Then came the huge hot rock.  We were then instructed to dip the beef in the marinade of choice, set on rock for 30 seconds a side, then sprinkle with preferred dry spice.  I watched the ladies at our table go first and I saw them immediately go to their "happy place" with the first bite.  After the rest of the table ate, I could see everyone counting the remaining pieces to see how many more bites they had.  Hahahaha!!! So much fun!Great Sake list if you like that (which I do).  Hundreds of junmai daiginjo bottles going into the $1,000's.  I found a decent one for $50 (300ml).  So recap, get the kobe, enjoy the sushi... don't go if sushi is all that you want, there's better.
4	I started off ordering the Otsumami which is an assortment of tempura style vegetables.  Wow, this was delicious.  The green bean and the Shishito were perfectly fried - enough to keep that "snap" to the vegetables that I enjoy - and the mayonnaise based dips were delicious.  A little heat and enough flavor to add a bit to the vegetables.My two sisters and I ordered the Rio Grande 3 Meats.  They were cooked to perfection and even the pork melted in your mouth.  The various dips were great, I liked the vinegar based one, but my sister enjoyed the parsley one (Sorry didn't get the name of it).My sister also orderd the grilled fish collar.  That was a meal onto itself!  So well cooked.  My niece had the 3 hand roll combo and she loved it. It was wrapped in soy wrap instead of seaweed, so very healthy.Overall a great experience.
2	Judging from the reviews, I had high expectations for this place. My boyfriend and I were feeling a little spendy that day, and I was very excited to try a higher tier, more expensive sushi restaurant. From the prices, I was expecting high quality, unique, delicious sushi. I was assuming that it would be their specialty judging from the name of the place. I ordered a few rolls that the waitress suggested and gyoza for dessert. The gyoza was in fact delicious, the best thing we ordered that night. The sushi and rolls however were mediocre, and the fish did not taste fresh. The presentation was nothing special, it did not even compel me to take a picture of it.  Not to exaggerate, but I've had better tasting and more beautifully presented sushi at local sushi places or even AYCE. Service was okay, the waitress wasn't THAT friendly, and we rarely saw her come by our table to check up on us. We were very disappointed. For the price we paid, we expected something much better. We are probably never going to come back.
4	Awesome - Definitely worth visiting if you are staying at the Palazzo or Venetian.I liked this place a lot and actually ended up eating here twice (lunch & dinner) on my last trip.  For dinner, I was with 5 colleagues and we just had the waiter take care of us. For $60 a pop, he brought lots of little dishes that we could share plus a big boat of sushi & rolls. It was an extremely good deal and I highly recommend letting them order for you. We had an vegan in our party and they also accommodated him while taking care of us omnivores.
5	Oh. My. God. I want to eat here every day of my life, if only for the ishi yaki. My wallet is already throwing a fit about the thought of how quickly I would go broke, but akdsjhfakjldhf. Words cannot describe how much I want to go back and eat ALL THE THINGS. Well more specifically, all the ishi yaki.In reality though, Sushisamba is unfortunately a sometimes food (unless you're a bajillionaire, in which case, dine on! I will live vicariously through you). It's just too expensive for me, as a student to afford. Thank goodness someone else was picking up the check when I went.My family and I had our Christmas dinner here at like... 9pm (yea, we did Christmas in Vegas). It was by far, the fanciest Christmas dinner I have ever had. We were seated in the back room area since we had a relatively large party, but since it was so late, it was mostly empty there, which was simultaneously nice and eery. Our waiter suggested we do the tasting menu, where he and the chef craft our meal for us, but since my mom had just been here with some colleagues the week before, we decided to just let her order for us, since she knew what was good. - Salt and Pepper Squid: the seasoning made this extra delicious-- a really good starter- Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos: also yummy, though I may be biased because yellowtail is one of my favorite fish; very lime-y- Rock shrimp tempura: a twist on regular tempura, but absolutely delicious; if you don't like spicy mayo, maybe not your thing- Ishi Yaki: Words cannot describe. Grade A5 Japanese Waygu that you cook yourself on a hot Japanese river stone? Yes, please! You take a slice of meat, dip it in oil, and then put it on the hot stone to let it cook. There's a few different dipping sauces and three different types of salt that you can add to your meat. All of them are delicious, though I am partial to the black salt. There were some pears on the plate, so I was like what the heck, why not cook those on the stone too. Still delicious. Even thinking about this is making me crave it. The ishi yaki is really expensive, but if you're going to go for any of the Japanese Waygu options, go for this one because it is definitely the most unique.- We ordered a bunch of sushi rolls, which were good, but not the most amazing ones I've ever had.- Also, the lychee bubbletail is really good. The alcohol is not overpowering, it's not too sweet, and they put a real lychee (probably from a can) in it.Random: I really like the music on their website... That probably sounds really weird, but it's true. Love it.tl;dr: I know for a fact that the main reason why I love Sushisamba as much as I do is because I was not paying. It was a crazy expensive meal, but it was delicious because we ordered some rather expensive (but good! oh so very good!) things. If you're not willing to splurge, you'll probably think I'm crazy for giving them a 5-star review, but if you are, be prepared to be amazed. Just don't think about the check. And get the ishi taki. 5-stars for that alone.
4	I went there in December, 2012 with a friend. Great food and nice service. I will definitely go back!
3	Nice creative dishes.  Pork belly was very good.  Other dishes good.  Very expensive.  Would have gone to Nobu, but they aren't open for lunch.
2	Service was awful and sushi was just so so.  I prefer Social House in Crystals.  Won't be back.
5	One of my new favorite restaurants in Vegas! It's not crazy expensive and the food is delicious. Since fois gras is no longer served in California, I can get my fois gras fix here -- sushi with fois gras and gold flecks!I love the Peruvian Corn. The Sea Bass is solid as well.Anything fish -- ceviche or sushi rolls are yummy. Oh and drinks!! Get the special mojito. I've eaten here 4x in one week!! That's pretty nutso given that I always like to try new places.
4	Great meal.  We tried the tasting menu and the server  brought what the chef chose to send.  A variety of appetizers and entrees that were all fantastic.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.
5	I always come here every trip to Vegas. Sushi Samba never disappoints! Service and food is always on point. I also love love the fact that they have a lychee martini - a bit hard to find these days. The sea bass,  grilled octopus, and all the sushi rolls were awesome. It's a Brazilian, Peruvian, and Japanese fusion style restaurant and is full of a young and fun crowd on the weekends. We went on a Saturday and they had a DJ so it can be a little difficult to converse. The ambiance is much like a lounge and the prices are not cheap! If you're not broke from gambling come by this awesome restaurant located in the Palazzo!
5	Man, I love this place. I should have reviewed it sooner, before I decided that I was going to only eat vegetarian on Tuesdays (and Mondays, and Wednesdays. Argh!). Ah, such is life.But, the great news is, they DO have delicious vegetarian options! I quit drinking and even their mocktails were mouthwatering! I had the Watermelon Mojo and really felt like having no alcohol was a-ok! It was so sweet and so watermelon-y. They could have just kept filling my glass up, but thinking about the sugar content gave me pause. So, I had one. It was all I needed to know that their mocktails are FAB!For appetizers we ordered the otsumami. It was good a combination of edamame, green bean tempura and shishito and I couldn't stop eating it! Really perfect size for a group (unless you have someone like me who hoards it for themselves, then, problems). The green beans were like never ending. I put one in my mouth and then another and another, breaking every now and again for the shishito, which is sweet (but spicy) peppers. Man, I could have eaten that for days. This time we just ordered two rolls. Because one wasn't vegetarian I didn't partake, but as with all things SUSHISAMBA, it looked delicious! The other was the veggie kun and it was really great. The flavors blended nicely (there are a lot of ingredients in this roll) and sort of melted in my mouth. I would highly recommend. I also wish they had more vegetarian options, though this was plenty at the time.This is my second time here, the first time I had the Yamato roll. HOLY. I was a huge fan of foie gras at the time and to have that on a roll was so decadently delicious that it, right then and there, became my favorite sushi roll ever. I won't ever forget that, ever. I know Vegas is known for a lot of really great AYCE sushi places, but if you want something that transcends those and gives you a more cultured, elegant, tasteful experience, you can do no better than SUSHISAMBA.
5	We had an absolutely fabulous dinner at SushiSamba. We knew we wanted sushi and per yelp reviews decided to eat here. It far surpassed our wildest expectations. We had the best server, Vanessa, who advised we try their tasting menu. We were not disappointed. SushiSamba is a mix of Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian cuisine and I'm so glad we didn't just get sushi. The tasting menu was exactly what we were looking for and didn't even know it. Thanks to our amazing server we went on a culinary adventure. Vanessa selected all of our drinks as well as each course and she was spot on with her selections. We will definitely be back to SushiSamba and are already looking forward to a repeat performance. Don't be meek ordering here, go for it and get the tasting menu - you will not be disappointed! Also, after reading some of the negative reviews I would assume they tried to order straight off the menu... I would not recommend this as what our waitress picked for us wouldn't have entered our minds to order.  I think if we had tried to order off the menus we'd have had a fail meal too. Stick to your waitress/ers recommendations and you will not be disappointed!
5	First time there on 2-13, and it was a great experience. Try the Chilean Sea Bass dinner.  It was the best fish dinner I ever had.  First Class service, and tremendous food.   The sushi is prepared like a fine art sculpture.  Enjoy
4	A unique Peruvian/Japanese/Brazilian fusion restaurant with a fun, trendy vibe. The service was really nice and our waitress was patient and accommodating. I would most definitely recommend the samba part of Sushisamba. We started off the night tapas style with some yellowtail taquitos, tuna seviche, and sea bass. Each one was amazing, but the taquitos were off the charts amazing. Flavorful and spicy! For rolls, we ordered the specials, one with strips of kobe beef on top which was awesome. Definitely recommend!
4	So I admit it's been a while since I've been to Sushi Samba, but when it first opened my husband and I went frequently for both dinner and happy hour. I had been to the one in NY and been blown away by how cool it was. Very trendy, very chic, so in! Now that I know about the robata grill I feel we must have missed out on a lot of good options, but each time we went our meal was fabulous. expensive but great. We've tried many of their rolls, of cours ethe different types of ceviche and tiradito, of course! I oculd order ten plates of tiradito. Make that twenty. One year we even celebrated new year's here, and as many other people have noted, people are here to party! They had samba dancers and crazy music and it was wild!If you areon a tight (but not too tight) budget, I recommend you check the place out for happy hour. They have a selection of house-made cocktails and spirits plus a light snacking menu.
5	This place deserves 10 stars, by far my favorite restaurant ever, absolutely love it. Every time we go to visit, this is definitely where we go for dinner, it's not cheap but well worth every penny, everything is always so fresh and delicious, and I mean everything, we always try new things along with some of our favorites and we just love this place more and more each time. The service is impeccable, the servers are very professional and very knowledgeable about the menu and drinks, if you are not sure what to get , just let them how much you are willing to spend and they will create a tasting menu for you, believe you will not be disappointed!!!! Their sea bass skewers and Peruvian corn is a must have! I mean everything is amazing there, hope everyone gets a chance to try this place!
5	Being an avid Nobu SD fan, I was hesitant to go anywhere else when staying on the strip for sushi, but it seems the Nobu in San Diego is far superior to the other locations in Vegas and Los Angeles. Boyfriend and I wanted to do sushi for Valentine's Day so we yelp'ed a couple of places we were considering and chose SushiSamba. We were thoroughly thrilled with our decision. The restaurant and menu are very unique; and there is a huge selection to choose from. We decided to go for a mix of sushi and tapas. Everything we had we loved. The  rolls were excellent, fish was fresh, and the presentation of the food was great. We loved it and can't wait to go back.
5	To start we were seated right away and everyone from the host group to our server was wonderful.  They all made great suggestions on drink and food orders and all suggestions were great!Our food was awesome.  I had never been to the Chicago location and everything we ate here was so flavorful.  It was a bit pricey, but it's Vegas and the food was totally worth it.  I can't wait to go back to the Chicago location.
5	Had such a great experience at sushi samba. Been here twice, and both times were excellent. By the way they're open till 3am, I came here once at 230am and they still accommodated us :) Had a nice walk through the forum shops to get here, and I loved the ambiance of the restaurant. Our waiter was also fantastic, super charismatic and very informative. We asked a lot of questions, regarding the menu, and he'd always gave us his honest opinion - even when recommending the cheaper option. We had the Kobe beef, oysters, uni shoots, oyster shooters, albacore tacos, and some sushi. I usually eat more but sake really filled my stomach. Everything was scrumptious and I'm extremely picky when it comes to sushi. So far this is my go to sushi place when in Vegas :)
4	Delicious, Fun, Cozy Environment and Well Staffed.This is how you run a business and a great restaurant. All ourplates were yummy particularly the Meat Sampler and Ahi Tuna Skewers.Try it & you'll be glad you did.
4	We had the tasting menu and it was SOOOOOO good!  The only thing was it was very time-consuming.  So, tf you have the time, do the tasting menu because it is totally worth it.  We had a lot of stuff, dunno what exactly but it was very good lol.  You will not be disappointed, TRUST!!
3	It is good, but I have not been back since my first visit.  There are much better sushi places in Las Vegas if you are going to spend this kind of money.  I tried a couple of the samba rolls, and for as much thought as it appears going into them, I was expecting more flavor.  They were all good, just nothing special that is going to make me go back.  Service was also good, but really, nothing from this place stands out to me as exceptional.  You will get a good meal, but nothing special.
3	Did the omakse thing here a few years back and although it was good, I think it could have been a lot better. Don't get me wrong, the place kicked butt in terms of coolness, style and presentation but the dishes were definitely lacking in my opinion.Recommendations: Hit up Nobu!
3	I ate at this location recently and the one in Chicago (in 2011)...I must say the Chicago location was much better. Our group was craving sushi so we stick to ordering mostly Japanese food instead of the Brazilian or Peruvian dishes.Some of the dishes I remembered ordering were Samba Strip (TERRIBLE!!!), Yamato, BoBo Brazil, extra crunchy salmon skin hand roll, Samba Sashimi, Uni, yellowtail ceviche tacos and some other stuff. The two best dishes were the Yamato roll with foie gras and the uni (very fresh). Everything else was so-so with the biggest disappointment was the Samba Strip roll. Overall nothing was memorable. I was quite disappointed given my last experience in Chicago was so mouthwatering I've been waiting to go to Vegas to try again.
3	Intrigued by the Japanese/South American fusion going on here and the rather good Yelp reviews, I ended up here with a group for a late dinner one Sunday night during a recent trip to Vegas. We were seated promptly at our reserved time.The service was immediately kind of odd. Our waiter did not give us menus (other than for drinks), but instead started talking about how if we had a particular budget in mind, they could send us enough food to fill that budget. Butbutbut...I saw the menu online! I knew there was a menu. I wanted to be in CONTROL! Would the waiter let us be in control?After awhile yes, yes he did. We were able to secure some menus, and he then proceeded to go through the different sections of the menu with us as if we were eight years old and/or eating dinner by ourselves at a restaurant for the first time. Is fusion really that scary for people?So we ordered a couple of rounds, tapas style, like we do. There were hits and misses along the way. The best stuff was in the robata area of the menu. The pork belly with the butterscotch miso about slayed me with its awesomeness. The duck breast dish we got was also killer, with a fantastic sauce and lots of meaty, meaty mushrooms. The Shishito peppers were solid, as was the sea eel we got nigiri style. It's hard to mess those two up. The yamato rolls, in all their decadence, were worth every penny.The seared wagyu beef was probably the biggest miss of the evening. The menu does not list truffle oil in the dish's ingredients, but that's about all I could taste. And for me, truffle oil makes everything taste and smell rancid. Not appealing. The El Topo, while quite good, was also a bit of a disappointment. I love fried onions, but they seemed to overpower here. The yellowtail sashimi also seemed a bit off, as the lemongrass sauce wasn't particularly complimentary. The service was alright but stayed a little odd during our visit. Sometimes our waiter would be absent for long periods of time, and then suddenly would be around almost too often. The place was loud, almost too loud. Prices are about what you'd expect for a sushi spot on the Strip. Overall, I enjoyed this place, but it is easily overshadowed by the plethora of better options nearby.
5	I've eaten at SushiSamba many many many times and have never written a review until now.  There's never been a reason for me not to write a review but since I've been actively writing format of my other jaunts I figured its about time to do it here!  Anyway, I usually spend my time at the bar.   Personally I think it's the best place to sit back, enjoy great sake and have a fine meal while engaging with others.  Plus, I have absolutely NEVER experienced a moment of bad service in the two years and 15-20 times a year I've been to Samba.  Everyone behind the bar is always incredibly friendly, and though the faces change occasionally, it's always a pleasure to see the usual staff.  They always have a friendly smile and engaging conversation, obviously not for long as they have their work to do and other customers, but I see they treat everyone around the bar like family.  No wonder why I keep coming back!  My last visit was Saturday March 2nd and I had a guest with me.  As always the service was outstanding and the ladies behind the bar went above and beyond to make our night special.  The food as always was fantastic!  We ordered the Kobe hot rock at the bar with thinly sliced Japanese A5 beef and cooking sauces, fun and entertaining tools your own special little treats.  We also hade surf and turf tacos as well as some amazing King Crab legs.  My date had a great time and we enjoyed a wonderful sake pairing with our meal and I enjoyed a great night of which I hold everyone working that night partially responsible. :)Needless to say, I recommend Samba to anyone who wants to have a good time, good food, and great service!  Do what I do, sit at the bar, enjoy the people watching, and get to know your bartenders.  They are awesome!
5	My husband I went for our Anniversary. This was our second visit. We are currently Gluten free, and the Chefs were able to accommodate our special needs. They even had gluten free soy available. The sea bass skewers were amazing. We even ordered a second serving of these!
5	Great Atmosphere.  Good Sushi.
4	SushiSAMBA was fantastic! The amazing Rhannah welcomed us right away and we had a great table with great service. The sushi was very good, but the highlight of the meal was our three meat churrasco.  WOW! The quality, the flavor, everything cooked to absolute perfection. We were full from the two beef entrees but had to eat the pork because it was too delicious to leave behind.  Topped off with a yummy cucumber cocktail suggested by our server and it was just a really wonderful meal!
5	Best place on earth to eat. Period. Get the ceviche and whatever the special is.
5	Some of the best sushi I have ever eaten.
2	0 star for the food. 2 stars for the ambiance0 star for the serviceI don't even know where to start. Honestly, the reviews are completely deceiving and I was highly disappointed! I was so bummed because we were on a really good streak of eating amazing food in Vegas too! Straight to the point.The entire experience was not at all what we were expecting. The ambiance is really nice however, it is pretty dim -and seemed more like a club/bar lounge than a restaurant. Honestly, I would go to a whole in the wall looking restaurant with delicious food than something that just "looks" nice. As an avid sushi consumer, please believe me when I say the food here is a complete disappointment! Save your winnings and go elsewhere-- McDonald's is not too far away you know. What we ordered: I'm so mad right now I don't even remember the names of the food we ordered! But we had a group 10 people. And NO ONE liked their food. The portions seemed to have been aimed for people that are about the size of a 3 yr old with the price of a pasta entree at an Italian restaurant. I mean, really- almost $20 for two less than 4 inch skewers of meat? What the hell is that? No sides- nothing. Just that. My sushi rolls were more bland than an infant's pureed cereal! We were all in disbelief. So much that traded of our sushi rolls with one another to see if it might have been what we ordered that wasn't tasty. Customer service:The waiter was set on how we should order when she came to our table. She heavily "suggested" that we order food as a "family style" in which every rolls, tempura, skewers and all are placed in the middle of the table and you grab what you eat kinda thing. Considering not everyone eats the same portion or even like the same things -how the hell are you going to split the bill fairly? We decided not to order that way and asked if she could place everyone's items on separate plates. Which didn't end up happening. They squeeze 4 rolls onto one plate which (1.) Looked messy (2.) We couldn't distinguish which roll belonged to who (3.) The flavors and sauce of each roll started to mix together.  We didn't even finish our food... we left hungry and went to Chipotle instead.Save yourself money & time and go elsewhere!
5	Great service and environment. Brazilian & sushi can't go wrong. Order 3-4 items and share
3	This was my second time here and after going to the Chicago location, Chicago rules all the way. The worst roll ever was the Samba Strip w/lobster, it looked like an amateur put it together. There was no flavor and for the price of $19, umm NOT! The only roll that was good was the Yamato (foie gras) and BoBo Brazil (seared wagyu beef). However, you must order the coco duo, it was the bomb!!!
5	In VEGAS when you are up $3,000  this is a good place to go and eat as much as you like!!!! You must try The Pork Belly The yellow Tail TaquitosOur bartender was really hot and awesome !
4	Sushisamba continues to be my "go to" spot when I am staying in the Palazzo.  Good, fresh food, great drinks and bartenders that are personable and welcoming always make my evenings here a good one.On this visit, I ordered the king crab leg.  At $25 it seems like a splurge, but it was huge, meaty and absolutely delicious!Tuna sashimi was fresh and tasty and even my grilled asparagus was perfect.If you are not staying in the hotel- know that it is on the 2nd level of the casino along with plenty of other shops!Always a good choice!
3	We arrived at the restaurant at about 12:40 on a Saturday night. The hours stated that they close at 2am however you would think it was 1 because we were rushed. The waiter was kind enough but he told us that the kitchen was closing and from that point he spewed suggestions out faster than we could look at the descriptions of them on the menu and it seemed as if they were just trying to feed us and get us out. The ambiance and seating were pleasant. We started with the samba strip and the green envy rolls. They were just ok. I have paid $15-20 for sushi rolls before and was less than impressed with the taste of these selections which tasted like run of the mill, $5 rolls. However, we ordered the raved about sea bass skewers that were recommended here on yelp and wow were we blown away. Succulent, juicy and jam packed with flavor. The waiter even gave us an extra one, perhaps because of the rush. If we weren't full from the rolls and didn't observe our server motion to the kitchen that they were done several minutes before we received the skewers, then we would have asked for another order... Maybe two lol.  We give 3 stars because of the overpriced sushi rolls and the feeling of being hurried but if you get a chance, try the sea bass skewers and maybe some of the other dishes... I'll definitely give them a second chance...perhaps a little earlier in the day next time.
5	Off the charts delicious!  Superb service!  Taquitos and duck breast were awesome. I don't remember the rolls but both were so tasty.
5	Hello! I am a vegan and I loved this place! Great cocktails but their mushroom toban yaki was fantastic. They had a great eggplant miso skewer which came with Brazilian corn. Fantastic. Would definitely go again!!!!Very crowded and loud music. Definitely try to make a reservation but great food vegans and non vegans!
4	Stopped here for happy hour (4-7pm ish) and enjoyed sipping caipirinhas and eating fresh sushi at the bar. The happy hour is a really good deal for the drink and appetizer specials, so I recommend that. For a sit-down sushi dinner, I'd go for Yellowtail at the Bellagio instead.
4	The place is a tad busy for my taste but all in all the service was good and the Kobe Beef on Hot Stone was to die for. A definite keeper.
5	What a fabulous meal!First some background.  We were a group of six New Yorkers in Vegas for a guys weekend of college basketball and good food.  All of us are regularly eating out in relatively expensive restaurants and love a good meal, consisting of both food and service. Having had an absolutely miserable experience the night before at Gordon Ramsey's Steakhouse in the Paris hotel, we were really looking forward to a nice evening and these guys really delivered.We were seated promptly and when the waiter came over and suggested that we could order from the menu or if we preferred we could give him a budget and he would serve us a meal.  We asked for a suggestion and he said that we'd really enjoy our meal at $65-70/person unless we wanted to also have a Kobe Beef course in which case we should figure closer to $100.  Having had steaks the night before we gave him a free hand at $65-70.Course after course of creative imaginative wonderful foods arrived, each one better than the one before. The final course was more traditional sushi with several creative rolls and as a few of us eat a top NY sushi restaurants regularly, we were more than pleased.By the way, The amount of food server was just right, enough to be satisfied but not stuffed..Service was terrific all night and for about $125/man including a approximately a 25% tip and tax (we only had one round of drinks) we left planning to reunite in their NY location in a few weeks.
4	Quad sashimi plate with the most juicy Waygu dumplings I have ever injested. You must order the sea bass on skewers with the giant corn! Go now and experience this!
3	Lots of different styles that I'm used to but always great to try new things...
4	A pretty good sushi spot in Vegas. It is really pricy for the kind of rolls, but you can tell everything is very fresh and has a lot of flavor. We got a Yellow-Tail Roll, A custom Crab and Lobster Roll, the SushiSamba roll, and a spicy tuna roll, also a plate of Chicken Teriyaki. The sushi for the most part was really good! The Chicken Teriyaki was decent, but nothing all that amazing considering it cost $26 for that plate. The servers are very informative on the dishes and are super friendly. They offer good advice and are pretty quick to serve. If you ask for the chef to make a custom roll with Crab and Lobster, the creations are usually really good! Highly suggest doing that! TLDR: Good sushi spot, but a bit pricy.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas and now a must-visit when I'm in town. Everything that I've had on the food and drink menu is delicious! I would highly recommend the green bean tempura to start off with. And the samba rolls, which are their latin-asian fusion sushi selections, are great culinary combinations. As others mentioned, it is a little pricey, but I think it's totally worth it. I would highly recommend making a reservation in advance if you plan on going. They can get very very busy.
4	I love this place. The sushi is always fresh and high quality. Everything has a rich flavor. The presentation of the food is beautiful. The non-sushi options aren't as good but are still really tasty and well presented. It's my go to spot for business dinner meetings. The place has a really nice ambience to it. Its intimate and the noise level is usually low so having a conversation is easy. The staff is really accommodating and their customer service is top notch. It's pricy but with sushi you get what you pay for. This is a place that I highly recommend.
4	Awesome good and atmosphere!!! :)
4	In a city of over the top fabulousness, Sushi Samba is the real deal. From the extensive selection of cold sakes to inventive pairings of fish and sauce, it's a welcome relief from the other mega experiences on the strip. Friendly wait staff and a lively atmosphere add to the enjoyment.
5	This was excellent; we had a tip to give the chef an amount of money per person and any no-nos; three of us did so and had a lovely meal with beer for 70 dollars each; more than enough food-you could of done 50 and been satisfied.  Best value for the $ in all the places I went to.  Nice service again and the chef was bang on to our whats (and nots).   Highly recommended; i give few 5 stars.
1	SUSHI SAMBA gave me a VERY BAD Experience!  I go to Vegas at least once every 3 months, and I was recommended by my colleague to try out the Palazzo, because he said that the Palazzo was a very nice place to stay at.  I definitely agree with my colleague on how nice this hotel is, but now the Palazzo is going to lose a lot of business.  We spent $3250+ for a couple of days in Vegas, and the customer service reps forgot that customers come first.  I called GRAZIEs phone number to file a complaint about the Sushi Samba manager that asked us to sit outside the bar and they told me to go to the Palazzo's front desk to file a complaint.  When I went to the front desk, the customer service reps told me that they cannot do anything.  Then they were kind enough to tell us that we had to leave or put on a shirt because I had tattoos.  I guess they think they are the only Sushi restaurant in town.  I hope the owner of this particular establishment does a better job of hiring managers.
5	Sushi Samba is amazing!   Forget trying to order from the extensive menu.  Instead, just tell your Server the type of Sushi or Sashimi you like, your level of "experimentation", and your price range.   They will bring you wonderful dishes that you won't find on the menu!   Alice was our Server, and she is great!   I highly recommended the Japanese Tacos and Kobe Beef Surf & Turf.  Your eyes will roll back in your head with pure ecstasy!   Note: Bring about $200 or more (for two people).  It's not cheap, but I would rank this meal as a top 10 of all time!
5	This is the place I make all my friends/family come to when they visit. The staff is wonderful, the atmosphere is hip, and there is a dish for everyone! (even people who do not like sushi)If you do go I would recommend asking what the best things on menu since it can be a little difficult figuring out what to get for the first time. ;)
3	Wandered in here without a plan for a first time meet up.Though my eyes were not necessarily on the food, I noted a few things, sitting at a table vs. sitting at the sushi bar: the emphasis was on the fusion foods (sushi menu was backpage) and the drink menu was bigger than the food menu. I agree with Bunny G. that no one bothered to explain anything about the menus.Ordered their house ice tea which is a mint tea Arnold Palmer, served with lemon & lime wedges.  Very tasty & refreshing since I don't think I've ever had an Arnie with mint tea.The edamame was standard fare, served cool with crushed rock salt sprinkled on top.  I ordered 2 rolls, shrimp tempura (6 pcs), and a spicy tuna (8 pcs).  The shrimp tempura was exactly that, no fuss, frills, standouts.  The spicy tuna, I think was just a tuna roll served with a squirt of sriracha.  Good thing I wasn't there for the food!The decor & service were exceptional and it looked like there was a special/private dining area in the back.  Interesting decor that isn't particular of any single culture, or at least any that I know of.  There were these wooden chairs that looked to be carved out of giant coconuts but could really only seat an Ommpa Loompa.  Another strange touch, that doesn't quite work to me: The food menus were not on the small side, but the cover was like leather, as in, not self supporting.  The only way to read the menu, that didn't feel awkward, was to lay it on the table.  For some reason, I didn't want a leather menu touching my little appetizer plate.  It seems unsanitary.Because the prices were so high, I rate the food a 2-2.5 stars, but the decor & service a solid 4 stars.  So, 3.33 stars, it is!
5	Decadent Asian fusion. We let the chef send us his choices based on our preferences and that was a great decision! There were 5 courses, all tasty!
5	good food, the green envy sushi roll and rosca's (donuts) are the perfect meal, ask for the kobe tacos too, great service and good wine selection, always a must stop when you're at the hotel
4	I wanted to give this 4.5 stars, but I'll round down. Came here with my sister for a convention in Vegas, we walked around the Venetian and Pallazzo for a while until we finally decided on SushiSamba.  First of all, the restaurant is beautiful. I really love the wall painings, interior design, and the bathroom design was really cool as well. Service here was excellent, my water was always full, when I got up to use the restroom I placed my napkin on the table, when I came back it was neatly folded back for me. We decided to get two appetizers. First the Rock Shrimp Tempura... Really no point in ordering this. Tempura taste the same everywhere, nothing special about theirs. We also tried the taquitos as suggested by the waitress. These were really just mini taco's. Main Lobster and Yellowtail. Both were nice and chilled taco's. Good sauce on the side. Not sure if I'd order them again, but they were decent.For dinner my sister ordered their Miso Marinated Chilean Sea Bass. This was absolutely excellent. The fish was cooked perfectly, it was so soft and delicious. It's served with vegetables and those were pretty good too. Possibly the post Chilean Sea Bass I've ever had. For my dinner I decided to order two rolls, the Neo Tokyo and the BoBo Brazil. The Neo Tokyo, which is bigeye tuna and tempura flake was delicious. The little sauce on top was a nice spicy sauce. This roll was very delicious. As for the BoBo Brazil.... Quite gross, too much avocado, wayyy too much in fact, in overpowered the entire roll. Both regular avocado and some mushy avocado. In addition the red onion also gave it some very odd taste. This was one of the worst sushi rolls I have ever eaten.For dessert we ordered the Samba split for two. It was really good, and a decent sized portion. Everything on the plate complemented each other and the banana brulee was fantastic.
5	We eat here every trip to Vegas!  Never ever had a bad meal here!  Drinks are really good too!  Excellent staff...and they will help you navigate the menu!So many good dishes we can never decide!Love Sushisamba!!
5	The food was amazing.  This is saying a lot for someone who spends $200 for dinner with a date pretty frequently.The rare wagyu beef sushi was amazing as was the yellow tail sashimi taquitos.  Everything was fresh as well, which left us commenting on how they get such fresh sushi in the desert (I suppose anything can be frozen and transported across half the world these days).  My dates cocktail was pretty impressive as well, the cocktail glass lined in sugar.I'm pretty partial to Asian Fusion, in general, and with the addition of the Brazilian flair, this place is one of the rare few that get my five stars.In Vegas style, a pretty swank interior with hanging sculptures, a viewing window of one table, into the mens bathroom, and open and expansive seating area in the back, all come together nicely for a great meal out.They're open late night (2AM on weekends) - so a bonus if you're strolling out of Tao a bit early.
4	Perfect for date night! It's such a pretty restaurant, and they plate their dishes just as elegantly. Our server was pretty attentive, although we did have a mixup with our rolls (which the manager did correct). We tried a bunch of different offerings from the menu, but these are the highlights. The green envy roll was my favorite, and we did try the el topo...which I found too rich (mozzarella + salmon was too much...although there was a nice kick from the jalapeno). I really liked what my date was sipping on, the samba juice (can't really go wrong with anything mixed with guava juice)...my cocktail definitely packed a punch (beijo)! Wish I had more room in my stomach to try more on the menu!
5	This place was great the server recommended something's that I found VERY tasty.The Lobster Ceviche was amazing soooo good. I asked about the Duck Breast and he recommended the mushroom and sauce which was so rich and flavorful I LOVED it. This place is tits I kid you not . A++++ at the very least
3	The sushi was great.  We had a really yummy seaweed sampler appetizer that was real good and the salmon sashimi was of very good quality.  We were not happy with the smallish roll selection and the service left a lot to be desired (minus 1 star).   We have a sushi place on every corner in the Bay Area/Sacramento area, and this place was pretty good, but not worth the cost.
3	Great ambiance, decent food.A lot of people have recommended this restaurant, but I think it's a bit overrated. I love sushi.  Although the sushi was well presented, they didn't taste like anything spectacular.  Surprisingly not too many rolls to choose from even though they try to create some original specialty rolls.  Neo Tokyo Roll - Spicy tuna inside, tuna outside.  This roll was just ok.  It just tastes like spicy tuna.Sea Bass Skewers - Probably our only favorite dish.  Comes with corn.El Topo Roll - Good, sorta like a crunchy roll, crispy onions and mayo on top.Pork belly ramen - Highly recommended by server, but a huge disappointment.  It was a failed attempt.  The broth was clear and bland.  It tasted like instant ramen with a hint of tom yum soup flavoring.  Nothing like ramen at all.  Sushisamba has good food, it just didn't show me anything new or exciting except that you're in a really nice restaurant, but you're paying for it.
5	I'm so glad I made reservations hereI wanted to reserve a place that wasn't Italian or heavy in the Venetian or Palazzo for my group of 8 girls.  We arrived a little early for our reservation and was seated immediately.  My cousin told the waiter what we liked and didn't like.  He said he would create a meal according to what we wanted.  Everything was fantastic.  Below is what we had and its description:Pork Gyozo-  Each dumpling was served on a delicious pumpkin puree.  Delicious!Sushi Platter- We got 5 different types of rolls, 2 of each type.  They were all so good.  Tiger Rock Shrimp- Yum!  If you like honey walnut shrimp then you will definitely like this.  It was perfectly made.  Yellowtail Ceviche tacos- These were the best tacos I have ever had.  The sauce it came with was a yummy spicy foam hot sauce.  They were small but definitely satisfying.  They just melt in your mouth.  So good!  Probably my favorite thing there.  Steak- The Steak was served with collard greens, potatoes, rice, and black beans.  It also came out with 3 different sauces that were all so good.  The green sauce was my favorite.  Seabass on Skewers- This was served with some Peruvian corn.  The seabass just melts in your mouth.  They were perfectly made.  The corn was also really good and went perfectly with the seabass.     Shots- Our shots came out beautifully presented on a shot tier.  Two of us didn't drink so our waiter brought out two that were watermelon juice so we could join in on toasting.    Dessert- Dessert was a mix of the best vanilla ice cream, creme burlee, mixed berries, and banana.  It was nicely made and topped off with some sparklers.  Everything was so tasty and beautifully presented.  The food wasn't just all Japanese.  It was definitely a fusion but everything went together wonderfully.  I think for us 8 girls it was about $75 each.  It was very worth it and we all left stuffed and happy.      Our server took care of us really well.  I liked that he noted there were 8 of us and made the portions perfect for 8 girls.  One of our girls couldn't eat raw fish or anything spicy and he made sure she got her own individual thing.  He also made note that two of us couldn't drink and brought out shots for everyone with 2 virgin drinks.  He made great recommendations and was helpful.  He also took time to take a couple photos for us.  As for the the ambiance, it was beautiful.  We had a great time celebrating.
5	UH-MAZE-INGThe name of the restaurant caught my eye when I was in NY but I didn't get a chance to try it until Vegas. SO WORTH EVERY PENNY! Otsumami assortment Salt & Pepper Squid Coconut RiceLobster Crispy TaquitosEverything our group ordered was delicious...except don't waste your time on the ramen. I think I will eat here every time I go back to Vegas.
4	4.5 stars5 stars for Happy Hour. My last visit in vegas I visited there HH twice, on the same day. A must order on the HH menu would be the waygu potstickers and the cocktails on the HH menu. Definitely a fun and great place to come for a nice meal. They offer a variety of food from sushi to steak. Definitely a fushion of Japanese and Peruvian. Drinks, food and service are great. Prices are little pricey but again your in vegas so go ahead splurge and enjoy the rest of your night. A great place to start off your night or make time to hit their Happy Hour. Definitely a place to hit up especially if your around that side of the strip or staying in the hotel.
5	I enjoy Sushi Samba a ton and it is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. I have been there three and had the tasting menu each time. This place is essentially Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian fusion. If you're willing to spend some money ($50-$100 a head), I recommend doing the tasting menu. It's a 5-7 food course and displays some of the full offering of the restaurant. Some of the highlights of my meal were the ceviche tacos, the beef gyozas (sp?), the meat courses, and finally the sushi. The sides are also excellent, with the Peruvian corn and more.All in all, it's unique food and definitely worth checking out. This place is very pricey though, so be prepared to spend money.
4	Went to Sushi Samba for a bachelorette dinner with a large group of 15+. The staffs were super accommodating and professional. They brought out our food quite quickly and they gave us some complimentary cocktails. The cocktails were really good, and they were creepers. The sushi is pretty fresh but tasted just okay. The hot food were pretty good though. The atmosphere were very nice and intimate at the same time. It was definitely a fun restaurant for groups.
2	Food is pretty good, wait staff is really nice and great service but it's ridiculously overpriced. Get sushi somewhere else if that's what you're looking for. Did their sampler menu which includes sushi, seafood and Kobe beef. Nothing tasted bad....but it was $150 a person. One out of the 9 items brought to the table was memorable - the sea bass on a stick. Oh, and the $8 double shot of espresso that woke me up ;). Cost our group of 7 over $1K. Not that much food. Outrageously priced and you can get WAY better (more interesting and flavorful) sushi for a fraction of the cost. Nice service and wait staff though. Unless you're rich don't waste your money. Nice of them to give us birthday shooters of a tasty pink lemonade shooter.
1	Food was average. The waiter did not seem to care about food sensitivities or preferences, he refused to give us a menu and assured us we would spend 50 dollars each. He brought us food according to what we preferred, but food was on par with chain restaurants like the Cheesecake Factory. Don't hoard the menu dudebro! Bill came and it ended up being 150 a person. Triple what he had told us it would be. 6 people and 1100 dollars for an average meal is not what I want to experience in Las Vegas. I'm fine with spending money, but it needs to be worth it and I need to know in advance so I can budget accordingly.Ambiance was nice, service was attentive... But hey, we were the cash cow of the night, if he had ignored us, our complaint to the manager would have been legitimate enough to get a discount. This restaurant will live on forever in my memory as a regret of wasted money that keep me up at night. Like that time I thought it would be a good idea to sign up for marathons I never ran, or that time I bought my ex boyfriend a gold necklace the year I found out he cheated on me. Never again!! Stay away, unless someone else is footing the bill!
5	Loved my experience at SUSHISAMBA.Went there twice this weekend. Loved the atmosphere. What to get:Kobe beef taquitosYellowtail taquitosYellowtail ceviche (omg drool)El topo RollGreen Envy RollNeo Tokyo RollSamba chef inspiration (different types of fish sashimi with a roll)Sake,sake,sakeChu-cucumber martiniI cannot really remember what else we ate, but everything was so delicious that we went back before we left our trip. Fun place for either a group date, romantic date, or girls night out! They need to bring one to LA :)
4	My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)Go or No?  Go.Tease:   SushiSamba is a Japanese Sushi and Peruvian fusion place in the Palazzo.Why I went:   My wife and I wanted a late afternoon snack, and sushi sounded good.  We were staying at the Palazzo, so we figured we'd give the place a try.When:  11/17/12Food:   Between us, we got the shrimp tempura roll (generic, but pretty much as good as you could get), ume shiso roll (very flavorful), urchin, Spanish mackerel, and king crab.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  The overall menu looked super interesting and something worthwhile to check out in full for a dinner or lunch.  We just ordered small things as nibbles.    Service:  Very good.  Hints/Final thoughts:  SushiSamba has enough interesting items on their menu to make it stand out.  Additionally, they do just enough traditional things to please some more hardcore sushi fans.  This is a fusion, so expect it in almost everything.  But the tastes are interesting and the food is fresh.
5	Wowsers. Hands down one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas. Everything I ate was delicious. You must try the truffled Kobe beef, Kobe beef tacos, pesto scallops, lobster roll and I can go on and on. I had a cucumber martini and it was amazing. Fun atmosphere and i will dine here every time I visit Las Vegas.
5	I didn't have to pay. The food was amazing... I was plastered on saki bombs half way through, so I don't remember much. It must have been a good time.
4	Nice Food, love the Vibe.Excellent service.Good food, not in Los Angeles standards.Best option in The Palzzo-Ventian Area.
5	We were in town over the 4th of July weekend and wanted to finally try a sushi place in Vegas.  After looking at reviews and prices, we decided to give Sushi Samba a try.  The service was amazing, we had Vanessa who was one of the best waitresses we have ever had.  The food came in under 5 minutes, tasted great, Vanessa's recommendations were great, and we just had an overall great time.  When we are in town next, we will make sure to visit sushi samba again.
4	yamato roll, yes. the ramen though, noooo. overcooked pork belly and egg. blah, disgusting
5	What can I saw but wow!  I was recently in Miami Southbeach and visited SushiSamba. Well my friend knew many of the bartenders from being a regular patron. So we definitely got good service! Well visiting Las Vegas 3 weeks later I decided to look for a local SushiSamba. Using yelp I found there to be a SushiSamba in Venetian on the strip. I checked their website to verify they were open and found out they had a reverse (late) happy hour starting at 11pm till close.So my friend and I took a cab from Hardrock hotel (probably last time there, thats a whole different story) to Venetian hotel. On arrival I saw the bar was placed in front where there were a few seats available. So we sat down towards the end of the bar and asked if we could eat dinner at the bar. The bartender Mari (Maria)  gave us some menus and we asked for the happyhour menu which had just started. I asked about some of the items on the menu and she was very friendly and informational. My friend was actually not feeling good and she gave him some tonic water and small amount of bitters to help ease his stomach. (which actually helped later on)She ended up getting real busy at the bar but no matter how busy she got she always made sure we got what we needed in a timely manner. She balanced about 10-15 bar patrons orders drink and food wise along with still making drinking for all the waiters ordering drinks for their patrons. I felt she was really efficient and still friendly in demeanor always smiling! I find good freindly custommer service is hard to come by now a days. Kristina the floor manager checked in with us and made sure we were doing ok and that all our needs were meet. Another great show of good customer service. When the managers come up and check in with their patrons I feel they are actually taking interest and want to make sure all your needs are being meet!We had a really good night there so much we decided to go back the following night to see if we could have another good successful night again. Well our expectations were exceeded again. Mari was working again and thanked us for returning and even went out her way to have us try a few things on the menu we didn't even order to ask our opinion. She even made drinks to our specific needs (my friend didn't want that much sugar in his drink) She made it to meet his needs and turned out to still be a decent drink. Mari's good customer service was the best during my stay in Vegas and I was there july 4-9. She far exceeded my expectations and went above and beyond! The floor manager Kristina also sat down with us to talk about customer service and again making sure everything meet our expectations.  I have to recommend SushiSamba, the bartender Mari (Maria) and the floor manager Kristina. 5 stars and i would tell anyone heading to visit to make it a stop for sushi or tapas.
5	I wasn't feeling sushi, but I went with it. My expectations were low, just another sushi bar in Vegas...We gave our server, Veronica, a per-person budget and let her pick. I was blown away!We were served Mini Tacos, Sea Bass skewers, Sashimi Ceviche, Seared Wagyu Beef, Salt & Pepper Squid and more. The plates just kept coming. How did they get such incredible flavors into the food? I would put Sushisamba up against the best. Sure, Nobu (Malibu) may have great atmosphere, but the flavors, quality, variety, and probably 100 different sakes here, make them a strong competitor. Service was impeccable (Ask for Veronica).
5	Located in The Shoppes at Palazzo casino. My original plan was to get some comps redeemed for Grand Lux Cafe (which is a great place as well). To my surprise, I had over 100 bucks available...I don't remember playing in the Venetian Poker Room that much, but oh well. A bigger surprise, they had a long list of places I could use comps at, including steakhouses, and here. This is not the norm for Vegas poker rooms. I guess this could be a Venetian Poker Room review as well; they treat their customers very well! So I decided to try this place. I'm very glad that I did! My waitress Isabella was very attentive, thorough, and answered any questions I had. Top notch service! The rest of the waitstaff was even friendlier. My table was periodically kept clean, and LOTS of refills kept coming. I was expecting to eat regular sushi, maybe a tasting menu. And I never really thought of what the Samba part meant. But I looked at the menu and there were lots of options available, fusion-style: from Brazilian steaks to traditional sushi rolls. I was in for an unexpected and different, yet very satisfying meal. -Samba Tea: This is a must try! I forgot what they were, but they included many different types of ingredients; the result being one of my favorite teas, if not my favorite. -BoBo Brazil Samba Roll: Wagyu beef, Brazilian-Japanese style...something new and amazing!-Miso-Marinated Chilean Sea Bass...so good! one of the best fish i've ever had.-20oz Bone In Ribeye Steak: juicy and delicious. loved the flavor! goes very well with the sushisamba dipping sauces. -Warm Chocolate Banana Cake (maple butter, banana chip, vanilla rum ice cream)...awesome!Service: 5/5; Food: 5/5!This was a unique and awesome dining experience for me. And it looks like there's plenty more to try! Thanks SushiSamba. I would definitely come back!
5	To start off I was not expecting to be blown away with this place but I WAS!! Everything from this restaurant was beyond my expectations.Went there for a special treat and oh my... we had one.First off I would not say the sushi is extraordinary, in fact its standard but I did love the yellow tail scallion there more than I do at most places, but the items on the menu other than sushi is what got me!First and for most  the drink tower is amazing and unique from the appearance to all the different varieties like the cucumber one, strawberry, grapefruit, and so on...we tried total of 6!!. My favorite was the one with the cucumber and the one with the mint cant recall the actual names due to all the drinks ; ) Now on to the MEALSSSSS the ones I loved would have to be the steak tacos, best I had in a really long time and the sauce that they come with has a little kick that makes it all so complete. Another one would have to be the Alaskan king crab leg cut in perfect portions to be grabbed with the chop sticks and topped off with a cream sauce was sooooooooo good!! There was also the miso sea bass if you like the taste of the miso flavor and appreciate sea bass like I do its a must, even though my last bite on the skewer was not as great as the first 3 ; ( and my favorite dish of the whole night would have to be the in shell scallops!!!! I had never seem my scallops served in a shell till I went to this place, they were cooked with perfection and had some sort of pesto butter topping them off. I can literally eat so many and never have enough!! One more dish worth mentioning would have to be the tempura shrimp even though I am not a fan of most fried foods this one was good!! And the portion was giant!As far as the dessert I am usually one to clear out all the plates but this was not the case for me, we got the mochi variety dish but it was too frozen it didn't do the mochi justice, and our other dessert consisted of friend bananas (Which i am not a fan of) and coconut cream and the best coffee ice cream I have ever had! This meal was a fun teat and experience and the staff was amazing! Another tip on the side is make reservations, it was PACKED when we got there...
5	We REALLY liked this place.  The vibe was cool and hip.  The servers were fast and everyone was really polite.  They had an extensive selection of sake choices... But the best part came when Chef Herb came out from the kitchen to great us.  He then went on to make us 2 specialty dishes (not on the menu) just to make our first night there even more memorable.  I'm definitely recommending my friends to this place when they're in Vegas!
5	While celebrating 4th of July in Vegas I had a craving for sushi. My buddy went to lunch at SushiSamba and came back to the hotel raving about how amazing it was. I asked him if he'd be down to go back for dinner, "No Doubt!". We went and the girls at the front of the restaurant were beautiful, bubbly and sincerely sweet. They helped get us seated right away at the bar. The head Chef named Herb came out personally to greet us since it was my buddies second time there in a day. Chef Herb talked with us for a few minutes and then sent us some complimentary dishes to show his appreciation for our appreciation of our food. That is how to build loyalty in a business. Make sure to make your customers feel welcomed and appreciated for the business they bring you. The food was amazing and I have been to top restaurants such as Nobu, Naoe, and Zuma and for the price difference between the two I would pick sushisamba hands down. The ambiance and decor was awesome. Our server was a Japanese girl who was on her game taking care of many tables at once and still took time to chat with us. Highly recommend this spot!
5	An excellent fusion of Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian.  What I found different about this establishment compared to others is the approach of ordering from their menu.  Our waiter asked us for a price range we're willing to spend.  An example range is $60-$120.  My brother (who's birthday we're celebrating) said about $80 per person.  Next, the waiter asks us what our likes, dislikes, allergies, etc in order to create a unique dining experience for us.  My brother basically said he doesn't want to eat sushi (he didn't feel like it that day), wants to try the gyoza, and definitely want to sample the kobe beef.  After our drinks arrived, we waited about 10-20 minutes before our appetizers and entrees came.We tried a variety of food which ranged from gyozas, skewers, sea bass, and kobe beef.  The main attraction is the kobe beef where they bring a large stone that's heated to 700 F for us to cook our thinly sliced beef on.  The waiter demonstrated by taking some butter and spreading it on top of the stone followed by laying the beef on top like it's sunbathing.  After a minute or two, the beef slices were dipped onto 1 of 3 sauces and finally onto our table.  The verdict: mouth watering bliss.  Almost as good as the kobe beef I had in Kobe, Japan!!!The last attraction is the birthday dessert given to my brother.  The candles were sparkling similar to the morning glory fireworks that kids hold in their hands.  Truly a memorable experience.
5	We came here for a bachelorette dinner with 11 girls. The service and food was amazing! We were told the items are mostly served family style but after looking through the menu we had no idea what to order. The server suggested doing their a la carte menu where we tell them a per person price point, our likes and dislikes and the chef will customize a meal for us. Best idea ever!!!We said $60 per person would be good.What we received: 3 course meal, complimentary dessert for the bride to be and a free round of small strawberry drinks for the table.The appetizer course had 4 plates: fried green beans, edamame, and peppers; dumplings; buffalo shrimp; taco with tuna I believe...but I told the waiter at the beginning that I dont eat anything raw and they bought me a lobster taco insteadThe entree course: steak and mushroom;  fish skewers (I normally don't eat fish but this was my favorite!); crabSushi course: so much sushi I can't even name them all!Dessert: (for the bride) white and black chocolate mousse with small rice crispy chocolate ballsThe best part was that they customized the entire meal for us including the number of items for everyone to share. The $60 pp was more than enough food! With tip, tax and not including the bride's share, it came out to $80 pp. I think we could have done $50 and been satisfied bc we were super stuffed afterwards! Yum! I loved how we got to try a bit of everything!
3	We enjoyed SushiSamba twice while staying at The Palazzo. The first time, we had lunch and the second time, we met a group for drinks after dinner. LUNCHThe whole Japanese/Brazilian/Peruvian fusion idea had me curious. That, and if I am honest with myself, I was craving sushi because it's been awhile. Enter SushiSamba for lunch. We were seated promptly at a booth and perused the menu. After some deliberation, I decided on the Samba Strip roll (Maine lobster tempura, mango, tomato, chive, crispy rice, soy paper, peanut curry) and a side of Peruvian corn. The presentation of the Samba Strip roll was lovely, and the lobster claw was filled with succulent meat - as it turns out, chopsticks are the perfect implement for digging out every single morsel of claw meat. The peanut sauce was delicious with a tang at the end that had me coming back for more. And interestingly enough, the Peruvian corn, when dipped in the peanut sauce, was quite delicious. The Peruvian corn itself was wonderful - it has a slightly sweet, tangy sauce on it which complemented the roasted goodness of the corn very well. About the size and similar to hominy, it had a memorable (in a good way) stick-to-your-teeth texture.DRINKSThe atmosphere becomes more clubbish in the evening and the music gets turned up a notch. We gathered at the front in the waiting/bar area and pretty much took over the couch and chairs there. Our server was great about allowing us to hang out there for an hour or so over drinks. Speaking of drinks, I had an amazing concoction called the Nashi martini (Grey Goose La Poire, shochu, St. Germain elderflower liquor, fresh lychee, passion fruit ). I could have bathed in it, given the chance.
4	I'm back! The food was awesome as usual. I went during Happy Hour and planned on ordering a few $6 appetizers and rolls, but was somewhat easily persuaded and got the bar waitress' recommendation of Sushi and Sashimi Platter. It actually turned out pretty good. I also ordered the Salt & Pepper Squid...the dipping sauce, flavored lime, and some sort of crystal salt were all really yummy combined. I got a Spicy Tuna Roll as well, and of course, more Samba Tea! It was a good experience overall. The $6 items have some value to them, even to the casual dining customer. The bartender and waitress were friendly folks as well. I will be back again!
4	Not a big fan of the name they have for this restaurant, but the rest of the experience was amazing.  The dining room is large and well designed (rumor has it the build-out cost $10M).  We had a large party of 12, which can always be a challenge for a packed restaurant, but not here.  Our waiter was terrific and recommended family style meal and provided two options - w/o Kobe would run around $60pp, and with Kobe would run around $80-90pp.  We opted to go without (which I suggest based on our experience).  Boom - out comes the food.  The meal was around 3-4 courses and included cooked appetizers, sushi rolls, and beef / pork proteins.  Each course was fresh - hot dishes hot, cold dishes cold and tasted great.  The ribeye was a bit overcooked, but given how many they crank out, it wasn't a huge disappointment.  The experience here was a thousand times better than Mastro's the night before in terms of level of service, food quality, and how fast the dishes came out.  Definitely recommend this place (especially for large parties).They did have a nice cocktail and sake menu.  Their mixed drinks were pretty good, but not stellar.  If you order shots here, they offer a very generous pour (which is great).
4	Yes, it's very pricey for the quantity of food on the plate. However, the quality and taste are both solid.A breakdown of what I sampled:Nashi Martini (4.5 stars): passion fruit and lychee were both strong in the cocktail. Try this cocktail!Samba Strip (4 stars): nice dipping sauceBobo Brazil (4 stars): delicate, small, but tastyPork Belly Lettuce Wrap *special of the day* (4 stars): very tasty; nicely cooked
4	So we were headed to Bouchon, but they closed at 1 for lunch/breakfast. To be honest, we didnt really expect to be on time anyway. It is Vegas after all: people dont necessarily keep regular hours, our circadian rhythms were thrown off to say the least. Anyway, the place was really cool, i loved the ambiance, the art on the walls and the designs. The place was a bit dim, but I wouldn't classify it as romantic or dark. There were families, younger(us) and and middle aged people so its not a party place where you would do saki bombs(there are enough of those in Las Vegas), nor do you have to wear a suit & tie to come in. The appetizers were delicious! the side sauces accompanying them were equally great. Each roll comes with 6 pieces, which was perfectly sized, the one roll that stuck with me was El topo, that one was really tasty. Friends of mine tried the wild mushroom soup--they were really happy with their choice. The price was very reasonable too. I'd definitely give this place a try if you are in the mood for some Sushi.
4	Good sushi good service Just little pricy coz of in hotel. But it was good experience !
5	The BF and I ALWAYS eat here when we are in Vegas which is at least once or twice a year. (My favorite aunt lives there) Like most trendy Vegas restaurants, this one is GORGEOUS. It is located in the Palazzo hotel (my fave!!!)You have to try their extensive list of Saki and their cocktails which are broken up by country: Japan, Brazil, Peru. Samba Juice is my favorite especially on a hot summer day.This place is a little pricey but is well worth the splurge. I don't know where else you can find this type of fusion!Our favorites are:-Berkshire pork belly-Sea Bass miso-Neo Tokyo roll-Yamato roll-BoBo Brazil roll-El Topo rollAdd this to your bucket list!
4	OMG.. My first Review written from my phone! I am so excited! I will start with our hostess, she greeted us, our party was ready and hungry, so we were seated in a private room hidden in the back if the Resturant.. I ordered the trio appetizer, miso soup, and blue point oysters for starters.. The trio was good.. The truffle sauce made the dish.. Miso soup had cilantro in it, which have it a almost Thai influence.. The oyster sauce was yum stuff with a kick.. I like a kick!For sushi I had the sashimi with the usuals.. Was great quality of fish- did not have rolls since they had tacos, I did the lobster and hamachi.. Wouldn't suggest the lobster again but the hamachi was SOOOO yummy!For dinner we did the Kobe on hot stone experience- while the meat lacked flavor it made up for it in texture- OMG.. Hamachi Kama was Huge! And Sake was so Super Smooth.. Love me some Daiginjo! I'm a fan of the food.. Pricing well... It's Vegas- that's all there is to say about that' ..
4	Second time at Sushi Samba, and it never let's me down. The first time I went to Sushi Samba I was a bit worked over from the Vegas weekend so I decided to order the Berkshire Porkbelly Ramen OMG that's all I have to say. So after craving that soup for a year I had to come back. When I ordered the Ramen as my main course  everyone at my table was making fun of me, but I had the last laugh when everyone went crazy over my soup! The service was slow, but they did wave our corkage fee when we ordered a few bottles of sake.
5	First we brought a bottle of really nice white wine here.The manager came up and told us that the corkage fee would be $35. He then said if we bought one bottle on the wine list, including the large selection of Sake, he would waive the corkage fee. Epic win.We got two bottles of cold unfiltered sake which I recommend to all the yelpers out there. My Fiance had this bowl of soup dish that had pork, noodles, lot of spices, etc. I had some kind of roll which was very good.A couple people in our party ordered Churrasco Rio Grande which was this huge grill your own steak dish with tons of dipping sauces, sides, and meats. It was beyond delicious, and fun. You get to grill the meat on a hot stone.Basically, this is the only Fusion restaurant I have even been to that worked. The menu had a lot of vegan and vegetarian items as well, and the servers handled our party which was a little rambunctious to say the least.Prices are very reasonable.
3	Came in for an early dinner before a show. Service and ambiance pretty good. Here's what we had:miso soup - salty and $6 for a $1.50 bowl. I know it's the Strip, but...tuna tataki anticucho beef and seabass - these were very good, and only slightly overpriced even at Strip prices. Seabass was more like butterfish misoyaki, so you're not gonna fail here, but please don't mislead me and call it "anticucho"!duckrice - $5    O_Oseviche tuna yellowtail - $30 for 5 pcs.... and not the greatest cutdessert was very gratifying, with the chocolate banana thing (sorry, it was a while ago) and pressed coffee and hot tea - quite excellent.Whichever items didn't have any remarks meant that they were pretty good too. With exception to an extremely lackluster miso soup and the hamachi, the food wasn't terribly overpriced. They do a montage of Japanese, Hispanic, Brazilian mix. Service was decent, nothing worth noting and far from elegant, personable, or excellent but whatever I guess? I was there to eat, not have my butt kissed. Will I come back to eat when I get into town? Perhaps. They have an extensive menu so worth trying some different things. Is it a must? No.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place.  A+ for the friendly, quick, and attentive service.  A++ for the food.  I was there with a large group of girls for a bachelorette party (they brought out a beautiful display of complimentary strawberry shots!) and we all decided to do the chef's tasting menu.  Absolutely everything (gyoza, sushi, sashimi, steak, seabass) was fresh and delicious.  I can't wait to try out the other Sushisambas in other cities.
2	it's just overpriced mediocre sushi.... sad...each sushi ordered comes in one piece so be careful of that! they did have something different/unique though quinoa handroll. not impressed.  most basic salmon sushi... not impressed. felt like i was eating box sushi.
4	great food. prices a little high - but very reasonable for las vegas. love the ambiance. will definitely visit again.
5	OMG!  I was super surprised how awesome this place was.  I was expecting some hyped up place since it was Vegas.  I was a bit skeptical since it is Japanese/Peruvian fusion.  Since it was my first time there, I didn't know what to order.  But with some tips of my friends who recommended the place, we opted for the waitress to make a menu for us.  She asked how much we wanted to spend.  I decided to go all out since it was my fiance's birthday weekend and said we wanted to spend a $100 per person.  I forgot what they brought out to us, but everything was so delicious.  Whenever I think of going to Vegas again, I definitely want to come back.  The service was great.  And we had about 6 people with us, so they just ordered off the menu.  If you don't like what they have on the menu, just have them make one for you.  They ask if you like raw fish or if your prefer cooked.  We weren't disappointed at all.
5	Very interesting fusion of peruvian and asian cuisine! Totally loved it. The kobe beef with the peruvian sauce...very highly recommended! Interesting seviche rolls..my palate was very happily confused at the end of dinner. Apart from the food the cocktails and sake were amazing too.
5	First of all... AMAZING!  If you're okay with Tapas style, paying a little more for a good meal, and willing to have fusion-y food... This place rocks!  The non-sushi plates are ALL worth trying... But our favorites were: Japanese A5 Wagyu Gyoza, Yellowtail Taquitos, the Peruvian Bay Scallops and the MELT ON YOU'RE MOUTH Sea Bass! Yes... This is a pricey joint, so maybe try the dishes that seem safe to you first, but everything we tried was simply amazing...That said, the sushi itself may not be anything too special, but the fusion items are totally worth every cent! My suggestion: check out the menu beforehand so you have an idea of what to start with... As with all fusion foods, the descriptions are essential :)  Of note: ALL the staff was helpful and friendly and intent on SERVICE...If you're lucky enough to get Isabella... Trust her!  Her suggestions were all on point!
4	All dishes were very tasty and well presented.A bit overpriced, but considering the stellar service, quality of ingredients and wonderful ambiance, not bad.Definitely try the wagyu gyozas.
4	Off the charts. We trusted the waiter on sample dinner and he came through. The service was great and food was amaz.  Atmosphere was loud and alive so if you want a quite dinner than this ain't your spot.  Must get is the Chilean sea bass.
5	Very good.  Nice sushi, interesting other dishes, super cool atmosphere.  Definitely a winner.
5	Planned a 12-person dinner celebration here for a bachelorette party over labor day weekend and couldn't have been happier with the choice! Sushi Samba was great from the get-go. We emailed them to see about their pre-fix ordering menu for bigger parties, and their events coordinator got back to us immediately with all the important details.The night of our reservation, my friend and I arrived at the restaurant early with some requests for our dinner. The hostess brought out the manager AND our waiter to speak with us directly. Both accommodated us perfectly in our requests for pre-ordering drinks, finding an ideal price-point for our group, and making sure the menu suited our needs. We were seated in their backroom at a great big table. Our waiter was extremely friendly without being overbearing. We ordered the family-style meal and asked for options on the lighter/fresher/fishier side of things. All items we got were awesome-- they hit the nail on the head with our requests: green bean tempura, tuna tataki, ceviche tacos, terriyaki fish skewers, a wide variety of sushi, edamame... and even more! They also made special plates for one of the girls who didn't eat raw fish. Bonus points right there!At our price point (about $40/per person before tax and tip) we had plenty of food and even extra left over. Splitting everything family style made for a really fun evening and made splitting the check extremely easy. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone planning a party. Now I just have to check out Sushi Samba in Chicago!
5	I love this happy hour. They had a pear martini that was to die for. The lemon martini hit the spot. We tried all rolls on the happy hour and definitely would go for this weekly. Prices great for what quality you get!! I wouldn't steer you wrong this place is. Def better than the rest.
5	In the city that never sleeps and a hunger to feed, there are so many restaurants to choose from. Sushi samba is one of my favorites. We always go with a group and get the chefs tasting. It starts at $50/person and you get 3-4 dishes per course. My favorite dishes are the sea bass skewers and moquesca mista! So amazing in taste and flavors.
4	I really want to give this place 3.5 stars - I do like it a lot, but the first time I came here, I was absolutely floored. We did the "tasting" where the waitress asked what we liked, what we didn't, and just brought tasting portions of dishes for each of us to try based on our answers. It was phenomenal. Everything we had...I loved. I dreamed about it! Ok...maybe not dreamed about it, but I promised myself that next time I was in Vegas, I would be back (especially since first food & bar closed in the Palazzo, that was my favorite).So, a few months later, I made my way back, this time for my sisters birthday. Since there weren't as many of us, we decided to go for lunch. I got my 3 favorite things from before - the wagyu potstickers (AMAZING - the pumpkin puree is fantastic, I want a jar of it. It's creamy and sweet but not out of place), the mushroom "stew" like appetizer (sorry can't remember the name!) with the "kobe" beef skewers, and the sea bass skewers (definitely a highlight). Aside from that, we got a couple sushi rolls and edamame. The rolls we got were recommended, and I must say, none of them wowed me. They were all just OK. The fish was fresh, but the flavors just didn't mesh as well as anything else (hence the deduction).All in all, I do like this place a lot, but I would stick to the robata/brazilian/peruvian side of things, not so much the sushi!
5	We come here every time we are in Vegas. Amazing food and good service.  A couple of my favorites off the menu are the yellowtail ceviche and the mushroom red miso soup.We've come both for lunch and for dinner.  The vibe at dinner time is like a club...maybe people come here before they hit the clubs or something.  It's dark and the music is crazy loud.  But my 80 year old grandma still enjoys it even with the loud music so it's not too big of a deal.  If you're ever in Vegas I definitely recommend coming here.  Everything is good.
5	The manager Allen was so amazing... I come here a lot! I'm a local and I must say I never get tired of it. On Date night I could eat here every time! My newest obsession is the El Topo! If you are in Vegas please try them out they do not disappoint!
5	Oh my goodness. I would have to say the dinner I had here was one of the best treats I've had this year! I am so fortunate to have gotten this experience that I will never forget. It was so awesome! If coming here, I'd suggest making reservations because it is jam packed, but only because it is THAT good. The environment is bustling and vibrant. So. Much. Fun! When my friends showed up we got seated right away were introduced to the chef who told us he had many special dishes on their way. First off they presented us with a tower of drinks! All mini glasses of their specialty cocktails. So awesome! There were four of us and they brought us a total of 3 towers, so we each got to try 6 different flavors. Loved it so much. The variety was just amazing. I'd have to say my top 3 favorites were the Chu-cumber (cucumber flavored one), the lemon samurai, and pisco sour (I have visited Peru before so I've had the opportunity to try an authentic version of this before). So so great!All the meals brought out for us to share were fantastic! The Peruvian corn was different a cool blend of flavors to add to our palette. The Alaskan king crab legs were perfection! And my other favorite dishes were the mini tacos and the shelled scallops. So amazing! Other fantastic dishes I got to try were the salt and pepper squid, rock shrimp tempura (amazing), miso marinated sea bass, chicken teriyaki-samba style... Like I said. One. Amazing. Experience!!! I can't wait to come back again.
5	Delicious food, great vibe, and the absolute best service! Never had my glass lower than half gone.  They were quick on picking up plates and would give you new plates and chopsticks with every order. Wonderful all around!
5	Love the atmosphere! had my boyfriends 30th b-day here and it was fantastic. You have to get the meat platter, its a steal for what you get!
5	One of the best Asian fusion restaurants I have been to. Typically I find restaurants based in a hotel setting to be sub par to your local restaurant, BUT sushi samba blew my socks off!Great inventive selections and amazing drinks while listening to the DJ spinning!
1	Came here with a group of girlfriends and they sat us in a back room . The ambiance was DEAD. maybe one other table... I felt like a leopard.  The front of the restaurant is where it's going on! Well i'm allergic to sea food so it was not my choice to come here. I told our server that so he knew to tell the kitchen. I ordered the steak and BTW it was the smallest steak EVER!!! i normally wouldn't care but it was $35!!! I was still hungry after!!!  long story short about an hour after dinner I was throwing up my tiny tiny dinner!!  I also had rashes and all that good stuff going on...   P.S. They ruined my Vegas night because I ended up in bed throwing up all night instead of going out with my girl friends... P.S.S. I had nothing to drink so I know it was the food. STAY FAR FAR AWAY !!!! If you want to see another day....VEGAS NIGHT KILLERS!
5	In las Vegas as well as other big restaurant/entertainment towns, good food is expected but in Las Vegas it sometimes does not fully compare to Chicago and NY.However, the one place I finally went to was Sushi Samba and what a great surprise.  I tend to avoid sushi in several places when traveling unless in Hawaii and some parts of CA and Japan.  Sushi Samba had some of the best dishes I have had and the quality was great.  They have a variety of menu items with small plates and full entrees.  They do some traditional sushi but mostly more interesting variations as well as the S American dishes.  Some of the items were:Rock fishWagyu GyozaRock shrimp tempuraGreen bean tempuraPork bellyMoqueca Mista. Seafood coconut milk and rice with green onionYamato sushi roll(maguro, Fois gras, Osetra caviar)Uni shushi outstanding Great sake listAll the fish and shellfish were fresh and well prepared.It gets busy so we ate at the bar and the service was excellent there.  Luna and Maria can help with picking some great dishes at the bar.It is on the higher price side but worth it compared to a lot of other places where the food doesn't always live up to the expectations in Vegas.  Looking forward to next trip back there.
5	I really want a Bay Area restaurant to steal Sushi Samba's Wagyu Gyoza with pumpkin puree. WOW. I was excited to try this restaurant because the ambiance looked edgy and I was curious to try Japanese/Peruvian/Brazilian-fusion food. We were greeted with an amazing scallop dish, compliments of the chef, which assured me that I was going to be in for a great meal. The sake/wine/cocktail list was impressive and our waiter helped us choose a really nice, unfiltered, cold, sake. Our table of 4 opted to state a price per head and allowed our waiter to choose our menu for us. We had 2 must-haves - the wagyu gyoza and the pork belly. I was afraid we would leave a bit hungry but the waiter insisted $60-70/person would fill us up. Boy, was he right! We were graced with plate after plate of delectable food items. We pretty much ate every dish that most Yelpers commented on. Our drink bill w/ a bottle of wine, bottle of sake, and a round of cocktails made our bill hefty but this was such a memorable meal that no one complained! Service was fantastic, the ambiance colorful and lively, and the food is amazing! Will make our way here again next time we take a trip to Vegas.
5	No way I can give it less than a 5. Best Asian fusion food in Vegas!  I eat there at least once every time I am in Vegas. Definitely try the Tuna Taquitos and Duck apps. My only gripe is food comes so quickly!
4	Honestly only came to this place because our other dinner plans fell through and we saw the name on our key card (great advertising). We went with the option of having the waitress/chef plan our dinner and it was perfect. We got a sampling of all three inspirations (Japanese, Brazilian, Peruvian) based on our preferences. Everything was delicious and perfect for our varying palates. The only reason for one less star is because the waitress claimed to budget us for "$35-$40" and then said we were under budget... When the bill came we were definitely over, before drinks.
1	I do not eat sushi but all the ladies I was with wanted it - I ordered the teriyaki chicken and a side of rice and a drink....the price was outrageous! ($52) The chicken was good but not that good!
3	We came here for an early dinner during our trip to Las Vegas.When we got to the restaurant, the hostess ushered us in.  We sat in front of the sushi counter.Our friend told us to try the omakase, so we ordered two.The food was good.  Nothing really special.  I honestly thought the place was kind of overrated...  The omokase menu wasn't enough for us, so we had to order 3 more small plates.
3	Sushisamba would be very good if there weren't so many other better options for sushi on the Strip.My wife and I dined at Sushisamba before catching Rock of Ages.  The ambiance is fun but a little busy.  It can be difficult to hold a conversation.I started out with the red miso soup with mushrooms.  It was way to salty even for miso.  I ordered some sashimi and a sushi roll with foie gras.  It was good but not great.  My wife ordered a bunch of sides (she's pregnant and was craving rice, beans, and plantains all at the same time!).  She complained that the food was a bit too spicy.We ordered mochi for dessert.  They were pretty good but standard without anything standing out.Overall, there are better options for sushi.  The Latin infusion was kind of gimmicky and did not always pair well with the Japanese dishes.
4	Very nice sushi and service.
4	Unbelievable food. Just tell them your price range per person, any allergies or foods to generally avoid, and they'll custom tailor an entire menu for you. It's pretty pricey, but some of the best food I've had in my many trips to LV. If your budget allows for it, definitely get the Kobe beef with the hot rock to cook it on. It's like a religious experience.
5	Best. Sushi. Ever.  My absolute favorite thing, though, is the Chilean sea bass on skewers. It just melts in your mouth.  Yellow Tail tacos are delicious as well.  I've never tried anything here that I didn't like. Just. Yummy. Deliciousness.
1	Where to start. We went there on a Thursday night at 830. Our waiter was the worst waiter ever experienced. He was not attentive at all and was borderline rude to us the whole time we were there. The food was okay, but not excellent. The portions for the price are high even with this being Vegas. There are other places on the strip I would go to before ever go back to this place. Save your time and money!
5	I went to this place for my 30th (I'm not one of those women that feels the need to lie about my age---yet!). We had a reservation for 3 people at 8:30 but didn't get seated until about 8:45, which wasn't too bad. I would recommend getting your drink order in ASAP because I felt like it took awhile for our waiter to come at all. That's really my only complaint with this place--I feel like try didn't have enough waitstaff. Oh, and the place is loud as hell (but great club music) so be prepared to shout your order.I highly recommend doing the chef's tasting menu (not on the menu I think)-- you pick a price point you want to spend (we spent $70 pp) and then let the server know what types of food you don't like or have allergies to. It's a great way to sample all they have to offer. Some of out dishes included ceviche tacos, a platter with edamame, roasted chilies, and tempura green beans with white white truffle aioli (to die for btw), Kobe beef gyoza, wagyu and sea bass skewers with Peruvian corn, and two different kinda of sushi rolls with tuna and tempura shrimp. I consider myself a foodie and I was thoroughly impressed.
5	I would like to update my previous review. I was promptly contacted my management about our previous bad experience. The manager welcomed us to come back and give it another shot. WE did and we had the most amazing time and food. Thank you Jason, server, and Allen, manager. You made my friends 30 birthday experience. For food recommendations I would recommend asking your server for suggestions. Jason ordered all of our food for us. It was spot on.my personal favorite was the sea bass skewers. I plan to return on my next trip to Vegas.
5	Oh man, most likely the best meal as a whole that I've ever had was here at SushiSamba. My group of 12 went with the tasting menu that was recommended by our waiter where they bring out a bunch of plates and will replace anything that you don't like with something new. A list of things I remember being placed in front of me: Otsumami, Salt and Pepper Squid, Berkshire Pork Gyoza(maybe the best thing I've ever tasted), and a large variety of sushi. Everything was dynamite. I don't like to gush in my reviews, and this place already has a ton of great, informative reviews, so I'll leave mine where it is, but I'm going to have a hard time finding a restaurant that beats SushiSamba.
5	Sushi Samba is in the Palazzo Hotel.  The manager, Michael, checked on us and chef Jules prepared wonderful dishes.  That restaurant took Sushi dining to a whole new level if you want a slight twist to the traditional cuisine. The sauces, spices and preparation have a Caribbean or South American kick to it. Sounds strange for the Sushi purists out there?  Try it and your taste buds will pop with new discoveries that will simply bring a smile to your face. How many times did members of our party say awesome?  Too many to count. Christine, our server, is professional, courteous, accommodating and patient. She knows the menu and foremost on her mind is customer service. Wonderful food and service. That place has it made. I will definitely go there again.  I wish they had a place out here in Southern California.
2	This place was recommended to us by various friends.  We were a party of 9, we were seated on the back of the restaurant. Food is good but not great.  Service is cr...  Rude in general, slow and the didn't check frequently enough if we needed something. For a restaurant with those prices I would expect a lot more.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. The Chilean sea bass 10/10 is the most scrumptious skewer of tender fish and it literally will melt in your mouth. The Peruvian bay scallops garlic style (not on the menu ask for this!!!) are also not to be missed.Excellent sake selection, and they will also reheat your bottle for you if it gets lukewarm.The Yamato roll 10/10. Served with foie gras - I just wish there were more than 3 dang guess I gotta order seconds.
5	Amazing sushi!! Service is amazing!! We eat there at least twice every time we're in Vegas. Beats any other place in town.
4	Good for a late night snack. They have a late night happy hour except on Saturdays.
2	So we came here on a Saturday night after midnight and the place was pretty much dead and therefore sat down at the bar. They bartenders were very helpful and knowledgable.But I have to be honest...for sushi I was very disappointed with the serving sizes. I mean this is Vegas...so I expect a generous amount especially for $15 a roll on average and I was not comfortable paying that much for a roll that I think is worth $7 at best at any other sushi restaurant. My suggestion would be to pass on this place. I mean you're paying for an experience, and I guess I didn't get what I paid for.
5	What a wonderful meal!My boyfriend and I were in Vegas on a weekend trip and I had come across SushiSamba on yelp while doing some research before our trip.  We were staying at the Venetian so the location was perfect.  We had a reservation for 10:00 on a Saturday night.  It was packed full but we were seated promptly and the service was excellent.  My favorite dish was the Neo Toyko roll.... So delicious!!!  The decor is beautiful as well and they have a wonderful party room is you have a larger group.  I will be sure to visit again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Great dinner, wonderful company :) Will definitely come back on my next visit. The food is complex and intriguing, my compliments to the chef!
4	One of the best restaurants to dine at while in Las Vegas!This place is extremely popular so it isimportant to make a reservation a few days in advance especially if it is for the weekend. As my co-workers and I were checking in for our table, we heard the hostess telling the walk-in customers it would be at least an hour wait.Everything on the menu is delicious. period. One of my co-workers who usually gets full after two bites of food was actually still hungry after sharing three specialty rolls and appetizers, and we ended up ordering another roll. The service is decent, the atmosphere is upbeat and the food is great - what more can you ask for?
5	We loved Sushi Samba food was great the bartenders recommendation was on point!!!! Mari & Megan are a great team ... Great experience also Isabella was awesome!!!!
5	The food was AMAZING, as was the service. My mom and I went and basically just relied on recommendations from our server, Homer. He recommended the most delicious cocktails and dishes. He even surprised us with one dish simply based on the preferences we mentioned and it was incredible. It was scallops with a sweet/teriyaki-like glaze and Peruvian corn on the side. Highly recommend. We also had the cucumber cocktail, lychee bubbletail, and lychee martini. All amazing. We ordered the special roll for the night which was phenomenal. Additionally, we got the taquitos (more like tacos with a hard shell) with the yellowtail, absolutely delicious. I doubt you can go wrong here. Unfortunately for all of you, that was Homer's last night. Huge loss to SushiSamba, I must say.
1	Horrible service, extremely ignorant waiters and waitresses. Food is way overpriced, and it was not even close to good sushi. The rolls are tasteless.
5	Fun sushi bar to go before a show or if you are with a group.  Imagine Asian fusion meets South America.  Great sushi, unique tapas style plates and innovative cocktails.Service was awesome - our server did a great job sharing all her favorites and specials, was extremely attentive even though it was a very busy Saturday night.Looking for a fun, casual dining spot in Las Vegas???  This place would get a thumbs up from me and my friend.
5	Food never disappoints. The drinks are awesome.
5	The service and food is amazing.  I came by myself - a mini vacation before Monday business - and was treated like I was a party of 10.  I ordered one of the special samba rolls - Maine lobster in crispy rice with asparagus, avocado and mango with a nice peanut dipping sauce.  I was pleasantly surprised that it came with a lobster claw with a good serving of lobster meat.  The sushi is also high quality.  I enjoyed one of my base test sushis of tuna and it was very fresh and flavorful.  Don't miss this great sushi spot at the Palazzo.
4	My friend K suggested SUSHISAMBA for dinner... I was trying to look at the menu online and what I could find did not represent the full menu. If you are using an iOS device (iPad/iPhone), you can't see the menu. I was almost dissuaded, but was so glad she talked me into coming here for a drink and checking out the menu!So, needless to say, great menu, so we put our name in and settled into the bar. The hostesses take your phone number and text you when your table is ready, which is a great option so you're not tied to staying right by the entry waiting for a table.The bartender was super sweet and made us great cocktails. I enjoyed the Lychee Bubbletail, which was delectable. K had a drink with berries and elderflower liqueur, which was also fab.K had insisted that the sea bass skewers were amaze balls, so we went with that. We started with two orders (2 skewers each) and sides of the coconut rice and black beans. The beans were tasty, but hard to eat with chopsticks. Coconut rice was fantastic and I could have eaten a whole bowl by myself (but I'm glad I didn't).Karen's suggestion on the skewers totally delivered. We even ended up getting a third order because they were sooooo good! Melty and flavorful. We even convinced the guys next to us to get an order and they liked it, too!We finished with a desert that was a chocolate upside-down cake with bananas. It was small, but perfect. Super flavorful, great texture and perfect to share with a friend.Service was good, but not a standout. I could basically eat those sea bass skewers every day. It's a little spendy, but let's face it, everything on the strip is. I'd definitely come back.
2	We made a 5 pm reservation to miss the crowds before a show. Hostess was cheerful and seated us promptly. They had all the guests lumped together in a section where we were packed into a cluster of tables like we were eating at a hot dog eatery in a Tokyo subway. To my left was Captain Bitchy Bitch, a wormy white collar jackass that ripped on the food and the fact that the water was flat, and called out the poor busboy for not giving him all his sparkling water. To my right was mommy neurotic, who announced grandly at the beginning of dinner that "this is a 'no phone night!'" then proceeded to interrupt hubby's ramen orgy with tales from the nanny.It was not an enjoyable dining experience. I could smell the tic tacs that Mommy neurotic was chomping nervously when she sat down. Love those strawberry ones - don't tell me they are "for the kids", mommy. As for the food? Ok. Not worth the price, timing of our order was laughable (and our neighbors were not pleased either with how the kitchen's timing played out for their meal(s)). Cocktails were good...but I left feeling somewhat ripped off (not a good value) and exhausted after our triple-date-by-proximity.Go to grand luxe instead. If you are looking for funky fusion, go to the spa and get a Brazilian wax and drink French wine.
1	I usually dont bad mouth a restaurant, but this place I have to! The food was awfull, and not to mention the service sucked! They had 1 airhead waitress taking orders for the whole place and she just didnt care about making people wait. To pay 24 dollars for a roll, you would think it would taste like fish and not cardboard. I ordered a pomegranate martini and asked if they use Pom, and was reassured they did, but my martini tasted like perfume not pomegranate. After complaining to the waitress, the manager approached us and asked how can he make up and offered us some yellowtail sashimi, He brought over 4 thin pieces of sashimi, and after getting the bill we realized he charged us 22 dollars for the 4 pieces. Their sushi tasted like paper and cardboard, not fish. After spending 200 dollars among 2 couples and leaving there hungry, I was very upset. A total rip off!!!
5	I was looking for a quick dinner before heading to bed and sushi sounded great.  I was solo so a nice seat at the bar, a little DJ music and great bar service was just the touch.  Had two sushi rolls and loved the bartenders recommendation the Lima.  Shrimp tempera with crab was amazing.  Also had two mojitos, great night. Definitely recommend.
3	I give 5 Stars to Customer Service but MINUS 1 Star for having the environment dark! Food was delicious and average.Plus I MINUS 1 more Star for charging my 6 years old daughter $15 for 5 piece of "California Rolls" ... really its California Rolls!!!
4	The pork belley BBQ was amazing.
5	Service, atmosphere and food were excellent. On the pricey side but unique rolls and traditional favorites. We just had the sushi and an amazing bottle of sake.
5	I have been here a few times now. You have 2 options. You can go omakase, which is nice because you can actually choose the amount of money you want to spend. I recommend at least $50 but to you your own. They will bring out as much or as quality as you spend. They will ask you your allergies, likes and dislikes and the chefs will create a course for you. Make sure to always get the sea bass skewers. The sushi rolls are just OK but everything else on the menu is way above average. If I can't make up my mind in Vegas to eat, I end up here.
4	What a fun and creative way to do sushi! You can go as traditionally Japanese or Latin as you want with the assortment of sushi and churrascaria--but the best way to do it is with the fusion-y dishes that combine the best of both worlds. You can't go wrong with any of the rolls, but my fave is the yellowtail ceviche with a fresh flavor profile you won't find anywhere else.
4	Sea bass skewers here are delicious! Definitely recommend.The peruvian corn was interesting but not very flavorful. My friend loved it though. We ordered a lot of rolls but I don't remember any of the names. They were pretty good but probably not the best I've had.The tempura string beans here are where it's at though. They're served with this garlic aioli sauce on the side and the combo is SO GOOD. I could munch on these things all day long. It's a very trendy place but don't expect to have any intimate conversations. The music is constantly blasting in the background.
3	Since this was downstairs in our hotel, the Palazzo, and it was happy hour, we decided to stop by. It's only in the bar area though so we had to wait a little bit for a seat or open area at the bar. Special fancy drinks for $6 and then also an assortment of appetizers for also $6 each. Each portion is tiny so  getting food for multiple people so it can add up. We tried the yellowtail (2 pieces in an order), spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll, salt and pepper squid, and the enzo roll (I think that's what it called). The yellowtail was fresh and had a unique sauce (lemongrass) that it came with. The first two rolls and the squid were ok. And the enzo roll was my favorite. It had salmon and these crispy bits in it and was rolled in like a white rice paper instead of seaweed. For drinks we all tried the Fresca, which had muddled strawberries and a bunch of alcohols. I found it light, sweet and refreshing. All and all, a good place for a little something something before dinner. HH is definitely not enough for a full on meal and it's a little pricey but I guess better than a regular meal here.
5	Best sushi I've ever had. So unbelievably fresh and delicious. Service was flawless, you truly get what you pay for here. We told our waitress our pricepoint, which was about $80 per person and she brought us a mix of items catered specifically to our interests. Best meal I've had in Vegas, must go!
3	Not bad. Decent sushi. The sea bass skewers was easily the highlight. Not worth the price overall though.
3	SushiSamba offers high quality food and ingredients but it was all underwelming. My group of friends did the $50 per person and while some of the dishes were good, nothing was amazing. For the total we paid (+$500), there could have been some amazingness incorporated and we could have been a bit more full leaving the restaurant. The sushi platter was petite in quantity as well as size of the pieces. The decor was probably the best part about the experience, artsy and contemporary. I guess when it comes to sushi, I'll have to "fish" for the traditional.
3	I would have given 4 stars if it wasn't for the bartender/waitress "Lynn". Apparently she was new, but it was not necessary to be so rude when I politely asked to get a table. You shouldn't act so stuck up if you are working in customer service, especially when there's not much to be stuck up about. Stop killin' the vibe for customers!If she didn't kill mine and my cousins mood it would have been a great experience. Everyone else was great and the food was delicious
5	Awesome and fun restaurant for your visit to Vegas. Told the chef to surprise us and we were pretty easy going and eager to try new things-- and he absolute outdid himself. Highly recommended.
5	Service was knowledgable, considerate, and attentive. Food was tasty with a nice combination of flavors and textures. A little pricey. But it is Las Vegas.
5	This is the second time I've been here and it's super delicious. I would highly recommend the family style tasting menu. You try a variety of things that I probably would not have ordered and it's totally delicious. I would highly recommend.
5	Ryan our waiter was really good and helpfull. I dont like sushi but he suggested to create them with shrimp tempura and some spices and it was delicious.  Will definitely come again.
4	The sea bass is ridiculous. Eat it. You will want more. The service was excellent, as was most of the food. The fusion of Japanese and Brazilian cuisines is a great match. The only thing keeping this place from a five star from me is the price,  which is a little high. Still, I would recommend this place if you find yourself on the strip and looking for an outstanding meal.
4	Amazing Asian Fusion in Vegas - yes please!  The sea bass appetizer was hands down the best piece of fish I've ever had. Make sure to get a dish with some Peruvian corn and some sake to top it off.  I'll be back here again next time I'm in Vegas!
5	If you don't know what to order,  go for the tasting menu. Just tell them your price range and what you would like. The kobe beef definitely a try! Very convenient location, good for shopping or walk after having all the food.
5	Popped in for happy hour and it was probably the best happy hour I've been to in a long time! $6 for the lemon samurai cocktail, which was delicious, and a great selection of appetizers. I think HH is every day so I will definitely be adding it to my must-do list. The appetizer portions aren't huge but you could probably fill up with enough orders.
3	I have to rate this restaurant down due to its poor service to us. Our order didn't go through the system well so we waited almost an hour for the food. The manager was quite nice to compliment us with an extra dish for the long wait. Among all dishes i tried, i will recommend two: the green tea ice cream and the sea bass.
5	Still in Las Vegas. Very late dinner yesterday at Sushi Samba and great experience. Wagyu beef carpaccio fantastic. Samba roll. Pork belly and kampachi neck were amazing. Waitress was very nice, service impeccable. A must try guys
5	Absolutely adored this place! We had a party of 8 and decided on the personalized chef's choice menu.  The total cost per person at the end including a bottle of saki was about $70 per person but it was so worth it.  Each plate that came out was better than the last.  I felt like we were judges on top chef.  Presentation was gorgeous and service top notch.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone planning a Vegas dinner.
2	Oh Sushisamba. I am having a real hard time with this review. First of all we made a reservation and were swiftly escorted to our table. The restaurant was dead yet we were packed into one area, on top of the other dozen couples in the restaurant. I HATE when places do that. We were literally elbow to elbow with strangers in an empty restaurant - UGH.Second, since we were so close to everyone else we observed first hand what awesome service they were getting. It was too bad our waiter was different (his name was Kiley I believe) and he SUCKED. Disappeared for long periods of time, took forever to take our order and bring drinks, didn't ever say when he'd be back around, didn't check on us, didn't apologize, took forever with the check. Really bad service made worse by the excellent service everyone else around us seemed to be getting.Third, the only redeeming thing about this place was the food. It was excellent. However, it was overpriced and the portions were really small. Normally I could overlook bad service and a weird atmosphere if the food is great but not with this place. I can say for certain that I will not be back here - especially in Vegas where good food and good service are the gold standard. Sushisamba isn't worth a second chance.
1	My friend and I went here for NYE dinner. Firstly the restaurant is very small, I felt like I was at a caricature In N Out Burger joint. It didn't at all feel like a nice restaurant but the prices sure were! The food was not great either, sushi very basic though they tried to make it sound like it was something special. They tried to charge us a $60 cover charge without telling us prior to our reservations. We stayed at the Venetian which enabled us to get a for 2 for 1 Caipirinha. The waiter took the order then when he brought the bill at the end he said that because it was NYE they weren't honouring it, I asked to speak to the manager where we discussed both issues. In the end she removed it from our bill. I do not recommend this place for sushi, go to the Cosmo Hotel, it's much better and so is the ambiance. Extremely disappointed given that the London and NY ones are amazing!
3	not bad. dumplings n tacos were good. it would be on my to go to places in sin city
5	After eating here for the past 5 years, sometimes multiple times per trip, last nights dinner beat them all. Recent menu changes were welcome, as well as seeing the old favorites still rockin' the menu.What made this trip so special though was eating dinner at the bar and having Megan take care of us. Not only was she a fantastic Bartender but she knew the menu backwards and forwards.This place gets busy, so don't miss an opportunity to experience the full menu at the bar and maybe Megan will make your dinner all the more special.
1	The service at Sushisamba was so bad that I am actually having trouble remembering the quality of the food. All I know for sure is that most of it was delicious, despite the fact that the fusion of Brazilian, Peruvian and Japanese cuisines seemed a lot more forced than I'm sure the owners envisioned.Anyway, the service. Our waiter was inexplicably absent for twenty to thirty minutes at a time, which is not the way a waiter at a place that thrives on small plates ought to do his job. Glasses sat empty. Plates sat bare. He didn't check on us, even when we were waiting anxiously to pay him and leave.Las Vegas weeds out places like Sushisamba over time. There are always young, dynamic restaurateurs that want to come in, hire an enthusiastic staff, and serve creative food. This place had the food down. But with service like the kind we had, I can't imagine a long tenure.
3	Love sushi. Love pan-Asian so I had high expectations. Absolutely amazing Tuna Tataki recommended by bartender.  See my pic. I would return here just to eat it again!Salmon sashimi was fresh but nothing memorable. Even at the bar the service was awful, quite prompt probably due to being there 3 pm but they got orders wrong on both sides of me, and not terribly attentive. Yes they're expensive but no more so than any similar quality restaurant. If you want good, cheap authentic Asian food you need to go off-strip to where the locals live.
3	I'm a sushi connoisseur . This place has a nice ambience, sake selection was very good, but food was just ok.
5	Delicious food, but the gem of the night was when Tanice blew us all away with her expert knowledge of the restaurant, from the art to the details of the origins of the videos on the tv. She captivated us with her stories of past videos and the controversies surrounding them. We'd go back just to hear more of her wisdom!
5	The food was DELICIOUS and the service was phenomenal!  The waitress, Tanice, was super friendly & highly knowledgable, when we asked about the beer and the cool art work on the wall she made great conversation and perfect recommendations on the food.  The entire table was very impressed. Wonderful resturaunt with hip edgy ambiance and super cool staff.  Loved it.
5	Tanice is the most knowledgeable waitress I have ever met!  She has an encyclopedic knowledge of the menu and attentive customer service!  Tanice food recommendations were excellent.  I highly recommend Sushi Samba for people visiting Vegas, especially the Ramen bowl and Steak meat platter - delicious.
4	Amazing service. The sushi was okay but the yellowtail taquito, although not really a taquito, was my favorite.
3	This place is good, but super pricey. If you come by yourself, grab a seat at the bar. However, this place is better for a small group. Grab a table and soak up the cool encironment. Sitting at the bar will put your back to the cool decor and you'll end up looking at nothing super distinguishingly fantastic. If you're traveling on your own/for business, go to a different bar. The rolls are good, but small. This place is WAY more about the ambiance than the quality of food.
5	Last night my fiancee and I had tickets to a show at the Palazzo and decided to grab a bite to eat at SushiSamba. We have never eaten there, but we love sushi and Brazilian food so we figured we'd give it a try.  Wow - am i glad we did. We live in Las Vegas and eat out quite often. I have always believed that while the food in a restaurant is important, a review on food may not be that helpful.  We all have different tastes - for example, we are not big "spicy food" eaters. So someone with different tastes might not find our food review that helpful.  However, one aspect of dining i believe is extremely important, and also very helpful in a review, is the service. And, while the food was excellent (I'll get to it) the service is what really made this restaurant stand out. Service: Our server was Mike D and the manager that evening was Allen Holmes. The first thing i noticed was Mike's product knowledge.  He introduced himself and asked if we had been there before. Once he found out we were new to the joint, he began asking us what we liked and explaining both the food and extensive sake menus. We found out through Allen that the servers go through extensive training and try all of the food as well as most of the Sake at tastings they have each week. That way they can learn how to pair the food with different drinks. Mike suggested a number of dishes and we ended up ordering most of them. The appetizers arrived pretty quickly and as I'll describe below, some were nothing short of amazing. Upon the suggestion of Mike, my fiancee ordered the Sea Bass and I the Rib-Eye special. Both were so insanely good we just could not believe it.Mike was attentive and very engaging. He didn't bother us, but at the same time he made sure we were enjoying our dinner and seemed to enjoy taking a moment to get to know us. It seemed to make him happy we were having such a good time at dinner.  This is NOT something you see with most servers in Las Vegas. To add to the service, the bar manager Allen stopped by our table and and chatted with us, making sure we were having a good time. We spent some time talking with him about the restaurant - He seems to really know his business and it was impressive to hear how much he enjoys working there. We didn't have time for dessert since the show was about to start, but we looked at the menu and told Mike we would be back after the show.  We went back for dessert and Mike made a point to say how nice is was to be able to serve us twice in one night. Allen also came back and said hello - and brought over some Farofa (Brazilian dish that has the consistency of sand - not my favorite, but she loves it) because my Fiancee had commented that next time she wanted to try it - He remembered. What I also found was pretty amazing was that Mike had saved the bottle of water we had ordered at dinner on ice - in case we returned. Since it hadn't been finished - we didn't have to order a new bottle. WHO DOES THAT!! Food: As for the food, the appetizers ranged from OK to amazing.  The Tuna Tataki and sushi roll we ordered were OK. The tempura shrimp and vegetables were very good - light and crispy, not oily. The best appetizer for me was the GYOZA. I eat steamed dumplings everywhere i go if possible and these were the best i have EVER had. I wanted to order 3 more, but decided to wait for my meal. Glad I did!. My Fiancee ordered the Sea Bass. Mike said it was the most popular item on the menu.  We understand why.  The best she has ever eaten. I agreed after tasting it. The sweet sauce that comes with it was insane.  The Rib-eye special I ordered came in a covered dish - sizzling like a fajita. It was tender, juicy and cooked to perfection (medium rare). Rib-eye is my favorite dish and this was just different enough (yet the same) to make it one of my all time favorites. Unfortunately, its a special, so I'm sure it wont be around forever.Lastly, when we returned for dessert we ordered the cheesecake and sundae - both were deconstructed versions of the two dishes. Very tasty - especially the caramelized popcorn they use in the sundae. I finished my meal with a nice port wine and cup of cappuccino.All in all it was such an unexpected treat it made a night out in Vegas spectacular.  Which is rare for 2 people who have lived here for over 14 years.
4	If this is a dinner on someone's else's dime then 4.5 stars. On yours? Let's go with three.Terrific last night in Vegas dinner- unique flavor combinations and a menu varied enough you can bring your work colleague that only eats steak (which we did.)The drinks hit the spot and were subtle and fresh. Great selection of regional/international liquors too.Food was day boat fresh (or seemed so)...as Vegas is not on the water. Everything came out quickly as well. Adore the medium rare lamb and the selections of dipping sauces. Must try their rare yellowtail. Can't go wrong here if someone else is buying. FYI: super trendy images on the giant wall-to-wall tvs - everything from images of sand burials to waterfall frolicking near naked. Maybe pass on SushiSamba for a family dinner with the kiddos.
4	Good lunch option for Vegas! We started with the Japanese Wagyu Gyoza and all I can say is, wow! This little pockets pack a ton of flavor. I kind of wanted to order another round but I refrained. The yellowtail sashimi tiradito was also wonderful. Thick slices of fish came in a bed of lemongrass and jalapeno sauce. The let down were the rolls. We ordered the green envy and the lima and both were a little weird. I'd say avoid the rolls. The flavors were just off and coming from LA where you can find fantastic rolls at many places, I wouldn't order rolls at Sushi Samba again. The place was packed so service was a bit spotty, but I'd come back again and stick to the tiraditos and gyoza.
4	Really enjoyed dining here. It's a unique menu and just about everything we ordered was great. I also like that they are open very late. They stay open until midnight.  They also get 4 stars because they carry my favorite oysters Kumamoto.
5	This was our second time here. First was last August for lunch. Last night for dinner. Totally recommend making reservations, it was busy! We ordered the chicken teriyaki with purple potato mash, so yummy. Lobster taquitos and shrimp tempura rolls were awesome.
4	The sushi was awesome. The Sasa handroll was great. The service on the other hand was not.
5	Compared to Vegas buffets this place is expensive and the amount of food you get is not alot...again, compared to what you get in Vegas. But, the quality of the food is really great. Recommend coming here with a large group and eating FAMILY STYLE. This is where you tell them how much you want to spend per person and they bring out food for you to eat and try. We had some of the following:Shishito Peppers: Excellent, large, flavorful peppers. I usually have them at other places and they are small. These peppers where big and So good!Japanese Wagyu Beef Goyza - AMAZING. One order is not enough.Peruvian Corn The Tacos - I don't remember the name of them, but get the tacos!All of the sushi rolls are amazing.EVERYTHING IN THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!
5	My favorite place to eat when my co workers and I are in town. Very expensive but well worth the money. they have the best chefs there.
5	My favorite destination on my annual trip to Las Vegas. Mari, the bartender, is awesome. So friendly and ready to suggest great stuff. I have fairly standard stuff -- spicy tuna, spicy salmon  gyoza. Always tasty. Nice selection of sake. I like to sit at the bar. A great "comfort food" place, if you love sushi. Yum!
5	I believe in giving credit where credit is due. Sushi Samba is one of our go-to spots in Vegas to get our sushi fix...Every time we go.They do sushi right with only the freshest seafood, prepared in creative and delicious ways.
5	I'm always on a hunt for a good sushi place whenever I travel. My friends and I are staying at the Venetian and came across SushiSamba on their restaurant list. It's a fusion of Japanese, Brazilian & Peruvian cuisine which got me intrigued. I usually go for the traditional Japanese sushi but with an open mind and palate, we gave it a shot.We sat at the sushi bar, of course. The ambience was pleasant and our server, Vanessa, was very gracious giving us wonderful recommendations.We ordered:Sashimi Tiradito: Kanpachi (our favorite!!) and TunaYamato roll - tuna, foie gras,oysters caviar & gold leafLamb chop in red miso & limeSea bass miso & Peruvian cornJapanese A5 wagyu beef gyozaWe loved the flavors of each dish and enjoyed them thoroughly. At the end, we were served 2 flavors of mochi for dessert.It was a bit pricey but overall, great dining experience for both food and service!
4	This place is good, pricey but they server quality food. We have tried the grilled lamb chop, wagyu gyoza, yellowtail tiradito, sashimi 15 pieces, uni  and hotate sushi.We love each and every item, if the uni wasn't $6 a piece, I would have ordered more.
4	Pretty chill spot. I gotta say the ambiance is out of this world. Ambiance alone I would recommend coming here, even if just to have a martini. They have a large selection of specialty cocktails, and a really awesome/unique food menu. I was out for a quick client lunch, and didn't have nearly as much time as i'd hoped to explore the menu. We all enjoyed our sushi and the service was pretty good too. This place is open for lunch which is awesome because, the other sushi spots are only open for dinner. This place would be great first date spot in my opinion because it's not overly romantic and would come across as fun, hip and trendy. Also would be great for birthday parties with more than a few people. Can't wait to bring my husband here on our next Vegas weekend.
4	Ok love the Palazzo, and love Sushi! It was a win win! Sat at the bar and got excellent service from the bartenders and the food was brought out efficiently.  5 stars for customer service and atmosphere.  The tuna small plate was great and the tuna ceviche was great.  Both were packed with flavor and fresh! The presentation was beautiful, the taste was delicious every bite and I enjoyed myself.  would definitely go back!The only reason I can't give 5 stars is the prices! They are extremely high, especially for the small plates, for the amount of fish you get.  I guess thats what you get in a strip hotel but with other options there it isn't a must if you compare.  There are some gerat off the strip sushi places I can wait and go to in order to satisfy the craving!
3	Food was very good. The noise and the added noise of what they called music ruined the dinner. I like to have table conversation.  Not yell at them.
4	Nice place with great music. Great thing is they open late til 1am on a weeknight.they have a variety of different selection.. food overall was delish.  Nice waiters kept refilling out water glasses.
2	Price are outrageous. Don't order the hand roll. One piece = $10 of your life. I wanted a higher end sushi restaurant and I got a rip off. The sushi was great but it still over price.Don't go there unless you are a high roller.
5	Love, love, love SushiSamba!  The service was great and the sea bass and Peruvian corn are delicious!
5	Delicious! If you love sushi with a twist this is the place you must visit. The dishes are beautiful works of art and their flavor mixes are bold and colorful! Do try their cocktails as well. We loved their Mojitos more than anything else. Appetizers were a little small but works out so that you could try more dishes and enjoy more flavors. Kudos to the creative chefs!
5	Really liked the decor and concept! I was able to try the Crispy Yellowtail Taquitos (Amazing! I'd come back for these alone!) Also sampled the San Paulo roll (Great!) the  Neo Tokyo (Great) and the Eel & Cucumber (Good). Very tasty! 5 stars and Bookmarking, I'll be back!
5	Loved this place, from the atmosphere, to the food and service.  We went with a group of 6 and the table was very comfy, we dined in a tapas style which is one of my favorite ways to go.  Here are some of the highlighted dishes.Squid - this was the most tender piece of squid I have ever encountered it was seasoned perfectly with S&P and just melted in your mouth.Pork belly Ramon soup - Oh my so tasty, large portion of pork belly, multiple mushroom varieties, bok choy, noodles and a spicy cilantro broth.  YummyTuna Roll - with foie gras and caviar, small portion but so worth it, the fresh tuna mixed perfect with the warm foie and salty caviar.Sea bass Kabobs - Just get them!!!  So buttery and fresh, they had a perfect taste and texture.I would definitly suggest this place for groups getting ready for a big night out, they had a dj playing good music but not to loud, the lights were perfectly dimmed and the food and service was on point.  Would go back anytime.
5	This place was highly recommended by a friend, so we decided to stop by after watching Panda. It was a Thursday night, but the place is still pretty packed. But they were able to fit us in even without rsvn. The server was super friendly and quickly made recommendations after finding out its our first time there. All his recommendations were amazingly delicious, especially the seabass and porkbelly. But my absolute favorite: the roll with the foie gras, caviar, gold flakes on tuna (sorry, I'm bad with remembering names). You know that feeling when you put a piece of food in your mouth and immediately get overflown by amazing flavors that make your eyes roll back with a feeling of euphoria? yea, that good!
2	The food was very impressive.  The experience was what ruined the entire evening.  The noise level was quite loud, but nothing that I haven't experienced before.  We made a reservation and were really looking forward to some great sushi.  We ordered edamame to start with, the Samba Sushi Chef's Selection and a dragon roll.  The waitress recommended we get more, even though we had already run through the menu with her and settled on what we would be ordering.  The edamame arrived, and seriously 30 seconds later all the sushi made its way to the table.  We maybe spent 30 total minutes at the restaurant.  It was a overall a really unfortunate experience, and had it not been for the food, it would have been truly awful.
5	I had only been here for early dinner and lunch, but for my bachelorette weekend we decided to have dinner there on Friday night. WOW! The service was incredible and the sushi was delicious. They have an incredible seaweed salad. The sashimi is prefect, you can't go wrong with any option. They even bought the cutest complimentary drinks for us. Thank you Sushi Samba for making the dinner great!!! They ambiance is the perfect spot if you want a nice fun dinner but still want to be able to hear your conversation. I highly recommend it.
2	Creative dishes but too expensive. Portions were really small. We spent $45 and were still hungry.
3	Open late! The sushi here was awesome! The service was ok... I wanted to give this place a 5 star but the waitress insisted on letting us know about the drama in the restaurant repeatedly. We had a crab roll that was to die for.. fresh crab in the roll along with a king crab claw with the fresh claw meat still in it. We ordered a roll that was to have no rice and as a substitute for the seaweed they use cucumber that is sliced thin to wrap around the sashimi inside. Unfortunately after waiting for about 20 min for this roll the waitress came to tell us they made a mistake in the back and no longer have the cucumber. In order to make up for it they gave us a roll they made in error on the house. All in all I would come back, but might avoid the waitress as I feel she aired to much of the internal problems to us.
5	...just finished. Wow. Service was great, good was amazing ...I could go for another round. The roll with the Kobe beef on top. Get that one.
5	Must must take my bf here the next time I go. So yummy!! The restaurant was very casual with spectacular food and fantastic wait-staff. Our waiter suggested he choose a tasting menu according to our party size (keeping in mind the 1 girl who couldn't eat raw fish) and our budget ($50 per girl). Smartest thing we did entire trip!! Upon hearing we were there for a bachelorette party, a free round of shots!The standouts were the green bean tempura with truffle aioli, wagyu beef gyoza and sea bass skewers. But the yellowtail seviche tacos with chili foam sauce stole the whole damn show. YUM. Not so yummy turned out to be the rolls, but we just packed it up and brought it for the girls in the hotel room that were recuperating from the night before. They thought it was delicious. I think we were just full by then.
4	I have been here probably at least 4x over the past year. I have never had a bad experience yet.  Last night my Aunt was in town visiting.  She was staying on the strip at Treasure Island so we decided to grab some sushi at the Palazzo. The Otsunami appetizer of edamame, crispy green beans and green peppers is really good! It was the first time I had sea bass skewers based on other yelp reviews and they did not disappoint! For sushi we had Bobo Brazil roll with is kobe beef, the sushi samba roll with the lobster claw and the Lima roll with Spicy King Crab mix. Also if you want a good cocktail the Samba juice is really good!They have a busy bar area to have some drinks, a nice sushi bar and a very lively atmosphere inside the restaurant. The only downside if i had to give one is the rolls are relatively small for the price. However the quality is high! I would recommend checking it out if you are in the area.
5	OMG this sushi place is over-the-top fresh & fabulous!Everything was high-end presentation from the leather menus, appetizers, drinks, dishes, decor, staff, music and lighting.  Experience was WOW...simply WOW.2 thumbs up and kisses to the chef and staff for making this such an enjoyable experience!
5	This place was fantastic. Some of the freshest fish I've ever had, which was disappointing, given that I live near San Francisco.The Sweet Plantains were to die for. The Purple Mashed Potatoes were gorgeously displayed and tasty to boot.My husband has Celiac disease, and didn't get sick here, and we went twice, because it was so good. We were even able to have dessert there, which is really rare, because most desserts are gluten free. The one downside is that the prices are quite steep. However, with the frequency that hubby is able to have sushi, since most sushi rice has wheat in it to make it stick better, it was worth the 100$ check for two people.Our waiter was fantastic, and while busy gave outstanding service. He catered to both my and my husbands allergies with an outstanding attitude. Can't wait to come back to Vegas, just to go to this restaurant again.
3	Food is good. Prices are NOT.- Seabass: $29 miso glazed and pretty freakin delicious. Cooked perfectly also. But the portion was probably 3 maybe 4 bites at most.- Handrolls: We had salmon skin, salmon and avocado, spicy tuna, and yellowtail. The ingredients were fresh, but the rolls were very small and about ~$8-$10/each.- Various rolls: We tried the Yamato ($19 for 3 pieces). There wasn't even enough for me to get a chance to try it since there were only 3 pieces LOL, but my friends said it was probably the best roll there. Pure decadence being topped with foie gras, caviar, and gold flakes. We also tried a few other rolls for which I can't remember the names (SORRY!) but they had wagyu beef and another had maine lobster. Both were interesting, but I wasn't blown away.- Nigiri: Fresh but again, extremely pricey! $5-$10 a PIECE! Yup, not an order of 2 pieces...that price is PER PIECE! O_o- Sides: We ordered the corn and plantains at $7 each. The corn was delicious but a very small portion in a cup. Same thing with plantains. Grilled deliciously but only a few slices for a whopping $7.If you haven't gotten the undertone of my review yet, it's that this place is EXPENSIVE! LOL We each paid roughly $50/person and no one left feeling full. It wouldn't have been so bad had the service been better though. We were missing a few things at the table and had to ask several times for it (place setting, water, and soy sauce dishes).
2	THE SERVICE WAS THE WORST I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED---- EVER! We were sitting for about 15-20 minutes before receiving food or cocktail menus, and this was not because the waitress had not gotten around to us (she was there the minute we sat down) but rather because "she lost the menus" or "couldn't find any in this area". She proceeded to describe menu items to us instead of just going to find menus. I ordered a drink based off her description and ended up sending it back because it was a completely different type of liquor than she had said it was. We only received menus when we insisted on getting them. When she did bring the menus she proceeded to tell us how she had to go all the way to the front of the restaurant to get them... Are we supposed to feel bad for you? That is part of your job! The food was great, the service awful making for a unenjoyable experience and one that will not bring me back to any of their locations.
5	My first yelp review!I ate here on Monday night with my husband and we had an amazing evening. The food was spectacular. Our waiter put together a tasting menu for us that was out of this world. Highly recommend the sea bass skewers, and yellow tail tacos. Our waiter Jeff was great, everything he suggested was wonderful and we were also equally impressed with a young manager named Jason. He was so attentive and we felt he genuinely cared about us and our experience. My only complaint would be that the music was too loud and took away from the ambience. Other than that it was a great experience and we will be coming back for sure. I just wish there was a SushiSamba here in San Diego!
4	one of the best restaurant in las vegasnot as good as the sushi places in san francisco but its really fresh
5	I had a group of 9.  The service was the absolute BEST compared to other places we dined.  The food was amazing and the Manager and our server Carmine took great care of us.  The majority of the table went with the chef's selection.  We all did $50 a head and the food came out.  It was an incredible experience and my palette thanks you.  The decor is hip and the music was to our liking  The sea-bass skewers?  OMG.  Everything was superb.  Only thing was when it was time to wrap up and close the bill.  Took a little longer than expected but still a great experience and we enjoyed our time there.
5	Absolutely amazing food & even better service, thank you Vanessa for all of your excellent service, A++++!
4	Sushi Samba was amazing! The food was delicious and service was perfect! We ordered so many things I don't even think I can remember.Yellowtail taquitos - not really taquitos, more like tacos, but still yummy!Tempura Green Beans - the dipping sauce was great!Salt and Pepper Squid - always love squid! They're big pieces so it's hard to eat in one bite, but also really chewy so hard to take bites.Miso seabass skewers w/ Peruvian corn - my favorite dish! The fish was so flavorful and cooked perfectly! The corn was ok, but everyone else loved it!Lima roll, bobo Brazil, San Paulo - all great rolls, we wanted to order more of them butgot too full. Ramen - was just okay. Wouldn't order it again.Cucumber Soju - so good and refreshing! Chocolate dipped green tea ice cream - nice and light. Sprinkles with pop rocks to give it some fun texture!Overall food was amazing and I definitely had some of the best sushi that night! The manager came around to all the tables and he was super generous with us! He recommended a bunch of great dishes and cocktails and made our night way more fun! Be careful though because it's pretty pricey, but well worth it when you're willing to splurge!
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas. I go here whenever I'm in town. I always leave it up to the server/ chef when I order so I've tried a little bit of everything and have never been disappointed. On my most recent visit I really enjoyed the skewers & the scallops. You really can't go wrong here.
5	I really enjoyed dining here with my group of girlfriends. One thing I loved is their family style menu where we can share bunch of things off their menu. Also the variety of seafood, sushi and meat. The price is very reasonable as well. We pretty much tried half the menu and it was all delicious! Everything looked and tasted perfectly. Also, the environment is really fun and comfy that my friends and I had an amazing time. Definitely recommend this place large groups.
3	We walked in and were seated quickly. That was nice.Food was good. Pricey, but good. The edamame and fried tempura were absolutely amazing for a small appetizer before our sushi.The sushi menu doesn't really have too much of a variety.And the music was just so loud that I couldn't enjoy my company's conversation.
5	This was by far our best meal in Vegas! Isabella was an amazing server!  She suggested the taste menu and it did not disappoint!  They catered to my gluten free needs and the food was amazingOverall amazing food and service!  Can't wait to come back!
4	I learned that you can become quite full from sushi. Very full.Everything was delectable and unique.The only downside to the experience was that - we all told our waiter what our overall budget was for the meal and to work within those parameters. It seems it was our fault for trusting him when he said he's done this many times before.Our tabs came out $30 higher per person than what we allotted. Major bummer on our wallets but I never heard our stomachs complain.You could dine here on a budget and be happy as can be. Or you could rack up a big bill. Your call. Either way you'll have left trying some new flavor profiles and enjoyed some delicious food.
4	My boyfriend took me and another couple here for this past valentines day. It was super empty at 8:30 pm on valentines night which I thought was really weird. I'll start off by saying service was impeccable. Even the manager came over to check on us and wish us a happy valentines day and even chatted it up with us for a little while. He even brought some kind of champagne with strawberries for us at the end of our dinner. I believe his name was Jeremy so if I'm correct....then thanks Jeremy you definitely made our experience a good one. Kudos to Philip our waiter as well. He dealt with our drunk asses throughout the entire dinner and provided amazing service at the same time. We ordered an order of the wagyu gyoza to try. Yeh we ended up ordering another 4 orders right away. I think that might give you a good idea of just how amazing this dish is. I can guarantee you won't be disappointed with it. Then we got the churrasco with like 3 or 4 different meats that came with 3 different sauces. If you've got money to spend then I definitely suggest getting this dish. The spicy tuna hand roll with spicy mayo on top was also AMAZING. Hands down the best spicy tuna hand roll I've ever had. The two downsides to this place and the reason I took off one star is because of how pricy this place is for the amount of food they give you and the fact that their bathroom had absolutely no lights. I literally couldn't see where I was or what I was doing the entire time I was in the stall. Overall if I have a lot or extra cash to spend then I will most definitely be back for the great service and especially another helping of the wagyu gyoza and spicy tuna hand roll.
5	So good, we went back TWICE in 7 days! The first time we went, we were a group of 17 who found a last minute reservation. The menu itself is fantastic, but their options for how to serve people are great too! For example, you can give them a price range, and they'll go over the dietary restrictions of the group, and put together an AMAZING family style meal. Definitely recommend doing it that way with large groups.For our second time, we were a slightly smaller group, walk-in, of 11, who managed to get a table right away (another large group had just left, coincidentally, were friends of ours). Again, they offered the same setup, and we took it, but this time we had a few with dietary restrictions. They took those requests, and brought out all plates for family style. The vegetarians received their own personal entree catered to their requests as well, but we all shared starters and other bites.They were attentive and fabulous! I definitely recommend EVERYTHING about them.
4	I came here with my boss and coworker during a business trip in Vegas. Boss was not a huge fish fan but agreed to go after I nudged him a bit about it. We ordered the sea bass, a couple of entrees and some appetizers. I can't remember exactly what they were but one of the appetizers (hamachi) was so freaking amazingly good. The sauce was spot on. I finished the fish but kept the sauce as a dip for future dishes. It was that good. The sea bass was also delicious and everyone at the table agreed on its excellency. Price wise, of course it's more pricey $$$ but worth the ambiance, service, and sushi.
2	The sushi was just marginal.  I've had much better sushi in Iowa.  It doesn't compare to San Francisco Sushi.  The prices were outrageous. The atmosphere wasn't great.  Very disappointing.
5	I'm such a sushi addict, and every time I come to Vegas I HAVE to eat here. The staff is amazing and service is impeccable. They have a variety of dishes and sake....how could you not get sake with your meal? My favorite menu items are the yellowtail sashimi and the rock shrimp tempura. The yellowtail comes with this amazing sauce, I can't even explain how good it is. The place is loud, but isn't that the point of being in Vegas? It's a perfect spot to go before hitting the clubs and casinos, you'll be sure to get full here ! Order the rock shrimp tempura. Thank me later !
4	A Brazilian-Peruvian-Japanese fusion restaurant that made me think that the whole "fusion" thing had gotten out of hand. But it was a great meal. The vibe is a little loud, but this is Vegas, so in context, it's not a serious issue. Our waiter seems like a really nice guy but a little slow. It was pretty full.The wagyu beef was served with mushrooms and a ponzu sauce that was a tad strong. We had the more traditional of the ceviches on the menu and it was truly extraordinary. Sashimi was awesome and the dragon roll was good too. Dessert was the banana chocolate cake which is one step removed from heaven. Overall commendable, even at the steep LV strip price.
5	We came here for my sisters bachelorette party and it was wonderful. My sister can't eat gluten, dairy, or onions, and one girl in our group doesn't eat raw fish. When they offered to put together their own menu for us, accommodating all of these requests, I was skeptical. They totally came through! We all felt that we had a great meal and plenty of food and our waiter Kylie made sure to point out which foods my sister could and couldn't have so she didn't get sick.
4	Food is great and creative here. They have a very limited Nigiri and Sashimi selection, but it's all grade A fish. They seems to specialize more in these off the wall rolls that will get your taste buds going crazy. Service isn't bad, but our waiter seemed to be spread thin between the tables he had. Overall prices are a bit expensive. Average roll is $20 and that's for 3-4 pieces. Each nigiri sushi piece was $4-$6 and the Toro was $16 per piece. Yes I understand that sushi at this great quality can be found cheaper near your home, but let's face it, the rent on Las Vegas Blvd. isn't cheap!!
3	Fun fun! Took a large party here for dinner and it was delicious! I give it 3 stars because I felt like the servings were  skimpy on the Kobe beef and some of the sashimi- and they didn't do a great job placing the items ( like the hot stone to cook the Kobe beef) within reach of everyone on the table. For the prices ( I selected the 100 dollars a person option) I felt like there should have been better service in this area. Also some of the dishes to pass that had sauce on them ended up getting spilled on some of my guests and it was a little awkward having to wipe the melted butter off the shirt of the guy next to me. Maybe they need deeper dishes for those items to prevent this from happening. The fish was grade A and the sushi was fantastic. Everyone loved the food once it made it on their plates and it was different from any other sushi experience I have ever had. I'll be back!
4	Great Sushi and Sake Options. Sat at the Sushi bar though and I thought it was a little weird that we didn't order from there but that is non issue to me really. The ambience is ok, a little loud and hard to talk but that might just be the part of the restaur I was sitting in.
5	I would have to really try hard to find a place in Vegas that didn't serve good food. I'll have to try the one in NY but everything served was fantastic.
4	Japanese-Peruvian-Brazilian food. It works. the fusion food trend has been over for a while but this place is really fantastic. Unique food that works, is playful and delicious. this is a hidden gem that stands out from a lot of very good but cookie cutter Vegas experience like the overdone steakhouse.
5	The perfect date night spot!Had a really cool modern ambiance. They had these videos from Asia playing on their TVs and we thought that was pretty interesting. The bathrooms were clean and very modern.5/5The hosts that greeted us at the door were all really clean, pretty and professional.Particularly the short Asian girl with the long red hair.5/5Our waitress was nice, but she didn't explain the menu to us very well. She could have been a little more helpful because it was our first time there and the menu was a little complicated at first glance.3/5The food was seriously incredible!!Started off with a mushroom appetizer, mushroom tobanyaki w/ kobe, which ended up being a lot larger than I had expected, but I wasn't complaining at all. I had an egg added to it, which was recommended by the host with the red hair.We also got an order of a5 wagyu gyozas and kobe beef taquitos with sea foam sauce. The sauce was a really nice twist to a classic. All really amazing. 5/5The drink menu was really great. For date nights I like to try specialty cocktails instead of my usual whiskey. I ordered a mango mojito and my boyfriend had an old fashioned. The mojito was a little bit too sweet for my liking but wasn't bad.4/5The sushi was well made but I wasn't exactly blown out of the water and neither was my boyfriend. He and I are avid sushi eaters and we love complex rolls with a lot of flavors and textures to them. So the Lima roll and San Paulo roll were both just decent. We could have gone without them.3/5Our entrees were really what impressed us. My boyfriend had a Charrasco: Rio Grande  and he absolutely loved it. It was excellently paired with a variety of sauces. I'm not much of a red meat kind of eater but I had a small slice and was fairly impressed.5/5I had the large plate of chicken teriyaki. Wasn't crazy about it but I definitely finished the whole dish. It was a little small compared to my boyfriends main dish but it was okay with me since we ordered so many dishes.4/5Overall we had a really great date night here and would definitely come back for another one. Loved it
4	There are some incredible offerings here, but you have to read the menu closely.  Service is not bad, but very substandard for Vegas and this cuisine. Expect kids who are distracted. The best thing here is the Yamato "roll" which is basically a tuna roll with foie gras and gold leaf on top. Amazing. I recommend you try it.
5	Every time I come here they take care of me. Thank you Jason for your hospitality. The food and service is superb.
3	This place is great if you're having a late-night sushi craving, closes around 2am on prime nights. All the rolls/dishes we ordered were decent/good but nothing to rave about or life changing. Kind of on the pricey side but that's a given in Vegas, especially in Palazzo/Venetian.
4	SUSHISAMBA fuses Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian flavors- peculiar, until you realize that Brazil is home to the largest Japanese population outside of Japan itself.From edamame to plantains, wasabi to chiles, SUSHISAMBA is a true testament to the unique tastes created by immigration and integration and the balanced evolution of these flavors over the last 100 years. Having visited the Las Vegas location several times as well as the Miami one, SUSHISAMBA is high on my list of culinary experiences that delights time after time.Among my favorites is Yamato roll, comprised of tuna, foie gras, osetra caviar, topped with gold leaf. At $19 for 3 pieces, you may have to take a sledgehammer to that piggy bank, but you probably won't regret it.  Another outstanding roll is the Bobo Brazil, filled with avocado, kaiware, shiso, red onion, and chimichurri inside, layered with tender seared wagyu beef on the outside. Every bite melds into the tongue and disappears in a flurry of flavor.I tried the Kanpanchi Tiradito on this last visit and didn't find it worth the $19. Drizzled in yuzu, sea salt, black truffle oil, the 4 small slices of amberjack were acceptable but not exceptional.On a final note, our waitress looked like a gorgeous supermodel, which worked out great in curbing my own appetite, thus making the meal more affordable. I already started a new piggy bank for next time.
5	This place is so much fun.  The atmosphere is hip, the music is energizing, and the menu is incredible!  The rock shrimp tempura appetizer is absolutely amazing, and I love they cover it in a black truffle vinaigrette.  For dinner we had sushi, and it was delicious!  The only downfall of the restaurant is that the tables are SUPER close together, so it is really loud in there and you have no privacy.  Hey, that's typical Las Vegas though!
5	The sushi is always great and the food always looks likes its ready for a sexy date "all dressed up"
5	Fantastic dining experience from beginning to end, we came at peak business hours, the hostess greeted us and asked if we would like to wait 15 minutes for a table or immediate seating available at the sushi bar (we opted for the latter). Host walked us to the bar (didn't just point and direct). When we sat down, immediately visited by our server to take our drink order and tell us about some specials. The food came fast, surprising us because it was peak hours!Even more was when I tried to wave down our server to order an additional plate, she didn't see us, and the manager (young guy in a suit) came to us within seconds and asked what he could do, he took the order without hesitating (instead of just saying he will call the server over).We had the spicy edamame, beef dumplings, Chilean sea bass, and samba split. ALL came out within minutes, presented beautifully (can check out the photos) and tasted even better than they looked!Service was incredible. We asked for hot water with lemon, and even though I didn't touch mine, they replaced it with a fresh one when it became cold! WOW!The atmosphere is fun, fits sushi perfectly.
4	Fantastic ambiance, quick service and food was delicious. The best one was the kobe beef roll, and octapus roll.
5	If you want the best sushi ever go here!!! The wagu on the hot stone a must order!! Everything was amazing!! Ate here 4 times in one week!! Loved everything!!
2	Updated:Just want to clarify that the service is great! Which is why I gave two stars for the service, otherwise I would give it the lowest possible. Food sucks for the price. I've had waaaaaaaay better sushi in California. C'mon, I know it's the Palaazo but still... Disappointment.
5	Absolutely positively one of the best dinning experience I have had in Vegas in ... forever. The food is AMAZING and its comes out so damn fast. SUPER Big Props to the Manager Jason Pietrantoni- This guy is outstanding. Very friendly- has some great recommendations and is one of the reasons we will be coming back with a very large group. Do NOT mess with or listen to the negatives comments on here-- they don't know what they are talking about. This place is a notch above the rest.
4	Chilean sea bass is amazing!
5	Excellent!
4	Sushi Samba is the perfect place to grab some dinner and cocktails before heading out to a club, concert or show with your group of friends. It may be too loud for an intimate date unless you're going for lunch.Our server was great but the hostesses were bitches. We arrived a little early to the podium with no greeting. Hey, smile and greet. That's pretty much your only job besides answering the phone and seating! We were not able to be seated until the scheduled reservation time so we sat at the bar to start off with some drinks while we waited. The food was good. We ordered the Wagyu beef gyoza, assorted sashimi and hamachi tacos. The sashimi is the new age fusion kind with the Yuzu sauces and  jalapeno topping so don't expect it to be in its pure naked form like traditional Japanese restaurants. Maybe they do also offer it in its pure form but we didn't order or expect it that way and the quality of the fish is mediocre so you may not want it that way anyway. I'll definitely be back!
5	We found this restaurant on yelp. It has a 4 star rating but it deserves 5 for sure. We had one of the best dinners we have ever had. The food is incomparable. Absolutely delicious! The sushi was so fresh and tasted clean. We also had two orders of the sea bass. One was not enough. Melt in your mouth heaven! We will be making a special trip to Vegas just to eat here again. The service was also outstanding.
3	I'm from Los Angeles, so I know sushi, and I grew up in New England, so I know lobster.It's 1:30 in the morning and we're in Vegas.  We're hungry, and tired and just wanted a good meal.  We found this place on Yelp with good reviews and decided to check it out.I ordered the lobster robata, which the waiter described as lobster cut in half, grilled, and finished with a sauce.  This sounded a lot like the way lobster is prepared in Mexico and I'm starting to see in other restaurants particularly in San Diego.  So I was excited to have it this way again.What a disappointment - what came to me was only half a lobster, the size of which could not have been anywhere near a pound.  It was grilled well and the sauce was very tasty.  But seriously, for $25?  If I spent that much back home on lobster, I'd have enough to feed my entire family and still have some left over.My wife had the Lima, which was very good.  For sushi, it was not like what we get in LA, but it's worth noting that if I ever find myself here again, this may be what I order.The ambiance looks like Dr. Seuss on acid, but it was dark and cozy at the same time - it is an unusual setting.The meal ended quickly as they were closing and, after several attempts by the waiter to get us to order more food and drinks, we were given our bill.  As I'm signing my credit card slip, I hear our waiter burst out in a confrontation with three foreign women seated several tables from us who apparently did not know or feel obligated to leave the waiter a gratuity.  The debate got louder, but mostly from the indignance from our waiter.  I'm not saying he was right or wrong - I just think there was a better way to handle that situation.
5	The meal was absolutely fabulous!  Our waitress Vanessa G knew the menu well and was able to help us order the unfamiliar cuisine.  Really, one of the best meals we have had in years...We ordered yellowtail taquitos, Wagu Gyoza, Ishiyaki (5) and Anti sea bass... I would highly recommend! Might have to spend a little more but it's definitely worth it!I also liked that the manager Allen came and talked to us and was interested in how the patrons felt.
5	Wonderful food!  This is my second time at this restaurant and the food is always perfect. We'll definitely be back!
4	This happening spot is the definition of Asian Fusion done right. The staff was quick and friendly. With a fellow diner who is allergic to both fish and sesame, the waitress was extremely accommodating. The fish was very fresh and the rolls were fun and creative. To our surprise, we very much enjoyed everything we ordered! I was very pleased with the order of steak which was cut very well. The trendy vibe and hip decor sets this place above the bar. Not to mention, the full bar they have, which is a hotspot for young adults staying at the Palazzo or the Venetian. With great food and a great vibe, this place is definitely one to recommend!
1	Why did you ask me to contact you if you weren't going to respond? #youretheworst
3	This is a cool, very lively restaurant in the canal shoppes between Palazzo and Venetian. The sushi was good, the wine was okay, the Seabass Miso is enough to bring bring me back again. That was seriously the best tasting seabass I've ever eaten.We also had the Seaweed Salad, california rolls, and salmon/avocado rolls, along with some edamame. I love seaweed salad, but this one pretty much had ZERO taste. The rolls were good, although my husband complained that the rice was too sticky. One point I don't want to forget to make is about the service. I thought our server Phil was excellent. He was very knowledgable about my husband's need to eat gluten free and if he didn't know something, he did not guess like so many people do...he went to the chef and confirmed. Great job Phil!While I'm not sure I'd return for another meal here, I would return for a pre-dinner app to eat that Seabass Miso. So worth it!
5	The best sushi I have ever had....hands down. You can't go wrong with any of the rolls but my favorite was "El Topo." The blue point oysters were outstanding as well.  The service was excellent. Can't wait to go back!
4	Sushi Samba is a delightful mix of well done sushi and arguably better done meat tapas.  The yellowtail sashimi came sitting in an out of this world jalapano sauce that I kept to dip almost everything in.  The lamb chops were perfectly cooked in an amazing slightly sweet sauce that my table loved so much, we ordered another round despite being mostly full.  Great concept of food fusion, thank you yelp for leading me here!
5	Christine is amazing sever, manger very nice provided complimentary scallops and food beyond amazing!  Lobster samba rolls, tempura vegetables, red miso mushroom soup, shashito peppers, cucumber martinis and samba split are amazing!
4	About 8 of us waltzed into the Venetian and headed straight for Sushi Samba. Right off the bat, the familiar names of food from my country (Peru) put a huge smile on my face. Anticuchos, Pisco Sours, Ceviches, tiraditos, rocoto.. I was so excited to incorporate my undying love for sushi along with staples from my country. I kept mum about being Peruvian but after ordering a Pisco sour and a cusquena for my colleague, the waiter quickly caught on. We did something unusual, and we let the waiter decide our feast for the evening.. and boy was it a feast fit for this pricness right here. I can't tell you how many rounds of food came.. but they were ALL heavenly. From the ceviches to the makis to the dumplings to the sashimi to the moon and back. It was absolutely wonderful. We have several Sushi Samba where I live in Miami.. but it's never the same eating there as it is in the Venetian in Las Vegas.. but then again, nothing is quite like Vegas.
4	Inventive sushi, great service, and decent cocktails.Been here twice now and both times were solid. The food here is excellent and there are many dishes that I have never seen at a sushi restaurant before.The atmosphere is great inside, but is in a more sleepy party of the complex (Palazzo is one of the quieter "big" resorts on the strip).The cocktails could use some improvement. Given the price and the clientele, I think they need to bring in a mixologist to redo this section of the menu.Last but certainly not least is the service. Vanessa G was extremely accommodating as our server. We came in towards the end of the night and she had a great attitude. Also, the manager Jason P. was awesome. He checked in on us a few times and went out of his way to make my GF's b-day special. Big fan of these two.
2	Probably the worst sushi spot I've ever been too. Place is extremely loud. Beyond belief. Waitress is trying to be a sales rep rather then actually help with the foods etc. The food portions were very small. Not my style of food but to each their own. Not sure what the hype is all about
4	This restaurant has excellent customer service. My reviews weren't originally fantastic regarding the food, but the staff has been very attentive and reached out to me to come back. Can't wait to try this place again!
5	Fantastic food and great service. Had reservations on a Sunday night and all the staff members was very attentive to our table. Every dish we had was mouth watering. The tuna tataki was so delicious. The Sao Paulo roll is unlike any sushi I've tried - the blend of flavors and texture is so tasty. Even the drinks we had were very good. I'm looking forward to going back next time I'm in town.
2	Not impressed!  Went here for happy hour and it was empty (usually a bad sign)!  Our waitress/bartender was snooty and not very helpful.  I hate that because for us part of the experience of sitting at the bar is chatting with the bartender, but unfortunately that didn't happen here.  The happy hour appetizers were tiny and we calculated that each small bite we took cost about $3 which is probably normal for Vegas, but we had found other wonderful happy hours that were a much better deal and a lot more fun.  I really wanted to like this place because the menu looked interesting and it had great reviews, but will not be returning.
5	Excellent food. Sashimi was superb. Ate with kids and they were very accommodating and adjusted spiciness if the food for children. Excellent service
5	Had the most delicious meal at Sushi Samba this weekend! The waitress suggested we do the sampler / tasting option. We set a price point and told her our likes and dislikes...and from then on it was nonstop deliciousness! We truly liked everything that was brought out. For 4 girls, we set a price point of $50 per person and were beyond full by the end of the meal. Next time I would probably do less sushi rolls and more of the other goodies on the menu. Will definitely be back!
2	We were really disappointed in this place.  I made a rez for the first night my girls and I were in town. The service was spotty and the sushi was meh.  That's all I really have or want to say.  Pass and go somewhere else.  Especially if you're looking for good sushi - find another spot.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! FOUR of us in our group got FOOD POISONING!!! Completely awful food too! Should be paying for my ER bill as well. Go eat at RA Sushi in Vegas on thecstrip instead, much better place.
2	We decided to go to SUSHISAMBA our last night in Vegas because we were really wanting to go to a nice sushi place and I read really good reviews. If I went back to Vegas I would not go here again.  Very loud and we were stuffed onto a tiny table where it felt like we were sitting at the same table as the people on each side of us.  Our server was not that polite and kind of pushy with things and very rude and snappy to the bus boys. The sushi was good but no where close to the best we've had. I understand prices in Vegas and especially certain hotels but for the portions and quality I would not go there and pay those prices again. Pretty disappointed overall.
1	Pain in the Tanis!  We ate here a few nights ago and absolutely hated it, mostly thanks to our terrible server, Tanis.  She refused to bring us any menus and assured us she would customize a meal for us that we would love... I left hungry.  There were 6 of us total, 2 of us don't eat any fish.  We told her that in the beginning when she was refusing to bring out menus.  For our second course, she brought out raw fish for the fish eaters and cooked fish for the non fish eaters... wtf?  I waited around 15 minutes for her to come by again so I could get something different to eat.  When I was finally able to flag her down, I asked if the two non fish eaters could get something non fish, to which she replied, "I brought out two extra fish dishes for everyone else.  There's nothing you can eat for this round."  That's obviously terrible customer service.  She could've brought us out another two mediocre kobe mini tacos like she brought for us the first round, but she obviously doesn't care about her customers experience in her restaurant.  I had also ordered a drink from her which I suspect she intentionally forgot since she knew I was upset with her, it was her way of getting back at me.  When I complained about it to my friend she conveniently was able to hear me that time and asked, "Was there something about another drink?"  I told her I didn't want anymore drinks from her because I was not going to play her little immature, power games.  So instead I left the restaurant and walked to a nearby bar, came back to the restaurant and finished my drink there so that she wouldn't get anymore of my money.  Tanis is the worst waitress I have every come across in my entire life, and that's just after a trip to London, the city of zero customer service.  If Tanis doesn't like serving people, maybe she should look for a new job?  Thanks for the memories Tanis, I can't wait for you to see this!  :)
5	I have been to Sushi Samba 3 times now and every time I am blown away.  I love their service and their food - the kids' bento box lunch is an adult-sized portion and the kids gobble up every last morsel.I can't think of a better combination than Japanese food and grilled meat - the best of both worlds!
5	I am so glad we had the chance to dine at Sushisamba our last night in Vegas! Our waiter Michael was fantastic and made the entire experience that much more memorable. We literally loved everything we ordered. Be sure to make a reservation because it gets very busy, and if you're celebrating anything let the hostess know. We were celebrating our wedding anniversary and they gave us a free small dessert.Small plates:Wagyu Beef Goyza - do not miss this! It was incredible - every table around us had also ordered it and we were in unanimous agreement.Yellowtail Crispy Taquitos - light & delicious with an Asian dressing on the greens.Robata:Ribeye - it's described as spicy but it's not, just has subtle spic flavoring and was very tender.Sea Bass - Phenomenal. There's a reason it's the most popular thing on the menu. Melts in your mouth with an amazing miso glaze.Samba Rolls:Neo Tokyo: Similar to a spicy tuna roll flavor but with tuna both inside and on top of the roll. Fresh and great flavor.Dessert: Fried doughnuts with cream dipping sauce - oh my goodness, sooo good. Not a light dessert (fried dough) but ah-ma-zing.Since we were celebrating our wedding anniversary, they gave us a free small dessert of green tea ice cream pops dipped in chocolate with pop candy crust, which was cool and refreshing.We will definitely be back on our next trip!
5	Had another great experience here- Sushisamba is a must on every trip to Vegas for us.  Even though we've been there before, it was so much fun to give our preferences and budget to our server and let her surprise us.  Tanice, our server, was so knowledgeable and personable and made us feel like the only table in the restaurant.  Definitely request Tanice for your next visit, you'll be so glad you did!Everyone we encountered seemed to take pride in their work and genuinely care about our dining experience.  We had made our reservation in-person the night before and the hostess remembered us.  Then, the manager came to our table to pour our wine and personally thank us for visiting again.  The expediters who brought food to our table knew that Tanice had created the menu, so they took time to describe each dish to us since we didn't know what had been ordered.Thank you, and we will definitely be back soon!
4	Came here with my gf and my cousin and his wife. He won big gambling so he said it was his treat. Bad move cousin. We were eating kobe beef and ordering up expensive sakes. It was great. I got wasted. I inhaled some ramen at the end of the meal. Great times.
5	The service and the food was excellent.  We really enjoyed ourselves.  We were a larger group of 7 and the waiter was exceptionally attentive. We gave the waiter a target price per person and he ordered the full meal for us from appetizers, to entrees, to desert and the waiter did a great job!
4	Little expensive for what you get.  Food was really good but I found myself spending quite more than I expected too for lunch.As a plus side, they claim the Krab is Crab in a California roll, Food was tasty, just a bit higher priced than I would like.
3	"Professor in the Mist"Pretty brown legs moved her quickly about the room, her tight black skirt barely hiding what lay beneath. Eyewear gave her a professorial look, high heels a come hither look. Yet it was the direct and patient manner in which she explained the menu items to my father that sealed her as the total package for me. I wish I remembered this fine creature's name but, alas, I was much too smitten to remember such a detail.Dad ordered his usual Scotch and Mom and I opted for plain water. As we looked over the fare--a Japanese/South American type blend--I kept stealing looks at The Professor. She caught me a few times but neither of us cared. Both of us smiled, in fact. It was an old game played by many throughout time, usually with far more success than ever attained by yours truly. That aside, the dining room was darkly lit, with a sushi bar in back and bar in front. A raucous group of tuxedo wearing party boys were slamming shots on the stools but eventually simmered down. Perhaps one of the uber hawt barmaids had mentioned their over exuberance and they'd relented.Anyway, after smooth as silk tutoring from The Professor my dad finally settled on sea bass(miso) and Peruvian corn with a side of roasted vegetables. Mom went with a single samba roll which contained Maine lobster, mango, tomato, chive, crispy rice, soy paper and peanut curry. And as for me, I wasn't in the mood for seafood so I asked for chicken teriyaki(samba style) with purple mashed potatoes. The verdict?Perhaps everything was fine. I never really know when with my parents. Their company is somewhat like being immersed in fine mist after a few drinks. You can sort of see and understand what's going on, but not very clearly, which means you occasionally misread what's actually occurring. To wit: Dad liked his fish(but he picked the restaurant so he would have liked whatever slop they put in front of him). Mom said her lobster roll was good(but she never says negative things until years after the fact. Kind of like her own statute of limitations if you will). And me? I always kind of defer to their mindset when in their company so I think my chicken and potatoes were good, although for something touted on the menu as a Large Plate I wish there had been more bird and buds.Eventually The Professor laid our check on the table, and Dad swiped it up before I could, although I must confess it was a lame and slow attempt on the part of my right hand. He gave his usual 15% tip and we departed Sushisamba--which by the way is located off the shopping section of The Palazzo Hotel/Casino. I guess we might have had a nice time there(I can't really be sure) but this much I do know: Mist or no mist, The Professor in high heels forever has my heart in her grasp....
4	You can't go wrong with their appetizer and small dishes here. We particularly like rock shrimp tempura (crispy outside and extra soft inside!!), tuna tataki, agedashi tofu!We ordered the popular miso sea bass large plate, but we think it was ok not that special. We really don't like japanese wagyu tobanyaki 2oz because they use coconut cream which makes everything way too creamy and heavy. I don't think coconut flavor go well with the meat too. However, their dessert is awesome! We LOVE their Peruvian chocolate cherry custard!! Don't let the name fools you. It may sounds like nothing special but they have a special way to make it special. They somehow use chocolate crumble to mix with chocolate pudding and vanilla ice cream and cherry sauce is perfect combination!!!! Would come back here again for the dessert itself.
5	Definately one of my favorite spots to eat when I come to Vegas! I would NOT trade this restaurant for anything!!! Service is incredible, everything here is delicious, my favorite is the Peruvian corn with Sea Bass appetizer and Sushi!!! A little pricy but you definately get what you pay for!!!
5	Have been coming to Sushi Samba for 6+ years. Always enjoy the happy hour. Yaz and Megan are like old friends and fantastic bartenders. This year I brought my team of 10 and sat in the restaurant for the first time ever. Isabella "Bella" Mostrous greeted me an said that she would take care of everything. I told her we had one with a shellfish allergy, one pregnant and Muslim, her husband, and a vegan. She nailed it!  No one had any issue and the food was fantastic. My boss was the one with the allergy and she took special care not to cross contaminate the food. The next day I kept getting compliments. It was a memorable experience. That's what you want in Vegas, a memorable experience. Jason the manager also got in on the action and treated us with a cool tower of strawberry drinks. He even made sure to have 2 non-alcoholic ones for us so all could enjoy. I just can't say enough about tho place. Go and enjoy.
2	This place is overrated. The sushi is just okay.
5	My friends and I went to Sushisamba to celebrate a bachelorette party. We were very excited to try this place since it had been recommended by several friends. We arrived promptly at our reservation time and were seated immediately. However, after 15-20 minutes, no waiter came by to introduce themselves or get our drink order. Long story short, several managers came over to apologize, brought over a round of drinks and dessert, and made sure our every need was looked after. Our waiter, Mike D, was extremely friendly and helpful too. Some of the girls in the group had special dietary needs. He made this a priority and ensured all the food came out properly. Also, some of the girls in the group did the tasting menu and Mike D picked out some amazing dishes! I would definitely recommend doing the tasting menu since you get a sampling of so many different items. Overall, Sushisamba had amazing food and service and really made it a memorable experience for our whole party. We would definitely go back again! Thanks Mike D!!
5	Expensive for sushi since the rolls are $25 and they are pretty tiny. Yet, the impeccable taste always has me coming back. The tuna sashimi with apple is a must along with the A5 pot stickers. I had a bunch of rolls and the sea bass skewers. I'm sure I had more but I just can't remember right now. Everything is pretty good. This is my 3rd visit to this restaurant. $150 for 2 without any drinks.
5	It is very difficult for me to express how amazing my dining experience was at Samba Sushi. The waitress was super fun and helpful. We went there with the hopes of experiencing a "one of a kind" dining experience and we had just that. Our waitress (can't remember her name because it is Japanese) was really wonderful we told her to bring us some exciting options. She guided us through the menu and helped us choose some great options. We had a fifteen piece Chef's choice that included mini crabs, foie gras, caviar, oysters, and some other types of fish. Absolutely delightful. It was the perfect blend of tasty and adventurous. After the first plate we began to get very intrigued about the food and decided to order a selection of sashimi dishes which was also phenomenal. I have never tasted such amazing fish in my life. Having spent nearly $180 dollars on a meal for two, I was more than satisfied. We'll worth the wait and the price. I can't wait to eat here again in the future!
5	I have been dining at Sushi Samba since it opened the doors in Las Vegas.The food, servers, and overall experience of this Restaurant is "Impeccable".We usually ask our server to order our food items for us at a minimum spend of$50-70 dollars.  We have never been disappointed.  Make sure you order the Sea Bass, and Kobi Beef Taco's.  If you are really in the mood to have your pallet infused with flavour order  5oz"s of the Kobi Beef.  For drinks  a must have is the Mojito's.  Enjoy!
5	Chilean sea bass.  Amazing.  Green envy roll.  Amazing!  Little fish tacos with onion foam- not on the menu- fantastic!  this is always first on the menu list when we come to Las Vegas!
2	I came here with a group of friends last weekend. The restaurant itself was pretty cool, but the sushi wasn't the greatest. It's definitely expensive, and I've had WAY better sushi at restaurants that are a third of the price. When we were there, they were having karaoke night. No one even got up to sing, and some employee was circling the restaurant trying to get people to sing. The cocktails were good, but very expensive. I paid $14 for a cocktail that was maybe 5 ounces.
5	I came here with my friends a little late night. The hostess wasn't the friendliest person in the world. Long dark hair, boots.  We sat in a booth and weren't greeted right away. Waited at least 10 minutes for a greeting or a waiter. Before we even got water the manager Jason personally took our drink order and recommended his personal favorite menu items. It was nice of him considering our initial experience. Our waitress who I choose to keep anonymous was never as attentive.
2	Food is great.  High end sushi.  Josh the mgr hooked us up with a few apps on the house.  Bad part:  Our server was terrible. Christy or something like that.  She needs to go work at Denny's with an attitude like that.  Won't be going back.
2	Our foody friends really like this place so two weeks ago we decided to make a visit before seeing book of moron. Early Saturday evening and we pull up to an empty bar, grab two seats and wait and wait until the bartender gal comes over. Get menus and again wait to put in drink orders.  Asked her a couple questions about the portion sizes and got a useless response. So anyways we order a couple of Tapas,  and like 20 minutes later- our filet ordered Medium rare shows up sliced and medium well ! Really like we weren't going to notice ? Sent that back, waiting another 15 minutes for its replacement which was very tasty. Our other Tapa was an eggplant dish the size of toothpicks, again tasty but crazy $$ considering that a whole eggplant is like $2- So long story short we ran out of time to experiment with any other dishes and had to run to the show on basically an empty stomach after dropping $70- What a joke..
1	I should mention the one star rating is primarily based on two factors:1- the Kumamoto oysters they served were bad.  Like old and spoiled bad.  It took half the remainder of my dinner to get the taste out of my mouth from one of them.2 - No Brazilian beer.   I ordered a Brazilian lager and 10 minutes later was told they were out of it.  I then ordered a South American Pilsner and they were out of that.  I then decided not to drink.  After mentioning the oyster quality to our server, the manager asked what they could do.  Well, they found that Pilsner they were out of.The sushi was decent, but not exceptional. The Brazilian fish stew was rather boring, the coconut rice, beans and quinoa about average and the grilled eggplant not so good.  I was hoping for the eggplant that Sensei can deliver.Tables are very small for the larger number of dishes and it's extremely loud.I guess I shouldn't have expected much from a Brazilian-Peruvian-Japanese fusion.  I haven't been to Peru, but feel that Brazilian cuisine is about as good as  English food.Perhaps I would have liked their Wagyu beef, but at $32/oz. and the seeming lack of kitchen talent, I decided not to try it.
5	Are you staying at the Palazzo? Scratch that, are you staying in VEGAS ? Wait no--- Do you live in NEVADA ???  This place is a MUST. I've been 3 times now and cant wait to go back. Is it a little expensive? maybe, but  you're in Vegas... Listen this place has it all-- The staff is amazing. They go above and beyond here- you get what you pay for- they are fast with the food- the drinks are AWESOME. HUGE Props to the restaurant manager Jason. Very professional- checked in on us often and even made some recommendations that were jaw dropping. I understand that this is what a normal place should be like but coming from the industry myself- many places aren't. The music was upbeat- the bartenders were having a great time with their customers at the bar-- All in All, I love this place. I cant stay in Vegas and NOT come here. Ask for Ryan as your server- Tell Jason that I sent you :) Thank you Jason and Ryan for the great time- another amazing Vegas trip with our friends and good memories to last as long as we can remember.
5	Been to Sushi Samba Las Vegas a few times in the past couple years. About a year ago brought a group of clients there and the service and total experience was horrible !! The waiter left halfway through the meal and the staff totally forgot about us . I swore I would never go back . Returned to Vegas back in May . The clients wanted sushi. I figured the service was ok before that experience give it one more try. Then I met Vanessa Gonzalez . Im a designer and bring clients all over the country for dinners . This dinner was one of the best I've had . She was phenomenal !! Her recommendations were top notch . The service was unreal ! We loved the whole experience so much we returned a month later and was even happier. I asked for her of course and she outdid herself .  She is the reason i will be a frequent customer at this restaurant .
5	This place is one in a million! From start to finish the service is excellent! The food was to die for! It was my second time back and my husbands first time! The restaurant manager Allen Holmes brought us out a welcome back dish, they were these amazing seasoned and cooked scallops! To die for! Our waitress Stacey was a doll!  I will absolutely be back every time I'm in Vegas!!!
5	Really amazing place. My friends and I went there for lunch randomly (I wanted to watch a world cup game) and we were pleasantly surprised. Friendly service, reasonable prices, and the food was fresh and delicious. I got the brazilian feijoada dish (basically black beans, meat, and rice) and it was filling and tasty. We liked it so much we returned for dinner the same evening! Highly recommend.
4	Great food, small selection for me as I don't like to "fishy" sushi. I'm more interested in rolls, but I guess you can ask the chef to make what you need. Just not on the menu. Overall, it was great and there was hardly ever a line.
5	Love... love... love... this place! Definitely a place to try! Let them choose your food!
5	I'm giving 5 stars because the sushi was fantastic, and the dishes were creative and inspired. Love the Brazilian fusion. Tried two kinds of sashimi ceviche, both delicious. Scallops were amazing. Had some salmon and yellowtail sashimi that was fresh and perfect. And, a special take on a spicy tuna roll that was unbelievable. The service was fine. Not thrilling, but perfectly serviceable.
2	Call me crazy, but sushi in Bellagio Buffet are much better. Service and design were cool. Food so-so.
4	Love this place!! The atmosphere is amazing and the food is gorgeous.  The sushi mixes are pretty unusual but really good and fun to taste.  The presentation is always very detail oriented.  Definitely a fun place to go with a group.  My only complaint is that it can be very loud.
5	I love this place! The food here is amazing and the service is always top notch!Great fusion of sushi and Brazilian food.
5	With a mix of Brazilian, Peruvian, and Japanese, we had no idea what to order. Our friendly server recommended doing a Chef's tasting, which could be anywhere from $45-$200 per person. We just did $50, and got a mix of tacos, dumplings, tempura, and sushi. Everything was superb! I had no idea that there are different locations across the country, and I will definitely seek it out next time I am in a city with a Sushisamba!
4	We came to Sushisamba for my birthday dinner a few days ago and I was blown away by the food! It definitely exceeded expectations.The menu was so overwhelming we didn't know where to even begin and while our waiter didn't really help us narrow things down, he did make some good suggestions and helped us pace out the meal so we can order as we go. He came with the manager, who was very nice and gave us birthday shots, and also asked that we let him know if he could do anything. Here's what we started with: shishito peppers combo (grilled shishito peppers, tempura string beans with a truffle aioli, and edamame), rock shrimp tempura in a spicy mayo sauce, beef gyoza, and crispy scallop lettuce wraps. The peppers were a good surprise of the night because I didn't expect it to come with the string beans and edamame, but I definitely appreciated the greens in Vegas! The rock shrimp tempura was really tasty, but I wish it was a little crunchier when it came out. They tasted a bit soggy as if they were sitting in sauce for too long, but no complaints because the flavor was still there. The beef gyoza was good, but nothing really mind-blowing in my opinion. The crispy scallop lettuce wrap was phenomenal. Our waiter said it was a new item on the menu and suggested we try it and it really blew us all out of the water. We followed up the first round with the robata - we got the pork belly, rib eye, sea bass, and duck. All of them were so good, so make sure you pay a visit to the robata section when you visit! The duck and the rib eye to me stood out more than the others - they were cooked very well and had a good mix of unique flavors.We finished off dessert with their 4th of July special (red velvet cheesecake, frozen blueberries, and white chocolate ice cream) and sadly we were underwhelmed with what came out. I think we were so blown away by the entire meal, we felt like dessert was going to continue the streak, but were left wanting a bit more. Either way, we were so stuffed it didn't matter and the dessert didn't take away from how much we liked the meal itself.What really set this over the edge is that the chef came out to shake our hands and chat with us really quickly, which I really appreciated! The service was great, the recommendations were on par, and the food was delicious. I would definitely recommend this spot for a special occasion - go ahead and gorge!!
4	Sushisamba was REALLY good! Ask for Ryan, he took car of us. We were told by the hostess Vanessa to let him know how much we wanted to spend per head for food. we said $50.00 since there was two of us. He brought us out a rainbow of food magic! There was a party in our mouths. Flavor Flave! Our bill was a lil over a 100.00 without drinks. We will definitely return! VEGAS BABY! VEEEEGAS!!!ASIAN BRAZILIAN FUSION!Cheers!
5	Amazing! Great food, great atmosphere, great service & staff, great selection! We made a reservation on Tuesday night, got there 15 min early and was seated right away with no issues. My biggest compliment is to our server Vanessa...she was extremely knowledgeable about the menu! I couldn't decide between a few things on the menu as separate dishes and she suggested to put two of them together into one dish and promised it would be incredible. AND IT WAS! I ordered the filet mignon and she paired that into the mushroom tobanyaki and the poached egg was over the filet, it was a dynamite dish!
5	You must eat here if you're in town. A-mazing food and service. You will not be disappointed.
3	I've had way better sushi, nothing impressive.  This is nothing compare to Ozumo's in SF. The wait staff is very impatient, they kept cleaning the table before we even got our bill.  I can understand if I told them I wanted dessert, and this is why they are cleaning my table. I don't think the ambience is worth the price at all. If you really enjoy sushi please do not waste your money and come here.
3	This is a review of their happy hour (4-7pm and 11pm until close).The Skinny: spent $50+ on sub par Peruvian influenced Japanese food (2.5), service: was slow when we wanted to leave (3) value: seeing as there was only 1 dish out of 8 that we would get again, we won't likely be back (3).We were excited to see that they had a happy hour menu while meandering through the Venetian properties. We thought great! If the food is good during happy hour, we'll come back another time and try their other regularly priced dishes. So we ordered 8 out of 10 ($6)items on their happy hour menu. Of the 8, we'd probably get only 1 item again. The rest was pretty mediocre considering how much they charge for each dish and the level of cuisine.We should have known. I mean when the first dish - Yellowtail tiradito - came out, I knew it wasn't going to be good. The thinly sliced 2 pieces of yellowtail were drowning in a pepper sauce. I really couldn't taste the flavor of the fish at all. Definitely not well balanced. Wagyu gyoza (3 pieces) with kabocha puree was okay. Although the beef had a wonderful smokiness to it, the gyoza were disappointingly undersalted even after dunking in a good amount of soy sauce. The kabocha squash was relatively flavorless which surprised me after reading reviews about this dish.Chicken anticuchos (2 skewers)were not bad although they weren't particularly memorable either. The meat, slightly grilled/charred, was not crispy enough texturally although it was adequately seasoned.Eggplant anticuchos with a side of Peruvian corn was okay. I dug the slightly herbaceous kick of the chiffonated mint or basil, cutting the sweetness of the soy based sauce. However the eggplant was a tinge on the tougher side and needed to be roasted with more oil to give it a better texture.  The Peruvian corn is definitely not one of my favorite foods. Potato-like in taste and texture, the chef was able to infuse some acidity to make it more flavorful. It was more palatable with the hit of citrus but still, nothing I needed to try again.The sushi (Veggie kun - kind of like futomaki, Ezo roll - meager amounts of salmon/asparagus with a ton of panko breadcrumbs mixed in = bad mouth feel, and spicy tuna - acceptable but nothing exciting) was the most lackluster portion of our meal. Considering rice composes about 50% of sushi, it was highly disappointing to find it overly mushy and over seasoned. It kind of ruined it for me. Factor in the high rice to filling ratio, I cannot recommend any sushi dish made here. This is rather unfortunate because sushi comprises at least a significant portion of the menu.The only highlight of the meal was the salt and pepper squid. Melt-in-your-mouth tender pieces of squid with a delicate batter, this was the one dish that the hubs and I truly enjoyed.Food service was surprisingly and perhaps questionably prompt. There was a small gap in service with our last dish but it wasn't too bad. It was unfortunate that the bar service was slower than expected and easily overwhelmed. After our meal, we just wanted to get the check processed and go. However, a loud obnoxious group of women (aka the skanky looking anti-MILFs who obviously collected club wristbands) completely commandeered her attention with to go orders. The two other bartenders were milling around but did not help her. So the hubs had to endure some random, potentially contagious woman's behind rubbing against his left leg while she took orders from other groups of people. He was highly grumpy after being mauled and ignored.In reality, this joint rates about a 2.5 however I rounded up to a three based on the fact that there was 1 dish which was truly outstanding. However, given our experience, we are not likely to return. 3 starred review.
5	This restaurant gets very high marks.Let's talk about the food- everything on the menu is delicious. The different ethnic combinations is what sets this place apart. The flavor the variety, and a must Chilean sea bass skewers.The service- always smiling very friendly. The management comes over to give our party a complimentary app for being returned guests. They really know how to make you feel welcome and special. Everyone from the manager, bar tenders, greeters, servers, and bussing staff conduct themselves in a highly professional manner.If you are in vegas you have to stop here, try and do small plates and try all different things on this wonderful menu.This is the kind of restaurant where you would say to yourself aft spending a few hundred on a nice meal it was worth it.
3	Overpriced sushi. I wouldn't be fooled by the numerous reviews. Food was okay. If you order an appetizer, make sure to order the fried tiger shrimp! It was great. Avoid the overpriced side orders such as the Quinoa side order. It was recommended as an alternative/similar item to fried rice. Far from it! Staff was great on the other hand.
5	An incredibly classy restaurant. Went here to celebrate a birthday, and it was a top class experience. Go for the $50 suggested menu and add a drink. Then get ready for a delicious evening. Great ambiance, incredible service, and delicious food. My favorite restaurant of the year.Carmine is an incredible waiter as well!
5	BEST SUSHI!! Wait staff was very nice, fast and down to earth. The seating was comfortable and looked great. The two drinks I had were delicious and flavorful. Sushi was delicious and there was a large amount of options to choose from. My boyfriend doesn't like seafood but there were non-seafood meat plates that he ate and loved. We're definitely coming back next time were in Vegas!
3	I came for a bachelorette party last week on Friday night around 11pm. My review is probably (ok definitely) biased because I was in such a bad mood at having to wait until 11pm to eat dinner. However, as you might imagine, 5 girls using one bathroom getting ready to go out in Vegas is a production equal to Cirque de Solei that takes upward of 3 hours. But whatever we finally made it after a 15 minute, mile long cab ride down the strip from the Cosmo to the Palazzo hotel.  The restaurant was super dark (why don't they turn some lights on?) with huge TVs which were super loud. Per the usual at many "sceney" type restaurants you could barely here the people across the table from you. We got seated no problem as the restaurant was dead except for two or three big groups getting wasted in booths and a few lonely looking stragglers at the bar. Our server was friendly but seemed to constantly be in a rush, although to go where I do not know. There seemed to be a ton of bus boys but very few wait staff. He could probably sense our frustration so he promptly brought out a wrought iron tree full of pink drinks. Whether or not they had liquor was the only question (Answer: not enough.) So we got a range of drinks, the best of which was a cucumber lime martini with vodka. After the night's beginning, I opted with straight vodka and diet coke.For food we got a lot. Some  memorable dishes were the Neo Tokyo roll with tuna which was solid, heirloom tomato salad with sweet cilantro dressing, rock shrimp tempura, mushroom tobanyaki, and sweet coconut rice side. My fave dish of all was the heirloom tomato salad which was pricey but enough to share between 3 people. The rock shrimp was good but cliched, same as you would get anywhere else. The mushroom tobanyaki was interesting but not to my taste.  Sadly we did not get dessert. In conclusion, I can definitely say i hope I will never be back with another bachelorette party, although I would not mind returning otherwise.
4	The ambiance is great and food is good. At times when try are busy they run very slow and not as organized.
2	My dining experience fell short of my expectations considering what we ate (or shall I say what we didn't eat) compared to what we paid. There were 21 of us for dinner and we had the chef's selection, also known as omakase. Typically, you would get the most innovative dishes ordering this style.  However, we were served typical menu items.  I think it was just a strategic way for them to serve a larger group without having to cater to individual orders. The Good was that most of the items we tasted were pretty good. The Bad was that we weren't given enough food to taste everything, even though we were all charged the same price.  Instead, we shared each plate of food between 5-7 people, which included the following: (1) Tuna tataki: only got to try it because someone didn't eat raw fish. (2) Wagyu beef dumplings: Not enough brought out so I never got to try it. (3) Mini yellow tail tacos:  I liked the spicy foam which added a nice kick to the citrus-ey flavors of the dish. (4) Crab tempura: How ridiculous is it that there were only several pieces to each order so the hubs and I had to share one bite of one piece? This wouldn't even qualify as an amuse-bouche. (5) Sea bass and shrimp skewers: Again, not enough so most of us shared skewers. (6) Steak and mushroom stew: Everyone got 1-2 thin slices of beef, which was tender and flavorful. (7) Sushi rolls/sashimi: the sushi rolls were the most generous items served (about 5 cut rolls) but IMO were rather underwhelming. The sashimi, on the other hand, was delicious and fresh. We were given about 3 slices each of yellowtail, tuna, and salmon which I easily could have eaten by myself.I felt bad for the hubs because he was still hungry and asked what was being served next, only to be told that it was just dessert followed by a $2500 bill ($240 per couple). Yes, our server was pleasant and friendly. Yes, the food was quite tasty.  And, yes, they need to recalculate the amount of food for groups ordering from the chef's selection. Sure, I expected to pay a lot for this kind of meal, but what I didn't expect was to leave unsatisfied and wanting for more.
5	The fixed price dinners are WELL worth the price.  The service here is just as great as the food.  I've had dinner here on two separate Vegas trips and will definitely be back.
5	The best sushi ever!!  Make sure to order the sea bass and gyoza!! Our waiter was very nice.  Really liked their service and ambience.  Happy Hour is Sunday-Friday 4-7pm and 11pm-Close.  You can't go wrong with their happy hour menu selections and prices.  You must dine here when in Vegas.  You won't be disappointed!
5	Had the Samba Strip Roll with maine lobster, mango, crispy rice and peanut curry.  AWESOME!!  Had the Yamato Roll with caviar, foie gras, and gold leaf.  AWESOME!!  Also has the edamame with chili lime sauce.  AWESOME!!
5	This review is for the happy hour which my husband and I visited twice on a two night stay in Vegas. You can already tell since we went out of our way to go to the same place twice when they are SO many options for restaurants on the Strip that we were fans. The Lemon Samurais alone are worth visiting for, especially at their happy hour price! We also tried several sushi rolls on the happy hour menu that were delicious...I could take a bath in that miso dipping sauce. The staff was also very friendly and attentive which made it a fun experience on top of the tasty food and drinks. Give this place is a visit if you're in the area! It's worth it.
5	I'm from Austin and was in charge of a dinner to cater for 14 girls... Let's say sushi samba far exceeded our expectations! The manager, Jason, truly could have been more accommodating! The wait staff was ON POINT with delivering drinks and clearing our table as well. We did the $50 per person tasting menu and got exactly what we paid for! I will recommend this sushi restaurant to anyone who is traveling to Vegas who is looking for fabulous food, fun atmosphere and a well trained staff! Thanks guys!!!
5	Literally my favorite restaurant EVER, let alone Vegas!!!Its absolutely perfect--Japanese Peruvian fusion with the freshest fish, most delicious creative rolls, beautiful decor, & outstanding service!!!!I definitely recomend the Neo Tokyo rolls, Carnival roll, SEA BASS with peruvian corn (amazing), Kanpachi, & everything else...SO GOOD!!!!!!!
5	Absolutely love this place.  The food is just amazing. We had a group of 4.  We asked the server to just bring out plates and set an approximate price limit ($50 ea).  There was an assortment of meat, rice and of course.. Sushi.  A couple of my favorite dishes:  JAPANESE A5 WAGYU BEEF GYOZA, Yellow Tail with Jalapeno and the plantain.  To make this place seal the deal of a 5.. The cucumber martini was delish!!!  Can't wait til the next visit.P.S.  Staff is fast, courtesy and overall awesome!
5	Sushi samba is the bomb ask for Vanessa she was great, she recommended excellent dishes!
5	Not often do you find a place with excellent service and amazing food. Our waitress Vanessa was on top of everything, if I needed anything I could turn around and she would already be on top of it. Jason also took time to make sure everything was going how it should, which of course it was. I will definitely be back and will highly recommend it to others. Since living in Vegas I've been to a lot of nice restaurants down on the strip and this place knocks it out of the park. I have nothing bad to say.
5	Sushi samba is the first place we go when we check in to the Palazzo to get a bite.  Staff is fast and friendly and gave us a personal touch (free bee sample) when they heard we are repeat customers.  Sushi samba is gorgeous inside and full of energy, but not loud or obnoxious.
3	I really liked this place. A different twist, but still tasted familiar. Nice decor without trying to do too much. There was a lot on the menu so getting through it would take a couple trips. Service was great. Our waiter was very good at explaining the concept, and made it enjoyable. Drinks were excellent. It was memorable, and would like to try it again sometime. I didn't really find it to be an awesome place, but like I said it has a really large menu and it deserves a couple try's.
5	I went here and it was so good, I went again the next day.I recommend going on a non peak hour. The place got loud during dinner and it diminished the experience somewhat. We went for a late lunch and things were slow, we could hear each other speak, the waitress took her time with us and made several solid recommendations.The second time, the food was still excellent, but it was loud and not very 'zen'. Waitress was frazzled and not as focused on us.The food was fantastic both times. Very unique fusion of Japan and Brazilian food that I highly recommend.
4	Superb.  Best Cod I have ever had.  Peruvian corn delicious. Crab fantastic.  Price is a little pricey but when doing sushi like dishes its to be expected to a certain degree. Letting the server bring you out random dishes, is a cool concept. The drawback is they say if you don't like them they will take it off your bill however they bring out usually 1 for the table and chances are everyone will try something meaning there will be nothing left to take back so its kind of a con because there is only one serving per person.
5	Let me start out by saying that my husband and I have attended Sushisamba many occasions when we stay in Vegas and have never been disappointed. This time we were celebrating our 20th year wedding anniversary. We had reservations and we're promptly seated. Our server Philip was AWESOME!!! Super attentive, friendly, and all-around great personality. Specialty drinks were concocted just for us and a Happy Anniversary complimentary dessert was served by the manager himself. What keeps us coming back to this place is the truly wonderful vibe, great atmosphere, the VERY attentive service, and of course... The food! Top notch thru and thru!
3	Came here with a group of 8 to celebrate my 30th birthday. Made a reservation and we were sat 25 mins late. Didnt exactly start off great but the food and wait staff were great. Sushi came out pretty quick and the steaks were cooked to perfection.  Drinks seemed a little over priced for nothing special.
5	Amazing service, amazing food!We were having a late night second dinner craving so we decided to hit up Sushi Samba that was conveniently at our hotel in the Palazzo.Enjoyed the dumplings, chicken teriyaki, and we tried almost every roll here. Each one was excellent.I don't eat pork, so the chef actually created a chicken based Ramen for our group which we all LOVED. It was so flavorful and comforting and really hit the spot. This was my favorite dish here. I'd come back for this!
3	Great flavors but we were still hungry when we ate there and we were dissapiinted for how little we got...get lots of appetizers!
5	Jeff and Vanessa were amazing.. We came in with a large for Magic the catered to us above and beyond. All recommendations were amazing- we did the family style dinner. Definitely way to go. They are fantastic ask for them and you won't regret.
4	This place is a lot of fun, especially late.  It's noisy, but everyone is having a great time.  We had so many things it's hard to remember all of them, but the oyster shooters are a must.  Lots of inventive, cross-cuisine dishes too.  The service is great too, and the pacing of the food was perfect, in spite of the fact that it was packed.
5	This place is amazing. I went here with a group of 10 and the waitstaff was extremely attentive.  Try the prime rib with truffles and the seabass with miso! I would definitely eat here again!
5	Great ambiance paired with an amazing fusion.
5	Great service and my favorite sushi spot. Ate there 2 times during my vegas vacation. Highly recommended.
5	Unique and delicious.  Cool atmosphere.  Exceptional service.  Maybe the best sushi I've ever had.
3	The food is subpar and pricey but the drinks are amazing. The hostesses are good looking too.
5	Stopped here for happy hour. Ordered the Wagyu beef gyoza and the shrimp tempura roll. Reasonable pricing. The presentation of the food was impressive and it was all delicious.
1	Portions for ants, food took more than 45min to come, one at a time, nobody had food at the same time. Over pricy and bad service
1	Dont go !!! Expensive, poor service, half the table was done with their food, the other half was still waiting for theirs. Incompetent waiters and waitresses. Dry, tasteless food.
4	Food was delicious. Ordered a bunch of small plates and the miso glazed sea bass . The sea bass was definitely the star , moist flaky and delicious. Would have been a five star review but the service wasn't the best . had too ask for the check three times. Waitress wasnt paying much attention to our section. Wil definitely go back and try something new.
4	Great food and great service.  Sushi Samba located inside the Palazzo Hotel offers great ambiance and excellent food.  The only drawback is it can get quite noisy during their peak hours so if your looking to have a nice quiet dinner this is not the place.  Also the food will take a bit long so don't come when your starving or you will be annoyed.  The rolls were excellent and tasted very fresh.  Their steak with the chimichurri sauce was also another one of my favorites.  The portions are not huge so it's good to order more than just a few dishes when you are sharing.  It adds up pretty quickly so be prepared.  Overall a great experience and definitely will return to try some other dishes.
5	Love this place, I make it a point to eat here every Vegas trip.  The foie gras tuna sushi is simply the best.  Very cool atmosphere and located right in the mall!
5	Place was simple amazing. Sushi was fresh and drinks were amazing. The service for being a busy holiday weekend was fast and attentive. Missing the sushi and drinks!!!
3	I have eaten here in the past but stopped by again so I could critically evaluate the food  for a Yelp review.  I arrived ~ 2 pm and was promptly seated.  There was a moderate amount of ambient noise with the music, but I liked the fun atmosphere of the place.  I ordered the Yamato and Sao Paulo rolls since they looked like the most interesting rolls on the menu.The food arrived rather quickly.  The yamato roll really looked spectacular with the gold leaf, but there were only three pieces and there was a sweet sauce that completely overpowered the roll so I could not taste the foie gras.  The sauce was tasty, but it would have been nice if the right balance were achieved.The sao paolo roll had a variety of fish topping the rolls, and it was quite tasty, but not worth $24.My server was attentive and polite.  While the food was good, it was way overpriced given the multitude of dining options on the strip.
2	This sushi is trying to hard. Apparently people only like this place because it's "trendy". We ordered the best two rolls and they were basically overpriced shitty California rolls compared to the decently priced and delicious sushi that we experience in Houston, TX.
4	I had been wanting to try this place since I moved here. The quality of the sushi was excellent and the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. However, this place was a little out of my price range and not the typical sushi joint you would find me at. I prefer simple classic sushi and this place was a little too abstract for me. If price isn't an issue and you like an adventure I would definitely recommend this place!
4	I always enjoy Sushi Samba.  It's a great mix of Brazilian and Japanese.  Some concepts work better than others but even the basic stuff is done right.  Salmon sushi - that's how I know if a place does sushi well - is great here.  I also loved some of the creative dishes - the yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno and lemongrass was wonderful.   But the killer dish to get - the Moqueca Mista!  Shrimp, scallops, mussels in a coconut broth with chimichurri rice!!!  Heaven!Only real issue are their prices.  If you are prepared for the prices, it's worth a trip.
4	Went to Vegas to celebrate 29th wedding anniversary. Went late at night around 11pm after peak crowds. They close at 1am. Our waiter Michael D was great at explaining the menu.  The sea bass was great and just melts in your mouth. I enjoyed the pork belly ramen (spicy). Service was great by everyone. I inquired about cold sake and he offered Dewazakura Dewasansan Junmai Ginjo. It has a light and subtle fruity flavor. Very nice. He topped our evening off with a nice chocolate cake topped with ice cream in a maple syrup. Delicious. We will definitely back.
5	Hubby and I decided to take a stroll down the strip.  Since we were staying at the Encore we had to pass through the Palazzo.  We decided to go through the grand canal shoppes to take advantage of the AC since it was 110 outside.  We walked by Sushi Samba and really liked the ambiance so we decided to have a late lunch there.We had the Rio Grande ($45) which came with rib eye, wagyu picante, and a chicken sausage.  It also came with a serving of rice, beans, and various sauces to dip the aforementioned proteins.The wagyu picante and rib eye were both melt in your mouth delicious :).  I wish we had a little more rice to go with the meats though.The highlight of the night is definitely the sushi here.  (Hey, maybe that's why they named the restaurant SUSHIsamba.)  We ordered the Samba Sushi 7 Piece with the Green envy roll ($26).  The fish tasted fresh and the Green Envy roll is delicious!!The service here was fantasic and we will definitely be back.
5	AMAZING! A must stop for anyone in Vegas.  Staff was very helpful with food and drink selections.  Best Sake selection I have seen in the US.  I will definitely return again as for the price and what you get it is a no-brainer :)
4	My experience at SushiSamba was amazing. Lively atmosphere and great vibe. The service was impeccable; very attentive. Some of our dishes took a little longer than usual (it was a Saturday night) but they let us know right away and we didn't mind. The Tuna Tataki was very fresh and the Samba Strip and Green Envy rolls were delicious. They even brought out a birthday dessert for me which was thoughtful. Definitely would recommend this restaurant for dinner.
5	SushiSamba continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. We had our wedding rehearsal dinner here with a group of 40 on 8/30. The staff couldn't have been anymore accommodating and friendly. The menu options satisfied everyone's needs. Everything was served family style which we all likes. The firecracker shrimp, truffle aioli and the strip steak were so delicious. My friends and family loved the fun and hip atmosphere. If you ever want to have a group meal I think it doesn't get much better than this!
5	Ok. I've been to Las Vegas too many times to count. All I can say after our first time dining at Sushi Samba is...Nobu who? I can't even begin describe the amazing service we received and the quality of the food. We started at the bar with drinks and appetizers and had to wait awhile to be seated, even though there were more than a few tables open our only downside, and the manager brought us a round of his favorite drink to make up for it. Thanks! The must orders (and we ordered them twice they were that good): Sea bass. Melt in your mouth. Kobe beef dumplings. More please! They wrapped it all in one amazing ball of bliss when they brought out the Bubbie's mochi ice cream for dessert. Seriously?! My home state mochi?!? In Vegas!?!! Amazing. Mike Donbrowski, our server...you gave us the best, most on point suggestions. This was the highlight meal of our trip. No words but these above. So good I had to mention you by name. Hope you don't mind! We will so be back. Thank you for making our night!
2	this place is overrated in my opinion. i've definitely had better sushi, and i was very disappointed. i had heard about sushi samba for many years, so i was very excited to finally try it out. for our appetizer, we ordered the kobe beef dumplings which were very flavorful. for our main dish we ordered three different rolls: bobo brazil, el topo, and carnaval. the carnval was my favorite, but still average, compared to other sushi i've had. the bobo brazil is topped with thin slices of wagyu beef, which i thought i would enjoy, but it was just mostly fat that you couldn't chew through. the carnaval comes with melted mozzarella cheese at the bottom, which i didn't find adding of any value to the taste. the only thing i did like at the restaurant was the non-alcoholic watermelon drink. it was sweet, sour, and refreshing which i loved. i didn't care for the ambiance or customer service either; our waitress barely came to our table and the place was too crowded. i'm glad i tried this place out, but i won't be coming back.
5	The food, ambiance, staff, management... Perfect! There are a lot of places to eat in Vegas, Sushi Samba is a must. One of the few places where the food and the staff makes the experience enjoyable. Jeremy and Nick were great!
2	Underwhelming and far from fresh sushi. I had the chef inspiration with the green envy roll. The nigiri was nothing special. There are much better places to eat sushi.
5	Excellent food and eclectic environment! Rolls were delicious and starters/aperitivos were larger than expected and delicious. Service was spot-on and not a bad thing to be said. Wasabi was REAL Wasabi, not dyed horseradish. Extremely fresh all around!
4	The place was packed, it was Friday night, and we did not have a reservation. I thought we were doomed, but we were able to be seated at the sushi bar in 5 minutes.I have some food allergies and told the waitress what I couldn't eat. Despite her being clearly busy and running her butt off, she took the time to help guide me through the menu. And if she didn't know, she was ready and willing to find out (despite clearly being hella busy!)My cocktail was complex and intriguing (but supposedly spicy and it wasn't) and I'd love to try to figure out how to make it at home.The plating was spectacular for all of the dishes. The standout was the shishito peppers (which I always love, but these were extra awesome.)The foie gras on one of my sushi rolls was a really nice touch.I'd give 10 stars for service, if I could. But my 4-star rating is for food alone. That said, I'd still really recommend giving it a go.
5	This really was as good as it gets.  Stayed at the Hotel and this was the first place we ate only because there were two empty seats at the bar.Although I'm not into sushi there were other menu items to choose from.We found a shell in the salad and they not only comped the salad, but also offered a complementary entree and dessert.  Both were delicious!The place is very trendy and definitely not cheap.
5	I cannot say enough amazing things about this place! Went here over a year ago the night we got married. The service was fabulous... the food was just as fabulous... our bartender (Mari) was so cute and sweet and really genuinely excited to have served us on the night we got married. On our anniversary, a year later... we went back here and lucky us, Mari was working.. She remember us and gave us the same fantastic service. The manager came over to greet us and thank us for coming back and he even brought us an amazing appetizer on the house (not sure of the name on the appetizer but it was some scallop dish presented on half shells -- AMAZING)... they did this on our first visit as well... Mari gave us two amazing drinks on the house as well. The food here is literally the BEST sushi I have ever had.... the service cannot be beat..and a great ambiance!My husband and I absolutely love this place and we have made a standing date at this place every year for our anniversary. I will not visit Vegas and skip a visit to this place! Can't wait to go back! I'd give this place 10 stars if I could...
5	The sushi here is always so good I am yet to try a dish I don't like!
2	Don't order takeout. I usually love SushiSamba and make a point to eat there every time I go to Vegas. This time, I was extremely disappointed.I ordered 2 Rio Grandes to go since I had to catch a flight and the folks back home love the Rio Grande. Unfortunately, part of my order was missing, even after I questioned it.On the bill, the Rio Grande was listed as Gaucho, so I asked about this and they assured me that it was the same. Since I usually have a great meal and the service is usually good, I didn't question it. The Rio Grande is 45 dollars on the menu, so I expected to be charged 90 for both. However, for those two items, it was listed as $114. I also ordered 2 sides. I didn't bring it up because I usually love SushiSamba and wouldn't mind paying more to support the restaurant. I also ordered a cocktail and the Wagyu appetizer while waiting, so my bill was a bit hefty. On top of this, I included roughly a 20 percent so my total bill was about 190 - after I was reassured that my order was correct. I didn't have time to look through the bag because I needed to catch a flight, but once I got to the airport, I found out that the Chorizo and the ribeye steak was not included (usually the Rio Grande comes with those two proteins and the picanha, but my order only had the Picanha, the two sides I ordered.You can imagine my frustration. When I takeout from a restaurant, especially one that I frequent, I expect my order to be correct. I honestly regret tipping so much and even ordering takeout from there today.I would give 1 star for this experience. The extra star is because I usually do have a positive experience (with Philip, who is the best server in the world and has great service).I don't think I will come back here ever again. Something amazing would have to happen for me to give this place a second chance.
5	I just love this place. First off it has a great upbeat atmosphere dj will get up there and start spinning and you feel like you are in the scene for the night.  Then the food is just savory goodness. Whoever actually came up with the concept to mix Brazilian Peruvian and Japanese cuisine and out together a menu like this deserves a reward for the betterment of mankind. As you can tell I'm a little high in this place. Also have to admit a wonderful cocktail menu. There ceviche is just heavenly.
5	OMG... The food is amazing.  Great selection.   Fresh sushi and the service and chef selections were fantastic.Fusion of brazil and Japanese was unique and definitely a delight.  Can't give enough kudos to the chef and the restaurant as a whole.  I would definitely come back and let the server choose what to serve us.
4	Awesome food that is fusion of Brazil Japan and peru. Wife has Chilean sea bass. Pretty cheap plate under $30 at sushi samba. Not bad but not the best Chilean sea bass. I have better at other restautant.I had a cut roll that was only three pieces but we'll worth the money. The cut roll has tuna, foie gras,  caviar, and gold flake!! Believe it was $20. I couldn't tell the difference but I ordered it for the heck of it.Peruvian corn which are big and pulpy. Quite different taste.As for atmosphere, awesome place to hang out and have a cocktail while meeting eye candy lady in a loud atmosphere with a DJ. If you are into it.
3	Cost $500 every time came here to have yummy sashimi, but the last time really sucks! One oyster stink n wholly smell. Was of my favorite but won't go there again
5	If you are coming to Vegas, fine dine yourself at SUSHISAMBA. It's an absolute must as there was definitely a samba, fiesta, and crazy epic party in my mouth happening. I came here for weekday lunch with two friends and it's quite empty BUT DON'T LET THAT DETER YOU FROM EATING HERE AT ALL! Do make a reservation just in case! The unique ambiance that makes the restaurant look deceptively larger than it is has cozy booths to sit in as we deciphered which choices on the menu to select (because unfortunately we couldn't have everything... even though we literally wanted EVERYTHING).Order everything I state here. For real. JAPANESE A5 WAGYU BEEF GYOZA (ALL GYOZA SHOULD BE THIS INTERESTINGLY GYOZAWESOME)TUNA TATAKI (BEST BITES OF TUNA I'VE EVER HAD)BLUE POINT OYSTERS (MAXIMIZE THE APHRODISIACS WHILE YOU ARE IN VEGAS)DUCK BREAST (CAN I GET A QUACK QUACK?!)DESSERT... GET THE BANANA SPLIT (THEIR DECONSTRUCTED VERSION IS EXTREMELY WELL CONSTRUCTED). I can't wait to try their location in NYC, but for now I'll reminisce the Peruvian-Brazilian-Japanese Vegas food day club party version of Wet Republic and Encore combined!
5	My husband and I are locals in Las Vegas, and have visited many restaurants on the strip. Sushi Samba is one that we had been waiting to try, and it lived up to all of our expectations. From the minute we were seated by the hostess to the end of our dinner, the experience was wonderful. The ambiance of the restaurant is very modern and fun. Our waiter was very knowledgable about all the food and beverages. Throughout our dinner he took the time to explain all the dishes to us as they came out. My husband had a Sake, and I tried their signature Samba juice, both drinks were very good. We tried a little bit of everything from appetizers to entrees. The food was delicious! The sushi would rate among the best that we ever had. Their menu is a fusion of Brazilian and Japanese, so they had some very different items to choose from that you don't see at other Japanese restaurants. We also had a chance to meet Chef Joel as he walked around the restaurant. He was very personable, and took the time to talk with my husband and I. He explained to us about some of the dishes that were on the menu, and you could see the passion he had for the food. It makes us really excited to go back and try more! The excellent serve we received, the exciting environment, and the delicious food makes for a wonderful experience. This is one restaurant I think should be tried by all that come to Las Vegas!
5	We went for our 4th year anniversary and it was an amazing experience.  The waiter was very friendly and helpful and the manager came over to congratulate us and to ensure we were enjoying ourselves. I had bought a special cake for the house so when we said no to dessert they brought us a Banana Split on the house! I will definitely be coming back :D
5	We did the prefixed meal and my husband wanted gluten free and the service was awesome, the food so tasty. They were totally on the GF thing too. So so good.
5	Went here when I was in Vegas for a conference.  The meal I had here had to be one of the best meals I've ever had.  We had a group of 7 and we all got the chef's selection/omikase.  The food just kept on coming and it was all amazing.  There was this one dish that I still dream about.  It was a king crab leg opened up with some kind of butter sauce within the shell.  IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST THINGS I'VE EVER TASTED.  I've been to a lot of high end japanese restaurants and this was the first omikase where I was actually happy and satisfied after.  Not only was the food great but the service was amazing.  Isaac our server was always on top of trying to keep us happy (and always made sure we had hitachino or sake topped off).  Also, Rannah the manager was amazing as well.  She took to the time throughout our meal to check up on us and make sure we were having an amazing time.  She even offered us recommendations on how to make the most of our time in Vegas.  We will definitely now be making Sushi Samba a regular occurence at our annual conferences/trips out to vegas
2	DO NOT SIT AT THE BAR!! The bartender was a total jerk and made it very clear that he didn't want to help us. The sad thing is that the food was good and when we relocated to the back of the restaurant or experience improved and our waiter was much nicer and helpful.
5	I'm addicted! !! I love the A5 wagyu goyza!!!!! Omg it's amazing! !!!! Comes with a squash puree.  So delicious! !!! I highly recommend it!! It's my second time this week ordering it!
2	We had reservations after a show and were seated promptly upon arrival. The chucumber cocktail is fabulous, as were all of our apps and rolls. The salt and pepper squid was incredible! All of the rolls we ordered were fresh and delicious. Service, however, was lacking. Our waiter was clearly overwhelmed and totally scattered. It took forever to get the check and pay the bill, and we had to flag him down for everything. He never came by to check on us once. I have been to Sushi Samba in NYC and Miami as well and always had good service. Service fell flat at this location.
5	This place is just off the charts. We mainly ate ceviche and sashimi, they came with such great creative sauces. Service was outstanding and restaurant manager stopped by couple times to make sure we're doing fine. While I wasn't impressed with tuna (a bit of tuna snob here) I can't take any stars from this review. 5/5Btw, drinks are great too. "Nashi" was such a perfectly balanced one.
5	Food was delicious! Our waitress was right on with all her suggestions.  Good music, ambience, and food.  Also, the manager came out and gave us a special happy anniversary treat! It was such a nice surprise! Sushisamba made our anniversary dinner a special one.
4	Ok. Nothing special. Portions were small for the price but food was good. I've had better sushi, but I've also had worse. Service was good if you like to be checked often. I personally don't, especially when we were obviously having a business conversation. Every 5-10 minutes was "how's everything over here". During a 90 minute dinner, that's a lot of interruptions. You be the judge.
5	When I say the food & service is amazing here, I truly mean it!I had dinner here last night for my birthday with a couple of friends and our minds and tastebuds were blown away. I started my night with a raspberry mojito, it was so refreshing. Sat down for dinner and kicked it off with "A MUST HAVE" Waygu beef gyoza, Kobe beef mini tacos, Sawagabi & rock shrimp. Sat down for dinner and kicked it off with "A MUST HAVE" Main corse; Moqueca with mussels, shrimp, clams & squid, 5 meat churrasco & a couple sushi rolls. Ended the night with desert. They presented a Happy Birthday written in chocolate on a plate of there fabulous Samba split. Every bite was to die for. Make sure you ask for the manager Jason Pietrantoni, amazing customer service. Can't wait to eat here again :)
5	I am soooo happy we found this place. The flavors were fresh, the colors bold, the plating beautiful. Really its a light happy kind of full. We tried the yellowtail sashimi ceviche, the lima samba roll, the sea bass anticuchos, the pork belly robata, and the mango tres leite. SOOOOOO Happy my favorites were the yellowtail ceviche it had a perfect little bite to it, just the right amount of heat and the lima roll was almost like butter in your mouth.
5	Love, love, love this place. Flawless service, excellent food, and the DJ-rocking atmosphere put Sushisamba at the top of my list for great Las Vegas dining. At first, I was skeptical. Japanese, Brazilian, and Peruvian dishes? And they all work together? The answer is yes, indeed they do.If you're lucky enough to get Jimmy as your server, do follow his recommendations. His were spot on, plus he took excellent care of our table all evening. Jimmy suggested we give him a price point per diner, and then he delivered a sumptuous multi-course meal, taking us on a culinary trip to all three countries in under two hours. Oh, and did I mention I have a food allergy? Sushisamba didn't even blink. After my Celiac diagnosis three years ago, I thought I had to give up "chef's choice" or prix fixe meals. Not here. While most of our courses were GF, when they weren't the kitchen prepared GF versions especially for me, and I didn't have to agonize over my choices or worry about my safety. Sushisamba took care of everything.And what dishes they were! Start off with a caipirinha, the signature drink of Brazil, and then let your server delight your senses. A few of the highlights: the tuna tataki; yellowtail taquitos; miso-marinated sea bass; and the moqueca mista. The moqueca mista was the crowd-pleaser of the evening, a beautiful seafood dish with the tastiest chimichurri rice I've ever had. But the star of the evening was the sushi. Served as the final courses, we had two huge platters - one GF, one not - and wow, did they deliver. Hope to make it back here for another fine meal. Viva Las Vegas!
5	Love this place, my favorite sushi restaurant in vegas. Food is great..always. the Peruvian Corn is a must try..very friendly staff..Service is amazing!
3	Amazing food, horrible waitress, we asked for a teaspoon and she said they don't have any, then brings a teaspoon anyways???? Idiot! She should be fired.
5	Wonderful experience here!My husband and I wanted to go for one nice dinner and I chose this place because I'm lazy (it was in the same hotel complex) and because I am a sushi addict.I was expecting outrageous prices, but honestly? It was super decent. We ordered two rolls (one being a spicy salmon roll which they made even though it wasn't on the menu), steak kebabs and peruvian rice. Came to less than $50 for both of us and we were totally satisfied.After our meal the waiter asked if we were celebrating anything and we informed him we were on our anniversary trip. They came out with a gorgeous little plate with chocolate writing, saying "Happy Anniversary" and two luxury cake pops dipped in pop rocks. It was awesome.If I ever return to Vegas I am coming back to this place!
5	SO good
4	It's everything you've waited for. Expensive but worth itSeriously just go in there and grab some drinks, let the waiter take care of you. Everything is great and the vibe is chill vegas style   Suggested drink is Hendricks and tonic with cucumber. Delicious. Different.  Try it. The sea bass melts in your mouth. Unbelievable!Go in there ready to get the party started. It will exceed your expectations. Our waiter name is Justin. He wasn't bad but busy. Only reason I didn't give a 5 is because there was some slack in service. At one point we received dessert menus and then didn't see a waiter for 10 min and we had to ask for him. Just a little disappointing since the meal was so expensive. I expect personalized service. I did let the manager know and Jeremy took care of us. He let us know what the reason was as to why Justin was extra busy which was a valid point. I appreciated the transparency.
1	This sushi restaurant is horrible, do not waste your money here. Extremely expensive for what your getting. I piece of salmon sushi that is about 1.5 inches of fish for  7 dollers. spend 87 dollers for food that did not get myself and my gf full. The place is very nice and modern but the food is horrible. if you like your money do not go there!!!
2	This was the one restaurant I made a point not to miss in my last trip to Vegas but it ended up not being remarkable and the service was next to terrible. I know it's Vegas, but this was the only restaurant that I felt was overpriced. While the decor/vibe is cool, it's just like any other upscale Asian fusion restaurant these days. Both of our dishes were average, and my duck had too much of a saturated lime taste.The waygu gyoza, however, lived up to its reputation and was so lively in flavor. I should have just ordered three sets of these and I would have been happy with my meal.On a side note, this restaurant was so hard to find! Oh my gaaaaawwww... I've been to Venetian and Palazzo hundreds of times and didn't have a clue where this was tucked away at. We had to stop and ask for directions a few times, and half of those people who were EMPLOYEES had no idea how to get here.
5	Everything here is delicious. Almost Minus one star for not really having salmon belly. Hamachi belly and real wasabi root definitely worth it. The yellowtail tacos is small but refreshingly great. Pork belly always awesome. The sea bass miso very well flavored, highly recommend.
4	Had the pleasure of going to happy hour and seeing my friends Yaz, Isaballa, Jason and newbies Kat and Lynn. Rico "suave" from Puerto Rico makes a fantastic Mojito second only to Yaz although we have not has a Yaz mojito in quite a while. We missed Megan but will look forward to seeing all the gang so time next year. Food is excellent. If you are at or near Palazzo you have to go here. Sit at the bar from 4-7 and enjoy happy hour or take you team here on the company dime and let Isabella and Jason take great care of you.  I never give max stars because there is always room to improve. :). Love you guys at Sushi Samba Vegas. We'll look for Jason in Coral Gables.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas!  Love the sea bass skewers and the muqueca!!!
5	My girlfriend and I went to Sushisamba for a late lunch the other day.  I ordered the rio grande churrasco plate and a mojito from the bar.The churrasco was very tasty and its a good portion.  It comes with 3 different types of meat, rice and beans with some greens and three variations of chimichuri.  I would Definatly recommend eating at Sushisamba!
5	I was in LV for a girls weekend and we decided to hit up SushiSamba on Saturday night.  The atmosphere was great....the food was INCREDIBLE and our server, Tanice was fun and so accommodating.We decided to have the chefs prepare dishes for us....best...decision...ever!One of the girls is gluten free, so most of our courses were GF...and the ones that weren't, they made a special dish just for her.  They also have a giant selection of sake....we ordered a couple of bottles.I would definitely go there again.....ask for Tanice...she's the best!
2	I give Crispy scallop 5 stars, rainbow hexagon roll 4.5 stars and 5stars for the sashimi. BUT we waited for the pork belly ramen for at least 30 mins. While we were still eating the waitress placed our bill on our table. SO RUDE!! Stone shrimp tempura tastes weird and is not the regular fluffy crispy tempura I've seen before. Pricey. Ewwwwwwwww I gave them a minimum of 15%tip. I wish I could give them 0 dollars tip.
5	This spot gets it.Sushi is about: great food & great atmosphere.SushiSAMBA gets em both and even leaves room for surprise.Chili oil edamame gets it goin' Sea bass skewers keeps it goin' Yellowtail sashimi with that fire sauce keeps it on point Samba sushi roll brings it home while the *great service* tucks you in for a great night.Go here.  Fo sho.Fire'n!
5	I was very impressed by the staff here.  I brought my sister for her 21st and we had a great time.  The food was on point.   I mean everything we ordered was delish.At the very end of the dinner they brought over a couple shots for her.  Everytime I eat here I have a great experience! Thank you :)
5	I loved this place. The food was really great. I loved the decor. Order the corn...it's to die for. We ordered sushi as well...and it was good too. A little pricey but worth it.
3	Food is good not greatPortions are very smallNo presentation - very basic  Overpriced for what we've receivedService is okLocation is nice!
4	Got filet mignon (medium), salmon-avo roll, soft shell crab roll, snow crab Cali roll, and miso Chilean sea bass. Soft shell crab was pretty soft, salmon pieces were really tasty, and definitely LOVED the Chilean sea bass. Sea bass was very soft. However, the filet mignon was a bit dry... That's where my minus one star goes. Server was nice! They also have omakase if you want :) it's of course pricey since it's Vegas!  But good experience overall :D
5	Delicious food and awesome service.I had the spicy lemongrass ramen, tuna tataki, lamb robata, organic chicken robata, yellowtail tacos, coconut rice, anago nigiri, unagi nigiri, and sao paulo sushi roll.All of the food were delicious! This place is a fusion of japanese, peruvian, and brazilian. Most of the portion sizes were tapa style,so you gota order several dishes.The ramen was well flavored with the spices. The noodle itself were ok, but all of the veggies and porkbelly were soaked in the broth, which made them all taste delicious.I don't have much complaint, maybe I can go without the tacos and chicken robata. You have to try the lamb because it's super tender and well flavored. The portion is slightly bigger, but order more if needed.Rolls were small, but it's cute and has plenty of fish to rice ratio.I would come back again!
3	Came in here for a quick snack while shopping. Service was slow and the food took a while even at the bar. Got some riceless hand rolls, but the fish was just ok. I've had better sushi in Vegas.
5	This place is amazing. Food was amazing and service was even better.  Our waiter took the time to explain the menu and made several great recommendations.  He even offered to make us a menu based on our price point per person. Portions are a bit small, however the quality is top notch and everything tasted so fresh.  Every dish we tried was excellent but my favorite was the Chilean sea bass.
3	Not likely to return after what was supposed to be a great 30th Birthday Dinner...Eleven of us arrived a few minutes before our reservation and I checked in while we grabbed a few drinks at the bar. We were seated just shortly after our check-in when our whole party arrived, which was great, but after that our time at the table seemed to be an unsuccessful long one. We weren't seated with menus and waited quite a while for some info as to what was going on. When our server, Justin notified us that the Chef usually likes to do a "tasting menu" for larger parties bringing us items geared towards our tastes we thought that sounded pretty good. He left us to talk it over, and when he came back I asked him if he was sure it was going to be enough food and he said yes we would all leave full so eight out of the eleven in my party decided to try it. With that being said, it wasn't even close to enough food. Edamame, fried green beans and roasted peppers along with what totaled up to be a little more than one sushi roll for each of us and a few skewers of chicken and what looked like a single portion of steak, we all left hungry.I will say the food was delicious, there just was not enough of it and each of my guests felt guilty not wanting to eat more than others. Several of my party asked me if there was more food coming, but after we received the meat portion that was it. Justin was nice enough to bring a round of shots over for the party, but this was only after two people in my party, who had skipped on the preset menu asked about how much longer their food was going to be after they had ordered it almost thirty minutes earlier! The food was finally brought out with some apologies and my friends ate while we all sat and waited for them to be done. They had insisted it just be cancelled because they felt so bad for us having to wait for them, but I told them to go ahead and eat their dinner. To my surprise, the order that had taken almost thirty additional minutes to come out was still on their bill. I wish our experience would have been better and we would have left full and happy from an enjoyable birthday dinner, but instead I left feeling embarrassed that my friends and my experience wasn't a better one. I will also say I tried to reach out to the restaurant directly about my concerns and was told someone would contact me on November 21st... needless to say I never heard anything.
4	To start off this place is not a traditional Japanese restaurant if that's what you're looking for. It's Peruvian, Brazilian, and Japanese fusion cuisine. Def one of a kind of place. It has an ambiance for a nice meal right before a night on the town. I've been here quite a few times. Came 3 times for omakase. Which is amazing. And of course the sashimi, I could inhale it. My favorite was the oysters and Kobe beef. Which is cooked on a stone. The tacos there are so light and fresh.Our server was really nice and definitely felt out what we wanted during omakase. Ah I wish I remembered his name. Also the restaurant was busy and we came a little late but the girls up front did their best to accommodate us. Also very welcoming. If you're not looking to spend too much, check out their happy hours for a quick bite to eat :)
4	This restaurant came highly recommended by a friend who said this is a must go in Vegas. My own experience was that the food was good but not the very best as I thought it would be. We ordered the scallops, the duck, the oysters, the teriyaki chicken, coconut rice and the beef dumplings. The dumplings was my favorite. Others in the party liked the scallops and the oysters too. Maybe we should have tried the wagyu beef, but were too tired and hungry to try cook it on the table.
3	Sushi Samba has some excellent tasting libations, meat dishes, and appetizers. Their beverage manager is doing an excellent job with menu and service. The Sakeoke (karaoke in the back bar) needs some help. The song list is short, the DJ is a little clueless, and the signage for the nightly event is sorely lacking. Don't worry if the front staff seems a bit pretentious; they are. But the back room staff and managers are great. The food is pricey when you don't realize that you ordered your 5th drink after your third song. You'll find it easy to make new friends at the karaoke. Have fun.
5	HHMMM Sushi what more can I say I am a fan of it....SS is an awesome place to have just the freshest Sushi in townThe atmosphere is cool and the bar staff and wait staff rock...I go to the bar 2 times a week and it is the same each and every timeSS has a different vibe from most Sushi places they mix Brazilian with Japanese and it works....You will not go wrong with this place
1	I ate here last week. I initially enjoyed the ambiance, the nice wait staff, and the wide selection of sushi, robata, and cocktails. However, our food and drinks were littered with inedible garnishes. One of our drinks contained inedible wood sticks and leaves, while the plate came with a side of hollowed out crustacean appendages.While I understand that the harvested tree parts add to the flavor of the drink, the crustacean carcases added nothing to the plate other than to disgust their customers. It was sickening. I almost sent the food back, but I decided to give it a try.Fortunately the food and drinks were decent. They weren't memorable in the sense that I will tell my friends and family about it, but the food and drinks were a good attempt at sushi, robata, and cocktails. I would give the quality of the food 3 stars.However, when I spoke with the manager about the disproportionate amount of inedible food on the plate, he was extremely rude to me. Instead of explaining why the presentation was the way it was, he simply said "this is the way we make it," and he walked away. Anyone in a customer service centric job can tell you this is the wrong way to respond to a custom complaint.At the end of the evening my wife and I were left feeling that we were overcharged, under-served, and disrespected by the management. I could forgive the obvious technical errors with the food if the staff was more communicative, but the interaction I had with the evening under-experienced manager only added insult to injury, which is why I give this restaurant 1 star.
3	3.5 stars. The nigiri sushi was good, but the salmon roll we had barely had any fish and was overpowered with the add ons (mozzerella, sauce, crispy onions), so it didn't taste like a sushi roll. The yellowtail taquitos, Peruvian corn, and shishito peppers were also good. The rice pudding had too many flavors and the pineapple was not fresh. I really liked the lemon samurai cocktail, but would have enjoyed it more if it came out before our meal. We had 3 food items prior to receiving our drinks. The service was good, nothing remarkable. Decent meal but not a place I would revisit.
3	Had to pick up tickets for the Panda show so I stopped here for lunch with the Family.  Sat at the sushi bar and admittedly, I'm a sushi snob so take that for what it's worth.  The fish is slightly above average and the rice is ok.  Perhaps the other stuff on the menu is worth investigating, but I wasn't interested.I will give credit for 2 things.  The kid's sushi box is a great value.  My daughter truly enjoyed it all.  Secondly, the Yamato Roll is tasty.  I don't do rolls, but this one includes foie and ostera caviar.  For me, well worth the $19 price tag for 3 pieces.
5	Service is INCREDIBLE! Our server was really cool. We ordered a tasting menu. This is the way to go. You select your price they take care of the rest. Tanice asked about our food preferences and based on that she created a menu of different courses to suit our taste. The food is delicious but it's the service that will make me come back. Throughout our evening Allen the restaurant manager came by to make sure we were having a great experience.
4	One of the best restaurants in Vegas. Here is what to order: rock shrimp, yellowtail tacos (taquitos), Sea bass skewers are a must. Optional WARNING very expensive - Wagyu steak cook on hot rock. You can also do some of the sushi but do not miss out on the first three options. Enjoy.
5	I took my daughter there for her 21st bday - Rico was our waiter/bartender. He was BEYOND FABULOUS! And Jeremy, the manager, treated us very well too. Food was AMAZING! I will be back - thanks to you both!!!
5	Amazing service! The staff is absolutely incredible and the food is unbelievably delicious. Highly recommend the El Topo roll. Also they have a back club area that has karaoke which was a blast!
1	I was in charge of making reservations for a large group on our recent trip to Las Vegas. My first phone call was to Sushi Samba, which was (previously) my favorite Las Vegas restaurant. Sadly, they really let us down this time. When we arrived on a Thursday night, there was a sign letting us know that there was a filming in progress at the restaurant...interesting, since this was never mentioned to me in the three phone calls I'd had with the hostess (one to make the reservation, one to confirm, and one to move the reservation back an hour). The lights were up and the music was off, which wasn't the typical fun atmosphere I've come to expect.We sat down and were immediately approached by the filming crew. Turns out, they were filming a promo commercial for the hotel and were wondering if they could film us. We were promised free drinks and appetizers, so we agreed and signed their waivers. We then had a full crew come over to light the table and were joined by the on-air host. He asked us questions about how much we loved staying at the Palazzo (we weren't staying there), brought out a round of drinks (which were essentially fruit juices with fancy garnishes...looks good on camera, but nothing we would have ordered), and proceeded to help himself to our Wagyu beef (at $32/oz). Our waiter was nowhere to be seen until the bill showed up....a bill which reflected absolutely no compensation for the ridiculous experience. I calmly asked to speak to the manager. The reason Sushi Samba was one of my favorites is because of the food and the experience. While the food was still tasty, it was completely ruined by the absolute lack of service that we received, especially given that we'd done them a favor and agreed to be in their commercial. We never received any discount on our bill, but I did get the manager's card and a lukewarm promise that if I called him, he'd make it up to me next time. There's not going to be a next time. Do yourself a favor and go to Nobu instead.
5	Prix fix bachelor party menu. $85 per person.Probably like 9 course sample appetizer menu in which you get stuffed.Wagyu cooked on stone.!!! Awesome.Sea bass skewer is just ridiculously good. Also get 3 rolls along with desert that includes a Peruvian churro?well worth your money.
1	I personally wouldn't recommend this.  It is really expensive, and you initially think it is not until they tell you that they are Tapas style servings of the food, and even then it is not really enough to feed people.  I thought it was really overpriced and didnt think the food was that good.  I had a sushi roll and it was just mediocre and cost around 30.00.  I think that with all the restaurants on the Strip, you would be better off skipping this place.
5	We had the most amazing dinner at sushi samba last night! The food and atmosphere are fantastic and the staff is extremely helpful and competent! They took care of us and our birthday girl going above and beyond! Shout out to the manager Jason being a great host
5	By far the best sushi, sashimi, tempura, green tea I've had. Great service! Do try the spicy tuna roll! Totally recommended!
5	My favorite place in Vegas. Top quality fish, and great flavor combinations. I recommend getting the combo of all 4 sashimi. The desserts are also works of art that taste great. They are big and can be shared. My wife said they are the best desserts she's seen in America.
1	Service A+.  Staff was very accommodating and great.  Food was overpriced and terrible. 1 star for great service but would have rather had crappy service and great food
4	We stayed at Palazzo over the holidays and decided to try out this place.  I had made reservations for 9pm but arrived about 20mins early and was seated right away.  Overall a decent experience.Ambience:  Dark and somewhat trendy sushi fusion joint.  There is a bar area but the rest of the tables are set up in a funky circular fashion.  Tables are pretty close to each other and you will not have a private dining experience.  Service:  For the most part good.  We were seated right away.  It did take a while for the server to get to us (and she apologized).  She didn't give us the Sushi Samba intro like I heard another server give the table next to us (explaining the whole fusion thing).  Orders were taken and things proceeded to go smoothly.  There were no mistakes on our order.  We asked for sake recommendations and she appeared really knowledgeable.  She was decent in explaining their omikase (pretty much no set omikase).  Food came out at a decent pace.  Water was refilled quite nicely too.Food:  Past review said that this was a great sushi place.  I disagree.  If you want the best sushi, you don't go to a fusion place in Vegas for it.  If you want to try a different twist on japanese/brazillian cuisine, then this is the place. So I went here without much expectations.  Highlights included the Yellowtail taquitos (more like tacos).  I loved the sauce/foam that came with it.  Very light and a nice way to wet your appetite.  Sea bass and Lamb Robata (sp?) were both really really good.  There was a sweet sauce on both.  Sea bass melted in your mouth.  Came with 2 skewers.  The lamb was a decent size and was sliced thinly.  This was also a melt-in-your mouth experience.  I would order both again. We had one of their specials which was a white fish in a tofu sauce.  It was just ok.  We made the mistake of ordering a roll.  I think it was an El Toro (or something like that) and it came with salmon, cilantro, mozerella cheese, among other things.  The flavor was ok, but the rice in the roll itself was really hard.  Like they had premade it.  Made the whole roll just awful.  I like their sake selection.  We passed on dessert.Value:  Just like vegas, things are pricier. But I thought the vibe was decent.  All in all, a decent date night place.  Just don't come expecting over the top sushi.
3	Interesting blend of sushi, peruvian and brazilian cuisine. I had heard raving reviews of the place so had high expectations. We ordered a number of small plates, being a pescetarian, our meal was restricted to fish and vegetarian items. The shishito peppers were delicious. The Peruvian corn was authentic. We ordered a couple of pieces of nigiri sushi - they were well cut and the rice was warn to the right degree. We had also ordered a salmon roll, it was so so, you could hardly taste the fish, there was too much tempura wrapped around. I had ordered the caipirinha was it was excellent. The service was somewhat sloppy, we placed the drink and dinner ordered, but the drink took forever and the shishito peppers were actually served before the drinks. 3.5 stars.
2	Don't believe the positive reviews. If you've had really good sushi before, this place will disappoint. What makes it really not worth the money or time is the rude wait staff.
4	Didn't know what to order here so left it up to the waitress to determine my tastebud's fate. She asked us simple questions and ordered items based off of that keeping in mind a budget we provided to her. Overall, I would give her an 8 out of 10 for her effort.It's been weeks since I've been so sometimes, that really helps me remember what was memorable if I mention it in my review. The uni was super fresh here! There was also a mushroom dish that came with a poached egg on top, that was also to die for. I also really enjoyed the sea bass yakitori, this dissolved in your mouth like cotton candy! The sushi rolls that came out wasn't anything special, but knowing that, I'll probably stick to some of their more inventive dishes. The dessert was some kind of banana flavored one- can't remember how to describe it, but it was a winner in my book.Overall- it isn't too bad of a spot to check out at least once if you want to try something new. The likelihood of me returning is not that high but based on that one experience alone (along with the service), it was a solid 4 stars!
4	I think our waitress was new because she was really confused and awkward but that wasn't really an issue since the food was amazing!We got the tasting menu and you can choose if you want to pay $50-$100 pp, so if you've never been here it's a good way to go. The waitress will ask you if you have any food allergies and what you can/can't eat and then will bring out 5 or so appetizers and 2 types of sushi (if you get the $50-$60 pp) and then will let you know how much money you have left  and you can either use it to get another dish or use it for dessert which is what we did.Everything we got was good but the best one was the sea bass...so delicious!  We also got the yellow tail tacos,  wagyu beef goyza, tempura green beans, tuna app, some sushi and the green tea chocolate dessert. Looking back at the menu now I don't see all of the items we got so it's a bit confusing like some of the reviews say.
5	Sushi Samba in Las Vegas is always a favorite, and my wife and my dinner there last night was another spectacular experience. The food, service, and decor are always top notch. The usuals  (all four tiraditos, tuna taquitos, samba tea, waygu gyoza, miso butterscotch pork belly, aji Amarillo chicken robata, ceviche, and neo Tokyo roll) were mind blowing.
5	This has become a must eat place by my family when in the Venetian complex. The food is consistently worthy and Fresh. The wit staff service is exemplary. The Manager brought us new items at no charge, and it was great. They even have fried collard greens for us Southerners.
1	it's not worth its price!! The taste was just so so. The waiter always recommended us the expensive food but not good food!
4	Super fresh fish.  Had the Sake / hamachi / hotate  nigiri.  All of it was really good.  Had the Neo Tokyo roll, super good too.  My faves were still probably the Nigiri.  Pricey.  Nigiri comes in singles...   but so good.  Great service, waiter kept coming back to ask if I needed anything.
2	Close your eyes, open your mouth, taste Sushi Samba...meh.  Great presentation and excellent service, bland sushi that lacks any complexity to its flavor.  No need to stop here or come back.
3	Insanely expensive. Average like any good sushi bar and the palazzo in my opinion is pretty plain. If it's sushi you seek the OSAKA sushi restaurant on Sahara will blow you away. There's a lot better places than this one. Pass.
