4	my experience at mimosa grill made me walk out of there feeling like i was floating on a cloud.the atmosphere was very nice... large place, very packed (we went after work) but not PACKED. just well spreadout people.  The wait staff was all very friendly, the menu, dear lord, had some very smart and clever offerings. i really was challenged to pick just one.I ordered the pecan trout and the flavors (with mash, green beans and a marmalade i think) went together so well, and were so dynamic, i didn't want to stop eating it.  Other dishes ordered at the table looked divine and were well presented (want to try the scallops!)location was odd- located in an office building, the facade doesn't give any justice to the size and atmosphere within. this is a perfect business, date, friends, etc place. any type of meal, event, etc could take place here and will have a casual, yet really elegant atmosphere.quality, service and creativity. i really wish this restaurant was closer to me. i really wanted to go back there the next night for dinner, but being in a new town felt i should branch out. bad idea, and wish i could get my meal back from tonight at a different restaurant and turn in the ticket here!!
4	I went here twice. Not because I loved it but because someone else paid. So again, not sure about how pricey this place is. I wouldn't suggest all the plates on the menu but I would definitely suggest that you don't miss the lamb shank. It is huge!!! Reminds me of something Barney Rubble might eat. Very caveman like. So delicious and falls right off the bone. Minimal fat. The steaks are also very good. Do not recommend the chicken and dumplins. Salty and not at all like what you would expect. Again a pretty good wine list and their bar area had lots of TVs so you could watch the game and have a beer or wine. Large restaurant. Good for groups. Had a pretty good cheese plate. Definitely recommend.
4	****** 4.5 stars *****One of the few places where I can safely say that anything you order from the menu will be sure to please. Mimosa is one of downtown Charlotte's original "great" restaurants, there long before all the big chain steakhouses decided to take up residence. This place is as safe as it gets, and doesn't break the bank doing it. The decor is very fashionable, and presents a really nice atmosphere without feeling too white tablecloth-like.I really like the "upscale Southern" idea, and not many places in the country can pull it off as well or as consistently as Mimosa does. They specialize in local produce and meats, doing a great job of supporting all the great foods natural to NC. Any time one of my favorite dishes in a restaurant is a beefsteak salad you know they focus on all the details, because it takes a LOT more than you would think to make a REALLY good salad.Whether you're a Charlotte native, or just visiting the city for business, Mimosa should definitely be on your list of places to try if you want a real taste of Charlotte. It may be easy to go with the big chains like Mortons, Capital Grill, and Ruth's Chris, but your money will be much better spent and go a lot further here!
4	Oh, yum. YUM YUM YUM YUM. I am so happy to have found another great restaurant in Charlotte - we had relatives staying with us last week and didn't want to take them anywhere we hadn't been yet, in case it wasn't good, and we went to Mimosa after they left - were were so upset we didn't take them here! The service was excellent - our waiter was totally on point and had a great personality, and we made excellent recommendations - I'll get to that in a minute. The atmosphere is beautiful - we ate outside, it was a gorgeous night. They have fountains right out front and large plants out on the terrace to create a nice relaxing feel. The restaurant has soft lighting and stone walls, and you could eat inside or out and it will be just as beautiful. For an appetizer we got the mussels, which were in a garlic butter white wine broth - we were scouring the broth for escaped mussels by the end of it because it was so good we devoured it. Of course, even though I say I won't, I dunked the bread in the broth - delish. For the main course I had the horseradish-crusted salmon, which was very good. If you order this be aware that while the salmon is hot, it is served over cold vegetables - cucumbers and green beans. The dish wasn't as great as I thought it would be and I had immediate food-envy when my finacee's dish was placed in front of him - piping hot scallops, shrimp and lobster over grits and brown gravy - WOW! This was so yummy that I totally dipped into his dish after I finished mine. The manager even came over to see how we were because he noticed the switch - he was so nice, and stopped over a second time just to talk once our meal was finished. I can't wait to go back here!
4	This place was cool because it uses locally grown food in all it's dishes, which means the menu changes from season to season.  And that's cool with me because the traditional southern fare is fantastic.  Everything my friends and I had was cooked to perfection and there was a lot of it too.  A little on the pricey side, but not to terribly bad.  The only real down side was the service.  Now we might have caught them on a bad day, but the waitress seemed rushed and we had to flag her down if we needed something.  Other than that though, it was a good experience.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Uptown area - Yes - a little on the pricey side but the food and service makes it worth it.  The decor inside is trendy but very "rich."  Love the dark browns w/ the stone walls.  Good place for business dinners or date night.  Sitting outside is also great because you get a great view of the city.  Make sure to order the side of mac and cheese (it has lobster in it) it is awesome!
4	Mimosa is fantastic. I went there for lunch recently for my friend's birthday. I had the best cheeseburger I've ever had in my life. It was topped with bacon and cheddar cheese, but the burger itself was just seasoned perfectly. Mm mm. It is on the pricey side, but it's definitely more reasonably priced for lunch, so I'd recommend checking it out then. As other Yelpers have said, it's just one of those restaurants where everything you order is likely to be good.
5	Absolutely fantastic. My husband and I were staying in downtown Charlotte last month and went to Mimosa Grill on a Friday night for dinner. We were looking to have a delicious, upscale meal and that is exactly what we got. They had a great (and reasonably priced) wine selection. The chef sent out a really nice parsnip puree amuse-bouche for us, it was so tasty. I got the Pecan-crusted Trout as my entree and it was one of the top 5 entrees I have EVER had. It was absolutely delicious, what an incredible dish. I'm still thinking about it a month later. It has apparently been one of their restaurant staples - that doesn't surprise me. Our waiter told us that Emeril had been in the restaurant a week earlier and gave his compliments to the chef for the same dish. My husband got the Peppercorn crusted filet which was also fantastic. They did a wonderful job on it considering they're not a steakhouse.Overall a WONDERFUL restaurant. My only complaint would have to be the background music - AWFUL. The restaurant is so elegant and lovely, and they were playing terrible pop music in the background. Hopefully they'll switch to Miles Davis by my next visit!
2	Pros:Great ambianceService was friendly and attentiveCons:Kettle one with soda - everyone knows that's soda water right??? not 7-up, gross.Salt, salt, salt....we ordered the halibut and the veal, but we couldn't tell the difference, all we could taste was salt.Two salty entrees, two cocktails, two salads = $130...ouch no thanks.I have four more days in this beautiful city, let's see what else I can find...
3	Ate lunch here today... pulled pork was excellent, spicy but not too spicy. Really good Parmesan fries. I should have gotten a bigger order of those! The house salad was forgettable though - way too much lettuce and almost nothing else. The facility was beautiful, all field stone and dark wood and bright light. I'd eat there again, but it was not over-the-top wonderful.
4	I was last the the Mimosa Grill a few weeks ago while visiting Charlotte on business. It was pouring outside, so to was very nice to be out of the rain and be immediately greeted by the welcoming decor. We were quickly seated by our very pleasant host and our waitress briefed us on the specials for the evening. I asked for a recommendation on a cheese selection her choice of a local goat cheese was fabulous. For the entree I chose the New York Strip Pepper Steak and it was prepared perfectly. A glass of Beringer Reserve Cabernet went very well with the meal. I have been to the Mimosa Grill a few other times in the past and have always been pleased with the entire evening, and this was no exception.
4	A reliable haven right in the middle of downtown.  Well designed and attractive interior, excellent service and good food always - very well prepared and presented.   A great place for the business traveler looking for fine food and a nice dining experience.
4	Low country cooking at its best in the City!  Well, except for the lobster bisque, which was a bit too tomato-ey and not enough lobster taste.They gladly exchanged it for two of us, and brought us a wonderful warm goat cheese salad.  Waiter was very friendly and accomodating.Appetizers that couldn't be beat:Lobster mac n cheese with Ritz cracker crumb crust!  Nummmy!Creamy, chunks of lobster - great comfort food on a cold night!Fried green tomatoes perfectly tender on the inside, crispy on the out...and a large portion of about 6 of them!  Now that I'm full before the entree, ordered the FAROE ISLAND SCOTTISH SALMON anyway, with a lobster and crawfish boil, rock shrimp, creamy grits, peasant bread & carolina bay aioli.  Heaven on a plate!Passed on dessert and had a nice Oban single malt scotch to wash it all down.I'll be back...if I return to Charlotte.
5	highly recommend this spot for the power lunch in the wachovia center.  we had a series of meetings here when we were in town on business, and someone from the team recommended we eat here for lunch before heading to the airport to get back to san francisco.  we didn't know the area and would have probably ended up driving around looking for someplace decent without realizing that one of the best spots was right in front of us.  we had a similar experience the day before with Flemings where the facade didn't look very good, matter of face, kind of looked like a denny's or something with the menu on a placard outside.  but once we got inside, we could immediately notice that it was a more upscale place. first it was crowded and there was a small wait.  second, it was filled with business folks eating which means that these people eat in the area all the time and know the best spots to eat. third, the atmosphere and interior design was well laid out and attractive so there was clearly some investment in the place by the owners. we asked for recommendations from the waitress and she did not disappiont. the slow roasted carolina pulled pork with cole slaw was an excellent way to wrap up the charlotte visit. the iced tea was excellent, service good. fries were great. all was most excellent as Wayne's World would say.  i would definitely eat here next time i'm in the area.
3	Came in here for lunch, and found the food to be good, but certainly not worth the BoA/ Wells Fargo crowd wait.  Based on the mahi mahi I had, I will try to make a reservation and come back for dinner.
5	Dinner last night with Granny and Waiting for a table for a GREAT steak was NOT an option. She wanted to go to Mimosa Grill as I had taken her there in the past and she loved it! When we arrived, the restaurant was empty. The Hostess explained that they had just finished a buyout for 160 people and that we were the first seated after that. Our Server, Tom, was prompt in greeting us and setting menus. The nightly "Sustainable Seafood" feature sounded amazing, and was a brilliant idea. We were in the mood for Steak however, and so we both ordered the Filet, with Smoked corn and Anson mills grit cake, and asparagus. The order of Hush puppies (an institution) was ordered for the first course. We also wanted something from the chef and were sent a scallop duo. The Scallop dish was a TRIUMPH! The first scallop, seared beautifully, was atop a Tempura fried Meyer Lemon Wheel, ditalini pasta, and blistered local tomatoes. The second scallop, seared perfectly as well, was collared with pork belly lardon, and set atop an English pea and mint puree and accompanied by a fresh Morel Mushroom. AMAZING. The Pea Puree was perfect. a great blend of texture, essence of the mint, and taste. I could have eaten it as a soup! The Hush puppies came out and were delicious as always, although, a little salty, we still found them just as remembered, outstanding. Filets arrived at the table and smelled of the wood burning grill. One of the main reasons I order a steak at Mimosa is because of the Grill. To my knowledge, no other restaurant in the city is currently using wood int he grills. I love this! The flavor is so multidimensional and savory. The filets came with asparagus, which was soft and sweet. The grit cake, again, had a generous amount of salt, but still added the contrast between sweet, and salty. My Steak, Rare, was so good that it didn't last long, and Granny's (which she couldn't finish) ended up on my plate. Service the whole time was pleasant, courteous and unobtrusive, all qualities I think Tripp Cagle (GM) and staff do a really great job in training the staff. Alexis Mejia, in my opinion is one of Charlotte's up-and-coming pastry chefs and has really taken the Mimosa dessert menu to new heights with items such as Peanut Butter Mousse Bombe with Concord grape granita (which we ordered) and the Key lime Cheesecake with Candied Orange Rind. All southern favorites, with some really fun accents! I will say, I have always loved this place and get a feeling of nostalgia when I walk down the long hallway that is the dining room and feel the warmth from the sandstone columns. I know I'm going to eat well when I'm there, and they never disappoint.
4	This was a great place for the solo business traveler to dine with a little dignity, a cold martini and some great food last Wednesday night. I sat in the bar, ordered a trio of appetizers and watched the Celtics/Magic playoff game on TV.Pros-Attentive Service - the bartender was Johnny on the Spot and got my martini to me coldly and quickly, kept my water full and got my food out fast and hot. Nothing wrong with that.-Food - I ordered the beet salad, carolina lump crab cake and hushpuppy crusted oyster grits off the Grits Bay menu. While the beet salad wasn't great, the other two knocked it out of the park along side the awesome assortment of fresh-baked bread things (no idea what they were actually, smallish muffin). A dash of hot sauce and I was having the Southern Food experience I hadn't yet had in Charlotte.-Lowkey Atmosphere - I'll reiterate that as a solo business traveler, environment is key so you don't feel like a total creeper eating out alone. The bar at Mimosa was the perfect environment to blend-in, eat some great food and not feel like a pariah. I'll be back.Cons-One bone to pick with the beet salad, not enough beets and too much goat cheese - more of a goat cheese dip with beets.
1	Best thing about eating lunch here is the patio seating. Special soft shell crab over mixed green salad was disapponting at best. Soft shell crab was over-battered and lacked crab flavor. Salad was dull and lime vingrette seemed to be missing the lime. Chopped red onion totally overpowered. On prior visits, sweet potatoe fries are decent.
2	I've been to this restaurant for several other business dinners but this visit was the most unsatisfactory visit.Fresh off a 5 hour flight, we checked into our hotels and went straight to dinner at 8pm. We were famished after our flight.The meal started out great. We ordered the LOCAL ANTIPASTO PLATTER with assorted dry cured 100% berkshire meats, olives sweet and salty pickles, and toasted bread. It was delicious!We took our time to enjoy the appetizer while chatting. When we finished our appetizers 20 minutes later, we looked around for our waiter expecting our dinners. He immediately came over and apologized that our 2 dinner entree order went in after a large table's order and he was working on getting our orders rushed through. Unfortunately, our table didn't receive any bread so we had to ask for it to tie us over. He looked perplexed why we didn't get bread but made sure a basket was brought over immediately. Don't know if it was because we were starved but the house bread was yummy with peach butter spread.It was almost another 20-30 minutes before he brought out our dinners. He exclaimed that it was an ordeal trying to get our entrees. REALLY?!? Sounds like poor kitchen line management that should be corrected. Hell's kitchen wouldn't stand for it. - PECAN CRUSTED SNAKE RIVER TROUT: hearty portions/ over blackened- PAN ROASTED DIVER SCALLOPS: right portion size but toooo salty- LOCAL SQUASH & ZUCCHINI WITH SWEET VIDALIA ONIONS: over cooked and mushy.Our waiter, Adam, was very nice and checked in on our table several times throughout dinner. He apologized several times and we understood it was out of his hands. The restaurant GM should have made an appearance to our table. Lucky we didn't have clients with us this evening. Poor kitchen line management explains another reason why business dinners take 3 hours at these types of restaurants.
4	We went to Mimosa Grill for the first time this past weekend.  It also happened to be Restaurant Week, but we weren't really planning on doing the Restaurant Week menu since we wanted to try their normal menu.  Also, many times the regular menu is cheaper than the Restaurant Week menu, which didn't happen to be the case at Mimosa Grill, so we went with the three-course meal for $30, not only for the price, but also for the delicious-sounding selections.  I started with some corn and lobster fritters which came in a small basket filled with 5 or 6 golf ball size fritters and thick, creamy Cajun remoulade.  It was a good-sized portion for an appetizer and tasted excellent with the slightly spicy dipping sauce.  Next came my rare tuna steak, cooked and seasoned to perfection, atop a bed of flavorful beans.  I then finished off my meal with a miniature pecan pie covered in ice cream with a side of peaches.  Our service was impeccable and our server treated us with the utmost respect (you never know during Restaurant Week).  We were seated underneath the large windows in the front of the restaurant which let in a lot of natural light.  We could look out to Uptown Charlotte.  It provided a great atmosphere.  Our visit was a great introduction to Mimosa, and we're glad that we picked it.
4	Went on a Saturday night.  Had reservations and was given the option of outside seating or indoor.  Very accommodating.  Recommends the cheese plate.  Great service and atmosphere.
5	Holy mackerel was this place amazing!! LBD status to the max.My father, cousin, bro in law, grandfather, and uncle all decided to come down for a weekend for some bball, football, & brews brew. I researched some places to take them to dinner. I'm tired of the traditional places here in Uptown (Blue, Cap Grille, etc), so I decided to try something new. Working at BofA and living on 7th, I rarely have the opportunity to venture down Tryon. This has opened my eyes to a whole new world, just like Aladdin.Not taking any chances, I made reservations for the 6 of us. For 7 pm, I really don't feel this would have been necessary, as the place was practically completely empty. Let me give you the run down of everything we ate. Please don't judge me. I know I'm a gavone :)___________________________________________________AppetizersLobster Mac & Cheese: Thought this was the worst of what we ate. Still, would order it again. Has a completely different texture of your traditional mac & cheese. Cornbread: Comes out in a hot skillet with melted pecan butter on top. Do I need to say anything more about this?Pei Mussels: WOW. The flavor of these mussels will stay with me for the rest of my life. The way they not only smelled, but tasted :)Shrimp & Grits: A teacher of mine used to say: "So good, it'll make you want to slap yo mama." Yeah, that applies here.Pork Belly Sliders: This could have been my meal and I'd be completely happy. I NEED THESE AGAIN!Stuffed Hushpuppies: Halved-hushpuppies, stuffed with crawfished and rock shrimp. This was the complete showstopper. It was spicy, but tasted so damn good.Some Special Bean Soup: I honestly don't remember the name of it, but it made me all warm and tingly inside. It was in like a beef broth with veggies, beens, and chunks of ham. Splendid____________________________________________________Dinner (yeah, we had room for this too)"Old World" Duck: This was the biggest piece of duck I have ever seen. It was cooked to complete perfection and had the perfect complimentary side of butternut squash. Hickory Beef Tenderloin: A hunk of beef, thrown onto a plate with phenomenal ( and i mean PHENOMENAL) risotto. I devoured this thing faster than you can read this off the menu."Duroc" Pork Chop: Although I did not have the pleasure of enjoying this, my cuz pounded it (not pounded out). It's a traditional pork chop, but with fresh homemade apple sauce along the side of it. He did not finish at the table, but instead finished while sitting in his underwear on my couch at midnight.So I decided to give this place 5 stars. But if you have read my reviews before, stars don't mean anything. It's all about the LBD scale, and let me tell you, this gets a 9.5 on the LBD scale. If I gave such raving reviews regarding the food, why a 9.5 you ask? BECAUSE I didn't get to try their desert. I'd be lying if I gave it a perfect 10 (like Scarlett Johannson) and it has a terrible desert. I will definitely be back there and will adjust the LBD scale accordingly.
4	On a cold night that just happened to be my birthday, my friend and I strutted into Mimosa awaiting an experience. We had reservations and were promptly seated next to a window that looked out on a beautiful city view. The restaurant is warm, inviting and cozy... yet its a decently large area. I had really high hopes for this meal and there were hits and misses throughout. Either way I had a fabulous birthday.Starting out with the service... WOW! Its been a while since I had that good of service, especially in North Carolina for that matter! Our server was a dashing fellow by the name of Adam and he definatly made our night. I think that his great attitude and subtle humor made my review jump up a star. Our water was always filled, food was coursed very well, and Adam showed great knowledge in the menu.Now getting to the menu, which in itself was a bit of a cluster-F. I like more of a structure in a menu, perferably with no advertisements or noncense. I like Structured menus I guess. Maybe I am just nit-picky. At any rate we started off our meal with all recomandations from our server. The trio of Pear Salad was first. Three applications of pears were showcased, the only one that needed to be on there was the savory cheese cake with pears. The other two were nice but the cheese cake was rad. Then we enjoyed the blt Belly Sliders and the stuffed hushpuppies. I think the Belly Sliders were good... but I think they required salt, I felt that belly fat plus fried tomato could definatly benefit. The hushpuppies... no complaints. Now the thing I was looking forward too was this pork chop with foraged mushroom mac and braised greens. We ordered our porkchop medium/rare and what we got was... well nicely seared but the inside was so bloody red it looked like seared ahi! We sent it back and by then there was no hope left... Alas! an overdone chop. If something is sent back I would be sure to watch it like a hawk! While the mac was good I really wanted a good porkchop. The meal as a whole was good, save the chop. Im not sure that their "farm to plate" Ideal came across incredibly well, but I like the initiative. Definatly a delightful evening.
3	My team was in Charlotte for a cross country meet this past weekend and our team manager made reservations for us at Mimosa Grill.  There was probably a group on 15 of us and we were seated immediately.  They really worked with us picky runners to make sure we had everything we needed the night before our big race.  They kept our glasses filled with water and sent over a few baskets of biscuits while we waited for each course. Everything was pretty good and the atmosphere was very nice... and best of all the race went pretty well for the team the next day!
2	Well, I have to start by saying we were excited to try this place but were very disappointed with our entire experience. We went for Sunday brunch and were seated in the bar with the bartender as our server even though the place had many seats open. We started by ordering drinks off of their specialty cocktail menu. They had advertised a Jalapeno Margherita. After about 10 minutes and well after my dining companion had received their drink, the bartender came over and said that I needed to choose another drink because she could not find the vodka. We ordered shrimp and grits which were served with a film layer on top of the gravy as if it had been sitting an excessive amount of time in the kitchen and a minuscule portion of grits. The dish had fine flavor but was nothing special. My dish was the Mimosa Eggs Benedict special but unfortunately the eggs in the benedict were cooked hard so no delicious yolk to ooze onto the dish as intended. The bartender forgot we were there for awhile and our drinks were empty and then appeared to be caught up in eating some pizza and talking to other employees and we had to walk over just to pay and get out of there. I might give this place another try during a busy night but was very disappointed. This may be one of those places that is living off of a good start and good reviews but has suffered a major decline in both quality and service. Oh and by the way, if you are going to advertise a drink and don't have the ingredients then please offer the person a cocktail of their choice complimentary as an apology. That is what sets the 4 & 5 star places apart from the rest is a combination of good food, service, and management.
4	Went here with a friend and we enjoyed the lunch crowd atmosphere. Filled with business professionals, we fit right in with our work day suit attire. We were sat without a reservation upon arrival at 12:10pm - no wait. We commented how we had not been here in awhile and we were impressed with the service and expeditious arrival of our food. I ordered the daily special: chicken pot pie which came with a salad and my friend got the wonton grilled chicken salad. We shared our meals and they were both delicious. I would love to go back for a dinner, when I could spend a little more time enjoying the ambiance. We both got nonalcoholic drinks, since it was lunch time, but the bar looked really elegant and I would love to go back for happy hour sometime.
4	I was in town for two days and our hotel recommended this place, calling it "updated Southern." We were a little disappointed when we walked in, because it looked corporate and impersonal - everything that we didn't want. But then I saw the menu.  There were so many really interesting looking things on it that I wish I was with a bigger group so there could have been more ordering and sharing. I ended up starting with a goat cheese, beet and orange salad. With those ingredients, you can't really go wrong, and they didn't. For dinner, I had scallops that were encrusted with bacon crumbs on top of a pumpkin bread crustini. Really amazing flavors between the bacon, scallops and the pumpkin. My colleague also really enjoyed his pecan encrusted trout. Bottom line: boring corporate setting, the opposite of boring food.
4	I can always appreciate a restaurant that has local and organic ingredients. Hilarious especially when you see such a place in the Southeast. You go Char-Char.My family of 4 + friend of my sister = 5 came into Mimosa on a Saturday night. Um, why were we the only ones in the restaurant? I'm confused.... Charlotte you aren't that subruban are you? This is UPTOWN??Regardless, the service was perfect and the food was brought out promptly.  I thought that my meal was tasty and that it was cooked to my liking.I have also been here for lunch and had the opportunity to sit outside which was nice because it is a great location for people watching.
4	Truffle Fries!!  Wow!  I am only writing a review on the total ambiance and bar menu.  I didnt actually get a chance to sit down and have dinner but that will inevitably happen soon.  The location and atmosphere is simply wonderful.  We sat inside at the bar on a Friday during happy hour and things started jumping.  Not jumping like packed and annoying, just enjoyable with people all over the place.  The bartender/staff was very attentive and very good at her job.  That is nice.  Just outside is a large patio area over looking a beautiful courtyard in the city.  Great location!  Truffle fries.... Now, the only other fries that I have ever had that didnt require and condiments were at Capital Grille.  They were $10 fries.  They are $4 here and simply delicious.  I will be going back many times to this place just for those fries (see picture).  Also stay tuned for update about the dinner menu.  Very soon.   Enjoy!-Ian M.
2	Took clients to dinner on a week night on what appeared to be a slow time. We were placed into a very crowded part of the restaurant. (empty tables elsewhere) Waiter was fair at best and he seemed in a hurry through out the meal. Food was nothing more than average which was a surprise after the high rating I read about. Unfortunately, this was not just my opinion but the opinion of all 6 people in our party. I was ready to write it off to a just a bad night when a colleague mentioned that his lunch the previous day was similar. The entire experience was certainly below my expectations.
4	I enjoyed a 3 course brunch at Mimosa. We had a good discussion with our waiter about the area and the meal. Nice ambiance and food was top notch. I look forward to trying lunch/dinner in the future.
5	First of thank you Yelp for helping me choose this wonderful restaurant in Charlotte...After taking a mini vaca to Charlotte, let's say we were two very hungry people after that 8 hr drive...and Mimosa happened to be around the corner from our hotel. Never having southern food before, I was somewhat skeptical, however, Mimosa changed me for the better. We literally got a sample of most of the items on the menu. The 'sweet' tea drink = FANTASTIC...it's some arnold palmer mix with a little southern lovin ;) then their cocktail - superrr strong but still awesome....   As for the food, the pulled pork was just great and so was the salmon...plus all the side dishes we got with it. gumbo, mashed potatoes, two tacos...absolutely the best food I've had in a long time!!! plus the bartender was so cool, Rob was the nicest person ever.
4	The food was good, was expecting a bit better for the price, but I do have to say my waiter, long blonde hair, was phenomenal. Very attentive and answered all my questions about the food. Overall definitely happy with his service and the experience he has provided.If you go there ask for him, he can recommend the best pairings and the most unique items off the menu, without an attitude.5 stars for the service and experience4 for the food and price.
4	Excellent restaurant and experience - the main courses are excellent and the starters and desserts are excellent - will have to decide which one you want as you probably won't have room for both.  The fact they use local growers/suppliers make the southern menu that much enticing.
2	Read reviews and beg to differ. Had to argue with staff that a martini does not only have two ounces! The glass was literally less than half full. For 11 dollars a glass! Rob was the bartender.When we complained twice, the glass got filed. Corn bread was like cardboard. Mussels very good. Trout very good. No doubt they have a good chef. However, the management is very lacking. Manager came over right when ewe we got our entrees and we asked her to come back and she never did. The bussing was a joke. We had to put our appetizer plates on the next table because they  were never cleared. Not a pleasant meal.Not worth the money.
3	This place is stuck between two and three stars for me  so I bumped it up to 3 only because it really is a gorgeous old-school interior.  The food is fantastic....it is right by my office or I wouldn't pop in so much.  Love lunch and dinner here....I cant get over the overpriced wine though.  $16 bucks for a glass of Conundrum?  When I buy A BOTTLE OF IT at Total Wine for $19-22?  Yes this bitch has felt the need to indulge after a hard day at work but seriously????  This is not a frequent splurge.The service is impeccable and the lunch and dinner menus are top rate.  I will of course be back (unless my office gets moved too far away lol).  You are A-OK my pricey little Mimosa!
4	It's pretty odd that I haven't reviewed Mimosa yet...especially because it was my first meal in the Queen City many moons ago. I recall delightful scallop dishes, great sandwiches and great, locally sourced eats all around. Most recently, hubs and I enjoyed a tasty Easter brunch at Mimosa - a solid spot for all things eggy, French toasty and, well, Mimosa-y. For $24 I indulged a large buffet full of goodness and the best part is the included small plates menu during brunch time. Not only is the buffet nicely stocked, but the small plate menu is impressive. You want the special benedict? Order it. It's included. How about a few slices of walnut crusted, banana French Toast? Got for it. And, the crowning glory to their Sunday brunch? $5 mimosas. Mmmm hmmm. Get ye to Sunday brunch at Mimosa and be sure to visit the line a few times, including the dessert section!
3	One of my favorite places in Charlotte! The menu is very unique and the food is just plain awesome! Service is very good as well.Since we didn't have reservations, the hostess made us wait 20 minutes when half the tables (indoors and outdoors) were clearly empty. Deducting one star for mean attitude.
3	Ok apps. Mostly US wines. Patio is the place to be.......
4	Rating Mimosa Grill is an interesting balance for me.  The balance is between lunch and dinner.  This review will be for all my lunch experiences which have generally been pretty good so, 4 Stars.  Honestly though, if I were reviewing the dinner experiences, it would be a solid 3 and I expect more from a place like this than A-OK.On to lunch...  There is a good mix of appetizers, sandwiches, salads and entrees from which to choose.  There are also daily specials.  The only one I can ever remember is the Friday Fish and Chips because it's always the special I want and it's never Friday when I'm there!  I mostly land on the Caesar salad with grilled shrimp.  The greens are always fresh and the shrimp are plump, firm and seasoned/grilled well.  Monday's Caesar dressing was just a wee bit flat but that was the first time ever so, forgiven.  Also opted for the Tomato Bisque yesterday.  It was quite good.  Nice balanced flavors, hot, creamy, delicious!  When I have strayed to a burger or something else more substantial, I always walk away satisfied as well although, it's not a cheap lunch by any stretch.Not sure I will ever give them a chance to up the 3 Star dinner lens with which I view them.  Too many other, more consistent, options in the price range and vicinity.
2	I brought some out of town guests here hoping to impress them with an uptown dinner.  We left hungry and disappointed.  The food tasted ok, but nothing remarkable.  Portions were small and priced at least triple what you would pay for the same quality of food outside of uptown.  Service was friendly, but slow.  I don't think I'll give this place another chance.
5	food and service are excellent.  booze are a little over priced , but man is that food good.  went there for thanksgiving 3 years ago, had a prime rib.....  awesome.
3	During restaurant week, my friends and I went here for dinner. The food was good. I ordered the pecan crusted trout and peach cobbler. According to my husband, the cobbler was "OK." The trout was delicious and I would definitely order it again. Also, I tried the lobster macaroni, it was awesome and the portion was plenty.  The service we received was poor, as the server was inattentive, lacked understanding of the menu, and was not friendly. I would go back for a special occasion.
5	Amazing!  While we were sitting at the bar waiting for our table the gave us two complimentary appetizers.  Food was great, the drinks even better, but the STAFF was the best part.  A+ all the way from this foodie!!  Ask for Alexandra L!  Best waitress/bartender on the block :)
3	Good food and flavor.  Cold greeting at hostess desk.  Service good.  I would go back.
3	I have been dining at Mimosa for about five years now, since I work uptown, for lunch, happy hour and dinner.  I can say it is always a mixture of good food, average food, good service, bad service, mostly good service....I continue to return because it is most convenient for occasional work happy hours, work lunches and a few dinners...My last experience, drinks and apps at the bar, was yet again a mixture.  The first bartender we had was NOT attentive AT ALL, she did not bring waters, which we asked for, and is crucial for two women who have just left the office and are consuming wine...We ordered the shrimp appetizer and chips and dip.  Both were VERY good.  We ended up ordering a second shrimp.I had to flag down the bartender every time I needed something because she was too busy flirting with her partner, James, who later took over.  I HATE having to flag down a bartender because I feel rude but I needed my wine refilled!  The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is typical of a chain restaurant but still nice and clean.  I would not recommend an out of town business guest to go there, would not go for date night dinner or girlfriends dinner, but would go again for a quick glass of wine and app with a work girlfriend or if it was on work $.
4	Say hello to amazing food and say goodbye to a little weight out of your wallet. The food here is simply amazing. I always start with the Mimosa tea - lemonade and tea mix.Where to start? The appetizers are great, lunch and dinner fantastic.. desserts.. well I.. I want seconds or thirds of their desserts more so than the meal itself. When the weather is nice, sit outside. The decor on the inside is stunning - good for a group or a date night on the Uptown. Lunch specials are around $11-12. Without alcohol, dinner for three can easily dip into the $80-$100.
4	Had shrimp and grits for lunch.  Was not expecting much having lived on the Gulf Coast but was pleasantly surprised.
5	Great thanksgiving feast in beautiful downtown Charolette, n.c.
3	Had the Rock House Wagyu Burger at Mimosa Grill w/ fries lightly seasoned with herbs, parmasean cheese and a hint of truffle oilPretty good, ordered it medium but came out well done, got a free dessert out of the monstrosity. Service was good. Had the bread pudding, lacked the flavor I expect from a good bread pudding but the presentation was nice. Ill have to give this place another shot. Also the decor is nice great place to take your next ex-wife.
5	Passed through Charlotte on a holiday road trip, and found Mimosa Grill on Yelp. Took a look at the menu, and thought it sounded like interesting, delicious food. And it was. Food was fresh, tasty, perfectly seasoned.  Service was just the right amount attentive. If I lived closer, I would definitely go back!
2	i'm from california and did extensive research on food in the downtown area, even though i was only going to be here for a day. this place got good reviews, so i snuck in for happy hour before heading to the king's kitchen for dinner. basically, the only drinks on happy hour menu were a madras for $5 and miller lite for $3. um, not so cool. then i ordered the popcorn shrimp for an app. it looked delish when it came out. i even ate a couple and the sauces were yummy. even the people aitting next to me commented on how yummy it looked. then i saw a line of poop in one of the shrimp. a super gross out peeve of mine. i started to go through all the shrimp and they all had the poop. serving un-de-veined shrimp at such a fancy place?? uck!! i stopped eating. and left. will not return. BUT service was good.
5	This place knows how to please their guests. I ate here with my parents on a gift card I received from work. I had the trout, and my parents both had the pork chop [with a side of mac/cheese] Before the meal we had an cornbread appetizer. All of the dishes were well plated. My trout was good, but wasn't great. I was disappointed because the pork chop + mac/cheese was awesome. The pork chop was moist, thick, and just amazing. The mac and cheese was tasty but different. For three, app and entries came out to $75. Not bad for a very fancy restaurant.
4	We ate at Mimosa Grill for restaurant week this year and loved it!  They offered so many options on their Queens Feast menu, which is nice because I'm a bit of a picky eater!We loved everything we had...the Lobster Mac & Cheese is amazing and the 2 types of fish we got were cooked perfectly, and the deserts were divine!Highly recommend
4	Awesome $20 (including drink) Sunday brunch that not only includes the normal stuff (eggs, bacon, sausage etc...) but also offers about 8 small tapas plates such as southern style eggs benedict, mini omelets and walnut crusted french toast at no additional cost. There is also no limit to how many mini plates you can order. Its all included in the price:) Also noteworthy was the mac and cheese, green beans, sausage gravy and biscuits, various cheeses, glazed ham and heavenly dessert selection complete with chocolate covered strawberries. A few of the breakfast staple items on the buffet were just ok. A bit better bacon would earn them 5 stars from me.  Still, I say it would  be a damn shame to go somewhere like Ihop, when for a few bucks more you can have an epic brunch here.
4	It's a local treasure that may be overlooked in the city of Charlotte. However, make no mistake about it, the Mimosa Grille is a rise above the typical local city purveyor of fusion cuisine. While my experience was derived from Restraunt week have to say that had the bill been full price I would have been glad to have paid the normally expected total for this culinary delight. Beyond the meal, my server was attentive, knowledgeable and courteous to my requests and expectations. My only qualm would be that the hostess was aloof and unconcerned. A common issue overlooked by even the most establishments. If I could offer any advice to the manager is that a hostess is the am ambassador to your production. It's the first person I see and the last person to say goodbye. Please take consideration to the significance to this persons affect on every customers experience and is exreamly important in creating a premier dinning experience.
2	I went here for a business lunch the other day, and as a petite woman, even I was shocked at how small the portions were.  I typically need a to go box whenever I go out to eat, but here I finished my entire meal (trout and potatoes) and was still hungry.  We all ended up ordering dessert and laughed when we saw it.  The $7 cheesecake could fit on a tablespoon!  The service was pretty good in the beginning, but as the place filled up our server seemed to disappear.  He never returned to refill our glasses or bring the missing ice cream that was supposed to go with my dessert!  While the restaurant interior is lovely and the location is great for all those that work in uptown, the price you pay for the small amount of food makes it not worth it.
4	The food was so great!  The pecan crusted trout was um um good.  The potatoes were as they say on the food network; plated too early; not hot.  They didn't spoil the dish but maybe I was hungry.  The shrimp fish and grits were indeed a treat!  We will go back again.  Waitress was friendly!  We ordered the mimosa cocktail and it was okay.  Since the food was tasty it's on the must return list.
4	I came here on a Saturday night and had a really good time.  Our service was fast, friendly, and it was overall a great experience.  The short ribs were unbelievably tender, and I also enjoyed 'the tower' appetizer.  Some of the best non-traditional hushpuppies I've ever had!
4	So I had a friend visiting from Denver, NC and the poor guy hadn't eaten at any of the fine dining restaurants in Uptown Charlotte. I'd been meaning to check out Mimosa for a long time and so that's where we went. Liked the decor - classy and understated; nice lighting and it wasn't noisy (that's an important thing for me - I hate having to hear the chatter and cacophony from neighboring tables in crowded restaurants!)The special for the evening was Seabass and I decided to go for it. They said I could replace anything I didn't like and so I went with asparagus instead of artichokes which is what they were offering. It was an INCREDIBLE dish! Amazing flavors and perfectly cooked fish. Even the portion was perfect (this is usually a grouse for me at these fancy restaurants - I feel like I haven't gotten my money's worth quite often). Just filling enough to leave some space for dessert. They have a nice selection of desserts too. I went for the Chocolate and Mint Torte. It was excellent! Great way to finish off the meal.My friend had the Salmon and a gingerbread-based dessert. He said his food was really tasty too.The service was good too. As is the case quite often, the waitress didn't make it easy to select an entree (which I guess is a good thing because she had wonderful things to say about all the options I was considering!). She was attentive throughout, especially with refilling my water, which I drank a ton of!Overall, it was a very pleasant experience and I'll definitely be coming back sometime.
5	Came here with a small group for a business dinner.  The staff were VERY friendly, professional, and helpful.  They seemed in a good mood and provided very nice recommendations for wine, appetizers, and meals.The wine selection is incredible but, i was disappointed with the tap beer selection.  Normally, I would ding a place for that but, this is the South and, beer is not considered a food staple as it is back home in Wisconsin.  Also, this is a pretty fancy place and, they tend to focus on wine.  According to my colleagues that are very into wine, the selection was quite good.I had the pork chop for myself, which was served beautifully but, a bit under cooked.  I ordered medium rare, it was rare.  They were very prompt and gracious about it - brought me a new one, perfectly cooked, and offered me a variety of other things to tide me over while I waited (it only took them 10 minutes to bring the new one).  It was cooked beautifully, very tender, well seasoned (balanced, you could tell it was quality pork), and it wasn't a "chop"....it was tenderloin meat on the bone...a very nice piece of pork.i will definitely come back!
2	Sounded better than it was. the Waygu burger is all hype and not that flavorful. Waitress was friendly and wanted to make sure I left full, but it was not the foodie experience I was looking for. Maybe I should have got the trout special!
4	I'm just reviewing the bar today.We've been meeting a coworker here for the past few weeks.  Convenient to the workplace...I really like this bar!  The staff is very attentive and, if you wait, you don't wait long.  Good selection of beverages, although I could see a few more tap selections...  No big deal for me at all!The appetizer list a great and we've sampled several!  The Pat's World Famous Popcorn Shrimp are terrific!!  And, the sliders are excellent!Good upscale environment too!  Just a great place to stop by on the way out the door or anytime!
4	I've been to Mimosa probably 10 times in the past 2 years or so.  It's our go-to fancy lunch for new people at work.  Always great.  I've liked everything I've ever had there from the pecan crusted chicken to the asian salad.  Can't speak to the drinks (probably wouldn't be a good idea to slam cocktails at a work lunch), but the food and service is always great.  It's not my favorite place in the universe, the southern-y type places are just not my thing, but I can't deny that the food is deeeelish.Their catering service is also pretty great, and they're very flexible with choices.
5	My wife and I loved our food and the service.  It was a great date night!
4	Just tried Mimosa Grill for Sunday brunch. The buffet selection included eggs, sausage, and French toast; plus lunch items like macaroni and cheese and salmon.The service was excellent even though we were at the end of brunch- water glasses were kept full and clean silverware was brought.I enjoyed our view of Uptown.Only quirk- when we were brought clean silverware for dessert, our napkins were placed on the back of our chair. I didn't realize this.Overall, food, service, and mimosas were excellent; I look forward to returning for dinner.
4	I travel ... a lot. I've been all over this country this year alone and the Mimosa Grill caused me to break one of my dining rules: never eat at the same place twice.Last night we went there and had exceptional food, great service, and enjoyed the relaxing environment. I think my boss -- who picked up the tab and is notoriously stingy -- even liked the price! I had the Low Country Shrimp and Grits and we shared a side of the Sweet Potato Spaetzle. Both fantastic.Tonight, after a day at the convention center, we considered our dining options. "Hey, that Mimosa Grill was pretty darn good. Why don't we walk back to Tryon and take a stroll down the street? If nothing sounds better, we'll go back to Mimosa," I suggested. And we did just that. Tryon Street has the usual suspects: Ruth's, Capital Grille, Hooters, Champions, etc. Nothing caught our interest, so back to Mimosa Grill we went.This time, they topped the previous night's visit. I went with the 24-Hour Painted Short Ribs prefaced with the Pear Salad. Dang this was good. REALLY good! When I was served the ribs, I realized that my knife left the table with my salad plate. No matter -- these ribs needed no knife. A fork was just perfect for pulling the succulent and tender meat apart! And the risotto underneath the short ribs were cooked just right and added a nutty flavor and texture.It's too bad that I am leaving tomorrow, or else I might break another of my dining rules: never eat the same meal at the same restaurant! ;)
4	I'd heard quite a bit about this place from my coworkers (who say to get the burger) but I had the pecan crusted mountain trout on creamed potatoes. The breading while quite good didn't really have any pecan flavor which I've seen done expertly in New Orleans. That being said it was still delicious but that's where they lost a star. The creamed potatoes were a great contrast to the crisp, yet still moist fish.Still, perhaps a bit too pricey for lunch.
5	Fabulous service. Fabulous food (the duck was amazing) and great ambience. Will go back when we return to Charlotte in July. We split the dessert tower among four of us - the desserts are only 3-4 bites 'big' - and I loved the apricot almond but everyone else preferred the pecan tart.
5	This place was so good we ate here twice in one weekend. Our first visit was dinner on a Friday night. Service was attentive and friendly. The cheese platter is fantastic. Definitely try the espresso cheddar! Everything else was great as well and we definitely planned to come back. Little did we know we'd go ahead and wander in again on Sunday for brunch.The brunch buffet here is fantastic. Easily one of the best I've ever had. Not only was there an exceptionally tasty selection of buffet items (delicious potatoes, eggs, sausage, bacon, biscuits and gravy plus lunch selections like mac and cheese, green beans, beef, desserts, etc.) they also have a tapas menu of included made-to-order items. The walnut/strawberry french toast was out of this world. Several different omelets and more. Without a doubt this place earned a spot on our must-stop list of restaurants when in Charlotte.
1	We had a disappointing experience with customer service regarding a group reservation. In fact, they have yet to call back to confirm or cancel. If they can't get a reservation right, what else would have gone wrong?
3	A little pricey but the customer service is great!
4	Dinner food is high quality/fresh and the recipes are interesting.Fresh pear butter and biscuits were a nice bonus.
4	Came here Saturday night with my husband. We arrived around 8pm and the restaurant was pretty empty which we were hoping wasn't a bad sign. We were seated promptly and offered beverages within minutes of being seated. I got a basil strawberry martini which was refreshing. My husband ordered a mojito. I ordered the pecan encrusted nc halibut. It was crispy and delicious. It was served over a potato puree with green beans. It was a good portion. I was full but still had room for dessert. We ordered the apricot dessert and sadly this was my least favorite item on the evening. It tasted old and between my husband and I we didn't even finish half of it. We ended the meal with a couple of expresso and got the bill which was 125$ Everything was worth every penny except the disappointing dessert. But whenever we are in town again we will probably try this place out for brunch, lunch or dinner.
4	Went for dinner with my wife on a Saturday night June 23rd.   This was our first time eating here.  We started out with some drinks and those lovely hot buttermilk biscuts with strawberry butter.  We had the Carolina crabcakes which were excellent.  My wife had the shrimp and grits and I had the pressed chicken.  Both were very very good hats off to the chef.  The atmosphere was so relaxing and the service was great.  We will definitely go back to try some more of the dishes!!!
4	I am so glad we switched from our previous brunch plans to try this place.  For $20 you get all you can eat of the most amazing grits, cedar plank salmon, mac and cheese, shrimp, peach cobbler, pecan-crushed french toast.. I could keep going, but then I would salivate on my keyboard.  Coffee, water, tea included, what??  After 12:00pm (per NC state law) you can have $10 all-you-can-drink mimosas, too!!  The food was excellent, the service was impeccable, if not borderline obsessive, and the free valet parking helped make this a hassle-free, gluttonfest.
4	Stopped in for Sunday brunch - which is a $20 all you can eat buffet.  The buffet was stocked with mac and cheese, smoked salmon, shrimp, grits, and pork loin. There was also a small plates, tapas style menu with dishes like eggs with hollandaise sauce and walnut-crusted french toast. The small plates were INCLUDED in the price.  For dessert, there was bread budding, fresh fruit, a few cheese varieties, brownies, and cannolis. It's a great deal - and yes, I overate.
5	My husband took me here for my birthday meal and it was a total surprise. The tapas menu plus the buffet were both very well done. They have a creole inspired eggs benedict which was very tasty and the walnut French toast was delicious. I think the most mouth watering part was surprisingly the grits and their sauce. Im not even a big grits fan and I found myself getting up for seconds and thirds. Then to just top it off, the great desserts like cappuccino cheesecake and chocolate covered strawberries and I'm done. Very impressed with the happy and helpful wait staff as well overall impressed.
5	Fish and chips were great.  People should not come here for lunch and discuss business.  Enjoy your meal as if it were your last.
5	i had the "LOW COUNTRY SHRIMP AND GRITS"(creamy anson mills grits - sweet peppersspinach - artisan andouille - tasso gravy)and it was delicious.and as part of the restaurant week with a $30 three-course meal it was a deal too.
5	If I were the best brunch in Charlotte where would I be?  Hands down, Mimosa Grill. Bistro La Bon looks like amateur hour and they use to be one  of my favorites.I was beyond impressed with this incredible brunch. First, the spread was huge...Anson Mills Grits with a lump shrimp and sausage topping to  a juicy herb encrusted pork loin to a delicate homemade banana cupcake with walnuts, pineapple cream and  the most fabulous frosting I've ever tasted (so light and airy).  Second, the food is fresh and hot...it's serve piping on skillets and it is rotated often. The green beans were crisp my friends, the do not cook food to oblivion (hallelujah buffet gods!)  If buffets are not your style (which trust me this one should be), they do offer a  made-to-order breakfast tapas menu that is included in the $20 price (it also includes drinks). Third, service is super friendly...our server was so on the ball she gave us the same level of attention as if we were at a seated meal. Never was a drink left half-empty or a stack of plates visible...and I did eat stacks haha. Also, be sure to park in Wells Fargo building 2 because they do validate at the restaurant (via token). My personal favorites were the prime rib which was honestly so tender and flavorful I could cut it with a butter knife. I also drank the heck out of their Mimosa tea which is essentially an Arnold Palmer with a slight hint of orange (and it is very refreshing). I ate way too much and honestly wasn't hungry till 8pm that night, come hungry and you will not be disappointed! I will be returning soon!
5	Love this place!   Southern cuisine with a modern twist!  Great food, friendly & professional service, and great atmosphere.  My favorite dish is the pecan trusted trout.
4	Really enjoyed our brunch at Mimosa Grill!  Lots of yummy selections - the mac and cheese and salmon were absolutely delicious.  Just a heads up though, they unfortunately no longer offer $10 all-you-can-drink mimosas :(  This was one of the reasons we had chosen to go here for breakfast, so we were disappointed to hear that they no longer have this offering "because people were abusing it."  Oh well, still a great brunch.
5	If the main character from Fifty Shades of Grey was a glutenous, food-pushing grandmother, Sunday morning at the Mimosa Grill is where she would be enacting her food fantasies, which involve sitting you down and throwing-down with the most epically delicious (pro)portions of crispy bacon, stringy mac-and-cheese, grits, fruit, quiche, potatoes, and anything else that her culinary mind can think of. Just as you think you can't take anymore, she'll show you things that you have never even thought were possible: made-to-order walnut encrusted french toast (seriously, best french toast ever), creole egg benedict, and whatever else comes to her deliciously profane mind. And you can't but eat anything that she puts before you.Then, just as your eyes role to the back of your head from the sinful pleasure of overpowering deliciousness, she sucker-punches you with juicy chocolate covered strawberries, bread pudding, cobbler, and all kinds of cookies and brownies--if only to tease you of the sweetness that could have been.Needless to say, this brunch will stuff you eight ways from Sunday and have you begging for more. Despite the trembling knees, out of breath gasps, and swears of never eating again, you'll be back. Probably next Sunday. And you'll again pay $20 for the pleasure (unlimited coffee, tea, orange juice included!).
3	Should get 3.5 stars. Was here for DNC-sponsored event. Open bar. Their offering was a bit underwhelming from their entire restaurant group. Bar service was still acceptable. I got empanadas, sliders, and a chocolate mouse concoction. Good place for a corporate event with perhaps best patio in CLT
4	I booked this restaurant for a business dinner while at a trade show, and it was a great choice for the group!  The staff was very helpful, and helped set up our group of 10 people in a nice a nice spot that was fairly quiet and semi private. The food was all very good.  The meat platter as the. Appetizer was reall good - epically the duck which literally melted in you mouth!  The stuffed hush puppies were OK, but didnt live up to th e hype the waitress gave them. I had the scallops, which were done to perfection. The only slight nit I had about e dish was it was a bit over- designed, with a smoked pork wrapped around the scallops, and peaches on top.  I think the food could be a bit more streamlined, but it was really well done.  The wine. If list is fine, but a little short on choices. If you a really looking to have a great wine with your dinner, you might consider bringing your own and paying the corkage. I overall, it was a good experience!
4	This was a nice final touch to my trip to Charlotte.  Almost everything was yummy.  I didn't care for the pecan-crusted french toast or the quiche.  The fish (both kinds), the shrimp & grits, the made-to-order omelet and other stuff that i can't exactly remember several weeks later were delicious.  (I need to take a 3 1/2 trip back to Charlotte so i can remember. :-)  The waiter wasn't very attentive towards the end unfortunately.  But the female who filled our water glasses and brought us a few of the things we asked for was very attentive!  Thank you, lady.  And it was kind of a unique experience having to go thru mild security in order to get there b/c it was right b4 the Democratic National Convention... it added a little cachet and intrigue to the experience, hehe...
5	Great food!  Sitting outside on the plaza is awesome!
5	Though it took me about five drive-bys to find the restaurant (it is exactly where my GPS said, just offset from the street - meaning I did not really look hard enough), the "search" was well worth it.  I was in town for business so I was dining by myself and wanted a good meal.When I entered the restaurant, I liked the ambiance and appreciated the Southern hospitality.  The waiter was even nicer - good conversation but not too much plus great recommendations!.  For my cocktail, I had the Berry-Peach Mojito - yum.  The flavors perfectly mixed and the fresh mint added to the flavor.  Then, the meal - Pressed "Springer Mountain" chicken, braised greens, and Carolina Gold Grits-Risotto. all perfect.  First, I went against my usual to order the chicken (working for a chicken company - I eat enough of it on my own).   However this farm raised bird was perfectly prepared - crunchy skin on the outside, juicy and flavorful on the inside with the lemon-butter to perfectly compliment the flavor.   The braised greens were seasoned so well - a nice kick from the pepper vinegar and, of course, everything is better with bacon!  The Carolina Gold Grits-Risotto was also excellent, of course with soppresatta and goat cheese - how can you go wrong.  NOTE:  I really enjoyed this side - it is much more risotto than grits.The only thing that was disappointing was that I was too full to try dessert.  I know if would have been fabulous!  Well, at least I know where I am going next time I am in Charlotte!
4	This is a really cool place in an awesome part of Charlotte. Came here for dinner and sat in their outside seating area. As with every place in Charlotte, the wait staff was awesome and incredibly friendly. Food wise, I ordered the lobster macaroni and cheese with an order of crab cakes. The lobster mac and cheese was very good, but I've had some pretty amazing mac n cheese from a few other places, so this definitely didn't measure up. The crab cakes were good as well. Nothing crazy, but very good. The scene is a very cool with it being more of a young professional and after work crowd. Definitely would like to come back here during the day as it's probably much more enjoyable if sitting outside. Overall, very cool place.
3	Making a reservation was easy. Arriving early and asking to be seated - not so much. I'm not sure if it was the hostess policy or just the hostess herself, but when I make a reservation for a business dinner for 9 people, I don't understand why you'd make us wait until everyone arrives to be seated. You can assume we'll spend a few hundred dollars and it seems that seating us sooner is in everyone's best interest.Now to the dining experience...our waiter was great. The food was also delicious. The drinks were strong. The prices were reasonable (for a nicer restaurant). The ambiance was quiet and quaint. I'd go back, but probably not with a reservation so I wouldn't have to deal with the hostess issue again.
1	Getting seated wasn't difficult but after that the experience fell apart. We ordered  cocktails and water. The cocktails came in a timely manner but we only received one water. My husband ordered the shrimp and grits and I ordered the grilled scallops with butternut squash. The temperature of both dishes was cool. Almost room temperature. My husbands shrimp and grits were colder than my squash. The service was not professional. Being rushed to get the credit card out after receiving the bill.
4	Mimosa!Man, it's hard to judge this restaurant because I seem to have such highs and lows here! Nowhere in between.I usually come here every week on Sunday morning to get at that all-you-can-eat brunch for ~$20! The food can be hit or miss at times, but the staples of crispy bacon, fried eggs and fresh mimosa never cease to amaze! Sunday brunches showcase some of this place's creativity because certain menu items (the specials, quiches and desserts) constantly change with the week and season. The food overall is just alright, but if you don't want to cook and need a lot of choice (indecisive), this is the place for you. During the week, I come here regularly to pick up my dinner because it's close by and my workday is long. They have a great corporate menu that lets you have a $20 (tax included) dinner that comes with entree, salad and two sides. Your choice is grilled chicken, steak, or salmon with sides of fries, mashed potatoes, green beans, or spinach (can't remember the rest). I will admit, for the most part the taste is rich and delicious, but their execution is so inconsistent. Occasionally the salmon is undercooked, or the chicken charred on one side, or the mashed potatoes liquidy. And once I recieved my food 50 minutes after ordering... but more often than not, I am pleased with the efficiency and quality that I'm paying for. I would say this is a pretty sweet spot for brunch and a convenient place to grab dinner, but don't always expect it to be "like last time."4/5
1	If I could give Mimosa Grill "0" stars, I would.  I made a reservation with Mimosa for my family's Thanksgiving meal in 2012.  I called a month in advance and inquired about the menu.  I was explained all the menu choices that would be available and with Mimosa Grill's reputation, decided to go forward with it.  When we arrived on Thanksgiving Day, the restaurant did not have a menu - it was a buffet.  Never was this mentioned during our 15 minute phone call when I made the reservation.  A lot of people do not like buffets - so this should be made clear!  Secondly, the chef had sizzling salmon on the buffet.  This caused the restaurant to REEK of salmon and therefore every bite of food I took tasted like salmon (which I don't particularly like).  The rest of the food was overly heavy and greasy.  But, hey, at least I didn't gain weight over the holiday.  I believe when a restaurant serves a holiday meal, there is a special trust they must have with their customers.  We choose to trust the restaurant with our most treasured memories. Also, holidays are so booked, we can't leave and go to another restaurant!  Mimosa Grill blew it (although I am pretty sure we will look back at this and laugh).  We did call Zink's (where we ate last year and owned by the same company) to see if they could fit us in.  Unfortunately, Zink's had also chosen to go with a buffet this year (unlike last year)  and didn't have any tables available.  What a shame - I will definitely be more discriminating next holiday, and my sister is even entertaining the idea of cooking.
1	I looked at the reviews and thought this would be a great place for bunch.  Wrong! I don't know how their regular menu food is but their brunch was horrible with a capital H.  $21 a person was way too much for disgusting food.
3	I liked the ambience here and the presentation of the food, but the taste was kind of different and lowered my experience. The first time here I got the chili because the items on the specials menu are only available that day. The chili was unique in some kind of crunch it had mixed in but just ok. This time, I ordered the special of the day which was fish and chips. The fish was huge (plus in my book) but tasted like Captain D's (definite disappointment). It's near my job so I may try this place again to make a final decision on it.
5	The wagyu flank steak is ridiculously delicious.  I don't even remember what else was on the plate but that piece of meat.  I live in New York and haven't been back to Charlotte in a while, but any time I hear someone is visiting, I always suggest Mimosa and the wagyu flank steak.  They also have a complete wine list and the bar is fun and modern.  I was there for a business dinner a while back and 2 different couples got engaged there on the same night so it's safe to say that it is very romantic as well.  Very highly recommended restaurant.  I can't wait for a reason to go back to Charlotte so I can visit.
4	This is the fourth time we've eaten at Mimosa, and we've yet to have anything less than an excellent meal with great service.   The shrimp and crawfish cajun hush puppy appetizers are a great twist on a southern staple.  They're big, but split in half and hollowed out to make way for the Cajun seafood mix.   The grilled romaine is delicious, but a little heavy, with bacon and quail egg.  We had the pecan crusted trout and the blackened mahi mahi, both of which were perfectly prepared, and beautifully presented.   And our waitress Swan was as delightful as she was prompt.   We probably don't try nearly enough different restaurants in uptown simply because we always know we will enjoy Mimosa so much.
5	Okay so I was just going about my day and it dawned on me - MAN, I HAVE TO WRITE A REVIEW FOR THIS PLACE!So here I am, stopping everything to tell you how awesome this place is.  I'm in town for business and wanted a low key dinner by myself.  It had the feel of a Firebirds but with a farm to fork mentality that was out of this world.  I had an autumn salad and - I know what you're thinking, "really?  This girl is getting excited about salad?"  Yes, yes I am.  It had thinly sliced apples, bacon, goat cheese, crispy black eyed peas and a lemon pepper vinaigrette - simply amazing.Then I went for a side of sweet potatoes in back fat gravy (is that even what that's called?  I'm a Northerner by nature but wow, I walked back to the hotel practically skipping because of the complex deliciousness) and a side of cremini mushrooms and goat cheese (another standing ovation). Overall, I may drive to Charlotte again just to go back.  Wow!
4	People from work love to come here, and their food is actually not too bad. I enjoyed the classy ambiance and the open kitchen. I'd recommend people to come here for a business lunch or a lunch date- the prices and atmosphere are perfect.My favorite dish is the Asian salad, but their lunch specials are usually pretty good. If you are heading there for lunch, try the pot roast: the beef is so tender that you can cut with your fork!
4	Have been here for dinner, brunch and one of the cooking classes.  Over-all the experience is very good - the food is a good mixture of traditional Southern Cuisine, elevated to a level of fine dinning which you would expect as a restaurant of this caliber.  They are very committed to local, sustainable, and organic food, which is always a plus in my book.  The one criticism I can have of this place, is the service can be a bit off sometimes.  Overall, it is a very good experience, and I would recommend.
5	Out with a bunch of food colleagues, we called at 730pm to make a reservation at 8; they were totally accommodating.  Noticing we were running 15min late, I called and they were still pleasant.Upon arrival, we checked coats and where shown to our table w/in 2 minutes.  The dining room was 75% full.Our waiter, Andrew, and I hardly say his about a waiter, worked our table with perfection.  Being seen when needed, suggesting menu items that he liked over others, and was just plain honest, no smoke. Many kudos to him.Three chefs and three food brokers dining.  We order their appetizer tower designed to our needs.  Kitchen executed w/o issues.  The crab cakes, mussels, hushpuppies and charcuterie platter were perfect.Entrees varied from scallops to Scottish salmon to the catch of the day.  We all shared.  All foods were prepared extremely well.  Only caveat was my spinach was sandy and gritty.We ordered an array of desserts; all presented nicely and we suggest the butterscotch parfait bread pudding.This was my third time visiting Mimosa's this year and I tell every one what a surprise I have had each time having lower expectations and a getting superb experience.Try it, ask for Andrew and enjoy the experience.
2	Very overrated, in my opinion. I'm assuming it's getting high marks because of the focus on some low-country food. Atmosphere is not that unique, elevator music. Food is fine, if not spectacular. Service was innattentive, not-very-knowledgeable. Alot of better options uptown.
4	Came here for lunch with colleagues and found this place to be a great recommendation. Solid service and tasty food during a busy lunch service. Decent southern fare which included shrimp and grits, barbecue flatbread, and autumn salads.  Definitely would return.
3	After cocktails in the bar, our party of 10 was seated in the middle of the restaurant, close to the kitchen. Loud and servers all around us. We started with the Tower, which included lobster mac& cheese. Crab cakes, seafood mix, and mussels. The Mac & cheese and seafood mix was good, however, the rest, not worth it. As for the entrees, we ordered a good variety with mix reviews. The trout seemed to be liked, however the shrimp & grits was heavy and the mahi was bland over a really bad and overlooked jambalaya. Overall, everything was ok.
4	lobster mac & cheese, and pan seared muscles!  nuff said!
5	My first visit to Mimosa Grille was many many years ago for prom. I picked it out for our group of ten. Everyone loved it! At the time we were teenagers and had a large group, but we had the best service. The food was also amazing. Every time I eat here I have the duck. I just cant help myself. Their appetizers (especially the tower) are delicious. It is a bit pricey and with it being uptown can be a little confusing to park. They do offer complimentary valet parking (tip them please!) and they do validate your parking. Lat time Dan and I went we didn't park in the right deck, however we went out for drinks and by the time we left parking was actually free. They do serve lunch if you want to be a bit more conservative and just try it out. But I do recommend dinner, trust me the food is worth it. And I recommend the duck!
4	I have attended a few events for my college at the Mimosa Grill. It's a great and elegant place to have a group event. The food is amazing and service has always been great. Recently I went to their BBQ event. It was all you can eat for $24. I went to see a musician play who is amazing. The crowd was very engaged and everyone seemed to be having a great time. Although I didn't try the BBQ I also had a great time. $2 beer specials and live music on a beautiful Sat evening. Cant get much better than that.
3	Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Great for brunch buffet! All you can eat flat rate $30 2) Polite service, though you'll have to get their attention if you want anything done3) Great location and plenty of spaceCons:1) Nothing special...the food is meh (maybe because we came here during a Sunday brunch buffet)2) Don't know if I'd have paid $30....I barely went up for seconds
5	I went here for a work lunch the other day and everything was excellent. We ordered the appetizer tower that came with mussels, crab cakes and fried green tomatoes. It was all delicious. The mussels were my favorite part. I ordered the Mediterranean veggie wrap with a side of sweet potatoes. It was perfect :). The location is nice too.
2	Took my parents here for brunch on a Sunday. First of all, decor is classy, but the carpet near the windows is torn up and stained. A place that gets this much traffic *absolutely* should have the extra dough to spend on replacing the carpet. So, that gets a low mark in my book.As for the brunch itself, it was very Charlotte. That is to say, what you'd expect Charlotte to do well, it did great. It failed in other categories. What was good: the grilled salmon was phenomenal. I think they used hickory. Just awesome. Eggs, green beans, mac and cheese were all above par. Another VERY UNUSUAL offering was smoked salmon with caviar garnishes (chopped eggs, red onion, capers). Is this a dish that is unique to Charlotte or the south? (I liked it, although I would have MUCH preferred to eat my caviar garnishes with caviar (including blini and sour cream).) For dessert, there were giant chocolate-dipped strawberries. Also unique to this place is the all you can eat made-to-order tapas menu that comes with brunch. The walnut-crusted French toast with mixed berries was sublime. The classic eggs benedict was good, not great.What was bad: they had an appetizer selection of cheese and fruit that was unimaginative, unappealing and un-quality (yes I made that word up to get the point across). Generic cubed hard cheeses and melon and strawberries that were under-ripe and looked like they hadn't been vetted for quality. The shrimp and grits was absolutely awful: a soup of gravy, some overcooked tomatoes and you had to fish around for the damn shrimp. The prime rib was overcooked and dry. The cobbler dessert had mushy apples, as if somebody had just tossed them into a pot and left them out in the sun for three days. The brownies and lemon tarts looked generic and store-bought.The service was very good - our server took care of business and was perfectly charming.So, this looks like a three star review. Why two? Well, the price was $21. For a dollar more, I could go to the Omni and have a proper brunch with an omelet bar, *real cheese,* fresh fruit, free fresh-squeezed orange juice, farm-raised bacon and sausage, and fresh bread pudding with vanilla creme anglaise. In fact, I think that's exactly what I'll do next time, thank you very much!
4	Mimosa grill is getting ready to change and update its menu for summer (June 19) but, I had the opportunity to try their Colorado lamb loin on the bed of spinach with empanadas on the side.  It was seasoned very well, cooked medium rare, and was delicious.  The wait staff were very fast in anticipating my needs before I even asked.  Overall, a very good meal in a relaxed, urban setting.
4	Mimosa is another classy dining establishment in the heart of Charlotte. It's great for a business lunch, or a nice dinner. They also offer brunch, but as expected, it's pricey. The food is consistently good. Fresh flavors, interesting pairings, and they really have something for everyone. I very much like Mimosa, but don't frequent it as I (personally) prefer Ruth's followed by Capital Grille on the rare occasion we like to splurge. Though, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. It's great for a special dinner celebration. It's upscale and while not formal, somewhat dressy. However, business casual probably best describes it.
4	Saturday night early dinner.They have an outside patio that overlooks a court yard. Nice view! Don't worry it's covered and has ceiling fans for a steady breeze. We walked through the inside on our way to the patio. It was beautiful cool and dark. Romantic evening anyone? There were 3 of us dining. To start we  ordered 3 appetizers.Tomato SaladLobster Mac and CheeseHush Puppies Stuffed with SeafoodAll three were very good. There was enough for the three of us to share. Tomato salad was very fresh with raw peas and a yummy creamy sauce. There was a cored green tomato breaded and fried. Balsamic drizzle. realistically it could have been a bit larger. I mean how expensive are cherry tomatoes!  It was Yummy!Lobster Mac and cheese was delicious and creamy. It had big chunks of juicy lobster. The cheese sauce was divine. It was served in a cast iron serving dish. Hot! The pasta was orecchiette which can stick together. Maybe they should have tossed it in the sauce a few more time. It was still very good.The stuffed hush puppies had craw fish and shrimp in a tasty sauce.  Very good!For entrees there was a Trigger Fish special which quickly disappeared. Two of us had the fillet Mignon. I ordered medium rare and my husband ordered medium. Of course they mixed up the plates. There was a size difference in the steaks. He ended up with a very thick big fillet and mine was thinner and smaller in diameter by at least half. Odd to say the least. My smaller piece had a chewy hard section.  My husbands was wonderful and he ate it all. The steaks come with 2 standard sides. A cast iron rectangular dish with cheesy creamy mashed potatoes which they brown on top which for the most delicious crust!  The second side is grilled peppers onions and squash. YummyI tried the signature margarita. $13 my advice skip it. There is free valet parking. Of course please tip your valet. Our food server was a little odd.  Not much personality but maybe she was having a rough night it was a little warm to be running around outside. Humid! Now it is a little bit of a walk from the valet parking. I overhead our food server giving wrong directions back to the valet parking. Maybe she was new. Who knows.  There are a few steps here and there so people with mobility issues please be aware. Overall nice place. The food is fresh and most is locally grown.
3	Only went there during happy hour. There was a great drink selection, but it was so crowded the service was not great.
4	My husband and I checked out Mimosa Grill for the first time during Summer Restaurant Week here in Charlotte (which is still in process). We've seen the restuarant in passing and I work in the area so I see it while taking walks and never thought to go inside.WHAT HAVE WE BEEN WAITING FOR?? Is all I can say...Our first course included:Hummus with veggies & olives plus grill pita bread&Season Salad with FRESH tomatoes, carrots, etc..Both were AMAZING, the Hummus was so tasty and the pita bread had a very nice char taste to it. The dressing on the salad was so GOOD that it made me want to rub my finger through the bowl and lick them :-)Our Main Course included:Pecan Crusted Trout over mashed potatoes & haricot verts&Herb crusted Salmon over fresh sauteed sweet corn with cilantro and veggies.There are no words to express how FRESH both entrees were and how many flavors were involved with each. They were both very pleasing to us.Our final Course Dessert:Cheesecake&Peach Cobblese with BrownSugar IcecreamWe are not big dessert eaters however my husband demolished the cheesecake which was pretty tasty, the peach cobbler crust was good (seeing that we both are not into cooked fruit, we just ate on the crust with the ice cream which was a SCORE)..I enjoyed my dinner so much that I walked over for lunch the next day and had a Hummus Wrap which was AMAZING. I really like this place, the only reason they didn't get a 5 STAR out of me is because I have to ensure they are consistent. Once visit doesn't amount to 5 stars, nor does two visits. I need to see them under pressure (service, cooks, etc..) so I will wait until I visit with a large group and see how fast, professional, and good the food is and if they pass I will update my review accordingly.
5	Absolutely fabulous. Our waiter, Adam, was great. The food was great. I'd go back here in a heartbeat.The heirloom tomato salad may be the best thing i've ever eaten.
4	Dear NC - I love visiting and EATING! We came to Charlotte to visit for the Beyonce concert and no better way than to end a girls weekend before a roadtrip home than BRUNCH! I made reservations earlier in the week - but not sure if they were necessary. Unlimited brunch. $4 Mimosas. FOOD AMAZING. Tapas style selected dishes that weren't on the buffet. Everything was just really good and fresh.I will definitely make it an effort to visit again when I head back to Charlotte. Probably try dinner. Wish I had made it to dinner for Restaurant Week but Beyonce was calling!!!!!!......I don't know why the low rating but I know brunch and will say this place could come to DC and never been empty. Would've given 5 but our waitress was MIA most of the time, I assume bc it's buffet, but I always had to ask for her to get refills or more tapas selections.
4	We went here during Restaurant Week and really liked it.  Everything was very fresh - farm to table concept and they support local farmers.  The heirloom tomato salad was excellent.  They were able to accomodate our food preferences and ensured my entire meal was gluten free.  I will definitely try this place again.
4	I heard from a couple of people that the fish and chips Friday special was something I needed to try and they were not wrong. Thankfully we were able to order our special around 12:50pm because by 1pm, they were all sold out. The service was great and the food was delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to a friend.
5	Mimosa Grill, when you find it behind the vibrant inner city party scene of Charlotte is one of my favorite New Southern Cuisine spots with impeccable service, creatively presented fresh seafood and a yuppy vibe that feels good.
4	Decent lunch spot, good fried chicken special on Wednesdays. Gets pretty busy for HH as well. Salads are fresh and a good portion. Fast seating, good service.
5	This review refers to their brunch. I have never been here for another meal, but the brunch is excellent. Overall, it is my favorite brunch spot in the city. I love to go in the spring or fall when the weather is nice, so I can sit on the patio. They offer a buffet and unlimited small plates for $20. You can also upgrade your meal to include mimosas. The buffet is delicious. I love the shrimp and grits and the Mac and Cheese. I also like the way they provide the bacon. It's in a large pan and they have pieces that are crispy and pieces that haven't been cooked as long, so you can pick the option that appeals to you.  In addition to the buffet, they also offer several small plates: omelets, French toast, etc. I like being able to go to the buffet and to select items that are prepared for me. The restaurant has a very appealing atmosphere. This is the first place that I take people for brunch. It's a great experience and a great value.
3	Service was good except they forgot to give us the basket of biscuits which we received promptly after we asked for it. The fried oysters were a disappointment. the breading fell off and they seemed under cooked. The lamb was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The dumplings that came with it were mediocre as was the cheesy creamed spinach. The short rib was tasty served on a bed of potato hash also good. The peach cobbler was not made with fresh peaches and should be skipped.
4	I went to Mimosa Grill for the first time last week, during lunch. Because it is located in the Wells Fargo atrium, it is advisable to make reservations for lunch during the week, because it can be quite busy! The interior is beautiful and relaxed chic. I had the hickory grilled steak and parmesan frites. I didn't care for the mimosa steak sauce that came with it, but I never use steak sauce, so take that for what it's worth (served on the side). The flank steak was served sliced and cooked as I had requested, and was topped with a gravy/sauce of some kind that was phenomenal. The frites were good too. My dining partner had the trout, which he had on a prior visit and was pleased as well. Our server was attentive but not intrusive, the manager came over to check up on us; the service was above par. For dessert I had the chocolate ganache cake and my lunch partner had the chocolate bread pudding. It is important to note the prices are on the higher side for lunch; with most running between $13 and $15.
4	I loved the interior and its very relaxing after a long day. The menu has a lot of variety, all great dishes but a little pricey. The mussels were incredible! A series of appetizers and great company made it a great night. It can be busy so make sure you have your reservation and get there a little earlier. You can take a walk around uptown after dinner to work off the wonderful dinner.
4	Great service, great food. Website menu was out of date as they change items regularly.
4	I like Mimosa.  The food is pretty good, and not overpriced.  I like the bartender too.  Good selection of local beers, and nice overall atmosphere.
4	Great food and great service! We went for dinner with 3 teenage girls. They had seen Parmesan truffle fries on an online menu. Typically that's only a lunch item. The chef gladly made it for them at dinner when they asked, though! Everyone loved everything they got....but the Brussel sprouts were off the charts!! Would definitely go back!
4	I come here fairly often for drinks and have had dinner here a half a dozen times. The food is quite good, a bit heavy for my tastes but typical southern cuisine with all the sauces/butter/oils that implies.   The atmosphere is nice and the service is always quire good.
4	Fancy place. Very friendly service, excellent presentation. Ordered blacked fish, very flavorful. A bit pricey for sure. Would go back and try some other dishes.
4	Solid lunch spot. Be sure to sit in the sunny front room- the hostess tried to put me in a booth near the back, but the front is where to be. Large windows overlooking Tryon and the Wells Fargo Plaza. I had the Carolina Coastal Catch for lunch last week (artisan andouille sausage, jambalaya, baby peppers, green beans, tomato butter) which was delicious. Perfect place for a lunch meeting or to catch up with a friend- or in my case, an impromptu lunch date. I'll be back soon.
4	mimosa pros: beautiful restaurant the ambiance was on point. great place to take a lovely individual. the staff was great. very knowledgable of the menu and beer/ wine selections.  the chefs there really care about the food.  the quality that goes into a farm to fork based restaurant defiantly shows. mimosa cons. not the best place for a vegetarian minded individual, but for restaurant week what can do and cook on the fly. some of the deserts could have been better, overall I will surely add this place to my go to's.
2	First of all, the decor is very nice, and the service is great.  But none of that is any good if the food isn't up to par!  And, the food is NOT up to par.  I ordered the Rock House Farm Artisan Pork, which turned out to be teeny slices of unseasoned chewy pork loin layered with collard greens, some mac and cheese, a cube of fried pork belly with a greasy dab of something they call Arkansas black apple sauce. The collard greens were great, and the mac and cheese were great, but the rest was not worth eating.  All for $27.  Folks, pork loin is not expensive, and should always be tender and bountiful.  And don't give me a cube of fried pork belly and call it braised smokey bacon.  The Arkansas black apple sauce makes me never want to go to Arkansas.The two stars are based on the nice decor and excellent service.  But the food was not so great.
4	Folks, hands down this has to be one of the best brunch spreads in Charlotte!!! I met some girlfriends here for brunch on Sunday afternoon. I scored a parking space on the street but they do offer valet and there are plenty of parking garages. The inside of this place is gorgeous. There's plenty of beautiful tile work and it's all windows in the dining area so you'll have a great view. In the warmer months, there's even a lovely patio section! For Sundays there is no regular menu! It's brunch or nothing! But that was totally fine with me! It's one price for all the brunch and tapas plates (mini omelets, french toast, eggs benedict) you can eat.  That brunch bar is loaded! It's got everything:Mac and cheese (cheesy goodness) A Grits Bar (Yep! There are tons of toppings like ham, cheese and bacon crumbles to add if naked grits aren't your thing)Smashed brown potatoes (like hash browns but 10x better) Peel and eat shrimpBiscuits and gravy (mouthwatering good) Herb Crusted Prime rib (tender and delish) SalmonBacon and Sausage EggsShrimp and Grits The grits were nice and creamy! Just the way they should be. And the shrimp were tossed in a gravy sauce mixed with andouille sausage and spinach. With just the right amount of spice and flavor...I could eat this every day!Chili (forget everything you know because it's freaking fantastic) Whew! I'm sure I'm missing a ton of things but it's more than enough variety for you to make sure you leave full and happy. What the heck are you waiting for? Oh and if you somehow manage to have room left after sampling all those goodies....they have chocolate covered strawberries! Yum!
5	Went here for dinner last weekend Saturday. The food was great the service was great. Would love to go there Again and try everything on the menu.
4	Ny strip grilled over a wood fire with the squash casserole... on point!  One of the best spots in uptown Charlotte
3	Disappointing. My wife and I came here to celebrate her birthday, but the slow and unresponsive service negated the romantic ambiance and decent meal. Considering how empty the restaurant was the night we were there, it shouldn't have taken 20 minutes for us to get a plate of bread and 2 glasses of water. The food was good, but not particularly memorable. While we enjoyed the Lobster Mac n' Cheese, the scallops I ordered for a main course were bland, and my wife was equally unimpressed with her chicken dish. When time came to order coffee and dessert, we headed up the street to the Capitol Grille. Mimosa Grill boasts a great Uptown location and an elegant atmosphere. But with the wide selection of outstanding dining options in Charlotte, I wasn't sufficiently impressed to go back.
3	Overrated.  Food just OK.  I had the grilled salad to start.  Nice smoky flavor, but mostly kale and radish with some pumpkin seeds.  Nothing I would get again.  I had the fish special which was blackened Mahi on spicy chili flavored rice.  Just fair.  I had the pecan pie desert which was not that good.  I wouldn't go back.  I wouldn't recommend this place or their food.  Also overpriced for the boring food I had.
5	Man, I rarely give out 5 stars...check my history you'll see...well, I'm giving Mimosa 5 stars.  I don't wanna say it's begrudgingly, but it kinda is.  I'm one of those where 'nothing is perfect and there's always room for improvement'  thank goodness I'm not a teacher.  Anywho, I'm going to go for 5 stars instead of 4 simply b/c this was the best meal hands down that I've had in Uptown since I moved here.  Better than Chima, 5 Church, Aria, that awful BBQ place I can't remember the name of..the list goes on.Lobster mac and cheese.  Good HUGE hunks of lobster, I only ate a bite or two at the restaurant b/c it was very very creamy, and I have issues with dairy.  I know, why'd I order it...did I mention the huge hunks of lobster?  Seriously there was a whole claw that was still in tact.  I went to town on it when I got home and could verify it wasn't going to upset my stomach.The asparagus - yum, it had a very smokey flavor.  It wasn't your standard grilled asparagus.Finally I had the hush puppies.  This...now let's take a minute here.....it's actually a hollowed out hush puppy with a shrimp filling that is all kinds of yummy.  Oh, it was just the bee's knee's.  I'm totally doing this place a disservice with the description above b/c the hush puppies were on point.  And very unique.  Oh and for dessert, a mini pecan pie with chocolate chips.  Yummm.Our server was also excellent.  It was just myself and a friend and we are quite chatty and so was our server.  So I liked that too.To recap - I'm giving them 5 stars...so Mimosa Grill please don't let me down next time I visit you.
5	Best brunch that we have had in our 10 years in Charlotte!  Mimosa Grill offers everything that you can possibly ask for in a solid brunch restaurant: - Valet Parking - Outdoor seating to enjoy our beautiful Charlotte days - Lovely decor...upscale without being too 'stuffy' - Reservations (even for small parties)- Excellent service - Very friendly and attentive.- Delicious coffee - Brunch-friendly adult beverages (Mimosa's, Bloody Mary's, Belini's) - FOOD!  Hot, fresh, delicious, and great selection (without being overwhelming!).  Hot and Cold Breakfast foods, FABULOUS Shrimp & Grits station (NOT to be missed), carving station, nice selection of lunch items, breakfast pastries, and desserts. - "Small Plates" menu - Small servings (Tapas) of cooked to order items such as omelets, benedicts, and french toast.  Order one or sample them all!  They also have a quiche of the day.  Tapas items are included with the buffet price.  -  Value for the price.  WORTH. EVERY. PENNY.I've already made our reservations for Mother's Day!
5	fantastic! great service, atmosphere was lovely and the food was delicious! went in for a quick dinner last night and the brought over warm rolls and recommended a few entrees. I started with the beet salad and would highly recommend it! pretty large portion for an appetizer salad. had the salmon for my main course and it was cooked to perfection! would come back here next time I'm in the area!
4	Went out to eat with a co-worker and friend over the weekend. I had a gift card and we used it here. The food was excellent, I ordered the garlic fries to start and that in itself was a full meal. My entree was the filet and it was cooked perfectly. My friend's meal was also excellent as well. The service was top notch and we will definitely be coming back.
5	Brunch here is great. Buffet style, as well as special tapas selection list. Great bloody mary's and of course mimosas. Delicious!
3	I was disappointed with the quality of the food for the price. But a positive was that they have a good drink selection. I also do really like the environment of the restaurant.
5	Wow I have to say this place blew my girlfriend and I away. Everything we ordered had such a unique take on it, and was incredibly fresh and prepared beautifully.We both had cocktails, both were delicious. Started with the strawberry salad, light and perfect. The server then brought their house made biscuits with honey butter... WOW. I could've made a meal out of those. They melted in your mouth.Then we had the meat and cheese platter. We had the spicy coppa with goat cheese and feta (I forget which of each). Probably my favorite part of the mean. They serve the platter with crackers, fresh fig jam and honey. Pairing that with the cheese and meat was to die for. I'd go back JUST for that.We then split the stuffed chicken with their brussel sprouts. I'm a fan of brussel sprouts but these were like unlike any I've had, they were cooked to perfection with honey, walnuts, bacon, and other deliciousness. Get them, hands down. The chicken was perfectly stuffed, not heavy handed just the right amount of everything. Super tender and juicy! The chicken just fell apart in my mouth, I'm smiling thinking of it.All in all this place is amazing. I can't imagine anyone not finding something they love off of this menu.
5	Excellent brunch buffet and fantastic place to have dinner. The inside is comfortable and is really fun for a date night or girls night out. The brunch was amazing and filling. The food is spot on with flavor and the way it's prepared - perfection. Plus, complementary valet....who would turn that down?!
4	Always a good meal at a fair price here.  The staff knows how to take care of you like a true guest!!
3	This place was just ok. I had the lobster mac and cheese but some of the shells were a bit over cooked. The cheese sauce wasn't anything spectacular just felt like a regular mac and cheese sauce. I feel this could be such a great dish but it was just okay. My husband had the slow roasted bbq pork flatbread - it was good but a little too sweet and a little too much cheese. I KNOW... TOO MUCH CHEESE? NEVER! But seriously when it comes to pork and cheese together there is a limit. DON'T JUDGE ME!The best part was that if you are staying at the near by Marriott then you get a discount.
1	I went here for Sunday brunch trusting all the good yelp reviews.  However, I was extremely disappointed.  All the food was cold and clearly had sat around for a long time.  The servers were not friendly.  I politely asked that they bring out some hotter food and I was told "we are working on it" and the employee turned away.  Some "hotter" food came out 20 minutes later but most everything was still cold.  I called back later in the day because for $40 I expected better.  The manager disregarded my feedback, did not follow up, and clearly did not care.  My advice? Stay away unless you have extra money for cold food and bad service.
3	Friendly, excellent service.
4	Food and service was good. There was nothing standout though. The waiters didn't know the wine list very well, and the facility is nice, but feels very corporate.
3	Definite points for service--we were a large group of over 20 people for dinner. The food was quite good, overall but the portion sizes were not. I had the Beet salad (not many entree options for vegetarians) and mushrooms. My group had a variety of items from crab cakes, lobster pasta, grits and shrimp to steak and cobblers and they were all satisfied.
4	Wow this place was pretty great. Came here for a work function so we had the back patio to ourselves which was amazing, because it overlooked a beautiful courtyard. We got to sample a lot of the appetizers and everything was so exquisitely prepared. Truly a delight.
5	It's a little pricey, so if you are going to brunch...make sure you are not hungover. There is a wide variety of brunch items and everything that I tried was top notch. I only had two plates, and they were mostly full of bite-size amounts. If I had been in normal form, I would have stayed for a few hours and stuffed myself silly. The coffee is delicious. The wait staff was very friendly. We sat on the outside patio since it was a lovely spring Sunday morning. Note: Alcohol is not served until 12pm. Make your reservation accordingly. :-)The prime rib was the best prime rib I've ever stuffed in my gob. The horseradish cream was perfect. It's worth going just for those two items. Well, and the little biscuits. And the southern gravy. And...and...and...It's worth it.
4	Checked this place out on a weekday for lunch. Was pretty busy but we were seated right away. Great selection of dishes on the menu. Was hard to decide what to order. Decided on turkey sandwich.. Very good, large portions, had leftovers for dinner. The $2 up charge for Parmesan truffle fries is worth it!
4	Mimosa Grill is a branch of Harper's, another great, classic American bistro. MG rotates their menu seasonally, so even though I work nearby and stop by for lunch and dinner, they pride themselves on offering new, fresh selections all the time. Their bartender (an older, professional gentleman) is talented, cordial, but not always attentive. Their salads are unique, filling, fresh, and seasonal. They have an extensive top shelf liquor and wine selection. If you're not interested in alcohol, try their sweet tea--it's a Southern Arnold Palmer (half lemonade, half sweet tea, all yummy)!
4	I really like the Mimosa Grill as it has a lot of things going for it: food, atmosphere/decor and location. The place is an Uptown favorite! I have been with the banking lunch crowd, on a dinner date, for Restaurant Week, and for Thanksgiving. Every time the food has been great! The place is known for its lobster mac & cheese, although I have never had it, the people I dine with usually get it. They put a giant lobster claw sticking out of it so it looks ready to attack your fork!Their cocktails are very good and they have a nightly drink special so ask your server- I know with the Sunday brunch they serve $3 bellinis and mimosas.It is usually brand liquor during the drink specials too, which is an added bonus. They offer a bar bites menu too if you want a little something to go with all those cocktails. It is a little pricey depending on what you order. This is a great place to go for a power lunch, corporate dinner, date night, drop in cocktail after Alive After Five, nice dinner if you are staying in a neighboring hotel, or place to go when your parents are in town. It's a win-win all around!
2	I wasn't quite as impressed with this place as everyone else seems to be. I ordered a chocolate martini which looked and tasted like a first time bartender made, not to mention, the glass wasn't close to being full. I had the lobster Mac and Cheese. I only found a few tiny pieces of lobster, one with some shell still on it. The Mac and Cheese wasn't anything special either. Our drinks and entrees took so long we asked for our checks as soon as the food came out, then had to physically track down a manager to take our pricey checks. Maybe they were understaffed or having an off night, but I won't be back.
5	We were in Charlotte the week of July 13 and patronized several restaurants. On Tuesday, July 15 after visiting Enso's in the Epicenter for a gathering, we decided to try Mimosa Grill for a late dinner. We were seated immediately and sat near the windows overlooking the outdoor seating area and a courtyard. It started raining and the ambiance was perfect for an evening dinner.My wife ordered crusted salmon with mashed potatoes and greens. I decided to try the lobster mac & cheese and roasted mushrooms. WOW! I'm glad I did. Our meals arrived quickly and the lobster mac & cheese was served piping hot. However, the other items were lukewarm. We informed our waitress and she immediately took our items back to the kitchen. Several minutes later, the food arrived and everything was nice and hot. My wife stated the salmon was excellent and my lobster mac & cheese and roasted mushrooms were to die for.Though our waitress suggested many dessert options, we were stuffed and decided against dessert.The excellent customer service, great food and the late evening ambiance was a perfect way to close an evening. I highly recommend the Mimosa Grill.
4	Went with a group of 10 people for Charlotte Restaurant week. (twice a year you can try some of Charlotte's best restaurants 3 courses for 30$) Mimosa prides themselves on being a Farm to Table restaurant. So thats why we chose Mimosa. If you like vodka and ginger beer you must try the Moscow Mule. It came served in a nice copper mug. This was sooo good, I could have easily drank 5 more. LOL. My meal started with the lobstah mac n cheese. This was loaded with big pieces of lobster and creamy cheesy mac. I felt like it might be a bit too buttery (yes buttery) as what I had left was huge pool of it in the bottom of my dish when i was done. My friend had a hummus plate and it was probably the best hummus I had ever had. That appetizer was a winner! I also had the Short Rib as my entree. This is very much like an updated version of beef and noodles (which is my go-to comfort food)The Ramen noodles tasted homemade and the broth with the veg was delish. The beef was very tender. For dessert I had the pecan pie. It was a small tart with a dollop on maple tasting icecream. Very refreshing. The only thing negative I would say that some people in my party ordered extra sides or apps and they came out at different times then us ordering just 3 courses. So therefore we had finished our entree and others had'nt even gotten theirs yet. Awkward service. Hence the reason I only gave this 4 stars.  Overall we would go back again as the food was fresh and yummy.
3	Service was fast and courteous. Shrimp and grits was great... However, the lobster Mac and cheese was "fishy."  The waiter quickly adjusted the bill, so other than a couple of funky tasting bites of food, no harm no foul.
5	Amazing service, fantastic ambiance, incredible food, knowledgeable server.  What more can I say?
5	The first time I have ever asked my server to get me the recipe for a dish! The Carolina coastal catch is hands down one of the best dishes I've ever had. Great place to celebrate our anniversary!
4	A beautiful location in uptown Charlotte. Get the Sunday brunch. Awesome! $3 mimosas on Sunday, even MORE awesome, and the bartender even allowed me to sub cranberry juice for the orange juice. Oh yeah, the buffet is really good too. Cheese, fruit, bagels, biscuits, muffins, eggs, gravy, grits lox, chilled shrimp, salmon, halibut, steak, and more and more!Its not cheap but for the sheer amount of options available it is certainly worth it.
4	Great atmosphere! The food is good, service is good and atmosphere is great! I had the hush puppy shrimp appetizer and they were ok. Could have been much more flavorful though.
5	Being a NY'er in Charlotte, I miss a lot of restaurants.  This is one that I always like going to.  It has a great bar, great brunch and seasonal menu.  The staff are attentive, but not intrusive and they really try hard all around.  I appreciate the effort and the mix of Southern staples and seasonal dishes keeps me coming back.
4	This is the higher end spot we go for lunch since it's close to work and always the spot to take a new employee or celebration.  Also a nice way to impress a client for a business lunch.The prices are fair for the quality of the food, service and presentation (~$11-15). They have daily specials and a catch-of-the-day as well as flatbreads, sandwiches to cover the level of hunger.  Desserts were a little small, but I guess that's a good thing so I don't come back to the desk with a food coma. Too late - food coma it is...
4	High end feel at this uptown farm to table restaurant. Definitely works for an intimate evening out or a large group. I love that you're encouraged to customize your meal! We had the filet, and flank steak adding some super yummy brussel sprouts (the best I've ever had,) and two perfectly grilled scallops!!! We finished with the blueberry cobbler. My only complaint was that the steak on both of our plates came out luke warm, while the side potatoes were too hot to eat. The overall experience was amazing, due in large part to our server Lindsey!
4	I tried their soup and salad combo- house salad and tomato bisque. Both tasted fresh and great. Bit on the pricey side since the serving amount is quite small. The lemonade was too sugary and not at all refreshing. Great outside patio.Overall, you do get the fine dining experience and treatment. Servers are attentive and check-in with you. Good at refilling your water. It was an enjoyable dining experience for me. I think this a great place for lunch meetings, meet-ups, and date night.
4	I only stopped in to get a night cap (dessert), so I may not be the best to write a review. However, I am docking a star because there was only one bar tender working, so it took him forever to address me, run my card, etc - and this was just for a slice of pecan pie. With that said, the restaurant was nice - good location and great ambience. My pecan pie was delicious as well - it came with an ice cream that tasted of bourbon. Very nice pairing. I got there as happy hour was finishing up, but it seemed like it was the place to be for local finance execs.
2	Just ok food and service is not the greatest.  It took a long time to seat us for lunch, and it took even longer to order and get our food.  Their chicken sandwich was ordinary and the fries came out a little cold.  I think you would be better off grabbing lunch from Chicfila.
4	Great service and nice staff ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,cheap drinks and expensive food but good
4	I took a group of 26 to dinner last night, and we were in the private room.   We had a happy hour party in the pasta bar with with appetizers passed around .  We then proceeded to the private dining area which is glass enclosed. Great atmosphere. The food was delicious. We especially enjoyed the crusted trout.  Service was good and friendly.  This was my biggest customer and taking a group out that large can be very stressful. I'm always worried that everything will not go perfectly.  It was everything that I had hoped it would be, and I would definitely recommend Mimosa Grill.
3	Went here for the first part of a date-night that concluded at Fahrenheit.  The atmosphere was great, nice and quiet restaurant with an up-class feel to it.  Wait staff seemed to not be overwhelmed but for some reason took quite a bit of time to wait on the table.Ordered 3 appetizers to start the night with.  We got the small Jambalaya, the Brussel Sprouts and the P.E.I Mussels.  The Jambalaya was great and the rock shrimp were cooked perfectly.  The rice was at a great texture and the sausage really added to the flavor profile.Brussel Sprouts were nice and crispy, served without sale (had to add some).  Good order with them.VERY disappointed with the Mussels.  I am from Maine and have been used to the freshness of these mussels.  The mussels were all open, but seemed to have been cooked to fast.  They were not firm, lacked flavor, and in all honesty, it seemed like I was eating a cooked clam and not a mussel.They took the mussels off the bill which was nice, but the waiter seemed to delay any response to our table afterwards.  A manager did come to the table to see what was wrong with our order which was nice.Could have been a 5/5 stars if the mussels were cooked fresh and properly.  Great atmosphere and quite a few quality selections to choose from on the menu.
5	Had dinner with a colleague on a Tuesday night after a long day of meetings.  Sat at a booth at the bar so that we could spread out with our laptops (needed an outlet).  Antonio (our server) was great... Left us to focus on our work but checked in with us enough to ensure our wine glasses were full and that we had enough good (and dessert).  He even took it in stride when I called him by the wrong name (Alejandro).  :)We both had the pecan crusted trout, which was very good.  Had the pumpkin bread pudding for dessert which was also very good.Definitely recommend... Even better is that if you are staying at the nearby Hilton Garden Inn or Hampton Inn, you can ride the free shuttle there and back (provided by the hotel).
4	Had my birthday dinner here with a group of 13 and it was great! Service was prompt, portion sizes are ridiculously big and the food was tasty. Started out with the lobster mac and cheese (delish), some ordered salads and my mom ordered the sausage flatbread (delish). Soooo, the chef sent out my mom's flatbread and 5 minutes later the waitress comes back with another one, a bigger one! Compliments of the chef bc he thought the first one wasn't big enough (looked big & good to me lol). Now that's customer service. Entrees varied and all were pretty good! Hubs wasn't a big fan of the short rib entree. The potatoes that came with my trout was pretty sweet like maple. Overall,  everything else was pretty good, especially the appetizers and small plates! Great atmosphere, great food and great service! Will definitely return! Thanks for a great birthday dinner Mimosa Grill!
4	Surprisingly quite (except for our table) on the Friday before the ACC championship game. I would imagine this place would be hopping after work! The atmosphere was great for the young crowd to hang out. Most had the filet, I had the lamb, and one other the salmon. All were cooked to perfection except the lamb. It was a bad cut with lots of gristle that I couldn't even cut through, so three sizable pieces couldn't be eaten. The Tiramisu Chocolate Martini was with the whole trip to Charlotte!!!  We may have ordered a few extra of those.
3	The waitress was pleasant but the food and drinks was not the best. Mayb because I'm West Indian and I'm accustom to well seasoned food. The lobster macaroni and cheese tasted bland and the drinks were not strong enough. My over all opinion is this place is over priced for what is being served.
4	Great experience.  The menu has a great selection, even for my pescatarian diet.  The Trout is their signature dish, which has been on the menu for 20 years.  It was amazing and came with a huge portion of fish.  Their signature appetizer, the hushpuppies, are also filling.  Go here with an appetite!  Great place for a family/business dinner.
5	Excellent service! The majority of their products are locally bought and the prices are reasonable for the quality. Some of the wines are arranged where a certain amount of the proceeds are directed to a local food bank. The lobster mac-n-cheese is an amazing start to your meal, especially when it's cold out. Definitely recommend the lamb or the pork on a bed of southern smoked greens.
5	I had a great meal with friends had drinks they had all we wanted! The staff was great not rude like the kings kitchen the food was great! thank you so very much! I shall keep coming back! Come here leave the kings kitchen food is great looks great staff out of this world!
4	Pretty good lunch spot. Lots of professionals. Good environment. Had the salmon, and it was quite good.
4	Wonderful atmosphere. It feels reasonably upscale. The food was good, but a little overpriced. The portions were not big enough for the price and quality. The service was fine. Nothing to complain about, but nothing to really gush about. I'd definitely wanna try out some other nicer restaurants uptown before heading back.
