4	Nobody's reviewed this place yet?? Probably because nobody knows it exists. I didn't know myself. I could barely even find the place.What a cool divey bar/restaurant. I along with my coworkers all ordered burgers and they didn't disappoint. While not the best burger I've ever had it was moist and delicious. Apparently the burgers are saturated in Burgundy while on the grill which gives them their flavor.Fries do not come with, which is always annoying, but we ordered a mix basket with onion rings and fries and it was quite tasty. Only down note; halfway through the meal my coworker claimed he found a long hair in his burger that he swore up and down wasn't his. Being a self-proclaimed "goat", he ate the burger anyway. I know this would warrant an immediate look of disgust and a one star rating by some....but shit happens. Hair gets in burgers. I'll give the place the benefit of the doubt. But if you are repulsed by such things, I would encourage you to come here anyway if only to have a drink, the place is pretty cool.Oh and they do not accept credit cards, so bring some cash if you do not want to be charged a $2 fee from the ATM offered inside.
4	Been going to Harvey's for years.  The place is a dump, but it is my kind of dive.  You have to get the Wineburger.  You won't be sorry!  One of the best burgers I've had.
1	Ok, first time I was here was for lunch. I had the cheeseburger and it was one of the best hamburgers I had ever had. Noticed the pool, darts, pinball, golden tee, and ancient bowling game and thought I would take my friends back there and share this incredible place. two days later, for dinner and drinks, 3 of us went in and saw only one person working on a Friday night. She was cooking, bartending, handling money, scratching her head, shaking hands, cleaning bar tops, running dishes, etc.... did I mention she did not wash her hands once during this whole time? We ate our dinners, disgustedly, thinking how an inspector would shut the place down immediately if they saw it. She was entertaining, all over the place, yelling, throwing things, etc. I'm pretty nieve, and didn't know until my buddy told me that she was on meth at that time. So there we have it, a restaurant I thought would be a new favorite with a methead bartender that doesn't observe any food safety laws or regulations.I'll be getting my hepititis c test next week. (joking.... kinda)
1	So me and my buddy (coworker who is hourly) decide to go to lunch today.  What's the catch?  We don't know where to go.  We decided to go somewhere we haven't tried before that was off the beaten path. Enter Harvey's. Er, well, actually we did the entering.We get into the place and it is a narrow bar with a line of tables to the right. We sit. We wait.  Finally, after much gab, the Waitress/Bartender comes up to our tables and says 'Hi' then proceeds to stare at us.  Anticipating the usual question 'Can I start you guys off with something to drink'  I order an RC cola and my buddy does the same.  She recommends the Cheeseburger so thats what we get.  I also ordered a mixed basket because (FOR SOME STRANGE REASON) fries aren't included with the burger! THIS IS AMERICA PEOPLE!!!!!Along with the burger and fries, we got a lot of time to chat.  and I mean a LOT.  They sure are generous with time!!! Eventually, I ask her to put it in To Go containers and they give us the fries and cokes free.Also, just a side note.  Please eat your food before coming on to Yelp and reading reviews about the food you are eating.  Some of these reviews almost made me vomit... almost.
4	OK so I went with Chris T. here and here is the thing. . . I have a rule when it comes to food establishments and this place does follow suite. Most often than not the little mom and pop shop hole in the wall. . (( and this place is what I consider a "dive / hold in the wall". . )) usually have really good food. So here is my review. And I will have to break it down into categories. ---------Environment:****Here's the deal. If you enjoy tennis, chess, and polo. This "aint" your spot. If you are comfortable with wobbly tables, hard chairs the sound of beer bottles tossed into a trash can .  .then keep reading.  Harvey's Wineburger reminds me of Stag's Head bar. In case you don't remember that's the name of the place on Dukes of Hazard? Ok well the waitress was no where near the same looks as daisy but she had a mom and pop shop charm about her. Smiles and jokes were readily available. Chris T. and I were rather excited about possibly finding a new "joint" to hang out at and writing a good review. I ordered the Cheese Wineburger and Chris ordered the Super Cheese Wineburger. She mentioned something about the fries and onion rings because we would get more for cheaper or something. I didn't really hear but Chris said sure and that was good enough for me.  ---------The Wait: ---------**As we walked in the door it we found a dark bar with a grill on the left. We sat our selves hoping someone would notice. There were a couple people in there that looked like regulars chatting away about something to the line cook and I think that is what our down fall was. The food was late and the waitress right off the bat apologized as she gave us our to-go bag as we requested after franticly watching the clock. She tossed in the drinks and fries for free because of the wait.  There was a long wait for the order. I believe it was the cool jibber-jabbin to the regulars that hung up the order. ---------The Food: --------- *****If it came only to the food I would give this review 5 stars. The burgers were stacked high like it was going for a photo-op.  I like my fries a little crispy and thought they were perfect. I'm not into soggy fries. I have to make a comment on the other reviews. These are the ones about the lack of hygiene comments. This is referring to one night that they were extremely understaffed on a Friday night. I have to ask you if you ever worked in a restaurant.  I hate to tell you but that is more common than you think. Even when I worked in a 4 star restaurant at a resort. Ever watch Hells Kitchen.  .yeah. . Stick your finger in my food and see if the meat is done. . Thanks. .I have to say I have not made a final thumb up or down. Next time I go there for lunch "and I plan on going back" I will call ahead and order. My only issue with this place was the wait for the food. The staff was friendly in a down home manner.  The food was really good, and my only issue was the wait. ---------Over all score: --------- **** look for another review at some point. I'm not firm on this. I will have to see if the time service issue is the same next time. Until next time. . keep the groove and be cool.  .
5	This place is The S%&t!!!Yep, it's a dive and the sanity level can be questionable BUTThe burgers are awesome, in fact there is no need to order anything else.  The grill stays on so long as people are ordering food.  I have never once gotten sick from eating here.  They have a good pour, not crazy and not chintzy.  The price is right, there is ample parking and the staff are friendly.The jukebox is a great deal.  I dare you to put a 5 in this eclectic machine.  Your selections will be playing long after you leave.I would not ever recommend Harvey's if you are on a time constraint.  This a place outside of time for you to hang back in when you have the time to hang.  It's laid back, sit down and let the bartender know you are there.  Everything else will take care of itself.
5	People really need to understand where they are going and the role the place is supposed to fulfill.  I find it funny that all three of the negative reviews mention how the food was great and the environment is chaos.  That is what they do at Harvey's.  Apparently everyone who went got Polly, who is ridiculously hilarious and a lot of fun, not on meth, not drunk, just really interesting from the chemicals produced inside her own head.  Personally, I prefer Monty, he is a sarcastic fifty-something Midwesterner who cooks one of the best burgers I have ever had (sorry, better than Polly), mixes a mean Manhattan, tells awesome stories and will simultaneously insult you, shake your hand and discount your drink.  When the bowling game is functional it promotes awesomely competitive tournaments and if you take over the jukebox the moment you arrive you create your own ambience.  Bring a friend, split the Super Wineburger with Cheese and an order of Chicken Fingers, leave happy.  Wash, Rinse, Repeat as desired. The only reason I would consider bumping it down a star is that I am normally a devout beer drinker and they only have Budweiser and something (I believe coors) light on draft.  Don't care, cheap cocktails and Midwestern bitterness save the day.
5	this place is sooooooooooooooooo GOOOD.the drinks are awesomely cheap, and they have an atm to take out all of your money to spend on so much booze because they only take cash. monty is probably the coolest bartender to have ever walked the earth, and he always tells us he missed us whenever we come back. he tells us strange anecdotes about his life, that are hilarious and involve things that would probably send most people to therapy. and he makes the BEST burger i have ever tasted. seriously the best burger i have ever tasted. the best. the onion rings are so good too. all the denny's waitresses from down across the street come hang out after (and before?) work. they have a couple of pool tables, and this sweet-ass old-school bowling game that costs like, a quarter and is old and made of wood, which instantly makes it awesome. and it sounds awesome. AND! if all that wasn't enough to make this the greatest bar ever, they also have twilight zone pinball, which is THE BEST PINBALL GAME OF ALL TIME. we have won so many free games on that thing. everyone probably gets weirded out because we play pinball wizard by the who on the jukebox while we play.except one negative. whenever monty (awesome) isn't working, some other cracked out babe works and she always closes the damn place at like 1, which is SO annoying (we're talking fridays and saturdays here--monty stays open til at least 2 even on tuesdays). and she always forgets our change and orders and everything else, really. and makes us feel like we're cracked out just by watching her.basically, just go when monty is working (he looks like the guy painted on the wall next to the smoking area).
4	I have been wanting to try this place for a while once I realized that it was actually still in business and not an abandoned building. My friend told me they had great burgers and I was like damn that place is open.  Than I figured I would give it a shot because I love a great burger and supporting local independent businesses.    The cheeseburger was great.  It looked like the standard size is 1/3 lb.  It had a great char on the outside and nice and juicy on the inside.  I got the mixed basket of fries and onion rings which is enough for 2.  If you read some of my previous reviews you know I don't like to share fries so you know this was a big size of fries and onion rings.  Another great thing is that it was inexpensive $5 for the cheeseburger, $4 for the hamburger and $4 for the rings and fries.  If you watch Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network they would refer to this place as a Dive and I think the people their would not mind.  The entrance was a metal door that didn't even have a door knob.  It was really dark on the inside and like most places in central Phoenix it was a small space.  It took about five minutes to get someone to notice us.  Once we got the attention of the waitress she was apologetic and seemed very nice.  The booths were really small and seemed to be made by someone who got a C in shop class.  The funny thing is about half way through our meal my girlfriend and I noticed that it was an about a 99% AARP crowd, even the employees.  I guess only the cool Gen X and Y know of the place.  I will definitely be back again and again!!!  P.S. BRING CASH BECAUSE THEY DON'T TAKE CREDIT CARDS!!!!!!
4	I have read the reviews on here, and decided to chime in.  First off, I like Harvey's.  Do I go to Harvey's all the time?  Nope.  But I enjoy the burgers and the simplicity of the place.  I have probably been there 15 times over the past 3 years, so this is a culmination of all of those meals.Everyone talks about the decor (or lack thereof).  The inside of the place is DARK (especially when compared to most places in Phoenix).  When you leave the place during the day, make sure you have sunglasses.  After your eyes spend so much time adjusting to the lack of lighting, the sun feels like inmates coming out of solitary confinement for a month.  While the decor gets 0 stars from the Zagat type crowd, I find some sort of enjoyment with how beat down it is.  In fact, if they spruced it up, I probably wouldn't like it as much.  It is a true dive bar.The service isn't great, but it isn't what I would call bad.  It isn't like they screw everything up, but it is a bit slow.  If you are in a hurry to eat (like most Americans on lunch hour), then maybe you should go to McDonald's across the street.Finally, the burgers.  They are great.  Quality meat, good cheese, and plenty of char.  I never found the food unsanitary, but I have also been to Brazil, so the food here is always more sanitary.  I am not a fan of the fries (got to Delux, Gordon Biersch, or Cafe Bink if you want truly great fries), but the onion rings are good (not as good as Ted's Hot Dogs, though).  I love the fact that they have RC Cola.  I have only had drinks there 1 time.  They make them stiff, and will impair your judgement quickly if you aren't careful.  They have a heavier hand in pouring than most college bars.Overall, I recommend it if you like dingy bars and a good burger.  Sure, there are better burgers in town, but this is pretty unique.  A little more seasoning could be used, but it isn't bad the way it is.
4	Running errands near Camelback a few Fridays ago, I found myself STARVING, yet having several more stops on my itinerary. The Yelp application on my iPhone (insert shameless plug here) showed that Harvey's was right around the corner, and with a swing of the wheel, I was pulling up to their dilapidated storefront. Being alone, I bellied up to the bar, which was packed at 2:00 PM on a Friday. I still had work to get done that afternoon, so I had to stick with an RC Cola (yes, you read that correctly.....RC Cola). Let me just tell you that I was the only person in the place that didn't have a beer in hand. Happy hour (and the weekend, apparently) had arrived early at Harvey's. Just a quick moment on the very eclectic crowd that filled this place. On my left were two appliance repairmen. On my right was a gentlemen that was pushing 80. At the pool tables were a group of what looked like college kids. Their common bond was the beer they were all putting away. I immediately made plans to return on a coming Friday afternoon, with friends in tow, and be a part of this very diverse, day drinking crowd. Now, onto the food, which is why I stopped by in the first place. I wasn't sure what a "wineburger" is and I can't fully say that, even now, I understand. All I know is that I ordered their standard wineburger and that it was grilled fresh for me, right at the bar. The burger took about 15 minutes to cook and I could pretty much watch them prepare it. The same person that took my order (and delivered beers to all my fellow patrons) prepped and cooked the burger. It was fresh ground meet, pressed into a patty and they regularly pressed it into the grill with her spatula. Ultimately, it was served up on a fresh bun, which crisp lettuce, onions pickles, and melting cheese. Let me tell you that this burger was FRESH. Grease was still dripping off the sides of it. There were cracks in the edge of the burger, where they had been pressing it down into the grill. I actually had to wait a couple of minutes to eat it, as it was still TOO hot. I'm not sure of where you're going to go and get a burger that is cooked that fresh, right in front of you, and then immediately handed to you. Probably one of the freshest hamburgers that I've ever had prepared (in which I wasn't actually grilling it myself). The onion rings were straight out of the boiling oil and too hot to eat. (I'm sure my doctor does not approve of this meal). All the condiments I could ask for were delivered promptly. The burger was hot, with just the right amount of grease, and full of flavor. This was as close to home-made as you can get.
4	Yup, I'm a fan!!  Seriously, how have I never been here.  My friend used to live in the area and she told me about 6-7 years ago that this place was good.  It just looks kinda scary from the outside.  I mean I felt like once I walked in, the music would stop and everyone would look at me.  I climbed that mountain and finally visited with the BF last Friday.  We almost turned away because we didn't have cash on us, and didn't feel like hitting the ATM inside, I mean we got back in the car, talked for a second and then said what the heck!  Walked in to a tiny little place with a LONG bar!  There were probably 4 people at the bar, and 3 people in the game room playing pool.  They had the classic MLB game on, it was like Blue Jays and Astros, funny uniforms! It was maybe 2pm.  So the bartender says, What can I get for you?  My dumbazz says "Can I see a menu", this is where the music would have stopped.  WHOOPSY, there really isn't a menu, its kind of like a snack bar, where you look up, make your choice and its done.  Burger or Dog, Fries, Onion Rings or both!! DUH!  The bartender was nice though, I wanted draft the BF wanted bottle so he suggested I get a small pitcher, it's the cheapest way to go...SOLD! Don't have to pull my leg, thats for sure!  So, I ordered the cheeseburger, and the BF orders the gigantic chili burger, which was reduced to the smaller one by recommendation of the friendly bartender. BF sort of put up a fight, but the bartender assured him it would be plenty and if not, the next one was on him.  This turned out to be plenty for him, and I was thankful too, we had a long night ahead of us.  Much to our surprise, although I'm not sure what else we were thinking, bartender grabs a handful of meat slaps it on the flat top smooshes it down, and thus our burgers were born and cooking.  I mean, for real?  Man it was soo good, greasy yes, but everything a burger should be!  The last bite of course was the best, it had me looking for my other half, since I always cut those suckers in half.  I don't eat burgers often, but I can't wait to take my dad here, I might have finally found one place in town he's never been too.While we were finishing up, a couple came in and sat next to us, who appeared to have just finished a golf game.  They ordered shots of Patron, I don't know how we got out without doing one with them.  The lady on the other side of us was getting her car washed next door so she said she comes in every time.  It was funny because the guy next to her, was hitting on her, and instead of asking her what she did for a living he asked her what her talents were!!  FUNNIEST thing ever!  Anyway, great place, great dive bar atmosphere!  Casual is as casual does.
3	This is one of those places that is hard to quantify. The atmosphere is dark, dreary and dirty and our waitress was tweeking.The burgers are very good, no doubt about that. Every else sucks though; the  fries are bland, even the soda tasted stale and watered down. I can't comment on the beer as I didn't have any. There's nothing like a good dive bar/restaurant. Unfortunately, this is just a dive minus the positive adjective. The burgers are good enough to merit a 3 start in my opinion.
3	Wineburger is one of those places you know you can go to when you need a decent bite to eat at a fair price.  The cheeseburger is decent - standard bun, lettuce, tomato, pickles, and cheese (no onion for me, thanks)... but little flavor.  My lunch companion said she tasted the flavor of the red wine but I couldn't.  The fries were surprisingly good, and the basket was enough to feed at least three people.  My iced tea was strangely bland, watered down, and sour, but not entirely unpleasant.  Our waitress was really good, though - attentive, friendly, and all-around pleasant.  Another important thing to note is they are a cash-only establishment.  They do have an ATM, though.  I don't think I'll ever find myself craving a burger from Wineburger, but if I find myself around 16th St. & Camelback without any other options, I'll likely stop in for a quick bite.
4	If your looking for ambience or atmosphere, turn away. If your looking for a fantastic burger then this is your bag. I'd recommend takeout, that way you can enjoy the awesome burgers in a nice environment. When I first walked in, I felt like I was in Cheers and WAY out of place. I'm no rookie to the local hole-in-the-wall restaurant, so it didn't bother me so much. I ordered the normal Harvey Burger. The bartender/cook/probaby owner or something, pulled out the patties (which had been marinating in red wine and garlic, yum) and slaps em on the flat top grill. He then squirts on even more red wine as the burgers are cooking. I don't recall the price, but it wasn't too bad. Overall, great burger.
3	This is the second time that I've been in this place and it hasn't changed in the last few years.  This place is a bit on the scummy side but the burgers are good.   I'm sure there are better places to go but the prices are fair and the service is always friendly.   I'm a fan but it will be another few years until I'm back again.
2	This is what I call a real dive bar. And truth be told I like to find a hole in the wall or dive bar to sometimes escape to. Yet I'm certain this one has probably seen better days. The bartenders are nice folks, the regulars I met were pleasant people and even friendly. The well liquor is rather bad, so I guess that makes the happy hour prices fair $2.50 for well drinks & $2 for beer. They serve food but I didn't try anything. Overheard they were having some cooler problems so I decided to pass. Most of what is on the menu will set you back about $8 bucks. But I saw that their burgers are hand formed not the frozen pressed blocks of beef so they might be as good as some people report.They have really nice TVs and a few of them if you wish to watch something. But even though I want to like the place for being a dive bar steps from Camelback Road and holding on, truth is I have been to better dive bars with better menus and well drinks. Hang in there Harvey's.
3	Interesting place - the bartender and cook were so friendly!  The burger was good, but not great!  The locals at the bar were quite a mix of people - interesting for people watching...
4	Don't let the looks fool you, the grill is great here. The Reuben is as good as any I've had. I like it here to get out of the bright desert heat and have a cold draft to cool my heels for a few. The specialty is the Weinburger grilled 'ground chuck soaked in wine' on an ample bun. They've been around for a long time for a reason; lots of personality.
1	That old bar smell.This goes way beyond dive bar.  I commented to my friend about the couple on barstools, 'those two are "leaving las vegas'!"   Does any establishment need 40 taped up signs warning the would-be patron of their rules:  "NO CREDIT CARDS" --and someone wrote by hand, 'EVER'.  and "NO GUNS" and multiple "NO SMOKING" I ate the burger and I lived, though the meat tasted old I figured it was soooooo overly cooked that I probably was safe....Jesus!  I just read the review about them having cooler "problems".
5	The menus are greasy.The burgers are greasy.They only take cash. Real cheese.They'll let you drink the cooking wine if you ask nicely/persistently.The beer is cheap.Good soda syrup/carbonation ratio. Monty is A W E S O M E. Sleazy, sad, and mostly dark. The bottom line here is that this place predates your Delux burgers, Fatburgers, Vig uptown or downtown, or bougie artisan pizza joint by possibly a thousand years. Alas, this is true Phoenix- the Phoenix that existed when we were acres of orange groves, palm trees, peacocks, canals, and farmland. Way back when Phoenix was modestly larger than Palm Springs and a burger was a burger. And if the state of affairs at Harvey's bothers you, well, then it may be time to look inward my friend. :)
4	Yes, it's a dive bar. But it's one of the most interesting dive bars I've ever been to.They only have 2 beers on draft, and only about 10 items on the menu. But it's just such an interesting place to hang out and play pool, darts, pinball, or the old bowling machine.The staff are always very friendly (although some are a bit more wild and crazy than others).All in all, the best dive in Phoenix.
2	Recommended by a co-worker, and out looking for some grub I decided it was worth a shot.  Definitely a dive as described, but reasonably full so I stayed.  The service was a little slow, and the food kind of blah, but the cheese wineburger was decent if bland.  The chili cheese fries came out on a huge plate and the fries were not great, the chili tasted like it came from a can, but the cheese and onions were real and fresh.  I didn't realize it was RC Cola, which I did not enjoy, but the price was good and it was an interesting place to sit and people watch./overheard "I don't do anything downstairs!"
1	Kind of a depressing dive bar - not really my kind of hangout.  If I liked the burger, I'd recommend only ordering it to go.I went with a patty melt, and was not impressed.  The whole cooking with wine concept may seem like a good idea, and it does make for a slightly interesting flavor, but I wouldn't call it good.  Aside from the wine flavor, the meat wasn't very good anyway, just like the other fixins and the fries.  Combined with the atmosphere and general grungy feeling (I don't know how sanitary the place is, but I wouldn't bet on it passing inspection), I definitely won't be back.
4	As the saying goes, don't judge a book by its cover...we walked into this place having many stereotypes like oh man, its gonna be a dive bar or u know...we're gonna be the only asians eating at this place, but it was GREAT. The lady at the bar was extremely nice and she even cooked our wine burgers right in front of us! Might be a poor man's version of benihana but whatever! still worth it! Definitely worth going, we went there everyday for 2 weeks straight, the wine burgers are delicious, and surprisingly so are the chili dogs! and very economical too! Awesome place
1	I am a dive bar expert.  I love me a good dive bar.  The darker and older the better.  The surly regulars on the fringes of society are my people.This place is shit.  Not 'The Shit'.  Actual shit, as in a piece of crap.We ordered wings, after the bartender bragged how they were the best in town, and the regulars started laughing about how they just cooked a bunch of fish they caught locally in the frier, and that our wings were gonna taste fishy.  Not in a "we're fuckin' with you" way, but more of a "we have no sense of self" way.Homo say what!?!?They did taste fishy!  We each ate only one.  Everyone was having a great time about it.  We left an entire plate of uneaten wings, and nobody gave a shit.  Fine, no problem.  We finished our beers and left.Even if the wings weren't trouty, they were way too big.  Bigger isn't better in the case of wings.  They aren't actually buffalo wings, and shouldnt resemble some bloated and abused fictional beast.  They should be from chickens.  SMALL CREATURES CALLED CHICKENS.The end.
4	Dive bar with original bar food.
3	I've only been here twice and both times have had a good experience! The guy who we ordered food from was friendly, kind, and prompt. I think he could tell we were newbies, in fact, i'm sure he could tell. We ordered drinks, and then later ordered burgers and a side of onion rings to share. The onion rings were super delicious (i may be biased though because they are my favorite fried food!) and the Burgers were pretty darn good too for a dive bar. I think everyone should at least give them a chance if you like divey bars, good drinks, and yum-bar eats.
5	This gets a 5 Star Dive Bar rating because it excels at things that make dive bars great:1. Cheap booze.2. Great food. Also cheap. Go for the burgers.3. Jukebox with a solid 70s, 80s, and 90's selection.4. Games. Pool, darts, and a vintage bowling arcade.
4	Now accepts plastic!  Now accepts plastic!  Did you hear me?  Harvey's now accepts plastic!I've lived around the corner from Harvey's for a little over 4 years now.  I had lunch there once in the mid 1990's, and went in to watch a Suns playoff game a few years back when my friend was decked out in Spurs gear and we were nearly lynched at Half Moon.  Quick lunch with a girlfriend who was in the mood for a burger about a year ago.  While I love, and I do mean LOVE a good dive bar, this place scared the crap out of me.  I'm young, not hideous, female, and not of the meth-head variety - so not only did I not blend, but I felt targeted.  Sad, really.  The ONE bar within easy drunk stumbling distance from my house, and I wasn't happy going there.  During a weekday for lunch was more or less okay.  But evenings are when the freaks come out.  And I don't mean the freaks like me.  I mean the dangerous crazy ones - not just the fun crazy ones.  There's a difference!Well, enter the new roommate.  He was disinclined to believe my review, and insisted we go.  I resisted until late Saturday night, when he came home at 1am and insisted I get dressed so we could go there for an hour.  Maybe I was tired.  Maybe I needed a change of pace.  Whatever the reason, I gave in, got dressed and we walked over to Harvey's.YAY!  According to Echo, the bartender (yes, it's her real name.  her parents are hippies like mine), the owner has been working hard to improve the place (read: clientele) for over a year.  It shows!  Echo is three shades of awesome - the perfect gal to be running the bar!  Easy smile, quick wit, great sense of humor and the talent to mix a great drink while cooking any of the grub from the menu.  She is a one woman show and pulls it off like a champ!June drink specials included $2.00 Beam 5 Star bourbon, Yukon Jack, and I don't remember what else.  I asked for a bourbon and coke, the roommate asked for his bourbon neat.  (Brave - cheap bourbon *needs* to be cut with something!).  The pour is solid and consistent  Oh, and did I mention you can get a mixed drink, anytime day or night for just two bucks?  For $2!!Two drinks for me, two shots for him, a beer chaser for him and a cheese wineburger split between us.  Under $14!!  Holy hell, it's cheaper to drink here than it is at home!And at home - we don't have the entertainment of the other patrons.  Like Cowboy who would do the splits on demand.  And suggest my roommate go through the needed steps for a game of "rodeo" with his girlfriend. You just can't make this up!Oh - and he bestowed slightly drunk me with a new nickname.Apparently, I am a "prick ass bitch."  I don't know how he meant it, but I am taking it as a compliment and will wear it with pride!Oh, yes.  I will certainly be back!  A LOT.
4	A solid 3, maybe 4.   I'll go 4 just because of the overall visit (friendly staff helped rate, burger not).  Here's the rundown.Dive Bar, yep, that's good!   No pretty decked out chain or Sdale trend concept.  Ordinary bar, check, TV's with the game on, check.  Friendly wait/server staff, check (really nice hard working folks).  Did I say really nice hardworking folks (really good to see in this day-and-age).Burger (the focus of my quest).  Just good, not great; darn it all, I was hoping for the meca of Cow.  3 on the Wheeler Rater sadly enough.... A better bun could have brought up the rating.  The cow itself was good, but not something that I'd remember; again, darn it!  Oh, the frys and onion rings were good....I'll come back.  I like the place and the "feel" of it.    It's withstood the test of time, so my rating won't hurt the place:-)
5	Best burger in town for the price.  A well cooked 2/3 lb burger for under 7 bucks.  Good potato salad as a side.  Sort of a dive, but friendly, with two pool tables.
4	This place is great! The staff is very friendly & the food is great for the price. Not to mention awesome drink specials ($3 for Grey Goose anyone?), and the bartender pours with a heavy hand. Very eclectic music and fun arcade games, though we didn't play any. Being it a dive bar, I had my reservations of the clientele in the place, but when we all joined in for a group rendition of some 80s love songs, I knew it was all good.
2	This is a GREAT place to come to hit rock bottom after a long night of drinking.The first time I wound up at this place I was already plastered and someone thought it was a good idea to pop in here for "just one more". It was fun because we were messing around in the game room adjacent to the bar and dining area. They have pool and shuffleboard and this VERY old retro bowling game with plastic pins. It really was good times. They have a good jukebox and we wound up slow dancing to "Wonderful Tonight" with the smell of rancid grease in the air right as it was last call. Not quite as enjoyable when you're sober and/or it's still daylight.  I've been back a few times and each time have thought "God, how did I end up back here???" We actually came for food and drinks one time. Against my better judgement and because no one with me cared to intervene, I ordered a chili dog. Needless to say my intestines were doing gymnastics for the next two days trying get the horrid thing out of my system.  So I strongly advise against eating here. I am by no means a healthy eater but I think I've discovered my grease threshold here at Harvey's. Much like a trip to Walmart at Christown, I always feel a desperate need to bathe after I visit Harvey's. The drinks here however are VERY cheap. If you're short on cash and just need to knock back one or two you'd probably be OK here.
5	Came here one night after dinner at Durant's. COMPLETELY different scenes but this place is fun. Great service and cheap drinks. If you're looking for a high-class joint; this def aint your place-but if a chill neighborhood bar is what you're after, I highly recommend it.
4	I don't know how you people can hate on Harvey's. Do you not want a place to go to when you don't want to try hard ... or at all? It's cheap. It's fun. It's the one place I would go in public wearing Uggs. Sometimes I just want to go somewhere where the real alcoholics hang out, or as I like to call it: judge free zones. If you are a lady and are relatively attractive (ok, if you are a lady), someone is going to buy you a drink. Maybe even several drinks. Sometimes that is nice. Sometimes that is creepy. You get both kinds at Harvey's. Get what I am saying? I carry a knife/wine bottle opener and some mace for protection when I come to this joint. Not kidding. Once I couldn't find my little wine bottle doohickey, so I brought an actual kitchen knife. You just never know.Yes, my friends think I am weird. Back to Harvey's. I only have one gripe to pick. The new jukebox. Songs are sometimes a dollar. One song ... one whole dollar. What are you, iTunes? Give me back the old jukebox where songs were 25 cents.Also, I don't care what anyone says. Harvey's burgers are freakin' awesome. Sometimes I crave them and then feel sorry for myself.
4	Just to be weird, I have only gone here for lunch. With Groupons.All I can say is that a) the burgers are good b) it's so blatantly anti-yuppie that its actually appealing, and c) I need a leisure suit and a mid-70's Dodge to do this place right.
5	Been there a ton of times over the past 30 years. Same great burgers and fries, people, choice of bud and bud lite...  Its a dive. Great place to go for lunch but maybe not the best place to impress the ladies. 8)
3	I've passed this place hundreds of times, and finally came here for dinner on a Saturday evening.  This place is an unapologetic dive with a unique charm.  They do have a fun "game room" with a pool table and other bar games.  The menu is fairly limited to burgers, fries, and other traditional bar fare.  They also only have two beers on tap, Bud and Bud Light.  I ordered the 1/3 lb. wineburger and a side of fries.  The burger was tasty but nothing to rave about.  They served a generous portion of fries, which, like the burger, were good but not outstanding.  Surprisingly the service was excellent, which may be due to it being a slow night.  The server/bartender/cook was very attentive, asked about the burger, made sure I always had a drink, and even repositioned the TV so I can better watch a preseason game.  Overall, it was a good experience (3.5 stars if Yelp allowed halves).  The food is good (between quality fast-food and a trendy restaurant), the prices are more than reasonable, and the service was great.  If I go back, I would definitely try the 2/3 lb. burgers, which looked like a better choice.
4	We stopping in on Friday about 5:00 just to check it out. Harveys is a neighborhood dive. It felt like Cheers when we walked in. People at the bar (customers) said Hi and the waitress was right to us with menus and very friendly. OK, don't expect much in decor. The tables are sticky, like when the varnish is sticky and you can never get it clean enough to not be sticky. We had drinks very nice martinis. The bartender is a pro. I had a BLT, thin sliced bacon, crispy and just the right amount and my partner had a burger, both were excellent. As we left the bar crew all said bye as well as the staff. I liked the folks there.
5	Stopped in for my post-workout bowl of Chili and pitcher of beer and was IMPRESSED! Didn't want fancy- I was in my gym clothes. If you love a dark dive with really good food and prices this place is for you... The cook was visible and very friendly as well and the bartender was cool. The ladies was acceptable. The only thing missing was a smoking patio. I'll be back!
4	DIVE bar, tiny bathroom that will make you feel like you're on a submarine.Now that that's out of the way--the beers are dirt cheap and the signature WineBurger is downright delicious.  Servers are friendly.  This place should be on the short list for anyone in the area that wants to eat out or drink with friends on a budget.
5	I love this place.Its a great, chill place to go. All the bartenders are super friendly and I never have to wait to get a drink, shot or food. Not only is the staff friendly, but so are all the customers.The wineburgers are delicious and the baskets of onions rings and fries are huge, definitely share with someone!
4	I finally got around to coming here last night, and I really like it!  I knew what I was getting into because A) I've been to the original wineburger at 19th ave and Bethany Home already, B) I've read the reviews and C) I knew that these two places were originally started by a pair of brothers many years ago.Walking in, its a real divey type place.  Wood paneling on the walls, simple no frill tables and chairs, with limited decorations and dimly lit.  It's set up exactly like its sister location the original wineburger, with half of it being a bar with chairs and tables, and the other half being a pool and congregating area for those that want to do more then sit and hang on the bar.  I also saw a pinball machine, which was pretty cool as well.They have a few TV's hanging from the walls behind the bar with a variety of sporting events on for you to watch. Granted, I'm not a huge sports fan, but it's better then staring off into space or what not.  I sat at the bar, since I felt more comfortable there, and there wasn't to many people in here, so there was more then enough seating for me. I felt really comfortable here, and didn't feel like being around a million people anyways.They have great beer and alcohol specials during happy hour, and they have a decent menu of items to choose from. Prices are great, and the bartender here was really super cool.  Him and I chatted throughout my meal and I really enjoyed the conversation.  I went with the Jumbo Hot dog, and it was tasty...charbroiled and all, I really liked it here.If you want a low key night out, go check this place out. Divey, dark and not half bad. Will be back in the future. I think I like it here better then I did at the original one.
5	About two years ago I was out here for work and I stop in here maybe by change maybe because I saw a Yelp review, but we can go for the second.  This is a total dive bar.  They have these small pitchers for when you want two beer but dont want to come back up so often.  But even better than the food and drinks, they have Duck pin bowling.  It is like a small single lane bowling alley right in the bar and it is the great bar game ever.  I was staying 45 minutes away in North Scottsdale last time I was in town and drove here just for a beer a couple quick games.  It sounds odd, but so much fun.
4	What's not to love about a classic dive? Do you like:Cheap beer?Fantastic people watching?Duck Pin Bowling?Awesome griddled burgers?Sure, it's not much to look at, interior or exterior, but it's good fun all around.
4	Don't let the dive bar interior put you off. Even as we walked in, a bar fight was about to happen, but that just added to the experience, right along with the sticky tables and low lighting.The waitress/bartender was really nice and both my mother and I got the burger and fries with sodas. The cook came over and asked us if we were sure we didn't want any add-ons so we just told her to throw some mushrooms on mom's and bacon on mine. She was a proper hole-in-the-wall fry cook with big hair. If laws didn't prohibit it, I have no doubt she'd have a cigarrette hanging from her lips.The food was a surprise. While extremely greasy (you're getting a burger and fries so never expect less), it was also extremely delicious. Perfecly seared, thick-patty burger (with a unique tartness from the wine) on fresh bread with nice thick-cut bacon and great fries. It came with some onions and lettuce to top, also fresh. A perfect example to never judge a book by its cover. There's a reason this place has won some "best of" awards.
5	Great cheap burgersFantastic people watchingSit at the bar to watch them cook and to mingle with the crazy regularsGame room with pool table and pin bowling.Great place to watch a gameGet grilled onions on your burger
4	This place is everything a dive bar/burger joint should be.  Open late with cheap beer and greasy burgers.  Not a fan of the chili they use for the fries though.  Service was super friendly, and the burgers are cooked where everyone can see...kinda good, since you would expect some iffy situations in the back if you couldn't see exactly what they were doing to your food.I'll be back, it'll be a guilty pleasure.
2	I wanted to love it so much!! I don't  mind the divey old school feel, I just felt the burger was not all it's cracked up to be. It was juicy, but under seasoned, so it didn't have much flavor. The other thing I didn't like was the cold bun that seemed like the cheap pack from the grocery store. The fries and onion rings were good and I like that they serve them with ranch. Kudos to the waitress/bartender/cook!! She was working hard and seemed to do a great job juggling everything.
1	As a loyal (former) patron of Harvey's Wineburger for over 40 years, I can now announce that the change of ownership in the past year or so has murdered the magnet that kept customers coming back - their hamburgers.  A good friend was in Harvey's in the past month, and ask me to go there with him today.  He said on his previous visit, he got a lousy hamburger and suspected something had changed.  His assessment was quite accurate.The first thing you notice when the burger is delivered is that the bun has shrunk and that the burger patty has become perfectly round, as compared to its 'jagged' predecessor, and flattened - maybe pre-formed and frozen?  The first bite discloses the sad news:  the meat is tasteless, rubbery, and absolutely nothing like the burger that has kept the joint in business 40-plus years.  Astonishingly, you can no longer taste any hint of wine in the burger.  My guess is that the rubbery consistency of the meat (they OBVIOUSLY have changed their supplier and/or grade) rejects the wine poured on it like water on Bullfrog sunscreen.    We had heard about the ownership change several months ago with someone commenting that "oriental owners" had taken over.  The smaller microwaved-tasting bun and the Birkenstock meat are clear signs the new ownership has resorted to use of cheap ingredients - specifically the meat - the landmark's staple - to squeeze more profits while raising prices that are unrecognizable to Harvey's regulars.  It's quite sad.  This was one of my favorite places in Phoenix - a wineburger and a game of pool - never crowded - that old dive charm...and hands down in the top 5 best burgers in town.  Apparently the new owner(s) believe all they need is a 40-year reputation.  Good luck with that, I won't be back.
4	Best Dive in Phoenix. Good people & drinks.
5	Some people go to McDonalds at midnight after a night out. But I make my way to the best juke box joint with the best burgers in town! Stupid good!
4	I'm not a huge bar person, so walking into a dive bar on this side of town was scary.  Was I not with a big strong male, I would have likely not even bothered.  I got a wineburger, onion rings, and beer.  The service was incredibly friendly and the conversation at the bar was entertaining.  The burger was incredibly flavorful although sort of greasy and the beer and onion rings were average. I would totally go back here (with company) for burgers and the creepy yet surprisingly friendly and entertaining atmosphere.
5	Incredible burger, good happy hour prices, and the NFL network? All within walking distance of my apartment? What did I do to get so lucky?!
5	I would drink here everyday if I lived in phoenix
5	If I ever want to be reminded what kind of asshole I am, I just need to reread this review and I'll know. Why is this the review that will serve as this reminder when I have so many Yelps explaining so much about that already? Well:I went here on an anthropological adventure. I'd heard the regulars were noteworthy in a Bikinesque fashion. That they're scary and funny and local and Cheersish... And that everything takes forever. And that everything is average but that it's the combination of the preceding factors that make this place worthy of one adventure to see how the other half live in their natural habitat.We walked in and were IMMEDIATELY, like within seconds, greeted by a drunken song. A man and a song and a twinkle in his eye and I was immediately charmed. I was expecting it to smell very strong, especially since they sell cigarettes in the vending machines, but really there was no noteworthy odor. The bartender was high or drunk. If she was not high or drunk, she's spent so much time in her life being either high or drunk that she now gives off a permadrunkenhigh vibe. For instance, she takes our drink orders and says, "Want menus?" and then walks away and re-asks us our order, which was a pitcher of beer. And then does not ever bring menus. Glazed eyes. I don't give a fuck ethos. AMF is on the menu, which I had to be reminded stands for adios mother fucker, which is just basically telling the drinker that this particular night will not be one they should bother trying to remember. Here, I could make some grand (albeit stupid) statement about how this is exactly the type of place people come to forget, but I don't think that's true considering I was the only one drinking them. The one gentleman we interacted with was so desperately lonely that he clung to every vestige of a chance of an opportunity to insert himself in our convo and I felt deep sympathy for him. All and all, I can't see any reason to ever go back but I'm glad I went and that it exists. It serves a need. It serves a population. It offers an opportunity for snobby a-holes to have a place to go on "anthropological journeys." Apparently, they put wine in their burgers if you're into that...
5	Staff is amazingly friendly. Burgers are terrific, beer is cold and I could definitely see my self coming back.
5	My favorite late night, pool hall-dive bar burger; albeit the only one conceivable, that is, not ony delicious but available. runonsentencesbedamned
5	Very accommodating to my silly group of friends. Burgers were spot on and service was impeccable!
2	They've changed hands again.  I'd been going there fairly regularly for something like 20 years.  The guy who started it (Harvey, I presume) ran it for around 40 years, until he died.  His daughter ran it for another five years (about) but decided running a dive bar wasn't what she wanted to do with her life and put it up for sale.It was bought by a Vietnamese couple who upgraded the interior.  They added a bunch of big flat screen TVs, started taking credit cards.  The place used to be cash only, although they did put in an ATM a couple years back.Harvey's signature was the wineburger, hand formed from quality beef.  Always excellent,  But the new owners switched out for preformed patties of cheaper meat.  That was a spoiler for me.  And apparently not only me.  The last time I went there under those owners I was the only one there.  I wonder why they couldn't figure out where their crowd had gone.  I ordered a hot dog.But apparently those owners dumped the place as a loser (said the bartender).  I went there last week.  Whomever bought it brought back the first class meat (98%) with fresh, hand made patties.  It's back on my recommended list.What other people say about the ambiance is true.  It =is= a dive bar.  I mean that in the best sense.  Cheap drinks, a friendly crowd (many of whom seem to be regulars; they know each other).This review-o-matic only offers me a choice of 1 or 2 for ratings.  Dunno why,   But for what it is, and what it's trying to be I'd give it 4 stars.
5	Never can one judge a restaurant by its exterior.  Whether that makes sense or not if you ever drive south on 16th street just south of Camelback you will see a small dive bar that says Harvey's. This place makes one feel like you got off a DeLorean when you walk in with that old 70's feel.  The wooden panels, the old Budweiser signs and yes that cheers like feel with regulars. They have good drink specials like 2 dollar Pbr's but if you are like me and need a quick lunch bite, come in for a burger.  They only have about 3 burgers and they are cheese, regular and I believe a double.  They are delicious and taste like a good homemade burger. They have happy hour weekly and on weekends but weekends they go a tad longer. The 6 dollar burger with fries and a drink is my bag.
4	Last night I was feeling low on disposable moolah$ and fiercely craving a REAL hamburger. There was a place in the 'hood I was dying to try...and guess I'll continue dying because they were closed. *sigh* So I had my adorable better half whip out his Yelp app (yes, he actually whipped it out, it was epic!) and looked for other burgeries in the area. Since I was already heading up 16th Street, we made a beeline for Harvey's (one of those places we had driven past thousands of times, looked at interestingly, and continued on our merry way without stopping). I'm happy we stopped in. I *heart* dive bars w/ good food...and this is the diviest one I've been to in forever  (and yes, that includes my escapade to the Brass Rail last weekend). The Bears vs Cowgirls game was playing, the joint had about 6 other people enjoying cold ones, and we sat at the bar. After what seemed like FOREVER, the bahtendah came over and took our order and gave us a couple of menus. There isn't much on the menu. There doesn't have to be, from what I can tell. I ordered a cheesewineburger w/ onion rings, and my schnookums ordered a cheesewineburger w/ fries.  I'm not a huge fan of fries...but these were scrumptious and crispy and thin. The onion rings were so good, (crispy outside, soft onions inside) it felt like they were actually melting in my mouth. The burger absolute perfection, from the soft bun and juicy meat to the fresh lettuce, tomato and onion adorning it. I added ketchup and mustard to mine and it was simply heavenly. The bartenders are friendly without being annoying/hover-y...in fact, you may need to flag one down if you want another drink, but it was exactly what I was looking for and I will definitely stumble my way back there again instead of always driving by.  Next time I think I'll try the wings.
5	Went there for the first time since it just got sold again. BURGERS ARE BETTER THAN EVER!!!!!!!!!! Drink Specials are fabulous. Jessica the bartender is awesome. The New owners just Rock!!!! My husband has been going to this place since he turned 21, so for 25 years.
4	After eating the burger and fries I quickly decided this place will be a regular for us... Love that it's a dive bar as well .. Warning ! The burgers are very greasy but so worth it ! And the buns are grilled with a little grease too :) I usually don't eat my buns but at this place I did and will.  I'm not hungover but this is prob a really good hangover burger too !!
5	Based on Chad L's November 2013 review, I returned to Harvey's in March 2014 with a couple of friends.  Chad's report is correct, they have gone back to using the quality beef that kept them in business 40 years.  The sandwich is still a little smaller than the old days, but the burger is clearly hand made and absolutely delicious.  We are still debating whether you can taste the wine in the wine burger, that might require another visit or two.  They now offer a reasonably-priced lunch 'combo' that gives you great French fries (or their fabulous onion rings) with your burger in just enough quantity that you can finish them.  The table service is quick and as friendly as always. I will now put Harvey's back on my list of favorite (under $8) burger places in Phoenix.  Thank goodness for the new owners who have brought back tradition. You can't buy that "homey" feel elsewhere.
4	I totally stumbled on this place by being at the car wash next door!  We went in one night after a sports function for a quick bite to eat.  Damn...they are great burgers.  Reasonably priced food and drinks.  Fun "dive bar" atmosphere.  Great place and will definitely go back!
5	Came in the other night with a group of friends, knowing the name of this place I knew I was going to enjoy my burger! (Super Deluxe)
5	Amazing onion rings and burgers to die for :) for a little hole in the wall restaurant there food is amazing! TRY THEIR PATTY MELT
4	Would have given a five star but the $3 salad was the worst. It was just a bowl of lettuce and some chopped tomatoes. Onion rings awesome perfectly cooked. Cheeseburger great flavor. Awesome fireball shot $4.50 but $3.00 on Monday.
1	Been here before. Was good. During middle of day. Told my wyfe "you gotta try this place" its yummy. Took her for dinner. Her cheeseburger was over cooked and dry. My wings were charred and dry. Wait staff asked how it was and i told her "overcooked". She said sorry can i make u more? I said NO cant stomach anymore of their food. So what do i get in return? A FULL BILL!!! $30..... At least the wyfe learned a new drink. Wont be back here, which sucks cause they are stumbling distance from home
1	Our first time here. Make sure you have 40 minutes to wait for your average tasting burger. The fries tasted like they were frozen. The good 'ole boys who seemed to be regulars, were loud and disrespectful. It's your typical dark, old and average dive bar. Let's see, something positive to say... you can apparently bring your dog. Yep. Inside. Where food is being served. Awesome.
5	I love this bar. It's is a small dive bar with dart boards, pool tables, a sitting area, great food and of course a full bar. They recently painted the pool room and exterior and it is awesome: bright and inviting!!! They also recently put in a third tap and rotate craft beers regularly. Seems to me they are trying to get a younger, hipper crowd in and as far as I can tell it's working (The regulars still come in too!) I would recommend this place to anyone who is craving a juicy burger, a cold drink and/or a great time!
2	I keep trying and this place will not stop disappointing me. Lower your expectations and you may enjoy it. The idea is right the execution is terrible. I am not old but this place is brutally loud. I mean painfully so. I mention it and they turn and walk away. The food is priced right. The bartender / chef doesn't care anyway. It's cheap and obviously satisfies many. Unfriendly should be the first warning.
4	Dive bar feel, but possibly one of the best burgers I've had. Made to order and seasoned perfect. The wings are also good.
4	Went there to pass time until our next stop. Harvey's has been a valley staple since I was a little girl.  The new owners are nice and have freshened up the interior.  Had I known how delicious the Wineburgers were before, I would have visited this place much sooner!  They grill then fry their hot wings-delicious.  Patrons include suit and ties from the local business community and flip flops and tshirts from everywhere coming for the Wineburger.   Service is always very attentive. They have pool tables, dart boards, a dining area, and plenty of TVs. The  bathrooms have been upgraded (thanks for the purse hook!!), but it's hot in there. $2 PBRs and the grill is open until 1:30 a.m.!
5	Total dive bar - which is my kind of place. I bought the Amazon Local deal (punch card with 3 $10 credits) and came today to try it out for the first time.  Took a seat at the bar and got instant greets from bartender and the cook (score). Bottled beer came ice cold (score) with menu. Ordered Wineburger and fries $6 lunch. Condiment and napkin service appeared instantly (score). Watched some TV (no hassle about swapping over to golf) and burger came in decent time. PERFECT taste and doneness! Second beer delivered timely and no chasing someone down to pay and get back to work. Lunch experience awesome so don't be scared by other reviews if you work nearby and want good,  cheap grub, with friendly prompt service.
2	In 1980 this place was outdated. And nobody's changed anything since. The food was totally bland, took forever to get to us, and my hamburger bun was dripping of grease, as if it had been floating in it all day. I was totally displeased with this place. The only reason this review isn't one star is because I didn't see any roaches.
4	With this summer weather it's difficult to cook at home.  My husband and I are going out for lunch and dinner during the weekends and are always looking for local places to eat. Today we felt like burgers so we decided to visit Harvey's.We shared the big burger & fries and it was not bad at all. After dinner I asked him if he'd come back and he surprisingly said yes (he's a picky eater).He said he would have rated Harvey's 4.5 but that he wasn't pleased the cook was the server and the bartender.
5	So, this place is hands down one of my favorite places in all of Phoenix. They put in a great, large tv in the pool room and put in more tables. I finally stepped out of my box and ordered something other than the wineburger and I WAS NOT disappointed. Their garlic Parmesan wings are fantastic. Can't wait to go back in a few days!
5	Went for lunch during my break, awesome food. Surprisingly good for a hole in the wall dive bar. They have great lunch specials and listening to the drunk locals is always entertaining.
5	Money. That's the word I would use to describe this joint. A definite hole in wall with zero windows it's almost too dark to see your food. I had the deluxe burger with mushrooms and it lived up to the hype. Absolutely amazing burger. Only knock on this place for me is their fries are not that good. Go with the onion rings.
4	Great burger for the price. Always friendly service. One of the oldest burger spots in town!
1	This place is misleading.  Wineburger is a great concept and name, but the place is nothing more than a strip mall burger joint.  Like other reviews, it's 95% bar, 5% restaurant with a cheers type atmosphere. Went on a Wednesday night and all the TVs were on a infomercial channel.  When I asked if they could put something else on, the middle aged Persian bartender told me that the cable was out and somehow we were stuck with a P90x drone .  Another flaw, the ventilation is so poor that you smell like you actually  fried the burgers on your stovetop. Many better places in Phoenix
4	Food was excellent, service was hit or miss. The waiter would disappear for extended periods of time, which was somewhat bothersome but overall was made better by delicious food. The cheesewineburger was excellent, and I liked the fries so much that I ordered some more.Keep in mind, looks can be deceiving. It doesn't look like much from the outside but Wineburger is definitely worth a stop.
5	I am not fans of burger but their burger make me melt!!!!Their beer is pretty good and also their happy hours is legit save money eat good ohh yeahh!!!
5	Great dive bar, saying that they always have drink and shot specials. Their burgers are above average for a restaurant let alone dive bar food.. I've heard they're patty melt is delicious as well.  Wings are ok, nothing to write home about.  The staff are friendly and will remember your name if you go in a lot and you may even get a free beer from time to time on the house.  They host dodgeball and dart leagues and even dress up and decorate the place when dodgeball have a theme night.  They have craft beers now and will ask us what beers we would like for the upcoming season.. Great dive bar, one of my favorites in Phoenix!  They have two pool tables, plenty of seating, big screen tvs everywhere, a new jukebox, and a dart board.
4	I love this bar and am fortunate it's nearby my house. They have several tv's, a couple pool tables, skiball, and the best, I repeat, BEST, burgers in town. They may be $8-10, but they're worth every penny.
3	Great place with super friendly staff.Don't let the outside fool you, its bigger than you think! I have the Original wine burger cooked medium and a 16oz can of PBR (or 3) with fries.Everything was good and the prices were fantastic! I'd recommend a visit if you're in the area and craving a burger that isn't comercially made.
1	Great customer service at lunch. Order the lunch special and 6 other customers get served before me. Wait 45 minutes then get up to leave. Am asked "Do I want that to go?" Can anyone say @DirtyDrummer?
4	Let me say that I love places that people don't really know about, and I'm a real foodie. I heard about this place on a local radio station, and someone was saying how good they thought it was, so I thought I'd give it a try when I got around to it. I walked in the door, and the atmosphere was... Interesting. But in a good way. I went for lunch and you'd think you were at a fun Saturday night. the burger took a while to come out, but ermagherd it was hands-down one of the best burgers I've ever had. I'm 200 pounds, I've had a few burgers in my time. My only complaints are:They're real stingy with the fries. You'd think for the price you'd get more, but I got like 10 fries. (I'm exaggerating of course)And the time. It took like 20 minutes to get the food out. I had begun to think they forgot about us. But in the end, it was pretty awesome. Definitely going back.
4	awesome burgers.  decent service.  good atmosphere.  it's a dive bar.  just fyi.  with good food.
3	It's a dive bar where they make "wineburgers" on a flat top behind the bar. It smells of cleaning products, stale beer and grease. It's nothing you don't expect and everything you would.
