2	It was my mom's birthday on Saturday & she picked this place for her bday dinner. This used to be Abuelo's (I miss that place!). The inside is very nice & the staff was friendly. We were seated right away because I had made reservations the day before. It was packed & very loud. I think the servers were a bit frazzled since they had just opened that week. We started off with the calamari. It was delicious & not greasy at all. To our surprise we were brought another app. He brought it to our table & it was flambed table side. Some sort of cheese with a strong lemon flavor. My dad & I liked it but my mom & husband said it was gross. Apparently, it was meant for the table next to us. Not sure why they didn't say anything, just looked extremely pissed & left. Oh well! For our entrees: my mom ordered moussaka, dad ordered roasted leg of lamb, hubby ordered shrimp kebabs & I ordered pastitsio. My dad had the best meal of us all, although the lamb was a bit over cooked because it was dry. My mom said hers was ok & mine was too, we had similar lasagna looking dishes. My hubs had the worst meal of us all. There was a strange smell & I could of swore it was someones dirty feet, nope it was his shrimp! I took one bite & almost spit it out, it tasted old & not fresh at all. Every dish came with a side of green beans, the tomato sauce they were covered in was not good, therefore ruining them. I also have to add that it took over 20 minutes for my husband to get the captain & coke he ordered. They finally brought it to the table after we were finished eating, he was annoyed to say the least. I feel bad for this review considering they are a new restaurant but it was honestly one of the worst meals I've ever had. I would maybe go back & try their hummus or gyros but I don't know if that would be anytime soon, they have a lot to work on when it comes to the food.
2	Nice decor, spacious with a modern Greek feel. The white brick background gives the bar a good appeal. The staff are great and go out of there way to make your dining a good experience. Unfortunately those are all the good things that's good about this place. As with any new opening, food is mediocre and nothing to rave about. Not impressed at all. It's too soon to tell if this will be a hit but hope it will as service is excellent.
3	Hummus was freshly made and very nice. Chicken souvlaki was good too but my vegetarian colleague didn't have any choice but to order some spinach thing. He wasn't able to finish even half of it.
1	Stay as far away from this nightmare restaurant as possible!  We were excited by the prospect of a good Greek restaurant in Scottsdale but from the minute we walked in we knew this place would suck.  The decor makes you feel like you are at a really bad family event like a wedding or Bar-Mitzvah.  To say the place feels cheap is an understatement.  The white drapes look like something that was purchased at a second hand store and were probably made by a grandmother who passed away in the '80s.  Also, the strands of beads that are supposed to cover the waitress stand make you feel like there could be pot sales going on right back there. We asked for a table as far away from the terrible Sinatra impersonator as possible at which time the hostess commented that we might actually be able to have a conversation if we stayed far away but unfortunately you can't get far enough away from him unless you drive out of the parking lot.  Additionally, the synthesized keyboard and scratchy microphone even furthered the feeling of being at a bad family event.We ordered cocktails quickly but it took about 30 minutes from them to arrive (extremely watered down) to the table.  I then ordered the Greek spaghetti which I think only a horse would like given it tasted like a huge salt stick.  My wife ordered the chicken pita with no onions - it took again about 30 minutes for the food to arrive and my wife was horrified to find raw chicken in a pita with just lettuce and the "side Greek" salad was lettuce drenched in dressing even though the menu said the Greek salad had the normal items such as tomatoes, feta and cucumbers.  We tried to send the sandwich back when it then took another 20 minutes to get a new sandwich which honestly looked like an entirely different menu item - chicken in a pita with raw tomatoes and onions with a Greek salad that actually had vegetables on it however it also had a TON of onions we decided we had enough and asked for the check and left.With so many great restaurants in Scottsdale and Phoenix we are amazed that such a bad one would even try to open.  It felt like the owner of the restaurant was trying so hard to make it seem like the restaurant was "classy" but in the end it came across as extremely cheap and of course the raw chicken didn't really help.  We will not only never go back but we may not even be able to drive into the parking lot!
2	I really wanted to like this place since I live nearby and I welcome having another good restaurant close, but this wasn't it. The menu was extremely un-vegetarian friendly and they only offered one meatless dish that was an entree. The waiter was a friendly guy and the the food was okay, but not outstanding. The decor was too modern and lacked character, stylized Greek decor, not to my liking at all. The lounge act style music was way too loud and didn't fit into the Greek restaurant concept at all. I was hoping for something that provided a more Greek experience and will be going else where next time.
4	About three weeks ago the Greek gods decided to take a break from their endless squabbling, descend from Mt. Olympus, and pay a visit to us mortals. Fortunately they landed in Phoenix, and they came bearing gifts. These can be sampled at Athena Greek Cuisine, a new restaurant in the shopping center at Mayo and Scottsdale Rd.     If the Scordalia ($6) isn't heaven sent, I don't know what is. This spread, made from bread, almonds, potato, olive oil, white wine vinegar and GARLIC is jaw-droppingly good. It has a mellow, almost sweet taste and is good smeared on anything, but especially on the Greek Sausage appetizer ($7), another gift. In fact, all the appetizers we had were delicious. Ken chose Grilled Octopus ($12); Pat had Greek Style Wings ($9), which had been marinated in olive oil, parsley, oregano and lemon (these were even better cold the next day). Marinated Beets ($7) were refreshing. Meg, to whom we owe a debt of gratitude for introducing us to Athena, says the Fried Smelts ($7) are tasty too. It's so nice to have out-of-the-ordinary menu selections available. And the servings are surprisingly large, great for sharing.     The entrees don't reach the sublime level of the appetizers, but for the most part they were good and reasonably priced. Meg and I split Moussaka ($13). It was as good as any I've had in Phoenix, but there was nothing to lift it out of the ordinary. Stewed green beans were served with all the entrees, and these were a nice foil for the richness of the moussaka. Ken had the Combination Plate ($15) which had Pastitsio, Moussaka, Dolmades with Avgolemono Sauce, and Roasted Leg of Lamb. I thought the lamb was overcooked (but that seems to be the norm for Greek restaurants) and tasted curiously liver-y. Pat was disappointed with her Greek Spaghetti ($12) which was way too salty.     We were quite full, but Pat, being half Greek, felt we had to sample the Galaktoboureko, a filo and custard concoction. The custard was pasty, rather thansilky, and the lemon sauce needed some zest to wake it up. But it was nice to see something besides Baklava on the menu (in fact there were a number of Greek desserts).      I loved Athena's decor. It's happily over the top. There's a statue of Athena centered in the doorway, an aqua back-lit frieze on one wall, a white bar framed with Greek columns. The white painted wooden chairs (which Ken said were not very comfortable) look great against the dark floor. The only jarring note is the two TV screens flanking the bar. If you go on Athena's website you can get a virtual tour of the restaurant, and also check out the menu.      Our waiter Chris and his "shadow" were both very pleasant and seemed familiar with the menu. There was a huge amount of staff for the number of patrons, but better too many than too few. Given that Athena has been open only for a short time, I find it easy to overlook the shortcomings - in fact we're planning to return this weekend. We'll probably stick to the appetizers, but believe me, that's no sacrifice!
4	Went to Athena for lunch w/ my mom, wife and son and was very impressed with the food here. I've been eating Greek food all my life and this was pretty darn good. The grilled octopus was very tender and full of flavor, even my 6 year old son enjoyed this. The grilled shrimp and scallops they came w/ the octopus were very tasty as well. The scordilia was different than any I've ever had and very good and the melitzanosalta was also very tasty. The egg lemon soup is the best I've had in a restaurant in the states. We all shared the combo plate, with mousaka, pastitso, dolmades and lamb, and the pork souvlaki sandwich. We all agreed that everything was well prepared and better than average Greek fare. Their tzadziki sauce on the souvlaki was one of the better versions i've had. I hope they do well because it would be nice to have a good, reasonably priced sit down Greek place, nearby.
5	Best Greek restaurant west of the Mississippi. I found the restaurant on AAdvantageDining.com and thank the Greek Gods. What once (two years ago) was Abuelo's Mexican restaurant is now the best rest. in Scottsdale - at least in my opinion. (I'm half Albanian, so grew up on Greek food and there's nothing else like Athena in Arizona). Best egg lemon soup ever. The spinach pie was a disappointment, only in that it had too much spinach and not enough pie. Have been as of today - 6 times - and have ordered Rack Of Lamb, Leg Of Lamb (whatever the special of the day I am there was), Lamb Shish-ka-bab, Lamb Chops for entrees. All were savory and delicious.My dining companion each of the times we went ordered the Chicken Shish-ka-bab, as he doesn't enjoy lamb. But he loved the Chicken. We've also ordered the egg lemon soup each time, as a second course, (the first course being the combo appetizer, 3 dips and pita). The CUP of soup is enough to feed a horse. (And costs just $3). The best waitress, by far, at Athena, is Denise, the one and only there. So ask for her, as she is the most competent about the menu, for sure; including the wine list.One of the 'owners' always walking around, not Greek, but Lebanese, is a bit arrogant but what would you expect from the former manager of Barcelona? When I am at my place in Scottsdale, I eat at Athena at least 2 times per week, and have no plans on changing that schedule.
5	I have been a Phoenician for almost twelve years (yikes!) after growing up in Chicago, IL. In Chicago, I was spoiled by having Greek neighbors who would bring me red eggs at Easter and made me baklava "just because". I have been hoping and praying for good Greek cuisine for TWELVE LONG YEARS. I have been to "My Big Fat Greek Restaurant", and to me, it is comparing an authentic Italian restaurant to well, Olive Garden. The food at Big Fat Greek is edible, but lacks heart and authenticity. After work last week, my boyfriend and I decided to try this place out. First off, it is BEAUTIFUL inside. Ornate enough for a wedding, yet casual enough for a friendly get together. Secondly, a majority of the servers are GREEK! It was a Saturday night, and there was a band with a singer, and the lighting was gorgeous, very romantic. We ordered the caviar spread, and the flaming cheese, both amazing. Then, we ordered our entrees. I has a gyros platter and my bf ordered rack of lamb, perfectly cooked. For desert, we shared the Halva. I have had Halva from Kosher delis before, but never like this: drizzled in honey and topped with mint, amazing. I was in seventh heaven. Everything on our plates was better than the next. I took my mom there for lunch today and our server was adorable, so sweet and really chatted with us (I love that in a restaurant, it makes it feel very welcoming). One thing I want to mention: don't let the well dressed staff and overly ornate decor scare you, this place is VERY reasonably priced, with appetizers as little as $5 each, and entrees as low as $10. A rarity in the location, with most restaurants being stuffy and overpriced.Needless to say, I took a stack of "to go" menus, and can't wait to bring my boyfriends' parents, and my gaggle of girlfriends there soon. Keep it up, Athena's, and thank you for warming my heart by bringing Greek cuisine to my neck of the woods!
4	This place reminded me of the suburban Greek restaurants in Detroit (Uptown Parthenon or Big Daddy's Parthenon from back in the day)  that had taken Greektown food and menus and given them a commercial makeover. At Athena the food was very good and the service was very friendly. Definitely a 'best of' Greek menu. If I could model a large Scottsdale Greek restaurant that has a chance to make it, this would be it. Yassou!
5	If you want really authentic, high quality Greek food this is the place.  We have been there twice and both times the food has been fantastic.  And if you are a wine lover like me, you will really appreciate there vast assortment of wines which are very reasonably priced for glasses and by the bottle.  The atmosphere is open and clean and you can go there in a t-shit or a suit and feel comfortable.
4	I was here over labor day weekend and am just now getting to writing my review. My mom and I enjoyed everything we ate. We starting with the flaming cheese and then shared lamb chops and stuffed chicken. Everything on the menu was well priced and good portions for sharingThe staff were all very friendly, but at one point it seemed we had to many waiters and every 3 minutes a different one came by asking how we were. There were also some promo Absolute vodka ladies there giving away lemon drop samples and chapstick- I like free stuff. I would go back here, but it's getting busy so make a reservation. And there's live music almost every night. I didn't care for the man playing the night we went.
3	We ate there last night for our 5th time. The food as usual was very good.The appetizers were wonderful also (Spicy Feta Cheese spread and Saganaki) but came with five tiny triangles of pita for a group of six. When we asked for more it took twenty minutes to get them and the charged for it. Dinner took over sixty minutes to come out. This is not the first time this has happened at this restaurant. Twice they said their computer went down, and once they lost our order.......... We felt sorry for the table behind us with two small children and their parents. After about one and a half hours they left without ever getting served. We did see management chase them at the door and apologize, but there is no excuse for this. We will wait a few months and try again after they get the bugs worked out of the system.
5	Let me first say that this review is tainted by the most incredible service I've received by any server; this was from a waiter named Yainnis.  He was EXACTLY what you'd want for a server.  He was helpful in knowing what to order (and not just the 'push the chicken,since it's about to turn' type of questions).  I took 6 people into this place, ordered abundant appetizers, meals for all, and dessert for two.  Our bill was $140, and then I put on a $30 tip.  Compare THAT to my previous reviews.Price:  absolutely horrendous, and completely Scottsdale-likeService:  impeccable, and of the highest order.  Yainnis can serve anyone, and make them feel right at home.Taste:  Everything was wonderful, spicy but not hot, yummy and completely filling.  Each one of us walked out with half our entree, and we even had one person in our party who was decidedly anti-Greek food who went and enjoyed every dish they tried!  I couldn't have enjoyed it better unless it were closer to home, and priced like normal anti-Scottsdale food.If you can overlook the price, you will DEFINITELY enjoy it!
5	We wandered into Athena after a movie and were graciously greeted even though we came in the back door! The friendliness of the staff made an inviting start to the evening. Our server, Angelo, acted like an owner. He is greek; knows the menu intimately and was very warm and friendly. We started with the grape leaves (dolmodes) which my hubby normally loves and I only tolerate. THESE WERE DELICIOUS loaded with lamb and rice and a warm, lemony sauce. BEST EVER! Our son had the kid's steak kebobs (chargrilled and sumptious) and we split the night's special- the braised lamb over greek spaghetti. My hubby is a big eater and there was still plenty to take home. The owner came over and introduced himself and the whole experience felt so removed from so many plastic restaurants in town, it was great and we will be back this week!
5	Finally!  A REAL Greek restaurant in the area!  We have visited Phoenix/Scottsdale many times, and have always been looking for an authentic Greek restaurant (we're from Chicago).  We finally found it with Athena!  The owner and chef are actually from Chicago, so we found the atmosphere and the food very familiar.  This is the only Greek restaurant in the area that we have found that serves fried zucchini and skordalia.  We were very pleased.  Thanks!
5	I can't remember a time that I have experienced such great service. As with another yelper we also had Yainnis  for our server. He was excellent along with every other employee we were met with. He even asked us if we were trying to make it out quickly or if we wanted a long meal. We told him we don't get out much with the kids and wanted a nice long meal, he had everything served in the perfect timing. My husband is Greek and we have such a hard time finding real Greek food rather than Mediterranean food- Middle Eastern. It was excellent, the feta tomato, pepper appetizer was seasoned deliciously. Gyro platter was enough for the two of us to share with the app and house salad. Live music was perfect lounge music and it was fun to see the groups of families many whom were Greek coming in. It was almost more of an event then catching a meal.
5	I must say, i'm very very impressed by this place! I'm originally from Alexandria, Egypt so we have alot of greeks & greek food there, this is the closest i've ever had to authentic greek food in the USA :) Really feels like home cooking, just the right spices & ingrediants....The staff is super friendley...and the price is very low compared to anywhere of this stature..less than $40 for 2 of us with an appetizers & even had a full leftover plate! if i could give this place 10 stars i would!
5	Went back again last night for the 5th time and had another wonderful meal. Upped my rating to 5 stars, becuase this is truly a wonderful place. The gilled octopus maybe the best appitizer I've ever had.
3	Two of us went to dinner at Athena Greek Cuisine.  We were able to use a $20 coupon we bought for $10, which was good.  Because the entrees felt like they were overpriced about $5 per.The building feels like a Greek version of Abuelo's.The food was a little hit and miss.  The lamb ribs special was just o.k.  It didn't feel particularly Greek, in fact the barbecue sauce seemed very standard American style.  The result was just o.k.We also tried the Pastitsio, Moussaka, Dolmades, and Roasted Leg of Lamb (combination plate).  The first three were very, very good.  And I'm not normally a fan of Dolmades, but these were great.  However, the Lamb was a big let down.  It tastes like liver and was tough.The portions were large, and we had plenty to take home.The retsina they serve is very good and very mild.The service was very attentive, and everyone we dealt with was friendly and helpful.I'll probably go back, but the prices will keep this from becoming a regular place for me.
4	Flaming cheese is a good show! A little scary but good fun! Very lemony, and cheese has a good texture if you like greek cheese.  The tzatziki sauce is awesome. It has small diced cucumbers, and is not overly yogurt-y, or sour cream-y.  I had the chicken and lamb kebabs...Lamb med rare. and it was cooked perfectly. Juicy and tender with a great flavor. Not overpowering at all. I also like the rice pilaf that it came with. Good dish to share.  The only thing I wasn't too fond of is the dessert. We goth the baklava.  It was the rolled kind (not as flaky..more dense) and I think it was made with corn syrup, rather than honey. It had a ton of cinnamon shaken onto it and was a little too sweet with a strong cinnamon flavor.   Overall, the food is good and our server was so nice! I will definitely come back for the lamb.  They said they may start doing belly dancing/music for entertainment a couple nights per week, so I will be on the lookout!
4	If 4.5 were possible, Athena would get a 4.5.Went here with the parents a couple nights ago for the first time, randomly came across it and decided to check it out... being the fans of Greek food that we are. Angelo was our server and he alone claims 4 out of those 5 stars. His service was amazing - he was attentive, helpful and friendly and more. He even managed to give my dad a quick lesson about Greek greetings/salutations.The food... seriously, you cannot walk away from this place and not order their grilled octopus appetizer. The best octopus I've ever had, and I love me some seafood. Amazingness. I could've had another 10 more servings of that stuff if my stomach were big enough. The lamb kebab was great. The sample platter was good. That was probably the part that I was least excited about. Lamb was a little dry, as was the eggplant in the mousaka, but otherwise no complaints. I didn't bother to try the dolmades, but my parents loved them. Said they were some of the best ones they've had. Then there was dessert, that I didn't really have room for, but Angelo said it was on him, as an early birthday celebration for my dad (dad mentioned in some part of the conversation that his bday was a couple weeks away). The dessert was DELISH! Don't remember what it was called, but it's shaved filo w/ honey (almost like a baklava) topped with a custard, and then whip cream. YUM! I would also have had 10 more servings of it.All in all, great experience. The people working there are great, and made our time even better. I'll be back here, even if I have to drive all the way across town.
1	Great service, but the food was horrible!!!! The service was the the highlight of the night. Our server was friendly and always made sure we were take care of.  The food was over spiced, very salty and was heated in a Microwave. It was a pre made TV dinner. Would never return to this place!!!
5	Ate here tonight with my husband and toddler and it was amazing!!!  We loved everything about it - the friendly atmosphere, the attentive, warm service, and the food was incredible.  Everything here is made from scratch and comes in very generous portions.  The smelt was perfect as was the hummus, gyro plate and chocolate mousse.  Eat here - you will enjoy yourself!
3	I took my parents here after reading the reviews on Yelp.  I was really hoping to love this place because there aren't that many Greek restaurants in the Phoenix area, and I wanted to have a place I could take my parents and my Greek husband and in-laws to.  The minute we stepped foot in this place, I knew it would probably be the last time we would go to Athena Greek.  The hostesses were very slow and unfriendly.  It took us waaay too long for them to even acknowledge our presence while a long line formed behind us.  The waiter who came by to take our order was nice, but that was one of three times we saw him for the two and a half hours we were there that night.  The other two times were when we got our dishes and when we paid for the dinner.  The food took forever to arrive, and instead of getting pastitio and moussaka on our combination plate, we got two cold slices of pastitio.  I'm giving Athena Greek three stars for the delicious appetizers, sea bass, and roasted chicken, and the apology from our waiter for the food taking so long to be ready.  We went on a Saturday night so there was live Greek music, which was probably the highlight of our entire night.
4	Went there with high school friends while visiting.  Last time they went, Athena was a Mexican restaurant with a different name.  It's been a while between this review and since I ate there, so I cannot give you details about my meal.  However, I do know that we all enjoyed our meal.  There service was very good.  The entertainment (music) was...entertaining.If you like Greek cuisine, and you're in the area, give it a try.There's indoor and outdoor seating, plenty of TVs.
5	This place is true greek. They have a great Happy Hour with food and drink specials until 6pm. The Greek Spaghetti - of all things - is truly one of the most amazing meals I have eaten. I eat here all the time and the service is perfect.
5	Amazing new Greek restaurant.  We've been waiting for a place that understands Greek food and the way whole fish should be cooked and prepared Greek-style.  Superb whole black sea bass, saganaki was terrific, excellent Greek salad.  Our waitrerss Jenna had enough energy to light up a small town.  Low noise levels which is important to us.  Priced right for such high quality and ample portions.  Can't think of any improvements needed.  Our new favorite place.
4	If I were judging this based purely on my meal; the Gyro plate, it would be 5+ stars.. However I have to factor in the 3 other meals we ordered, and they were not anything to get excited about. In addition to my Gyro plate, we ordered the calamari appetizer, the sizzling cheese appetizer (I forget the name), the sampler meal, and the kabob. The sampler, and the kabob were so so, and neither person who ordered those were totally thrilled. The calamari was a little rubbery, but not horrible. The cheese appetizer was good though :) The star of the show however was clearly the Gyro plate that two of us ordered. Oh man it was good. Tender, yet crispy. Full of flavor, and I really liked the relish on top. I was a bit disappointed that they cut up the Pita into small pieces, and it was clearly not a freshly made Pita. Had this meal come with whole, freshly made Pitas, I think I would have setup camp, and refused to leave the building. So, in my opinion, You should travel long and far for the Gyro plate, but if you don't want Gyro's, go somewhere else.
4	Lunch specials rock at this place! The gyro was bigger than what I'm used to, and for $6.99 it comes with fries or a side salad. Ive also had the moussaka, which was great, even though it was crazy rich. It came with green beans doused in a great tasting marinara. At first look this looked scary, but tasted amazing! I didn't have dessert, but a friend had the baklava $5.50 and said it was terrific, albeit over priced. I can't wait  to go back and try more dishes!
4	Everything was great! Everything was well seasoned and delicious. A little more expensive than your average Greek place, but the norm for Greek is a 'hole in the wall'.  The great service and atmosphere compensate for the price though. Highly Recommend!
5	I am very picky with my Greek lemon soup. For instance, Daphneys has a good soup but I can make the same at home by adding a few things to canned soup. Now Athena has some amazing lemonsoup!  I got it one day on my way home from work and I was so glad I did. It was fresh and had the perfect flavor. Their pitas will make you drool. I still ha e to try more on their menu so this was definitely a review on the soup :)
4	Tried out Athena recently with some co workers and went there for lunch.Everybody liked what they ordered. i ordered the lamb gyro which was great. I love lamb and am also very picky about it when Iorder. But this was perfect softness and flavor. The size of the helping was also adequate. The others had  the pork chops and the lamb combination plate which won points as well. The  service is good and the ambience is very hip and stylish. Will definitely go there again. Tip: If you go there for lunch, you may have to specifically ask for the lunch menu , they dont present it upfront.
4	Had the gyro platter,The plate came out with potatoes, stemmed squash, the gyro that's was lamb covered in a sauce along with onions and tomatoes, tazhini, and maybe six small Pisces of pita. The portion was large and very filling. The flavors where great after I scraped off the sauce and tomatoes off the lamb. It was a lil loud but it was a very nice place and had great service.
4	I've been to Athena twice now, and been delighted both times.  First time I had the Athena Combo platter, which gives a nice assortment of tastings, including pastitsio, moussaka, dolmades in avgolemono sauce, and braised lamb with potatoes and vegetables, enough to take home for dinner the next day.  I've also had the smelt, vegetarian dolmades, hummus, flaming saganaki cheese, and lamb chops (they have two kinds, both small and double cut) - all were wonderful.  My second visit was with a Greek foodie, who gave it two thumbs up. There's also a nice selection of Greek wines.  The Hatzimichalis Cabernet Sauvignon was especially delicious.Service was warm and attentive.  A band (not quite traditional buozouki) was playing both nights, rather loud, so we asked for seating as far away as possible from them so that we could converse but still enjoy the music.  There was also a talented belly dancer performing both evenings.  It's great to have this addition to the neighborhood, offering not only good Greek food, but a dining experience.
5	I am officially a regular here. I adore this place and all of the people in it. On the weekends you get the true Greek experience with music and dancing and even a belly dancer. Amazing. I have had almost everything on the menu and everything is perfect. I would not change a thing. Some of the BEST Martinis in the city have also come out of here. The Bartender used to work at Blue Martini so he is really good at the craft of martinis. Go here - eat, drink and be happy - this place breeds happiness and culture!
4	Went here with friends on a Saturday night. Reservations recommended. It was very busy. The food was good. Large portions and properly seasoned. We had the lamb kabobs, spanakopita, spicy feta dip, hummus and tzatziki. Great wine selection. Decor is typical Athenian design and there are a few "cheesy" elements (appetizer that is flambeed in front of your table with the server yelling, "OPA!" as it lights and a belly dancer). Overall a decent experience.
1	Very poor service, waited 5-10 min on the patio before my waiter came... another 5 min before I could order just a drink and I left after no drink came in the next 5 to 10 min - as for the free happy hour appetizers - they where really bad.... I would rather pay then have terrible free food... these guys need serious improvement!!!
2	Upon arrival, you are excited for your dining experience. The owner (host) is the most engaging and friendly person in the entire building (to our dismay).  The waiter we end up (jokingly to ourselves) calling Oscar the Grouch b/c he is so crabby.  Plus, his shirt is unbuttoned so far, we are concerned about his chest hair going into our food (not that it did, but the thought was repulsive).   The decor is pleasing, if not a little over the top "Greek" - almost too much.  You can tell they wanted to make a good impression with the decorating.  The food is okay - didn't blow me away.  We were there on a Sunday for lunch - they apparently don't offer their lunch menu on Sundays.... strange.  The spanikopita is huge (too huge) and the potatoes are greasy and the veggies are drenched in butter (tastes good, but I'm not used to all that fat).  So, the meal was mediocre. We paid $100 for 4 people to eat lunch (including several appetizers, but no alcohol).  I thought it was a bit steep for a Sunday lunch.  I'm sure the other people that had dinner there with all the hoopla of the belly dancing, etc. got their money's worth, but we were a little underwhelmed.  I am a huge fan of smaller mom/pop hole in-the-wall treasures - this is not that type of place.  If the owner wasn't so friendly upon our arrival, I would have probably given this place a lower rating.  The service is just so-so, and the food is fair (although I would recommend the hummus appetizer, but ask for extra pita - they only bring about 6 little triangles of pita).  I think that most of the better reviews of this place were when they were first open.  Good luck if you want to venture out and try this place...
3	Let' start off with I'm Greek so I know the good stuff.  Athena, to me, is just ok; however, in fairness, all I had was the walnut cake (good and traditionally made), a Greek salad (ok) and a cup of avgolemeno soup which I couldn't taste any chicken or lemon in so it rates a "meh."  Plus, the soup has waaay too much cornstarch filler in it so it fools people into thinking it's rich and thick.  Not good.  However, I have to say that the waitresses were superb--very, very quick, very personable--just absolutely the best there is!  Great service, at least, for lunch on a weekday!  Would I go back?  Yeah, I'd love to try their lamb for dinner or some of their specialties someday. Other than that, it's a pretty restaurant with the typical overpriced Scottsdale menu.
4	This is traditional Greek food for reasonable prices, the lunch specials are a steal and huge portions.  I LOVE the fried zucchini actually the garlic spread that comes with it is superb.  The service the first time I was there was ok, the second time excellent.  I find myself craving Athena frequently.
5	This is a fabulous restaurant!  I took a first date here, and it was a definite score!  The atmosphere was perfect, the wait staff was exceptional, they have the best authentic Greek food I have found anywhere, and on the weekends, they have some great live entertainment that makes the atmosphere even better!  Excellent... 5 stars!
5	Went there on a whim last night.  The Basketball game was on outside on the patio and the crowd was good.  I had the calamari and tabouli and both were very good.  I sat inside and out so the bartender was my server and she was great...attentive and knowledgeable.  I will go back soon !
5	This has to be one of my favorite places to go. Everything I have tried on their menu was delicious. Personal favorite is the chicken Athena (spinach and feta stuffed chicken with this yummy yummy sauce. veggies and greek potatoes on the side) I've had dreams about this before. The service has always been very friendly.
5	Super great food, great service and great prices!
2	Bad kebab
4	Excellent food.  I enjoy going here for lunch and for dinner.
1	I should've known better when I entered Athena and it was hotter inside than outside. Yet I was craving some gyros and hummus and had heard good things about this place. I should've walked out when the host grabbed the last few crayons from the bowl for my son and the bowl was lovingly garnished with dead fly bodies. Man I'm an idiot.I should've gotten up from the table when after five minutes we were completely ignored by several servers waiting for a glass of water, but I thoroughly enjoyed not only the company that I was with, but also the dozen or so extra diners that joined us by landing on our napkins, forks and faces. I should've sent back the dip platter that was finally delivered thirty minutes after ordering. Especially because I find warm tsatsiki gross, hummus that separated into an unrecognizable film probably sometime the day before and the feta dip thoughtfully studded with wilted olives. But I digress, at least my son's fries were accompanied by ketchup so wonderful and distinct it had broken into a clear layer of oil and another layer of powdery grit, but that's probably just because it sits out in the kitchen for several hours to fully mature.I should've asked for the manager and demanded my check to be waived, but I didn't, I just didn't. I should've gone to Arby's.
1	Why would I give this restaurant 1 star?  I had to.  There is no zero rating!  Raw shrimp, cold food, crappy service, and I don't care to put it right attitude.  Save your money and your time.
4	Great food for the money. Got a bad k-bob but the owner redone it and it  was the best lamb I have ever had and he comped our desert. We went back two days ago. Try the combo plate. Did the YELP RESERVATION.
5	dinner service is much better than lunch service!get the sampler platters to try different greek apps and entrees!the owners and managers are great!
2	Definitely, not-a- step-up .....nor is it, a step down, from your typical Greek place.The only step-up that occurs, is the step-up, on Dinner prices.The same items on the Lunch menu.......... step up in price on the Dinner menu.Was this learned in Greek Business 101 ??My Wife, likes this place.Me, I don't feel good about, being advantaged.Their Happy Hour, is a good deal.I give them an OPA (thats the shout they give, when they light THE Saganaki).For details on Happy Hour & menu prices, see their Web SiteMy Ethics .... My Standards:Every business starts with one star ..... GETTING MORE .... HAS TO BE EARNED.
3	Meh. We love Greek food and went there with friends after purchasing a Groupon. It was ok, not great. In fact, I think there are better Greek/Mediterranean places in town. There was a band playing inside which was a nice, but it was too loud. The patio was lovely, and there was a breeze, but the smokers on either side of us marred the experience. I had gyro's and my husband had the combination platter. The food was good, but not great. To be honest, the best part of the meal was dessert. The service was fast, but not so sure I would go back.
2	The owner was a gracious host. The server was nice, and attentive. The ambiance is pleasant.  Just one problem...the dinner we had was not great at all.  The saganaki cheese had a real goaty smell and taste.  The lemon-egg soup had too much corn starch.  The dolmathes were WAY too salty....hey, guys, please rinse off the brine soaked grape leaves, please!...the greek potatoes were tasteless and cool.  the veggie selection was a plus.. This was our only outing here, so to be fair, a person should probably try another main dish before making a final opiion.
3	Went to Athena with a lot of expectations however was disappointed. There were some classic Greek dishes but I don't think the taste was all that great
4	I returned here for lunch with a friend the other day and had a really good meal. It was a good amount of food for a small price. I had the lunch gyro with a greek salad on the side. You can get fries if you want. The gyro was big and the meat had great flavor. The salad was good too, it had dill in it and I liked that.  I'm not sure why I waited so long to come back, but I won't wait again. The manager or owner, Petros, came over and talked to us and also gave us both free chocolate mousse desserts! That was so nice and really yummy too!
5	I dined here with my wife and a friend the other night for a couple of hours and really enjoyed the food, the service (thanks Dan) and of course my dinner companions. I just can't believe I have never been here before the other night. My friend suggested this restaurant since he said he's been there a couple of times and has enjoyed it each time. He was treating so I didn't really care about the pricing. Somehow food always tastes better whenever someone else is footing the bill. We were celebrating some business referrals I sent him that turned into sales.We ordered a plate of Hummus, Feta Cheese and some other spread with pita bread which was just ok, nothing spectacular. We were served never ending bread all night, it was fantastic when dipped in olive oil. The appetizer that was the hit of the night for me was the grilled octopus. OMG - live a little people and step outside of your box and try the grilled octopus instead of  the calamari.My friend had the Leg of Lamb with the green beans. He shared a little with me. It was a 3 star taste for me. The beans had a hint of cinnamon in them. My wife was stuffed with the appetizers and didn't order a main course.I had a Horiatiki side salad which is sometimes referred to as a Greek Hillbilly Salad. It normally consists of tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, green bell peppers, feta cheese, olive oil, oregano and kalamata olives. The fresh ingredients made this salad a winner. I ordered the special which was Braised Lamb with Eggplant. The lamb fell off the bone and was succulent and eggplant had a mushy consistency and was a perfect complement to the lamb. The main course reminded me of the Greek Islands in Chicago. And I find out from reading the previous reviews that the owner and chef are from Chicago. No wonder this place rocks since I went home and crashed into a blissful food coma.So if you're looking for a home cooked dinner, go over to Athena and enjoy.
3	This place has its ups and downs. The interior is spacious and nicely designed. I have yet to have any problem with the wait staff, they are always courteous and timely. Most of the food I enjoyed, Loved the Saganaki, Pastitsio, both pork and chicken souvlaki, and their Dolmades are delicious without the often bitter flavor associated with them. The leg of lamb and Moussaka was so-so. The rice and veggies are very good, the squash especially.A great place for lunch. Like others have noted, their dinner prices double for the exact or almost exact same thing. I have eaten their multiple time at both time periods and servings size for the things I have tried have been the same for lunch or dinner. So I would suggest going for lunch.
1	I would have given ZERO stars if it was an option.   Service was terrible.  we ordered fried zucchini, there was more breading than zucchini. We asked server what was the name of the dip he was serving with the zucchini, he said IT IS A DIP.  Never came back with a better explanation.   We each ordered Gyro platters and were served VERY cold gyro meat.  My daughter  got a chicken kabob.  It was four very tiny bites of chicken overcooked and seasoned with a vey strong yellow seasoning.  She is not a picky eater but would not eat this.  we are from Chicago, and know our way around Greek town. They would be out of  business in a week  in Chicago.  Restaurant is quite beautiful, so what a shame.  Should have known it was going to suck when we opted not to wait an hour at white chocolate and went here and it was virtually empty with the exception of the patio. Terrible service.  Not once did they inquire why we had not touched the food on our plates. They never cleared appetizer plates or dinner plates.  had to chase them down for refills and check.
4	The food was, authentic and just what I was looking for. The staff was Falling all over us. This is my new Greek spot.
3	Although the service was good, the food was lackluster. I ordered a $27 filet-mignon that lacked quality presentation. Looked like it had been just slopped together. Not worth the price!
4	Spanakopita entree was delicious, especially the sumptuous flaky crust.  Baklava dessert was among the better I've had in the Phoenix area as well.  This newly remodeled place has a few white table cloths, properly dressed & trained staff (mine was, at least), and good food at reasonable prices.  I hit them before the lunch rush and received great service, and food was up right away.
3	I heard some great things about this place and I really love Greek food.  The greeter was so excited to have us join them for dinner.  The hummus and pita were tasty and my spanakopita was delicious too.  The music selection was quite strange for a Greek restaurant and it was hard to concentrate while they had someone hammering on the door to the patio.  We finished our meal with some tasty desserts that I highly recommend.
2	Overpriced.  In all fairness, I got take out, so I wont knock them for presentation.  However, quality was fair at best. Possibly just a bad dish (chicken kabobs)?.....doubt it.   I guarantee the dish (including sides) was reheated and cooked earlier this week.
1	Terrible. Me and my hubby went here back in Jan for our anniversary. We waited nearly 2 hours for our food. When it finally arrived, it turned out that they had run out of the Lamb my husband had ordered, and they brought him some pasta plate to compensate for it. And after all this, they didn't even offer a discount on our bill. Never eating here again.
5	AMAZING food, AMAZING service, AMAZING PLACE!  I almost NEVER give a full 5 stars, however this place GETS it!!!
2	A coworker went here and raved about the lamb, so I had to try it. I must not have had the same lamb because I ate about half out of hunger and then when the waitress asked if I wanted the rest boxed up I said no and she made this face: :-(The atmosphere inside was very strange to me as well. It was a very large ornate space with large tables/booths yet it still felt cheap. The live band in the other room I had to climb over on my way to the bathroom was an interesting touch, but again I couldn't tell if it was fancy or cheap. It kinda reminded me of Vegas in that way.
4	Our first visit to Athena was a great one! Always drove by but never stopped. We are quite the foodie family and love authentic cuisine. Everyone was super friendly from the second we walked in the door from the staff to the owner. There was live Greek music playing (a Sat. Night) which topped off our authentic Greek dining experience. We ordered the Tzatziki, Scordalia, & Hummus cold combo appetizer plate to share & my husband had the fried Smelts. Now being Italian and not Greek he grew up on the East Coast enjoying Smelts, since moving to Scottsdale 5 yrs. ago we have yet to find but 1 Italian restaurant that even knew what smelts were let alone serve them. They were great!! Then all of us had the Chicken Souvlaki Kebabs with delicious rice with veggies. My kids loved them too! Tender very flavorful chicken well seasoned that we highly recommend to anyone! We also had a free dessert offered on Yelp for checking in! Ghalaktoboureko-Semolina cream custard filled filo, delish! We will definatley be back and recommend to others! A true Greek dining experience in Scottsdale!
5	My husband and I ate here on a recent trip to Phoenix.   We arrived early, so the restaurant was mostly empty.   We were treated like royalty by the servers, and had a thoroughly enjoyable experience.Because we were starving, of course we over ordered.   By the time we finished the delicious mixed appetizer plate of eggplant spread, garlic spread and hummus, along with a shared greek salad, our entrees were a little bit of overkill, but so yummy and wonderful that we decided to cast moderation to the wind and dig in.My entree was the amazing Athena Combination that included healthy portions of roasted lamb, moussaka, pastitsio, and house made dolmades.   Everything on that plate was beautifully prepared, and exceptionally delicious.   I make these dishes at home, I'm a food snob and I have nothing but raves and praises for the wealth of flavor, texture, and pure Greek deliciousness that was on that plate.  It is very difficult to make a tasty, fluffy, creamy bechamel.  What came atop my moussaka was nothing short of heavenly.  I don't know how they created such sophistication of flavor and texture from an often mundane dish like pastitsio, but I will be dreaming about that dish for a long time.   It was flat out amazing.    The lamb was cooked to perfection, full of juicy deliciousness.   I could eat those succulent dolmades all day every day.  My husband enjoyed the Shrimp Athena in worshipful silence.  All I can tell you about that is that he cleaned his plate, and I had no room or inclination to roam from my own plate full of sensuous scrumptiousness, so I did not venture a sample.   The  attractive decor, friendly, attentive, happy smiling staff, and the delectable food have put Athena Greek Cuisine on our top 10 list of restaurants in the Phoenix area.We have one complaint, and it is a very serious one.    There is no taramasalata on the menu!!
5	Great food! Great service! Great atmosphere! They have the best Saganaki (opa!!), Eggplant spread (melizanosalata), Pastitsio & Moussaka around!! The next closest place with this kind of great food is probably in Chicago!!
5	I've lived in Greece so am very picky when it comes to Greek food in the US. Most places I've tried have Americanized their menu. Not necessarily a bad thing, but if you're looking for genuine Greek food, it is.Athena is the real deal. I measure Greek restaurants by their salad. A true Greek salad (horiatiki salata) does not have lettuce. Lettuce is added to appease Americans who associate a "salad" with lettuce. Athena has two salads. One called a Greek Salad which has lettuce (presumably to appease Americans who have come to expect it) and their Greek Village salad which is made EXACTLY like an authentic Greek salad. I was pleasantly surprised. It was outstanding.Their Gyro is perfect and their Tzatziki is thick like traditionally found in Greece. Their saganaki is made with kefalograviera cheese and finished flambe tableside. Fantastic.As far as Greek restaurants go, I cannot recommend Athena more.
4	closed
3	closed???
1	Purchased 3 Groupons for this place and used 2 of them.  Had the Gyro platter, which was "meh".  Went back to use my 3rd Groupon and the place was closed for business.Return Factor - 0%
