4	Yeah, I know it's a chain, but it's a good chain. Really dig their Thai chicken pizza, and the appetizers arre above average. It may be overdone but I can't help liking the place. It's also a good go-to choice when you can't all agree on what you want to eat. At CPK there's always a pizza to suit everyone!
4	Pretty nice. I was reluctant to go at first but it was totally not disappointment. Menu has a ton of items and most of them somewhat unusual and interesting. We had tandoori chicken pizza and it was pretty Ok, as far as pizzas from this kind of joints go. Salads looked very enticing as well. I think its pretty nice."I like"Eugene
5	I love the individual pizzas but the macaroni and cheese is beyond TO DIE FOR.  The best I have had in my life.
3	This is a solid place to go for lunch.  They have good lunch-sized salads that fill you up and the wait staff is pretty good if you let them know that you have only an hour for lunch.  My faves are any of the salads or the Sicilian style pizzas.  The regular crust ones are just a tad bit oily for me.
1	They must not associate their name with pizza.
2	C-P Que???I thought this place was supposed to be fantastic. I had a personal steak, pesto and onion pizza that was just average. $13 a pizza is not average though. Not that good, and too expensive.
4	Ok, they've made up for that first pizza. I had the Mango Tandoori Chicken Pizza and it was delicious. I even ate the crust, and I never eat the crust! This pizza really was worth the price. I'll definitely go there again.
3	I gave this CPK 3 stars merely because I am in love with their spinach artichoke dip right now. Crazy phase, I know. My girlfriends and I went here after a long day of shopping at Chandler Mall and it was pretty much a let down. Service wise. Just because the business is slow does not mean that service has to match its pace. WE waited to be seated about 10 min when barely anybody was seated at that time(around 2:30pm) then out of all tables we were seated way towards the back near the bathrooms(maybe I smelled) we waited, and waited, and waited finally our server came and took our order. We received our food in good time Ill give them that. But then I had to personally get out of my seat to find the server or any server at that  to receive our check...hmmm Good food. Work on the service.
3	Fast at lunch time that's for sure.I had a thin crust tomato and basil, skimpy on the basil and wasn't that hot but I was starving so it sufficed.My client had the meat cravers pizza or something ilke that, she loved it.The side salad was pretty barren but the lettuce was very fresh so I did appreciate that.Jose Luis was a very attentive server.
4	Been to a couple CPKs (Tempe, Chandler, and Hollywood) and will always go back. Love their thing crust and usually get a few added things on them. Ice tea and beer are both tasty, too. Great location if you're taking the kid to Harkins for a film or just finished a day shopping in Chandler Mall.If you want to pick up food, call ahead, and drive right up to the back door to get your food delievered to your car.
4	I'm a big fan of the Chicken Pesto Pizza and chicken lettuce wraps! Can be a little pricey with drinks but overall good and consistent for chain restaurant.
5	We really like the food here. Their things are not your typical food that you find at an average eatery. This is a mecca for vegetarians and also for meat lovers alike. I am surprised by the average reviews for this place because this location is ALWAYS packed.Food is always fresh, tastes awesome and even our lil'un loves their macaroni and cheese.This place is not inside the food court but is infact right outside near Starbucks and BJ's.
2	I don't particularly like chain restaurants, but when getting a relatively large family together, sometimes a chain is the only way to go.  California Pizza Kitchen is a frequent choice for our family, as we all have various dietary restrictions that this restaurant can easily accommodate.The gem (and the drawback) of this place is consistency.  The food is consistently good (not great, but not mediocre).  The service is consistently bad, mediocre on a good day.Our most recent trip resulted in a dinner mistake that both the server and the manager defended, though it was clear that a mistake had been made.  This is not the first time that I've been on the receiving end of that type of conversation, and it makes me wonder just what makes the staff here so condescending to the needs and requests of customers.My aunt ordered a pizza Margherita, but asked for sliced tomatoes on top in lieu of the sauce.  If the staff spoke the lingo of New York-style pizza restaurants, she would have ordered a white pizza with sliced tomatoes.  Regardless, she was incredibly clear with the waitress what she wanted, and her order was repeated back verbatim.  The five of us at the table all believed that everyone was on the same page.However, when the food actually came out, it was clear that our server was not on the same page as our family.  She explained that, upon placing the order for the pizza, that the tomatoes normally on the pizza (a diced variety, supposedly part of a "chunky sauce") WERE the sauce, so she had the kitchen go ahead and make the pizza without tomatoes.  "Was that okay?" she asked, apparently suddenly unsure of her decision as she was just now bringing everyone our food.First, the decision was contrary to what my aunt had asked for.  She asked for tomatoes, but no sauce.  While the kitchen may put diced tomatoes on this particular pizza, I have ordered varieties of pizza at that very restaurant before with sliced tomatoes (the requested substitution).  I'm not sure why sliced tomatoes were impossible, but they were.  Furthermore, it is up to the server to communicate about substitutions with the kitchen.  It seems that, had she done a bit more probing, she could have had the right pizza brought out the first time.Second, if the kitchen is somehow completely unable to make that kind of pizza, she should check with the table BEFORE putting the order through.  Her decision to just wait until the order was out left my aunt waiting an additional twenty minutes for another pizza to be made.  Our experience would have been totally different if she had spent 45 seconds checking back in with us to communicate about what our options really were.When the manager was brought over, he asserted the server's story that the tomatoes are part of the sauce, and because my aunt asked for "tomatoes but no sauce," the kitchen went ahead and made the pizza without the sauce.  Only after a few minutes of discussion did he offer to have the pizza re-made with diced tomatoes.While they attempted to rectify it by comping the pizza, the damage had been done; our experience had been ruined by our server's decision to not confirm her understanding of my aunt's request.I wouldn't rate this a two-star restaurant if I hadn't had SEVERAL similar experiences here.  It must be the management, as other CPKs that I've visited throughout the valley are quite good.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants to eat lunch at & I often call them for to go orders. I have tried all of the pizza's at CPK & have never been disappointed. I must say the sicilian is my absolute favorite. If you like pizza with a lot of sauce, I would recommend asking for extra when ordering.When you go to the pizza kitchen I recommend ordering a salad too. Their ranch dressing is unique & truly fantastic! The staff is always friendly & prompt. I have been waited on by a young man named Jeff regularly. His knowledge of the menu is complete. The rest of the crew is wonderful too, I just havent had the pleasure of seeing anyone else more than once (so I dont remember any names!) I love how they always inform you about any specials, as well as their personal favorites.They have a full bar & their bloody mary is spicy & well worth the money. I have never ordered a drink in this restaurant that was not good. Bravo CPK! I will see you for lunch in 20 ;)
3	Went today. One of my fav chains I know I can count on. Today my BBQ Chicken Pizza was of course, delish as always. And their ceasar salad is always good too. I must tell you that they have a new honey wheat crust, DO NOT GET IT! I didnt know it was new and when my pizza came I kept biting down on something "hard". So when our Awesome waitress came by to see how our food was, I questioned if it was the "honey wheat crust, bc my pizza didnt taste like "normal", she said yes but we did get a new honey crust that people are not liking :) She offered to replace my pizza and I said no thats ok. Which is out of the norm for me, she pretty much twisted my arm into having it replaced and Im glad I did. So I left once again, very pleased. Also, I would go here for curbside somewhat regularly but I have decided its a bit pricey for carry out, so its no longer on my carry out list. ** One last note, The last few times, prior to this visit when we walked in smelled of "rotten eggs", maybe a sewer issue? And we refused to stay. We are pleased to announce the smell wasnt there and we can finally go as often as we like. Thumbs up to CPK!!
3	I'm not from CA so this is not the norm for me. My idea of pizza is more traditional. But when I want something a tad different, this place will suffice. This location has consistently treated us with great service. My issue with CPK (in general) is that you pay quite a bit for what amounts to a pie that is only slightly larger than a personal size pie. We also tried the small cravings Mediterranean plate and seriously that is a joke of a serving, again overpriced. I like the notion of smaller serving sizes but do not appreciate that they don't price it accordingly.
4	I've always had a good experience at these establishments, no matter the location, and PST weekend was no exception. Still love the variety of pizzas, and am glad to see some new things on the menu.
3	Who thinks of California for pizza?  And who goes to a pizza kitchen for pasta?  Well I did.Judging by the 4 or 5 other tables not many others seemed to think this way. Fyi the near by oregano's had a 1hr wait at the same time.It was a Sunday night so that means it was time for a our family trip for chain Italian food. We started the meal with a pizza as an app, The wild mushroom pizza $12.99. A bit steep for an app, but their app selection is quite limited. The pizza seemed a bit soggy by time it arrived with our meals, the mushrooms were good, but the cheese had congealed..For my main I stayed on the mushroom kick and got the mushroom ravioli with red sauce an vein attempt to be healthy. $11.99. It was good enough with copious amounts of Parmesan cheese and red pepper. nothing special.The bread that came with our meal was cold and a bit stale, like the business this place seems to be getting.Overall nothing special and not a good value, but no wait and that matters when you are hungry.
4	We arrived before lunch crowd... the wait was zero... We had the new Chicken - artichoke pizza (thin crust) it was sooo delicious! We also had the roasted vegetable salad with asparagus, artichoke, corn sun dried tomatoes and red/yellow peppers... i personally loved the roasted artichoke flavor.. my friend thought the salad was somewhat bland.  The dressing was good. Raspberry lemonade was a bit sweet for me but good.So I would be going back for sure!
5	Ok so I will be honest, I have never tried the pizza here. I know I know, how can I go to a pizza place and not get the pizza??? Three words: Barbecue chicken salad!!! I made the mistake of trying this salad the first time I came and have not been able to get away from it since. Its all I order! I get mine with avocado, you should do it too. You will not be sorry. I know people who have tried their pizza and say its pretty good. I do like the fact that they have whole wheat crust so if my salad ever gets taken off the menu (which is known to happen to me), then I may try their pizza with the whole wheat crust. Oh we had them cater a lunch at work and they were pleasant to deal with and made sure we had everything we ordered and needed. Did get to try their chicken salad sammich on foccacia and that was very tasty as well. This is by far one of the better chains out there currently. You must go here and try their BBQ chicken salad, you will be a fan for life! Just don't expect it to help you lose weight   ;)
2	All I can say is that the drinks are pretty stiff in price and in strength so at least you get what you pay for. However, I typically hate chains and CPK is no different in being overpriced for the miniscule and okay tasting food that you receive. However, I would not rank it as terrible, their pizzas are pretty tasty but everything else is kinda lackluster.
1	This location needs to improve their service big time. I hardly ever eat here and only ate here to use up some free meal coupons they gave me since my one visit here was dismal and wound up in a comped bill and they also sent me free meal coupons. Without these free meals I would NEVER come back here. I'll refrain from going into too much detail on my one disasterous visit but this place was a complete joke that day even though they were slow and it took them 45 minutes to bring out our order which were salads....and an inatttentive waitress who was avoiding our table because she knew we were pissed, did not help. So I complained to corporate and got sent my free meals. First visit we used 2 of the free meal coupons. Service was good, from a young man. Food is good, not great, my husband has had better pasts dishes elsewhere but it was good. A week later we came back to use up the second batch of our free meal coupons and we ordered the artichoke/spinach dip as an appetizer. That took 20 minutes to get out to us and it was only luke warm. I asked the waiter what took so long and why was it not hot and he admitted to us he forgot to put the order in and had to rush it. Nice. So there is obvious a service issue here. The rest of the meal was ok..I love the BBQ chicken pizza. Otherwise there is no reason to eat here. Crappy service, just ok food. I must be bad luck...2 out of the last 3 visits we had service issues so probably best I just stay clear of this place.
1	California Pizza Kitchen has always been one of those places that everyone can agree on. The menu is big enough where there is something for everyone and usually everyone walks away happy. Lately though, the quality of the food as gone way down. Before I went vegetarian I used to always get the chicken waldorf salad and it was always so good. I love the blue cheese and the candied walnuts. They were addicting. Since I've become vegetarian I settled on the hummus appetizer, grilled vegetable salad, and the wild mushroom pizza. Recently though, they have completed revamped the menu, adding new items, taking old favorites off. For some places, menu changes mean new and exciting food opportunities and makes the visit to that place even better. Not for CPK. Recently, since beginning to use yelp, I have wanted to try new places and veer away from old favorites or places that I am used to. However, I tend to have friends and family members who are food-borists... Ya I just invented a new word. A food-borist is someone who never wants to try anything new, and will eat at the same place and order the same exact thing all of the time. My friends are this way. It never fails. Any time one of them has a birthday I get an invitation to eat at CPK and every time I groan. Even before I swore off CPK forever, I was getting extremely tired of it. The second to the last time I went was for my birthday with some friends. I ordered the new roasted vegetable salad and a cup of the vegetarian tortilla soup. I used to love the grilled vegetable salad and was pissed when they replaced it on the menu with roasted vegetable salad. Not good. I struggled through it because my friends paid for my dinner and I didn't want to waste their money. But it was gross, and I vowed never to order it again. The soup was good though. The last time I went was with my sister, husband and niece. This time I ordered the new caramelized peach salad. On the menu, most of the new items sound really good. Its just the execution of them that fails CPK. The peach salad was gross. The peaches were canned and then warmed, and I also saw no caramelization whatsoever. The combination of the peaches with the gorgonzola (my favorite cheese of all time) was so unappetizing. I didn't even get through half of the salad before I said forget it. My husband ordered the garlic cream fettuccine and added sauteed mushrooms and was upset by this as well. The portion size was really small and it was extremely salty. My sister ordered the barbecue cobb salad which was almost entirely jicama. She barely ate half as well because it was just a giant jicama salad! They skimped on all of the other items in the salad and just pretty much covered some jicama in barbecue dressing. The pricing at CPK has also become outrageous. It was almost $13 for my salad. For a salad! Does anyone else find that wrong? Considering the ingredients, my salad should have cost $7, tops! Pasta is expensive, pizzas were generally reasonable for awhile but those prices have been raised as well. For such a casual dining place the prices are just exorbitant. The service also sucks. Our waitress probably spent two minutes total the entire meal at our table. No refilled waters, no how is everything. She was just rushing around everyone else's table except ours. So we all have made a vow never to return to any CPK. Especially the one in the Chandler Fashion Center. Before I went vegetarian, I got a lovely surprise one morning after eating here and was graced with food poisoning for two days. That was a great experience.
5	I am going to say that we were impressed by this place. Of course i have been too many CPK"s in AZ and CA. I found nothing wrong with this one at all. We had a 10 min wait. Not bad for a Saturday night. We wanted a large booth and we got one. Our waitress checked on us many times so that was really good of her. She bought us water and lemon with a straw. Something i love!    We had the Peach and Gorgonzola cheese salad with Salmon. OMG fantastic! Then a Wild mushroom Pizza. So very good. We had a great meal and great service. Making for a great Saturday night.
2	The BF and I went here tonight because we were going to a movie and didn't feel like mexican food (which is too bad because abuelos would have been much much better). We wanted a lighter dinner. So he had the bbq chicken salad with no dressing (just BBQ sauce). His was decent, but for 10$ (for the half salad!) was unsatisfactory. It was kind of small and had very little chicken, tomatoes, and corn. It would be nice if the chicken on the salad was hot.... it was not awesome, but not terrible. I got the half peach salad....it was alright, but had possibly a whole red onion in it..... it was super oniony to the point where at the end of the salad I had more onion left than I had eaten (with onion in almost every bite). A bit overwhelming, but the rest of the salad was fine. It had some cranberries and nuts, but could have had more of that, less onion. We also split the chicken quesadilla small plate, which was decent, tasted like their baja tortilla spring roll. I just felt for two half salads and 4 small pieces of quesadilla 24$ was a bit steep. Despite all of this, our service was very good, but I still probably won't be back here soon.
4	Came here on a Tuesday night and the place was packed. Got seated right away, but the food came put a little slow. The server was on the ball though and brought something out for us in the meantime. You cannot beat the variety of pizza here.
5	LOVE the food!!!!
5	Friendly hostess, server was very nice. Clean place, I LOVE the med. focciahcha thing is great. Pizza was amazing. Could come here everyday lol.
4	CPK not CKYBy The RueWent to lunch at the CPK,At first I thought it was gonna be gay,My friend convinced me, said "no way",Their chef's think they're Bobby Flay.Appetizer was avacado egg rolls,No, I didn't draft Darren Sproles,They came on a plate, not in bowls,When I shoot I score goals!Lunch was a pizza with pear and gorgozola,It was amazing down to my soul-a,In Telluride I take the gondola,Only hippies and health nuts eat granola.The ice tea was fantastic,It made my body spastic,The food doesn't taste like plastic,Make sure you're wearing elastic. Temecula!!
3	Why only 3 stars??? Well it was the service and not the food.We have been here before and had really good food and really good service. Not last night. We came here for dinner,I was very tired after a long day of work. I just wanted Ice Tea. No alcohol,which I very rarely drink anyway. T went to wash her hands and asked me to order her a hot water with lemon.When our server Sareena came over and I gave her the drink order, she seemed miffed we did not want alcohol. She kept saying ,"you don't want any Cocktails???When did CPK become the boozing place, Anyway, she brought out the Ice tea and hot water, however, no lemon and she was holding the glass from the top. It is a glass coffee mug ,it has a handle. Why are you putting your fingers all over the tops of the cups.??? T had to go to get lemon and napkins. She never asked her if she wanted more Hot water,but she did refill my Ice Tea.We ordered the Chicken Waldorf Salad. Which was great ,but she never asked us what type of dressing we wanted. It has 2 choices.  Plus she never brought us bread, we had to ask for it.I got the Fish Tacos and they were quite good made with Mahi.T got the Kung Pao Pasta, with Shrimp. I sampled that as well and it was awesome.However, Sareena never picked up any dishes from our table or trash. The manager did a drive by and she cleaned up the table for us.Even the table behind us,yelled out to her, hey can we get some bread!I do not agree with that, but clearly she did not know the proceedure.When T asked for more hot water,as she was not offered any.  Our server once again brought out the cup by the top and when she put it down she actually ran her fingers over the lip one more time for good measure. IT HAS A HANDLE,WHY ARE YOU FINGERING THE CUPS! Of course T was freaked out,because she is such a germ aphobe anyway.But even I do not understand why you would serve a glass or cup like that.We have always had good service at CPK, but not last night. However, the food was very good.
2	I wanted to try something pizza other than Pizza Hut or Papa Johns.  I figured California Pizza Kitchen would have better quality pizza.  I ordered the 5 cheese and tomato pizza with regular crust.  The crust was so thin and tough to chew.  I'm scared to see what an actual thin crust pizza would be like.  Besides the tough crust, the pizza tasted fine. The size of the pizza is pretty small too for the price you pay.  My husband and I spent $27 just for pizza!  I think I'll go back to Papa Johns...
3	This mall is BUSY so if you hate being crowded by people or standing in lines, then you are in the wrong place.  However, the people at this location are very well trained.  Service is most excellent, in fact, pretty amazing.The food is CPK, so if you have been there, it is what to expect.  The pizza dough has an odd taste, I hardly ever have their pizzas due to that, but we did last night, and it was okay.  The appetizer salad with asparagus is A M A Z I N G, simple but delightful.  The pasta (I had alfredo) was good.
5	If you haven't been to CPK lately, then you are missing out!  They have revamped almost every aspect of their menu, while keeping the favorites intact!  Everything from their silverware to serving plates, to glassware has been upgraded.  And while the service has always been great, they have stepped it up a notch!  There are too many new things to try to mention here, but my personal favorite is the Cedar Plank Salmon with Corn Succotash.  Their pizzas have always been great, but they have found a way to improve them.  For example;  the Hawaiian pizza now comes with giant slices of pineapple instead of small chunks.  And the kids favorite Mac & Cheese is still as good as ever.......I always sneak a few bites off their plates!  The Avocado Spring Rolls are a meal in themselves, as are several of the other recent additions to the appetizer menu.  CPK is definitely on top of our list of family favorites.  And I am not sure how ling this is going to last......but they are validating parking at the Chandler Mall!
1	Went to this location for lunch last month (May 2013) and the service sucked... like beyond sucked. I had to wait at the door to be greeted... then was taken to a table. I literally sat there for 10 minutes before ANYONE came to the table to greet me or ask if I would like a beverage. And, to top it off, it was the hostess who came over because she noticed that no one had come over to me yet. She got my iced tea, and I saw her to over to a group of 3 waiters/waitresses who were standing in a group talking (I assume to tell someone that I was waiting). It took another 5 minutes before anyone came over. We were picking up our purses to leave when the waiter finally came over. He never apologized for the wait. I can't complain about the food. I got a sandwich and it was good... but the food at CPK is not my issue. I won't go back to this location... poor service (without apology) is a total restaurant turn-off for me.
4	I went to California Pizza Kitchen and didn't even have any pizza! I had a Thai Crunch salad. Service was fairly quick. Get a lunch size portion unless you are known to eat in large quantities.I've had their pizza before, its good stuff.
3	Salad was missing the main ingredient but the pizza saved the day.
4	It's been quite a while since I came to CPK. I came (somewhat) resistantly for dinner to meet friends. My last visit to this location provided medocure service (at best) and a gummy under cooked pizza and a somewhat wilted salad. I have to say that this trip that both the service and the food were markedly improved. Funny, but I went to a pizza place but strangly enough I typically don't seem to order pizza. I decided to try one of their new salads, the Moroccan-Spiced Chicken. I totally loved the combination of (roasted) butternut squash, dates, avocado, almonds, beets, egg and cranberries. It was such a wonderful blend of flavors. I think that I may have a favorite salad there now.
4	Dined at CPK on 1/9 with family, haven't been there in at least 2 years.  Tasted everyone's food (!), and it was all very good.  My Jamaican Jerk pizza on a thin crispy crust was the hands-down, big winner of the night, everyone wished they'd ordered it.  I had asked that the onions be left off, but they were not...otherwise, the service was excellent, (thanks Greg!).  The Thai Crunch salad was awesome (must have it next time), but order the 1/2 size unless you haven't eaten in 2 weeks; the gorgonzola & pear pizza is deliciously different; the habanero carnitas pizza was tasty and spicy, and the two traditional pizzas ordered by our can't-eat-outside-the-box diners were pretty good, too!
3	Larry & Rick where are you?We've been loyal CPK fans for years, since their early beginnings in California, and until the last year or so eating there at least 4 or 5 times a month.Over the years we've seen many changes but whenever the original founders were at the helm you could always count on fantastic food and service.Unfortunately Larry and Rick are no longer involved and it shows. Traditional favorites that established their fame, like Thai chicken pizza and chicken tequila fettuccine,  have been changed, and the service no longer has that CPK panache.We hoped the new corporate management would finally get it, but they seem to think they know better than two of the most successful restauranteurs in history. Too bad for the rest of us because it's an error in judgement.So now we only go to CPK for the key lime pie... until they decide to change that too.
2	Went here after a basketball game.  It was late but well before closing time. Service was a little slow.  But that wasn't what bothered me.  When they brought out the pizza.  A huge cockroach crawled out from under the tray.  Grossed me out.  Never came back since.
5	I come here a lot either dine in or take out. The service is always great either way. My favorite usuals here are Waldorf chicken salad (full-size), jambalaya fettuccini, and spaghetti Kung pow (chicken & shrimp). I often get the gift cards from costco whenever they have available $80 for $100 worth of gc. Even without that deal, I'd still eat here.
5	Seated promptly and had a very attentive and pleasant server, Deena.  Food was good as always!  We always enjoy CPK.
4	I always have a great time at California Pizza Kitchen. The food is great and the atmosphere is pleasant. Today there wasn't particularly great service, but nothing to complain about. Only problem was that the waitress would disappear for long amounts of time. Overall fairly good.
4	Always a fan of this place! Love the bread & butter while waiting. Great flavored ice teas. No longer sell the BLT pizza which I totally loved, need to find a new fav now.
3	(This review based on takeout only) I want to like this place because the location to my work is so convenient and the combinations of ingredients sound good, but I've not had very good experiences here. I've ordered pizzas here for takeout several times, and each time they've been lukewarm or a little soggy. For the price, I expect better quality
1	One star for this restaurant for the delicious Tequila Fettucine ... No additional stars for anything else. We decided to stop by CPK because I had a gift card and also had pretty high expectations because I've dined at other CPK locations.We were seated promptly when we walked inside and it wasn't busy at all. Our waitress came by to introduce herself & from that moment, we were pretty put off by her attitude but kept an open mind. The service we received from her did not improve .. in fact, it just got worse. CPK has a pretty extensive menu so it was taking us a few minutes to decide what we wanted to get. It wasn't as though we were holding up other customers from being seated while taking our time, since, as I mentioned before, it was not busy at all - only a few of the tables had patrons the whole time we were there. We had to wait for a while for her to return to ask if we wanted anything else and she was very frazzled the whole time, running back and forth. From what we could see, she was only waiting 2 tables. Anyways, so long story short, we were very displeased on that front.Moving on to the food. We ordered the Chicken Tequila Fettuccine (substituted chicken for shrimp) and the Garlic Fettuccine with chicken and mushrooms. Both were good. The Garlic Fettuccine was lacking any flavor other than garlic but the chicken & mushrooms tasted good in it. We enjoyed both of those dishes so we thought we'd order some dessert. We decided to try some Beligian Chocolate Souffle Cake. It came out pretty quickly but we were horribly disappointed as it was served to us on a dirty plate. There were little food particles that had clearly dried up on it ... something that shouldn't have made it to our table. Considering that they were pretty obvious to us & we flagged down the manager right away to show him, it should've been pretty obvious to the person who put it on the plate as well. The manager asked us if we'd like another one or something else instead but at that point, we were done. It made us second guess the quality control of things that are being served at this restaurant, so I'm not sure we'll return.
1	Hands down worst experience ever! Our waiter was just lost. We asked for our checks early to avoid having any issues but still took over 45 minutes. Then a manager got involved and was even more lost and rude about the whole situation, extremely unprofessional.
4	California Pizza Kitchen is corporate food at its best. The restaurant has a pizza oven and the wide selection of pizzas are all made by hand with fresh ingredients. The bar is well stocked an faces and somewhat entertaining in that it faces the open pizza kitchen. Simply a great place to get a well made pizza and craft beer.
5	This was the first pizza place I'd been to in Phoenix. I've seen a few reviews complaining about service - maybe they're paying attention or maybe I just got lucky, but I got great service both times I ate here. The food came out quickly, the pizza was good (I had the mushroom, pepperon and sausage), and they make excellent mojitos. All up a great experience.
4	Love love love their spicy chipotle pizza... I have to get it every time I go.. Fresh lime agave margarita and their variety of flatbreads are awesome... Mushroom and spinach flatbread is what we ordered... Everything on the menu is good and you will not be disappointed :)
4	What a lovely wild mushroom and wild truffle oil pizza!  Every time I've gone to this location, I've had a warm greeting from the host and a manager has come to the table to check on our meal.  While the service could have  been quicker (they got seated multiple large tables in a short period of time during our stay), the server was attentive and friendly.  I feel a little spoiled when I get to eat here because of all the lovely dishes and the options for drinks and tiny nibbles.  Thank you!
