2	First off the wait staff was GREAT.  They were very nice, however the food was mediocre for the price.  The British woman we took there was VERY disappointed.  When she voiced her complaints, the chef seemed genuinely concerned, though.  Overall, the atmosphere is great, but I wouldn't go for the food.
5	Went here with my wife after the great reviews and trust me I was not disappointed. When we first walked in we did not see but 2 tables occupied during lunchtime which made me a little nervous at first. But had waiter named Sam and things were looking up. He was very pleasant to talk to. I had the Bangers and Mash and my wife had the Fish and Chips. Both dishes were Great! Very different taste to both dishes. The minted peas were something I've ever tasted! Will definitely be going back!
2	Not sure how legit the reviews are so far but good job getting me to check this place out. Third restaurant in this location since TSq opened? Good luck!! I was a fan of both previous businesses. We just made it for the end of happy hour and they were nice enough to let us slide a couple of minutes longer to choose our appetizers. All the happy hour apps were $2 a piece. Pretty sweet price. We got $3 glasses of Newcastle Werewolf beer. Never had that before and it was a very good brew. Happy hour apps: We got the beef sliders which were different. The patties were battered and deep fried. It was certainly juicy but then again how could a deep fried hamburger patty be any other way? I prefer regular sliders though. Do Brits really do it this way? Got a mini chicken pot pie and steak pot pie. These were decent. My wife preferred beef pot pie with ground beef but I liked it with a whole piece of steak. Good flavor and something I would definitely get again. The chips were the most disappointing. They came with a curry dip that was too mild and watery. The fries were served so rare that we actually sent them back!! I have NEVER sent back fries in my life. And in a place that's supposedly British???? Unreal. 2nd batch of fries were acceptable but still very meh. This place has lots of promise though. The breakfast menu looked yummy and the weekday lunch deal could be a knockout. For lunch, you get an entree and then for $5 more you can get all you can drink British beer. That sounds like a heckuva fun midday! They have a $10 bottomless offer for mimosa, bloody mary's and bellinis for breakfast but its only for 9am-11am.  Still decent and a better drink deal than anywhere else nearby.  Their Sunday roast which starts in a couple of weeks could be great too. The English afternoon tea time is something that should be targeted to moms with kids or maybe guys that drink with their pinky sticking out. How about more than just 1 TV in the place? A whole TV schedule of soccer perhaps? I feel bad about this 2 star review only because the staff was really friendly and personable.  But I have to call it like I see it.  I hope to bump it up a star on my next visit.  I know I'll be back for the bottomless beer lunch one of these days.    Conclusion: Maybe this is British.  But I like the Crown and Anchor kind of British much, much more with darts, jukebox, more TV's, the occasional stupid wanker patron and better chips.
5	I don't give out a lot of 5 star reviews, buy I gots to say I had a great lunch here last week.  Very cute little English restaurant with a pub-style menu, although the room is decorated more cute cafe than English pub.Food was great.  Try the savory peas.  Perfectly cooked with meaty bacon and pearl onions.  I tried the sampler of their meat pies.  They were all warm and savory and yummy and comfort.  Mashed potatoes were a little stiff and underseasoned, but I'll let that slide.  My partner had the fish-n-chips sliders.  They were fantastic!Great service, un-vegas, quaint room, great food, and legit pub menu make this a little gem worth finding.The chef came out and said hey.  Usually this bugs me, but in this case it was cool cuz he had forgotten to include the mash with my meaty-pies and came out to apologize and deliver the goods.  Good stuff.
5	The topped mussels with creamy wine sauce and the Cornish pasty was delicious.  The bread pudding had a strange taste, would have preferred a more traditional flavor and custard.
3	Went here for their afternoon tea service. There was only three couples there so not busy. My first turn off was that they seemed to try to up sell us on how much we needed. I was with a friend and neither of us were hungry so we were going to split scones and a pot of tea but they kept telling us to get two. We were stubborn and only ordered one and it was more than enough. The food was as good as I wanted it to be. My other problem was that our waitress asked us how strong we wanted our tea and we said medium for which they place a cool timer on the table. But she said she would be back to serve it after the four minutes of steaming. She didn't retune until the five minute timer ram out and then some. So it was awkward because we didn't know if we should've just poured it ourselves!  Now I don't drink enough tea to know the difference between strong or weak, but I just don't like that she didn't come back when she said she would. And it's not like it was all that busy either! The tea we got was loose leaf acai berry tea which was good and they pour it through a strainer so I guess thats the whole service aspect. But overall somewhat underwhelming.
4	We stumbled across this Town Square newcomer by chance.  Nice looking place, though not particularly English in appearance.  We arrived during the reverse happy hour and were treated to inexpensive eats and beer.  They were out of Newcastle Werewolf but had some other decent choices.  The chef recommended the chips and curry, which turned out to be not that great.  The curry was too watery and lacked the punch that a curry should have.  Chips and curry flavored water was a better description, but that probably wouldn't sell too well.  The fish slider on the other hand was really tasty.  The fish was perfectly cooked.  I should have had a few more of those.
5	This place has the BEST English fish and chips we have had in the U.S.  The happy hour menu will fill you up with a fish and chip slider or a cutesy pie or the courgettes (crispy zucchini) sticks which are amazing.  The menu has a good selection of foods from fish to pasta to burgers and steaks.  The prices are very reasonable and the deserts are unbelievable.This is a place you should try if you are in Town Square.  They also have a Sunday Brunch and all the food is exceptional.
5	Huge selection of food. They also have a nice Brunch menu.  Service was very good.  Definitely an improvement over Cana.
3	I saw this place as one of the featured new openings.  My hubby is a Fish and Chips fanatic, he's always in search of a good one most especially if it's English, and he's so picky.  So I told him we should check this place out since there aren't too many English places around, and it had high ratings.We went in late afternoon on Saturday over the labor day weekend.  Because of the time we went, there were only a few customers so we were seated immediately.  As you can see the pictures on their website, the place is really nice and modern.  We've actually been there when it was another upper scale seafood restaurant, and I believe they kept most of the furnishings.  All the staff greeted us and were very courteous, but nothing overtly, just very attentive.My hubby of course ordered the Cod Fillet, I had the Steak, Mushroom and Ale Pie, and we ordered the English's Bolognese for our little one.  They can make any of the entrees kid sized, but we ordered the regular so we can always take it home.  We didn't order any appetizer's or dessert this go around.  The hubby liked his Cod, it was real crisp had a great crunch to it and the Cod was flaky and moist, however he said it was really good but not blown away.  My dish was good, but I know I wouldn't like the Ale taste, and I really wished the meat was much more tender than it was.  It was cooked well however this dish just was not to my liking but it might be to someone else.  The puff pastry was so light and flaky, so flaky that it crumbled so easily.  As for my daughter's meal, I like her's the most, it had really great flavor, and was a generous portion that I shared it with her again the next day. I feel bad for the 3 star rating, I want to give them 4 because the aesthetics of the place, the attentive staff, the chef even came out to greet us which was real nice, the quality of the food seems to be real good, maybe if only we ordered something different.  Our selections just weren't to our taste, but it might be to someone else.  The hubby doesn't care to come back because of the many options there are out there.  However I would like to come back for the Afternoon Tea which you really don't find around.  Perhaps with girlfriends sometime.
2	This review refers to the afternoon tea service only. My husband is English and so I cajoled him into trying the cream tea here one afternoon. The service was incredibly friendly, so I feel pretty much like the devil to have to do this, but...The sandwiches were stale, with that horrible "old crust" feeling. The scones weren't fresh, but reheated in a microwave. The clotted cream was more like whipped cream. The cakes were still frozen in the middle, making it pathetically obvious that the chef just lopped them off a larger block of ordered-in cake taken straight from the walk-in fridge. Thank goodness they had PG Tips tea to somewhat redeem this entire offering.How can a place that calls itself "quintessentially British" pass this stuff off to their customers? I felt embarrassed for the waiter, who, being English, must know full-well how off everything is. Or is the whole kitchen quietly laughing to themselves, "Silly Americans! They'll eat anything if we tell them it's authentic!"The kicker to the whole thing was that the price for this cream tea, $18, was a per-person cost, not per couple as I'd (stupidly) assumed. Thirty-six dollars for that big of a disappointment bums me out even now, four days later. We'll be sticking to having tea time at our house, where the bread hasn't been sitting out on the counter all day.
2	My girlfriend and I came here for brunch. Sitting outside on the balcony right in the center of town square is a nice treat while you are out shopping and the british menu looked like a great change from all American food. Our server was friendly, however our order of a simple breakfast kept getting messed up. We constantly had to ask our server for things he forgot to bring out, like silverware, coffee, water....After he apologized a 5th time, we just started taking this dining experience with humor instead of getting angry.When we received our bill we were charged for an item we never ordered  and were supposed to pay for coffee, although it states in the menu that coffee is complimentary with breakfast/brunch.Mistakes can happen or a server can have a bad day and I can't point the finger at one person, but it seemed as if the whole working team at English's that day (servers, manager, cook?) seemed not in tune and disorganized for a restaurant. What surprised me too was that it wasn't even that busy.A manager did come out to check in with us but this wasn't until we were ready to leave.The food we ordered was to our satisfaction and they have a special of unlimited $10 mimosas from 9am-11am), maybe one of the reasons we took this morning having brunch with ease.The 2 star rating is based on this one time overall experience, There are a lot of fantastic restaurants, pubs and bars in Las Vegas and I expected more from customer service.
3	So far I have only been in once for a late night, post movie dinner at Town Square. it was 9 pm, and happy hour was set to begin  at 930 so we ordered a round of drinks, and an appetizer of pate and waited for the happy hour to begin. I was hungry but willing to wait a bit for a good deal. Beers ordered, we waited patiently. So.. They are going for a "British Pub", feel but my experience with pubs of the "British" variety are usually a lot more casual. So here's to something  new?  I like the space the restaurant is in, and I enjoy the feel of the place as a sort of refined feeling pub. It is what it is. Theres a couple of small LCD tvs on a wall here and there, with soccer (football) going at what seemed to be all times. So we wait for our food, and as we wait they bring out a basket of warm pretzel rolls accompanied by a honey mustard sauce and some pickles. Very good. I loved it. 10 pm rolls around, no appetizer shows and my entree rolls in. (no appetizer showed up) I had requested to hold one Beef Wellington for me as the server said they only had 2 left.. I wanted it post appetizer. When I asked about it, the server said that the other table ordered on and she was confused that we wanted the pate as an appetizer also.So.. mistakes happen, but it was unfortunate as I was hungry and wanted to try a few different things on the menu. So I had another beer and moved past it. Let me note that there was only one other table besides us.. Anyway, I'll probably try it again. Definitely for happy hour. Our bill was about $48 for 3 of us, so it was a nice inexpensive late night treat. Happy eating!
4	Great tea selections, fresh food and great atmosphere. I had a bowl of split pea soup which was not too thick or thin. Priced just right, and service was excellent as well. Definitely repeat.
5	I went here tonight.  And it was very delicious!  I had the cornish pasty (Was $16.95) with mashed potatoes and honeyed carrots.  It was awesome.  The pastry of the pasty was nice and crisp outside and the meat stewish mixture inside was very well flavored.  The mashed potatoes were pretty much the best I have ever had.  And normally I hate eating the side vegetables, but the carrots were good!  I also got a pot of earl grey tea which was very nice as well.  The service was also very good and they weren't  overcrowded.  I definitely recommend this place!  They also have a good happy hour for alcohol.  I didn't order any, but during happy hour cocktails, beer, and well drinks, are like all under $5.  I will definitely be back!
1	Warm beer, disinterested staff, boring atmosphere, bad music, okay food. Had the burger and chips. Fries were really greasy and burger was overcooked but not terrible.
4	BRITISH FOOD!Ok....not normally known for their cuisine, I grew up eating British food here and there due to my English grandmother. Went here on a Friday evening for happy hour. What a great deal! They had multiple bites for 5 dollars or less. The hubby ordered beer battered sliders and chips (fries, of course). Yummy! Also fish and chip sliders were ordered. AMAZING! They had a special that day that included a flight of beer paired with traditional English dishes for 14 bucks! Each dish and beer was out of this world. Also the pretzels were surprisingly delicious!The best part of all was the $10 pitchers of draft beer or just $3 for a pint. Also wine and other drafts could be purchased at a cheaper price. I heard they have a roast Sunday. One of my favorite things growing up was the roast my grandmother would make. I also heard they have all you can drink mimosas during brunch for $10. Will definitely have to check that out.All of the servers were British or at least speaking with authentic sounding British accents. They all were very nice and accommodating. The outdoor patio was great due to the weather being amazing!!I hope this place makes it. I loved Cana before it closed and had pretty good meals at the restaurant before that.
3	My husband and I tried this place out this week using a Groupon we got, hoping for some delicious meat pie. I haven't had any since my last visit to England, and the sampler with its shrimp cocktail, pate, salmon crostini, and English cheese sounded like an excellent way to start our pie-tastic feast.They looked a bit busy for a Wednesday night. Unfortunately, it showed, since our server was rushing everywhere, sometimes on our behalf, and occasionally forgot things.The night did not bode well from the beginning when we had a scare that they might not accept our Groupon via the phone app, but our server cleared that up and we were good to go. I asked her if I could get hot tea instead of soda for the deal, which included two sodas, and she told me that would be perfectly fine, so I asked for an Earl Gray. Being hungry, I was a little bummed that no bread or other snack was offered, and it was a long time until we saw her again with an (iced) tea and even longer until we saw the appetizer.This was the biggest disappointment of all--the appetizer had none of the "British cheese" promised on the menu, and when our server asked the kitchen for us about it they apparently looked at her like she was speaking Greek. But that's actually the part we were looking forward to on the sampler the most--and with good reason, it turns out.Protip: if you're going to order pate, make sure you LIKE pate. I never had it before so I was not prepared for the paste of horrible livery meat-ness that came sliced an inch thick on a poor overburdened little crostini. My husband went at it bravely but there just wasn't enough bread to allow him to eat all (or most) of it. The shrimp cocktail were a little bland and could have benefited from a little more of the paprika they'd used to season/decorate it, although the salmon crostini was deliciously salty and creamy. But no cheese! Our server continued to investigate.I can't say we weren't a little disappointed when our pies got to the table, and weren't pies. I had the chicken and leek and he had the steak and ale, but both were meat stews beside a mound of mashed potatoes and three neat-looking honeyed carrots, with three individual little cubes of puff pastry on top. Mine was okay, a little dry and would have loved some more leeks, but his was fantastic with tender, beer-marinaded beef and rich gravy. Still... we wished they were really pies.When we were eating our entrees, our sever came back and asked us if someone had gotten back to us about the no-cheese issue... no one had. Finally she just told us, we've been horrible, so I will BUY you a cheese plate. That was so cool of her we were just floored, and she meant it--after dinner, a full cheese plate arrived, and let me tell you, it was glorious. I reminded her about the hot tea I was still waiting for, which she brought out right away, and we had a lovely dessert. At the end of the day, the food was pretty good, but the prices really exceeded what it was worth. Despite everything, I will probably still come back... for happy hour!
1	I thought the happy hour was limited but good for just opening a restaurant.I hated the deep fried overcooked burger, but kudos to the Colman's mustard and the HP sauce. The fish and chip slider was yummy. Myself and friend were completely unamused by our bartender, Kimmy.She was unattentive, unpersonable, and apparently too consumed with work with the two of us plus two others at her bar. My advise to her would be to have fun, be genuine, smile,and find another job....maybe political science?
1	Ok, I've got to come out of writing retirement after experiencing this place...there are simply no postive words to describe this place.It started when I was seated in a dining room where 3-4 tables had other guests...no rush, not busy, yet it took the waiter over 5 minutes to even greet me, and another 5 minutes to get some water. I should have expected a sub-par food experience...I mean, are the Brits generally known for their great cuisine?  Think about it....  The Fish &Chip sliders were unique, but nothing to bring others to also try it.Service is certainly going to close the doors on this place....watch the host (who also doubles as the bartender) ignore the customers while he focuses on the TV....Sad, but this is a place I would purposely avoid if faced with dining options at Town Square again....
4	Best fish and chips I have had in a long time!  Service was a little slow but the food was worth the wait!
3	Been here four times now, and have had a chance to experience brunch, afternoon tea, lunch, & happy hour. My first experience was brunch. I was pleasantly surprised. Prices were pretty decent, and each item includes coffee or tea. I forget the name of what I ordered, bu it came with toast, eggs, mushrooms, spinach, and tomatoes. It was pretty good. Everything was seasoned on it's own, and everything went together well when it was eaten together.Afternoon tea was alright. They have a decent selection of tea, including traditional teas such as Earl Grey & Jasmine - as well as offering some flavored teas, as well as higher end straight teas such as a Darjeeling Estate & Dragonwell. While I liked the selection of tea, I wasn't a big fan of the way it was brewed. It is loose leaf tea, and they put the leaves straight into the pot. As they give it to you, they offer a timer to help you know when your tea is done. The only problem is - there is no way of taking the leaves out when the tea is done brewing. Yes, your first cup of tea might be perfect. But the next two or three you can get out of the pot - are bound to be bitter and burnt, since the tea leaves just sit in the hot water, constantly brewing. Other than that - tea service was good. Scones were a bit too sweet for me to eat more than half of it - bu it was nice that they give you two. Finger sandwiches include a salmon/cream cheese, egg salad, & a cucumber/butter sandwich. I was a bit weird-ed out by the cucumber sandwich, but  maybe that's just me. Went for lunch this last Sunday. I got the Toad in the Hole. It was pretty good, but worth the price? Maybe not. Everyone I was with enjoyed their food. The only hitch in the day was he service. Pretty bad service. Our waitress was gone most of the time - it took her nearly 10 minutes just to come back and take our order. And nearly another 30-40 minutes for the food to come back. Spending an hour in a restaurant purely waiting isn't something I look forward to when going to eat. Lastly, happy hour. Pretty good prices. They offer $10 pitchers of their English's beer. The beer wasn't anything fancy. The bartender compared it to Bud Light, but it tasted nothing like it. We ordered he fish n chip sliders, burger sliders, & cheese plate. The cheese plate was a big hit, fish was alright, and the burger patties were deep fried. None of us were expecting that surprise and none of us were too fond of it either. But hey, $5 sliders - good deal. All in all, it's a place I've obviously liked, since I've been back 4 times in the course of a week in a half. I'll probably just be sticking to the brunch and happy hour parts though. Their menu is a bit pricey, and having to deal with the bad service just isn't worth it.
2	went for happy hour ,we still spent $100.00 altogether, we asked for more toast, and the waiter returned with one , I repeat 1-little burnt melba toast cracker sitting in the middle of a big plate, that should tell you to stay away, very understated and very boarish staff, Waiter named Samuel never ever cleared the table of loads of plates that I had stacked up for him to take, leaving a messy table . And we still tipped him $20.bucks for drab srvice and no personality. You couldt pay me a free meal to return,ever.
2	Info:Happy hour 3:30-6:30pm and 9:30-11pm$10 beer pitchers$5: Fish and chip sliders (2), beef burger sliders (2), cheese plate, cocktails,$4: pretzel bread basket, wine by the glass, well drinks$3: pint beers$2 chip curry, courgettesI came here with Don for late night happy hour after he picked me up from the airport. They didn't have hot tea on the menu, but Don asked them if they had any and the waiter/bartender just brought out the whole selection because he didn't have it memorized. They had: Earl Grey, Mint Melange, Dragonwell, Chamomile Citrus, Darjeeling Estate, Wild Blossoms & Berries, Orange Dulce, Wild Blackberries, and Spring Jasmine. It was a pretty awesome selection and Don went with the Spring Jasmine ($4.59 for a pot). I really wanted a cocktail so I ordered Hard Tea off their specialty cocktail menu, which really just tasted like iced tea, until the ice melted and I really tasted the vodka. . When the waiter came back with our drinks, I ordered one the Fish and Chip Sliders AND the Beef Burger Sliders. Don followed in suit. Yes, I was starving. I was excited to come home and all I ate that day was the peanuts on the flight. The thing that bothered me was that the waiter made us feel like total fatasses that didn't understand what we were ordering. Originally, I said "I want two fish and chip sliders and two beef burger sliders." The waiter informed me that each order comes with two, so I told him I want one order of each then (again, 4 sliders). He explained twice that that would be four sliders. I knew what I ordered and I didn't need it repeated to me...He then proceeded to stop by with a plate of four sliders and showed it to me saying, "See, this is what you would be getting in your order. It would be all of this." WTF! Yes, I KNOW what I ordered. I originally said I WANTED 2 fish and chip sliders and 2 beef burger sliders, but he seemed to think I couldn't count correctly for some reason. I understand that may have seemed like too much food, but seriously, I DO eat a lot and I even said, "Yeah I know, I'm really hungry." It just bothered me that he felt the need to explain what I was ordering 2 times then bring a plate of sliders out just to SHOW me what I ordered. That was unnecessary, and frankly, it made me feel like he was insulting my intelligence. While our food was being prepared, I noticed Don trying to fish out the tea leaves from his tea. I told him it comes with a strainer so he could strain the tea while pouring it into the cup, but I realized he was trying to fish it out because there was no strainer in the actual tea pot, so his tea was getting very bitter by the minute. The waiter passed by and said, "You know, it comes with the strainer so you don't have to try to strain the tea in the pot." We told him why we doing that and he said he understood, but I don't think he did because he didn't try to do anything to help that. Don's tea got so bitter that he couldn't even drink it anymore. The only good tea was what he poured into his cup right away. All the tea in the pot got spoiled with bitterness because the pile of leaves was just sitting in it. The Fish and Chip Sliders were probably my favorite of everything we had. They were pretty unique and pretty damn good. The fish was very juicy on the inside and nice and crisp on the outside. They put the perfect amount of tartar sauce in it so that it wasn't overpowering, but complimented the fish very well. The beef sliders on the other hand, were very dry and plain. I had a hard time getting those to go down.Overall, if it wasn't for the service, I'd probably give this place 3 stars. The happy hour menu is decently priced and they also have daily specials, which is always a plus.
4	I've been here twice so far and have had the same server who has been equally helpful, funny, and clever both times. The first time was for my birthday where we just had some hot tea and dessert (great place to get out of the rain). The knickerbocker glory was delicious but perhaps not the best choice since that was the coldest day in Vegas this month, it was pouring outside, and my objective had been to warm up... The second time I was treated to afternoon tea by my dear friend, Jadira R (who knows I absolutely adore afternoon tea). I have to say, I've gone a bit afternoon tea crazy in the past two months and this tea was still quite good. I think what impressed me was the quantity of food per order. I had been instructed to "come hungry" so I hadn't eaten prior to arriving here. The set came with three types of sandwiches (two triangles of each per person), large scones (two per person), and mini desserts (I absolutely loved the chocolate one best of the three). I will definitely be back for my afternoon tea fix!
4	I've been here twice since my last review and both experiences have been great. I'm guessing it's because I never got that server/bartender guy from my first visit again. Yesterday I came for afternoon tea with a friend and we got the Champagne Cream Tea which comes with tea service, scones, cream jam, finger sandwiches, pastriesand a glass of champagne. I actually had two glasses of tasty champagne because my friend is allergic, so I think that made my experience even better ;)The portions that you get for your $25 are actually pretty big compared to other afternoon tea services in town. Each person gets a glass of champagne, 6 little sandwich triangles, 2 large scones, and 3 mini desserts. It took about 15 minutes for them to bring out the 3 tier tea stand with the goodies, so we just drank our tea during that time. I knew from my previous two visits I had to drink it fast because all the tea leaves (and there's a lot of them) are just floating in the pot and it doesn't get strained until you pour it into your cup, so it gets very bitter. After eating the sandwiches, which were a little dry, I was already feeling a little full, but I couldn't resist their delicious scones, cream, and jam. Their cream is homemade and so light and fluffy. My favorite mini dessert was probably the chocolate one with a hazelnut crunch. It tasted like Ferrero Rocher chocolates. Overall, I still have yet to come here for their regular menu, but so far I love their tea service and it's a great deal. I'm not big on their sandwiches though, so next time I'll probably stick to the Sussex Cream Tea service and mix that with some of the small bites on their happy hour menu which is around the same time as Afternoon tea.
3	Banana Nut Bread Beer is worth the trip although a bit pricey. The food was decent but nothing would bring me back other than that beer. They only had one waitress and the tables were all full. I don't think they were expecting a full house. The house dressing was a thick honey mustard. It seemed better suited for chicken fingers than a salad. The atmosphere was nice but I think it won't be around much longer just like the other places before it in that spot.
3	English's is located on the second floor, above Double Helix.  Maybe because it was New Year's Day and Town Square was pretty dead, but the restaurant had a weird feeling to it.We were sat instantly, no wait.  But it was weird because almost all of the inside tables were dirty and needed to be bussed.  In fact, by the end of our meal, none of those tables had been cleaned.  It was also a little odd that when we were leaving the hostess was sitting outside the front door, smoking, and said "thanks for coming!"  I won't think too much on all of that since, again it was New Year's Day, and they were probably shorthanded, but it still made you go "huh?"We ordered:*Mussels- mussels, bacon, onions, cider broth ($9.50)HUGE portion and this was from the Appetizer menu!Truthfully, I didn't understand the bacon in it.  I probably would have preferred the flavors of the entree of mussels and maybe I should have asked if it came in the appetizer portion.  I couldn't finish the portion, that's how big it was!  But the mussels themselves were delicious!*Cod & Chips- beer batter, hand cut chips, minted peas ($13.95)The cod was cooked perfectly and had wonderful flavor!  The tartar sauce was excellent!  I would definitely order that again!I would want to come back here for Afternoon Tea or Happy Hour. They have outside seating with heat lamps and a nice bar.  So you have some options for seating.I would be willing to come back again and give it another try.
5	Absolutely love this place! I've been here a few times before and keep coming back for the great happy hour and awesome service. (Matt you rock!)I have lived in England and I have to say..not a big fan of English food (I'm not a huge meat eater). But when I came to English's I was pleasantly surprised that the menu has other items beside traditional English fare.Usually I get the ham and cheese sandwich (melted cheese on top, yum!) or the fish and chip sliders. My boyfriend (an English carnivore) loves the Steak and Ale pie. They also have a pie flight on the menu- three mini pies paired with three beers...which my guy seems to love as wellAs for the drinks, I'm a pretty big fan of the "English pirate", which is Newcastle with a shot of captain Morgan... deadly but delicious:) Overall a great place, and my new favorite spot to grab a bite before a movie.
4	I fell in love with English food here. I can't wait to go back or visit England and hope its just as yummy.We went on a Sunday afternoon, so it wasn't too busy, which was nice.Our waiter Samuel was terrific. I started with a Hard Tea which was fruity and refreshing. I shared a Pie and Beer Flight special with my husband, which was so yummy, 3 pies (beef, chicken and cottage) each paired with a small glass of beer. They were all delicious. Quiet a few people at our table got the Creme Tea Service, which everyone seemed to enjoy.For my meal I ordered the Cod and Chips...it was so good, the fries were cooked perfect...crispy on the outside, soft and potatoey in the center. The cod had a light batter dipped coating, not greasy, and the cod was moist and flaky. Good tartar sauce dip. Oh and the peas! the peas! I have hated peas up to this point. The minted peas on the side were awesome, so fresh tasting, I think this is how peas were meant to taste.Doug got the Beef Wellington special, it came with seasoned french fried potatoes, carrots, and a Yorkshire pudding. Everything was quite tasty. We were all stuffed and couldn't even think of dessert. Next time hopefully.
4	Doesn't look so much like a British Pub inside, but nice, good food and good happy hour deals. The fish and chips are really good!!
4	Afternoon tea today was nice.  Service was a little slow, but since we weren't in a hurry, it wasn't that big of deal.  Our table of five all got the Sussex Cream Tea, which comes with tea, two scones, cream and jam.  $10  Afterwards, adult friend and I reflected that we both should have gotten at least one Cream tea ($18) which came with the tri-level tower of finger sandwiches.  We realize that our girls (hers 3 & 4 and mine 4) would not have eaten anymore food, it would have been cute and a few items may have been eaten.  Not too busy at 3:30.  Hoped for a little more serene, little less loud (college football game on in the bar area).  Overall, I would return for lunch or tea again.
4	Love this place! We went on a Saturday afternoon and were pleasantly surprised to see that they were not busy. Two of us ordered the cream tea service, and the other ordered their potato & leek soup. Everything was delicious - the tea and the food. We are looking forward to returning to have lunch or dinner and sample more of their food! Service was also good.
4	Afternoon tea is the way to go. The pricing varies on the level chosen and caters to different levels of hunger. A friend and I stopped in after a smoothie at Whole Foods and just wanted a pick me up. We opted for the Sussex Cream Tea set. For $10, there is an extensive choice of teas, two large scones, some kind of cream, and jam. I am unsure of what to call the thick cream because normally tea is served with clotted cream, but I have never had it before. The consistency of ours was similar to a thicker and richer whipped cream. It was also less sweet than it's counter part. The combination of all the flavors was nice with the Tropical Green Tea. It would probably go better with a traditional black tea. Nonetheless, it was a nice experience. I might skip breakfast one day and go for the Cream Tea Service. For $8 more, it comes with finger sandwiches and pastries. By the time we finished, I felt like taking a nap, so I can only imagine how decadent  and heavy this combination would be. If there was one complaint it would be about how the tea leaves are floating in the pot. I drink my tea quickly and by the third cup, my tea had already become bitter. It had over steeped. It is nice that they offer refills on hot water. Having a strainer in the pot would have been better than giving the one for the cup. James, our server, was diligent and polite. Came by to check on us, but gave us our space as well. Looking over their happy hour menu, it would be a nice spot to stop by for a glass of wine or a pint. It goes Monday-Friday from 3:30-6:30 for anyone who is interested.
2	The food was good but the service was not... This was only the second time to Englishes however, it was the last. Both times the same server inflated the bill by over $20 Does she really think we will keep coming back if she keeps overcharging. I don't see how they will be open much longer with the way they run this place. For now I will stay away!
4	The girls and I felt like total rockstars on a Sunday morning brunch with bottomless bloody marys.  We were one of four total tables, being our first visit I'm not sure if this is the norm.  The bloody marys were excellent, as well as the food.  Portions were very generous at reasonable prices.  I can personally vouch for the english countryside, which consists of grilled mushrooms, tomatoes, wilted spinach, eggs (to order) and toast @ $9.95.  Brunch is served 7 days/week from 9am - 12pm, with all items ranging from $7 - 15 + $10 for unlimited bloody marys, mimosas, or bellinis.  They offer afternoon tea from 2pm - 5pm, which sounds absolutely delightful, but I've yet to have enough spare time & cash to pull it off.
3	We went here for dinner and thought it was good, just not great! We ordered cocktails, a cheese plate appetizer and cod and chips. The cocktails were great, the cheese plate was very nice, and the cod was good, but it just didn't have much flavor. Also we arrived and ordered well within happy hour, but our drinks and appetizer was not discounted on our check. My fault for not noticing before we left! So if you go here be sure to make sure your check is correct. Overall it was good, but I doubt if I'd go back.
1	Straight to the point ... bad service!!! I went on a Sunday with my boyfriend to have lunch before the movies & was looking forward to some good food. We got there with no one at the door & decided to walk in but were happy to see it pretty empty.  Sat down fairly quickly and was greeted by not 1 ..not 2 ..but 3 servers! I thought nice we have an hour to kill & can enjoy great service & great food ... I gave them too much credit! We saw all the servers who greeted us but we didn't get drinks till 10 minutes after sitting down.  They didn't even bring menu's since they were all out! After another 5 minutes or so we were finally handed a menu & decided to make our decision fast in case it would take awhile till our "servers" came around. Another five minutes passed and the very unhappy server came over & took our order with a sign each time (weird).  From there we just waited .... and waited ... and waited some more! After 25 minutes (and I am not exaggerating) the server came over & saw our empty drinks & finally offered us another refill but we declined & asked about our food ..server: "Ohh I forgot, let me check" .... Needless to say she came back & said a few more minutes and we decided to leave and not wait anymore or miss our movie.  I will definitely not ever recommend this place & would not be surprised nor sad if it closes.  It's nothing special and they definitely don't treat you like you're special.
3	Good food with ok service.  Very nice but not very attentive.  Food was good but just did not have the quality that makes me need to go back.
5	Great service. Bar staff is very knowledgable about the menu and drinks. Awesome happy hour. I consider this place a diamond in the desert where locals can go and get some great food from across the pond as well as great drink specials.
5	This place was amazing, and for whatever reason almost empty inside!!  Me and my friend chose to sit outside since the day was gorgeous.  The waitress was very nice, gave advice on what we ordered, my friend got steak and frites.  The steak was a lil more done but was EXCELLENT and i got the cod and chips, talk about superb!!  The dessert was something called summer pudding.  SOOO freakin good!!  Love you can host parties from brunch, afternoon teas, happy hour, cocktail hour etc.  Definitely going to do that!!!
1	Waited 15 minutes for a server to acknowledge me. Left before being acknowledged at all. Rating based on service since I didn't wait around to order food.
2	Made reservations for 3 people for the Sunday Morning brunch.  Looking at the reviews you should see a common thread, the food is good if sometimes inconsistent, the service in horrendous.  Not bad, really horrendous, as in stupendously  bad.  Bad in a way you really dont want to use the word bad, it deserves so much worse.We showed up at 11:50 for our 12 o'clock reservation we then had the opportunity to stare at the reservation desk for 5 minutes because the woman who was supposed to be the hostess was nowhere to be found.  Finally got sat down as the hostess was talking on the phone while trying to seat us, oh such spectacular manners.  After being sat down bartender came and asked us if we would like drinks.  Explained that we would like the Champagne and Trifle special.  He left our iced tea showed up five minutes later.  Our server took our order of the Sampler Appetizer and brunch items and then wait began...the long long wait.  After waiting 25 minutes no sign of the bartender and someone we hadn't seen before brought out a salad...no sampler platter, but a salad...that no one ordered.  So I'm at 25 minutes no iced tea left, sitting on the patio thinking something to drink might be nice.  My favorite smarmy bartender walks by and I ask him about the champagne ordered almost 30 minutes prior.  "Well you aren't qualified for that special", now let's discount the fact that I spent six years in college so I'm generally able to read simple offers with no assistance.  My friendly bartender obviously was not that intelligent.  Explaining to him the offer and the fact that I did indeed qualify for it I would like it fulfilled he left, as he left I asked to speak to the manager.  7 minutes later out he comes...I of course still dont have the appetizer that was order over 30 minutes  earlier.  I get an apology and an excuse from him, I really wasn't in the mood for either.  The last thing I want to hear is "Well I just got in" a much more acceptable response would have been "You should not have to deal with these kind of issues when choosing to dine here.  I will make sure that everything is taken care of for you."  That could have salvaged the entire meal.At this point I just assumed that Mr "I just got here" Manager would make sure everything else was going to be smooth.  I overestimated his ability to run a restaurant.  My wife went without anything to drink for over 10 minutes.  We finally received our food 48 minutes after sitting down.  Not bad if we were ordering something more complex than a filet sandwich with greens or fish and chip sliders.  Of course the side of curry sauce I ordered could not be delivered with my meal.  Instead I waited another 7 minutes for that and they still managed to still charge me an extra dollar for a sauce for my cold fries.Generally the theme for this meal was the food was ok, when it was delivered correctly.  The service in case I forgot to mention it....was horrid, I would use a different word that horrid if I could find one that would turn my stomach dealing with the complete incompetence I had to deal with.If after reading this you choose to eat at English's Quintessentially Slow Gastro Pub (I stole the "Quintessentially Slow" part from a friend of mine who happens to be a genius) I hope your experience is better than mine because I'm fairly certain it could not be worse.  I forgot the cherry on top of this experience was the Bartender telling me taking care of drinks wasn't his job.Update- ** I have great respect for an organization that states "Our goal is to provide the kind of unique and genuine sort of personal care and attention that our customers tell stories about" That certainly was not my experience on Sunday as reflected in my review.  What also is not stated in that review is the spot note I received from the owner after reading my review.  Too often restaurants are way too quick to offer free drinks or meals to compensate for problems and layer apologies on top of that.  What I have found is sadly lacking is someone willing to take accountability of problems.  In this instance Jacob at English's has risen far above his peers.  Hopefully I will in the future have an opportunity to dine at English's and have an experience that I can "tell stories about"  At the least I am now convinced that at least one person at English's understands and has a passion for the food service industry.
4	OK so what you see is what you get with English's Gastropub.  There is an awesome selection of imported beers.  They usually have a few different drink specials running so pay attention.  The waitstaff varies from excellent to incompetent.  Charlotte is an absolute treat to work with.  She is so helpful and willing to go the extra mile to ensure the customer has a great time.The menu offers some items that you just can't get many places that I have found around here.  The pie flight (savory) is insane, the bangers are the best the sides always come out to perfection.  The food and tea service is awesome.  The decor of the restaurant is hip, euro-trendy.  It isn't necessarily to my taste but honestly, I forget what my taste is for $5 all you can drink pints with my lunch!Advice to management: tighten up your hiring process.  If someone is so miserable to be there then let them go! It affects the way the public sees you as a management team.
1	English's pub indeed has a nice location and several interesting beers on the menu. But unfortunately the charm ends there. I am not a huge fan of English cuisine but do enjoy a good Fish and Chips every so often. We have now been back to English's twice in the event the first visit was a fluke and have found the food quality to be sporadic, the wait staff to be generally unhappy, and the happy hour to have some items (beer and apps) not on their happy hour menu.(And a 10$ beer is overboard)Seems like many of the items have potatoes in them as a filler ingredient as well which I found to strange.....We ordered a cheese dip and it was mashed taters and cheese. Not good and too filling for an app.They also don't have the live entertainment on the balcony area that brought us there originally. And don't bother to ask for a kids menu. They don't have it and the wait staff will get confused.There are too many other good choices in Town Square where your money will go further.
2	Enjoyed the Pimms but that's where the enjoyment stopped.  The food was bland and service was nothing spectacular. On a later date, I had high tea there. Scones were good but the little sandwiches tasted stale and the salmon in them tasted like it was out of a package.
5	My husband had the fish and chips and he loved it.I enjoyed the high tea.  I think it's a great price compared to what you would get in the hotels.  I like the simplicity that they have the high tea everyday rather than trying to remember which hotel does it on the weekdays or weekends... The ambiance is nice.
4	I stopped into English's with a friend on a Saturday evening during happy hour and sat at the bar.  We did not eat an entire meal but had the cheese plate and some wine. The glasses of wine were 50% off and the cheese plate was $5. It contained three English cheeses, which were very unique, and some French bread.  My friend also had some loose leaf chamomile tea which was excellent. They have happy hour twice a day from 3:30 to 6:30 and 9:30 till close. The place does not look British but the food definitely is.  The manager was friendly and bar staff were both friendly and knowledgeable. We enjoyed our experience and plan on going back again soon to try the afternoon tea.
4	Great for happy hour and kids friendly. Food is good and beer selection is great.  Atmosphere is very relaxed and fun. We did not feel rushed as we often do at other Town Square restaurants. Our server Samuel was awesome! We will definitely be back!
3	I had a Radio Shopping Show coupon and decided to stop by on a sunday afternoon to check this place out (they were booked solid the previous night so I had HIGH hopes).  My friend and I were greeted warmly by the hostess and were escorted to a two-top by the window.  Very good service so far....but it was hit or miss after that.  No one came over to the table for at least 10 minutes.  That's a pet peeve of mine....especially in a half-filled restaurant.  There is no excuse.  Only after I kept looking around repeatedly did a nice British waiter come over and ask if we had been seen.  He was friendly but seemed somewhat overworked.  The aloof and icy bartender came over to take the drink order.  We ordered the house draft ale but we got a substitution because the house ale was looking a bit 'foamy' which was odd but appreciated.  We both ordered the onion soup which was quite good and was served in a reasonable amount of time.  Next came the Cod & Chips with minted peas...also quite good.  Now for the down side:  no one came over to refill the water glasses...something that should always be done especially when drinking alcohol.  We were not asked if we wanted dessert....the check just appeared.  I had my credit card (and coupon) sitting on that check for a LONG time before it was taken.  The manager, who was setting up the next table, saw the check sitting there at least 5 times and never bothered to take it up for us.  This lunch turned into a 90-minute ordeal which is excessive.  When we exited the restaurant, we passed the hostess who was busy handing menus to potential customers.  We both thanked her, she looked right at us and COMPLETELY ignored us.  She saw dollar signs only and was completely oblivious to exiting customers.  This is all too typical in the resort corridor but many locals go here....it's not as if this place was inside the Bellagio!  Despite the good food, I will never go back to this restaurant.  I wouldn't even go with another coupon.
2	I was so very disappointed with my second visit to this place.  The first time my husband and I dined alone, and the service wasn't great but the food was really good.  I was excited to see that they offered afternoon tea on the menu, so I thought this would be a perfect place to bring my mom and grandmother for mother's day!Maybe I should have made a reservation, so the wait is on me, but certainly not what happened after we showed up.  The hostess asked for how many, I said four... she sighed audibly and rolled her eyes.  She stated the wait would be 45 minutes, which is not a big deal.  We browsed around TS shops for about 30 minutes then came back upstairs to wait outside the restaurant.  The hostess stared at us but didn't say anything.  After 45 minutes, my husband asked how much longer she thought the wait might be.  She looked flustered and replied that she had forgotten all about us (I wish I were joking here, I'm not!!!!!!!) and that it would be another 20-30 minutes.  We left, of course.  I won't bother them with my wallet again.
2	Sorry to give this place such a low rating.  I really wanted to like it but impossible with their food and service.  We went there twice to give it a try.  On our second visit we tried English's advertised Thursday night special posted on their website and on facebook.  Curry, naan, paps, and wine or beer for $10 total.  Hard to beat, huh?  Except when the food comes out, no naan.  Really, that's a main side to curry.  I told the waitress they forgot it and she said that they decided to stop serving it because their prices had gone up.  Really?  Then why don't you take it off the menu.  I was shocked.  I think I would have been happier to think they burned it and couldn't serve it rather than a bait and switch deal.  EQB might be 5 minutes from my house but I won't set foot in their again.  Almost forgot, had to ask for wine three times.
5	I came here for dinner and I really enjoyed this place.  We visited on a Sunday evening and it was very empty except for the people hanging outside on the patio, so we got great service.  I'm not sure how typical that is, but I expected more people on a weekend.  It's a modern and swanky place, not anything like a typical British pub.  It's upscale at very reasonable prices.  I had the cod and chips, which I thought was perfectly seasoned and fried, and my husband had the bangers and mash.  The sausage had a really good flavor to them.  My cod and chips came with a side of minted peas, which were really tasty and made me feel less guilty about eating the cod and chips.
5	The wife had been having a great deal of stress at work, so I was determined to get her out for a nice meal and some tasty drinks. She was very unhappy at the idea of going out, but she needed it. I had planned to visit another restaurant and had to wait for a table. Meanwhile, we decided to see what English's looked like. We were immediately greeted warmly and found a comfortable ambiance and happy staff . We immediately abandoned the original restaurant and decided to stay at English's. From the "beer flight" I ordered (highly recommended) at the bar to the "Knickerbocker Glory" dessert ordered by my wife, the food and drink was very nice. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful, although just slightly less attentive than I'd have liked. Located on the upper level, the restaurant was quiet and very relaxing. Outside, there was plenty of patio seating that gave you a nice view of the central 'park' area with the faux grass. The hardest part was deciding what to eat! We got the appetizer sampler, which was well-presented and had a nice variety of flavors and textures. The food was great and we can't wait to go back again! Best of all, my wife had a great time, winning me some serious bonus points.
5	First time here with my wife and we loved it. Our server Olga was great and we really liked the happy hour beef sliders.
4	Afternoon tea was delicious and adorable. Happy hour has great deals. Most (food) items are from $2-5. $5 Cocktails is also awesome. Only been here for tea and happy hour so I can't review about dinner or entrees. So far I've had a pleasant experience and hearing a British accent from the server wasn't too bad also ;)
3	I was out for a litle shopping trip on a Sunday with the baby and we wanted to stop somewhere to get a bite to eat. When dining with a 1-year old, I usually try to go for something casual, quick, and with a remotely healthy option. For myself, I like to go to new places - no repeats and no chains. Without reading any of the reviews, I thought about my options at town square. Johnny Mcguire's would be perfect, but it closed for good a couple weeks ago. I had already been to most of the other places, so I thought we'd check out English's. British pubs are usually pretty casual, right? Well, there I have shown my ignorance. While English's is British (quintessentially British, in fact!), that does not make it a pub! Actually, the inside is quite classy - tablecloths and everything. The breakfast/brunch menu looked pretty good, and we got the countryside breakfast (or something like that), which was delicious grilled mushrooms/tomatoes/spinach and scrambled eggs. The dinner menu looked ok - some typical british food like steak pies, fish & chips, and curry, and then some other stuff like hamburgers.The happy hour & specials looked legit - unlimited mimosas/bloody mary's on Sundays for $12, half off all drinks from I think 5-7 and 9-close every night. House beers are cool, although I didn't try any. Crazy selection of teas. Friendly service. Nice patio. More upscale than you expect.
5	Great food and good drinks at a fair price; and yes its in Las Vegas.  Cheddar and spinach dip was as good as I've had anywhere and O so cheesy.Salmon crostini was tasty and not overpowering as smoked salmon can be.Curry Thursday, curry and a pint for $10, as good as I've had anywhere.Steak Pie was rich and filling as it should be.Nice ambiance and great people...a standout owner operated restaurant at an over commercialized Town Square.
5	Happy Birthday English's!After one year, English's continues to improve. My husband (WOOHOO!)and I went to English's to celebrate their one year anniversary last Sunday. If you like them on Facebook you will see their Facebook Friends Only specials, and for their birthday, they had plenty.We went for brunch, my favorite meal of the week. Since it was their birthday, many of their dishes were $5 only. Add $10 for endless Bloody Mary's or mimosas and brunch was served! I loved that their menu had symbols letting the diner know what was gluten free, vegetarian, etc. I love gluten free restaurants! The husband had the Full English breakfast, while I had the GF sirloin and eggs. He got the Bloody Mary's, I got the mimosas. First, English's Bloody Mary was hands down one of the best versions we have ever had. My husband is something of a Bloody Mary connoisseur, so when I saw the blissful happiness spread across his face, I knew we had a winner. After we told Samuel, the best server ever, that the Bloody was phenomenal, he asked, "Have you ever had one with gin?" Why not? HOLY CRAP FANTASTICNESS. The mimosas? Nice color, not overly OJ'd and not too much champagne. Perfect...every time.Now the food! Bobby's Full English lasted almost 20 minutes on his plate. Normally he inhales his food, but because it was so perfectly done and delicious, he savored every bit. Eggs, bacon, Heinz beans, sausage, toast and mushrooms that made my mouth water. He added a side of hash browns just to make sure he was full. Loved every bite. The sirloin and eggs? FANTASTIC. For $5, I wondered what was going to come out on the plate. The sirloin? Slender, not fatty, not greasy, tender, moist, perfectly cooked medium rare, just delicious. The eggs, over easy (you can choose), when broken over the steak? Heaven! And oh those hash browns. Both of us loved those hash browns. They weren't the out of the bag hash browns or the diner hash browns (which are still good). These were freshly grated and YUM-O. Thank you English's for making the Ode to Hash Browns on our plates. The service? Samuel was phenomenal. He provided some of the best service I've received since coming to Vegas. Friendly, knowledgeable, relaxed. We were lucky because as we walked out, a large group of people walked in, so we wouldn't have gotten almost the entire attention of our server. We will go back there very soon and would happily pay full price for any of their menu. However...You probably won't have to pay full price...ever, because they have a ton of food specials! $10 for Chicken Korma (coconut curry chicken dish) and a pint of beer or wine on Thursday, $10 burger and pint night on Wednesday, $10 fish and chips and a pint/glass of wine on Friday's, or even better, UNLIMITED MONDAY where for $10 you can have unlimited house beer or wine with a purchase of an entree. Their happy hour (3:30-6:30PM and 9:00-11:00PM daily)has 50% off beer and wine or $5 cocktails, beer and wine (reverse happy hour). GO TO ENGLISH'S NOW. Eat, drink and be merry.
4	Great Happy Hour 9:30 - 11pm can't beat it. They have awesome french fries, the wait staff was excellent and their dessert was delicious. You can have a tea party there for a ladies day out or a birthday party, it needs local support so go out and try it!
3	5 stars for traditional tea with scones and finger sandwiches, 2 stars for soup and salad combination and service.Let me start out by saying that Fruli here is $11. I solemnly swear to never complain about the liquor store price of Fruli ever again (~$4). No, thanks. I love you a lot, Fruli, but not THAT much. Must have gotten here at shift change because the person who took and brought our drink orders was not the person who served us the rest of the afternoon. I know it was a difficult time to come in (late afternoon mid-week), but you gotta somehow balance your sidework in the back and your tables in the front. Our second server was not super adept at this balance--it took literally forever to get our check. I'm not one to flag down a server, but she wasn't even around to flag down. But let me back up a bit. The soup and salad was pretty gross--the onion soup had z.e.r.o. flavor and the server forgot my dressing for my salad. The salad was okay, but the two together were definitely not worth the ~$9. My friend's traditional tea, however, was spectacular. The scones, yum! The tea she ordered was delicious as well. Don't go in the late afternoon (ummm...isn't that supposed to be Tea Time?!?) but I would venture to try it again earlier in the day or later in the evening.
4	It's another great place for Happy Hour, especially in one of its upstairs terraces with a view! HH: 3:30-6:30pm & 9:30-closing, daily.It has an excellent HH menu of $3-7 food and half-price drinks. In addition, it also offers special $10 food/drink combos on some wk-days. Its service is excellent. It has a mid-upscale decor and a comfortable ambience; tables have tablecloth. Inside are a very nice bar counter and a large, comfortable lounge/dining area. Go enjoy! - I did!!! - [BTW: Smokers have their own separate terrace patio.]Based on fellow Yelpers' good reviews, I gave this English Gastro Pub a try a few days ago, after visiting the Apple Store. And it did not disappoint!- I now have another nice place in to hang out in Town Square!MY HH EXPERIENCE:When I walked in, the mgr (Matt) and waitress (Jane) introduced themselves warmly, and led me to the gorgeous terrace area. It had an eye pleasing view of the park below. As Jane promptly brought me my beer, I settled down in no time, taking in the view and playing with my new toy from the Apple Store. For bar food, I had  Zuccini ($3) and Sausage wraps ($5). For drinks, I had Newcastle Ale ($3.5), and a cab ($3.5). - The zuccinis were so crunchy and tasty that I ordered a second one, with an extra Newcastle for good measure! The sausage wrap was only so-so, however. - The cab (Canyon Road) was silky smooth and full-bodied. I had to resist the urge to have another glass, which was NOT easy!- My tab came to $24 (plus tips) - which seemed high for one person, but then I had one EXTRA drink and one EXTRA bar dish than I normally would, which had made me 2x as happy anyway - still a good bargain!SUGGESTIONs TO MANAGEMENT:1. Please include a "List of Daily Specials" on the table, or include an insert in the menu.2. Prior to the start of HH, please MAKE SURE, that ALL THE PATIO TABLES are CLEAN! -  When I first got in the patio, I found several tables covered with some white dusts - an eye sore, but easy to fix! Waitress Jane apolozied and promptly changed the table cloth for my selected table; and went on to do the same for others.Peterskis, Oct 2012
5	Great Food, Great Atmosphere, Great Cocktails.... This Place Is An Extremely Well-Rounded Restaurant/Bar. Located In The Heart Of Town Square, The Place Is Good To Check Out At All Hours. The GM Matt Is An Extraordinary Master Mixologist (Ask For The Andes Mint Shot, Or Pineapple Upside Down Cake Shot, Among Others). I Have Been There Multiple Times For Cocktails, But Yesterday I Opted For Some Lunch; Indulging In The Smoked Salmon Crostini For An Appetizer Which Was Amazing! I Followed This Up WIth A Fish n' Chip Sliders And There Is Little Words That Can Accurately Describe How Delicious This Dish Was... I Doubt Anyone In The United Kingdom Could Actually Out-Do This Establishment In British Pub Fare, Entree's, And Drinks. It's That Good! This Should Be A Must For Any Individual Residing In The Las Vegas Valley And Surrounding Areas Or In Town For A Short Stay.
4	From what I'm told this place may not last since not many things have in that spot, but i hope it does so when i get back to Vegas it'll be there.Really our waitress made the night, she was super cool and fun. Really made the evening.Great beer selection.
3	A bit Pompous
4	We started our night here to eat and start our drinking. It was awesome, they had a plate and 2 drink special. I had the steak and fries which was pretty solid. Unfortunately, this place was DEAD on a Saturday night. It was us and like 3 other people. Anways, it was pretty good. It was kind of on the expensive side, and I think pub food shouldn't cost that much. They were really proud of their sausage that they served. It was kind of weird. But anyhow, it was a good spot. The service was great. I hope this place picks up soon and doesn't go the way of the DoDo.
3	Happy hour 50% beers, wings, wells from 330-630pm and late night happy hour 930-close $5 wine and wells.We sat ourselves in the outside patio where everyone else seemed to be eating since it was a nice cool night and the inside was empty with a few patrons at the bar.  The patio area overlooks Town Square's grassy area.  Tonight, The hostess is also the waitress, server, bartender and cashier.  Later as we got our food, another worker came out to help with the same duties.  Maybe the owner because he was mingling at the bar drinking along with the customers.  The restaurant had dim lighting, kind of like a lounge type of ambiance. We ordered for our appetizer the cheese and spinach dip and my main course the cottage pie.The Cheese and Spinich dip looked rather plain looking, but it was very tasty.  The My other half order the sausage link (can't remember the name) and we added that to the dip, and it came out 5x tastier!My cottage pie was not a disappointment.  It got served with a side of honey glazed carrots and a mini salad (lettuce and tomato).  At first I thought the portion was small but as i ate it, I began to really stuff myself and was saying "I can't finish it".  The bowl was pretty deep.  The mash potato on the top was crispy on top, then you dig your spoon into the bowl to get to the meaty and delicious center.  My overall experience was okay (3 stars). I wasn't impressed to where I had to return for more entrees, but I wouldn't mind coming back to enjoy appetizers and drinks with friends here.
5	My boyfriend and I went to the town square to see a movie on $5 movie day, the theatre was absolutely packed and ridiculous, we weren't about to wait in line for 45 minutes just to get our tickets, so we walked around and decided to go sit somewhere. We walked upstairs to see Coconuts, but it was dead inside and it wasn't appealing to us. We ended up seeing the tiny sign for English's and the little knight in the front and decided to go in. THANK GOODNESS WE DID. We were immediately greeted by the bartender who was extremely welcoming and nice. We sat outside because the weather was amazing. The inside of this small bar/restaurant is aesthetically pleasing. It has a really nice atmosphere, it wasn't obnoxiously loud either. The outside was just as great. We had a 15% off coupon, but didn't end up using it because it was happy hour anyways. We loved this place. There was British food and different beer. It felt very authentic. We ended up ordering lettuce wraps, hot chocolate, cider, two beers, and a soda, and only paid $18. Well worth it!!Besides the good/different/traditional appetizers and beer, the hot chocolate was to die for and the service was exceptional. Our waitress took the time to explain some of the food and drinks to us since we were unfamiliar with some of the things they had to offer. She continuously came back to make sure everything was fine and she filled our drinks on time. Few things of note:1. The food and drinks are different, if you are picky or not up to try new things, I would not suggest going here. You are just going to annoy your waitress and yourself.2. The second beer took a while to come out and when our waitress ended up bringing it she gave it to us for free. (DIDN'T MIND THAT A BIT!)Would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone.
4	Great afternoon indulgence. I had read reviews and had been wanting to try this yummy place for a while. Also skipped lunch to make sure I could enjoy the goodies they serve up. Went with a big group and our server did a great job of ensuring she got the right orders to everyone, and checked in with us a few times to see if anyone needed more hot water. I decided to share a cream tea with a friend. This comes with warm scones, bite sized pastries and mini sandwiches. The scones are served with some fab jam and scrumptious sweet cream. I will go back just for these scones:)They served 2 kinds of pastries-a chocolate cake sort of desert and a strawberry dipped in chocolate. The cake was super good. I tried just one sandwich-the egg salad and it was soft and tasted great. The others enjoyed the salmon cream cheese and cucumber cream cheese sandwiches very much. Everyone enjoyed their tea. I had the darjeeling and heard that the orange dulce, and tropical green tea were great too!Only gripe: Since almost everyone ordered the cream tea, they put everyone's order together in large platters and spread them in two across the table. This was a bit inconvenient as it was hard to move the platters to the people sitting on the side.Oh, and if you share the cream tea service with someone, each person is asked what they tea they would like and so we were billed for the service plus 1 extra pot of tea, No biggie but good to know.They also added a 20% gratuity automatically to each bill, which I guess is standard for parties over a certain number. Good weather and english's made for a delightful afternoon on the patio.I am plotting ways to convince others to join me for afternoon tea and I loved the scones so much.
5	This place has awesome fish and chips. Really fresh and flavorful. The mushy peas were seriously good too. It was a great experience. I will definitely go back.
5	I need to shout it from the rooftops......I finally found great fish and chips in the middle of the desert! We have been on a quest for NON greasy, NOT over battered and thick white slices of perfect cod. Well this is the place. The fish is accompanied by perfect crisp chips and a wonderful homemade ketchup and tartar sauce. The bonus is that they place a serving of smashed peas on the plate and they are so awesome! Our second visit (in a week....on the other side of town) coincided with happy hour so we enjoyed a great pint and cocktail at a very reasonable price. Topped off the whole meal with a sticky toffee pudding. What a perfect dessert on a cold night! Love the understated contemporary setting perched above Town Square and the NOT too noisy atmosphere that can be common in pub settings. Seemed very slow last night so I hope that folks find this place hidden in an alley upstairs at town square. Forget about the chain restaurants around town square and seek this cool little gem out.Forgot to add......very nice servers/bartenders :).....and very reasonable prices!
5	My Red Hat chapter and I went to English's last week for high tea, and it was one of the best I've been to in Vegas.  The scones, raspberry jam and devonshire cream were wonderful.  Several kinds of tea sandwiches and a selection of petit fours for dessert.  There were only 9 of us, but we got three huge trays of food, with enough left over that many of us took doggie bags home.  There was a great tea room at the Antiques Market on Eastern which closed recently, which disappointed us.  It was very good as well, but we were really happy to find the tea at English's.  It isn't as quaint as the Antiques Market tea room, which had lots of gingerbread decorations, a flowered tea cozy on each pot and real antique tea cups and saucers.   The pots and cups at English's were all white, but each person had their own tea pot (and strainer to strain the leaves) and hot water was replenished quite often.  The servers were at our beck and call to refill water and tea pots, and even jam and cream.  Cost per person was $19 which included tax and tip.  What a deal!!!!!  We'll definitely be going back!
3	Went to lunch with a local group of 40 today.  Had the carrot soup and fish and chips.  Overall the food was 4 stars, although for some unknown reason the ciabatta and cheese was omitted from all of the onion soup courses.  The wait staff provided bread and cheese on plates to remedy this.  Several in the group had "dry" chicken entrees and one person did not like her sliders.  The wait staff struggled with our group---and so apparently did the kitchen, although we had reserved the group several weeks prior to today.  It took 45 minutes for the soups, etc to arrive.  The excuse was that the soup bowls were dropped and had to be re-washed.  I will give them a plus for creative excuse-making...  Service was 2 stars, thus the overall 3 star rating.The specials on FB look interesting, so I might give them a second look with family only...
2	I kind of hate going to completely unplanned restaurants and getting a burger; I think I've been around town long enough as the 'Burger Blogger' to have heard most of the places that people think I need to try, so when an opportunity to eat at English's Quintessentially British came up I was quite skeptical. The burger picture on their website actually looked decent, not like I would want to judge anything based on photo alone, but I did become slightly more optimistic. But as all us locals hopefully know by now, there really isn't any good food options at Town Square other than Meatball Spot. And to ruin the surprise, this meal didn't change that.As the name should tell you, English's is a slightly modern take on British food. The menu certainly isn't short on holding up that promise. Although there are some more common dishes surely to appease the common folks that will end up here, it's chock full of items like cottage pie, fish & chips, Cornish pastry and plenty of others. The interior doesn't really speak to the menu theme; as it is fairly clean and minimal. I sat on the patio during my visit, which has a slightly cluttered layout of tables overlooking the park below. Luckily it was quiet and kind of cool on the day of my visit; I can imagine this being very noisy during the summer with its proximity to the children's area.Their burger is made with an 8oz hand formed patty, caramelized onions, lettuce, tomato and cheddar cheese. The patty is small and thick just like a homemade one would be when it shrinks unexpectedly on a grill. The beef had just ok flavor; it didn't seem like the best quality, and was cooked almost too much below the medium-rare I ordered. The onions were good, the cheese was non-existent. They gave me lots of tomato, maybe too much. The bun was just ok as well; it looked way better than it tasted with its grill marks and all, but was not well-proportioned to the meat as I had a lot left over. Overall this was nothing that flavorful or good, just a slightly sub-par burger that seemed like it was cooked in your neighbor's back yard.Instead of chips I had to get fries; they were really great actually, thick, salted, cooked well and very flavorful. It's not very often that a restaurant completely misses on a burger but actually gets the fries mostly right. Regardless, this is a burger meal you can go ahead and skip; $14 for iffy meat and a less than perfect burger off the strip is far too much. If you're in Town Square and are looking for a burger I might suggest Tommy Bahama's instead. Otherwise, there really isn't much to eat in this area.
4	Very good food really fun tea!!The service could use a little polish.Dishes are delicious. Been there lots and have never had a bad meal.
4	Went for afternoon tea.  They have several different pricing options with scones/sandwiches to go with.  I found I didn't care for the sandwiches (cucumber, salmon?) which I probably should have realized ahead of time as I'm a picky eater.  The scones were fantastic though.They also have a regular food menu but I must admit I didn't pay much attention to what was on there (I believe they're online).  Some of the others I was with ordered off the regular menu and all liked their meals.We had a party of 10 and we all enjoyed it and the staff took good care of us.  If you have a large party you should probably make a reservation.They have patio seating and a bar area as well.
5	Food: Great, never had anything badService: Great, never had anything but a great waiter/waitress/bartenderI have eaten here for both lunch and dinner multiple times. The food and service are always outstanding, so that is why I always come back. Once someone in our party mumbled that they didn't like something, and the waitress happened to overhear and she immediately offered to fix it. So nice, I have no complaints.
2	Cute little spot for Adult Tea Afternoons, why I say ADULT is because kids love the idea of tea parties but not the tea. Other than having high tea I also had lunch here.AFTERNOON TEA: Cream Tea $18 1/5We ordered Cream tea which came with a few finger sandwiches, 2 scones with jam and cream, and one chocolate pastry and a small strawberry dipped in chocolate. Apparently they have this rule if you want additional cups (more than 1) your going to need to buy another pot of tea. (this rule was no where to be found on their menu). So for 2 tea drinkers we were forced to buy another pot of tea. I have feeling we were GYPPED of our money because we ended up having 4 pots of tea for 2 people. Finger Sandwiches: 3/5were delicious, especially the Smoked Salmon Tea Sandwiches, but not going to give much credit because its kind of hard to make a sandwich go wrong. Scones: 4/5best scones I've ever had, they weren't so sweet and I liked that. Chocolate pastry: 0/5only one was given, and it was made from some kind of bitter chocolate that was spicy and it just didn't go well with any tea. Strawberry dipped in chocolate: 0/5This strawberry was very small & it was also dipped in this spicy chocolate that didn't go with any tea. LUNCH: 4/5I ordered Sausage sliders with English chips:it was very delicious, the mini sausages sliders were spicy and had a nice bite to it. The English chips were very delicious, you can definitely tell they were made in house from real potatoes, very good. The mini salad was delicious not sure what they used for dressing but I couldn't get enough!My niece ordered the Kids GB burger & British chips: $5 any meal 12 and undersweet deal, it was 1 mini slider burger with British chips and a side of salad. Very good. Service: 0/5 if you WANT GOOD SERVICE, sit inside. The deck waitress was awful, rude and pushy. I felt like she gypped me of money also she must've been blind & deaf because she'd never see me waving her down or even asking the busser to get her. Over all I'd come back for Lunch sit inside but not sure about the Tea
3	I really, really want to give this place more than three stars because the staff is wonderful and friendly and the service is great, but the food just.... isn't. I brought my nana here once for afternoon high tea. We ordered the "cream tea" platter which comes with 6 tiny triangle sandwiches (two egg salad, two cucumber, two salmon), two scones with jam and cream, a few little pastries and your choice of tea (we ordered English breakfast).  The English tea tastes just like home (for me, home is Ireland) and is made fresh with tea leaves and brought to your table in a cute little teapot. The food is served on one of those tiered platters - very cute. In my opinion, the finger sandwiches would be MUCH better if they were better prepared - perhaps with more fresh ingredients and flavor. The bread was a little hard and stale and the salmon was dark in color with a less than pleasant odor. Now, the SCONES are what made my day and might be the only thing that keeps me coming back. They are served warm, dusted with powdered sugar and with fresh jam and cream, which make for great toppings! I could probably eat about 6 of them if I was feeling really naughty. ;)I brought my nana back here for afternoon tea a second time, and we had pretty much exactly the same experience: the sandwiches were average/stale, the tea was great, the scones were great, but everything just had that "this could be a lot better" feel to it. On our second visit, we also shared the fish & chips, which were average at best. The chips were definitely freshly cut and actually tasted very similar to what you would get in England or Ireland. However, the fish (cod) was really soggy and lacked flavor. I don't know how fried fish can come from the kitchen soggy, but it did, and I couldn't even eat it. They have a decent happy hour every day and their selection of beer and cider is quite good. Plus, the atmosphere and decor is inviting and very pleasant. I could see myself popping in for a few drinks during happy hour, but I wouldn't order food. This restaurant has a lot of potential, it just needs to make things taste better.
2	Bleeeh! What makes this place British? Came with a craving for tea before I discovered Sambalatte. Left very disappointed. The waitress who helped us at the time sat us on the balcony and seemed to forget about us? Took forever to get utensils, the check, a refill on drinks, not to mention... ordering our food. There's a reason this place is never busy even though it's located right next to Blue Martini. Prices are also not decent.I'm only giving them an extra star because the ambiance looks somewhat cool. However, having that as the only saving grace can only get them so far.
4	Kept it simple and ordered the fish and chips. I mean why else eat at this place? The portion was generous, but I didn't care for the peas. They aren't my favorite vegetable, but I applaud them for the authenticity.
2	We had afternoon tea here. The sandwiches scones and cream were tasty. The tea was good. Did not appreciate the server saying all tea tasted the same to her. Learn your menu! You are a tea room. When people ask about teas you should be prepared to describe them. describe the petit fours were ok, not great. What really was offensive however, was the employee out on the terrace smoking, stinking up the dining room. Service was friendly, but highly unprofessional. Will likely not be returning. Would rather try bellagio tea if I want a face-full of smoke plus they have a pianist anyway.
4	I can't even count how many times I've been to English's, but let's just say that if I were an avid Yelper from the very beginning, I would have been a duke. Ruben and I even had our engagement party here!I love the people who work here, partly the reason I frequent the spot. The food, of course, is the other reason. Here are a few of my favorite dishes, but I've tried almost everything on the menu and dislike very few items (exceptions will be the Posh Chip Butty - just not my cup of tea - and their Chicken Liver Pate - NO thank you!).BATTERED SAUSAGES: It used to be on the menu a year ago, but it's since been removed for other items. They are so wonderful to still create this dish if I order it though! Delicious Cumberland sausages fried in the same batter as 'Fish and Chips' and served with chips and beans, SO GOOD.POUTINE: Their version is delicious and this is considering how apprehensive I was about this dish. It begins with their delicious, housemade chips, sliced and crisped bangers (sausages), onion gravy, and chunks of Devon hot chili cheddar. The cheese is what makes it.SMOKED SALMON CROSTINI: The ciabatta crostini is delicious, topped with dill cream cheese, the smoked salmon, capers, and ribbons of fresh cucumber. Light and really great.BANGERS & MASH: These Cumberland sausages are just so yummy. Great crunch from the casing, nice spice, and just the perfect salty flavor. Their housemade mashed potatoes is wonderful - buttery and smooth.LONDON TAG: Tagliatelle pasta with creamy, cheddar sauce, topped with Cumberland sausage slices and English peas. I recommend the smaller portion since the sauce can be a little on the "heavier" side, but still delicious.COTTAGE PIE: Well-seasoned ground beef in a traditional pie with Lincolnshire cheddar mash baked on top. SO delicious.Served with a salad and honeyed carrots.BANOFFEE PIE: I love toffee and I love bananas. The chef changes the base often, but it's a housemade biscuit and usually on point. Share it with whoever you're dining with and it'll be the perfect finish.I've also been here for AFTERNOON TEA and ROAST SUNDAYS. I wasn't a huge fan of the Afternoon or High Tea, but it was a lot of fun. I can see it being a really great time with a large group of your friends. I didn't love the pastries served, but I did love the refreshing little tea sandwiches. As for Roast Sundays, I was fortunate to visit one Sunday when Beef Wellington was served and it was magnificent!If you have a meeting or gathering you need to plan, this place is a fantastic spot. You can reserve the outdoor patio that overlooks the center of Town Square (it can accomodate approximately 35-45 people) or if it's a larger party, the whole restaurant since it's relatively small and intimate. The general manager, Matt, will really work with you to put together a personalized menu and with the bar accessible from inside and outside, it's the perfect setting! All of our guests really enjoyed the food and the experience.Besides coming here for a meal, it's a wonderful spot to hang out at the bar. Think your "neighborhood" bar, but a modern space in the center of a popular outdoor mall. When my friends and I want to go somewhere nice and have drinks, but not deal with the club or tourist-heavy bars, this is it.
4	Looking for a quieter location in Town Square to have a couple of drinks and some food.  English's Quintessentially British is a great choice. A couple of things to point out first.  1.  It's small. The bar is small and their dining area is small.  Parties of 5+ will not work at the bar. 2.  The pours here are strong. If you're use to comped drinks at a casino, coco beware. I had the English Coffee w/Rum and was feeling the buzz once I was done.  Keep in mind, I'm no light-weight.  My friend had their Expresso Martini which got her buzzing pretty good after just a couple of sips.  Both tasted like your normal British style coffees with the sting from the strong pours.  Delicious, warm, and also taps into your senses.  Stay thirsty my friends. 3.  Both bartenders were the best. Eye contact, attentive, and great communicators....all good traits of a solid bartender.  Ambiance is perfect for a quiet convo and suggest this place before you wild it up at either the Blue Martini. For me, this was a perfect stop while we waited almost 2 hours for our table at Texas de Brazil.
5	We finally got the chance to stop by English's on a night out without the kids and we will be stopping in again the next chance we get. We sat at the bar initially because all of the tables were full, but a table was ready by the time we were able to look over  the drink menu and place an order. According to my husband, the beer selection is AWESOME! He had a hard time deciding which to order, I'm not that big on beer, but enjoyed a lovely cocktail called Hampshire Tea.For an appetizer we chose the Cheddar and Spinach Dip, sooo delish! I didn't really need anything else to eat after that, but for entrees we ordered the Cod & Chips and Cornish Pastry. Both were excellent. The cod was perfectly battered, not too thick or greasy. The cod came with Mushy Peas, neither of us care for peas at all so can't comment if they were good or not. The Cornish Pastry was very tasty as were the mashed potatoes and gravy it came with.The interior of the restaurant is small, but there is a deck outside that I'm sure is nice when the weather is warmer. The interior was fairly dark, but it gave an intimate feel even though we were sitting in the middle of the room. The staff was attentive, but not overly so. There was ample time between the appetizer being served and the entrees. We're looking forward to having dinner here again.
2	For a Saturday night, they weren't busy at all.  They have poutine which is Canadian so I wasn't too sure what it was doing on a British menu. It came with very little bits of cheese and not cheese curds, and some really salty sausage slices.They have the usual British dishes such as fish (cod) and chips, bangers and mash, and steak pie...and some Indian dishes that Brits love like chicken korma and tikka masala.  The cod and chips was alright.  Entrees are $10-26.  Not the best British pub in Vegas and I'm squeezing my brain trying to come up with more things to say and it seems impossible when there was nothing exciting about this place.
4	My wife & I went here for dinner last night, and we were both very pleased.  As commented by others, it doesn't have the classic English/Pub feel, so if that's what you're looking for, you may be best going elsewhere.  I had read the reviews here before going, so had my expectations in check.We went during happy-hour, which was great!  Most drinks are half-price, and they had Strongbow Cider, one of my favorites.  $3.50 a glass, most definitely worth it!  They have an eclectic menu, both my wife & I had difficulty choosing what we wanted, as there were several things that appealed to us.  I ended up getting the Cottage Pie (pretty much shepards pie), my wife got two appetizers (chicken lettuce wraps & a cheese & spinach dip).  When the food came, none of our dishes looked like what we were expecting, it was a small bowl of cottage pie, the dip was a little watery, and the lettuce wraps just weren't what we were used to.  But we dug in, and everything was delicious.  While the serving of cottage pie appeared small, it was a deep bowl, just a bit narrow, so it was plenty of food, and I think I ordered the smaller version (from the happy-hour menu), which was ONLY $10!  More than worth it!  The cheese & spinach dip was great, especially after giving it a few minutes to cool down & settle.  The chicken lettuce wraps didn't have a lot of lettuce (not enough for chicken portion), and the consistency was different... but it was still very tasty.  We finished off with the banoffee, a thick graham cracker (think of a piece of toast made out of graham cracker), topped with sliced bananas & whipped cream.  We added ice cream and asked for the hot toffee sauce instead of the chocolate sauce.  It was delicious!Service - We went around 5:30pm on a Tuesday night (went to a show right after), so it was a bit slow in the place, though it started to pick up as our meal went on.  The waitress was very attentive and friendly. 4/5 starsFood - Everything thing we had was delicious, though often not exactly what we envisioned.  4/5 stars.Price - I wouldn't categorize this place as a pub, and so wasn't expecting cheap pub prices.  It is by no means expensive, just not low-end chow with lower end prices.  As mentioned above, at happy-hour, my cottage pie was just $10, and the apps were probably around $8 each.  My dish was $15 outside of happy-hour, but I'd say it was still worth it.  4/5Drinks - We didn't get cocktails, just beverages from the tap.  Again, happy-hour, so we got great prices.  $7 a glass outside of happy hour is still very reasonable. 5/5.My wife and & I have been out here all month, I wish we learned of this place earlier on in our stay as we would have come back multiple times.  Highly recommend checking this place out, especially during happy hour.  I'll be sure to visit this place again next time I'm in Vegas!
2	Ordered poutine as a starter. The gravy was tasty. Highlight of this dish. Fries were ok. Cheese curds nonexistent. Sausage looked n tasted deep fried. They weren't that bad. Overall didn't like this dish too much. Bad first experience for poutine. Entree was steak n mushroom ale pie. The steak was good. Very tender beef, I want to say it was filet. Could have used a bit more mushrooms, but that's just me. The puff pastry on top was very light flaky. The broth was very salty. And this is coming from a person that eats food saltier than he should. I was also disappointed with this dish. Wish I ordered something else. Don't think I'd ever go back. Service was good as my water was never empty. It was very empty for a Saturday night. Which was good because we didn't have a lot of time, but it seemed a bit eerie and ominous.
4	My wife and I went to English's this afternoon for high tea and it was a delightfully dignified experience! We got the Champagne Cream Tea, which includes unlimited pots of tea, the traditional three course high tea snacks and a bottle of champagne - all for $50 for two! That's a phenomenal deal compared to the Mandarin Oriental's tea hour, where you really are paying for the view.Champagne and tea really isn't that bad of a combination. Over the course of the afternoon we enjoyed lots of little savory sandwiches (the smoked salmon and cheddar/pickle were the best!) and several teas. I discovered that I really, really like Earl Grey. And, since it was the first nice, warm day of the year, we sat on the balcony out back and got to people-watch at the little park in the middle of Town Square.They lose one star for service, which was really quite inattentive considering that there were only four or five tables occupied in the entire place.Additionally, the restaurant is very difficult to find, hidden behind a giant wall which is apparently going to become a Capriotti's. It was really dead when we arrived about 3, but I hope they're not hurting for business because of their unfortunate location - we will definitely return for tea again!
4	My husband and I had afternoon tea at English's before a matinee at Town Square and loved it! It's not the Mandarin Oriental but $50 for a bottle of champagne, unlimited tea and as many cute little fancy tea snacks as you care to eat is a pretty fabulous deal. (The regular tea is $20/person so I don't know why you wouldn't want to add $10 for a bottle of champagne and some chocolate-covered strawberries!)On a nice day like today, it is extremely pleasant to sit on their balcony and sip champagne and Earl Grey while looking out over the little park below. We had fresh hot scones with jam and cream, four kinds of little sandwiches (cucumber, smoked salmon, egg and cheddar/pickle) and an array of cute little desserts. The scones and desserts and accompaniments are made in-house and they are very yummy. And you can have as many as you want! We took seconds of the cheese/pickle and egg sandwiches and consumed three pots of tea (English breakfast, Earl Grey and jasmine) and had a perfect, leisurely lunch.I'm a sucker for afternoon tea (it makes me feel all Downton Abbey) so we will be back for sure.
2	I feel really bad about the restaurants in Town Square, what does it take for a place to succeed? Kudos to non-chains that decide to launch a restaurant here, but regrettably I cannot say I will return to English's.Let me start by saying that a group of friends and were going to celebrate a birthday at a Summerlin pizza place (my suggestion btw), but someone in the group thought this would be better. So I wasn't particularly enthused to find myself at Town Square on a busy Thursday evening. But I digress. I ordered the fish and chips and thought it was ok, a bit pricey for what it was. I just checked the menu and it appears that hey lowered the price, when I went I swear it cost upwards 17 dollars. They do have that incredible terrace with the unfortunate view of the Blue Martini, and maybe watching a soccer match with cold beer would be nice. I just don't feel like coming to a mall for that.
3	Nice place tucked away in Town Square.  I had never seen or heard of it until recently stopping in.  Head to the second level as it you were going to Blue Martini but make a right instead of a left.DO NOT stop in here without getting the pretzel sticks.  So soft, so hot, so salty, so buttery...I think I could have eaten 100 of them.  It might be worth coming back just to get a bunch of pretzels and beer.They had a solid Wednesday "Facebook" special that was a beer(pint) and a burger for $10.  I believe you can get a house wine if beer isn't your thing.  The burger was pretty delicious, but I thought the bun was a little to big.  It's a solid deal for $10 and a beer on the side.I tried the cheddar mash as well but was a bit disappointed, not because of the taste or quality but just because it wasn't what I thought it would be.  I was thinking of a dish of mashed potatoes with gobs or chunks or terrific cheese melted throughout.  In reality, its a nice portion for $3 in a bowl, but with only a thin layer of cheese melted on top.  The potatoes though were super whipped and light, very good with a bit of salt and pepper.
4	I hosted a high tea and game day here with the local steampunk group. Not having a good set of RSVPs in advance, I wasn't sure if we'd have 2 people or 12. When I arrived, I asked for seating for 6, and there was no problem with accommodating the group, even on a Saturday afternoon.The high tea was delicious. I'll be coming back with friends just for that!The service was good for the first hour and a half, then petered out quite a bit. I admit we overstayed our welcome (large group with a themed activity will do that), but we tipped well (all of us adding to the auto-gratuity). In general, I think we'd have liked a little more consistent service, perhaps a tray refill, since we went through the savory tier very quickly. Overall, though, we had a great time, our group felt welcomed in this location, and we had a wonderful time!
2	As much as I love their high tea, as it is the most plentiful and cheaper option in Las Vegas in a nice location to boot, THEIR SERVICE IS SLOW. They are not attentive to their customers, have to be signaled or called on every time you want something, and despite the unlimited treats and tea for their high tea service, you're lucky if you can get seconds of even hot water without waiting forever and a day for it. And that's if you can get someone to fetch it for you at all. It doesn't matter if they are slow or busy, the service is always exceptionally slow and it never ceases to surprise me. Don't get me wrong, I am not expecting them to wait on me hand and foot, or constantly bring me rounds of treats or tea to satisfy an abnormally ravenous appetite. I'm talking about finishing ONE pot of tea and getting some hot water for another, or even just waiting for the check to come so that I can get going. I usually just give up on getting seconds of anything altogether. As much as I love the food, even though it might be overpriced now and then, their slow service makes me think twice about actually stopping in. Do not come if you are an impatient person. You'd think with all the reviews that highlight their slow service, they'd figure it out and make things a little more efficient.
3	Love the high tea or lunch... Fresh food with a fun selection. Bumped down a star only because I was only told that the restaurant was out of half of the items I ordered AFTER the meal was served. Left me with a craving after the meal. That's a third inappropriately I quenched. I'd probably give it a second shot though.
2	This is the second time when I went there, as well as my last time, at least for this year...We got to sit on the terrace, the only good think about this experience...Order few appetizers and a beer flight...I don't know about their food, maybe just not my style of French fries and curry, but the beer was a huge disappointment...was wormer then the weather outside...reminded me of a bad tea.So try the happy hour, at least if you don't like it you won't feel bad for spending too much money :)Cheers!
5	As a group of six ladies celebrating a friend's 40th birthday we had a wonderful high tea experience and would recommend it to anyone. You could not beat the price or service for our two hour experience.  They even let us decorate the table to celebrate!We each ordered our own type of tea and were then presented two three-tier tray of yummies - all for $20 per person!  The bottom tier included mini cucumber sandwiches, a salmon on rye sandwich, a relish spread on crostini, and a hard boiled egg collaboration on a crostini. The second tier held two types of scone - traditional and cranberry. This was served with fresh cream and homemade jam. The top tier offered us a mini lemon tart, carrot cake and a blueberry sandwich cookie filled with cream. The best part is when you ran out of something you liked all you had to do was ask for more and a tray of it came out or you pit of tea was refilled. I highly recommend this unique experience to anyone who wants to have a unique, leisurely afternoon with great tea and tasty treats.
1	I always give places a second chance when I have a not-so-great experience the first time. I figure, hey, everyone has an off day, and the establishment is kind of new, so I should cut them a break.The second time here assured me I will not be returning. The service here is really bad. We had the same waitress both times who just doesn't seem to care. I had been in the food service for years awhile back, so I know this is not the way you treat guests.Both times I was there, they were out of something that someone ordered. It took a long time for the waitress to get us waters, and even longer to get drinks. The place was not very busy, yet it seemed to take forever for us to get second drinks. We asked for 3 separate checks (1 for me, 1 for another friend, and 1 for my friend and her husband) and the waitress came back with everything on one bill. When we asked her to separate it (again, we were very clear) she gave us 4 separate checks, putting my friend and her husband on different bills. When we asked her to change it, she acted like it was no big deal that she did it wrong in the first place.The food here is okay, but the place doesn't look or feel like a British pub. With some other wonderful pubs in town with great service, great food, and great atmosphere, this one just isn't worth it.
4	It's a very English experience with authentic meal options and tea time! My fiance and I went here for dinner one night to check it out. The waiter was very friendly and accommodating to my VERY picky significant other. We started by ordering chips and the spicy cheddar dip. We had put in a request for the dip to not come with bread, since we attempt to stay away from glutens. They were kind enough to substitute the bread with gluten free bread and poppadom. The dip is delicious whatever you dip in it! For dinner I had the (bun-less) burger and chips, which the burger had excellent flavor and complimented the cheese and peppers added onto it. My fiance decided to blend two of the chicken dishes together, that actually turned out great. Next time I'll have to go during tea time! Turns out they have also happy hour every day for drinks and food that are worth checking out.
4	I'm giving them a star bump because the last time I went the service was a lot more attentive for the afternoon tea. They even didn't charge us the upcharge for sharing pots of tea! This may have been an oversight but I didn't mind not paying extra to try the different teas.It doesn't seem like the most busy place, and I'm curious to see if they stay in business for long since both times I went I was close to the only party in the restaurant. We'll see, and I wish them the best!
4	When I first came up to the place, I thought that we might have misinterpreted the menu because the logo doesn't do anything quintessentially British like use red, white and blue or the union jack. The menu has all of the British options (and even a Canadian one in the form of poutine). You can get a pint of Carlsberg or a pot of tea.The only thing not British about this place is the bright Vegas sun.It's a great place to relax in the afternoon so stop by if you've got an hour to kill.
4	I love the Facebook deals this place offers. I always tend to hit them up early Friday night for the Fish n' Chips + wine deal. Service is slowish  but I've never had it annoy me. Its quite and quaint, and IMO has a excellent atmosphere, inside or out. I'd go every Friday if I had someone willing to eat fish n' chips that often! :p
5	Great food, lovely tea and good service! Planning on going again soon!
3	When the words "Quintessentially British" are part of your name, the place is serving itself up to locals to comment, "I went to the Olympics in 2012, and THIS is not British," or for visiting Brits to say, "Well if this is how they interpret our food and drink, then thank the Lord we gave up this country after the Revolutionary War." Luckily for this joint, I have neither visited our home fries across the Atlantic, nor am I a loyal subject to the British Commonwealth, so this review is strictly of my experience. I met up with two friends for a post-work beverage on the terrace, which overlooks the lawned park in the center of Town Square. We ordered the chip curry, which was fries done just right with a sweet curry dipping sauce, and the salmon crostini, essentially lox on toasted bread. The service was there whenever we seemed to need it, but otherwise behind the scenes the remainder of the time. The food wasn't the most spectacular (is British food ever?), but I'd come back to the terrace to relax and chat over drinks!
1	Where do I start with this place? Here is the Cliff Notes version: it's crap.When I walked in I was immediately judged by the way I dressed (Biker attire). Walking in through a narrow corridor, there is a large assortment of English beers displayed behind a glass case on one wall, and a projector displaying Stonehenge on the other. The chairs were quite banged up and ripped, and the booths had been re-covered poorly. The tables inside where covered in butcher paper (cheap) and the tables outside on the patio were covered in pieces of roughly cut faux leather and sort of clipped at the corner with some again, cheap clear plastic device. The flatware and glasses were spotty. Also, the owner was running back and forth through the lobby, swearing quite loudly on his cell phone.As for the food: I ordered a burger mid-rare and it was delivered raw in the middle. The fries that accompanied were obviously frozen and from a bag. They tried to be cute and serve the meal on a small cutting board, but all that did was cause a mess all over the table. Luckily, the butcher paper caught it. I've had better food and service at Mc Donald's. F- I only gave this place 1 star because you can't give less.
5	Had afternoon tea and crumpets with my mom the other day and the experience was great. Everything was good on the three levels. The scones were flaky, soft and tasty! I would definitely recommend this place for high tea it was excellent!
1	First visit here, and certainly my last to this train wreck of a restaurant. When we first arrived, we were left standing at the front for 5 minutes without being acknowledged. Finally a bartender rolled her eyes and came over in a huff to greet us. Sorry to bother you, lady. Asking for a table for 3 on the patio, she said a host is who would have to handle that and promptly turned around and walked away without another word. Wow.Finally seated, we waited another 10 minutes to be greeted and for our drink order to be placed. Another 5+ minutes goes by, and we are brought our drinks and a very warm beer. Waiting another full 10+ minutes, the server came back to take our order. I ordered a chicken salad and a replacement beer because mine was hot. My girlfriend asked the waitress for a salad exactly like the one at a table next to us but with steak added to it and a side order of fries. After 15 minutes, a replacement beer arrived that was maybe 2 degrees cooler at most. Thirsty, I gave up on the idea of having a cold beer and forced down the hot one.30 more minutes go by while we listen to the tables around us complaining about various service related issues until finally our food arrived. My chicken salad was correct and to be fair was very tasty. My girlfriend, despite pointing out the exact salad she wanted on the next table, was brought the wrong one. And the waitress forgot to put the order for the fries in all together. Amazing. The food quality seemed pretty good. If I owned this place, I would keep the kitchen staff and fire everyone else since everything forward of the kitchen was a complete sh!tshow.
1	English's Quintessentially Bullshit.We waited over 1 hour to get our appetizers.  Before we even got asked to order our dinner. This was on Mother's day, and the most upsetting part was that the table next to us waited even longer to get any food at all.  It was heartbreaking to see that family disappointed on such a special day, and furthermore inexcusably pathetic that when the Mother asked to see the Manager three times, the final response was that he was too busy at the moment and did not have time.My apologies to the chef; this food is actually really good.The service is horrendous, they were clearly understaffed, and the quintessential bullshit drips down from the quintessential top - the manager who cowered away in the back kitchen, unwilling to face his Mother's Day guests.We are regulars and locals. We have been to this restaurant several times becuase the food is good, but no food is good enough to be treated so badly.If you have ever had a Mother you have ever cared about, don't be a patron to this place. It sent many a Mother home heartbroken, rudely turned out, and hungry this Mother's Day night.God Bless America, go quintessentially elsewhere.*** ps I must note that the place was NOT particularly busy. several empty tables.
1	I have been to English's before and enjoyed both the food and the service, however my experience on Saturday, May 11, 2013 was so bad that I'm still thinking about it almost a week later. My sister and I made reservations to take our mom for afternoon tea over a week in advance because we anticipated English's being busy for Mother's Day weekend.  There was one 6 top when we arrived, yet we waited over 45 minutes to even be acknowledged.  After my Mom finally tracked down a server (who was putting out table settings) and asked who was supposed to be waiting on us, she responded, "Well, I can take your order...I guess."  It took another 20 minutes to get our drinks and an additional 45 to get our food (we opted for salads and sandwiches).From taking our order, we never saw our waitress again until she saw me standing at the bar attempting to pay.  When she handed me the check, she told me I could use her pen to sign, but not to steal her pen!!! Others have posted about being judged on their attire, but we were dressed up as we were expecting to have a beautiful Mother's Day luncheon.  It was, unfortunately, anything but. I am a former waitress and I know it is not an easy job, but common courtesy and acknowledgment are not too much to ask for.
1	This time our visit for high tea for four lasted 3 hours. They forgot that we had ordered more food, and maybe forgot about us completely. Of the petite fours, two of them were delicious and two were terrible due to oversalted cucumbers. This is a great price for high tea, but unless you are planning on a slow day and a long conversation, I would not come again.
1	i dont know what happened to this place....and honestly this is my first 1 star...but this made me sad :( horrible horrible service.  And i dont think the waiter was having an off day that made him ignore us, because he chatted up every other table he was helping.  He forgot my friend's drink, while he brought 1st and 2nd drinks and their food.  Umm they we're even seated before we ordered, so....and then when we left and they (surprisingly) brought our food out, i could tell it was had been sittin wherever forever because the gravy on my poutine had that dry gelled gravy look on it (i wanted to cry) the manager tried to say he just forgot about us and it was an off night.  But the tables on the inside were EMPTY O.o....yeah ok i'm good :/ I'LL MISS YOU ENGLISH'S :(
3	We had high tea for a friends bridal shower here.  The place is  really cute and the food was pretty good but the service was horrible.
1	So disappointed in this place! I was so looking forward to a new fresh place with great decor and exciting menu.    I came here with a friend on 05/30/2013 to get some apps and drinks before going dancing.  Should have just walked out when there was only 1 other table seated and it took 10 mins just to get our drink orders taken.  I can't review the food because we never actually received any!  We ordered some of the great sounding apps on the happy hour menu and 45 mins later we still haven't received our food.  Very sad when there are other tables seated way after us getting food and we are 45 mins in and don't anything to eat.  The staff was very disorganized and they said they lost the ticket or something never did really find out what happened. I have no idea what happened but it was unacceptable.  We had to leave and told them to cancel the order and they didn't even care.  They said they discounted our wine and latte but I don't think they did.  No management present in this place.  Based on the other bad reviews I give this place 6 months or less and they will be out of business.  Unless the owner has some really deep deep pockets to continue to fund a mess of a restaurant. Also my friend went to the restroom and said it was completely filthy and no toilet paper (should have been our first sign to high tail it out of there).  My recommendation is to go to Tommy Bahamas where you know you will have great service and excellent food!  I wouldn't be surprised if the owner has to call Gordon Ramsey for Kitchen Nightmares to try to save this place, in my opinion there is no saving it.  Why would I spend my hard earned money at a place that has no regard for their customers when there are some many places to choose from that really are focused on the customer.
1	I want to like this place...but the staff has been so unprofessional twice now. I hate to leave a bad review, but they need to work on their attentiveness. I arrived this morning before my friend and while I waited for 10 minutes, I wasn't even offered water. Mind you, I was the only one in the restaurant aside from a couple at the bar. The two girls on staff were hanging out chit chatting which is fine but at least give me something to drink. Upon the arrival of my friend we waited close to 10 minutes AGAIN before getting up to leave, at which point one of the girls tried to come over with water. It was rude. I was really excited to finally try it, but there are plenty of other restaurants in town square who at least drop a napkin for you before ignoring you completely.
5	went for high tea. Delicious sandwiches. The scones were to die for. Everything was great! We will defiantly be back!
5	I really love this little gem tucked up above Town Square. Walking into the restaurant they highlighted some British beverages that set the tone as we walked into the quaint eating area and bar. The ceiling really set a fun ambiance to the place and it was a great relaxing place after an afternoon of shopping.We had the Chicken Lettuce Wraps, which were curry flavored. Loved them! I wish I would have made a meal out of them because they were that good! For the entree I had the smoked salmon sandwich. It was open faced on toasted ciabatta, with a light pesto, cucumbers, and butter. Very good! It was a little awkward to eat at first but the flavors were delicious and it was light and refreshing. My friend got the Salmon Salad and it was a huge piece of salmon on top of a gourmet style potato salad next to some fresh greens. Looking at that, I wish I would have ordered that and after tasting it, will definitely order it next time!Can't wait to come back for afternoon tea with the girls!  I have heard rumors that the scones are amazing!
1	I had had a bad experience earlier this year and received an invitation to come back on the restaurant's dime and try it again which I did in June - the food was back up to par but the restaurant has not honored my receipt for reimbursement. Now we are going into dispute - hopefully can avoid small claims court. What a disappointment. this place used to be a joy to visit.
4	The food's good and fairly priced, I like their house beer, and if you follow on Facebook, they do excellent offers all the time. It's a different place from the others at Town Square (e.g. Yard House, Blue Martini) as it's quiet enough for a conversation, a bit more refined, and nice to sit an unwind. And if the weather's nice, the 2nd floor balcony seating is an excellent choice for sitting back with a beer. And I haven't had their high tea personally, but I've seen others partake, and it looks pretty darn delicious...especially the version with Champagne ;).
2	My guests and I decided to try the tea service one afternoon last week. Our waitress seemed pleasant, but she was mysteriously missing whenever we needed her.I have tried tea at the Ritz Carlton (which closed some time ago), the Four Seasons, the Bellagio, and the Mandarin Oriental and I found this experience to be really reasonably priced. The servings were very generous, which is unusual, and they will provide you with as much as you like of the scones and desserts. I personally did not enjoy any of the tea sandwiches. The descriptions suggest that the sandwiches were filled with many delicious ingredients that we simply could not taste. Everyone present enjoyed the cranberry scones, however, we were all missing the lemon curd (they do not serve it). Overall, I think they missed the mark on flavor. I would suggest that you order the Sussex Cream Tea that includes a pot of tea and scones for $10.
3	Since I'm a tea lover, I've been here several times for tea. The tea is okay, usually accompanied with scones and other tea pastries. I wish the tea was a little better quality, since it is a tea room.Last night, I came here just for dinner. We were surprised when we arrived and saw they had a reverse happy hour on Saturday night. As we looked around, we realized it's because they were four other tables in the whole restaurant. That's pretty strange at a good location like Town Square on a Saturday night. Happily, reverse happy hour meant I got a delicious glass of red wine for $5. We ordered a happy hour app, chicken lettuce wraps, and the steak salad. The chicken in the lettuce wraps was curried. The curry wasn't as good as I wanted it to be and the chicken chunks were way too big to put directly into the wrap. I had to cut the chicken down into bite-sized pieces. That's way too much work that I'm prepared to do for an app. The steak in our steak salad was A-MAZING! It's incredible how some delicious beef can make up for so much, but it can! The rest of the salad was just okay.Long story short, this place is okay. Nothing glaringly wrong, and I really want it be better, but it's not. That's why they have four tables and reverse happy hour on a Saturday night in Las Vegas.
3	A couple of us girls decided to come here for Tea Time. I love the fact that they have tea time during lunch hours instead of just late afternoon (1030-6pm).  Yes, I understand that tea time is an afternoon thing, but when you eat lunch at 12 then dinner at 6, tea time just wouldn't fit into my eating schedule. =pService was so slow at first.  We were seated right away but it took about a good 20 minutes for a server to even come and take our drink orders/food orders.  A couple of other guests left because it was that slow. Once we decided on the $20 English's cream tea (all you can drink tea and eat scones/desserts with not all you can eat sandwiches), the tea and food came out about 10-15 minutes later.  The sandwiches were ok...nothing to run home and write a review about, but the scones (which are all you can eat) which we only got the plain ones (but cranberry ones are supposed to be included) were good especially with the strawberry jam and whipped cream. The scones are fairly dense though so you can fill up on those easily. The 3rd tier of sweets was ok.  Macarons were way too sweet but the other two items were decent. I was fairly full by the time I touched the 3rd tier so I may not have given it a fighting chance. Service was a bit slow and we didn't get asked to try any other teas besides the one we ordered. Overall it was decent....I would think about possibly coming here again.
1	Came here on a Sunday afternoon for high tea with my girlfraaaan... the place is not that big and was about half empty when we got there... We were so excited to catch up with each other and enjoy some yummy treats.. But we should have known something was wrong when we were not greeted for over 10 minutes after being seated! ....A simple "hello, just a second" would have been nice. When we were finally acknowledged and given some water we ordered the $50 Champagne Cream Tea.. Our champagne was brought out which actually didn't taste too bad. We then found out that we would be sharing 1 pot of tea and not each getting our own.. They really need to word their menus differently!!! Our tea came out, Citrus Chrysanthemum, which had a nice floral taste to it. We started chit chatting and soon the place started to fill up.. We waited and waited... and sipped on our drinks but our food was no where to be found... Everyone around us had already gotten their orders even those who were seated after us.. WTF... Then our sever finally came around to let us know that her ipad (that's what they use to take orders) didn't send our order in............. Are you serious?  She didn't think to check up with the kitchen when all her other tables' orders were being sent out before ours??! Finally a hour later our little 3 tier thing came out.... "HOW THE HAILLL DID THIS THING TAKE AN HOUR???" was what we were thinking... Everything was just about average tasting and the cucumber sandwiches were way too salty! Also, on the menu it says the sandwiches are served open-faced which would be nice so you don't go into a food coma from the carb overload but they actually just serve the regular finger sandwiches. Overall, what was supposed to be a nice afternoon turned into us being hungry and waiting a hour for some salty ass cucumber sandwiches.. The server apologized but she didn't do anything to fix her mistake or really even seem to care... We probably looked upset but no manger ever came to our table.. We were very unsatisfied and left the lowest tip we've ever left. PAY A LITTLE BIT MORE & GO TO THE MANDARIN ORIENTAL TEA LOUNGE~!!!HOT TIP: if you want an additional bottle of champagne with your tea it's $21.. & The restrooms here are ...interesting...
2	This is a review for their high tea.The flavors are there but the execution needs major work.Sandwiches: very dry. When I poked them with my finger, u could hear the crunch. The apple/cheese was the best in flavor. The cucumber, which I expect to be light, was way too salty.Scones: Our cranberry scones were good. My plain scone was overbaked. Dessert: everything was meh. The macaron was so hard I could barely bite into it.Tea: the tea was nothing to rave about. 12 standard tea flavors.Ambiance: we were really hoping to have a nice lunch out on the patio with our puppy. But the misters are broken (the rest of the mall had their misters on and we enjoyed that), there are no fans. So it was way too hot to enjoy our hot tea.Overall not my favorite.  If your menu emphasis "made fresh daily", everything should taste fresh.
1	This review is about a month overdue.  I have gotten the tea service about a half dozen times over the last 18 months, and the quality keeps getting worse each time.  (I won't eat there at dinner time again after the last time, but that is another story.)  Took my mother out for a birthday tea service.  She had flown in from out of town and specifically requested to come here, because we had enjoyed it twice the last time she was out here.  Where do I begin?  After ordering the sussex tea set with an addition pot and a order of the ploughman's platter, we expected a nice brunch.  Well, to be short.  The server soon returned ten minutes later to tell us there was no scones!  Seriously!  No one had made them/put them out the previous evening.  The owner was on the way.  OK, we had already gotten out tea.  Now what?  Trying to save this, I ordered a summer berry pavlova.  Guess what?  Five minutes later - they had no meringue for it! Seriously.  OK, then, we took the server's suggestion of the petite- fours. Cut to the chase - half good/half FROZEN.  I tried to keep my composure, but I was not happy.  No discount either.  Lesson learned.  I have to find another tea service.  If you go there, expect a delay or a substitution.
4	Great Happy Hour. If your off the strip visiting friends and family this place is located in the Town Square. Service is kinda slow but the drinks and food is good.
3	Just ate here and I must say the food was delish. We walked in while they were hosting like a speed dating event. Kinda cool, never seen one other than in the movies. Anywho, we got the Chicken Tikka Marsaka, and the Queens Burger. Both were really good.. The Marsala was very flavorful. The burger was kind of like any other burger. The service though.. Is why I gave only 3 stars. Although they were nice, they were so slow. I looked around and there were 3 tables in the whole place. I also work in the industry and I know I am pretty much at the tables at least a few times when we are slow. It was dead. Probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back here to be honest.
5	Not only did my friends have an enjoyable experience, we encountered one of the most talented and hospitable bartenders in the industry. Living in Las Vegas for an almost embarrassing, undisclosed amount of years; my friends and I have all worked and explored ALL aspected of the tourism world. However, Matt Aldrich set the bar for most interesting and talented mixologist.  He invited us in, created personalized drinks and provided great conversion. Drinks were fabulous, atmosphere was relaxing and good company was all around us. If you ever find yourself in Town Square, just remember; its always happy hour at English.Amanda, Nikki & Jon
4	I was originally going to give a 3 star review however they earned their extra star for their Sticky Toffee Pudding alone. Skip the appetizer and main course and just try this Sticky Toffee Pudding. Rich moist cake swimming in a pool of the most delicious toffee gooey goodness and topped off with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream. Desserts don't get any better than this. I will also give them props for such an extensive menu of English pub favorites. I couldn't decide what to order! I wanted to try everything! We settled on the following:Appetizer- Chicken Pate. The pate was a little bland. I've had much better pate, so this was not a favorite of mine. I could not taste the brandy so that was a bummerFish and chips- They should rename this dish "A lot of chips with a side of fish." Large portion of French fries and only ONE PIECE of fish. Really? I did enjoy the smashed peas though- it was different from having mash potatoes... but I couldn't get over the fact that it looked too much like baby foodSeasonal Fish cake salad- the description of this dish was very misleading. First off, this was listed under salads. This was not a salad at all. It was two very generous fish cakes sitting on top of some arugula (which ended up soaking up all the grease) and the generic "leaf salad" (arugula/tomato/cucumber) which was also served with the chicken pate. It was almost like they had a bunch of this salad already premade and they just throw it on every dish. The fish cakes were described to be salmon & cod. What they failed to mention was that it is SMOKED salmon. That makes a huge difference. If you do not enjoy the flavor of smoked salmon, then avoid this dish because it is very pungent.
1	My pregnant wife and I just tried to eat here and after we were seated no one decided to actually come by and give us any help. So after close to 20 mins staring at the waiters and waitresses to see if maybe they would decide to come by and do their job we left. If you are in a hurry or hungry I would advise to find another place. I would've give this place zero stars if i could.
5	Three of us visited English's for an early dinner after a tiring day at a nearby convention. I'm having a hard time reconciling some of the reviews with the experience we had.We found the service engaging, friendly, and appropriately paced. We were neither ignored nor rushed. Viviana, our server, was excellent in every respect.The chairs were comfortable, the music - custom mixed by a friend of the owner, we were told - was eclectic and intelligent - we had to stop and SoundHound it a few times, as there were tracks we wanted to download for ourselves. The place was not busy when we were there, so I can't speak to noise control, but when we were there, it was easy to carry on a conversation.I started with a wonderful white cheddar and cauliflower soup. One of us had the Puds, and enjoyed it thoroughly. My entree was the Bangers & Mash, served with a rich, thick sauce with caramelized onions - perfect with a nice, cold Belhaven Scotch Ale.A whole dessert would have been too much - so I shared the Sticky Toffee Pudding, and it was flawless, with a caramel which reminded me of childhood desserts - far removed from the prepared caramel glop which you find in so many restaurants. The other dessert at the table was the Ice Cream Cake, which was so good that the person ordering it wasn't the least bit interested in sharing~~~The next time I'm in LV, this will be on my list for a repeat.
2	I used to LOVE this place! The bartenders were fun and the happy hour menu was awesome. There is a window that separates the bar from patio that was always open, so you could still be outside and sitting at the bar. I have been here overall maybe about 6 times. The last time was about maybe 3-4 months ago, and wow I am disappointed and do not plan to go back!We walk in, there are two servers and bartender. Sign says, "Please Wait to be Seated". We pause, they all three see us, and then continue with their conversation. Finally we just start walking out to the patio, and the bartender decides to greet us.This was a second date for me, so things are still a bit awkward and new , and we just stared at each other like, wtf. So we get seated and a nice waitress comes to our table, she gives us the Happy Hour menu which states Beer & Wine half off during happy hour. I want a merlot and I order it. She says only house red or white is happy hour now. Fine, so I order a white... Grab the menu for food and I already know I want the Fish & Chip Sliders, but they have been removed from the HH menu also!Takes a minute to get our drinks, we order an app, the spinach and artichoke cheese dip. I taste the wine, it's disgusting! I have my friend try it, he gags also. The last time it ordered the cheese dip it was thick and the bread was warm and very good. This time? Runny, luke warm, and the bread is not warm and it's almost too toasted its a huge mess...Needless to say, we paid our tab and went next door to Blue Martini where the happy hour is awesome! $6 fancy and delicious martinis and live entertainment, and a really cool vibe. Never again will I go to this place, what a disappointment! I don't know how they survive!
5	My husband and I were doing some shopping and decided to grab a bite to eat. I love tea so we chose English's for our meal. We had two waitresses and both of them were incredibly kind and down to Earth. Not like many places where you're made to feel like you're an inconvenience. We ate exclusively off the happy hour menu and were delighted with the prices. The food was so delicious!! Fresh and full of flavor...not greasy at all. The chips and curry appetizer was amazing! Unfortunately we were too full to even try any desserts. I had the Jasmine tea and it was heavenly! It was the perfect temperature. We couldn't get enough so our waitress kindly brought us a cup to go. Oh, and don't miss out on the Poutine!
2	This review is generous after what happened today. This place is great ifyou're going to get the tea service (best scones) but the regular food leaves something to be desired. The pork belly was severely undercooked leaving layers of raw rubbery fat. Both of my parents entrees had to be returned bc they were stone cold. My mother's food took a full 20 to refire and my father and I finished eating by the time her food came. Not to mention the waiter said the chef checked the food and it was fine. Bad move buddy. Rude. The service is PAINFULLY slow. I know it is short staffed but it's ridiculous. I usually don't mind the slow service bc the tea and scones are superb but I'm going to have a hard time coming back. So disappointing.PS - they didn't even want to make it right! They offered my mom a drink AFTER we were done with dinner! Such bad business. I work in customer service. You always take care of the customer.
2	We'll... thought I'd try Todd English's Pub At Town Square. Not only was my daughter's pork belly under cooked, my husbands mashed potatoes were cold and my Fish & Chips - don't get me started. Fish cold in the middle. Not only did "chef/manager" make an excuse - I had to wait until everyone else was done eating to get mine. But hey he gave me the option of a free drink AFTER we were done or $2.60 off of my meal!!  Todd English would be appalled!
4	This was my first time at an English restaurant so I don't have anything to compare the experience to. Overall I thought this place was great. We went on a Thursday afternoon so it was not crowded and the weather was great for patio seating. We had an attentive server and the service was great.We ordered the pasty and the bangers wrapped in Yorkshire pudding. Both dishes were great. I would definitely go back and try there dinner service!
4	I don't really know much about English cuisine, but the good we are here, I wouldn't say is representative of that, because I want to say some of it was Indian food. But regardless, let's get on to the place. The environment at night is pretty nice. We sat outside, the weather wasn't too cold yet, and so I was able to have a nice relaxing night with my party eating some appetizers and some real food. The inside was fairly empty and the lighting was dim, but it's suppose to be a bar I guess you could say, so it's understandable. Our server was really nice to us and even joked around with us, especially me since I didn't want to drink like the rest of my party. It was all fun, so poking fun at me wasn't a big deal to me at all. Our appetizers came first and it came within a good amount of time and our entrees came a little after. The only thing our server forgot were my friends' drinks and we had to ask her again for them and then she remembered. She did however keep the water refilled quite well, and I did not have any complaints there. I liked this place enough to want to come back with my friends. I wouldn't personally come here alone or with other friends because their entrees were priced more than I would want to pay for, around $15, but their happy hour drinks and appetizers were reasonable for me. If you want something different and quieter in town square, give this place a shot!
5	I was really in the mood for fish and chips. These are THE BEST. Delicious fish , proper crispy batter, fab chips!Great service too.
4	We stopped by on a Friday afternoon to try out their afternoon tea. We had the English's Cream Tea for $20 per person. You get to choose from a large selection of teas and the bites to eat are quite tasty. Overall, a really enjoyable and satisfying experience.Although, to be truthful, I probably will not be having high tea all that often. Still, well worth trying once in a while perhaps.
5	Love the food and ambience whenever we come here. The patio area is great, especially when it's nice out. Service is genuine, and the menu is diverse and creative- putting a creative spin on European classics.Yummmyyyyy. We love reverse happy hour too!
5	I had a great time at this place, the food was amazing and the service Jacob provided was 2nd to none. I had been here a couple of times before and never knew they had port wine. I guess it isn't marketed much but Jacob made me aware and it was actually really good, not too sweet. I'll have a glass from now on every time I go back. Definitely recommend the place.
4	I took my parents here while they were in town.  It was my first time here also.  We went for the "high tea" service, for $20 a person.  Each person gets their own tea (or french pressed coffee like I got instead of tea) and a nice selection of tea sandwiches, sweets (brownies, macroons), and scones with jam.  The scones are unlimited, provided you eat them all-----and there's A LOT on the tray.  I thought the taste of all the food items were decent, especially for the price since most high tea's run fairyly expensive per person.  I'd most likely come back here again.
2	Arrived for the high tea service at 4pm on a weekday.  Took 15 minutes after being seated to be acknowledged by a waiter even though there seemed to be 3 of them and only 4 tables were occupied.  We were told that they were out of scones so the high tea service wasn't available.  We thought of leaving but decided to make the most of it.  Ordered the cod n chips, the cheese plate, and the cauliflower soup.  The food was very good.  At the conclusion we decided to order tea and my date's choice wasn't in stock.  Restaurant had the feel of a place where you feel that you are encroaching on the employees social time with each other, and as a customer you are a distraction.  I was highly disappointed that they don't have the foresight to stock correctly so crucial items wouldn't be gone by 4pm.
5	We were looking for some amazing bar food...found it!  The beef poutine are sooooo yummy!  Spicy and full of flavor! Ate at the bar with plenty of privacy.  We will be back!
4	Me and a friend received the tea service at 2 PM for $20 a person. Actually in comparison to other tea services, this is pretty cheap -- so it's worth it if you really love tea :) Ambiance: 5 - I'm surprised that there was no one in this restaurant at the time that I went! Although, it is upstairs in a little hard to see for visitors & tourists. The place is clean and nicely decorated. there is a huge bar inside and a gorgeous balcony where you can eat. Or, you can sit inside and enjoy the warmth of the restaurant.Service: 5 - The service was perfect! Our server always checked on us to see if we were okay or needed more water for our tea. They came out with everything pretty fast. They were chill about us staying there, so we took our sweet time ;) Food: 4 - First, the tea: I got wild berry tea. it's served with actual tea leaves and is very tasty. If you require honey, you must ask! The Plates: The bottom tier of sandwiches was really good!! There are. 4 types, but I really enjoyed that smoked salmon sandwich. The 2nd tier was the scone! It came with jam and cream for spooning on top. That scone is delicious. It's not crazy sweet, but light and fluffy. Actually, I might do tea service again just for the scone. The top tier was dessert. It came with macarons, chocolate nuggets, and a delicious cream puff. The macaron was probably not their best choice to include, but that cream puff makes up for it!!! Desserts change too; you may request certain desserts if they have them available! This is a calm, romantic spot for tea lovers! I'll probably be going again!
1	I went here with a real british bloke and we were both very dissapointed. My chicken marsala was cold and per him bollocks.  His shepard pie was mediocre at best. The steak and newcastle pie was more mushroom then steak. Also they ran out of sticky toffee pudding. Trust me there are much better british places to eat. Also there pretty expensive for the serving size. The only reason it gets one star is the waitress was nice.
5	My husband and I went on a date here last night. It had a lovely atmosphere, modern clean look to the place. We were happy that we were able to actually carry on a conversation, because the music wasn't too loud. I ordered cod and chips, my husband ordered toad in the hole. Were were amazed at how large the portions were for the price, it was wonderful! The food was fresh and delicious, we each at off each others plates and enjoyed it all very much. We wished we could have ordered dessert, but we were so full from the large, well priced dinner. They also have a kids menu and we're wanting to come back with our son, to have him try it out! It was a lovely night, great location, not too crowded or loud, perfect overall! We couldn't be happier!
4	I really enjoy having the cream tea service here. Only $20 per person, and you could actually just order one tea service plus an extra pot of tea, and it is enough food for 2 people without having to refill anything.It is a nice place to sit on the patio on a Saturday afternoon to overlook the little park at Town Square if there's anything going on. Not the speediest service, but they are very friendly. I enjoy the selection of teas and I find their scones and sandwiches better than Verandah. Sometimes the petit fours are good, when they have macaroons. I definitely recommend this place for a relaxing afternoon for tea.And a plus - they have a delicious happy hour menu
3	Located in Town Square, there is plenty to do before you sit down for a cup of tea. It's a great place to relax, hang out with friends and enjoy a cup of tea. The atmosphere is intimate and cozy. They have a good selection of teas and other drinks. One thing I love about Vegas is all the restaurants that offer a happy hour menu and English's has a good happy hour selection to compliment the sandwiches and pastry.  There is plenty of food to share, so not everyone needs to order a tea service. A good place to go for afternoon tea.
5	Absolutely phenomenal service. Did my daughter's 6th birthday party here, they let us bring our own decorations and cake and we did it up high tea a-la Sophia the 1st. Totally excellent!
1	Meeting up with a friend for a yuppie lunch in Town Square, I spotted English's patio and thought "heck, it's a nice day outside and if it's a pub I'm obligated to have a drink or so, despite the early hour," which perfectly suited my agenda.We ventured into the restaurant which was mostly empty and headed outside. The patio seating area itself is run down, and everything needs a fresh face. Fabric staples go a long way! No matter, I was there for the food. In the way of drinks, my companion ordered a beer and I got a Pimms cup. What arrived was some sort of bastardized version of the cocktail I love so dearly. There were giant fruit chunks in it which were so out of place, and a sparse 3 or so tiny pieces of ice on top that were quickly melting away. The drink wasn't even cold. It took about 15 minutes for our server to reappear at which point I asked if I could get something else instead because I really wasn't digging it. He left the drink which I hadn't touched on the table (which means I'm still paying for it) and brought me their house brew which he described as "like Budweiser." He wasn't wrong- it was exactly like Budweiser but with that sort of rusty taste that I associate with English beers. Not a fan of that either.So the drinks? Total bust. But the food was even worse. We ordered two appetizers which took 45min to come out. These appetizers were a cheese dip, and smoked salmon crostinis. How could it have taken that long?!The cheese dip hit the table with a thick layer of skin over the top- already unappetizing. The grilled bread that came with it was tasty, but the cheese itself was gross. Bitter from the ale and bell peppers with no real cheesiness.. You could tell this was mostly a cornstarch concoction.The smoked salmon was inedible to me. The "crostinis" were just sliced bread, not toasted or baked. The salmon was described on the menu as creamy, so I figured it was Atlantic, but it was ridiculously orange with no fat content at all, and was rather stiff. There was a thin slice of rolled cucumber on top which was supposed to up the presentation, but was just awkward as there was so way to functionally eat that. Our server didn't check on us again for a long time, and by the time he did we were ready for the check. We paid full price for everything even though it was all left untouched. Luckily since we were in Town Square it was just a hop away from other dining options.AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!
5	Great experience and amazing food.I have been waiting to try this place out for a while now and I'm glad to say that I finally got to experience it today. I went out with my friends to enjoy the amazing weather at Town Square and we made a decision to eat here. We were really famished and as we read their menu (which was posted outside) we were sold.As we walked through the restaurant we noticed the cool alcohol display in the hallway. The restaurant had a modern casual feel. They had a full stocked bar with a list of beers on tap and it was semi-open. My friends and I opted for the outdoor patio and it couldn't be more perfect to enjoy the view and the lovely weather.Our waitress (I wish I remembered her name. She was super nice and always made sure we were doing well) was very pleasant and made all the right suggestions when it came to ordering our food. I asked her what she'd recommend for an appetizer. She chose the Beef Poutine and it was the bomb.com the chips (fries) were cooked on point and the gravy was indescribably creamy and hearty. For my entree I got the Chicken Tikka Marsala curry. I'm not much of a curry fanatic but this curry got me hooked. I wish we had room for dessert but that means we all need to come back for their High Tea.  Highly recommended
1	If I could give this place negative stars, I would. I have given them two opportunities for high tea. Both times I made the reservation ahead. The last time was a large, large party. But don't take a reservation if you can't handle it...seriously. One table was for 13 little girls for their special little girls tea. At another table was 10 moms. It took 45 minutes for the girls to get their tea. FORTY FIVE MINUTES. These are girls under 12. The moms table was even worse. My mother and grandma and I ordered the Sussex Tea, which is just tea and scones. They got the order wrong, and after 90 minutes, when we still had not received our scones, we just paid for the tea and left. I am so pissed. We were freaking starving. The kitchen staff was clearly totally incompetent and not ready for our party, even though we called well ahead. I am disgusted! Especially when six other parties came in and received full meals after us.
2	A group of 4 of us ate here on Sunday 2/16. I really want to like this place. The food was good. The service, however, was quite poor. The service was slow and disjointed and our waiter seemed unsure of everything he was doing.
5	The experience, the food, the service, the weather. Wow! We couldn't have asked for a more perfect time for afternoon-tea.Our server was a doll. I forgot her name (sorry). But her cute hair (with purple tips) made her even more adorable.My sister and I are big fans of afternoon tea. We love to ham it up by wearing proper lady hats and dressing up. Well, we didn't change anything this time. We came dressed for the occasion.We sat on the patio, enjoying the gorgeous weather and watching what others were having for lunch. The scones were the best I've ever tasted. And they are huge (and unlimited). I only ate two and that was enough for me to want to undo my pants top button. The petite sandwiches and desserts were delicious as well. My only complain, if you want to call it that, is that our tea pots were not refilled with hot water so that we could continue drinking hot tea. But you know, after hanging out with my sis, eating great food and enjoying a relaxing afternoon, not having extra hot water/tea was not a big deal.I will be coming back here, for sure!
5	Came with a group of 3 to try their High tea and pastries. :) I drank 3 pots of earl gray tea to myself in 2 hours.. and devoured the tiers of food lmfao, Worth the price. Felt like a fatty but in a good way. This place has a Great vibe and great customer service! Will most definitely come back!
4	This is such a cute place! We came here for a tea party and decided to have a cocktail party instead! LolHappy hour is 3:30-6:30 & we took advantage of it! Our waiter Sean was a doll! He put our cocktails as happy hour drinks even though it was not included as a happy hour cocktail.The food was pretty alright. We got the Salmon Cristini which was really good! I could have ate those all day. We also got the Cheddar Spinach Dip which was mediocre. There was way too much dip & not enough ciabatta. We asked for more ciabatta & got charged extra for it. Then we got the Chicken lettuce wraps. Those were delicious! It comes with curry chicken with this yogurt dip -- omg to die for! Overall, the service was up to par, The food was good, & the drinks were the best. Definitely recommended!
4	Definitely the place to go to for a "tea party", or host a babyshower, or a get together!The price for the "tea party" is $20 a person, which was a bit pricey for us for tea and a tier of baked goods... We decided to have a cocktail party for two instead during our visit!We came right before happy hour which starts at 3:30pm - food, wine, beers & well drinks half off! Our waiter was so sweet and accommodated our every need! He even charged us their specialty cocktails as well-drinks, so we took advantage ..Now the food - to start with, we had the Salmon Crustini which was delicious! We also had the Brown Ale Cheddar Spinach Dip and the Chicken Lettuce Wrap. The dip was ok, sooo much dip for one order and I was all cheesed out! The lettuce wrap was great! Chicken was marinated in a coconut curry and it was served with the yogurt sauce.I also noticed that their "table cloths" were paper! Not so fancy if ya ask me...Overall experience was great!One day I'd like to try the tea menu, just to see what that's about!
5	Went with my three friends, sat on the patio and had the best afternoon tea in recent history. I highly recommend this place for tea! $20 is a steal. The scones, cream and sandwiches were top notch, the banoffee pie bites heavenly. Wish I lived close enough to go again soon.
2	So this was my third visit here - was very happy the first two, this time not so much.Made a reservation online.  When I mentioned it to the waiter he just kind of ignored me and sat us inside when I made the reservation for a table outside - clearly they don't bother to actually honor those - but it wasn't so busy that we couldn't get a table outside.  When we sat down I mentioned we would order tea then probably a meal later.  My friend noticed our waiter roll his eyes when I said that.  Um, ok .. you don't want us to have a bigger tab?  You'd prefer a smaller tip?  While taking our order he yawned in our faces and complained about being out late.  Then he got the order wrong.  We had to ask the waitress from another table to send him to us because he had long since disappeared after taking our order (she seemed very nice).  When he finally showed up he said only "Whats the problem?"  We explained the order got messed up and he made a derogatory comment about the kitchen staff.  After about 45 mins we received the correct order.We finally decided to just pay the bill and go over to McFaddens for our meals.  Once again we had to ask the waitress because we hadn't seen him in about 45 mins.  He didn't bring us water, ask how anything was, or show up so we could order dinner.  Its probably the first time in my life I didn't leave a tip.Now I don't mind waitstaff who get casual with me as long as the service is good - I frequent a few places where waitresses think nothing of dropping the F bomb during conversations with me.  However, in this case the service was just terrible.  He clearly had no interest in being our server, which is fine, but then let someone else handle our table.I would suggest sitting at a table being served by the girl with the tattoos.
1	No service at all. Thought there would be better service since it was empty. No water no menu no service. No wonder this place is empty
1	Been going here for the past couple of years and it used to be one of our favorites (back when they still served minted peas). The first time we dined here, we felt like the fish and chips were close to authentic. My boyfriend is British so he is a tough sell when it comes to good fish and chips.We continued to frequent English's and enjoyed the food (other than the chips coming out consistently over cooked). Sometimes we had bad service and sometimes we had food that wasn't so great. Just when we started feeling like we should stop eating here, they'd be on point with both. Well, we finally had enough of crappy service and mediocre food as of our last visit two visits.Terrible service and disgusting dessert the second to last time we ate here. Server kept forgetting our drinks, rang them up incorrectly and wasn't attentive. Do not order the arctic roll! It tasted old and freezer burned. The last time we were there our fish wasn't cooked properly. We called a waiter (our waiter was out of sight) to ask if the salmon was supposed to be a dark pink in the middle and he said he would ask. He went inside the kitchen then came out stating that the chef cooked it medium well and that's how it is traditionally served. We then proceeded to show him the variance in color between the end (more orange in color) and the middle (more pink in color). He was about to go into the kitchen and ask again so we asked him if he wanted to take the fish to show the chef, he did. He came back out with the partially eaten plate, placed it on the table and said it was undercooked. He asked if we wanted a new one. We asked for a new one because from what we did eat, the salmon was tasty. He was going to leave the undercooked fish on our table so we asked him to take it. While we waited for a new salmon fish and chips, our waiter stopped by our table to feed us more excuses and support the original idea of "medium well" fish. In their defense, the chips were cooked perfectly. I proceeded to eat my cod which was slightly cold in the center because I didn't want to cause an even bigger scene. My boyfriend watched me eat and I him once his food came out. It was cooked well the 2nd time but the chips were overcooked. Throughout the whole experience, NOT ONE APOLOGY FROM ANYONE. No offers to comp anything.Having worked in the food industry for a few years, I'm disappointed and a bit angered by their lack of professionalism. I hope they learn to take responsibility in the future.
5	Love the staff everyone is soo sweet. This is my favorite local restaurant to grab a snack or a nice dinner. The food is amazing and their sticky toffee pudding is to die for! Love this place!
1	This is a story of love and of hate.I'm not one of those yelpers that has an okay time then dramatically posts how horrid a place is.  I'm a restaurant/catering business owner that is very easily pleased.  I know how demanding serving, cooking, bartending and the like are on people.  That being said I've always put forth my all in the service of my guests.  I don't care how tired, hung over, bloody mentally taxed I am, my customers/guests come first.I've been going to this location since its opening.  I thought I had found my new local pub.  The food was brilliant, they had a great selection of beers, grand cider on draught and the atmosphere seemed very low key.  It could either be a fun little pub or a fine dining establishment.In the beginning the service seemed brilliant, we were taken care of and the food was grand.  Each consecutive visit the service slipped downhill. I've had birthdays, meetings, I've referred people to this wee place.   Each time I've had people come back and tell me it was just eh, that the food was good but they felt ignored by the staff.We went to the opening week of McFaddens, we weren't greeted, then ignored by 8 bartenders for at least .5 an hour.  We decided to go to EQ, the weather was amazing so we sat outside.  We were ignored, finally we got a spot at the bar had a pint and left.  November past, I invited my friends to celebrate by visiting me for their happy hour, We arrived before six, got seated and were ignored for about 30 minutes.  As more of my friends showed up we moved to another table.  The seats adjacent to us filled, were ignored, and then emptied by disgruntled guests.  We nervously joked about it.  One, two , three, and when the fourth set of guests departed sans assistance, we got worried.  The two servers were taking care of a party inside and seemed rather stressed.  I eventually went to the bar and got a strongbow.  The night progressed, we eventually got our food, three orders were wrong and cold. We still left a sizeable tip for our party, and left a bit disappointed.  This place should thrive.We had guests in town over the weekend, we offered to take them to the airport Saturday night.  It being a huge basketball night, town square was right packed.  I thought yard house would be grand to bring the tourists to, it had a 45 minute wait.  We were hungry and didn't want to wait for our food.  Despite us saying that we'd not return to EQ, we knew it would dead.  We were right.  We entered the pub, weren't greeted and found it difficult to sit at the bar due to one of the waitresses chatting someone up in the aisle.  We sat down and the bartender told us that we couldn't order food because he didn't feel like remembering our order.  There was something off about him. He was seriously flung the menus and other items down.  He would be a good fit at Dick's last resort, I could call taco for him if he'd like.  He took our order 14 minutes after, he asked for our order several times, got it wrong. We finally got our food and there was still something omitted. Once that was righted, he yelled down to me to see if my beer was okay.  We got the spinach dip, a cheese platter, salmon pasta, chips and curry, and a curry plate.  The dip was like water, we asked him if this was normal and he said no its usually less watery. The flavor was horrid, like milk with a splash of beer in it and the consistency of skim.  He said he'd get us a new one, we declined it, insisting that we have to go.  We waited to pay, he eventually returned again with another dip, that same dip we declined.  We paid and left.I see no reason why this place has such bad service.  EQ, if you need someone to come in and manage, cook, we'll offer up our services.  When we visit a packed town square and walk by a very dead English's, it bloody hurts my heart.  Also fix your ice maker, exposed condenser and open container aren't good things for SNHD to see.CheersSorry if my flow is a bit off, I may be a wee bit tired.
1	To say the experience was horrible is not being over-dramatic.To begin, we were seated in the same room as a 'tea party' with only two empty tables - for the two of us and another couple (the rest of the tables in the room were for the party and full) and it was uncomfortable. We waited 10 minutes after being seated to be greeted, we ordered our food and drinks (non-alcoholic) since we had plenty of time to look over the menu. After 15 minutes, still no drinks or server to wave down and our food arrived. The runner dropped it (didn't ask if we needed anything and left) - not to mention he set the food in the center of the table not asking what dish belonged to who. Still no drinks, silverware or server to be flagged so we waited for ten minutes and finally received our drinks after we almost had to trip a server. We the asked for silverware and 5 minutes later it arrived. Almost 15 minutes we could finally eat. (Yes, we could have physically got up and asked someone, but that seems tacky to me). We weren't asked if we needed anything else - and next time we saw the waiter he asked if we needed dessert - after declining, he dropped the check. The check sat on the table, visibly ready, for another ten minutes until a very nice waitress came up and apologized for the delay profusely and finished the check. The food was cold by the time we were able to eat but seemed decent. I had the fish and chips (no vinegar offered or available) and it was just okay. My friend had the Pate and it was served in an extremely odd presentation with no explanation. Not one person (except the nice waitress, Viviana) apologized for their horrible and unprofessional service.I would prefer to give zero stars, but Viviana herself deserves 5 starts, so I will give the place one. Shameful.
2	Ordered the cod & chips, and it was very tasty...the cod & chips gets 4 stars. The atmosphere was lacking, with an empty, stale inside seating area and the outside tables taken up by only myself and my boyfriend. There was no music, there was only hubbub from Blue Martini next door. The price seemed high for the recommended, yet mediocre steak chips & bits, and my waiter recommended me a beer that I was hesitant about trying. He never checked to see if I enjoyed it, or noticed that I had scooted it to my boyfriends side of the table. I don't believe this place has enough draw, not even for happy hour pricing, to go back. Such a shame, it's a lovely location but with lacking service & an unsavory atmosphere, I don't foresee myself ever caring to go back.
2	After a lot of mall walking/window shopping, I decided to check this place out.  I ordered the fish sliders.  The bread was too sweet, the fried fish was flavorless and the overall product was overpriced and undersized.  What irked me was that I was still hungry and had to get a smoothie AFTER the meal to fill up.  I have no interest coming back.
4	To hell with the Blue Martini across the way, I like the intimate patio of this restaurant. It's low key and a great place to enjoy happy hour. The brunch here has great dishes and my husband's family from England came here twice during a recent visit. I guess the food was familiar to them and therefore comforting.Service was attentive the 3 times I've come here. I think this is the best restaurant that's been in this spot since Town Square opened.
4	Love this restaurant! First of all, there is no better place to sit outside, sip a beer, and people watch at Town Square. The food is unique, not the regular menu. I truly enjoy that. The staff is absolutely sweet and helpful. They know their food and drinks.I love love love the Chicken Tikka Masala! It's delicious, and spiced the way you want it, mild, medium, hot or crazy hot :) Yumm! Go, check it out!
3	I have been to this place several times. I love the food the Strongbow Ale is awesome. What bothers me is the service. An example is what happened last night. My friend and I had gotten there early and had some beers and an app while waiting for one more person. I had to ask the waiters for another beer agreed sitting there a while... Which I thought, no biggie. Then when our third person joined us, it was as if they took even longer to wait on us. We noticed the bartender was also waiting tables, which made us to believe they were short handed.  We were going to order dinner than decided to go somewhere else because the service was just not that good. I get it when you're short on help, but may I recommend that you acknowledge customers who are patiently waiting and tell them you will be with them asap. It might save you from several customers walking out like what happened last night. I love this place and how the next time is an improvement!
3	4/20/2014 Easter Sunday. The place was not full. As we walked in the staff looked confused and no one greeted us. They just all looked at each other like they didn't know who was going to take us. We chose our table on the patio. Outside of the menus being given to us, there was no offer of water or drinks. The wait staff was less than enthusiastic and definitely lethargic. I got so frustrated I walked back into the restaurant to tell them that the service was lacking. Honestly I think this is a management problem and not with the staff. Where is management to make sure tables are being serviced properly? Why is the new bartender not trained to smile and say hello to customers walking into the restaurant? Why is there no hostess on EASTER Sunday?Our server was gracious and apologetic but the food coming out of the kitchen took extra long too. As icing on the cake, the dessert had a piece of plastic wrap in it. I'll still return to this restaurant and I'll happily update my review again but for now, this last visit left me disappointed.
2	Meh. I was really excited to find this place but was just disappointed. The food was ok but not great. It was a little pricy for what you get
2	My husband and I wanted to go into a different restaurant for brunch while we were in Vegas. My husband found the reviews for English's and we took our child off to the Town Place. We arrived within an hour of opening. The restaurant is near the children's play area so it's a bit hidden back. When the Gameworks opens, it'll probably be more of a draw.    One of the best things about this place is the fact they do some English fusion stuff - which sounds pretty weird but things like a poutine with an onion gravy, sliced bangers and chile cheddar cheese over fries. Not the stuff that I've had in Canada. But it was quite tasty! My husband had the steak and mushroom pie which he really enjoyed. I had the cod and fries which was a huge plate of perfectly crisp fries, a small bowl of sweet mashed peas and a large piece of battered cod. All tasted really lovely and was very filling.   The reason I only give English's two stars is because of the staff. Again, we arrived within an hour after the restaurant opening and there was only one other table seated having tea but the service was lackluster. The hostess at the beginning polite and friendly but lost that the second time we saw her. The waiter seemed harried but again, there was only one other table seated. He was really nice but just didn't show any real interest in finding out how we were doing. He took our orders for drinks and there was a long wait before our order for food was taken. When our meal was delivered by I believe was the hostess, we asked for water and she glared at us. We had to ask again for water and finally a carafe was delivered to our table.    I'd like to say it was maybe just us they didn't like but another group came in - a large family of about 8 people. They gave their drink order and none of the drinks delivered to the table was remotely correct (a Sprite was brought instead of a Coke kind of thing). Admittedly, there were a couple people at the table who were asking far too many questions about what the food was (the menu is pretty clear what the food is) but still, they had our waiter who seemed harried and confused by them.   I would love to come back here because the food is so good but I cannot bring my friends here or even suggest they eat here because the service is just so bad. Such a shame.
1	Horrible service!! Went there and took 40 mins for us to find out who our server was. Ended up leaving before we even ordered. Go to any other place in town square or youll waste your time.
3	Eating here was very different. My gf and I were just looking for a place to eat and had plenty of choices at Town Square. We had eaten at the majority of the restaurants in the surrounding area, but wanted to try something fast and different so we tried this place. For appetizers, we ordered the Salmon Costini and Olde English. I thought that the smoked Salmon on the Costini was pretty good, but the Olde English was something very different. I mean, it wasn't bad at all, but it was definitely something that I have never had. The sausage in the bread was good, but the scotch egg was okay. For our entrees, my gf ordered the Steak, Mushroom, and Newcastle Ale Pie. It came with mashed potatoes, a flakey crust type of bread, and lastly a bowl of what looked like soup with the steak and mushroom. Overall my gf said it was good, nothing great though. I ordered the fish and chips sliders which came with fries (chips) and also thought that it was on the "okay" side. In summary, the restaurant was okay, definitely something different. If you wanted to try something on the different side try this restaurant but I gave it a 3 star because services was good not great (server seemed a little green) and lastly food was different.
5	This staff went ABOVE AND BEYOND to make my birthday brunch a memorable one! The bottomless mimosas and belini's were a hit! The presentation for the fruit and pastry tray was absolutely adorable. It was all far more than I was expecting! I'm glad I chose this place. They fit 25-30 of us on their patio easily and it was just so perfect!
3	What we tried foodwise, was good. Caesar salad- expected a tiny salad, since it says $3 on HH so we each ordered one. It was huge. Enough to split. Needed more dressing & had a few aged edges, otherwise very good. Poutine was also very good. Liked the spicy bangers. This is one awkward dish to describe in words. :)Ordered the bread plate, but were quite full when it came. Those pretzels with honey mustard were special, I would order just the pretzels with dip, if it was offered.Our problem was service. Our server, Jenn, was really good considering that it looked like she was the only server during HH. I counted about 13 tables for just her at one point. Though I give low marks for customer service, it's not to take away from her. She really handled herself with grace, did the best she could and never appeared frazzled. Very professional. She was hustlin'!Luckily, we were in no hurry. Took about 25 minutes to get water/order drinks; 15 to order food. Food came fast...I wanted to order another seasonal brew, but never saw anyone to order from again until plates were cleared. When the check came, everything but drinks were priced differently than the menu stated. I mentioned it, they "fixed" it, yet the prices were still different than what the menu stated. False advertising is not cool. I felt really mislead, so ya not a great ending to what was surprisingly good food.  I just felt kind of bad for the server & hope mgmt can get it together. Could be 5 stars here! Need smaller portions on happy hour; as a customer, I'm not expecting a huge portion on an HH menu.
5	Have to try tea service for brunch one day or something! They really go all out and it's a great deal that keeps you full.Scones (with their homemade cream- YUMMM), your own mini pot of tea, petit fours, small sandwiches. So good.
2	Well. The service was great. Our server was attentive and helpful. But I was really disappointed in the food. There's been a steady downward spiral in the quality of all the dishes. I first came here back when it opened a few years ago and I was incredibly impressed. But today the chicken korma was dry (not really curry at all), the chips were over cooked, the burger was dry, and the Yorkshire pudding was atrocious. I've recommends this place several times over the years, but I won't be any more. It's sad to see a nice place go down hill.
4	Wonderful restaurant. Loved the High Tea!!  The food is really good and filling - scones - finger sandwiches - desserts - tea. We added the champagne and chocolate covered strawberries for $10 more. Simply the best!The only reason not 5 stars is would have liked a little more table time with our server. Restaurant wasn't crowded - but maybe he was just busy with something / someone else. But all in all - loved and will be back!!!
3	My boys surprised to some afternoon tea for Mother's Day. Upon arrival I noticed how small the place was and lack of decor. Everything was pretty open. We were seated in the half booth/chair right in front of the bar. Not the best view with a toddler and sports going on the tv. It looked a little  cramped as the waiters/waitresses walked by. We opted to sit next to each other inside the booth and had baby in between us. Im sure if I sat across from hubby and baby is be sucking my tummy in and scooting my chair in so they can get by. I noticed they wall stand there and talk until they have a table that needs to be serviced. I'm not a big fan of that. We had a nice waiter (probably the supervisor because she didn't have a matching uniform like the others) she was great the entire time not pushy and checked on us periodically but not overwhelming. The only thing was she didn't ask if we have been there before because we were confused with the tea menu as we have not experienced "high tea" before. That was my "uh oh ... this may be a bad experience" first impression but she gladly explained after I asked how does this work. We got the tea first (kudos to not having to share the same pot or flavor) the pot was a cutesy one like I had imagined tea time. It was a plain white pot and they marked the tea flavor the cover. Wasn't so pretty, I guess. Then we got our sandwiches, scones and dessert. Uhhhh....I was upset at the sandwich. It was just a cream cheese spread and another one with two different types of bread with the same spread and thinly slices cucumbers in it. Wtf! I could've made better sandwiches at home. I was hoping for a variety in the sandwiches. The scones with the cream and jelly was pretty delish tho! On the top tier had cake pops, petit fours and mini macarons. That was just OK. I think they can do a little better even for the reasonable price. I don't know if you get ripped off as far as servings goes had we not added the kids tea meal thingy. She did mention free refills on the scones and dessert. We probably loaded up on the scones and left full from that. Cause the second tier was all the same scones. Unfortunately, my friend did warn me about this place but it was a surprise brunch from hubby. So I had no choice and didn't want to complain. I won't be going back. I'll be having my own tea party at home.
4	So fun.  Try the tea breakfast.  Sandwiches, scones and desserts.
1	The fish 'n chips was so greasy that it was slipping out of my hands.  The Guiness Stout was warm and went untouched.  How can a British Pub ruin such a meal?  The server took off the beer, but I did pay for the food.  P.S. I am a local who eats at least once a week at Town Square.  Next time I will go to the Yardhouse!
2	Super cute space! But super under-whelmed! I was really hoping to like this place, they have an awesome outdoor space and just an overall great location! But this place has horrible service and mediocre food. Keeping walking if you pass by this place....
4	Great place to have Sunday tea or unlimited mimosa! Awesome price and for kids just being $5 is a plus as my girlfriend and I like to take the nieces out for aunt/uncle weekend outings.  Definitely recommend this place. Get the special of scones/sandwich and dessert tier platters.  I could eat the scones all day. Just don't come in hungry as it's not big portions and is meant for edible tastings.
5	Bangers and mash, branston pickle, sticky toffee pudding and a good cuppa!What more could I  ask for??..............
2	My wife being English we were excited to go but was very disappointed.  Fish and Chips were ok but nothing spectacular. The mashed peas compared to Ramsay s pub was pale by comparison. For 3 of us it was $70...too much for lunch. And the sharing I had from wife and daughter was very bland. I think they ran out of seasoning in the kitchen.
5	I was not expecting this place to be so good. Blew me away. The fish with the fish and chips, was fresh and thick and delicious. Their ice tea was wonderful, which if you love ice tea like I do that can be hard to find.  Overall it was an unexpected delicious find.
5	Back again. Insert all the good stuff from last time, and add that the gravy on the Bangers and Mash is sooooo good. Glad to see this place is still around and keeping true to their quality.
1	Never again! 1st of all, their AC broke so it was hot and everyone was using the menu fanning themselves. We found out that 1 AC unit broke. It's our 1st time trying out their tea menu. We ordered the most expensive tea choice because we thought it can't go wrong since we never had it before which is the $50 Champagne Tea. According to their menu, it comes with 1 bottle of house champagne, salmon sandwiches, vege sandwiches, unlimited tea or coffee, unlimited scones and pastries. After we placed the order, our waitress came back to tell us that they are low on tea. So I ordered coffee instead. Then she told me that we could have 1 pot of coffee. So I pointed at the menu that shows Unlimited pots of tea or coffee. Then she said you can have 1 or 2 pots. The food came out. It has 2 brownies, 2 macaroons, 2 cream puffs, whipped cream and jam, and some vege sandwiches. The waitress told us that they are out of salmon and they are out of scones. I asked for more macaroons instead since they are out of everything else. She came back with 2 more and told me that they have no more macaroons. We complained to the manager. He asked us to please come back and give them another try but didn't do anything to correct the current situation. We paid full price and left. It seems like they are only using this menu to get people in and once you order, they will tell you everything is out. I made that assumption because every time when I asked for more from the waitress, she went to her manager and showed him her mini ipad which seems to me that she is telling him that we already had 2 macaroons and 1 pot of coffee. They just seem cheap and only want your money and don't care what service they provide.
2	Went for lunch w/ friends and had the fish and chips, and the poutine for an appetizer. It was decent (fish was cooked well) - they were out of their tartar sauce which was kind of disappointing. Service was Ok. Good beer. Could've done without the poutine
3	You know? I liked it. I like reading a menu and seeing many items I don't see on every other menu. The food itself was ok. The curry chicken was slightly bland. The burger was ok. The kids meal was adequate.The server sucked but the manager really stepped up and saved the experience. I'd definitely go back.
2	I visited english's for the high tea experience, when we were seated our table was very badly crooked so we asked the waiter straighten it out. The waiter advised us to hold the lid to the tea pot because it falls off easily. It was very hard to catch the leaves, pour the tea and hold the lid at the same time. We waited half an hour for our sandwiches, scones, and pastries. The sandwiches were plain and served at room temperature. The scones were bland and the powered sugar made a mess. I also didn't like any of the pastries on the top tier at all. The atmosphere was cramped and the few waiters ran around us the entire time. When the manager arrived he started yelling at the waiters for no reason, then I noticed him drinking on the job as well as the servers drinking. He also made a drink behind the bar and then he took a straw and tasted it from the shaker, made a face and served the drink anyway. The regular food looked and smelled amazing, I would've much rather have gotten regular lunch than waste my time and money on the tea. If you are looking for high tea in Las Vegas try the Veranda at the Four Seasons resort it's pricey but well worth it. I will not be returning to English's for tea, I may stop by and try the food at happy hour because it looked delicious.
4	I set up my best friends bridal shower here. The staff was extremely accommodating.  I was able to set up everything from out of state which was a stress off my shoulders. Her guests all left happy. As for the high tea foods, I personally liked the top tier the best (sweets! ). The salty caramel macaroons and the brownie... mmm.  Scones were scones. Less dry than I'm used to but not a fave.
2	Went here for afternoon tea and this place was pretty much empty on the inside. I decided to sit outside. Beware! The tables are very dusty! Server was attentive and polite. Can't remember the first tea I had, but it tasted like watered down perfume. I switched to a different one and it wasn't any better. However, the scones with the cream and jam here are addicting! Seriously, they were so good I had to order another round! The sandwhiches here are below average. Hard and slightly stale bread with either cucumber or chopped smoked salmon. Desserts were okay, nothing spectacular. The only reason I would come back is because of the scones.
3	Good location at Town Square especially when the weather is nice and you can sit on the deck that has a good view of the grass area there.I have gone here a few times for their tea service which is cute with the treat tower and yummy scones.I wish they have more of a breakfast/brunch menu, but it's kind of small, doesn't have even one pancake, waffle or crepe option.  They do have lox though and that's good.I need to go back and try it for dinner.
4	English's is a hidden Vegas gem with food that takes you back to London and an option for patio dining.  This weekend was my second visit to English's.  We had just finished up a 9 hole golf game, so we were pretty hot and hungry.  We began with some Pimms cups (official English liquor with lemonade or fruit).  We also had the salmon crust-inis to start. They were super good!One person on out group had the bangers and mash, which I tried on my last visit. It was better this time around.  Last time it was swimming in too many onions.  I had the fish and chips which included the mashed peas.  Who knew that peas could be this good!?! The fish and batter was great complete with some side sauce.  Another friend had the fish sandwich sliders which she seemed to enjoy.  We sat near a party that was enjoying the "high tea".  I definitely want to return for that.  It was like a sweet little tea party complete with savory snacks and deserts.  English's never seems to be busy.  I'm assuming because some people don't know how to eat at places that aren't chains?! You should go here! They also have a great beer selection.
4	Let's start with the bad:  The service can be quite slow almost nonexistent.  Plan for it.The food was good.  I had the cottage pie and it was delicious, but more than one person could possibly finish.  I tried very very hard. :)My husband had the rainbow trout and thought it was delicious.  The iced tea was very good too.  A light refreshing flavor that I can't place.A different time we came for tea, (the whole shebang...tea, sandwiches, scones, etc..)I came with 4 people and they were all enamored with the food, the service the waiter gave (he had to deal with a picky older lady), and the way he just left us alone to talk, but popped over whenever we motioned for him.
3	Sigh. I wanted to walk in and give this place 5 stars. Upon arrival, at 1030 on a Saturday morning, the place was dead. Us, one other table of two, and a table set for 8 or so that only one person had arrived for. The host gave us our menus, and they he turned into our server. Or at least I think he was? He came around our table the most so we will go with yes. After looking through all three menus I decided on the tea service. I got the tropical green tea by the servers recommendation and he brought it over right away. The tea was good, sweet. No complaints there. It took so long to get my tea service tray I didn't get it until the person I was with had her scones and her Shepards Pie. I mean it's scones, mini desserts, and tea sandwiches. I thought I would've had it pretty quickly. Also by the time I was ready for more tea, my server took forever to come around, and when he did refill my tea pot, I gave it the two minutes to steep then went to pour a cup, and my tea was ROOM TEMPERATURE. He literally poured me the water 3 minutes prior so he gave meLukewarm water. Really?! Aren't you known for your "tea service"? How do you screw up tea? I was not happy at all about this and the situation was never rectified because he never came back after until about 20 minutes later when he brought us the check. The desserts were just okay, the only thing I had that was worth mentioning was a creme puff, and I'm pretty sure it's the ones you get from costco in the freezer section. There was a little berry cheesecake bar that I couldn't eat because of all the artificial chemical flavor in the "berry" and graham cracker crust. The other was a vibrant green macaroon that was awful. I had to ask the server what flavor the macaroon was supposed to be perpetrating and he informed me it was pistachio. HA. Funny. The cranberry scone was FANTASTIC. And hot. And the cream that accompanied was out of this world. when I moved onto my plain scone I discovered it was severely over baked, a dark brown color and totally tasted that way. I could only eat two bites. Server didn't come around for 20+ minutes for me to just order another cranberry scone.  The worse part of this was that after ten minutes of ordering my second scone to replace that burnt thing, the server comes back and informs me they're out of cranberry scones and the kitchen just put a new batch in so it would be 12-15 minutes. Really? You're out of scones on a Saturday morning when there's 3 tables? And it also took ten minutes to tell me it would be another 15? Awesome.The sandwich later was hit or miss. Two sandwiches had just one piece each, and two had two pieces. Thankfully the good ones had two pieces. The first was something with apple and it tasted like straight mayo, and I was okay with there only being one piece. The second was an egg salad that any one of us could've made by mashing some eggs and throwing in a spoon of mayo, again only one. The third was a cucumber sandwich and after the two pieces I wished I had two more. The fourth was a lox-salmon sandwich and again I wished I had more than two. Overall the service was appalling. It deserved 1 star and has be debating if I'll ever be back. Especially the serving of lukewarm water for tea. That's inexcusable.The food was so so. The desserts and half the sandwiches were nothing to write home about. The cranberry scone (glad THEY weren't burnt) and the accompanying cream were fantastic, as were the other half of the sandwiches. This place really could've gotten 4 if not 5 stars out of me if their staff paid attention. Cold tea water and burnt scones and ignoring your table just isn't the way to do it.
4	Nice place to go for high tea! They have a fun english menu and a decent happy hour. The ale cheddar and ciabatta bread appetizer is big enough for a meal. It's nice to sit on the outdoor patio and drink some tea.
5	Love the selection of beers and great happy hour 7 days a week! Cod and Chips was delicious! Toad in the Hole was delicious! Too bad I ate and drank too much to have dessert! Very relaxed atmosphere, good service, throughly enjoyed myself and will return!
4	What a fun and unique addition  to Town Square. A friend and I discovered this gem while in search of grub after some late afternoon shopping. I was so excited to see the three tiers of sandwiches and sweets when we walked in.  Unfortunately we were not prepared for tea and ordered a quick curry instead.  The flavors were good and stayed true to their gastro pub theme. Next time I will absolutely order high tea and mountain of treats with my girlfriends. So posh!
2	Every time I've stopped by English's, this little British pub has been a ghost town. Few patrons seem to frequent English's even on a Friday or Saturday night during their reverse happy hour from 9PM - 11PM! Maybe it's the location? This trendy little restaurant is located at Town Square on the second floor just down the hallway from Blue Martini. First off, I can only attest to my experience for English's Happy Hour. The reverse happy hour is a big draw, as are the appetizers that are priced just right. I've ordered the cheese plate at least 3 times, and let me tell you, that cheese plate is the bees knees. It's a bargain for only $5. It comes with around 6 different slices of artisanal cheeses that are packed with flavor. The cheeses are accompanied by crusty bread and a couple of dipping sauces. By the way, according to the menu, the cheese plate only comes with 3 varieties of cheeses, but I've always received at least 5 variations each time I've ordered it. I wouldn't recommend the chip curry ($3), and the beer ($5) can be hit or miss. It's pretty common to hear that they're run out of a popular type of beer for the reverse happy hour. Also, during my last visit, they admitted that the beer was not cold. WTF? How are you going to serve lukewarm temperature beer? We ordered beer anyways and sure enough, the beer was about room temp.Service is extremely slow and like other yelpers have mentioned, almost nonexistent. Our waiter literally forget about us and we quickly learned to order 2 drinks at a time so we wouldn't have to wait around for him to come around. To make things more frustrating, the place is empty so it's not like there's an excuse for slow service. The staff likes to gather around and chit chat.      Sorry English's, but your delicious cheese plate can't save you!
5	It was a nice restaurant. I liked the High Tea!!  I have heard about this place and wanted to try it. The food was up to par. We were a big group and they loved the  scones , we had finger sandwiches, desserts and ofcourse the varieties of tea. The presentation of the food were very cute. With a big group they will add 20% gratuity.The waitress was very attentive as well.
4	I have to give this place a four although I can understand the people who gave it less than a four for the service. My group has gone here twice for the high tea. Both times because it's such a large group we get the balcony of the restaurant.  I have to say they're very accommodating because they allow us extra tables for our silent auction.The tea service is nice. The bottom level of the tea service are the sandwiches. The cucumber sandwich is my favorite. The middle level of the tea service is the scones and I think the cranberry scone is fantastic the cream that comes with the scones is amazing the top layer of the tea service are the sweets. I have a feeling they are not made in house but I could be wrong about that.  Either way you can have as much of the top two levels of tea service as you want. The only thing they won't refill are the sandwiches. The tea is really good too. This time I had orange dream. The reason I say that I agree with the others about service is because it is quite slow and it's never quite busy enough for it to be that slow.  But they did give us free champagne as a result, so who can complain???
3	Had lunch with a couple co-workers here this week. The restaurant had a nice look but it was hard to tell if they were open when we arrived at 12:30. It took a while for anyone to seat us and then we were one of only two tables. We all tried their burgers, I had the original cheese burger. My co-diners had the chicken burger and the curry burger. My burger was decent but not great. I was asked how I wanted it cooked, I said medium and it came out very well done. The fries were very good. The server was very friendly. It was not too bad of an experience and the food was decent but nothing to write home about. The dining room seemed a little cramped and not sure what it would be like if full. Anyways, wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again, but wouldn't avoid it either.
5	Food was great! Staff was friendly and nice. They could have used more staff though during lunch time. The tea was awesome. Highly recommend for outdoor dining and good food.
1	I've added this to my list of places I never ever want to waste money again! The service is okay, but the food is despicable. First, they were out of several items (salmon, pork belly, and something else), which is strange because we were sitting down at around 6 pm in a mostly empty dining area.I'm an Indian food fan, so I asked the waiter his opinion on their selection of Indian food and he thought it was great. I asked him if he had ever actually had Indian food before and he had not, which was a warning sign to me immediately. Instead of Indian, I ordered the tomato soup and curry and chips.  The tomato soup made my stomach upset and the curry tasted like stewed onions. Unfortunately none of my girlfriends were pleased with their food. Obviously, we won't be returning.
4	I'm sad that there are so many negative reviews about this place because my experience was just fine! The restaurant was completely empty at 5:30pm on a Tuesday, and by the time we left at 7:00pm, only one other set of people had arrived. I do wonder how they stay in business?Service was very nice- we mentioned that it was chilly in there because the front doors were open, and they shut them and turned up the heat (and returned to inform us of it). Our water carafe was kept full, and the server checked on us frequently.They have a pretty good Happy Hour, which made for an economical bite. We had the Olde English, which was basically like a small pastry roll with sausage and hard boiled eggs, and the Salmon Crostini, which is a lettuce wrap with salmon and cream cheese. They both were very tasty little bites and the presentation was quite nice. I hope that this is the standard for English's these days, and if I'm in the area again, I might stop in!
3	English's is an interesting conundrum. With a name like English's Quintessentially British, I was picturing a more quaint cottage feel instead of the ultra modern and sleek decor. They have a nice patio overlooking the center of Town Square and they could really do a lot with this place. Unfortunately, there are just as many things to dislike about this place as there are to like. The pros: decent drink selection, nice patio area, pleasant staff and relatively fair priced happy hour food.The cons: some of the food was decent, but is was a crapshoot and nothing blew me away flavor-wise.Overall, I would recommend English's for happy hour only and I'm still curious to try their afternoon tea.
4	It is always fun to find places like this off the strip.  My aunt and uncle live in Vegas so they have been here before; with two major occasions to celebrate they rented out the patio area.  They had a mini appetizer bar which was awesome; the food was delicious and the dessert was amazing.  There were about 60 in our party but aside from us the restaurant was dead - on a Saturday night which was surprising.  Next time I am in town I'll have to stop by to actually try the menu.
1	Skip it.. we are 2 of the 4 people in this place and it's 20 min and second mimosa and no food. Not even a biscuit to tide you over. After we order our meals we are told there are no mushrooms they used them all in the Sheppard pie.. really?
4	Date & Time:  Thursday November 13, 2014 @ 4pmScene:  BFF's in Crop Tops & Flared Minis w/ BootsMusic:  EDMDecor:  Contemporary.  White Leather Seating & Dark WoodsService:  Nice & EfficientImbibe:  Tea w/ A Dozen to Choose FromDevour:  Tea Service:  Three Tiers of Assorted Mini-Sandwiches, Scones & Petit FoursTotal:  $20 Per Person
3	My friend C and I wanted to have High Tea. Your choices are bit thin in Vegas - only two places, English's being one of them. And the price is right, $20 per person for the basic tea service with includes tea sandwiches, a pot of tea, petit fours and unlimited scones.    We arrived around 4pm which is a slow time for most places. There were only a couple of tables occupied when we arrived. We were asked whether we wanted to be inside or outside. The afternoon was nice so we sat outside under a slightly broken umbrella. The waiter who I think was also the bartender was good about coming to tell us about the tea service, letting us know what the different types of tea services, asking if we needed anything while we were thinking. He came back fairly quickly. We ordered the basic tea service which included tea sandwiches (smoked salmon, cucumber, pickle with cheddar), petit fours and scones (plain and cranberry). It came with whipped cream, butter and strawberry jam. The sandwiches were good but we were not impressed with the pickle and cheddar sandwich because it was definitely pickle but not cheddar. The petit fours were nice but nothing was outstanding. The scones were tasty - the cranberry being the best.    We were basically ignored for the last hour we were there. Kind of a downer. I think that English's should consider trying to get staff to be more interested in interacting with customers. It's a delicate balance because there is the too much attention and too little. English's is far too good at ignoring. It's the food that brings you there.
3	Round 2Date 11/30/14Time: 6:00pmI don't know if this is a part of the holiday season or poor management but... 1. After 24 hours this gastro "PUB" still has a dead tap2. The restaurant is out of burgers3. The restaurant is out of steak4. The restaurant is out of cheeseOverall I'll give this place one more shot in the near future but I've knocked this down to 3 stars for questionable inventory management.(Servers are polite, but still dissatisfied with the lack of inventory) More reviews to come.... Round 1Date: 11/29/14Time: 7:00pmMy boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place by chance and it is absolutely lovely. Right across from Capriotti's on the 2nd floor, the food is reasonable, prices solid and it has enough of our interest to come again. Granted service was a bit slow since the servers seem to double as bar tenders. (more reviews to come in the future)
5	I very much enjoyed my visit. I will absolutely be back. $50 (for 2 people) for a bottle of champagne, unlimited loose leaf tea, and a 3 tier of finger sandwiches, scones with cream and jelly, and desserts, plus added chocolate covered strawberries - that's a great deal. The service was friendly and helpful. My company was not really one for tea and the server helped pick a tea that would be enjoyable and he was right. I can't wait to go back!
4	This place has the authentic feel of an old English pub even though it is only a few weeks old. Food above average, service harried but pleasant.
4	Very inviting atmosphere. Has a charm to it. Came here on a monday afternoon for a surprise corporate luncheon. Entrance was kind of weird.Food & service: Servers were very attentive. Always refilled drinks. After taking drink/entree orders they brought out croissants and another unnamed bread. Both tasty. I ordered the pork belly. 3 1inch thick  pork bellies  braised in honey apple over mashed potatoes. Great meal! Reason why it got a four, bringing out food was really slow. Even for a big party, the place was almost empty. Great selection of beer on tap, if i wasnt at work i would have ordered.
1	We went to English today for tea.  There was a small group of people standing at the entrance, and they informed us that although they had called twice to check on hours, they were not being seated because a private party was there, and the waiter told them they could not let them in until that party had been served.  I peaked in and saw there was a group that took up about 1/4 of the restaurant, and also noted that there were 3 waiters and a bartender just standing there. So I said that it looked like they had plenty of help, so why can't we be seated?  The answer we were given was that there was not enough kitchen help.  The one lady asked for the manager and we were told the manager was not there, so she asked for his/her card, which took several minutes to produce. They left, we left, and the two parties behind us left.  We come in from Boulder City just to have tea now and then, but we never were treated like this before.  It appeared they had plenty of wait staff, why didn't they add kitchen staff as well?  The manager should have been there helping!Big disappointment, WONT BE BACK!!!
2	Lost our reservation for High Tea.  Didn't fill the water glasses.  Delivered Andre "champagne" for the Champagne Tea option. Waiter rarely checked on us. Asked if we wanted more hot water for tea as we were finishing the original pot that had cooled off. Hard to flag the waiter down to get the check.  Staff not interested in helping customers.  Go the the Mandarin Oriental if you really want a class act for High Tea.
5	I had high tea at this restaurant. It was a great place for brunch. High tea is a great deal and worth the value. It's only available until 6pm, but they have a full menu available as well. The service was good. The food was fresh and delicious I will definitely be back. I can't wait to bring all my friends.
4	I like the food it's pretty good I had the champagne cream tea, the "champagne" was nice with citrus & apple notes. The sandwiches were nice & scones were fresh. I enjoyed all tiers pretty much. The service was good but not great. Would recommend this place but be patient with the staff, they are very friendly too. I felt like you get a lot for your $ with the high tea,
5	As usual, in a place I haven't been before, I used Yelp to see what was available in Las Vegas Town Square (which is another review in itself) and read off the likely choices to my traveling companion, my brother. "What about British food?""I live in London remember? English gourmet cooking is an oxymoron.""Oh come on, let me look at the menu. If they have pies and chips should be okay.""Greasy fish and soggy chips!""How about real Shepard's Pie? With lamb, not beef?""Eh.""Toad in the hole?""They have Toad in the hole??"Sold.I had Steak and ale pie with mash, and he dithered before settling on Toad in the hole, and had his eye on sticky toffee pudding for dessert. Then the plates came out. HUGE dinner plates. "Looks authentic,"He tasted the mash. I tasted the mash. We both declared it good. He cut into the sausage Yorkshire pud and put it in his mouth. I swear his eyes rolled back as he chewed. We exchanged bits of our dishes. We exclaimed over the taste and texture. We had too much to eat and couldn't order dessert.Then we waddled out to complete our errand and headed back to the strip to finish up set-up for the CES.Authentic British food, 'Murican portions and as good as it gets.
3	Review solely on their English's cream tea ($20 pp from 1030a-6p).Located near Blue Martini in the alleyway where Capriotti is, came in on a Sunday afternoon with a party of 3. Read prior reviews and wasn't expecting it to be as busy but it was. We were asked if he had reservations and because we didn't, we had to wait about 15-20 minutes. So just in case, I'd recommend making reservations especially on weekends. Crowd dies down around 3/330 so if you go in then, you should be alright. I opted for the green tea tropical which was served immediately with a side of honey, sugar, and cream. Our tiers came in not too long after with the 1st tier filled with sandwiches, second with a plain scone and chocolate chip scone, then third with chocolate cream puffs, banana bread, and lemon macarons. 2nd and 3rd tiers are unlimited and you'll be given a side of whipped cream and house made jam.As far as the tea sandwiches, the smoked salmon and cucumber sandwiches were pretty good but the egg, and what seemed to be an apple sandwich were meh. I'm not sure what was going on in that apple sandwich but it tasted like a weird combo and the egg sandwich tasted a lot like mayo. Scones were actually good. Not too dense. The whipped cream was perfect with the chocolate chip scone and the jam was perfect with the plain scone. Top tier of desserts were okay but nothing to really rave about. They'll provide a box for any leftovers you have if you'd like to take them home.As far as service goes, it was actually good! We were expecting it to not be so great from what others have said but our server did his job well. He came in every now and then to make sure we were okay without being overwhelming, filled out waters, and refilled our teas. Plus, everything came out in a timely manner. Overall, my first high tea experience in Vegas was not bad at all. And for $20, I think it's pretty worth it. Place is cute and it's very fitting for some time with your girlfriends.
