5	This spot used to be an aight Mexican joint, but it is now a SPECTACULAR Thai food restaurant.  Besides the decor being clean, simple, with soft thai music in the background to set the mood -since I can't eat the decor- the FOOD + SERVICE were friggin' amazing.  The staff was friendly, knowledgable and eager to lend a hand, but not overbearing.  The food... what can I say?  That was the ultimate cake topper.  We ordered the appetizer sampler -consisted of thai toast, egg rolls, chicken satay, fried wontons AND they swapped our the fish cake for tofu for me!- every morsel was delectable.  The appetizer also came out with 3 homemade sauces - a sweet and sour sauce, a hand-ground peanut sauce -a lot of places purchase or shortcut by using peanut butter ... so groSS- and a refreshing cucumber salad.  All three were mouth-watering and perfect.  For entrees we had the garlic shrimp + green curry, they were outstanding.  The thai tea was real brewed tea with coconut milk, NOT half and half.  This place does not skimp or shortcut on ingredients, I really respect and appreciate that.  I've been to Thailand almost every other year since I have relatives there and the food from E-San Sab-Sab was about as authenticate as you can get.  It was fragrant, the flavors were vibrant, it was exactly like being in Thailand.  They also have a lunch buffet Mon-Fri for $7.77 but I have to check that out, definitely a great way for someone to try/check out Thai cuisine if they aren't familiar with it.   Top notch food with service to match? 5 stars, baby.  If you're looking for authentic, delicious thai, this is my top recommendation in the Valley.
1	Does not accept credit or debit. Food is old and very chewy. Buffett sits in dark corner of room. Dont waste your money trust me. Very disappointing.The owner shoed us in and said help yourselves and walked back into the scary looking kitchen.The thai tea with cream was good though. The place looks like it has potential, but they definitely gave up!
5	Let me begin this review by clearing up the credit/debit issue mentioned by another reviewer. As soon we were seated, we were informed that the credit card machine was down due to interrupted phone service in the area. We were told that we were welcome to order, enjoy our meal, and come back to pay at our convenience. This gesture alone made us feel very welcome and we began anticipating a wonderful meal. We were not disappointed.We started off with the fresh egg rolls (spring rolls). The order came with not one, but two of the biggest rolls I have ever seen! They were stuffed with very fresh shrimp, cilantro, basil, and crispy veggies. Very authentic and very tasty. The dipping sauce was great, but made even better with the pepper mix that our waitress suggested.Next came the Tom Yum soup. Now, I tend to judge all new Thai restaurants by this soup so I get it on every first visit. If I am disappointed, then I move on and never look back. This soup was AHHHHMAZING!! We ordered it with a spice level of 3.5 on a 1-5 scale and it was nice and spicy! The complex flavors of spice and acidity of the lemongrass was brilliantly complimented by the richness of the broth and the ridiculously generous bounty of chicken, mushrooms, basil, green onions, ginger, and cilantro that make this dish such a favorite of mine. I am looking forward to trying the lunch buffet as soon as I am able. I will do my best to frequent this place as often as possible! It is in a tough location and I would hate to see a wonderful, local, friendly, and truly authentic Thai place like this disappear. Please do yourself (and me) a favor and come out and support this place! If you need more convincing, the owner was named one of the top 100 restaurants in the country for one of his previous endeavors (sorry that I can't remember which one). Seriously.....just go!!
2	Since this place is just six blocks uphill from my doorstep, I was guardedly optimistic at the prospect of a new Thai restaurant so close to home. As soon as the "Coming Soon" sign went up, my conscience told me to warn the guy that this location has been an amazing carousel of failed bar businesses over the years but my selfish, ingrained lust for some possibly good Thai nearby won out over a warning.   Rather unfortunately nestled against an aged Aamco transmission shop, the forced symbiosis works only in respect to additional (shared?) parking for the restaurant. Anyway,no one with a wrench ran me off.   Pete has doled out a pocketful of sheckels for new paint and coatings, outside and in, done up in Thai Royal colors. Check out the purple epoxy floor with embedded multi-hued glitter. Sounds tacky but I like it.   White linen tablecloths with fancy-fold cloth napkins up the ante a bit but some glaring oversights de-value the overall effect. Elegance conceived, but not quite realized; like waking just before the happy end of an excellent dream.    Make the effort to find the tiny, wildly inappropriate, but hilarious picture on the otherwise generic photo menu.   Entering through a tiny foyer, you come to a reverse J shaped bar that remains with the ghosts of tenants past, and is where I perch to place my order to go, with the dining room to the left. Sadly, the slippage in ambience starts right here.   Three visits have confirmed this area as the ubiquitous catch-all for the random junk so many Asian places feel are okay to display. At 5 P.M. on a Sunday, with two couples dining, this end of the bar was littered with a set of keys, a couple packs of Marlboro Lights, chewed ballpoint pens, battered reading glasses, and dirty, bussed dishes that ALMOST made it back to the kitchen, literally two steps away. Iced water served with a lime slice merely blunted the edge of the less than desirable impression. An uninspired portable buffet set against old wood wainscoting in the main room add nothing to the look.   Depending where you sit in the dining room, you can have either a pleasant, almost oasis-like view of an undevoloped natural hillside that feels like you're far out in the desert, OR you may look out the North facing windows at old asphalt and the harsh, grimy whiteness of A-A-mco. Dude-- How about a couple of window blinds here?Entree to go #1   Red Curry Duck w/ Pineapple   $12.95Humungeous amount of decent roast duck in a full quart container. (unusually good value) Canned pineapple. (this about sets the bar for all that follows.)Red Curry infused with (ruined by)  the most pungent and funky fish sauce I've had anywhere. "Authentic"?- no doubt, but nothing at all like the light, tasty version the Vietnamese do. Uh..fish sauce with duck. Really?Entree to go #2   Pad Thai Noodles   $9.95Humungeous amount of noodles sauced in a sweetened vinegar based thing reminiscent of German potato salad. Just okay. Sauce was skimpy which produced a giant clump.3 or 4 large butterfied shrimp. Great value.Many large pieces of boiled chicken breast. Absolutely white and seemingly impervious to the sauce. Needed serious home doctoring. Completely unincorporated in the dish and seemed to be tossed in as an afterthought. Totally weird.Green onion garnish tasted STRONGLY of refrigerator.Entree to go #3   Pork w/ Garlic Sauce   $9.95Serving size: 3/4 quart--sort of like ice cream that isn't a half gallon aymore; or did the cook just miss the ingredient mark by 25%?Mostly boiled pork in a truly insipid sauce of soy, water, garlic and oil. The pork (just like the naked chicken preceeding it) was so unrelentingly bland that I left it in the fridge for two days hoping it would absorb some flavor. Too bad all it soaked up was the sodium from the soy sauce. Now, instead of merely pale pork, I ended up with a pile of over salted pig meat in the lamest excuse for garlic sauce I've ever had.   I so wanted this to be a great place but the complete lack of even a basic knowledge of how to prepare decent ingredients into a cohesive and palatable dish has completely escaped this kitchen staff three times running, and on my dime.    Where are the vibrant, complex, and exciting flavors that well executed Thai food can deliver like no other?   And, speaking of "executed" I have a suggestion to Pete in regard to the cook...Really, Yelpers-- 4 and 5 star reviews? "Top 100" something or other?We CANNOT have been in the same place! I personally like Pete and wish him well, but his apparent philosophy of Quantity over Quality just doesn't make the food taste any better. And although I DO NOT prefer corporate enterprise,fuck it, I'm going to Pei Wei..
5	Finally made it to Pete's last night and found myself some very good Pad Thai.  The portions were huge and the food was fresh and delicious.  When the food is this good the service is not a great concern to me. However if the service is also good that is just added incentive.  The service was also very good.  Took maybe a tad long to get our food to the table but it was worth it.  Can't wait to go back and try a rice dish.
4	We decided to check out Pete's Thai today in celebration of my birthday week.  My wife and I have had our favorite thai restaurants in each of the cities we lived in (Tasty Thai in SLC, and Ee-sane in Milwaukee) and need to find our favorite for the next three years while we are in Phoenix.We had heard about this place and are fond of small business mom and pop type places.  We went safe with the Pad Thai, spring rolls and drunken noodles.  Prices were reasonable (better than other prices around town we've seen online).  Read the reviews about the large portions and wow!  The spring rolls were the biggest spring rolls I've ever seen, and the entree portions were hefty.First spring rolls-  lots of lettuce,cabbage in it.  No rice noodles in it like most vietnamese places, but shrimp was good and hefty portions.  Sauce was more hoisin with peanuts in it, instead of a mix of peanut butter and hoisin, but was still good.  Even my 2 year old liked it and he's not a big fan of veggies.  Second-  Drunken noodles-  Got it at 3/5 and it was a good spicy.  Not ridiculously hot so its unenjoyable but with a good burn.  Asked for some thai chilis in fish sauce and they gave me a whole bowl for myself. yummy!  Noodles were slightly overcooked, but overall, very tasty and not too salty like a lot of other places.Third-  Pad Thai-  My wife had this.  I didn't have it but there was enough to bring home so I'm sure I'll eat it tomorrow.  She got it at 2/5 and felt it was a good spicy.  Our 2 year old could eat it, but his lips starting turning a little red so we had to throw in some rice.  She said the flavors were well balanced, but the sauce was a little bit on the oily side and noodles were also slightly overcooked.Overall, the service was great, the waiter was really nice and excited to be there.  We were a little bummed that Pete, the owner, decided to talk to the table next to us but didn't come by and say hi to us.  There were only three tables of people there.  I felt like he could have made his rounds.We hope this place does well.  I'd be interested to check out the lunch buffet just to try the variety, but will most likely stick to their a la carte for dinners.
5	I have been here with my girlfriend several times over the last few months. The Tom Yum soup with chicken or seafood is consistently good and is always a good gauge of a Thai resteraunts authenticity.  The Curries are spot on and the staff is always incredibly friendly. Don't let the exterior fool you, this place is the real deal. If you're in the area, don't hesitate to visit this hidden gem!
3	The food was food but we waited nearly an hour for it. Papaya salad came last, basically after we were done eating. Large, colorful portions compensate for the high prices.If you have small children,  beware the toxic houseplants on the tables!
3	The menu looks really good but I only had the the lunch buffet . Maybe 16 pans of hot food and one soup  6 were curry dishes and two were rices.... I didn't care for the spicy basil chicken because it was a ground meat dish was like boiled and just thrown in the vegetables and sauce but the other dishes with meat had very big large pieces that were decent .  Some dishes  but not all did display a good spicy heat but were short of vegetables such as green curry with just protein and bamboo shoots and was heavy with moist chicken but was oily.They are northern Thai Style and most places are southern Thai Style so they are a little different. Service was like a first time place...(not the best maybe an off day) . They will quickly improve. so be cool, give them a try and see what you think.....2-3 stars for the lunch buffet.
4	= = = = = = THIS REVIEW IS FOR PETE'S THAI BUFFET! = = = = = =Pete's here serves a regular menu, but friend Alexander C. turned me on to the fact that they are also currently serving a Lunch Buffet every day except Saturday, so I whipped in here today to give it a try, joined by Arlin B. & Robyn N.Like Princess Mediterranean in Tempe, they don't run on a strict time schedule here, so it's a good idea to round off the 11:30 opening time to 12 or 12:30 to give them time to have all the food out.  Once it is, you're going to love it!  We came right at opening time today, & the selection eventually worked it's way up to 17 main food items.I really enjoyed the taste of most of the dishes offered, & it's inexpensive too!  If you like something out of the ordinary now & then, come give this interesting restaurant a try!     :-))Lunch Buffet $7.11 (The "$7.77" advertised included the tax), & BYOB ok.
4	I met some friends, Robyn N. and Rand H., here today to try their lunch buffet which is served during the week and on Sundays I believe.  It was a slow start to our culinary dinning experience at Pete's Thai Cuisine which started off as a 2 star experience waiting for them to open late and their kitchen was behind in getting everything out.  They slowly gained momentum as they brought out more food and our experience went from 2 stars to almost 5 stars! Restaurant~ please don't judge this place by the curb side appeal!  It's dinner dive that's connected to a auto shop on the southwest corner of Thunderbird and Cave Creek.  The inside is nicely decorated, very clean and inviting.  They have chosen a nice pallet of colors for the walls and they even have stenciled painting on the floors.  (glitter alert for those glitter fobes out there!) just kidding :^)  It's a nice experience inside this place.Service~ very limited staff which is expected in a small dinner like this, but they are very friendly.  Food~ the soup was one of the items late to get out of the kitchen, but it was worth the wait! We had Coconut Soup with Chicken, coconut milk with fresh herbs, spices and mushrooms.  It was fantastic! Their Pad Thai was pretty good and seemed to be one of the favorites from other dinning at the same time as us.  It was put out and gone quickly!    Their Stir-Fried Big Fresh Rice Noodle with Chicken & Egg was something I've not had before.  They had both Red and Green curry dishes with  coconut milk, bamboo shoots, green beans, Thai eggplant,  Thai herbs with chicken and/or tofu. They also had Spicy Muscles and Spicy Squid dishes as well.  Most everything tasted 4-5 stars!Recommendation~ go later than 11:30am, say 12-12:30pm to give them time to get everything out.  They are very good and very inexpensive at less than $8/person, so bring some friends and have a very good and filling Thai lunch!  I hope to see you there.
5	4 stars for ambiance and decor.  (you would never have guessed this from the store front.5 stars for food. Some Thai restaurants load up on sugar and chilli. Pete's doesn't and portion sizes are more than generous.5 stars for value. (this would be a 6 if possible)5 stars for service. Robert is very friendly and has good recommendations.ROA - ratio of authenticity (#ethnic patrons/#total patrons) = 40%. This is after three separate visits. Won't be disappointed.  Diamond in the Rough.
3	just had pete's for first time. My wife and I eat at a lot of Thai restaurants and have a good background with the food. First of all, the portion sizes ar very generous...that's a big plus in my book. The pad thai and satay were decent, but I've had better satay. We also ordered a yellow curry, my favourite Thai dish. This is where Pete's got it wrong. It was terrible, not even close to a yellow curry and closer to a green one (and wouldn't have been a good one of those either). It's too bad as it wasn't a bad place, but we won't return as Touch of Thai and Thai House are far superior.
5	This is the eight time the wife and I have been there and, we brought her Mother and Father.  We had three types of curry dishes with duck, tofu, and vegetables.  Also, I had my favorite Pad-Thai noodles.  Robert and Pete recommended specific spices for each of our dishes and, it was perfect, to say the least.  Pete and the crew are a great addition to our Mountain neighborhood and coming here for food is one of my favorite new things!  Thank you Pete, Robert, and the rest of the Thai Crew, for another wonderful experience.
5	THIS IS FOR THE LUNCH BUFFET: The price currently is $9.99 for weekday lunch buffet (they are closed on Mondays), and Sunday, it is $10.99.  Worth every penny!Lunch Buffet goes to 3:30/pm - a plus if you are doing other things, and finally find some time to eat!!  LOL!!I enjoy a bowl of soup prior to eating, and their soup (chicken, vegetables) is very spicy, but I like it.  My husband likes the coconut soup.They have some wonderful offerings, curry, yellow, and green..  steamed veggies, some seafood entree, jasmine rice, fried rice, pad thai (delicious).I guarantee you won't leave hungry.  We just drink water with our meal, and there are no desserts offered up at present.  I think that Pete's (E-san Sab Sab) is trying to find its niche.I have to end this by saying that we were huge fans of the lunch buffet at Pink Pepper (4th St./Bell), and then it got bought out by Tara Thai, and they apparently forgot to pay their rent, so it is totally closed.   We were missing our Thai lunch buffet, but have found it again, thanks to Pete's. (E-san Sab Sab Thai Cuisine)The only thing that I would like to say is:  please turn off those videos, and play some classical music - I think that would add a lot to the ambiance.
5	Absolutely the best Thai food ever!! Yellow curry, pineapple fried rice, spicy basil noodles... Oh my!!! This is last meal on earth amazing!! The service was excellent! Food authentic! Flavors were out of this world. Can't wait for leftovers tomorrow!
5	Loved the food. Tasted authentic and fresh. This place must be recently opened since we used to live nearby until 2009 and never found such a good choice that close. We are vegetarians, and this is our first time here and got the food to go, but will certainly try the buffet next time. Good quality food at a reasonable price. We have tried Thai food in restaurants all over the US and England. Would like to visit Thailand sometime mainly for their Cuisine!
4	If there was one thing I could come back here for it would be the Issan Sausage. Served as meal in itself you get a plate full of bright tasting porky goodness that's so good it's hard to deny its awesomeness. Along side is enough onion to gag your date. So if you plan on getting some later, skip the onion.
4	When I read the great reviews of my yelp buffet lunch group for this place (yes, this review is for the lunch buffet), I knew I had to come here; and I'm glad I did. The restaurant is bigger than it looks from the outside, and inside it is clean and the service is very friendly. The buffet items were all good - several types of curries, two kinds of pad thai, rice and noodle dishes - including my favorite, beanthread noodles. Chicken and tofu are the predominant proteins in the buffet, but there's also a beef curry for those who must have their bovine fix. Also, there were a number of tasty vegetarian options. The heat level of spicy dishes was low to moderate, though there is a condiment area with sauces and peppers that will allow you to crank your food's heat level up to thermonuclear, if you so desire. All this really good food for just $8.88 plus tax.  The lunch buffet here is definitely one of the best dining deals in the city.
3	= = = = = = UPDATE FOR PETE'S LUNCH BUFFET! = = = = = =Stopped back in here today for the Buffet, this time accompanied by Mike C., Robyn N., & Arlin B.  The 18 dishes out this time included two soups & were interesting, delicious, & the low price is still the same.  In fact, everything in my original reply below still applies, except that this time we made it a point delay our arrival until noon, to give them time to have everything out, which it was.Pete's slips one Star to three this time because a number of the dishes were somewhat the same as each other, & when you have this few they should vary a lot.  Pink Pepper Thai Buffet in Mesa, for example, puts 31 delicious food items with lots of variety between them, making for a more special dining experience.  With that said, Pete's here is good, & a nice change now & then from the great Carolina's Mexican around the corner.     :-)Lunch Buffet $7.11
4	_..~~``''  F YOUR I ''``~~.._ not sure if permanent or temporary, but paper sign on door says CLOSED MONDAY I like Pete's thai boofay for lunch. The food was very good, and it was a reasonable price.  There were a lot more selections than I thought they could possibly fit in the two buffet tables. If you're a poor decision maker it may be overwhelming in a good way.   Even if you're a cautious newcomer to thai food saying "I'll stick to lean meat with veggies in a simple tasty sauce" you still have at least a half doozen choices. The only thing I wish were available were more fresh/cold veggies or salad fixins. 2 kinds of hot soup and plenty of tofu options were available.Service was very friendly when they were paying attention, but seemed to only come by the table when i was back up to the buffet, thereby avoiding interaction. Although I cannot say it was on purpose, it just left me feeling rather unattended to at times, even if the drink got refilled and the dirty plate disappeared. No biggie.I like Pete's thai boofay for lunch. The food was very good, and it was a reasonable and very lucky feeling price at $7.77Everything was clean and neat inside.  Place looks weird outside, sure, but so what.  If we judged a book by its cover, how well would YOU fare, huh?
3	I had lunch here with fellow yelpers Robyn N.,Arlin B. and Rand H. Well to start I love Thai food and and with all the hype this place was getting I was eager to go there. But I must have caught them on a bad day because I can only give them 3 stars at best and I was considering only two. The food was ok only and some of it I did not like at all.Joanne's kitchen is way better than here so next time I want Thai I will just go there.
5	My girlfriend and I stop into Pete's close to once a week as we cannot get enough of it.  We usually start off with either one of the egg rolls (I like the fried ones and she likes the fresh ones).  We always get a soup, we've tried them all, but like the coconut soup the best and have strictly ordered that the last few times.  For main courses, she always orders the Pad Thai, usually with chicken and shrimp, I rotate between the spicy noodles with basil, rad-nah, and the big fresh noodles.The food is the reason we constantly come back, but like other Yelpers have stated, the service is pretty bad.  Robert, while we like him, seems to get lost, even though there are only 8-10 tables.  When Pu was there, it wasn't as bad and while they hired another waitress, she only works a few nights.  We have gotten used to the service though and know we need to get there an hour or so before we want to eat and we ask for a pitcher of water at our table.I have been there for the buffet once, the price is very good and it can be a good introduction or expansion of your thai tastes.  I had never tried the different varieties of curry and this give me that opportunity.  Overall, the buffet is certainly worth trying out.As for the heat levels, Robert is very good at explaining that Pete runs about 1 level hotter than other thai places.  While this is good, the heat levels vary from day to day.  I always order a 4; my girlfriend orders a 1 or 0.  There have been some instances where my 4 has had little to no heat and there have been instances where I ended up sweating, same with my girlfriend.  In fact, there was even a time where I tried her 1 and thought it was more in the range of a 4.  Keep in mind, if it is not spicy enough, there is a chili bar and you can add some prik nam pla for that added kick.Overall, of the 15-20 times we've eaten here, we've only walked away disappointed once, which happened to be a few days ago.  We took our close friend there for dinner, ordered the coconut soup, he ordered the spicy noodles with basil and steak at a 4, my girlfriend ordered the pad-thai with tofu and shrimp at a 1, and I ordered the big fresh noodles with chicken at a 4.  The soup was amazing as usual, however, the dinners came out a little wonky.  His dish was fine, but my girlfriends dish came out with chicken and shrimp instead of tofu and my dish came out with the tofu instead of chicken.  We sent them back and got new dishes fairly quickly, however, these ones came out at 0s.  To the chili bar, we went and added some spice, then all was fine.  This one incident won't hurt our decision to return though, since, we hadn't experience problems the other times.
5	Let me start off by saying how gorgeous this place is inside.  It's decorated in authentic Thai fashion.  Not that I've ever been to Thailand however I asked our server about the floors, the wall color, the wall art and he was able to explain in great detail the meaning behind each item and how it all came from Thailand.  I could tell that he put a lot of thought into the metallic gold walls and stenciled concrete floor by the passion in his voice.I had a few questions on the menu and he graciously answered them all, steering me towards the best choice for my wimpy spice tolerance.  Their dishes run spicier than other places for sure!My friend and I ordered fresh spring rolls as an appetizer.  These were seriously the best I've ever tasted.  I could see each and every item inside.  The rolls are huge, they could be a meal in themselves.  Upon first bite the flavor of mint exploded in my mouth.  With each further bite another layer of flavor unfolded, fennel, broccoli, basil.  I didn't even use much dipping sauce because the rolls themselves were so flavorful.My green curry was delicious.  Spicy but I could handle it.  The portion was huge and needless to say I am enjoying leftovers for breakfast this morning.  When packing up our leftovers, the server gave me a brand new portion of rice to take home.  How outstanding and service oriented!I'm excited that Pete's is so close to my home.  I'll be eating their frequently or at least dropping in for some Thai Iced Tea.  Next time I am definitely getting the Sticky Rice with Mango.If you live in a 20 mile radius of this place, you must check it out or even in you live further!  That goes for you downtown hipsters too!  Show some love to North Phoenix and delight your taste buds at the same time.
4	Amazing, the food that is. They have a fab lunch buffet with many popular choices. All dishes are made fresh which is nice. They are able to make special dishes upon request as well. The chef's are from Thailand so if you like authentic Thai - you will enjoy the food.They do not offer adult beverages however; if you bring in a bottle they will be happy to serve it to you without charging a corking fee.Not amazing: The service is something to be desired. They only have one person to help customers and he isn't the most attentive waiter so if you want a free drink refill you may have to track him down.   One odd item to note the last four times we have been in there for lunch we have been unable to locate napkins. However, they do offer cloth napkins for dinner service.They prefer not to split the tab so be sure to let them know upfront if you require separate checks.
4	My husband spied Pete's one day driving along Cave Creek and suggested we give it a try.  We both love thai food so it was certainly worth a whirl.  After we both had an exhausting day at work and there was "nothing in the house to eat" we decided to head out for dinner and give Pete's a try.  The only regret I have is that we didn't stop in sooner!The interior is much nicer than I expected.  It is larger than it seems and very tastefully decorated.  Our server was so friendly and helpful with menu suggestions.  He informed us that their spiciness levels were a bit higher than most other restaurants - a tip that was much appreciated.  We ordered the tofu satay to start, which consisted of huge pieces of tofu on skewers and delicious coconut peanut sauce (not the normal sauce from a bottle you get in most restaurants either).  The hubs got massaman curry with tofu - his standard measurement for new thai restaurants. - which he thoroughly enjoyed.  And I ordered the pad see yew with tofu - so delish.  The portions are generous and all of the ingredients were fresh and delicious.  Both the hubs and I were impressed with the amount of fresh cooked tofu (not to mention the huge pieces_ in each of our dishes - most places tend to skimp on that.  I felt like Bill Murray in "What About Bob?" the entire meal.  All I could seem to say was "mmm!" "yummm!" "this is so good!"  The ingredients were so fresh and the flavors were wonderful.  I would enthusiastically recommend this place to any Thai food lovers out there.  And as others have said, its worth the drive even if you don't live near by.  This is my favorite Thai place that I have been to in the city.  The hubs and I will definitely be back!
4	Love it!!!!
4	Passed this every day for a while before venturing in - based on the outside I expected to spend the night hovering over my toilet.  Couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised.  The decor is unique and delightful and the food and service are great.  byob.  Have been twice, will be going back again and again.  Let the server order for you.
4	I really enjoyed my lunch here. I think it was my favorite Thai so far. That being said I am not a huge fan, so do not blast me if you hate it. The food was fresh, good flavor and the price was good. I did not like the small "glass" of soda.. it is a buffet... load me up with soda man!The chicken noodle soup was awesome.
1	I noticed this new Thai place so i was excited to try it out for dinner tonight.I placed an order around 8pm for pick up on the way home from work and the guy that took the order on the phone said pickup orders were taking about 25 minutes.  I showed up at 8:30pm and sat at the bar waiting. He did not let me know it was going to take  longer than he thought or offer me a beverage in the beginning.  Only after i had been sitting and waiting for an additional 25 minutes he offered me ice water.  My order finally came out and I was out the door at 9:05pm and super hungry. I got home and no napkins, no plastic utensils, no to go menu in the bag.I had ordered both dishes 3 out of 5 spicy and the owner on the phone told me that their place was one level spicier than other Thai places.  Well guess what?  it's not and the pineapple fried rice i ordered had no spices whatsoever on it.  It was completely bland.  I called the restaurant to tell him that they messed up the order and didn't' put in any spices whatsoever. The guy replied "i don't know what to tell you, you should have taken some hot sauce".  Excuse me??? you are going to blame your screw up on me?  He did not apologize or even give me an excuse that they were so busy or say well i hope you will try us again or anything like that.   He just hung up on me.  Are you kidding?  This is not good service.  OK newsflash...the food here isn't even that great to make up for the awful service.   Because of my work schedule I tend to eat out pretty often so i work long hours and work too hard for my money to be treated like crap by a restaurant.
5	I eat here at least two times a week. The Thai currys here are outstanding. I try and find a place with curry like this when I'm out of town or in Tempe and always get dissapointed. Pete is Thai and a really cool guy he always gives me smiles from the kitchen when he sees me. From what I hear he's won new times best of Phoenix 4 times for his other restaurants he's had in the valley over the years. When you eat here just have the waiter leave you a pitcher of water on the table. You'll thank me for that one. Certain foods are spicy, i love it tho. Watch out for the green curry and those little Thai peppers floating around in dishes, Capsaicin will ruin your day here if you are weak and don't pay attention... Anyway if you do eat something spicy don't be a little girl about it, it's usually gone within a couple minutes you're not going to die. Or get a Thai ice tea, it has cream in it and kills the heat fast. Yummy too!  With that said half of the things here have no spiciness to them at all, they have a pretty good mix. Good things for vegetarians too.
4	This is an odd location for amazing thai food. If you don't like it too hot stick with a 1 or maybe a 2 on the hot scale. 3 to 5 might kill you!
3	1st visit was for menu ordered meal. Very good, nice potions, but no spice despite asking for a level 5 heat (their highest.) 2nd visit came for buffet, but still not ready at 12 o'clock even though they open at 1130. Had to leave to get back to work. 3rd visit buffet time again. This time ready (2PM) and food was ok.Pro: Fresh made menu order items are good.Cons: Buffet times are arbitrary (see other reviews), no napkins, no bowls for soup.
5	I tried this place on a Sunday and was told they had a great Thai buffet for lunch so since I'm always up for a good buffet which is hard to find a good clean one in this town. We were greeted by Pete the owner and he sat us at one of the nice big tables..was nice having the tables really spaced apart nicely.  This place was spotless and had a nice bright atmosphere.  The buffet has about 12 items and it was awesome..we couldn't stop going back for more, curry chicken, pad Thai, and many other Thai specialties were there and even the amazing coconut milk soup with chicken and lemongrass. The best part was the 7.77 dollar price.. I think it's gone up a dollar since but still an amazing value.. Even if it went up a few more bucks it would still totally be worth it.
4	I was craving some pad thai and I wanted to find a spot closer to my house. So I hit up yelp and ding ding, I found this little gem thanks to my fabulous yelpers.  I drove on over and ordered a pad thai, thai hot and specifically asked for the spice level to be a 10 as I like it very, very hot. The guy that took my ordered told me that he was just like me,  the hotter the better. While awaiting my order, I looked around and it is an nice little place. I may have to come back and check out the buffet sometime but I can tell that it probably gets packed in here fast as it is small but quaint.So about 15 mins later, my order is up and the gentleman at the bar told me how Pete roast his own cashews and peanuts, as well as makes all his own sauces from scratch. He says just in case your pad thai is not spicy enough, here are a few sauces for you to try. I was in spice heaven.  I get home and get situated so that I can dig in. OMG it was a great, great portion. I have enough leftovers for today and probably tomorrow that is how great of a portion it was. The pad thai was excellent, but the spice level was maybe a 6 at best. I was slightly bummed but then I did have the extra spice sauces just in case so all was not lost. I will be back again as I am happy to have find a spot closer to me that is actually good. Lord knows I love me some Thai food!
2	Just ok. Fish cakes were just a bit too dark! Like it was cooked in dirty oil. I wish they were better, it would have had me coming back.  The pork toast was just not good. Fried pork ribs in garlic sauce were quite good, but should have been tossed in the garlic and herbs not just poured on on top, not great coverage. Laarb was pretty good.  Pad Thai was good, but the noodles were too gummy/starchy. Loved the mango sticky rice. Like that you can BYOB. Service is very friendly, nice a plus for sure.  Kitchen is a little slow getting out the food even when it's not busy. We witnessed a couple of ladies walk out because their food took so long. 5 min later, their food came out and sat on the table!  We told them they left!  Sadly I probably won't come back. Too many other options. Sorry!
5	This is awesome Thai food. Never been to the buffet so I can't speak to that. This is not a restaurant to visit if you're in a hurry. The food is worth the wait, however. Tonight our favorite waiter (Robert?) was not there. That was unfortunate because I've never met a waiter who is more knowledgeable about his restaurant's menu. In his absence the service was horrible, but the food was still incredible. I think this restaurant is more suited for the hardcore, patient yet knowledgeable Thai food afficiaandos but anyone who appreciates Thai food will love this place.
2	The food is 5 star quality, too bad the service is lousy and is represented by a waiter with a lousy attitude. I was set to make this my go to place for great Thai food, but due to the horrible service I cant see myself going back. Having to wait 10 min for your beverage and an additional 15 min for a check is simply not acceptable even if the food is stellar. Great food and poor service dont go well together.
5	HOLY COW!!!  I never had thai food before, but I will definitely have many future dinners at Pete's Thai Cuisine.  I loved it.  The people were super nice and one of them was telling us a hilarious story about his recent birthday antics in vegas.  He made us feel completely comfortable.  The portion sizes were humongous, so it's probably a good idea to split something.  I got the Chow-mein thai style noodles with beef.  Amazing!!!  They ask you how spicy you want it on a scale of 1-5 ("1" being not spicy and "5" being OMG spicy).I recommend not going any higher than "3" on the spice and I'm a huge lover of spicy food.  If you're looking for a great thai cuisine experience, you have to go to Pete's.
5	WOW!  We just happened to spot this place on our way to another Thai restaurant that was much farther away.  We thought we would just go in to check it out.  We were greeted by the most charming waiter/host!  He told us a little about the place and said there was a buffet option for lunch.  Usually I am turned off by buffets, but when we went over to look at the food, you could just tell it was so fresh.  AM I SO GLAD we stayed!!!  The food was to die for, so super fresh and tasty!  And by far, this is the best lunch buffet I have ever had.  The prices were reasonable for the quality of food.  We will be back, I could have gone back that night for dinner-YUM!
5	Easily the best Thai Food in Phoenix, and while the interior may look a little shabby and the service is a little off, the food is beyond good.  We started with the Angel Wings, Pete makes them from scratch, they are unbelievable and by themselves enough to bring you back.  We had the fresh rolls, stuffed with fresh vegetables, mint and giant shrimp, that come with several home made sauces.  Pad Thai, and Red Curry Vegetables were excellent.  BYOB place, they bring you a cold bucket to put your refreshements in and nice cold glasses.  Everything is hand made here, not the ridiculously bad commesary food you get at most places, or processed foods you get from some frozen food place in Chicago.  A true Thai chef, beyond great food and really one of the best dining experiences I have had in years here in Phoenix.  Don't let the decor, or the small and shabby looking exterior lead you away from one of the great dining meals in town.  We will be going back, with friends.
4	Good spicy Thai food buffet
5	WOW! This is as good as it gets! The real deal Thai food in Phoenix!Everything is made fresh when ordered and delicious. Plan ahead, give yourself some time to get ordered and served since this is not a fast food Thai restaurant. This is an amazing eating experience, it borderlines a religious experience and it should not be rushed. If you are a true Thai  connoisseur, this is your place.
3	I know this place is a keeper.  And Pete works his tail off on the day I happen to visit.  Seems a few employees called in sick, & my dining companion, who has been here before, comments it looks busier than he has ever seen the place.What isn't depleted from the buffet line is, indeed, not terribly fresh and attractive looking, but tasty as can be.  Just wish we would hava arrived at 11am not 1pm...and why do I refill my own iced tea?  Again, not giving up on ya, Pete, will be back and hoping my timing is better!
4	I was driving down Cave Creek Road last week and happened to catch a sign for Thai food as I passed. I was on my way to meet a client so I didn't have time to stop and check it out but a few days later I did a Google search for "Thai Restaurant Phoenix Cave Creek" and Pete's E San Thai Cuisine came up. This had to be the place. We arrived at the restaurant about 6:00 pm on a Saturday and the parking lot was empty. Slightly hesitant, we ventured in. The decor was great and is a mix of Thai ornamental meets modern city loft. The bartender/barback immediately came to greet us and was super friendly. He told us it was BYOB and there was a QT around the corner if we needed to get wine or beer for our meal. We thanked him and pulled back into the parking lot about 15 minutes later. When we came back to the restaurant, there were now 3 groups of people in the previously empty restaurant and we were greeted by Robert, our waiter for the evening. Robert obviously knew several of the diners and as we were seated, more groups came into the restaurant, even saying "Hi Robert!" across the room. To say that Robert was friendly and accommodating would be an understatement. He made us feel completely welcome and explained where the chef was from, the style of cuisine we would be eating and a bit of history about the restaurant. We inquired about the Thai spring rolls and we were informed that they were out. He also explained that everything on the menu is made to order, with local ingredients and always from scratch. Robert suggested that we try the "Thai Toast", which we were a bit skeptical about but after he explained that it is a traditional crispy fried pork delicacy with panko breading, we decided to go for it. We also ordered yellow curry and pad thai. The Thai Toast was fantastic, better than I had expected and it came with a great little cucumber salad. Be sure to ask for the sweet and sour sauce as well. We ate half of the Thai Toast and realized that we hadn't saved much room for our entrees. When our meals arrived, they were flavorful, spicy and nothing you would expect from a little unassuming place on the corner of Cactus and Cave Creek Road. Pete's Thai has an inexpensive buffet at lunch and is priced moderately when compared to other Asian/Pan Asian restaurants. I'd give the flavor 4.5 stars and the service a 10! We are looking forward to our next visit!
5	Best Thai in the valley.  Also best lunch buffet.  Daily except on Saturdays.  A must try place.  I frequent this place more than any other restaurant.  It is also very close to where I live.  Pete is one the nicest people you can know.  I would eat here several times a week but cooking is a hobby of mine!  If you can't make up your mind, ask.  They always give expert advice.
1	These restaurants are always tricky. Key words "Esan" "Sab-Sab" So, I'm lovin' the idea with a full understanding that i'm probably in store for the passion of North East Thailand/Loas food with beautiful service. What we got was a 1 hour wait with very slow service and lack of enthusiasm with only 4 tables full in the restaurant. The food was atrocious! Ordered above the so called scale of 5 spice level and received no spice. Sticky Rice was microwaved, the scallops in the salad was frozen, the larb had no flavor and appeared to be simply decorative only and we had a hair in our water. They also do not like to split credit card bills even for over a $100. Apparently the credit card fee charge is a bit too much for them to accept. These type of restaurants make the usual same mistake most Thai restaurants make in Arizona - Americanized overpriced Thai food! which explains the ridiculous 4 and 5 star ratings. The only Esan thing about this restaurant was the music! Zero passion and Zero energy!Also, I little FYI to help out with your service is to clean up the folded laundry you have piled up next to the front entrance door as this is the first thing you see when you walk in. I have no idea what all of this collection of stuff is laying and piled up next to the door. You also need to show some initiative and fill your bathroom towels and toilet paper instead of just leaving the rolls lay on top of the dispensers and rails. This is just pure lazy! Note to Pete and staff - Changes must be made in order for this to succeed!
5	This place has some of the best Thai food I have ever eaten!  The service was amazing!  I did not like some of the vegetables in the dishes I ordered so the dishes were made with exactly the vegetables I wanted.  They do not serve alcohol but you can bring your own beer or wine.  I would highly recommend this place!
2	We were trying to go to this place for a long time, and when we finally made it there for dinner they had the buffet set up... they said they don't usually do buffet for dinner, but they had it that day... My husband decided to go for it, and I was hesitant, as some of the dishes looked very similar (I agree with Rand H's review), the names were mismatched and one other dish was almost empty and another one had a little bit but looked all dry as if it has been there for a long time. I noticed there where 2 empty soup warmers & asked if there were going to have soup for the buffet and our server said yes. I love the coconut soup and it is what I order every time I go to a Thai place, so I asked if they were going to have the coconut soup and she said yes. So, that settled it an I decided for the buffet. I always start my meal with soup, so I waited a little bit an no soup to be seen. Oh well, I started eating, asking for coconut soup each time our server came nearby. 'It will be out in a little bit', she said every time. 'Pete is working on it'...I tried some of the dishes (the ones that looked fresh) and as I mentioned, not only looked very similar, but the taste was almost the same to me as well... (May I say I am not a big Thai food expert, so other people may notice the difference)I think they had at least 6 that looked the same, the only difference I noticed is that one had peanuts, and other one was vegetarian (tofu).Long story short we ate, and then they brought out a soup that turned out to be lemongrass soup, I had some and liked it, but still waiting for my coconut soup... we finished our meals... we waited, and waited... and nothing.I call the waitress one more time and she says the soup is almost ready, and she will let me know when it is out.We waited a little longer, and finally gave up. I started to try to get her attention to ask for our check, but we didn't succeed and we had to go to the counter to ask for it. As we were waiting for it, it seems the coconut soup came out, but we were late for an appointment and...  honestly, if they have an awesome coconut soup, I rather not know... I won't go back to a place that disrespected me so much as a customer... **Also, the back of our chairs was just a metal frame and it was very uncomfortable : (
5	UM BYOB! This is great! bring a favorite drink and have amazing thai food! pad see saw (SP) is amazing! they work hard on preparing their food and giving great service!
1	They were just featured today on channel 5's dirty dining. Six major violations. What a bummer, I really like this place, but 6 major violations?
5	After so many great buffet lunches here, I finally decided to come for regular dinner. Pete has changed the name of the restaurant to Esan Sab Sab Thai Cuisine and made some decorative changes to the place, and it's all good. The pad thai I had for dinner was superb - the best I've had in the Valley. My dining companions were equally pleased with their orders and told me they were glad I introduced them to this place, as they now have a new favored dining destination.
3	= = = = = =  THIS UPDATE IS FOR THE (ALMOST) DAILY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =Just a quick Update to point out that with the business name having been changed (sort of), Pete DOES still serve the Lunch Buffet, scheduled as follows:*  Sunday:  Buffet more expensive than Tuesday through Friday.  Number of dishes offered about the same as weekdays, but fancier foods.*  Monday:  Restaurant closed.*  Tuesday through Friday:  Weekday Lunch Buffet.     :-)*  Saturday:  Restaurant open but Lunch Buffet not served.Good place here; try it!     :-)
5	All kinds of delicious goodness here. Love Pete's!  Best Tom-Kha soup!  The flavor is unbelievable, spicy (we got a 3), but with the perfect blend of herbs and meat so it's well balanced..   Pad Thai is also good, but I always go back to the Chicken Pad-See-Yew, the spice sneaks up on you..(again a 3).  But it's so good I had to keep getting more.  I can't even stop eating it when I'm full.  It's BYOB, and is the perfect restaurant to get together with friends.
5	Ordered off the dinner menu, it was spicy and flavorful. Big portions and friendly service. BYOB so don't forget your wine.
1	Yesterday I went to Pete's for the lunch buffet at around 12:45. Pete's is one of two Thai restaurants near my home, and it happened to be on the route home I was taking, so I chose to eat there. I was greeted by the single server working, who was later indicated to be the owner.  There were about five tables occupied, mostly with two or three patrons, but one large table seating five or six people.  He sat me at a table, and I went to the buffet line to get some coconut chicken soup.  I noticed that the napkin bin was empty, so I made the server aware of it.   When I returned to my table, there was a glass of water waiting at my table. The soup was quite tasty.  I finished my soup, and went to make myself a plate, came back and began to eat.  The food was good, but nothing fantastic.  As I was eating, the attendant refilled my water, mostly with ice, and that was the last "service" I received from him. Until it was time to pay my bill.I waited a bit at my table, but decided to go to the counter to have my tab drawn up and pay it. The tab came to nearly $11.00 with tax, and I decided to pay with my debit card.  I signed the voucher, not noticing the tip and total lines at that time as I was in a hurry and inattentive to it.  The server handed it back to me, and asked me to please fill in the tip and total lines in a rather insistent tone.  Since I really  had received virtually no service, I hadn't even been asked whether I wanted anything to drink other than water, and his petulant manner, I decided not to include a tip.  He pointed this out to me, and said that the people here depended on tips to make their living.  I replied that I understood that, but my service had been poor.  He then told me to leave, and don't come back.  Wow.  I told him that I had been there a few times before, and I always tipped, but today I didn't feel a tip was warranted. I explained why as described above. He said that he knew I'd been there before, and that I never tipped because others had told him so, and that he went over all the credit/debit vouchers personally and remembered me. I was astonished. So now he was calling my a liar.  At best, this was man truly over his head, and not control of either his faculties, nor his business.  At its worst, this was an invasion of my honor, not to mention my privacy.So, for the record, I will not be returning to Pete's anymore, and I wholeheartedly recommend that you do not patronize this establishment either.  There is no excuse for this sort of behavior at a service establishment.
4	We had a wonderful experience here. We frequently eat at Thai restaurants, and this is one of the best. Our dishes were very fresh and well seasoned.  The service was excellent, and meals were reasonably priced. We will come back again soon.
5	If I could give 10 stars I would. The food is authentic and the services is friendly. Two words of advice, and they told us this when I called ahead of time:1. The food is slow so maybe eat a little something before you go or don't arrive starving. We waited about 45 minutes for our appetizer and another 45 for the main course.2. BYOB beer and wine! YEAH!!!! Order everything at once. Remember, Thai spice 1 is 1 Thai chili on your dish, 2 is two chili's, 3 is three chili's, they'll go as high as you want. We have a high threshold for spicy food but were crying like newborns with #4 and #5 Thai spicy. It was great.Also, if you don't see a flavor or something on the menu you might like, ask! They are very accomodating. Enjoy!
5	Dude! This place is the BOMB.COM!!! This place was my very first introduction to Thai food and I'm hooked ever since then!! Look, if you do not try that Coconut milk soup, you are just dumb, okay you are not dumb, but you are really missing out!!  I've only been there on Sundays because they have a buffet ( single mom has to save ok?) It is amazing, the curry, the fried rice, the beef; just try everything please. The prices are so affordable and the service is awesome. The pretty Thai girl (hostess and cashier) is so very very very nice!! (and smart, she is getting a double major from ASU in Engineering and some other stuff that I can't even pronounce but I didn't want to ask again and boys!! She is SINGLE!! LOL) Oh and do not forget to get the Thai tea, soooo good!! I am a regular of this place  =)
1	Do Not Waste your Time or Money at this place. Go to Sala Thai, instead. My boyfriend and I went on a Wednesday night around 7:45. It was our first time trying the place. There were four other tables, three four tops and one two top.  We ordered three things: an app, a salad and an entree. We waited for forty minutes, before my boyfriend went to approach our server and ask how much longer our food would take. She went to the expo window and politely asked the chef owner. I could not clearly hear his side of the conversation, but I heard the server apologize several times. She came to our table and informed us that he would START cooking our food after another table's order and that it would be at least another 15 minutes. She further informed us that our order was large and that 'sometimes Pete doesn't have help in the kitchen', so we should call ahead and ask about that to gauge how long our food would take next time. My boyfriend and I cancelled our order. I paid for my thai tea, still leaving a tip to the serve. I explaininedto her that I appreciate her kindness, but that she should better inform her guests about how long food will take, if nothing has been served for 40 minutes. My boyfriend and I have 25 years of combined restaurant experience. I have never cancelled an order or heard such BS from a server about the chef owner's take on how to run a restaurant.  His food may be good, but nothing could make me try this place again, even if they paid me. That building has already been the sight for other businesses and I look forward to it closing down and becoming something else.
1	Was not open when I went today (Tuesday at 12). Lights were off and nobody answered the phone or were visible in the window. The interior decor does look charming :(
4	Nothing fancy as far as atmosphere. Clean and open. But the food is amazing. Fantastic lunch buffet with many different choices. This is one of the few buffets I've ever been to that actually puts a decent amount of meat in their dishes. Could be considered a bit on the pricey side, but for the quality of a buffet and decent amount of meat, it was worth it.
5	This is the best thai food in Phoenix and could be the best in the country. BYOB and the food takes awhile but that doesn't bother... When I had time, I used to come here twice a week. Lunch buffett Sunday-Friday, get there early as most of the good stuff is gone in the late afternoon.When I come here I make myself at home and I suggest you do the same. The chef is awesome and he is serious about cooking the best Thai food.
5	DUDE!! My favorite Thai restaurant to date!!! My friends and I found this place on Yelp on our way back from hiking one day because I'm obsessed with Thai food and just wanted to find the closest one. Don't judge it from the outside. First of all, it's called E-San Sab Sab Thai Cuisine now (formerly Pete's Thai Cuisine) which was a little confusing. Second, it's next to a smelly Auto Repair shop. But once you get inside.... fabulous decor, friendly staff, and delicious food. I saw they have a buffet certain hours, which I was a little sceptical... I've never been to a Thai buffet... So obviously we had to come back and check it out. We've been 3 times since. Even though it's 30 minutes away, it's worth the drive. The buffet food is just as amazing as if they served it to you fresh out the kitchen! 5+++ stars.
1	This place is now called E San Sab Sab Thai - I stopped by yesterday to grab something to eat while driving through N Phx. I really wanted some sticky rice and mango...Anyway, upon ordering our lunch, the waitress tells me that they ran out of sticky rice and mango (a half hr after opening?, ok). I ordered green curry with fish and extra egg plant. My son orders chow mein with chicken. Upon receiving our food, I look at my curry and notice that there is NO eggplant in it at all. After bringing this to the attn of the waitress, she says "oh, we don't have eggplant, we ran out".... I ask her if she didn't think that was important to tell me since I asked for extra egg plant...she says 'I don't know, the cook did it'? Then, with a closer look at my curry i notice that it is sitting in oil, literally (see my picture). I lost my appetite all together and didn't bother eating any of it. Either this place doesn't have a decent cook or they are under financial distress and can't buy the ingredients necessary for their food dishes. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this place.
3	We have been here about 3-4 times.  They definitely have really good food, but man it is SO spicy.  They have you rate your spice-level before making your food - I'm not good with spice, so he told me to go with level 1.  What a mistake - I drank so much water, my nose was running, it was insanely spicy.  If there is a next time, I will ask for a NEGATIVE 1.  I was with a large group, and these guys LOVE spice, and decided to get a 3 - they were dying!!  So my issue here is that their food is just way too spicy.  The server is nice (older gentleman) but the service is S-L-O-W every single time.  I don't know what they can do to rectify this except hire more staff - the server did mention that they only have 1 cook.  On the brighter side, the Thai iced tea is AMAZING. Probably the best Thai iced tea I have ever had.  I have read that they have an awesome lunch buffet but I have yet to try that out. Maybe I will...but I'm just scared it'll be too spicy.
1	Craving Thai food in North Phoenix and tried this place to go. Tried the red and peanut curries.. Extremely dissapointed in both. Very salty and the coconut flavor was sorely lacking. Next time we'll drive the extra few miles south for good Thai at Thai Basil.
4	From the outside it doesn't look like much but the food is excellent.  Well at least the dishes we have tried.  We tend to get the same thing each time, tofu pad thai and vegetable fried rice.  I like how they prepare the tofu. It is lightly fried and isn't soggy at all, like some tofu can be. We get the spice at a level one because it is HOT and the servers will warn you before ordering anything other than a one or a two.  I am usually sharing with the kids (yes they love it as well) so can't go much hotter.  The Sunday buffet gets busy so plan to be there a while!
5	The best Thai I've had in years. All that we tried was very well balanced with the correct amount of spice for me. (Level 3) thom kha gai was delicious ate the whole bowel!! I'm so glad I saw this place on yelp!!!!
5	Delicious buffet:  looking forward to late lunch, before 3;pm.Eaten here before, and will definetely keep going back.I never tire of their dishes...just yummy!
3	They have a decent selection of curry dishes and stir fry. All the curry dishes were either too spicy or too salty for my taste despite mixing it in with a bunch of white rice. Don't mix it with the fried rice because the fried rice was amazingly salty beyond normal too. The best dish was the pad see ewe with tofu and veggies because it wasn't overwhelming with the spice and salt. The coconut red soup was decent ...salty too but comparable to other restaurants that make this soup. I wish they had like a small Thai dessert section. For $10.99 Sunday lunch, it is not a very good value for the dishes offered.
5	I used to live in Thailand, and this is one of my top choices when I'm on this side of the ocean. Friendly people and the most authentic Thai food I've found in Phoenix.
3	Visiting AZ from CA for work n found this place thru yelp.1st impression was hard to find bcuz their sign doesnt light up at night. all u see is an Amco sign plus the parhing is dark so u cant tell its a Thai resturant at night.Service was good, guy was friendly. decoration n layout of the stores abit odd too much to look at. floor doesnt match the room. anyways about the food, was spicey!! we ordered level 1 spicey n it was like hot! felt like level 4! the food was Good! one of best tasting like thai food is supposed to be PROPS to the Chef!Price was abit pricey but for the quality, i wud say worth it eapecially if ur sharing but FYI order 0 Spice lvl unless u like drink 4 glasses of water per spice lvl
3	We all have that annoying co-worker/friend/family member who doesn't like to leave their comfort zone. They think they are happy and content in their little box, not realizing what a gigantic rube they actually are, so you take them by their provincial wrist and bring them out for Thai food. E-san Sab Sab serves up a buffet at lunch, so patrons can sample some of the greatest hits of Thai cuisine- from flat noodles, to curry, to fried rice and of course Pad Thai. It's next door to an AAMCO but once you walk inside, the decor is straight out of the Pier 1 catalog. The buffet will set you back about $10 per person not including tip.Most of the food I tried is pretty good, however some of the curries that had been sitting out for 20-30 mins and have been sampled a few times were very salty- probably from the sauce evaporating and concentrating the flavors of fish sauce and the other seasonings in it. I loved the home made flat noodles and the soups.If something isn't packing the heat level you usually tolerate, you can add chiles and sauces to make it so and the service is attentive and fast.AND if your annoying pal doesn't like Thai food tell them to enjoy their 6 inch turkey on wheat.
5	pork jerky!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Delicious, perfect, great service. I feel I am betraying my other fave Asian haunts, but this place is top notch. Yum yum yum. Spicy, so watch out when ordering!
1	It sucks that I have to give a poor review without even being able to taste the food but this place needs to really take a step back and decide if they want to stay in business or not. It was Friday afternoon. Around 11:30am. I had called the day before to ask a question and someone answered the phone then so I assumed that the hours THEY CLEARLY LIST ON THEIR WEBSITE AND ON THE FRONT DOOR OF THEIR ESTABLISHMENT are correct.A co-worker and myself were really looking forward to trying this place for 3 reasons...1) I was seriously craving some sweet sticky mango rice which no place else but this place seems to have right now, 2) my co-worker was craving some good Thai food, and 3) the reviews led us to believe we were in for a real treat. I'm sad to report that on that day, I did not fulfil my craving for the sweet sticky mango rice (which I still want, by the way) and my co-worker never got the good Thai food she wanted. Albeit, we got Thai food that day...just not good Thai food. I drove us 30 minutes during our lunch break to get there. Only to find a hand written note on the door saying they were closed and wouldn't be open until dinner.  WTF?!Ok, here's my take on how you should run a business...if you're gonna try to run a profitable and thriving establishment, don't just "pick and choose" when you feel like being open. Don't understaff your establishment to where you're unable to open during the normal business hours that YOU CHOSE AND POSTED. If there is an actual emergency and you seriously can't open when you're supposed to open, put a note saying so. Not just a note which pretty much describes you possibly just not wanting to open during your normal time cause you don't feel like it.  Or, if you really just can't stick to the opening schedule that, again, YOU CAME UP WITH, then do everyone a favor...remove the times from your door and website and just let people know they need to call ahead before making the drive out to you. Cause trust me, as a PAYING customer, nothing pisses me off more than making a long drive to a restaurant that SAYS on their website and front door they'll be open only to get there and find a lame ass handwritten note saying they're not open for stupid reasons. Will I ever attempt to return to this place?? I dunno. Depends on how long I hold this grudge against them for making me waste gas and my lunch hour.
5	NEW OWNERS!!  As of the first of the year.She (and he) plan on keeping things as is, tweaking the menu a little bit, but the buffet will stay.  She also said they will only close on Mondays. I still feel, like I have to call; having gone there, only to find them closed (but this was when Pete was the owner.. but it also happened on Friday, January 4th 2014).  Luckily, I don't live too far.  But still...I hope they keep to their posted hours and days.Good luck to the new owners!!NEW NAME!!!!  Restaurant is still open!!!
2	I tired to call this place to make sure it was open before going back and the phone number no longer works. From what I understand they're under new ownership. So I took the chance and made the drive out. Thank god they were open. The food was ok...nothing completely outrageous. They didn't have any mango and sweet rice. I've come to terms that I just won't be able to get any until mangos are back in season :(The staff was nice. I only saw a man and a woman but I assume there was a cook in the back.
2	Well, I am sad to report that Pete is gone and so is the heart and soul of this food. After more than 2 years of amazing Thai food right around the corner, we are once again relegated to bland land. I called to order take out tonight and the number was disconnected so I checked yelp and found the review from Stephanie H. stating that it was under new ownership. I checked their website for a new number and decided that if there was one, I would give them a shot. There was and it is 602-328-9000, just in case you want to give it a go. A very nice woman answered the phone and I asked about the change in ownership. She confirmed this, but said the recipes are the same so I cautiously ordered two of our favorites: Tom yum soup and Panang curry, both with chicken and medium spice level. NOT THE SAME!! The tom yum was better than many that I have had around the valley, but it was missing that complexity that I loved so much in Pete's. The spice level was comparable. The Panang curry was a weak, runny mess :( It seems like they started with a decent curry paste, but added way too much coconut milk rendering it extremely watery and tasteless. Again, it was missing the soul and it makes me so sad.I hope that the new owners read this and take heart. I am afraid that they are going to lose all the business that Pete worked so hard to build and they will be out of business within 2 months! So very sad :(
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =Thai Buffets are rare in the Valley here & it's sad to see this one close!  i came here for lunch a number of times and always enjoyed both the food and the restaurant itself!     :-(
2	Everything about the new Pete's is great, but the food is just good.    Please bring back Pete's recipes.   The services is good now, the to-go containers are great,  but bring back Pete's recipes.  The rich flavors in the sauces in the Basil stir fry or Egg Plant dishes are gone. When I ate there right after the first of the year, the taste was there,  but every time I have been back the food is getting more and more blain.  Stop changing the recipes and go back to what worked.I maybe a little rough here but Pete's was so good,  now it's avg.
