4	Industry is a new bar along Butler street. Having seen the layout in the windows for many months leading up to their opening, when I found out they opened I had to stop in and check it out. We walked in just before dinnertime and asked if they had a happy hour - they don't, yet, but assured me within a week they'd have one figured out. The hostess encouraged us to look at the food and drink menus, all printed on sheets that look like industrial part-order forms, each several pages long.  We had just gotten dinner at nearby St. Matthew's fish fry, so we weren't hungry, but decided we'd sit at the bar and grab a drink. The room is very nice looking, a wide open space with a very large bar in the middle, a somewhat open kitchen off in the back. Bright light shines in through the bay windows, but beautiful hanging light fixtures are all around the restaurant. There are high and low tables, semi-communal bench seating, and tables around the outside. The bar contains a very large liquor selection, in addition to its 40 taps - 2 of them being house brews(With taps made of working lights). At the front there are many containers of various plant matter soaking in alcohol, which we found out was a Blood Orange-soaked Ketel One Orange, a Cucumber-soaked Hendrick's gin, and what ultimately wound up in my drink, a bing-cherry soaked Maker's Mark. What I ordered was essentially a manhattan made with this concoction - beautifully served in an oversized glass with a single, (nearly) crystal-clear, extra-large ice cube and a cherry. The taste was slightly sweet and with little bite, but the flavor of the cherry really came through and made it very pleasant to sip. The bartender told us about one of their sweeter drinks, the Confetti - something like a cake-flavored white russian with jimmies and a 'cake frosted glass'. What really interested me on the menu was the 'Smoke stack' - your selection of bourbon or whiskey with a touch of maple syrup and your choice of wood to infuse a bit of smoke into the drink. While we didn't try the food, the bartender did encourage us to come back and try the bugers, advertising that they were pan seared in several varieties of rendered pig fat. The appetizers sounded quite good as well, along with things like truffe oil and gorgonzola fries, and several jerk-seasoned items.The service was outstanding, especially given that they had only opened a day before. They were certainly well-staffed for it being early in the day, and the bartender was nice enough to talk to us about the place and how many of the items on the menu are made. The prices were on the above-average side, with both cocktails and burgers being in the $10+ range, and beers being in the $5-7 range. As I said, no happy hour just yet, but stay tuned - I'll certainly be returning to try the food(and more drinks!).
4	Stopped into Industry to watch one of the Pens playoff games.  Boy, it was PACKED!  We stood at the bar and waited for a table, which thankfully opened up sooner than expected.  The draft list here is really extensive and they also have interesting cocktails and a ton of whiskey and bourbon.  I was happy to see Arsenal Cider on the menu as well as a few of Industry's own brews.  I tried an Industry I.P.H and an East End Big Hop (can never pass it up when it's on tap!).  Even though the large bar was busy the service was not bad and we weren't waiting long for beers.  This is a great place to watch sports, which makes it stick out like a sore thumb in L-ville.  I'm not hatin', though, I loved being able to watch hockey on what seemed to be a zillion tvs everywhere.  The vibe is sort of classier than the average sports bar, and I hope they keep that up.  When we were seated we ordered wings and fries.  The Filament Fries have Rosemary Truffle Oil and Gorgonzola cheese all over them, so it was predetermined that I would be in love.  They were very, very tasty.  The wings were OK, not the best quality I've had, but the spice rub we got on them was balanced and flavorful.  A few things of note that made me giddy:  1.  They have Bison bacon you can order as a side.  2.  Their silverware is pretty (I'm a dork).3.  They have mac n cheese (I need to go back soon and get it)Service was great, especially impressive for such a new place.  I'll be sure to be back soon.
4	Nice set up in here with the bar in a horseshoe type shape in the center and tables surrounding both sides of the bar.  Great place to watch a game- plenty of flat screens...I ordered the turkey club which had a weird name that I can't recall.  It was excellent- really good quality turkey and avocado on sourdough served w fries.  The drinks are STIFF!  Get a stiffy!  Haha
4	It's so big and airy...so I feel like it definitely stands out amongst the more intimate style places that you usually see in Lawrenceville.  I like the feel of this place and let me just tell you they make awesome cocktails!I had the Menlo Park (gin based drink with rosemary) - I was blown away by how good it was and how strong it was!  Even though you could tell it was strong, the taste was well-balanced between the gin and the rosemary.I'm giving this place 4 stars on the drinks alone b/c I was disappointed in my meal.  I had the Worker Burgher which is a fairly simple burger with caramelized onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, and cheese.  I ordered it medium-well and it was prepared exactly as ordered and with all items as stated on the menu, but it wasn't that flavorful.  Maybe I just picked a bland burger from the numerous choices on the menu...but I couldn't get over it.  I'm not much of a burger person so when I order one it has knock me off my socks to impress me.  And while you could tell the meat was quality as were the ingredients it needed something...maybe some garlic, salt, or Mrs. Dash's seasoning in the ground meat mixture, but it was screaming for flavor...or maybe that was just me screaming at myself for ordering a bland burger.I would definitely go here again and give the food another chance, but the drinks were awesome.  Oh I forgot, we had nachos as an app...that should tell you something they were forgettable - nothing that great.
4	Wow!  This place is beautiful inside!  I feel like this is just what Lawrenceville needed.  A large, casual restaurant with no agenda.  Come one, come all!  The menu is all American, with lots of the faves, burgers, fries, etc.  Main dishes are lobster mac n' cheese (saved for another time fo' sho!), meatloaf, etc.  But the place is huge, with a massive bar in the center and chairs and tables spread out around the outside.  It's something I think Lola was missing... accessible for large groups with a casual atmosphere.  But the shinning star?  The drinks!  The drink list is actually much longer than the menu!  They have a full page devoted to fancy schmancy liquor based bevvies.  A then a couple pages of beer and wine.  It's very impressive!They all sounded good, even the whiskey one, I'm not even a whiskey fan.  I choose the Carnegie Cucumber.  It was phenomenal.  They served it the right way.  Hendrick's Gin with cucumber.  Most places serve it with a lime, yuck!  The cucumber was actually soaked in gin.  I dare you to eat the whole thing, it's just a slice, but it's potent alone!  For dinner I ordered the Portobello Burger with fries.  Now let me preface this by saying it had all my fave ingredients.  Fresh mozz cheese and a porto soaked in vinegar.  Now I love me some vinegar but I felt like it was a tad too much.  That's a shocking statement for me to say.  But my friend thought hers was great, so maybe I was having an off vinegar night:)  I mean, it was still totally tasty and I ate the whole thing... I just may venture over to something else next time.  Fries were good and fresh and crispy to my liking.  The real thing I had my eye on from the start was this amazing looking birthday cake cocktail.  Forgive me for not remember the name.  Seriously all I can remember is the massive amount of frosting that rimmed my glass... WITH SPRINKLES!  This was my dessert and I enjoyed every alcoholic second!  It was funny to have taste the sweet icing against the strong liquor inside the glass.  Made with the cake batter liquor, it was really incredible and totally worth the splurge.  And by splurge I mean price - 11 bucks a pop - AND calories!  I can imagine this becoming a regular on the Lola circuit for me.  You'll find me in the corner sipping another fancy cocktail!
4	While simplicity is key in the decor, the food and drinks pack a lot of punch. Came here on a finals game for the Penguins and the place was loud and hopping - everything that a sports bar should be. However we weren't there per say for the game and tucked into a nice corner by the window in the front. Our waiter was super chill but friendly with the recs and checking in. In addition to the waiter bringing out some of our food, the sous chef made some appearances and cracked some jokes. His boisterous personality made me laugh.The nachos were delicious though nothing spectacular but I ordered the mushroom burger and a beer for my main. The mushroom burger was very vinegary but it suited my palette and I devoured each bite along with the beer and fries. Overall my stomach was content. I will be back here for sure. I'd suggest that if they were to improve upon anything is to have the windows in the front open up.
4	Another new place in Larryville? I may never leave this part of the city!Industry, along with Tamari, is filling a voided niche that Pittsburgh so desperately needed. I have lamented the lack of upscale pub/ lounge environments in Pittsburgh that you can either go to for some quality drinks or delectable bites and not be surrounded by affliction shirt wearing bro's slurping up bud light (why is that the bro drink of choice? less calories more taste? or prep for the redbull and vodka to come).Anyways, I was really excited to check this out yesterday. Upon entry, the place opens up spaciously with a nice vibe that suits the name. I love the open brick walls which pay homage to the city's roots, embracing an architectural heritage instead of absconding it. Another plus is the bar which is open and rectangular, as in you look at people instead of yourself in the mirror, which may prevent the vanity and or depression that comes with drinking. Might as well look at someone else and strike up a conversation, right?The drink menu is extensive, with a respectable tap list of many favorites, and a bottle list to supplement that. To me, what stood out, is the cocktail list. This is what reminded me of Tamari, and what alot of Pittsburgh bars miss. They all sounded wonderful, and did not disappoint. I had the industrialist, as I love whiskey and all things manhattenesque. It was a solid drink that was worth every penny. My girlfriend had the Carnegie ( I think thats what it was called) with the gin and cucumber and it was also very tasty.The food menu was also extensive, and each item looked like it was carefully thought out as to how it could be unique and flavorful. She ordered the farmer burger, while I ordered the steakhouse sammich. As usual, she ordered better than I did. This is not to say my sammich was bad, it was quite delicious, with a generous helping of steak on a wonderful sourdough bun. Her burger was simply smoky, juicy and delicious, and better than many of the "burger" themed restaurants that seemed to be the in thing for 2010-11. I will return for cocktails, food, sports, basically any excuse.
4	I really enjoyed this place and the scenery. We had a group of ten of us and the waitress was very attentive and the food was awesome. Really nice drink menu as well. My friend got their special the artic char and he complimented the chef and the chef came out to meet him and talked to our table. I liked how they brought filtered water to the tables. Even the bathrooms were really nice and modern looking. had a great time with friends here and would go back!
4	After reading a review of Industry in the City Paper I knew I wanted to check it out.  We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon around 4:30pm for a cocktail and appetizer.  The place is a huge u-shaped bar, with a handful of tables scattered about.   Although the number of TVs hinted that this is the place to watch sports in Lawrenceville, the drink menu suggested way more than sports pub.They have 40 taps with several local brews and an impressive drink menu.  I ordered the Robber Baron, which is made with vodka, vermouth, pickle juice, and a pickle spear. Whoever thought this drink up must have been reading my mind.  It was a perfect cocktail for someone who loves pickles.  The boyfriend had a cocktail with cherry infused whiskey, which was just sweet enough to hide the fact that it was whiskey!We ordered a flatbread with fresh mozzarella, basil, and roasted tomatoes.  The serving was small for the price, and didn't really resemble flatbread so much as a pita with toppings.  Despite that, the fresh toppings did not disappoint.I hope they start posting their food and drink menus online.  I will definitely return for another pickle cocktail...I can't get anything like it anywhere else!
3	I was excited when this place first opened in Lawrenceville because we were in desperate need of a non-smokey dive bar. Industry definitely delivers on that regard with a really nice ambiance that isn't too overtly upscale. I've been to Industry about 10 times since it opened and the service has steadily declined since the first week. The bar tending staff is frustrating, it takes FOREVER to get their attention. The young lady who waited on us last night took literally 20 minutes at every step of the drink ordering transaction and rather than giving one or two customers her full attention she proceeded to wait on 10 different people at once while fumbling around and clearly losing track of what she was doing. Another bar tender will just blatantly ignore you and he used to do the same thing when he worked at AVA. This place is still a great concept with a lot of potential and I think it could improve immensely by getting rid of a few of the weak links in the bar tending staff.
3	i was both really impressed and really unimpressed when i went here the other day. ok, good before bad:the atmosphere is awesome. so much industrial detail, it's perfect. and the menu is pretty interesting. caribbean burger? lobster mac and cheese?! and they have a pretty big list of beers on tap too. i personally had the caribbean burger which was pretty damn good (gotta add the lobster though!) and the chili which i was also impressed with. oh, and our waitress was so adorable and helpful!but now, the bad:i also had the management burger (my "date" and i split them both) and i was pretty disappointed. i mean, it wasn't bad by any means, just really bland. the description sounded so good so i was pretty caught off guard. i also had the industry copper ale and again, not bad, just really unimpressive. the prices were kind of ehh.. beer was about average, maybe a dollar more than a cheaper place, and the entrees were so-so. the burgers were priced well, but i had to hold off on the lobster mac and cheese because of price.i'd still definitely recommend the place, but don't get too excited and be disappointed!
5	How do I put this?  How do I describe this place?  How am I suppose to use words to convey this experience?  OMGdeliciousscrumptousfingerlickingtrendylookingcomfortableanddidimentionDELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!  I think that may cover it.This place seems to have a theme for people coming in.  You walk/drive by, see the front of the building, think to yourself 'what is Industry Public House,' throw it in reverse, and venture in.  This is one of those places that you are happy that you entered it.  The feel is industrial like in there, with the pulley system used for lighting, exposed brick, steel beams used for some of the hightops and the dark wood accents just right.We were greeted and seated by the general manager.  First time I was ever at a restaurant and the general manager actually introduced himself and brought us our drinks.  Big thumbs up for you sir.It took a while to browse the menu, but they were happy to let us do that, the staff was not there to rush us in any way.  When we finally decided on what we wanted it was a breeze after that.  Ordered the build to order nachos for the appy, so fresh, so good, so mouthwatering.  The mixture of food on that one plate alone was enough to convince me that this was a repeat place for me.  And we haven't even gotten to the main fare yet.  Back to the mixture of flavors, I had no clue black beans and pineapple could taste so good together...ok, I'll stop about that already.  Onto what i ordered for my main course, since it was lunch time I opted for one of their burgers.  I chose the Farmed Out burger.  The prochetta and BBQ sauce was amazing, not to mention the wild boar bacon.  The bun being toasted was amazing, fresh lettuce, tomato and onion...I did not need to add anything to this burger, just a napkin to catch the overflow of flavor.  The order of fries that come with it says 'fresh cut...'  I know what you are thinking.  But these were truly fresh cut...Reminded me of Potato Patch fries in Kennywood.  The taste was just so good, can tell they are not frozen at all.Going for lunch here on a Saturday was an excellent idea.  Wasn't packed, staff was very friendly, and we could take our time in there without being rushed.  I also love the way they serve the water to you in a corked glass bottle, and they leave it for you so you don't have to wait for the inevitable moment when your mouth is full and the waitress asks if you need anything.I'll definitely return here, maybe in the night time to check it out and see what crowds are like for the bar.
3	Oh Industry Public House you and that wonderful steampunk inspired decor. Love it!Upon arriving at Industry my guest and I weren't quite sure whether or not to seat ourselves or to wait. We ultimately ended up inching towards a table hoping to get someones attention. Once we inched close enough to the table someone who may or may not have been the host gave us the A-Ok to sit down.After getting the meet and greet out of the way with our server we gazed upon the menu. We both decided to share their Industry Chili bowl and split two of the burgers 1. The Carribean and 2. The Management and side it up with two small bowls of the Macaroni and Cheese. Once our Chili arrived we were in heaven. The Chili wasn't too spicy and had some pretty good flavour but it wasn't anything compared to Bens Chili Bowl in DC but like I said definitely a pretty solid Chili. Next came our burgers... Here was the moment of truth. Decent sized burgers for both. Tons of sweet tangy flavour with the Carribean Burger. I'd definitely reccomend for those of us who like things slathered in sauce to get an extra side to dip that burger in. Unfortunately for the Management it was a let down. No flavor. I can't say much more other than that. If the Management at Industry love that burger I don't think I can trust Management with picking whats good for me to eat. As for the Macaroni and Cheese solid but lacked salt. I figure with Mac N' Cheese you can't really f**k that up but forgetting salt is a big no no especially when you're hoping the cheese does all the work for you when it comes to flavour. The Verdict: Solid. Industry Public House is Solid. Its not awesome and its not horrible. Just Solid. Or as its shows in my rating A-OK. Maybe another visit is due. I'll come back try it out and give it another shot.
4	The place has a big city vibe to it, but the service is as unpretentious as it gets.  I've been there twice now (both this week), once for cocktails, and went back three days later because I wanted to try their food.The beverages:I've ordered two manhattans, whatever the last drink on their  drink list was, and their own Copper Kettle draft.You can get any of their whiskeys smoked with your choice of mesquite, apple wood, and like three other woods.  I prefer the apple wood, its not as heavy but flavorfull.  Note:  you will get ash in your drink, but it won't kill you.I had one manhattan smoked and one not.  Their's are different here, they don't use bitters, nor cherries.  Instead they use orange zest in which they heat to bring the flavors out (very important) and a secret ingredient.  ( I was really suprised we i was told what it was, but you'll have to ask)The signature drink i had was pretty tasty, but i'm not a sweet drink guy.The beer was pretty good...Full Pint does their brewing so it can't be bad.The Food:I had a prime rib or steak sandwich with horseraddish and truffle fries.  The fries were great, but the gorganzola masks the truffle oil, and the sandwhich had great meat, but was missing the kick that i was hoping for from the horseraddish.  the bread was also really buttery so I would order something else with company.
1	We went on a Saturday night and obviously expected a wait. Hostess said 45 minutes.  We came back after 45 minutes and the hostess told us we were next.  We decided to wait at the bar.  After seeing her seat people prior to us, my friend walked over, confused, and the hostess told us it would be ANOTHER half hour! Obviously we were not happy. The manager was completely disrespectful and told us not to "yell" at his employee.  He did not even acknowledge the issue or care. He has no idea how to handle problems or be good at his job.  Therefore, we decided to sit at the bar and eat.  The only savior of this night was the bartender Stacy.  She was amazing and the manager should be really grateful he has her working there.  The food was ok, but my friend's salad was forgotten about and did not arrive till we were more than halfway done with our food and it was obviously tossed together at last minute.  I know this place is new, and I would have given it another chance, except the manager was a complete ass-hat.
3	Been in twice now; once for drinks only and the other time for dins (and the group tried every cocktail on the list). I'll be back. But only for drinks, at least until I feel confident they've had time to work out the kitchen kinks. Allow me to elaborate: There are positives. Drink menu is totally solid. East End "house" brews, good micro draft selection, and plenty of bottles. I'm not a whiskey or bourbon girl, but I tried the wood-chipped smoked concoctions and they are delicious (albeit, seemingly inconsistent based on the bartender. some swirl and others shake the smoke). Bartenders are attentive. It's a cool environment with character. Then ... there are negatives. It's loud. Super loud. If you're sitting toward the back of the place (near the kitchen), prepare to lose your voice having a conversation. Aaaaannnd the food: I ordered the Rooted Burger, after the server tried to sell me on a salad instead (I wanted a burger ... not a salad). It is 100% house made veggie burger, with what the chef explained as a base/binder of zucchini, bulger wheat, and a few other 'root' vegetables. The first burger that came out was cold in the center and essentially a pile of mush, and relatively bland. The server readily took it back, but explained that's why she had tried to sell me on the salad. Well ... alright then. So the chef comes out to ask me what the deal is with the burger. I kindly explain that it is just mushy, a little cold, and I'd like it cooked through more. He counters that this is the healthiest thing on the menu, it's all housemade, and he just pattied them today. That's all well and good ... I would expect nothing less ... but that doesn't mean it should be mushy. Don't wax poetic on how it's made in house. A new burger is presented to me. It's clear the fries have just been re-dipped in the oil, because now they're so greasy they slip through my fingers. It's crispier on the outside and hot, which definitely helps. Still needed salt. Chef comes back out to ask how it is, I said it's all good - but spend more time draining the zucchini and figure out the consistency. Long story short: don't defend the food it it just isn't right. Figure it out. There may be some awesome things on the menu, but right now I think there are a ton of great ideas and a lack of execution. It's not unusual in a new restaurant, but they should trim it back and focus on perfecting a few items ... and go from there.
4	I went to Industry for the second time tonight (well, actually the third, but one of those times we didn't stay because the wait was too long). The first time I went, I only had cocktails. And what fine cocktails they were!  The cocktail list at Industry leaves NOTHING to be desired. Delicious!I was amped to go back to try out the food.  A couple of friends and I went tonight and had a great experience.  Our server (Jason) was awesome - friendly, knew the ins and outs of the drink and food menus and was super quick and attentive. And adorable. I had the Smoke Stack which is a roast beef sandwich on grilled sourdough bread. It was so good! It had a nice horseradish sauce on it as well as some mozz cheese.  I was pleased as punch with the fries, too. Fresh cut and crispy. I also have to mention that the prices were great. I got out of there for under $20, including tip (I had the sandwich, fries and a beer).
3	The beer selection is obviously the featured attraction, and the cocktail list is also massively impressive. Most users on here have elaborated much about the menu. For Lawrenceville, it's a very modern and mainstream bar experience. There are about 6 flat panels, and all were showing sports when I was there on a Saturday night. The clientele is very un-Larryville as well. I find none of this to be a problem, but it's certainly not the typical "hipster" experience many think of having on Butler St. The staff and feel try to replicate that of an off-kilter place, but at it's heart, IPH is a very nice bar that almost feels out of place.
4	I keep waiting to review Industry until I've had the opportunity to eat here, but I can wait NO longer!  Last night was my second visit and I continue to be impressed with the service and atmosphere.  Watching the bartenders make their fancy schmancy drinks is truly a treat.  Not only is it entertaining to watch, but damn, does it make you thirsty for some smoke-treated whiskey. Really.  The atmosphere is so lovely; dark, but not too dark, great televisions if you're trying to watch a game, comfy bar-stools (even though they don't look it) and enough room to breathe.  Heading there next weekend for a birthday dinner and I can't WAIT to eat, eat, eat all of the delicious food on their super-unique menu!
5	Industry has awesome creative bar food and the selection on tap is great. Favorite dessert is their  banana bread with jalapeno cream - its too good! Great place to go if you are wanting to relax and mingle with friends. We have gone 3 times now since they opened in April and everyone I meet has really loved it as well. We are all raving to go back.
4	I am really impressed to see a place like this pop up on butler street. It reminds me of the bar scene in Chicago. I liked the atmosphere. It's modern with lots of space and a large bar in the middle. We ordered the outsourced burger with fries and the electric cheese with the boar bacon Brussels sprouts. The burger was ok. The electric cheese was great and the boar bacon on the sandwich and Brussels spouts were really great. I would definitely go back. Oh yeah - I'm not into the fancy cocktails, but the cocktail list was impressive.  My gin and gingers were generously strong.
1	This place is weak.  Decide what you want to be....a restaurant, cocktail bar, sports bar, lounge..the drinks are pricey and although they have put forth effort toward quality it does not work for me.  Prepare to spend a lot of money and have loud rock music and espn on the televisions.  BLAH!
3	Food was okay - not terrible, but nothing to rave about. Not very kid friendly. They have a kids menu - but the Mac n cheese was gourmet Mac n cheese.  My kid is happy with Kraft. If they don't want kids there don't offer a kids menu. Atmosphere is nice and great beer selection.
5	Industry Public House is AWESOME! Darren and I came here with my friends from VA, and they loved everything as much as I did. The Pot Roast sliders have mashed potato cakes and gravy in them and are superb. I shared them with my friend along with the delicious Charred Flatbread and Truffle Filament Fries. The Coconut Cake was really good too. Loved the decor and the service also.
5	T'YEAH!!!!Industry absolutely and positively kills it.How could a place like this go wrong in Lawrenceville?I walked in and immediately grabbed a seat at the bar and studied their cocktail list. I'm not gonna lie, it took me awhile to really look at it. I decided to go with the a drink that was graced with the presence of a Nolet Gin, being as I'm a huge gin advocate. I can't remember the name of it, but I do know that it was lit on fire in front of me as it was being prepared and it contained legitimate rosemary and was topped with absinthe. This particular drink was one of the most amazing drinks I've ever had with Gin in it. Who the F came up with this drink?? It's divine! My roommate got the Carnegie Cucumber which was pretty good as well, but I definitely liked mine better. To eat, I went with the Worker's Burgher cooked at a most perfect medium-well and it was impossible to put down. The burger was topped with arugula cheese and caramelized onions;  I loved it.The whole vibe of Industry is awesome and I want anyone and everyone to partake in it.
4	On my second visit I was delightfully impressed by the food and the service. Quite different from the first visit that's for sure. Upon entering the bartender lady greeted me and told me to pick a seat and that she would send a server my way. I chose to sit on one of the high-top tables near the windows. The server was really nice not too knowledgeable about the beer list but hey any question I had she was honest and was more than happy to find out the information I needed.As far as the food is concerned this visit I decided to try out the Mac n' Cheese again along with the Pork Sliders. In my past review I said the Mac n' Cheese was pretty bland...this time they attempted to add a smidge more flavour...still I needed salt but it was an easy fix. The Pork Sliders was a recommendation from my server and a pretty solid recommendation at that. Delicious! I even asked for an extra side of BBQ Sauce because well I like sauce. Duh! Anyway I decided to give Industry another shot. And they get an extra star. :D
4	Good place to grab drinks.  Decent food.  Nice space.Went around 6:30pm on a Wednesday night a was seated right away.  Seems like it would be a great place for groups.  Really casual, but more on the trendy side.There's about 100 options of beers to choose from, and I started with their house-brewed IPH, which was their version of IPA and not super hoppy, but a littttle on the sour side.Most of our group ordered burgers.  I wouldn't say they are the best burgers I ever had.  I'd give it a 6/10.  Nothing special, but definitely not bad.  Main compliant I have is that my fiance ordered his burger medium rare, but his was definitely more medium/well done.  Mine was ordered medium, but came out a little more medium rare.  We ordered different types of burgers, so this definitely was a mixup.  I also ordered the Truffle Fries, which were yummy.  How can you go wrong with Truffle Anything!!  The fries are slightly thicker cut, but not wedge style fries and were cooked really well.  I didn't love the cheese crumbles that were on top of it though.  So I'd give the fries 7/10.  I also ordered the Carnegie Cucumber and it was the highlight of the meal for me!  I always love a well made cocktail.  Simple, crisp and strong.  Seemed a little pricey to me, more like LA-pricing to me, but you definitely get a LARGE glass, so it's definitely worth it!  I really want to go back and try their other cocktails!
4	To be perfectly (and embarrassingly) honest, I started going to Industry specifically because I knew I would not see anyone that I knew there. Sometimes you just really don't want a place where anybody knows your name. Sometimes you want to be a girl, alone at a bar, drinking a bourbon and reading a book. And Industry fits the bill perfectly. It's a good-looking place with a giant bar area and plenty of table seating -- but who cares about that when you want to eat alone? It's not too dark, there are lots of TVs, the music is a mystifying mix of Vampire Weekend, Beyonce and 80s, the servers range from charmingly social to semi-efficiently disinterested (which I'm ok with), the food is decent -- I like the salads and the flatbreads but have heard mixed things about everything else -- and the drinks are interesting. Basically, it's the perfect combination of safe and anonymous, with the added benefit of a competent kitchen. The cocktails tend to be on the sweet side and for some reason the person who designed the menu decided to name both a drink and a salad the Menlo Park, which makes for some confusion and seems like a ridiculous oversight. Pricing is reasonable: many menu items are under $10.00. The cocktails are also reasonable but, given the sweetness, not really worth it. Or maybe they are. It depends what you like.Basically, this is a place I go by myself. Maybe I'd go with friends. And I'd definitely go with a blind date.
4	The best part of the food truck roundup this past weekend? The long lines that forced to change our plans and walk to Industry Public House, where getting food was a much more pleasurable experience!We were greeted by a nice hostess and got a cozy hightop immediately...during dinner hours on a Saturday! Our server was also really nice, and I loved that they bring you a big bottle of water to refill your glass so you're not constantly waiting for your server to stay on top of it.  The atmosphere was pretty nice, although the music was way too loud, which had my wife and I constantly saying, "what?" to each other. It was also a little too dark towards the back of the restaurant to see the menus, but we managed. Other than that, we liked the place. The solid beer selection on tap doesn't hurt, either!We opted for a pretty simple meal: fried mozzarella and the cheese & bacon fries for apps, and two burgers (the top two on the burger list; their names escape me), and mac & cheese and a salad for our sides. The apps were both good, but with apps like that, it's hard to say they're remarkably better than a lot of other places. I will say that the marinara that came with the fried mozzarella was the best part. I'm pretty sure they use honey in their sauce, which threw me off a bit at first, but grew on me quickly. I would order it again just for the sauce.The burgers were good and cooked properly to-order. Of course, it was so dark, it would've been difficult. to see. Haha. Regardless, the flavor was good. The side of mac and cheese was also really good, and the chili-style seasoning they mix in adds some nice interest to a dish that's quickly getting too trendy and overplayed these days.Overall, we had an excellent experience. The staff was great and the atmosphere was nice. The only issues are things that they can control, literally, with the flick of a switch or turn of a volume knob! Add in the reasonably-priced, delicious food, and we're left with nothing but reasons to return!
1	I have only been here twice now and both times the service was not bad it was horrible. To have 2 bartenders on and not be that busy I shouldn't have to wait 5 minutes to be greeted or waited on.
4	This review is for the work of art that is the smokestack.  It's very unique, and very awesome.  The bad news is I now make these at home all.the.time.  Hangover city, but if you haven't experienced one yet, you need to get your ass to Industry immediately.  This is a smokestack:  Pick a bourbon of your choice.  I recommend something moderately price, non-bonded. Pick your wood chip smoke (mesquite, cherry, or apple.)  To assemble, 1.5-2oz of bourbon, .25-05oz of maple syrup, dash of Peychaud's bitters.  Strainer on glass, set wood chips, burn them til they smoke.  Cover with shaker, infuse for 2 minutes, then dump chips & drink into shaker, stir well, strain into glass.  Add a King Cube ice cube (big-ass ice cube that slowly melts.)  Congrats, you just made a kick-ass drink.They also have an extensive amount of taps as well.  Their food, unfortunately, is still lacking.  Everything is made in-house, down to the sauces, but unfortunately it has all been pretty mediocre.  Not bad, but it doesn't hold a candle to the cocktails.
1	Decided to try out Industry last night since we were in Lawrenceville for RANT.  We were a group of 6, who were seated within 10 minutes of arriving.The guys were excited by the extensive beer list.  We ordered our food pretty quickly and the two couples who ordered appetizers were thrilled.Everything went DRASTICALLY downhill from there.  About a half hour later, our waiter came back, took another round of drink orders and told us our food was up next.  After another half hour wait, when we never saw the waiter, we asked to speak with this manager.  This was AN HOUR after we put our food order in.The manager apologized, said they were slammed.  While the place was busy, there never appeared to be a long wait to be seated and many tables around us who were seated well after us had already received their food and cashed out.  The manager bought a round of beers for the guys and said they would get our food right up.  After another 25 minutes with no communication from our waiter or the manager again, we were in the process of determining what we owed for the beers so we could leave.  As we were standing our food arrived.The food was good, but after an hour and half wait, I think peanut butter on cardboard would have tasted good.  We had planned to check out some other bands and clubs but everyone was in a bad mood after the wait and the amount of time that we all headed home.I am certain we won't be back because after all, who has more than 2 hours to wait for a fairly average hamburger?
1	How long is too long to wait for food? 20 minutes? A half hour? An hour? What about an hour and a half?? What if you waited that long, got crappy service, and the manager was totally unsympathetic?I went to Industry Public House with a group of friends (6 altogether) for hopes of a tasty meal and a few drinks. The atmosphere is fun, the decor is very cool, and the drink list is humongous. However, the service is absolutely abysmal, to the point that I will not go back. It was a Saturday evening during the Rock All Night Tour, which is a very cool music festival that took place in several venues with several music genres. The idea was to showcase local music and the Lawrenceville neighborhood, so we thought it would be fun to eat local as well. When we put our name on the list, the wait was supposed to be 40 minutes, but we only waited about 15 minutes- a plus. The hostess was considerate and sat as down right away- another plus. Our waiter came running over with menus and took our drink orders, which were brought to us in a relatively short time- great so far. Then, he took our orders- on a Samsung Galaxy Tablet- and promised it would be quick and efficient, thanks to the electronic ordering- very cool. And he was right, the appetizers we ordered came out very fast. My wife and I had the pot roast gravy fries, which tasted like Kennywood Potato Patch fries only smothered in pot roast- yum. Another couple in our group also enjoyed their appetizer, and frolic and joviality ensued. A great start to our evening.But then, it all went downhill. Maybe I'm being too hard on our waiter- perhaps he was kidnapped by aliens, or was wrongfully incarcerated, or had to deliver a baby in the backroom. Something must have kept him very busy, because 30 minutes after we finished out appetizers, there was still no entrees, no drink refills, no new beers, and our waiter was MIA. This was about the time we all started commenting on the length of our wait. We watched as other patrons were sat, ordered, waited upon, and paid their bills as we waited an hour after our appetizers to finally inquire what was happening. I like to believe my group and I are pretty laid back in these instances, but this was ridiculous. We finally flagged a manager over to ask what was happening, which was about the time our waiter finally reappeared. I guess he must have stopped the asteroid or disarmed the bomb, or whatever important thing he was doing that he finally got away from to come running over upon seeing us talking to the manager. When we asked the manager what was going on, he stated that they were slammed and our food would be next. When my friend asked him why everyone else seemed to be getting their food without waiting, he looked over at a table and snapped back "that guy's eating nachos, which takes like 2 seconds to make." He then promised to buy us a round of drinks and that are food was already ready and would be over right away.We waited. And waited. A couple sat down near us, ordered food, ate, and were paying their bill as we waited. Finally, a half hour after the manager promised our food was coming, we gave up and proceeded to leave. After all, it had been over an hour and a half since we were sat, and this was unbelievable. I could have gone to the grocery store, bought the items needed, made the meal, served it and washed the dishes in the time it took them to bring out two hamburgers, two grilled cheese sandwiches, a salad, and a cup of chili. Unfortunately, our waiter reappeared with our food as we were standing up to leave. Arrgh, now we're eating after all.Despite the wait, the food looked good. My wife enjoyed her chili, and my burger with goat cheese looked yummy, but it was room temperature when I got it and I wasn't about to send it back. Everyone else commented that their food was good, but maybe it was because we were hungry, angry, and just wanted the evening to end.Amazingly, the waiter was quick to bring our bills and take our payment. We left a 15% tip, despite my objections that that was too much.Later that evening, I was visited my Montezuma's Revenge. Of all the times I've been sick from food, this was easily in my top 5. The next morning, I was still tasting goat cheese and bile in my throat. It's unfortunate that such a hip place in Lawrenceville would have such poor service. I guess I was wrong to assume that a business with a menu would actually want to serve food, and not try to be a night club/bar. If you are going to have a full menu, then serve it. Otherwise, serve tapas and appetizers and focus on the drinks. And if you are the manager, be a bit courteous and listen to complaints- we really tried to be understanding and support a local business, but we won't be going back.
4	Surprisingly good beer selection, solid, quality food beyond what I expected. Big and clean. Can get a bit noisy but not a big deal. Only complaint is the prevalence of flat screens, but they're clustered around the bar and therefore aren't too intrusive. Prices are fair. Good place for an after work drink or weekday dinner.
4	Just went here for the first time with a friend. No problem getting a seat, service was very quick the whole night.  The first thing you notice is that it is very loud in here. We got there at about 7 on a Friday night and it was already at shouting-level. The sandwich board outside was advertising Southern Tier's Pumking, so we both got one - if I had realized it was $8 a pint (with both glasses about a centimeter below full), I would have gotten one of the myriad other craft brews on tap for $5-6. We weren't super hungry, so didn't get starters. My friend had a salad and I had the Management Burger. Our food came SO QUICKLY. This might be due to the tablet ordering (and payment) system - your card never needs to leave the table. I loved the burger - it was about perfect. Great bread, great meat, toppings all worked well, came with fries.  We hung out a while, chatting over beers, after our meals. There is a nice lively ambience here. There are screens with sports showing all the time, but they were unobtrusive enough. Some sound masking could make it even more pleasant.  Overall, a decent experience. I think I'll be back!
5	Lavender-infused absinthe?! I wish I could have purchased a bottle and taken it home. I'm currently trying to infuse this in my kitchen as we speak so I don't have to keep driving to Pittsburgh.Seriously though their version of a Sazerac, while certainly not at all close to the classic, is definitely a fantastic cocktail.  Maybe one of my favorites ever.  Our food took a while to come from the kitchen (not an overly long time, though, and we were planning on having a few drinks anyway) but the manager came over and personally apologized for our wait and offered us a round of drinks on the house.  5 stars for customer service! We tried several cocktails from the menu and they were all fantastic.  Quite a whiskey selection, as well.  I was slightly disappointed that the signature Smokestack seemed to be MIA from the menu the night we visited.  Just means we'll have to come back!
3	Happening place and definitely a place that Lville has been starving for (or from what it seems). The food/service is what you would find anywhere around the area and atmosphere is what you could and would find on Southside at like a Local or Fat Heads.I would recommend the Wings and go with a dry rub... so good and crispy (with good meat on them too). Also, the food taking a while to come out of the kitchen seems to be a constant issue with this place, but I was never going to this place for speedy service and quick turnaround on my food, so I am totally fine with it. A lot of people always there when we go and always a solid experience from service and food.
2	Industry why do my experiences have to be so flaky. Garsh! Anyway, this visit I went with a boy. Yes Sheryl T. had a date. Anywho food was ok I could've passed on the bacon cheddar fries. Andys' bacon cheddar fries beats Industry's any day. The server was my only problem.  Overly attentive to the point where it became a nuisance. I think he might have been trying to go home and wanted us to hurry up and order. That's still no excuse for being pushy.
5	This is quickly becoming my favorite bar in Pittsburgh. The bartenders are a bit mixologist-like so there are some very tasty drinks (I especially liked the Smokestack with apple wood smoke). The food (appetizers) was very good too. I recommend that folks check it out.
3	I don't love many things. Only Doritos and Michael Jackson videos really. But I LOVE the pot roast sliders from Industry Public House in Lawrenceville. The sliders are served three ways: pulled pork, pot roast, or lobster. I originally chose the pulled pork but was steered toward the pot roast at the final moment. They come three to an order and aren't sissy sliders like served by some restaurants around town. These sliders mean business, think a little smaller than a glazed donut.The pot roast sliders come on a potato roll which is soft and chewy. The pot roast itself is tender and moist and comes topped with a mashed potato cake. I some how missed the mashed potato cake during the first slider but was beyond pleasantly surprised when I bit into during the second. The mashed potatoes were creamy and made every bit thereafter feel like a home cooked meal Mom made.I enjoyed these sliders so much in fact that I seriously considered ordering another round. I didn't, but I probably should have...
3	Located across from arsenal  lanes. You should be able to park on the street or nearby parking lot. Brick walls,  metal bar stools,  decent lighting. The bar is located in the center of the Floor.  Tables and  booth seating along the walls, and front windows.ladies , there are purse hooks at the bar.Decent beer selection both domestic and import. I ordered pulled  pork sliders :Pulled pork BBQ on top coleslaw ( mayo based )  on little buttered rolls. Plated up on a  mini metal speed rack tray . If your going on Friday night you might have to wait a few minutes for seating.  I believe we had about a 20 minute wait.
1	This review pertains to the doorman only. I've been there previously and taken both clients and friends and have always been pleasantly greeted by Angel and the other great bartenders. That being said, I will never set foot in the establishment again. While perhaps venturing to offer some downtown verisimilitude to a newly and thankfully re-gentrified Lawrenceville, the proprietors of Industry Pub House have made a sizable error in judgement with their choice of low-brow angry urban door guy. If what you're after is what I think it is: upwardly mobile young professionals seeking a quality setting for upscale food and drink, then staffing your otherwise attractive space with a cretan incapable of proper social interaction who exercises a blatant disrespect and chip-on-the-shoulder mentality for the very kind of patrons he is ostensibly hired to make feel welcome seems a self-defeating proposition. Chase this peasant out of there and relegate him to fields he may properly plow, namely scummy 18-and-older trash warehouses in some other dilapidated part of town. He deserves no quarter in this setting. Good burgers though, shame we won't be back.
1	This place really sucks. Wish it would get out of Lawrenceville. No character, terrible food, and rude servers. Belongs in Station Square with the drunk suckers.
3	The food was great, but the ambiance killed it.We all enjoyed our food, and my 'Electric Cheese' was one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've had.. ever. BUT, the noise level was ridiculous, like so loud we couldn't hold a conversation with the table.Service was also sloppy which didn't help.The food is worth 4 stars easily, but the overall quality of meal a low 3 :(
5	Had a great experience dining here on a recent visit to my hometown. Really nice looking place - lots of space, very cool design that manages to look modern and industrial yet still welcoming. Attentive and friendly service from start to finish of the meal. Lots of delicious cocktails and a respectable beer menu. All the food was great and very reasonably priced for the quality.
2	I am sitting at the bar as I type this. I have never posted anything on Yelp before until now. That is how ridiculous what just happened is IMHO. I ordered a glass of Glenmorangie neat. The menu says 11.  The bartender says "That it will be 14." I point out that the menu says 11. She then informs me that they "up charge" for neat. I am confused and the look on my face shows it. I say, "You charge for no ice?". To which she says, neat means more alcohol. I'm dumbfounded and we go back and fourth about the meaning of neat and she insist that's what bars do. That is not what "bars" do. That is what this place does.  I have had Scotch neat in a hundreds of bars and restaurants (dives to very fine dining) across the country and never once has anyone charged me above menu price because I don't want water down liquid gold. Big time disappointment.  After paying, I looked at the menu a second time and it does mention it at the bottom under "Up Grades".  There are several so called up grade items that were unfamiliar to me and nondescript.  The one she hit me with was listed as "Rocks/Neat +2", which implies both are a 2 dollar charge.  With there already being a large mark up on alcohol, is it necessary to add 2 dollars for not wanting ice?  It is if your "on the rocks" pours are so small, that pouring a drink neat would show how much you are ripping people off.  I would rather you establish a consistent pour and charge me the same rate than flim flam me.
3	The food is pretty good, especially the bacon, which is flown in fresh everyday.  The beer selection is excellent.  The atmosphere is fun.  The bar is huge, fully stocked and the bartenders are always quick with a drink.  The best part is that I live super close and I can walk there on a Saturday evening and not have to wait too long to sit down and eat.  However, the reason that I give Industry only three stars is two-fold;  first, the music is sometimes so loud during dinner time (i.e., before 9 pm) that i can hardly hear myself think.  Second, there have been several occasions that the waitstaff has been incredibly rude.
2	We visited Industry on a busy Friday evening, looking for some of the exciting drinks and food we'd heard this place does. The place was packed--had a 25 minute wait for a table, which was fine. We took a couple of spare stools at the bar and ordered some drinks. The beer list is good and the cocktail list sounded interesting. We tried some cocktails. They were okay but nothing special, unfortunately. We then moved to a table and ordered some food. My wife ordered a salad and I ordered a burger. I'd heard they do some great things with burgers, so I was pretty excited. A good "fancy" burger in Pittsburgh can still be hit or miss (more miss than hit). This was a total miss. The burger was way overcooked (ordered medium), the beef did not taste top quality, and the bun was stale. What a shame. The only positive were the fries, which we ordered with pot roast gravy. That was a tasty topping that elevated otherwise boring fries.The service was so-so. The hostess dealing with the table wait list was pleasant and helpful. The bar staff were affable. Our waitress was friendly but pretty aloof (or indifferent?). The ambience of the place on a busy night was great, though. Really felt like a happening bar in a happening neighborhood of Manhattan (actually the way the place is decorated reminds me of The Smith in the East Village).This is a good bar for beers and maybe some basic snacks. Food was unimpressive but depends on the occasion I suppose. Two stars because they are trying to be something more than a bar with average bar food so they could do better. Hopefully they will as this is still a relatively new place.
5	Great beer list. Check.Great whiskey list. Check. Amazingly creative whiskey cocktail. Check. Finger-licking burgers. Check.Nachos that use real cheese and no cheese sauce. Check. Are you in yet? This is a great bar with upscale bar food. If you like bourbon you definitely must try the Smoke Stack. It's an absolute show stopper. I've tried many of the new burgers joints in town. My favorite is Wingharts but industry comes in second for me - over others like BRGR and Burgatory. The Farmhouse is my go-to. I always love a burger with an egg on top. Other tip in food - the nachos are made with real cheese, not nacho cheese sauce. This is always a big one for me.Lastly - on the ambiance and decor. It gets really loud in there so be ready for that if you are on a date. Some tables it can be hard to have a conversation at. And second, I really like the industrial decor and exposed brick. They've for a great setup for TVs if you are trying to watch a game.
3	Went on a Saturday night.  Walked in at 8:30 and were told by the hostess it would be "at least 2 and a half to three hours" if we wanted a table for our party of 5.   Reeeeeeealllly?   It wasn't *THAT* busy.  It kind of felt like they were trying to just get people to walk away...Long story short, 55 minutes later we were seated.  The drink list was good, the drinks were good.  Everybody enjoyed their food -- the fries with truffle oil and cheese were delicious.  I think we'd go back.  But probably not on a Saturday evening.p.s. - incredibly noisy.  just be aware :-)
2	If you order a whiskey from the menu, be prepared to pay $2 extra by default.  Unless you specify "just a shot."  With ice?  That'll be $2 extra.  Without ice ("neat")?  That'll be $2 extra.   "That's how all bars do it!"  Uhhh...."We really recommend this new beer we've got..."   p.s. it's $17 for 10oz.Yeeeahhhhh.......    that's the end of that.
2	I've been to Industry a couple of times now and I am unimpressed. While their beverage selection is fantastic, their service, and their food leave a lot to be desired. During my last visit, I ordered the Worker Burgher. It looked pretty fantastic. On the first bite I didn't care much for the bun. However, the meat patty was amazing. Perfectly seasoned, properly cooked, succulent. the onions and the goat cheese were perfect complements. I felt like finally I had found something I could get on board with food wise  at this place. (I had the Reuben previously and I'd never order that again.) then it all when downhill. On my third bite, I found a twsity tie inside of my hamburger. While our server and the manager both apologized and my hamburger was comped, I found little enjoyment finishing my meal. Perhaps it was my psyche, but I didn't feel so great later on that night. I was experiencing some pretty terrible stomach cramps for the rest of the evening. While I find the ambience of the place to be pretty cool, I think I'm gonna be passing up on future visits. What a shame. I was really trying to like the place.
3	We checked out Industry yesterday for the first time for lunch.  For a Sat lunch they were packed, possibly due to the Pens game that was on.  We did not order any drinks, so while they do seem to have an impressively large drink menu (especially beers and whiskeys) I can not comment on that, but only the food.The special of the day was one pound of wings for half price, so my husband, got a pound of wings with the dry rub.  My husband normally prefers buffalo wings (which they do have) but did say they have a good dry rub.I got the Lucy sandwich, a roasted veggie sandwich with cheese and a vinaigrette on it.  The sandwich was good, but messy as the vinaigrette sauce was runny and just seemed to get everywhere.  Instead of the fries that come with the sandwich, I got a side of mac and cheese instead.  The mac and cheese was great.  Very cheesy.  Almost wished I had gotten an entree size serving of mac and cheese.We also got the loaded fries to split.  The loaded fries come with bacon and cheddar cheese on them.  I would have liked more cheese on them, but the fries were good.The service was lacking.  Granted, I know they were busy, but my husband had to wait 5-10 minutes for his soda, and we had to even remind our server about it.  When we finally paid the check we again had to wait 5-10 min for the waiter to even come back around to pick it up so we could leave.Overall I think the place has a nice concept, just needs better service.
3	3.5 - Burger: very consistently cooked juicy, great bun2.0 - Fries2.5 - Pot Roast Sliders: Mashed potato cake? Awesome.  Pot roast could have been more tender and less dry.1.0 - service: often quite slow,  takeout recommended, but let the fries breathe
4	We visited this place today for lunch.  Overall, we were impressed with the quality of the food.  My burger was perfectly cooked and the pot roast fries were quite yummy.  We had the short ribs appetizer and that was really, really good.  My husband had the prime rib sandwich and the truffle gorgonzola fries.  He really liked it.  Our daughter ordered a salad with salmon and she couldn't finish it.  The service at the time of the day during which we went was very good.  The downside is its cold in the bar.I can see that things might get dicey when things get busy.
5	Awesome! Food is delicious, especially the buffalo Mac and cheese and the boar bacon. Drinks are creative and well made. Atmosphere is chill and trendy without being obnoxious. Kind of expensive, but worth it.
3	I wanted to give this place 4 or even 5 stars, but I just cannot.The Not So Good: This place has an awesome drink list.  A full list of tap beers, 2 more pages of bottles.  An awesome list of speciality drinks.  So when J and I came in on a Sunday afternoon and tried to order two separate beers, I was stunned when they didn't have either one of them.  Why tease your patrons with thinking they can get a big selection if they can't?  Also, J got a burger - which was too peppery - and truffle fries.  $17?!?!  Seriously.  That's just too much. The good:  I got an awesome salad called the Hand Looper - onions, oyster mushrooms, beets, goat cheese and shallot vinagrette - all awesome.  I added steak which was cooked perfectly.  All in all, awesome.  The dressing was super light, but still really flavorful and it was on a gigantic bed of fresh spinach.  I think I would go back, but it's hard to say.
4	Great place for cocktails or grabbing a casual bite to eat. Cool atmosphere and anywhere they light drinks on fire is fine by me. I got wine this time around but they were mixing up all sorts of crazy cocktails at the bar (burning wood chips over bourbon, you know the fancy stuff). Extensive beer selection. Our food selections turned out amazing. We started with fries topped with pot roast and gravy. Then, I got a burger (covered with goat cheese, mushrooms, caramelized onions & arugula) with a side salad. Clearly, I wasn't making healthy choices that evening but it was well worth it.Will be going back soon!
4	This place never disappoints.  A very cool space.  Great drinks.  Even better food.  My favorite is the flatbread with chorizo, goat cheese, carmelized red onions and arugula.  Yummy for sure.  They also have tons of TVs, so it's a good place to watch sports.  Check them out!
4	Place was nice .. Bar atmosphere with tv's everywhere you look.. Food was really really good.. Orders were Eliza chicken sandwich ...  And shaved rib eye both sandwiches were outstanding ... The pot roast fries were amazing and reminded me of pouteen .. Only down side was the overwhelming flavor ofSalt
2	Great atmosphere and great drinks. Skip the food though. Every time I've eaten here I was underwhelmed. The cocktails can be hit or miss; when they're made right, they're delicious. Just needs to be more consistent.
2	I've eaten here twice.  The first time I had the burger and fries.  It was excellent.  Tasty and cooked perfectly.  I had a martini that was ok, nothing special.  I recently moved from San Francisco to Pittsburgh and until I had that burger had been unimpressed with the food.Today I had a Bloody Mary that tasted more of hot pepper than anything else.  Other than the picante, it was bland.  I ordered the pot roast.  It came layered with a gloppy gravy on the bottom, then bland mashed potatoes, followed by bland, slightly dry pot roast all topped with crispyish onions.  Typically pot roast is cooked in its own juices and I was expecting that over the meat and potatoes.  On top of everything, the service was quite slow especially considering that the place wasn't very full.I hope the burger is more representative of the food at industry rather than the pot roast.  Not sure if I'll eat here again.
4	HOLY COW was this place LOUD. There are brick walls and really high ceiling so noise really bounces around and is amplified in there. They could really benefit from installing some sound absorbing blocks to make it a little quieter. We were there on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't even that busy and it was still crazy loud. I can't imagine being there on a Friday or Saturday Night.Other than the noise, the food was pretty delicious. My husband and I split a few of the appetizers. We're a huge fan of Burgatory's gorgonzola truffle fries. My husband enjoys them so much that he gets an order all for himself every time we go. So needless to say, when we heard Industry Public House also had Gorgonzola fries, we wanted to try it out.The fries didn't disappoint. They were smothered in melted Gorg! We nearly cleared the whole plate and it was a big serving! We also got the boneless wings, which were different from your traditional boneless wings. These guys were more like striks than the typical chunks of breaded chicken served as boneless. They were also very light on the breading. I think the strip-style made them a little dry, but they were covered in sauce so it didn't deter from the taste too much. I think I still prefer the more traditional boneless wing though.We also got the buffalo chicken macaroni and cheese. All of the flavors were on point. The only complaint I have is that the chunks of chicken were really big and I think it would have been a lot better with smaller pieces that were mixed throughout the mac instead of piled on top. I'd get it again though because who can say no to buffalo chicken mac and cheese? Obviously not this girl. The menu had lots of other items I'd love to try so I think a repeat visit will be in order in the near future.
3	This place is just weird. It felt like they were trying to please too many varied demographics: are they a sports bar? A bourbon joint? Gastropub?  Very loud. Could not hear the person sitting right next to me. Food ok.
2	This place is OK. It is the place for people who don't live in Lawrenceville to go when they come to check out Lawrenceville. In off hours Industry is decent with lots of beers, average pub fair and good service. However, when this place is busy the volume level is deafening and the "tourists" are annoying as hell and you might as well be on the Southside. In short... Go for a beer when it is quite and bail as soon as the crowds start to arrive.
4	New review!So my first trip to Industry was good, I gave it four stars.  The place is loud and the atmosphere is a bit off putting.  The nachos and beers my friends and I had were top notch though and the service was prompt and friendly.Now for round two.  My parents took my wife and I here for my birthday lunch.  We all started with beers and Industry's draught list is expansive and good.  We then ordered popcorn which was full of flavor and perfect for a light appetizer with our beers.  We then all got different burgers.  I got the farmhouse one with cheddar, bacon, and a dippy egg.  The meat was a little dry, but full flavor.  I'd give the burger a 4 out of 5.  The fries however were amazing.  Fresh cut, crisp, and it was an excellent choice to upgrade to fries with pot roast and gravy.  A very filling lunch.  So once again Industry just misses the mark, but I really like the place.
5	Great place for a burger and whiskey! Cute, intimate date night or taking a group of friends, the food and libations won't disappoint. We had the mozzarella appetizer and shared the steak sandwich and burger! It was to die for! We also tried the speciality drinks of smoked bourbon and Lehigh Rock and Rye!! Can't wait to go back!
2	While it's cool that this spot has a giant drink menu to chose from it seems like they are on the more expensive side. The inside has a cool modern "industry" feel, but doesn't really invite me in as a spot I'd want to hang out at for more than a sporting event. I suppose that what's it's good for though. Want a manly drink? They will burn cedar chips over your whiskey to add the smokey taste to a nice drink; Taste like a camp fire! I didn't eat, but friends told me they all loved their food. Even still, the final thought when the check came was "overpriced".
4	I'm not sure exactly what it is about places like this that attract me to them. Oh wait, I DO know exactly what it is. They serve craft beer - in large quantities and with a huge selection!! Over 40 on tap and I'm in heaven sitting there staring at the varied taps, trying to decide what I need next. Notice I said NEED, not want. Yeah, I need. And they fulfill my need quite well here! With their own Industry Public House IPA (YUM!) and a great mix of East End drafts, it's hard for me to get too far down the row of taps.I know they have imaginative cocktails but I don't go there - I do beer. Period. So my review can't address those amazing sounding concoctions that others have referred to in their reviews. I trust they're accurate. But I can tell you that the beer is awesome. And, the atmosphere is so cool! HUGE central bar, brick walls, amazing space indeed. Hard not to love it there. And the food? Oh yes, I've certainly indulged! All that drinking tends to make me hungry! Sure, they have the expected selection of wings, build to order nachos,  even chorizo and jalapeno chili. Great salads and terrific sandwiches including a tasty shaved ribeye. But their "burghers" are what I gravitate to. And yum, they are awesome with some unusual topping choices. Want wild boar bacon? No problem. How about brussel sprouts, bacon and gorgonzola? You got it! I love the Outsourced Burgher with habanero jack cheese, roasted pablano and jalapeno peppers with some tasty lime aioli - you won't be sorry.  Love this place!
4	IPH is growing on me fast. It's mostly what a souped-up pub should be. The beer selection is large and varied. There's also standard macro-brews if you want. They have some great cocktails and extensive collection of straight liquor. The menu is upgraded pub grub. The servers and bartenders are friendly. And the decor and ambiance are what one would expect of a place called Industry. Plus they have lots of TV's showing sports. Yes, folks in Lawrenceville are still allowed to like sports.Let's start with the cocktails. They have one called the Smokestack, where they take whiskey, add a couple other ingredients and then torch some wood and let the smoke infuse into the drink. The differences betwixt the woods are discernible. I believe my friends liked the mesquite the best.Now, on to the truffle fries. Get separate orders or rue the fact that you have to share with others. As we happily munched on our truffle fries one evening, we also looked longingly at another group that had ordered the nachos, which came out piled up at least half foot high with fixin's. (or a more realistic but still high measurement). The burghers (their spelling) are quite good. But last time I ordered a cajun chicken sandwich which came with habanero jack cheese. It was hot. Ridiculous hot. I'm South Asian; my people live for heat. This was hot.As for ambiance and service. I've been quite pleased with the level of attentiveness at the bar. Things might take a smidge longer if you're sitting at one of the high tables; still not that bad. The place does get a bit crowded on a weekend night but, well, if you're expecting a quiet, unobtrusive night, why are you out at a place with the words "Public House" in its name?
2	Sorry, but no. I wanted to like this place so much -- my friend moved right around the corner and I had the highest of hopes this could be a regular place. That will not be happening. Let's start off with the menu. Mine had different prices printed than my friend's. The menus had identical printing volumes at the bottom. We pointed this out to our waiter, who said "Which ever is higher priced is right!" and we were all "Oh, we weren't trying to get cheaper food, just thought you should be aware because people usually want to know what they are paying for food..." Which brings me to service -- I wanted to like our waiter, but he was kind of weird. I don't know if pushy is the right word, but he wasn't congenial and almost seemed annoyed by us not knowing what we wanted the second we arrived. I mean, for real he handed us menus and was like "do you know what you'd like to order?" when we very obviously didn't. He left and came back literally 45 seconds later. After we ordered, my friend's drink sat empty for 20 minutes before we saw the waiter again.I guess here is where I should note that this place was not at all busy, so the drink sitting empty is really inexcusable. Also, for 10 people being in the space, it was incredibly loud. I get that might be a product of the space, but what MIGHT help is not having several TVs blaring different things. And now food. I got pot roast fries. They danced right on the "Wow, this is really salty" and "Wow, this is totally inedible" line. My friend's parents joined us and I didn't want to be fussy and hold them up, so I said nothing. Had it just been my friend and I, they would have been sent back. I rarely think things are overly salted -- these fries appeared to be coated in coarsely cracked sea salt. When I got near to the bottom, I realized that the gravy on the fries had basically made the paper in the basket disintegrate or dissolve -- that's when I just stopped -- who wants paper with their fries? Not me. And now for the TMI portion of the evening. I have a pretty strong stomach with no regular digestive issues. I had the absolute worst indigestion, gas, and bloating after eating here. Worse than when I was 9 months pregnant eating pickled jalapenos on eggs covered in hot sauce with black beans on the side. Seriously. They use something in their food that is not kind to tummies. Or at least mine.
3	I wish I could give this place 2.5 stars because on some days it's a solid 3 and other days it's barely a 2. I live in the neighborhood so the DH and I have popped in frequently just because it's convenient. Nothing on the menu wows me. The mac and cheese is probably the best thing but I usually don't want something that heavy so that leave me a selection that is underwhelming at best. I've had a stellar dirty martini there and I've also had one that was undrinkable. It all depends on the bartender and there is absolutely no consistency. As many have noted, when busy the noise level can be ridiculous. However, on a warm Saturday afternoon it can be nice place to take a break from strolling Butler Street to enjoy a cold, crisp Arsenal House cider (made just a few blocks away) at the bar.
4	I went here on a date on a Thursday night. It was so so loud, we could barely hear each other without screaming. That is definitely my biggest complaint. It absolutely has to do with the high ceilings, which just makes everything seem louder.But the food was awesome, and the drinks were so good. I got the truffle, mushroom, and brie flatbread. It was the perfect size for me, but then again, I was not very hungry. It was the size of a tiny personal pizza. My date got some fries that looked good, but I did not try them.For my drink I got the rock and rye. It came with plenty of ice (I loooooove lots of ice in my drinks!) and it was delicious. It was perfect. And I had two, so I had a little buzz going. Which is great for a date. Ha.But we decided to leave and go to another bar to keep drinking because of the noise.The staff was courteous, but it really was annoying that we had to scream at our server to be heard. I would have liked to have stayed and kept drinking, but oh well. Maybe it is better on like a Monday.
5	This was the best salad i've ever had.
4	While I haven't had a change to try IPH's food, their drinks are easily some of the best in the city.  Great selection of drafts, cocktails, and whisky/bourbon/scotch, etc.  They have an in-house line of contract brews (the IPA is pretty good) and I'd highly suggest trying the smokestack (signature drink) or the smoked bacon bourbon drink (can't remember the name).Not a ton of tables, but the bar itself is absolutely massive (occupying easily 50% of the venue).  I definitely plan on heading back for food the next time I'm in the Lawrenceville area though as every time it has smelt/looked fantastic!
2	Beware the Pittsburgh Foodie-Bubble!We wanted to like this place, we really did.  And we got off to a good start with their house Copper Ale, which is quite good.  The interior theme is also cool, if slightly hackneyed.Had the wings and they were OK, over cooked somewhat, but otherwise good.But then came the service.  Really annoying, employees more interested in each other than the customers.  All too cool to be bothered.  And that also goes to the management, which hovered and did their "supervisor"-thing with the employees, but didn't once scan to see how the customers were doing (would have found many empty drink glasses around the bar).  It never ceases to amaze me how talented some people can be at walking right past you and not engaging eye contact at all.  I won't bore you with the details, because I'm sure you've experienced similar.Then I went to the restroom to find a large hoard of employees milling in the back, more interested in posing than actually doing anything.I hope the restaurant scene in Pgh doesn't become too much of a "scene" as evidenced here. Remember restaurant owners and employees, it's not about you, a restaurant is a service business.  And your customers Yelp.
3	Industry Public House is a solid 3 stars. I wanted it to be 4 stars, but it doesn't quite make it. After drooling over items on the menu like "Wild Boar Bacon" and "Aged White Cheddar", my SO and I opted for a goat cheese flat bread, the farmed out burger, and the Electric grilled cheese sandwich. Portions were very generous - and a good value of pricing. But our meals missed a a "wow" factor despite the ingredients. Good solid food, but not able to hit the mark they were shooting for. The bacon was a little too salty, the cheese a little too bland, the flat bread toppings generous but unbalanced. The service was commendable (on a Wednesday night) and the food was solid good pub food with fair pricing. I wasn't impressed with the margarita, but it's hard to beat a good $4.50 house IPA. They also have a very extensive beer selection (but that's not anything new when you live on the South Side.)If Industry were in my neighborhood, I would probably go back on a regular basis, but as it's across town, it won't have the allure to bring me back unless I'm already in the neighborhood.
4	Good for Lawrenceville.  Neat place trying to be trendy. However, there was no wow factor or lasting impressions from it.  The menu was awkward and difficult to read at first. But you eventually get through it.Food was good.  Fries were surprisingly tasty. Beer selections was pretty good, standard affair. I'd check it our if your in the area.
3	I've been to Industry Public House a few times.  The drink selections are great, and the food is good.  There are so many places to go that have great food, so this place is not first on my list of places to go by any means.  It's noisy inside, but that may be because this place is usually packed.  Overall, Industry is worth trying, but there are better choices, especially for food.
1	Pros:-Some good cocktails if you can get themCons:-Horribly slow service-Bartenders more interested in flirting and gossiping than actually making drinks-Mediocre food-Incredibly loudThis place is an absolute nightmare, I have gone several times since they opened constantly hoping for things to get better but they just keep getting worse.  When you want to order a drink you have to battle to get the bartenders attention and if you order a complicated drink get ready for a dirty look.  The food is very bland with even simple things like boneless chicken bites tasting off.  I have heard rumours they are planning to expand hopefully they start taking advantage of some noise dampening because everything in this place reflects sound instead of absorbing it causing the sound of other peolpes conversations to grow to a roar on a busy night.  Since Tender has opened accrosss the street I see no reason to ever go to Industry again.
4	This is my favorite burger spot in Pittsburgh. I love the beer selection. My only complaint is that sometimes the burger isn't cooked consistently--I always ask medium rare (juicy) and sometimes the inside is raw (rare). I will still keep coming back, but maybe ask for medium- juicy.
4	Food was excellent - I had the Sticky Pig Iron Burgher. Also ordered an Old Fashioned due to their vast Whiskey selection. The bartender made an excellent drink! Only reason I don't give it 5 stars is the fact the service was very slow. It was a Wed. evening and not very busy. I would return the next time I'm in town.
5	This place is incredible.My husband and I love visiting Lawrenceville during our yearly visits home, but had never ate at a restaurant. Usually we stop for a coffee and cupcake at Dozens and explore the quirky shops. This day, we happened to be starving and were on the lookout for a place to eat. As soon as I saw the Industry Public House and looked inside I wanted to check it out, and I'm so happy I did!My husband is a huge craft beer fanatic and his eyes popped when he saw the number of taps! Im sure he tried two or three with his meal - I didn't keep count. Right away, I LOVED the fact that I had several vegetarian options to choose from. I was between the Company Salad (mixed greens, granny smith apples, gorgonzola, dried cranberries, red onion, candied pecans and balsamic vinaigrette) and the Lucy Furnace. Being on vacation, the indulgent side of me won and I went with the Lucy Furnace sandwich (portabella, tempura zucchini, watercress, chard sweet onion and ricotta salata). Holy smokes was it good!! Surprisingly, my husband ordered the macaroni and cheese - which he dubbed "the best he's ever had". My mom will be upset. Thanks a lot Industry Public House.
3	I've been here over a dozen times. The food is always good, really good actually. The cocktails and draft list are solid. Really good bourbon cocktails if that's your thing.This place would be a 5 star joint if it weren't for one thing - the service. The service is terrible. Out of the 12+ times I've been here I think I've had good service maybe once.- bartenders seem annoyed mostly anytime you place an order- they don't have enough bartenders on staff given the complexity of some of their cocktails (this is probably why they are annoyed when you ask for them)- servers are meh. I was there once with a friend who gave a server a $20 to pay for a $5 beer. The server never returned with change.- food is sometimes really slow, the pacing also isn't right if you get apps (things some out at the same time or apps come out after your food).I do like this place, and I'm sure I'll be back. However, if you're a person who gets annoyed easily be lack-luster service just avoid this place. Everyone who works here gives off a bad vibe. Also, avoid this place like the plague on Friday and Saturday nights. It's slammed.
3	You know how you felt about the Buccos prior to this season? Like, you kept going to games, because you know in your heart there's something you love, but every time, they lost, and you went home feeling a little pang of heartbreak?That's kind of how I feel about Industry.I've been a handful of times now, and each time it is *almost* so good that I can't wait to go back. Buuuuuuuut not really.Okay. Let me try to explain it this way: I order a small plate. It arrives. I'm super pumped! I love small plates! I take the first bite - damn, that's good! Second bite - oh wow, still good, but this is so rich! Third bite - oh, who cares how rich it is, it's delicious! Fourth bite - OH I AM STUFFED I CANNOT HAVE ANOTHER BITE.Like, HOW DOES THIS HAPPEN ALL THE TIME?? WHERE IS MODERATION?Every time. Every time, I am so excited to eat here, and then I take one bite too many and I'm just done.If you're a beer-drinker, they've got a ton of variety. I don't do the beer thing, so I stick to their cocktail menu, which is quite nice. I particularly like the fresh-fruit-based drinks like the Rhuby Rhuby Rhuby and Fisheye. The Smokestack is their signature cocktail, and while it's majestic to watch in production, it's not my favorite to drink.Service has consistently been good, although we've only ever sat at the bar.My favorite food choices thus far have been the mushroom & goat cheese flatbread and the bacon. Those were the best balance of flavor and not-making-you-feel-like-Mr.-Creosote-ness. I am in serious love with the filament truffle fries, BUT only the first two bites. After that, I want to slip into a food coma and sleep it off.Industry's all right by me. I'm starting to learn my limits there, so I don't mind popping in from time to time. A round and a small plate split between a few friends - that's a decent reason to come back.
2	Good selection of beers and spirits but one of the worst services in PGH. Food is ok.
3	Always happy with the main courses, but stay away from the apps (not worth the money/wait).
4	Another night in Lawrenceville spent watching sports and this is the place to go.  They have a great beer selection and tasty menu.  The bar is huge, the seating area is spacious and there are lots of big screen TVs!  It can get really crowded so I recommend making reservations. Our waitress took about 15-20 minutes to come to our table to take our drink order however it was very crowded with many parties getting seated at the same time. She apologized profusely claiming there was a mix-up with servers and made up for it the rest of the night. The beer menu has a great selection of drafts and bottled beer. I choose Blue Point Pumpkin and the waitress was kind enough to ask if I would like cinnamon and sugar on the rim-yes please!  The menu slightly changed since my last visit and I was disappointed that they took off the pot roast sliders but a pot roast entree is still on the menu. I went with the roast beef sandwich which had gruyere cheese and came with a delicious au jus sauce and I was not disappointed!
3	First: this place has a lot of potential.  My experience was mixed, but it wouldn't take much to turn Industry Public House into a consistently awesome experience.Pros:*The ambiance is fun.  It's a nice bar inside.  It's not to fancy, but not a dive either.  People have their space, and you could bring a date or a group.*The bar is well stocked.  Some drinks are a little pricier, but others are fair.  I can't imagine someone not finding several drinks they like among the offerings (especially if you like whiskys, but there's plenty of alternatives as well).*The menu has something for everyone.  And maybe more than one something.  It was hard to make just one selection.*Good sandwiches.  I tried two, and they were both delicious.  In fact, I'm salivating for want of another sandwich just typing this review (and I take my sandwiches very seriously).*Our server was delightful as well--friendly, knowledgeable, warm and welcoming.Cons:*The service (and time to food delivery) was very slow.  I don't really blame my waitress, though, as they seemed to be quite understaffed.  Maybe it was a fluke, and maybe management doesn't keep enough people in the rotation.  If I go back and get more information, I'll post an update.*The french fries were a disaster.  They seemed to be fresh cut, but mine were just drowning in grease and salt.  I could barely taste the potato, and I could only eat a few before downing an entire glass of water.  This should be VERY easy to fix, though, as soon as the kitchen is alerted to the problem (maybe even by reading my review...?).*I think they could probably make more money by lowering drink prices in a few categories (like whiskys), as people like me would visit a lot more.  Right now I'd definitely love to return for maybe a sandwich and a beer, but I wouldn't want to spend a night of drinking at Industry Public House.  It would just cost more than comparable (or maybe even slightly better) experiences elsewhere.
3	Awesome little joint in Lawrenceville. Burghers here are a must- I had the Farmed Out burgher-- I was sold on the wild board bacon (thicker cut, not as crispy as your run of the mill pork bacon). I had the side salad which was nicely dressed. Huge fan of their ginormous beer list and dove heard first into PGHness and had a beer called a Pittsburgh Dad by Full Pint. Biggest downer? Very few descriptions of the beers exist on the beer menu, which unfortunately you can't leave to your server (in my case, Sophia) to remember tidbids about. She was attentive anyways but oh boy, if you have a beer list that big, I would half expect these people to be somewhat excited to talk about beer.
3	I can never decide if I really want to like Industry or really want to hate it.PLUSES: +Good food.  Try just about any sandwich.+Excellent beer selection+The best bourbon list in Pittsburgh.  If I didn't like bourbon so much, I'd never go back.  The Smokestack is super amazing.+Like pretty much every bar in Pittsburgh, the game is always on.  There is especially good TV placement here.CONS:+The service is spotty.  I've had to wait 45 minutes for a drink at at 5:30pm on a Wednesday when there were maybe 8 people at the bar.  I've also had a server profusely apologize for food took a few minute longer than expected when we weren't even all that concerned about it.+The crowd.  Seriously, the crowd.  There are a lot of my-loafers-cost-more-than-your-car bros here.  I absolutely never again will go here without at least one male in the group to repel the bros.
4	Still a solid 4 stars at Industry.  I had the Cluck House and I was nervous about the combination of pear, raspberry jalapeno jam, confit chicken, but it was done perfectly.  Fantastic beer selection, only thing keeping it from a 4 star was the sometimes longer than usual wait for your drink and the fact that the side salad I got with my sandwich was literally just lettuce.  Really, just lettuce and dressing.  For some reason this really bugged me.
4	Probably one of the best burgers I've ever had.  Also, the vegetarian Lady Furnace is equally delicious.  I'm allergic to mushrooms so they have always politely removed these from my order.The fries, while I appreciate the fresh cut nature, are usually dry, overdone and hard to consume.  The service -spotty.  I've had some wonderful male barstaff and female servers. BUT - I've also had female barstaff that seem oblivious to the fact that you're sitting there waving your hands trying to order a drink or food while the bar is not remotely busy.  Don't understand what gives, I'm usually there with any random friend male or female.....I don't have warts on my face....The tap list is ever changing, so I can appreciate the selection.  The whiskys are also grand and yeah, some are pricier but still, not bad for a trendy location.I'm giving it a 4 just because the burger alone is the reason to visit, otherwise it'd would be a 3 for the spotty service.
5	Great beer tap selection. Great food. Love the industrial Pittsburgh atmosphere. And they've just expanded their space!
5	Love this place! Never had a bad meal or drink here. I make it my goal to try something new to drink and eat each time that I come here. I've enjoyed all of their flatbreads, the arsenal salad, the poutine style fries and their nachos with chili added are divine!!
4	Industry Public House is a few blocks from my residence in Lawrenceville so my fiance and I like to stop in here when we don't feel like cooking and looking for a quick bite to eat. Industry sort of has this Jekyll and Hyde persona. On weekdays and nights it is sort of low key, not too crowded, with people sitting at tables quietly eating dinner and some guests at the bar watching whatever game is on one of their 20 or so TVs. But on the weekend its an entirely different story. Industry is sort of following the trend of what I like to call the Butler Street weekend; tons of young drunks flocking in to the neighborhood from the universities and other nearby neighborhoods looking for places to party. On the weekends places like Industry pack them in and keep the party going.That being said, my fiance and I prefer the former, but understand the Industry's need for the latter. The food here is really good. Think bar food themes, but amped up with top notch ingredients. You can't go wrong with the Mac and Cheese, Pot Roast, and most of the sandwiches are top notch. The only entree that I have been slightly disappointed with has been the IPA battered fish sandwich which was slightly too salty.On the bar side of things the beer list is top notch with lots of local brewery selections and the whiskey list is one of the better ones I've seen in the city. The only issue that keeps Industry from getting 5 stars is the service always seems to be so-so. Nobody ever seems too excited to take your order and the waitstaff isn't always prepared to answer questions about the menu. Some of the bartenders are very personable while others not so much. By no means is the service terrible, but making a little extra effort on this front could raise Industry to a 5 star sorta place.
4	I've been to IPH a few times, and I really like it.  While the menu isn't large, and sometimes it takes me a while to decide what I really want to eat, I still think it's one of the more interesting places to eat in Pittsburgh right now.  The burgers really are exceptional.Where it rocks is with the drink menu - if only time, money and inevitable drunkeness weren't an issue!  I'll be back, but I also look forward to the menu continuing to evolve.
3	For the first time ever, I had a horrible experience at industry.  We were seated in the new room off to the side, which was nice looking, but cramped. The place was busy as usual, but the service was horrible. Our waitress barely acknowledged us most of the night.  What would normally be an hour-long meal turned into two and a half hours of sitting around. Just about every beer out party requested from the list was gone (we were told that the list was very outdated). With a selection like theirs, the draft list should be updated daily. When our food came, mine was barely warm and. My fries were tiny scraps of cold leftover fries. Another person at the table had a hot meal with normal-sized fries. The waitress barely stopped by and we ended up only getting two beers each. Two beers in 2.5 hours? I couldn't even maintain a nice buzz. There were no apologies for the delays and, in fact, we sat there with the table cleared for the last half hour and finished out jug of water before she came back and asked if we wanted the check.  I know she was busy, but that service is unacceptable. Especially after noticing the wait staff sitting around bitching about how busy it was and one of the kitchen staff was standing around at the urinal in the men's room talking on the phone about how busy they were.  If it's so busy, get out there and get things caught up.  Is Industry getting too big for its britches?
4	I recently went with a friend on or monthly dinner out and had a great dinner Abbe several great beers. The was a wide range of beers on tap and even more in bottles. The dinners we ordered were tasty and delivered in a good amount of time. We were also entertained by the drink smoking process that was going on near us. Very fun to watch it being done! My only complaint was that there was a big group there that clogged the entrance..but once we got around them the whole experience was positive!
4	this place was the perfect addition to lawrenceville aside from the occasional obnoxious drunk-and-wild on a Saturday night crowd, this place is perfect for a good meal and cocktail. any burger or item with bacon can't go wrong here.
5	Went here for dinner after the Globetrotters last night. The space was nice, and though I normally do not like bar stools, I found these to be pretty comfortable and the tables where a good height for me when I chose not to sit down to be able to still eat and drink without problems. Also I don't suggest this for a first or second date when you are trying to get to know someone because it is loud, but they also have an awesome selection of music, which is fun to sing along to. Our waitress was great.  Sometimes she would forget something, but always realized when she returned to the table and immediately retrieved it. The cocktail list is wonderful and I had a Cohesion which was like a kicked up last word which is one of my favorite cocktails!They also have Aresenal cider on tap which my hubby partook in. The food is the real knockout though! We ordered the Blast Pig Burger and the Cluck House with the express understanding that we where sharing.  Though the cluck house was delicious and very well made it may as well have not existed after the first bite of the Blast Pig Burger. This was literally the best burger either of us has ever eaten in our lives! I loved it.  It was perfectly cooked and the best amalgamation of toppings I could have ever thought up.  I can't wait to go back, and normally I would say try more of the menu, but chances are it will be very hard to get me away from ordering this most perfect burger.  We also ordered the donut holes for dessert.  The donuts where delicious. They where perfect.  They where also huge and I still have a few hanging out for a snack today.Go here! It is worth it!
1	Terrible service. Never anyone around to help. Food was just ok  fries soggy. Took 10 minutes to get mustard for out burgers. Beers were flat.  Will never come back. So many other great places in Pittsburgh. This place is a complete waste of your time
5	Smoke stacks. Enough said. Highly recommend these whiskey drinks. Great beer selection and good burgers/pot roast fries.
5	I find myself coming here much too often as of lately.  It's been very cold and frosty and nothing warms me up better than a smoke stack.  This is a whiskey drink that makes me want to just sit there in a sweater and wool socks and watch all the hipsters pedal by while sitting in the comfort of this cozy gastropub.  Every attention to detail has been paid.  From the lighting and decor to the unique menu and classy cocktails, this place is fancy but it's not, because it's still in pittsburgh, so you can go and relax.  If you go, ask for Jess as your server because she's super nice and patient.
1	Getting kicked out as I type this. A group went out for my sisters birthday. As the party grew the waitress got more and more annoyed. The manager gave us a time limit to be here. We were all buying food and drinks. I've never been kicked out for being a patron. We were ready to drop tons of money and enjoy the night. None of us are ever coming again.
5	Great atmosphere for drinks with friends on the weekend. The smokestack--smoked wood chips (flavor of your choice) and whiskey is so unique and fun to watch being made. If you aren't a bourbon fan they also have a wide selection of cocktails and almost 50 brews on draft. Had a great time there Friday night, and I will definitely go back.
3	Food is pretty good, drinks are excellent but pricey, and service is good if it isn't packed.  When its packed its hard to hear and hard to get a drink. However, the atmosphere is fun and inviting. I say go if you have some dollar bills to spare and are looking for a good time.
1	This is a garbage bin of an establishment. This is nu-soufside. This is the enemy of culture in Pittsburgh.Look. they have a "big" tap list. It's HUGE guys. CMON. THEY HAVE LIKE OVER 20 TAPS OK? But the selection is mega stereotypical PGH sad face "seen it 100 times before" fair.Whatever.Lets move onto food.Hmm..I'd really be in the mood for a..WHAT!!! A 15 DOLLAR HAMBURGER? JESUS CHRIST YOU HAVE TO BE HUNGOVER AND JUST SMOKED A CIGARETTE BECAUSE THAT TOILET BOWL SAYS YOU'RE SH***** me.Man. That pricing is balls.soup. But hey, it's a Friday night and..oh NO I CAN'T HEAR ANYTHING BECAUSE ITS PACKED AS HELL IN HERE AND THEY ARE PLAYING LOUD CLUB MUSIC SO IT'S COOL RIGHT?Whew. Well ok. Maybe I can talk to some of the locals to see how they feel about..Oh...wait..you just called the middle Eastern guy behind me a terrorist? Wow. Ok. And your friend just said that black people "get everything" for free. Cool dawg.THIS IS MY SH**************************************T.
2	The service here just is not good. It doesn't matter if they are busy or slow, the service will always take way longer than necessary. I have been here about half a dozen times and it's underwhelming.Decent place to watch a game. Industry has about 15 TVs. The food is bar food, and is simply OK. Extensive draft selection, but what bar in Lville/Bfield DOESN'T have that these days?We went one day at 4 pm, only to be "greeted" by a snippy hostess inquiring if we had a reservation. A reservation? For 4 pm? For a sports bar? Naaaah. We promptly left.
4	We were actually planning a night out at Arsenal Cider House, but they were closed so a friend recommended Industry.  I'm not hipster enough to be hanging out in Lawrenceville (at either location, really) but I was pleasantly surprised by Industry. There was a good mix of clientele, which made me feel less out-of-place. The beer selection was great, with lots of local choices, but on the expensive side. I had (a few sips of) a $10 dollar cocktail, but it was too much/strong for me. I guess this is good considering it was $10, but I just couldn't get past the flavor. My friends were able to get past it just fine... multiple times. We didn't personally order the smoked whiskey, but a lot of other patrons partook. Fun to watch. The food however was really hit or miss. My friends ordered burgers and had no complaints, but I got buffalo mac & cheese and it was just downright bad. All and all, I'd go back if for no other reason than really liking the look/feel of the place + their beer selection.
1	This place sucks. I have had consistently poor service from snobby, shitty bartenders who would rather stand around talking shit than help a thirsty and hungry patron. Avoid this place.
4	I've been to this place twice. And it has a New York feel to it. If any of you have ever been to a bar in NY, then you know that type of atmosphere. It's more of a chill, relax and socialize type of bar. I've only had the burgers every time I've been there and it is pretty good. especially after you've had a few drinks consumed. Drinks aren't too pricey because they are bringing in a certain atmosphere and technique to how they craft and serve their drinks. I would recommend any drink they offer where you get to watch them burn wood chips over the glass. Really cool looking and quite a unique flavor is added. Don't listen to the haters on here complaining about this spot. It's a nice place to chill.
1	Just awful.First of all, I had a terrible-tasting hamburger here. Do you know how hard it is to make a hamburger taste bad? Making them exceptional is an art, sure, but use any kind of decent beef and it'll taste good. That means they're using sub-standard beef and trying to mask it with fancy dressings. Their cocktails are wildly overrated. Oh, so there's smoke in it? Cool - if it didn't just drift away instantly. Their draft list is impressive, but the place is so packed and loud that you can't enjoy it. The design is nonexistent, and whatever cool the brick walls and edison lightbulbs contribute is obliterated by the gigantic TVs covering every conceivable surface. Another instance of a sports bar masquerading as a gastropub, only with terrible food.I also know it's not really fair to judge a restaurant by its clientele, but the day that Industry opened, the tenor of that stretch of Butler street changed. Now on Fridays & Saturdays it feels like the South Side, and not in a good way, with loud drunken arguments and dudes arguing over parking spots.I will say that the staff has always been very pleasant, so good for them. But this place is the worst, and it makes me fear for the future of Lawrenceville (and Pittsburgh) when this is the kind of restaurant that succeeds here.
3	I live right down the street from Industry and have been here a few times. When it's busy it sucks... A few weeks ago I was here with some friends, hostess said there was a 45 min wait and we said we would wait at the bar and to get us when table is ready... Went back an hour later and our name was erased from the board! I was so mad. The hostess was pretty snobby too. We finally got sat and had to wait 1 and half hours for our food! But when it's not busy, it's awesome! The food is great and I love the atmosphere... I have had the pierogi flat bread which is awesome and the late night bagel.. The macaroni and cheese is overpriced and really not that great...disappointed.
4	It seems that most of the reviews here are very polemic, either you love or hate the place. I have to say that I lean more towards the former. I actually am a pretty big fan. I've been here 3 or 4 since it opened and have always enjoyed the cool, mature, sophisticated vibe here. I really enjoy the crowd that it draws in Lawrenceville, mostly younger professional people. The tap list here is quite extensive, and the variety and diversity of the liquor menu is incredible. You will find bourbons here that you probably can't find anywhere else in the city. I was actually here when the ball dropped on New Year's, and while the place was crazy, I still enjoyed the crowd and drinks, and the bartenders were still able to keep up (and even serve a free glass of champagne to everyone at the bar!). I have to say that I've never tried the food here, so I'm far overdue to sit down for dinner sometime. Unfortunately, it's become a madhouse on the weekends now because of novelty and word-of-mouth, so for a meal I'll definitely need to stop in sometime during the week. I love how this place has carved out its own niche at the perfect location on Butler.
2	We came here for the bacon. Wild boar bacon and candied bacon. Well worth it!  In fact the industry IPA is very good too. Also truffled fries with Gorgonzola cheese were very good. Very rich!  A cool looking bar that fits the name. Service is more the suspect. The bartender looks more interested in taking stock of the beer coolers than actually helping people. She is very nice but inattentive. Had to flag her down several times. Then a different bartender came and gave me a tab charging me for an extra drink. But bacon bacon bacon!
2	Terrible service, waited forever for our food.  Food was mediocre....definitely not worth the high prices for a hamburger.  The finale was the waitress screwing up the bill.  Most likely, will never come back to this place or would recommend it to friends.
2	I'm in a bowling league at Arsenal Lanes, and my team was meeting here every week for happy hour before we roll. We tried to dine here three different times, and every time our bills were messed up, food was forgotten and took forever, and when we were finally fed it was cold or bland. They have really nice specials ... but I would have rather paid full price to have things done right. The bar-tenders were forgetful and not attentive at all ... and they weren't even busy! I really want to like Industry, but it just hasn't proven itself to me. I'll probably give it another shot at some point, but it's not going to be any time soon. For now, we've taken our pre-bowling business to New Amsterdam and have been quite happy.
5	Looking at the mixed reviews here, it seems I caught Industry on a good night. My general thoughts: "This place is serious business."Started off with a Smokestack. If you're a whiskey drinker, this is a must. Choose your whiskey, choose the wood, and let them do the rest. I just had Maker's, but the drink was fantastic. If we were there for beverages and not dinner, I easily could have spent the evening experimenting with various combinations. I have to give props to a place whose whiskey list rivals their beer and wine lists. The gorgonzola fries are also a must. The fries themselves were excellent. Well seasoned, crispy, cooked through. But the gorgonzola on top? As Myron Cope would say, "Yoi!"I had the Lucy Furnace portabella sandwich. It was tasty, fairly standard (let's be honest, there's only so much you can do with a portabella sandwich). The only problem was that gravity worked against me, and I ended up having to eat the sandwich with a fork. C'est la vie!We were there on the earlier side of dinner, but were quickly seated and I have no complaints at all about the service. I will absolutely go back.
1	This is a South Side bar in Lawrenceville and defines everything bad that is becoming of the neighborhood. Garbage overpriced food with a crowd of aging frat boys drinking boring drinks. Go to any other restaurant on butler st and it will be better. You are kidding yourself if you think this is well made food. The staff seemed annoyed and angry to be there. I'll be amazed if this place is still around in a few years.
4	Love their cocktails! I eat their burgers without the meat, and they still tasted good! It felt very new yorky
2	I like the bar, the beer and like the food, but beware of the anti-kid attitude.  6:30 on a Monday evening.  They have closed off 2/3 of the restaurant, and all the tables are taken.  Hostess directs me, my wife, and my 10-year-old to the (3/4 empty) bar where we are immediately rousted with a "no kids at the bar!"  Discussion with the manager did not lead to any satisfaction:  they are happy to take our money as long as we sit ... there! Not there!  I suppose this might be a five-star review for someone objecting to sitting next to a 10-year-old (though he would have been pinned between us), but for us, it was clear that we were not welcome.  Fair enough: lots of other choices.  Ironic aspect: it was the 10-year-old who insisted on Industry due to the bacon appetizer. Families beware!
2	Great drinks and beer selection. Also a great bar to watch games at. Unfortunately the night I went, the bartenders were very rude and cold. It took them ten minutes to ask us what we wanted to drink, when the bar was half empty. When I asked about the specialty drinks the bartender rolled her eyes and vaguely explained to me what the smoke stack drink was. All in all cool bar, bad service.
3	I want so badly to love this place. It's got a terrific look; the space is really killer with so much potential. But, the potential is kind of squandered on the food and drinks. The foods aren't bad, per say, just overly heavy. The drinks remind me of that admittedly very smart freshman who thinks they know more than their professor because can throw around the word 'Marxism.' The cocktails are definitely rather inventive, but more gimmick than substance. For example, the idea of infusing a drink with cedar smoke is neat, and it looks cool in motion, but the drink itself really pales in comparison to the process.
5	The pot roast is amazing!  Service was amazing on such a busy Friday night.  One of the best places to eat or drink in the Lawrenceville area.
4	Fantastic drink selection,  a well thought out cocktail menu, and reasonable food.  The supper dishes are a bit lacking in vegetables, but the 20 some things here don't need the carrots.  They have dual walls of TV screens for sports games, but it isn't trying too hard to be a sports bar.  The staff are attentive and are not overly hipsterish.  Good place to take a date who enjoys cocktails.  The place is medium loud but not so loud you need a cochlear implant to hear your dining partner.
3	Tavern food that's decent but not much above a chain like TGIF or Chili's. The salads are tasty but ingredients are sized for mouth of mammoth - requiring professional knife skills to retain everything in the serving bowl. Too much work offsets the enjoyment factor. The lamb wrap was just not good at all. But decent beers on draft. And loud so good for both big (drinking) groups and small children alike! Service was very friendly but everything took a long time to get to the table, probably not the servers fault but likely a function of how everything in the back of the house is set up.
4	I love this place!! The ambience on weekends is great and the food is very good too. I would give it 5 stars if the service was better but delay is kinda expected with that many people. Try the Steakhouse burger, it was gooood!Also, they have a couple of rooms that I think can be used for private partys.
2	Could the service here be any worse? Seriously, the absolute worst. The one bartender looked at my empty glass and walked away. The other asked me if I wanted anything and didn't even look at my wife or her empty glass sitting 3 inches from mine. Haven't been here in months, and won't be back for months. Allegheny Wine Mixer is a billion times better and right up the street.
3	Industry is good, but not great. They have good food, good beer, good cocktails, and a good environment.  They are just good when they should be great.The food is very hit and miss. Sometimes the dishes are over sauced, other times they are perfect.  My fries this time had way too much cheese. My sandwich was perfect. Last time my sandwich had way too much aoli.The smoke stack cocktails are amazing. If you like smokey, they can't be beat.My recommendation for Industry is to go early. The place gets way too loud way too quickly. They need sound dampening or something. I typically have to start shouting by 8pm.
4	I really enjoyed my time at Industry.  The atmosphere was great especially on a beautiful night in Pittsburgh with the big windows open.  I saw many different groups around the bar and I think anyone would feel welcome here.The bartenders that I interacted with were very good, except for about a 20 min stretch when it got busy and it was difficult for me to get another drink order in.  They were more than willing to offer us samples of different beers to help us decide.  I'm not much of a bourbon fan, but their list was impressive.  If that's what your looking for, you won't be disappointed.  The craft beer selection, on the other hand, was impressive as well.  After fantastic Green Bullet from Green Flash, I decided to try their own Copper Ale.. Not so much.  I won't be having that again.  They also had a number of bottles to choose from.After some nice service and craft beers, the food was pretty average.  I thought the burger was pretty high priced for what I got.  The fries were fresh cut, but were like any other fries.  I would really like to come back for the atmosphere and try some other items from the menu.
4	I came here for a drink after bowling and decided, due to the recommendation of my date, to get The smokestack. They had a very big selection of whiskeys and about 10 wood chip flavors to choose from. I am a huge fan of whiskey so I was quite excited. It was really great to watch the bartender make it right in front of me as well. The drink was delicious! So if you are a fan of whiskey I would 100% recommend you try the smokestack.
2	Dear lord!  I feel badly for doing this, but after a negative first experience ( which, btw, was during Art All Night, so that I gave them the benefit of the doubt), I decided to give them a second chance. Not good, my friends, not good.  A late Sunday afternoon, it was. They were not busy. It was my pals bday. We just wanted some brews and sustenance. We were ignored, ill served (cold, icky food/several times), and left to fester. Their space and location are so amazing! Why?!?  Why, is the service so poor?  I shan't give them the "third times a charm" chance.
4	Ate here recently. Enjoyed the candied bacon and had a great burger! Not  a huge fan of the seating. It can get loud as they pack in a lot of people at small tables.
5	Really good whiskey and beer selection to choose from along with a unique menu. Definitely try the smokestack cocktail if you like smokey flavors and an awesome experience service was good and environment was just what you would expect from a public house! Don't miss if you are in the area!
4	Lawrenceville is the place to be in the Burgh and the Industry Public House is no exception. I recently visited on a humid Wednesday afternoon and enjoyed the open floor plan of the bar and restaurant. The decor of the restaurant reminded me of an updated 21st century prohibition style saloon which seems to be very in vogue at the moment. The drink menu at Industry is quite extensive especially for those who enjoy craft beer, but even if you don't want to drink an IPA from Colorado, the cocktails are also impressive. The food at Industry is definitely tasty and pairs well with the alcohol (let's be real the main attraction). I enjoyed the truffle fries as an appetizer which were served promptly, and the Worker Burger. I definitely would recommend the Industry Public House to anyone passing through the neighborhood - especially, on a hot summer night.
5	Best chili I've ever had.  Though it was a little too spicy for my taste, I like that it's just beans and ground meat with a hint of sweetness.The drink selection is huge, and the restaurant is sleek and stylish.This place in a gem in Lawrenceville.
2	We stopped by on a Sunday at 4 pm in the afternoon. The place was fairly empty. We were seated and then waited and waited and then waited some more for our waiter... after 15 mins passed I walked up to the hostess to very nicely enquired where our waiter was. Another 5 min went by and our waiter finally dropped by with some water. I ordered a White Wiggle Whiskey but it turned out not only had they run out of that type but they had no stocks of Wiggle Whiskey left at all. Lucky for my friend his beer was available yet took nearly 10 mins to arrive at our table. I had been to Industry Public House before on a Thursday night and had a great time. The place was packed yet the service was great. Not sure what happened this time but it was a definite fail.
4	Pot roast fries are to die for. Great vibe and decor. Lots of beers on tap. Prices are a bit on the expensive side. However, portions seem to be big. It's a great place to hang out after work or to just grab a drink with friends.
4	We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and it was pretty empty. My friends and I decided to share some of the food and ordered the shrooms flatbread and fries with blue cheese and truffle oil. The shrooms flatbread had the right amount of mushrooms and goat cheese and the argula on top cut through the creaminess of the cheese. The blue cheese and truffle oil combination was great with the fries. I also loved the feel of the place and the decor made me feel like I was in a speak-easy. The only one downside of my excellent experience was the service. My waitress was not attentive at all even though there weren't that many people there and took a long time to bring our check over.
2	Industry is right down the street from my office, so it's a frequent destination for lunches, happy hours, and the like.Unfortunately, it consistently fails to deliver in a number of ways, including:1. Service is always sloooowwww. On occasion, it's unbearably slow. My most recent lunch, it took over an hour to bring out dishes... and we almost just walked out.2. Twice now at lunch, I've ordered the chicken breast entree. BOTH times, only after waiting for everyone else's food has started coming out, they've come by to tell me that they were out of chicken breasts. Each time, I instead opted for a salad -- for which, surprisingly enough, they happened to have chicken breasts!3. They upcharge for drinks to be served neat and claim this is a standard practice.In total, I'm thinking my coworkers and I will start heading elsewhere for lunches and happy hours in the future. This place is pretty disappointing.
2	This place is always a let down. It is a cool space, and has a good drink selection but that is about all it has going for it. The service is always painfully slow. The staff aren't that friendly. The food is overpriced, and of really poor quality.  I have ordered wings a couple of times and they have tasted freezer burned every time, and had hardly any meat on them - fried bones that they tried to charge $12 for.
5	Perhaps the best gastropub in Pittsburgh.  Industry used to be extremely crowded, but after the expansion, no more.  The menu has suffered after the loss of the habanero chicken sandwich, but for a shorter wait to get in, it is a fair tradeoff.
1	I went here on a blind date once.  My date itself was ATROCIOUS.  However, my food?  Worse!  It was busy, loud, there were children screaming somewhere but I couldn't see them (WHY ARE THERE KIDS IN A BAR??) it was 9 p.m.  I ordered some grilled cheese with bacon concoction and my date ordered some brisket.Let's start there... the grilled cheese was burned, yet also soggy.  The bacon was chewy gummy rubbery and just vomit inducing.  I didn't finish it.  His brisket?  Oh that was dry and completely inedible.  He compared it to chewing those jerky shreds they sell, over salted and dry like leather.Cocktails? Oh lordy lord.  They were watery.  Poorly mixed. Slow to come.  My waiter was a total bro dude who couldn't understand what we were saying because the music was blasting and overly loud.  oh, we wanted to order another cocktail?  No?  The waiter has disappeared?  Oh that's him out front smoking a cigarette and flirting with the scantily clad girl.  That's okay I'll just flag down another waitress and ask for my check.  Oh, I can't do that either?  I need to "wait for my real waiter to get back".  Sure. I'll just sit here for another 45 minutes making awkward and forced conversation.They've now expanded to be even bigger.So a small shit farm is now a humongous factory of utter shit.  Cool. What is this place good for?  Nothing.
4	This place is huge!! Love their decor and just how big their bar is!!! I unfortunately didn't have any of their food on this visit but did have a few draft beers. Their service was super nice and was able to find us extra seats so that we were able to join our party. This was definitely a place to meet up with friends and just spend a few hours. I also like the location of this place, right in the thick of it in Lawrenceville.
4	Really nice bar atmosphere if you're looking to come and hang out in a safe area of Pittsburgh, but unfortunately the service was a little slow when I was here a few days back. It's a good sign, really, because the bartenders were just swamped. Still, I wouldn't recommend coming if you need to head out promptly at a certain time, because it can be difficult to wave someone down & get your bill.Didn't try the alcohol, but I did order a cup of chili--it was awesome! I'd definitely recommend trying it out, though it is a little pricey for the small size (but worth it!)
1	Let us start yesterday evening.Here I was, inside my apartment, comfortable on my couch.  I was on my laptop whenever a noxious smell caught my nose which distracted me from the task at hand: catching up on work.  Trapped in this miasma, I realized my eyes have grown dull from the glare of the laptop screen.  A wisp of introspection curated a revaluation of how I spend my spare time.  My mind was set.I am going to the casino.After fumbling around my couch for my phone, I finally find it.  I attempt to pick it up, but the grease from my fingers makes it fall from my hand and into the cushions of my couch.  Defeat.  Now fighting an uphill battle, I frantically pull it up out of the cushions and fire up the Uber app.  I request my ride.  Then, like a guardian angel from heaven, a heavy-set man with a myspace-angled selfie, Lawerence, was on his way to save me from the tragedy and perils of time mismanagement.  I climbed upon his faithful steed in which he called "Pontiac" -- we rode west.We arrive at the casino.Upon entering the casino, I was immediately overcome by its energetic atmosphere. The lights, the sounds, the money.  My eyes glew green.  I headed over to a Blackjack table where I was greeted by the dealer, a man named "Khem" of an exotic descent.  What was about to happen would change my life forever.  He begins to deal the first hand and in a flash of hits and stands, I found my self with a five-card 21.  What happened?  Not only was my victory secured, but to my surprise, I also won a free t-shirt.  White, extra large, and with "CHEERS TO FIVE YEARS" written on the back.  I am in love.  Fast-forward.  I do well on the table, cash out my winnings, and head home to catch some sleep and bask in my triumph.Next day, 8:00 am: I wake up.The alarm on my phone rings like war drums.  Like a soldier on the front lines of battle, I am fearless, and my thumb strikes the "off" button with the precision of a trained sharp shooter.  I rub my eyes and they come into focus.  The rays of the sun pierce through my windows and illuminate my new favorite t-shirt.  The holy grail.  Excited, I quickly bathe, put on my new favorite t-shirt and run out to my car to begin my commute to work.  I am invincible.  I arrive at work and immediately everyone takes notice of my t-shirt - today is a good day.12:00 pm: Lunch time.After much squabbling and indecision between my deskmates and myself, we finally decide to just go to my car and start driving.  I am determined to find a place to spend my casino winnings while wearing my new favorite t-shirt.  A left turn, a right turn, another left turn - we dive head-first into an excursion of an uncharted frontier that would shake the likes of Lewis and Clark: Lawrenceville.We park the car.Unsure where we want to eat, we pilgrim the sidewalks until we discover our villa: "Industry Public House." We walk in.  After being greeted by the hostess, she guides us to our table and we sit down.Long story short: It took like 40 minutes to get our food and there was like, only four other tables there.  The food was all right, but seriously, 40 minutes, wtf?I accidentally spilled some water on the floor.
3	People go nuts over this place and I'm not really sure why.. I'm not alone in feeling this way, either - everyone I talk to says the same, yet people flock here. There's nothing especially wrong here. The food is good, not bad, not great. The atmosphere is fine, not bad, not great. The prices are way too expensive for so-so food. I think it is good for people who need a lowest-common-denominator type place that everyone in their group will be ok with. Sandwiches are good (too expensive), fries are basic, don't bother getting the nachos.
3	I have wanted to eat at industry for awhile now and finally had the opportunity to this afternoon for lunch. We sat at the bar And waited a good ten minutes before being acknowledged but honestly we were not in a hurry so although I don't think that's great customer service, we were not going to make a big deal of it. We both ordered the industry IPH (it's an IPA) which priced at 4.50 is one of the cheapest (and strongest) beers on the menu. If you like IPAs I'd highly recommend trying this. As for the atmosphere I really dug the industrial vibe-the bar was a really nice stained wood and the chairs were metal and of the "modern" look. As for food we shared two flat breads- the BBQ chicken and the buffalo Mac and cheese. My boyfriend ALso had a cup of the soup of the day-loaded potato. When he asked the bartender what was In the soup she shrugged and said she didn't know but it tasted good this morning. Well he says it was very tasty but I think any server or bartender should know what's in the soup of the day. The BBQ chicken flatbread consisted of chicken, bacon, fontina, and BBQ. It was a (very small) 4 cut pizza which is why we then ordered another pizza to split. And yes I'd categorize these as pizzas and not flatbreads as advertised. Although small it was tasty and each piece was loaded with ingredients. The buffalo Mac And cheese pizza consisted of buffalo sauce, buffalo chicken, and Mac And cheese. It was not overly spicy but had a nice kick . The Mac And cheese was excellent. Each of the 4 pieces was rich with ingredients. While this was also tasty nothing we had was really memorable . I'd like to come back and try some of their sandwiches or a burger. Also we saw someone getting a smoke stack while we were getting ready to leave and it looked very interesting- whiskey, various flavors, then smoked with wood chips. I'd give this place another try but I'm not rushing back.
2	I ordered fish and chips. My girlfriend ordered a smoke stack. Everything was pretty bland, the food was cold but we were in a large group. The chili cheese fries were tasted like they didn't season it at all. Overall I wouldn't come here to eat anything, the drinks were good and so was the service.
4	Great bartender at the "second" bar - aka the one to the left after you walk in. Forget her name but was super friendly and helpful when trying to select a cocktail. Fun and lively atmosphere without being obnoxious. Finally tried the food there on my last visit and was pleasantly surprised! Flatbread was awesome. Great service and experience all around.
1	Industry seems to be a local favorite so I feel guilty writing this but this was one of the worst restaurants I've visited in awhile... And I eat out quite a bit.My mom and I ordered the egg sandwich. It took 40 mins to come to our table during which our server only came by once to tell us it would be out in a few minutes.. 20 mins of it we could see a bunch of dishes just sitting under the heat lamps. When our meals finally came the bagels were rock hard - as in it hurt our teeth to eat it. The fries and the eggs were only luke warm. I am a vegetarian so I asked for the meat to come on the side so my mom could still eat my bacon portion... Well they clearly forgot and picked the meat off afterwards cause it had residue on it. Lucky for them I'm not that anal about my food but in the vegetarian world that is a huge no-no!Will never go back!
1	You may want to avoid Industry Public House if you prefer not dining with VERMIN.Walked in, sat at the bar, ordered a Manhattan, glanced down at the floor and saw a MOUSE!... and then another.  Two mice in less than a minute.  NO THANKS!
3	Really cool atmosphere but the food was just ok and borderline bland.  While I won't go out of my way to eat here again I wouldn't be opposed to give it a second chance.  I will definitely be back for drinks.
3	I haven't been here in about a year and a half and I could feel the difference in time.  I had a nice night, but it wasn't what I remembered.I started out with a beer (appropriately) and it was a little sweet, so maybe it threw off the way I experienced my Tomato Basil Pesto flat bread.  Boy, it was garlicky with a side of garlic.  The crust was very nice, though, and it was the perfect amount of chewy and crunchy for a flat bread.  It did seem a little small, but it was just an appetizer I ordered as my meal.I also felt that items were more expensive than I remembered. $5 for a can of beer is average, but still shocks me every time.
4	Cool atmosphere and motif. The beer list is good and the prices aren't bad. Good selection of food items and the sandwiches are delicious.
4	This is such a cool place.  It defiantly has the whole industrial almost steam punk feel going on.  The lighting is very cool old style bulbs that make you think Edison himself made and installed them.  The tables and chairs around the bar are metal.  This was actually my biggest complaint.   The small metal stools are about 8" square and are just not comfortable at all.  The drink menu is massive.  There are something like 30 different beer on tap, mostly craft.  I tried the house ale and was surprised at how good it was.  It tastes darker then an ale, but really smooth with an almost sweet hoppy after taste.  Very well done.  I also had the pleasure of my first of the season pum-king ale.  It's better this year!  Not as heavy, it's more bright and the aroma is amazing hints of pumpkin and ginger.  The liquor menu is also rather large, with plenty of different kinds of whiskey, scotch, and tequila to pick from.  We tried the smoke stack house bourbon and were very impressed.  Let's face it, fire makes anything better and that's true for this little gem.  They pour your shot, place a screen and wood chips over top, light the chips then let the smoke infuse with the whiskey.  It was amazing.  A must try.  I also tried a mixed drink on the menu called hair of the buffalo.  Came out like a mojito and I enjoyed this as well.  The food actually disappointed me.  I got the "beastloaf."  It's a beef and sausage mix meatloaf that was bland.  The herbed gravy was bland.  The mashed potatoes were bland.  Are we seeing a theme here?  I think I got screwed here because I tried the better half's burger and it was really tasty, so take that for what you will. It's also worth noting service was excellent, the waiter really knew his menu, and everybody seemed really friendly.  All in all I enjoyed my experience and I'd come back with friends.  Nice job, public house!
5	I have been wanting to come here for a few weeks and was finally in the area and in need of lunch. I will admit I wanted a smoked bourbon. I knew going in it might be a gimmick to get people interested in the place and it worked on me. We were seated by the bar at a high top table. It was a few min before our waiter came out and brought waters without me having to ask. This was very nice. He also later brought out a glass bottle of water for the table. Loved this!!! I ordered my smoked bourbon. There is a nice long list of options. I chose a blackberry house bourbon with cherry wood and made sure to ask for them to make it on my side of the bar. It is definitely a fun drink to watch being made. It was finished with a large ice cube and an orange peel. This might have been my favorite drink EVER. Even more then my beloved Samos Nectar. For my entree I chose the Worker Burgher. It was delish. The goat cheese with the caramelized onion was perfect. The fries were just ok. They didn't have much of a crunch and were over salted. I can say they were definitely fresh though. I must give a shout out to our server who was excellent. I've been disappointed with service lately and he restored my faith.  Also I could see the kitchen window and they have a designated expediter. This was nice and I never just saw food sitting in the window. I find it hard to justify going to a restaurant more then once when I'm going out because there are so many great options in the Burgh but this is a place I wouldn't think twice about coming back to.
1	TL;DR: Bartender increased my tip without my knowledge, twice.Went to Industry twice while on a work trip. Service and food were okay, not outstanding but nothing to complain about.While filling out expense reports, I found that on both occasions the bartender increased my tip. On the first occasion by $1, and on the second by $2. I was not being cheap with tips just under 20%. This is actually criminal activity. Anyone who goes here should check their credit cards.
3	Service - 5 starsFood - 4 starsExperience - 2 starsWell, I had heard about this place for some time. I was really pleased when my friends booked it for an event, and was even more impressed when our hosts "comped" us when the plans changed, thanks to the "Pittsburgh Young Professionals" overwhelmed our meager table - hey, I won't complain... I got one of their trademarked SmokeStack beverages out of the deal.I did, however, feel bad for our server, who had to keep running around and making sure that everyone had what they had wanted and paid for - Jesus - that's a drag.Lose the "bar" feel, and jump on the "restaurant" train. Don't let people freeload and stiff the wait staff!!! If you do, I, myself, will patronize other places with our fellows and residents, because I think it sucks to get the short end of the stick!Strive to be better! You have a lot of positive buzz - yearn for improvement!
4	This place is awesome - I gotta admit I've based some of my basement reno project according to this place. The rusty, industrial look from the walls, tables, chairs all the way to the lightning is as cool as it can get.This was only second visit and will not be the last. Besides my appreciation for it's aesthetic - the food here is very good at least from what I've tried so far. We were here for Brunch and I had the Corned Beef Hash and my lady had the Morning Meal. They were both really good but I'd take the Corned Beef Hash over the Morning Meal anytime.However, the service here seemed a bit slower than expected. I'm not blaming the servers - they were very attentive and polite. It's just that the food took some time to get from the kitchen to our table. But I'll take that as a positive thing by assuming it was cooked fresh from scratch :)
4	I wish I could give a 4.5 stars but I cant . I am missing the half star and really its not even a half (it's less than that) because the music would got loud, really loud, a few times it did that but they did turn it down for good as we were finishing our lunch. And the street parking stinks although we got lucky.On with my review...after walking around the zoo me and the hubby had worked up quite the appetite and after a short deliberation chose Industry. I am very glad we did! Yummy! We found a parking spot on the street a few doors down from the restaurant (it is street parking here). We stepped out of the car and were instantly greeted with the wonderful aromas of grilled burgers and tastiness. Oh, did it smell delightful! We stepped into Industry and were greeted by a friendly hostess who promptly sat us. I found the atmosphere very inviting and lofty. I am a sucker for wood floors, tables, and bars with beautiful, brick walls and exposed duct work. I told the hubby if we ever are lucky enough to have a bar in our house I want it to look their smaller one. It was gorgeous wood with the wall behind it a rusted metal, wow! They also had their windows open yet it was very comfortable in the dining room and the road noise was not an issue at all.Now the food...we were waited on immediately by our wonderful waiter who got us water right away. We looked at the menu and made our choices. I picked the Model "T'urkey sandwich. It was a huge, thick, slab o' turkey on bread with lettuce, tomato, Guyere cheese, & garlic aioli. The turkey was succulent and delicious. I also got the pot roast fries minus the onion straws. The fries did not need them. The pot roast was juicy and the gravy, oh my goodness! I would go back just for the fries. The hubby chose the Farmed Out burgher minus the cheddar and minus the BBQ sauce. He thought the burger was done to his standards :) and said he'd go back for it. He got the regular fresh cut fries. He liked those too. Oh, how did I forget...the bacon they had on both of the sandwiches, need I say more than Bacon. And how could we go there and not try a drink. I got a whiskey sour with their house Bourbon whiskey. It was very good.  The hubby chose their copper ale. He liked it a lot. It was fresh and light. We enjoyed our stop at Industry and will visit again!
5	I was really happy with this place.  I came in around dinner on Sunday. The place is beautiful, and it was so clean.  It felt like I stepped into a cozy Lodge somewhere. We were seated quickly, and received friendly service right away.  I love how they do menus, it's super unique but clear and concise.  The selection was great, but I was feelin' Mac and cheese. The way they serve water us really unique - it's in a big glass bottle for you to open and refill as desired. The meal came out very quickly, and it was delicious. The gouda really shines, but what makes it special is the crispy onions on top. I don't even like onions, or much vegetables- generally they're the last thing eaten, and begrudgingly. These were so light and crisp, they were a perfect addition to an already yummy dish. Price is also reasonable, with the Mac and cheese at 12, so in all we have a unique experience, tasty food, and a good price. My wedding anniversary is next month- I'm going to start dropping hints. :)
4	Came in for dinner. Food was excellent ordered a burger..and the green pepper soup..delicious. Drink selection was abundant
3	I've been here once, and it was only for drinks, so I can't comment about the food they serve.I tend to hesitate to go out to the bars in Larryville because I don't feel nearly young or hipster enough to fit in there. Nevertheless, I recently found myself out at Industry Public late one night with some friends. The positives: Love the industrial decor here. Cool lighting fixtures, exposed brick walls, giant garage door windows. I thought it had a very modern, hip vibe, while still feeling welcoming.The negatives: Drinks were super expensive and not great. When we sat at the bar, I asked the bartender to recommend an interesting drink that doesn't taste overwhelmingly like liquor. He said he would concoct something for me, and came back with a margarita (how uninventive!) But apparently it was his "special" margarita, and he went on and on about how he makes the best margaritas, yada yada yada. Well, it didn't taste like a margarita...it tasted like straight up tequila (maybe that's why he thought it was "special"). But I'm not a fan of straight up tequila. So boo for that. My mistake for not being more specific in my order, I guess, but at places that are known for their drinks, I like to let the bartenders be creative and discover new things. Serving a drink that tastes like nothing but tequila to someone who specifically asked for a drink that's not too heavy on the liquor taste definitely doesn't speak well to this bartender's skills.A bit later, I flagged down another bartender after our first one started ignoring us (it started to get busy and service became spottier as the night went on). Again I thought I would allow the bartender some creativity. I asked her to make me any tasty drink with grapefruit juice. I have no idea what she made, but she came back with a drink that was unpalatable. I couldn't discern anything in the drink (not even the grapefruit juice), but whatever ingredients were in it did not work well together. Blech!! It was so nasty that I couldn't even pawn it off onto one of my drinking companions (and one of the friends I was with has been known to drink just about anything, so that goes to show just how gross this drink tasted).My friends' drinks were not much better. One friend ordered one of their specialty drinks with flambeed rosemary, which looked a lot more interesting than it tasted. On the whole, we ended the evening each having ordered two subpar-to-mediocre drinks, and the bill was pushing a hundred bucks for the four of us. Yowza, next time I think I'll just directly flambee my wallet instead and save myself the trouble.
2	I have been here a handful of times to grab cocktails with friends on busy "drinking nights". Whenever I enter Industry I feel like I am transported into Shadyside as soon as I walk through the door. For those who are unfamiliar with Pittsburgh geography/demographics, I can only say that this relates to the high concentration of yuppies and preppy students/professionals who frequent this bar. In addition, there is this unavoidable air of snootiness present that I can't quite put my finger on. The bar is impressive and they offer a variety of specialty drinks. The bartenders are more standoffish and you really need to thrust your cash out onto the bar to get any attention. The drinks are priced high which is somewhat painful considering that you can get them for half as much across the street. The design/interior of the building is nice (exposed brick, hip industrial feel, large open garage door windows). There is usually a large grim bouncer that stands outside on busy nights. The area within this restaurant/bar is ample which makes it nice for larger groups of people. The bathrooms are clean and inviting (this is always important to me). If you like hanging out in places like the Walnut Grill, Marios, Harris Grill, etc. Industry would probably be a good choice for you. If you enjoy a vibe that is more artsy, laid back, eclectic and cool, try somewhere else on Butler St.
4	those pot roast fries.....yummmmmmmmm
5	Very impressed with the atmosphere, drink selection, and (most importantly) the food. The roasted chicken breast was some of the freshest chicken I've ever had. A+ Industry, it's been awhile since I've been blown away by a meal.
4	I've been here quite a few times for different occasions. Beer selection: awesome. Bartenders and servers always knowledgeable about the selections. Drinks: sad to say I haven't had a cocktail here because I haven't been able to distract myself from the beer. Love the smoked whiskey presentation so I'll definitely have to try it. Looking at the cocktail list, there's a lot on there is like to try. Food: excellent. Burgers, truffle fries, nachos, bacon. All hail a meat haven here. Popcorn was good, bit I don't think worth it on the appetizer list. Small bowl...come on, popcorn is meant to be shared!I attended a beer pairing for Yards brewing a few months back. This was done really well! Fun way to try their selection and have the brewmasters explain and the food paired was excellent. I think it was around $40? All in all a great deal and lots of fun. Most recently I was  there for a bachelorette party. All of the above was intact, but what I want to comment the most was the service. OUTSTANDING! 10 girls, 9?checks, great table by the open window (god, I'm going to be sad when it's winter in Pittsburgh), food delivered promptly. All in all the food is good, the beer is good, the atmosphere is good...but when you have excellent service, the whole experience is awesome. I'm a jerk for not referencing our server's name because I can't remember it. She was great. I'll return...someone slip me the cocktail menu before the beer so I can try something new.
4	I went to Industry Public House for the first time last night to watch the Pirates Wild Card Game. I'm glad I was at a great restaurant since the Buccos game was awful. I never venture into Lawrenceville as much as I'd like to. It seems like there are so many great restaurants and shops I really need to visit! Anyway, Industry was absolutely great. We were there ultimately to just get drinks, but my fiance' and I ended up sharing the blast pig burger and pot roast fries. Oh my, am I ever glad we did. The burger was probably the best I've had in the city. Even better than Burgatory or Winghearts. The candied bacon they put on top of the burger was incredible. And the pot roast fries, oh my goodness...you'll never have fries that are this good. I'm really glad we shared because the burger was huge and there were soooo many fries.Their beer selection is wonderful as well. And the restaurant itself is gorgeous. The only downside is the prices are relatively high for burgers and sandwiches. I think our Blast Pig Burger was $15. But for how good it was I didn't mind too much!
2	Yet another gastropub in Lawrenceville.Portions are ginormous, not a lot of veggie options, mediocre food served cold, great drink selection though.
3	Okay, but not great. People seem to LOVE this place so I feel a little weird writing this.The first time I came here was to meet a friend for an post-dinner drink on a random weekday. The bartenders weren't particularly warm and friendly. Nothing really stood out from the visit. The second time was for happy hour with a few friends. I had their IPH IPA, which was decent. Happy hour pricing is pretty good, with $2 off drafts. The beer was fine but nothing special.Yesterday I had lunch with a friend here, which was my first time trying the food. I ordered the Smoke Stack sandwich: shaved ribeye, white cheddar, arugula, and horseradish on sourdough. I enjoyed the ribeye with the melted cheese and horseradish (though it could have used more, to be honest). My only complaint is that there seemed to be an overwhelming texture and flavor of butter--I believe from the bread. It seemed like it was brushed or slathered on, and it was just too much. It gave the sandwich a greasy texture that just sort of ruined it for me.I had a side of the loaded truffled fries. They were served with a very generous portion of the gorgonzola/truffle oil combination. They were good but extremely rich, so I could not finish the portion.My friend had the fish and chips. She was served two GIANT pieces of fish, and commented that there were some uncomfortably soggy spots within the pieces. I tried a bit and it was okay, nothing amazing.The atmosphere is pretty cool, I'll give them that. The bar/restaurant is also very spacious with plenty of seating. I'll probably stick to happy hours here going forward.
2	Ehhh. Very average place. They have a great beer selection and a nice atmosphere. We ordered the mozzarella cogs which were essentially just fried mozzarella with very little of the other flavors listed on the menu, showing up. We also ordered the smokestack sandwich which again had a great flavors listed as ingredients, but when eating it they did not come through. The bartender attempted to make me a specialty cocktail (the Standard Oil) but was unable to because they didn't have all the ingredients (iced coffee being the one missing!) and so he made something up instead and still charged me for it.We were really disappointed with our visit after having looked at the menu items and believing them to be very unique and different.
3	Industry has so much going for it: Good beer selection, creative cocktails, a fun NYE atmosphere, and delicious food made with quality ingredients. I've been here multiple occasions for Sunday brunch, late dinner, and just drinks, and I've had a mostly positive experience overall. Sunday brunch in particular has been an overwhelmingly positive experience. The space is so nice and large and it's much less crowded than in the evenings, which makes ordering food less of a headache.The problems with Industry are primarily ones of consistency and service. For example, I've ordered the same two orders of fries on separate occasions and had them come out vastly different from one another. One order was warm but the fries were shitty little bits of potato and the oil they had been cooked in seemed very old. The other was much more generous and tasted freshly prepared, but the fries themselves came out room temperature at best. It was as if they'd been dumped onto the plate in all their delicious glory but then left sitting in the open for five minutes. I think having a few more dedicated food runners would solve this particular problem instantly. Additionally, ordering food anytime after 8:00 pm is a convoluted and confusing process that everyone I've come to Industry with (myself included!) has yet to understand. I've been sitting at a table with a group who was handed menus after we'd expressed a desire to order food, only to have the server curtly tell us to go place our food orders at the bar once he returned and we attempted to order. Other times (later at night mind you) my group has been permitted to order from our table via the server without a hitch. If the food ordering policy was made more explicitly clear (like stated at the top of the food menu) I think the confusion would be largely eliminated. As it currently stands, the inconsistency in the quality of the food and the lack of clarity about ordering said food makes me not want to order any of the more expensive dinner dishes or burgers here. I don't want to shout my order to the bartender and have it come out wrong or pay $15 for a cold burger. I'm hoping the longer Industry stays open the smoother things will become.
3	Fun bar/restaurant but for whatever reason it feels a bit like South Side in Lawrenceville there. I live down the street and was hoping to spend everyday at IPH since it's such a cool space but it's so impersonal and expensive (for a bar) I find myself choosing Tender or Thunderbirds over here. Beautiful interior though and the food is pretty good too.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Pittsburgh! They've got a hefty drink menu and wide selection of whiskeys without being completely overbearing. The smokestack whiskey is definitely worth a try- and it's best to ask your waitress of bartender what flavors they recommend with particular whiskeys. Their popcorn appetizer is refreshingly simple and well-made. The side of bacon is a steal at only $3 for a hefty plate of thick strips. And, of course, their burgers and sandwiches (anything with meat, really) are great. Beware of making reservations too late on a Friday or Saturday night. The place fills up with bar-goers and the areas around tables can get annoyingly crowded.
4	Smoke stack, anyone?My first experience at Industry was for PGH Craft Beer Week when they had a beer pairing event with Yards Brewery.  Delicious beer combined with savory and succulent food?  Yes please.  But I didn't feel it was fair to review a venue based on one event.vvWhen I returned to Industry, I'm happy to say my experience only got better.  Friends and I met for drinks and dinner.  I was CRAVING a burger and I was incredibly pleased with what I ordered - Farmed Out Burgher with aged white cheddar/wild boar bacon/fried egg/BBQ sauce.  Juicy and flavorful are simply understatements.  I wish I could remember the name of my cocktail - something with scotch and absinthe... delicious!  They also have an incredible craft beer list as well as Arsenal Ciders.My favorite thing about Industry - other than the decor and food - is the Smokestack.   Take one of your favorite bourbons, drizzle in some maple syrup & throw a few dashes of bitters. Then torch some wood to lightly infuse a fresh smoke to the bourbon.  Try it with cherry, mesquite, apple, maple, or pecan wood!  You cannot go wrong with this drink - and you'll make everyone around you jealous! When you're in Lawrenceville and looking for incredible drinks with some flavorful food, get a little "smokey" at Industry Public House
3	I've always wanted to love you, Industry Public House, but I just can't get myself to that point. I don't know what it is about you, but every time I've been (whether that's for dinner or just a drink), there's something that turns me off and leaves me thinking I should have just gone somewhere else. Sometimes its your server's lack of service or making me feel not welcomed, while other times its just been the taste of the food. I love the ambiance of your space - the industrial look and feel is awesome, but  I want an all around connection - not just with the space. Won't you communicate this to your staff?
4	This place is a must for every bourbon / whiskey lover. Also, got for the smokestack!
4	We stopped by here while out in Lawrenceville a few months ago, new to living close to the area & apprehensive of all the young hipsters swarming around. We were pleasantly surprised to find a urban & unique l (think microbrew that you would find in NYC) place to eat. Different menu, I got the Lucy (sandwich with tempura veggies) and it was great. We ended up staying there most of the evening because of their hundreds (at least that's what it seemed like) beers on tap.
3	Great social bar vibe and we decided to hit it on a lazy Sunday afternoon for lunch. Kids meals were great and the truffle blue cheese fries are dynamite but the burger was small and poorly cooked. We ordered medium and it came medium well to well done. The brussels sprouts were steamed and mushy and Very disappointing. I expect more. My suggestion is tasty cocktails and barfood but industry is trying to be too trendy on its overall menu and just doesn't pull it off
5	I unabashedly love Industry. Candied bacon? One of the best beer lists in town? Hipster Mecca? What could be better? It's a very chill vibe with a good menu and a younger crowd which is a nice change from some of the other good foodie places in town which attract the over 50 crowd en masse. Parking can be tough in Lawrenceville so give yourself extra time there. Recently brought a bunch of friends from out of town and they LOVED it. Will definitely be back ASAP.
3	There a many potentially awesome things about this space that just need to be tweaked. 1. It's so loud. So, so loud. With walls of brick and wooden floors, every sound that is made bounces back, so groups find themselves screaming at each other while having dinner. 2. Service: let's pick it up a bit. 10 minutes between the order for a drink and the delivery is too long, busy or not. Food was delivered in a timely way, but by runners, not the waitress, so this may have been a personnel issue. 3. Tone down the salt. Yikes! I've been enjoying the new styles of fries around town, and Industry is cooking them really well, with crispy on the outside texture. However, the amount of salt they threw on would have preserved me on a boat trip across the Atlantic to the Old World. 4. Nice draft list and creative cocktails. They don't fall short here. There's a mighty list of beers, bourbons and mixed concoctions. The variety is sure to please. 5. Great Nachos!
3	This review is verging on two stars. The food isn't that great and it takes FOREVER. I cannot believe I waited over 45 minutes for a few simple sandwiches while at lunch. It's just your average food place, everything tastes alright but it isn't good food. On the plus side the location is great, the atmosphere is great, the beer/liquor selection is incredible and reasonable. I'd say go here for happy hour, but not for dinner. Whatever you do avoid this place for lunch. The wait is unacceptable (3 times so far) when there's barely anybody seated. Management needs to do something about the kitchen quality and speed.
2	I gave this place average because of the food and service; as far as drink selection/unique cocktails, bar atmosphere, and beer selection it gets 4 or 5 stars. Its name speaks to the place; industrial, modern decor, dark, good mood lighting and atmosphere... 2/3 of the space is a bar, the other 1/3 is a dining room. Service is bad, but I suppose to someone in their 20's it may seem okay, but I have higher expectations when I go out nowadays.The hostess asked if my boyfriend and I were okay sitting at a high top table in the bar for dinner. I said that I'd rather sit in the dining room where it is a bit quieter. She said that she only had 6 tops in there, I looked and there were four 6 tops! (yes, 24 seats), so I asked if we could just use one because my boyfriend has to give himself insulin and has an accessed port (permanent IV for his illness cystic fibrosis) and we'd rather not sit right next to someone in the bar , again she said she'd rather not sit us there because she'd have to turn away a party of 6 (I suppose if four of them showed up in the next hour and were unwilling to wait). So I said we were leaving and she gave us one (we should have left). The food was blah. So bad in fact that I didn't eat it and left to go to another restaurant. Instant mashed potatoes and enhanced chicken. I asked if I could have a salad instead of the veggie, waiter said no problem. So he brings me a bowl of lettuce. I asked if they put anything on their salads, he said that it would be an up charge. I told him that I assumed a salad was more than lettuce and had I been informed that I needed to pay for salad "toppings" I would have paid for it instead of being served a bowl of lettuce. The place seems nice, but the staff try way too hard to be hip and trendy that it comes off tacky.  The space is nice, I think the wait staff just need to be a little more down to earth. Go here if you want to drink with friends, but I would steer clear for dinner.
3	Bacon? Smoked whiskey? Sold.If you're going to dine at Industry, you cannot *not* get the smoke stack whiskey.  You choose the bourbon/whiskey and drizzle it with a bit of maple syrup.  You choose fun flavors what to infuse it with, and they torch some wood lightly over it to give it a nice smokiness. Pair that smoked whiskey with candied bacon and you've got yourself a deal.
3	Two years ago, this place would have gotten four stars from me, but I think it's a bit of a victim of its own success.  It's so insanely loud and crowded all the time when I go there nowadays that it's put me off from going back.  Maybe it's a sign of my old age that I want to be able to have an audible conversation with friends when I go out for dinner and drinks. Never mind that it's hard to get a table for dinner, and Industry seems less cool now that it's crawling with undergrads.  Man, I sound super-crotchety in this review ("You kids better stay off my lawn!")!On the plus side, the interior is cool, the Smoke Stack smoked whiskey is incredibly tasty, and they have a  great booze and food menu, with high-quality ingredients (boar bacon-yumm).  So there.  No cataracts and hip replacement for me just yet.
4	Absolutely inoffensive.
1	Went on a Thursday for happy hour, light crowd, bar seating not nearly a quarter full.  The bar service was horrendous, getting a bartenders attention became a joke with the six people in our group.  The food, delivered by the kitchen, was great, the smoky whiskey drinks we begged for were wonderful, but the bar tenders were abhorrent.  The ceiling must be impeccable because that's all the bartenders looked at when they occasionally graced us with their  presence.  I'm being completely serious, it was that bad.  Industry must do one heck of a business to get away with treating patrons this badly.  So if you like pleading for service and being treated like sh.t, by all means make the trip out to industry and quickly learn your place.
1	MICE and lots of them!!!!!!!!! My friends and I stopped by for quick bite to eat later in the night, and while we were eating our food, my fiancee noticed a mouse running across the dining room floor.  Our server came over to us and said that it happens all the time, while we thought she was getting a manager, we saw four more mice running around in their dining room, like noone was there.  None of us finished our food and a manager never came to talk to us.  We promptly got our checks and never finished our food.  The server asked us if we wanted boxes, and I said, "Im not taking anything home with all the mice running around this place."  I doubt I'll ever be back.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place. It's our favorite restaurant. Whenever we have family or friends visiting we take them here and they always love it and talk about it for days. You HAVE to get the Pot Roast fries. You'll think you died and went to Heaven. Their burgers are so unique and delicious. I've never had anything bad here.
5	This place was great.  We went there for my husbands work Christmas party, so there was a group of about 15-20 of us, all drinking and eating, and just being your typical large group - loud, a little obnoxious, energetic, and, of course, intoxicated.  Anyway, we had 1 server that took care of the entire group, Rachel.  I was a little skeptical at first, because I've had too many experience where 1 server couldnt handle 2 people, much less 20, but let me just say that she was amazing!  She was super friendly, super on her game, super attentive.. she was just super great.  My only complaint, and its not her fault, was that I had to order 3 different wines before I landed on one that they ACTUALLY had in house.. and yes, I was ordering off their menu.  Other than that, everything was awesome.  And, although I can't speak for everyone else, my food was excellent.  I got the mac & cheese with ham and onion straws, and while I may have taken on some "friendly" teasing for ordering mac and cheese as a dinner, any amount of scrutiny or judgement was worth it, and I wasn't about to let them all ruin my dinner!  they must have just been jealous that my food was definitely better than theirs ;) Anyway......the atmosphere is great and the inside of the building is really cool.  I definitely recommend trying this place!Oh, also.. the brussel sprouts.  PLEASE.. do yourself a favor and order the brussel sprouts.  The hubs got them as a side to his ribs, and offered me a bite when they came, annnnnd that one bite turned into me removing the bowl from HIS plate, and placing it next to mine.. where it then was emptied.  fast.  what I'm trying to say is that their brussel sprouts are completely and most definitely one of the best things you could do for yourself.  Trust me.Youre welcome.
3	Excellent drinks. Fun experience and atmosphere. Average (in a bad way) food and service.
