1	I was looking forward to checking out this place BUT I was VERY disappointed.... Went  on a Friday night with the family, the place was busy in the bar part of the restaurant.  Had to wait awhile before we were acknowledge and the girl server when asked about the beer selections did not know what they had at the bar.... We ordered the honey hot wings extra crispy which was the best thing of the meal.  It came with a side of ranch and two celery stalks. (see Picture) LOL .. I got a cheeseburger w/ bacon ( see Picture) and my son got  a hamburger w/ bacon. The burgers were bland and it came with SALTY fries.  My boyfriend got the pastrami.  Pastrami is salted when cured and added salt makes it very Salty.  It came to our table very SALTY.  Tried the cheese pizza from the kids menu for my 4 year old and it was bland and looked messy.  The cook added to much salt to our meal in the fries and sandwich.  The burgers had no flavor and  I will NOT be going back... Its not worth the price and irritation of a BAD meal.  The whiskey sour he had was also very weak for the price. Although the restaurant was clean and it look very nice in its renovated state that's the only reason it got a star.
5	I came in on Friday night looking to for a new neighbor bar and grill.   Although it was pretty busy, I was immediately greeted and went ahead and sat in the bar section.  I decided to try out the special which was the Fish Fry and was pleasantly surprised by a large portion of lighted breaded fish as well as fries.   Thought the fries were awesome along with the fish.   I decided to stick around for a while afterwards as it was Karaoke night and had a few beers.  Overall great atmosphere, excellent staff and good food.  I will definitely be back again.
5	Loved the peach beer and the Six Foot Six band!
1	This was Dubs bar and grill. We frequented Dubs often for meal specials. It is now HUB's. We went last night for the first time since new management took over..DO NOT GO HERE, unless you want the worst service we have ever had in ANY establishment.... EVER!  We had 3 different waitresses. All of which abandoned us after one encounter... and NO it wasn't us. I'm 65 and my aunt is 79. We finally had to flag someone down and ask for out check. Then all they did was say "sorry".  SORRY seems to the the new FU these days for not doing your job. We will never go back. I will also pass this info along to my friends and neighbors who were Dub's fans.
5	Ok...don't listen to the 1-star wackos. I've been here 5-10 times and have been satisfied with my experience every time. I frequent a lot of restaurants and bars and being in east Mesa I feel it's difficult to find a gem. Our service has been average or above on every visit, the food has been good or above on very visit and I feel the customer service (especially as of late, we've had Brittany the last 3 times) has been excellent. Last visit we wanted a sampler of appetizers which wasn't on the menu and the manager arranged for that to happen. Lo and behold on the very next visit there's a sampler dish that allows you to choose certain items of your liking. I honestly think east Mesa options are limited for places to eat but The Hub is one I've always been satisfied with. Special ordered margaritas are around $5, they taste great and aren't weak, I don't think anything is overpriced. They always seem to have some event going on, karaoke, cage fighting (tonight) and among others, I don't participate or watch but some may enjoy. I really hope they are around for good as the establishment can't seem to keep a tenant. In short...give it a shot! Thanks for reading.
4	wow such a huge disparity between the reviewers for this place. It's like a hit or miss joint seems like. Well I decided to give it a try as my friend recommended it and we wanted to watch one of the NBA finals games here. Upon walking in, you got the semi quieter dining room area to your left and the rowdy bar area with plethora of flat screen LCD TVs to your right. Sat down in the bar area and got one of those jukebox things which is actually a speaker for the TVs. They play all kinds of sports here and I'm sure they will accommodate you if you ask nicely. Not sure about big event PPV stuff. The service was great I thought. The waitress was nice and helpful. I would say the food is above average bar food. Nothing fancy. I really liked the fish and chips b/c they weren't buried in 2 inches of deep fried dough. It was a nice filet with a good amount of fried layer outside. I gave it 4 stars for my positive experience, but how knows many the service is spotty. I do like it as a first timer though b/c they have got some great Happy hour deals and daily specials. I think it's worth checking it out!
5	The best wings great service
3	On the advice of a coworker we hiked out to east Mesa to give The Hub a try. The  Hub is divided in two, a dining room and a bar but we had arrived a little later, (9pm) on a Saturday night and the dining room was closed and dark. There were only a few tables seated but Saturday nights the bar has a DJ and the volume level in the small room was about an 11!We both chose to have burgers, I the BBQ Bacon burger and TLL the Mushroom burger. The burgers are half pound patties and cooked to order, unlike many other burger joints that insist on the well done burger! They are all served on their own pretzel bread which is both soft and firm. They have interesting side dishes like sweet potato tater tots. (Which were really quite good.) We were expecting to like the place alot more than we did.The burgers were not cooked to our order, the pretzel bread is kind of oily which was a bit distracting and the service was lack-lustre, nice but a little lacking.Basically it was OK, but only OK. If I was out there for some reason and someone wanted to eat there I wouldn't object, but I won't drive 15 miles for mediocre food and service either. OK food, OK service, louder than a live rock concert, I'll pass thanks.
5	We went to The Hub because of a coupon that we got in the mail. It just happened that we went on a Tuesday during happy hour. This building has had 4 restaurants in it that I know of, and all have been bad. This one we really liked! Tuesday was a great day to go as they give $2 off every meal. I had the flat iron steak with vegetables. It was cooked to order and very good. Others in my party had a burger and a BLT. They also said their meal was good. The kids had Sliders and some appetizer plates from the Happy Hour menu and we were quite satisfied with the prices and quality of everything we had. We are looking forward to going back!
5	Great place for great food and cool relaxed atmosphere. The dinner side was well prepared and cozy. The bar side was casual and the bar had a fantastic bartender named Kelsey. She rocked. The manager was responsible not over serving a patron who fast approached his limit. Got him a ride home and took care of his $30 tab. Unbelievable. Great place. Good people and staff. I will repeat.
4	This was my first visit to HUB's, we decided to check this place out for MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL!! GO COWBOYS!  We were greeted as soon as we walked in, asked for a booth close to the big screen and the waitress was very accommodating, they have a good amount of food choice from salads to burgers,wings,sandwiches.. And a lot of beers on tap! Our service was good, we both had the burger of the day which was  a huge burger patty cooked to order,buffalo sauce,bleu cheese,lettuce,tomato,onion on a realllyyyy good pretzel bun! At first I didn't think I'd like it but it make my mouth very happy! The place was clean, a nice group of people there and good service ... What else could you ask for?
5	Smoked wings are legit. Seems like a good spot.. Great service.  Great value.  Ate alot of wings, had a salad and half sandwich, and a wicked chicken. 1 beer, 2 people $30!  We will be going back and yes, the smoked wings are as good as you hear!
4	My buddy and I stopped in here after coming back into the Valley from a long hike in the Superstitions. His friend really talked it up, so I did a quick Yelp mobile search for directions while westbound on the 60. My first impression: another sports bar. After looking at all of their flat screens, extensive craft beer menu, and taking my first bite of my blackened chicken tacos: a new favorite post-hike spot in Mesa. Service was great, and it was packed mid-day, so that tells you something.
5	Great food...best calzone ever eaten!
4	We've been to The Hub several times in the past, so when it came time to throw my husband's surprise birthday party, this was the first place I called.  I knew there was a party room, so I called Chris, the General Manager.  Chris was pleasant to talk to and offered a lot of different party options based on what I wanted to spend.  Everything from a set list of foods to serve to everyone ordering what they wanted.  With the group I was expecting (around 40), I went with the first option.  I was able to select the group of appetizers plus a bunch of pizzas.  Drinks were handled by offering the guests tickets, so they could pretty much order whatever they wanted to drink just by handing the waitress a ticket.When we arrived to decorate the room, the tables were already in place and I was able to talk to the manager on duty and the waitress we would have.  The arrangement was perfect.During the party, the waitstaff was awesome!  Ali was always around, taking drink orders, asking me if everything was ok.  Things could not have gone any smoother. Everyone had a great time.After the party, Chris even emailed me to ask how things went.  I couldn't have asked for any better treatment.  And the food was great!Bottom line - The Hub staff was extremely accommodating and easy to work with.  I'd use them again in a heartbeat for a party.
5	Great place to hang out. Food is fantastic, especially the Arizona Smoked wings. Best I've ever had, and I've had a lot of wings. Service is always good, fun place to watch UFC as well. We had an issue one time with our credit card charged incorrect amount, called the Hub, spoke with the manager and he fixed it in no time. Appreciate their attention to the customer. I will be back again and again.
1	I went with my girfriend during a UFC fight, and sat in the dining area. Ordered two tall craft beers and a pretzel appetizer for starters. While perusing the menu, the appetizer came out... 10 bitty pretzel bites and a small thing of obviously canned cheese. I told the server that I expected more for $7. Made me think twice about ordering more food. The server agreed and comp'd our order. I thought this was very stand up, and was about to order food. Then the manager came out.... This guy squatted down, put his arm on the back of my girlfirends chair and on mine. He then proceeded to spend the next 20 minutes explaining how he knows the pretzels are frozen and the cheese is from a tub, but that's how his patrons demanded it. He told me I was the only one to complain.Forget the fact that he did this during the main fight, which we missed completely. He took a positive situation that was handled perfectly by the server, and turned us away from that place for good. This place was 5 stars before the manager came to our table.Only one to complain? Sorry to ruin your perfect record..
5	I have been to the Hub a few times. I am always treated like a VIP (don't know why)Service has always been great, food is good and the prices are fair.I recently went to a Realtor after hours there and they had pretzel bites and pizza. The bites were great, just the right amount of butter and salt.I also love the milk stout they have on tap.I don't go to the far east valley but when I do I will make it a point to stop here again.Oh, I guess they have a corn hole tournament every Wednesday night. It looked like fun.
5	I have been here several times now and have never had bad service.  One time my son and I went to watch UFC the bar was packed so they put us in a separate room with a TV to the fights.  The Sleepy Dog is my favorite draft and the smoked wings are AWESOME.
5	We were introduced to this place about 3 months ago and we are now regulars. The Hub is in the top 3 of our favorite restaurants in the Valley. Top notch service, amazingly consistent and delicious food, great atmosphere, and it's only 2mi from our house. I'd recommend a menu item to try, but honestly they are all great. The smoked wings are THE best wings I have ever had. I can eat them by the pound (Wednesday is the wing special btw). If you haven't been here, you are missing out on great food and a rare dining experience that many "fancy" restaurants can't even come close to matching. Ask for Audree, she is our favorite server. Chances are Chris, the manager, will come by and chat as well. Say hello and enjoy!Oh yeah, kids get to go to the 'Treausre Chest' after the meal to pick out a toy. Usually Hot Wheels, Barbie, princess stuff, etc; Definitely kid friendly!
4	We have passed this place numerous times and kept saying we should try it, but we were always reluctant, now I'm sorry we waited so long.  I thought it had a good atmosphere, pub like without the high noise level.  Everyone was very friendly and the food was delicious.  They also had a great selection of beers on tap.  This will be our new lunch stop, especially when we're going to Costco, it'll add a positive to an otherwise stressful shopping trip.
5	my daughter loves a visit to the treasure chest! great food, and awesome service!
2	Went here for wingsday. They had 1/2lb smoked wings for $4.79. The wings arrived & there were 5 of the tiniest wings I've ever seen. Yeah they were good, but I highly doubt it was a 1/2lb. Also, the server was super slow. I don't think we will be back.
1	Not sue why the rating is so good. Maybe it was just one bad experience by us. It would be hard to justify a return trip with all the other establishments in the valley. The decor was poor, the beer was warm, the service was poor, and the "fish fry" was right out of the frozen box. It was pretty gross!
5	Loved it!! My hubby and I both had burgers on pretzel buns. The burgers were fantastic! As a side I got a salad which was really good. The service was great, our server was fast, accurate and very sweet. For a small neighborhood sports grill this place is tops.
4	nice space, decent food.  they got some of the good servers from uncle bears!  I like the unique beer selection and weekly specials.
3	This would be a truly outstanding sports bar were is not for the poor service. On the one hand, the food is excellent -- probably the best I've experienced in any sports bar. But for some reason the service just falls flat every time I've visited the place. Everyone is very friendly and you get plenty of attention at the tables, but the food takes forever to arrive and the waitresses seem overworked. Maybe the service will get better, who knows, but if you're looking for great food, The Hub is worth certainly a visit.
3	I have eaten at plenty of bars, it's the usual greasy fatty food you can't really mess up.  We got the smoked wings and potato chips.  I'm not a big fan of wings so I thought it was decent, my boyfriend on the other hand loves them cause of the whole fall of the bone idea.  The potato chips were good, could have been more crispy.  I'm sure if we actually consumed some alcohol the food would have been better.  Service was quick and attentive.
4	I've been to a number of Realtor events here. The food is good, not greasy, and the service is excellent. I enjoy having lunch during a Realtor training class or networking group because it feels to me the time goes by quickly.
4	Food is good, atmosphere welcoming,and Jessica our waitress was great! Will definitely go again . It's a place we will be pleased to bring friends to.
1	Service has only become worse since I left my original review, and I'm saying that as a weekly customer. No more, I'm giving up on this place. Life is too short!
5	We visited one night before a movie showing only in the the east valley. We sat at the bar even though we don't drink because the place was packed. The service was awesome because the bartender was right there. They have good specials every day. The special the day we were there was half off pizza. We got one and it was very good. We also ordered the smoked chicken wings and they're probably the best chicken wings we've ever had. Even though we live about half an hour away we plan on going back as soon as possible just for the wings. Hopefully they'll put one in closer to our house so we can go more often.
5	The Hub Bar provides wonderful service and delicious food. I had my 51st (yikes) birthday party on November 9th.  Everyone raved about the wings and we are still getting compliments for everything that was served. The service was top notch and everything was handled and set up so nicely. I know more business will be coming their way even though some of our friends and family live in West and South Phoenix. They couldn't stop talking about how delicious your wings are!! There is only one regret and that is that I don't feel that I tipped the waitress nearly enough. All of them were so efficient and on the spot when we needed them.  Your place ROCKS!!!  Thank you and thank you again! Love ya,Jenni Macias
5	Absolutely love the HUB!!!! Chris (owner) is always very friendly and makes sure to check on each table during their meal. Service is always impeccable and the food is amazing. I would highly recommend the HUB Club. It's an original twist on the club sandwich and will quickly become your new favorite meal. 5 stars from this family.
5	Awesome food and service! Tequila Chicken sandwich is to die for. Have eaten here several times in the last few months and recently decided to host a private party in their meeting room. Once again, the food and service from the staff was exceptional! Looking forward to my next visit.
4	Been here a few times friendly bar staff,  good food and a great spot to catch your favorite sports game.
5	So, we have started coming to the Hub in a regular basis. The service is awesome,  the food is fantastic, and the beer is always cold! We showed up late on a Saturday night,  and they had no tables available.  After waiting for an hour or so on the patio, the fabulous manager, went into the store room, got an empty keg, and made our own table!  Where else can you go,  and the staff goes to that much trouble to make you happy?  The menu is always evolving, and I have never had anything less than spectacular.  I recommend this place to everyone!
5	My husband and I are visiting from MN and a local from Mesa recommended we try The Hub. YUM! Everything we ordered had incredible flavor! We had the caprese salad, wings and the club sandwich on a pretzel bun! I promise you will NEVER have a club sandwich like it. The service was great and the chef even came out to ask how our meal was. Loved the bar area and they have like 50 flat screen TVs. They added a unique touch with "the treasure chest" for kids. Get to The Hub.. You won't regret it!
3	I'm dropping my original negative review and upgrading to average. Fair is fair; I've had much better service in recent visits. Truth is, I really like this place. Just wish the service was more consistent.
5	Walked up tonight and the manager said,  "welcome back" The hostesses were very friendly and the waitress too. Food came out quick and was delicious. Very comfortable environment. Love this place!!! For sure the nicest staff in townJennifer and lou
5	Get the smoked wings.  Overall, the menu is top notch across the board and over 60 beers to choose from.
4	Really good bar food. We came to watch the AFC championships. Great sports bar. Lots of TVs. Had their pretzel bites, which were okay. The smoked wings were really good, although I like my wings a bit crispier. The Hub Club was really good.  Not your traditional club but really good. This will be out new go to place for bar food. The mussels sound really good, so will have to try those another time.
5	Even though The Hub is across town from me, I have been there a couple times when I am in the East Valley.  I chose The Hub to have a birthday celebration last weekend and it was the best choice ever!Chris Field and his team did an outstanding job of setting up and decorating the conference room.  They used the decorations and cake that I brought in and the set up was perfect.  There were a few servers that assisted everyone in our crowd but Emma and Ali did the bulk of the running.  Every single guest that attended was extremely pleased with the prompt service. All food and beverage orders were correct and delivered in a timely manner.  Every food item at The Hub is delicious; you can tell they care about the quality of the food they serve.I will definitely be planning more gatherings at The Hub and I recommend that you do too! They make it easy to show up and have fun!
5	Smoked Wings and Turkey Rachel are the best. Get the Az smoked wings, grilled and then re-dipped in everything sauce! Falls right off the bone!!!
4	I had the Arizona smoked wings. 2lbs half hour half cajun. The hot sauce has a ton of flavor and the wings were super tender and crispy. I loved the Smokey flavor. The cajun sauce was okay. Some cajun seasoning and hour sauce. I will be back and will try insanity sauce.
1	I just walked out of the restaurant after being seated with my wife then waiting for about 10 minutes and never being greeted. We even asked the hostess to grab our server and still to no avail. We did however see another party be seated after us and be immediately greeted and served. This was after we notified the hostess we hadn't been served. Before I left I asked to speak to the manager  I then waited up at the hostess stand for over 5 minutes before I walked out all together. I'm super disappointed. I've been coming here for months and the food is great coupled with usually pretty good service. This however was pathetic. It will be a while before I go back.
4	Get the smoked wings! Go now...really...they're great! The have decent beer prices, good burgers, and pretty good service. I'm glad we came across this gem. A great place to go for Sunday football.
3	Decent beer selection
5	My co-worker recommended this place so I decided to check it out on a Monday afternoon. I was told the smoked wings were good so I decided to give it a go. I got those with the raspberry chipotle sauce. OMG. Some of the best wings I've had! My friend got the potato nacho things (forgot what it was called) I tried some and it was good but the potatoes were a bit dry for my taste. The drinks were really good. I had the royal (something) and he got the "big money"  they were reallly good! I will definitely be coming back when I'm in the area!
4	Great food, great wings. Bartenders have some attitude every now and then but overall great place.
1	Wings soggy and cold, beer is warm, service is super slow, they overcharge also, not worth it!
5	Excellent service!  The manager came to our table to introduce himself and tell us all about the place.  Our server was great and attentive.  Friendly helpful staff and awesome food and beer!  The hub club is awesome but the Arizona smoked wings are maybe the best wings I've ever had.  This place rocks.
5	Great smoked wings. That is all I have had here, but they were awesome. So good I had to go back for more the next day lol...I believe they are discounted during happy hour and also on Wednesdays..
5	If there are better wings in Arizona, I've not found them in the 17 years I've been here. Ask for the smoked chipotle raspberry wings.  They will fall off the bones. Incredible!
5	Awesome smoked wings!!!!!!
5	I like the HUB!  It's the go-to spot for having a drink and grabbing something to eat. Everyone who works there is attentive to customers and provides great service.  Love the great beer selection.  Prices are right.  Food is always good and much better than any of the area competing restaurant/bars.  Try them out!
4	Very yummy food & Drinks. I had the 10 dollar grilled cheese and omg so good! My Husband & I loved this place & for sure will come again.
5	Get their version of potato skins - yum
5	Love love love this place! Lauren and Anthony are awesome and the food OMG. Get the Cajun smoked wings wet! Also, the pizza is good and the peanut butter burger is my favorite! Life changer:-) They have a corn hole tournament every Wed at 6, so fun.
4	The staff and regulars are very nice and make this place great.  They have a good beer selection,  and good food.
2	Waitress starts out with a snap comment ... What do you want to drink ... Well I just sat down how about a menu/ beer list honey.  4 stars people???? I thought the chipotle raspberry  wings were ok at best  served with 1 celery piece :( sad I was planing on ordering a few more things but I was so turned off I had wings a few brews ...
5	Awesome smoked wings! Excellent service(in bar)! My 5 and 6 year old love it as well and beg to go there because they get to choose a toy out of a treasure box! It can't get better than that! A bar that has amazing food that your kids beg to go there! WINNING! And KiDs eat free every Sunday!!!! They have lots of TVs for sports and show the UFC fights! Misted patio where dogs are welcome! What's not to love?
5	I've been to the Hub several times and have brought friends in as well. I always thought it was comfortable with good food and friendly efficient service. Last Friday night I met several friends there and instead of the usual hamburger and fries opted for the pork tacos. So without exaggeration they were so good, I went in today for lunch, couldn't stop thinking about them and again they were incredible!  So yes, this is not your average sports bar!
5	This was our first time here and let's just say we will be back. The pork wings were nuggets of tasty porkness, I had a mushroom burger and could not finish it but not because it wasn't good. My wife had the Hub Club and she was completely satisfied, as was our daughter, who had the Peanut Butter burger. Weird combo but pretty tasty. Our server, Devin, was awesome and very attentive. No complaints at all. This is an extremely family friendly environment at lunchtime on Sunday.
5	Excellent service. We had some of the best wings I have ever had! Large beer selection!
2	The beer selection was great, the food was decent, the service was terrible. I'm normally not one to complain about service at a restaurant, but our server seemed awfully put out that she had to even deal with us.  Any place that has summer shandy on tap usually gets automatic points from me, but I probably won't be back here.
5	Went for the gluten free menu and was pleased to find there were a lot of options. (burgers, sandwiches, nachos, potato skins, wings, etc)Had a spicy grilled chicken sandwich with chipotle sauce (don't remember the actual name) and fries. The piece of chicken was HUGE and hung off both sides of the GF bun. Onion and tomato were cut thick and were very fresh. Sauce was delicious. Fries were crispy and very, very long.I was surprised at the portions and the quality of the ingredients. I also felt the prices were very fair. All 4 members of my party enjoyed our food and the atmosphere and agreed we'd go back.
1	Update: I emailed the manage to tell him about my experience, he never even bothered responding to my email. We will never be back.
5	I love the selection of Dark beers on draft...the food? Have yet to have something that doesn't leave me coming back for more and I have had just about every item on the menu! The service is friendly and great, love going as a family, with friends or karaoke nights are fun too! Now with their expansion, it just makes it that much better! Great neighborhood bar to hang out at!
5	Awesome atmosphere and food choices.  A great experience every time I visit.  The wings are leaps and bounds better than any other resturant / bar I've visited.
5	We frequent this place for a couple years for the Arizona Smoked wings. They are REALLY good. Everything else on the menu is to be expected from a bar / restaurant. Portions are large and the staff is always very friendly. They have generous happy hour deals and daily specials as well. The environment is dark and typical of a bar with dozens of big flat screen TVS.
5	Great local venue. Food was excellent and great variety of options. We came in to watch the UofA game and the manager was very kind to turn the TV to our game while the place was packed. This rarely happens when at another sports joint. Kudos to the service. Everyone was friendly and quick to serve. It got even better when we had a issue with the valet service. They handled it better then our expectations. I will definitely be back with friends and family. Thank you Chris (manager) and staff for the experience.
5	Our new favorite wings place. I have never had wings like this. Arizona smoked... they were like fall off the bone ribs, yummy
2	I am upset I didn't even get to try the restaurant out but that is because we were forced to wait for a table as others came in requesting the games and fights got sat immedietly.  I even asked for first available. Other guests came in and got sad before us 3 different times!!! That alone was reason to leave, not to mention the rude server who didn't even hold the door open for me or the hostess that didn't even acknowledge me or anyone in my party as we walked in the door.
5	The Hub is an excellent sports bar! They provide SoundDog that gives you a personal sound box on your table for a specific channel playing. So you're able to listen to the game you want. Their Arizona Smoked wings are the absolute best wings I've ever had - they have great flavor and fall off the bone. They have a good variety of beers available. There can be a wait sometimes because it's so busy, but it's worth the wait.  Love this place!
4	My family and I went on a Monday for lunch. The wait was long but worth the wait. I tried the Arizona smoked wings with the raspberry chipotle & honey bbq sauce and the $10 grilled cheese sandwich with garlic fries. The food & atmosphere were great. We had 6 adults and 3 kids... The bill came out to only $107 and the kids got to go to a treasure chest and pick out a prize.
5	Have heard great things about The Hub and the raves were right on. Definitely a sports bar, you want to watch it, it's on! Food was great and service was awesome! Callie was right on with all of her recommendations. We will definitely be back!
5	We love the hub! We used to drive 30 minutes to eat there but recently moved closer. Wings, burgers, onion rings, everything is delicious and the staff is always friendly and helpful
3	When I first tried The Hub I would have given it more stars, but it recently expanded & since then I don't think the food is as good and the service is slower.  Definitely come here if you want to watch some sports and drink some beers.  They have tons of tv's and will put it on pretty much anything you want.  The beer list is pretty expansive with some creative beer cocktails.    Still my go-to for UFC fights.
5	The smoked wings are amazing! We also got the pepperoni pizza and the house salad, and both were good. On Sunday's they have $2 bloody Mary's, which makes for a great night of football.
5	I'm not a sports person, and I loved this sports bar. The food is really good, and decently priced. I had a chicken sandwich with swiss and avocado on a gluten free bun. I got veggies on the side. Everything was really, really good. The burgers are huge, and delicious. I will definitely be returning!
5	One of our family favorites. TVs on every well for the husband. Great gluten-free menu for me (probably the largest GF menu I've seen). Portions are huge and staff is friendly.
