4	I have been excited to try Salad and Go for a few weeks now. I went late on a Saturday morning and there was absolutely no one there. I was greeted quickly and reviewed the menu. I knew I wanted a salad but couldn't decide which one. They all sounded so good! I decided on the Asian salad. I was pleasantly surprised when they asked if I wanted the dressing tossed or on the side. I opted for tossed. The salad was just ok for me. The ingredients were all fresh and nicely proportioned however the dressing was bland. I could have used more dressing and some more flavor. The chicken was nice and didn't taste like that fake chicken you sometimes get on fast food salads. I am still giving this place 4 starts because I love the concept, prices are reasonable and the ingredients were so fresh. I will be going back and trying a different kind of salad. Maybe next time I will ask for extra dressing.
1	I was very excited to try this place, being on the go all the time its hard to eat right. I waited in the drive thru (start to finish) for 20 mins. When I finally got the chance to order they were out of the protein I wanted. Since I wasn't able to back up and leave, I felt obligated to try some thing else. For the $2 upgrade I got the flank steak added to my order (instead of the preferred chicken). The disappointment came when I finally arrived home to eat it.. I had a total of 4 bites that's included the steak. The dressing on the lettuce was almost nonexistent. In my mind I paid $8 for a tortilla and lettuce...  I realize this is a new location and they are trying to get their flow down, but when you are out of product, with ridiculous wait times, what is the positive here? It would have been nice if they had notified people that they were out of product prior to getting up to the window. I would have left and you could have possibly left a different impression in my mind.
2	I was excited to give this place a try after reading a lot about it.I had been craving the Caprese with Steak salad.Get there to order at 4:30 pm on a Friday, and they tell me they are all out of steak. OK, so I settled for the chicken and ordered two other salads to take home for the wife and daughter that they had picked out on the web.For a salad place, it took a long time to get the food.Get home and one of the salads is wrong. Not even close to what I orderded and talk about stingy with dressing.For the cost, it would be much cheaper to make my own salad at home not to mention quicker and I would know it was the salad I wanted.I doubt that I will eat there again. There is no compelling reason to do so.
4	Went and grabbed dinner around 4:30. The drive-through was only a few cars in, but still went to the walk-up counter instead. I had the Spinach Bacon salad and my daughter had the BBQ. We had our order in about 5 minutes after ordering.  Unfortunately they forgot the avocados on the BBQ salad. The portions were decent sized, I wasn't stuffed after eating, but was satisfied. I will definitely give their other salads a try.I see from other reviews they have been running out of product and messing up orders. I would say since they have only been open a couple of weeks to give it another chance. Opening a new business is always a little bumpy. Hopefully they will be reading these reviews so they can correct some of these issues.
5	Although I agree with some of the Yelpers below about a few speedbumps regarding service, the portion size was perfect and I love seeing a quick and healthy alternative when it comes to drive through meals.I really want this business to succeed and branch out in franchises, we all certainly need it!
3	YUMMY!  I went  to Salad and Go for lunch with my kids recently because I wanted to support them and their mission of good for you fast food. Yes, the wait was long, but I was patient because they had just opened and I am sure they are still working out the kinks. I love the fact that they don't automatically put meat or dressing on their salads and that you can order any salad as a wrap. A wrapped salad is easier to eat while you drive. I will be back!
5	Stopped here on the way home from the gym and had the asian salad with shrimp. couldn't wait to get home, started eating it in the car and it was amazing. the shrimp was nice and tender and the lettuce was really crisp. I love that it's a local business and that it's really healthy fast food!!! Can't wait to go back and try the steak on one of the salads!
5	Fantastic, healthy, and quick. Stopped by on Thursday evening in hunt for something quick and healthy. I ordered the Greek salad with chicken and my husband had the Louie salad with chicken.  The drive thru took about 3 min.  The employee at the window was very friendly while we waited.  Both salads were excellent. Great portions.  Super yummy.  Felt great after eating them.  We will be back soon!
5	Out running errands tonight and needed to get some dinner quick.   Took a family vote and the kids simultaneously and unanimously shouted out Salad and Go.  When our food was ready we called the kids over to get there individual orders.  My youngest said "it is done already?   They are quicker than you mom!"   When my 4 year old says they are quick it really means something.   Thanks for making yet another healthy and quick meal for my family you guys.   You are absolutely magnificent.
4	After hearing about this place from a friend, I decided to check it out tonight.  The service was GREAT the food was pretty good.  I like this concept a lot.  I got the Louie with chicken and mozzarella instead of blue cheese.  The portion size was really good.  I would try this place again should I be in the not-wanting-to-cook mood.
4	I've been pleased with my experiences so far. I've gone several times and have yet to try something that isn't good. Yes sometimes they take a little longer to get your salad to you but I'd rather wait an extra minute or so for a freshly prepared salad than breeze through with an already prepared one that's been sitting in the fridge.  I really hope they continue to do well because this is exactly what we need. A healthy drive thru alternative!
5	I anticipated the opening of this place for weeks since I drove by during construction. Let me tell ya they came through. Placed was crazy busy and the service was money!  Portion size was great. I got the BBQ salad with chicken. Very good.  Highly recommend!
5	This place is great. I love the idea of a healthy, but quick meal. The owner was so friendly, and chatted with all the tables sitting outside eating their meals. You can tell he really cares what the customers think. You HAVE to try the orange cream milkshake, it was absolutely amazing.I will be going back again for on my lunch breaks, or even for a light dinner :)
5	I couldn't wait for Salad and Go to open.  I was there on their first day and I have to say, that first salad was a little disappointing.  My Chicken Caesar Salad was so salty I could barely eat it and the diet cola, oh my, let's just say it's a good thing I'm trying to kick the diet soda habit.  Anyway, I knew they were a new business and figured I'd have to go back and give them another chance. I am SO very glad I did.  I ordered the same Chicken Caesar Salad but this time I got the dressing on the side.  What a difference; it was delicious!  I will be a forever customer now with my dressing on the side.  I am always on the go, always eating fast food so it's great to have a healthy alternative.
5	After a crazy day I wanted something healthy and drive thru (I have a very sick little one that I didn't want to take in and out of anywhere). A friend had posted about this place on FB so I figured we'd try it. Yum! I got the Santa Fe wrap and the dressing was awesome! The wrap was huge as well. The kids got the butter salad and the turkey pinewheels, both with apples and peanut butter and both enjoyed their food. I wish there was one closer but we will definitely be back!
5	So happy this place is finally here. Me and my family have visited quite a few times and it has been wonderful each time. The wait can be a little long but it's not like there is employees sitting around playing on their phones, twiddling thumbs. I have seen them through the window-HUSTLING trying to be the quickest they can be and i appreciate you guys. EXCEPTIONAL customer service. I think it's silly how people are complaining about the sizes and prices. These are very generous sizes in my opinion. I usually can only eat half at a time and to say they are overpriced?? Did you know they use organic and local ingredients? I saw that is an AMAZING price for what you get. My favorite is the Greek salad super yummy. Me and my husband will continue to send people your way and congrats on doing so well!#supportlocalbusinesses
5	Wow...okay... How do I begin to describe how much I LOVE this place? I'm beyond obsessed. Finally there is a convenient & affordable establishment that serves super healthy,lite, fresh and high quality meals!! My husband has gotten the Santa Fe salad twice this week and he loves it. I had the Asian salad the other day and absolutely flipped over it. We've also tried the Chicken Cesar and its really good. But my absolute favorite (so far...I intend to try all of them) is the Spinach & Smoked Bacon with chicken! It blew my mind. I wanted to head back and get another one because I loved the flavor combo so much!!The portion sizes are fabulous. They definitely don't skimp on the good ingredients and you leave feeling satisfied and full but not stuffed. That's the whole point of eating healthy, right?My favorite part is being able to see them prepare your food. It just hits home that they are very careful, clean and passionate about the quality of their food that they serve.My ONLY complaint is that I wished they had one in Chandler, closer to my home. Although, they did tell me they were building more so I hope one is a little more near me. TRY THIS PLACE! YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!!
5	This is really simple - start a fast, simple, healthy restaurant and provide friendly, fairly quick service - and I'm a fan for life.  I just hit Salad and Go for about the 4th time last night - drive through every time - and it's just fantastic.  Everything is super fresh, portions are good, and friendly, energetic youngsters serving the goods.  I'm sure I'll hit this place at least twice a week - it's awesome.
5	Yum! I love this place. The salads are really fresh. I love the chicken and I am picky about chicken. I can't wait to try them all.
5	Great concept for the "on the go, no time to cook", person like me.I have always liked the convenience of fast food and now there is a healthy, delicious option with Salad and Go. I live in Central Phoenix and make it a point that anytime I'm in the Gilbert/Chandler area to stop by and grab lunch, or a salad to save for dinner. My three favorites: Spinach and Smoked Bacon, The Santa Fe, and The Asian. The portions are great for the price, huge bowls of mixed greens, tossed in handcrafted dressings, with fresh, delicious proteins available, my favorite salad topper- the grilled flank steak, Yum! Although the drive thru line is long, give it a shot, its worth it. And if you don't want to wait in the drive thru than park, and walk up to the window. Be patient, this food isn't sitting premade and ready to go, it's fresh and made to order. Good things come to those who wait, I can't wait for the restaurant to expand. Kudos to you guys at Salad and Go, for giving us a healthy option to the run of the mill, greasy burger joints that we are all guilty of stopping by for a quick bite.
5	Simple concept, executed very well.  Fresh salads, made to order, and pretty affordable.  I don't give 5 stars to many businesses, but Salad and Go is doing everything right.  I'm not a big fan of salad, but for a healthy alternative, it is really good, and there's lots of variety.  I've been twice so far, and will probably become a regular.
5	This place is fabulous!  Finally, a healthy alternative to fast food.  For near the same price you have a salad instead of driving through one of the other fast food joints that just going to make you feel crappy later.This place makes doing healthy during a crazy hectic week with the kids a doable concept....  I hope they stay around forever!My faves so far Santa Fe and BBQ Ranch.. The Santa Fe really doesn't even need any added protein and the BBQ ranch has avocados!  loaded with healthy stuff! :)
5	More game than Nintendo! That's right, this place has salads that can satisfy even manly palates.  Dare I say try the caesar salad wrap? Packed with wholesome goodness that soothes the hunger of burly Lumberjacks (at least that's what those guys in front of me in line looked like).  Lots of healthy choices here. Glad to see they are innovating to people who are concerned with convenient, tasty, and healthy meals.  Five stars. Deal with it!
5	I was excited to try this place out!  I never eat at fast food places because they gross me out.  The only places I will ever go is Chick Fil A, and In N Out, but now i can add Salad and Go to the list!  It was delicious and super convenient.  My 3 year old ate half of my salad as well!  He loved it.  I love that they are totally organic and totally fresh.  I had The Greek Salad this time and it was yum.  I am anxious to try out another item.  I hope this place not only stays in business, but thrives, so that we can have more opportunities to eat at Salad and Go where it is convenient, but healthy.
5	This place is AWESOME! Just happy that there is finally a healthy place for fast food.  I had the caprese salad and it was great!  Overall this is a place to try- easy, healthy, tastes good, and affordable prices!
3	A drive-through salad restaurant is a dream come true!   If only they were open at 6am so people could pick up a salad to take to work!   Everything tasted very fresh, and they automatically offered dressing on the side.  Thanks!So why only 3 stars?    The first time I went I ordered a Greek salad.  It was just ok, which is a shame since Greek is a fave.  No pepperoncinis, very few tomatoes, and were there Kalamata olives?   I just don't remember them.  The dressing was just salty instead of savory and flavorful.  The next time I got a Santa Fe.   DELICOUS!   FABULOUS!   The only problem here is that a Santa Fe salad should have a lot more varieties of lettuce:  add some arugula and field greens.I will be back again and again.  Hopefully I will be able to upgrade my review next time.
4	A salad is like public television. Everyone knows they should and claims they do, but most people don't. I'm not a salad eater. I never order it, but I have eaten a few tasty salads in my day...mostly homemade by others. But this fast food salad spot popped up in my neighborhood and I decided to try it.Today was my fourth visit and I was actually craving it. That's a good sign.  They've obviously worked out whatever service issues they've had because I've never waited more than a few seconds at the drive-through window to get my order.The salad is delicious and filling and I'll be going back . This is a place I hope succeeds. I only wish they posted calorie info...it is supposed to be healthy after all.
5	The food is amazing and the staff is always very friendly!
4	I'm kind of obsessed with this place. Not because it has the greatest salads on earth, but because it has a drive through and walk up window. Having never seen a fast food salad place before this is quite a novelty. Plus it is really cheap and pretty good quality. I always get the Cobb with steak.
5	I love being able to drive though and get a healthy meal for the same $$ as the gross fast food on every corner.
4	Quick, yummy and inexpensive! Location is great too.
4	Cobb salad - yummy. Fast service. Per server all chicken is antibiotic-free. Definitely worth checking out.  Wish there were inside seating but other than that - pretty awesome... looking forward to being back
5	When did this little "fast food" dream end up in my neighborhood? I went to it for lunch the same day I spotted it and ordered the caesar salad with low fat caesar dressing, some rosemary garlic prawns added, and a small lemonade. OMG, the salad was so good. It was fresh, and tasty. They ask you if you want the dressing on the side so you can add it yourself, or have it already placed into salad. That it's a drive-thru is incredible. This will be a go-to spot prior to going to work! This sort of restaurant is so overdue. The staff was very pleasant, and the service was fast.
5	This place is AWESOME! They use local ingredients, very reasonable prices, and the portions are huge. Fast and friendly. While in the drive-thru you can peek in and they are always using gloves, washing their hands, etc. A few more salad choices would be nice but it's such a  novel idea so I can't complain! Lunch time is super busy, faster to go to stand in window. Their organic sodas are also very yummy!
5	Do I eat enough vegies?  No way.  I have to get all psyched up to eat a bowl of greens.  Rabbit food.  This place opened up just there on the corner from where I live and I thought, well... good for them!  Healthy food.  Boy, that's great... I hope they make it.  It took the persuading of a friend to get me to go there with him.  And I'll tell you...If you walk up or drive up.. just go and give this place some business because it's just the best!   Check out the kids menu.  Amazing.  I mean just think if kids ate this delicious and nutritious food instead of the fast food we all grew up with.  The selection and creativity of salads is A1.  And the portion is large enough to feed 2 or 3 people as a side salad.  Price is right on.  I had the cob salad with feta cucumber dressing and I just woofed it down.  My body's like, hey! Live enzymes and their yummy!  I can feel my brain cells regenerating as I type.Just think folks.  What if we give this place so much business that they open another one and another one and  pretty soon there's more "fast food" salad restaurants than McDonald's!  Hey, I can dream, can't I?One complaint I have is the Asian salad dressing is too SPICY.
5	I'm in love. A place I can get a tasty salad without getting out of the car. NICE! But what was 5 stars all the way is the Pina Colado shake. OMG! I was in pineapple coconut heaven. I might have another one tomorrow.
5	Just moved to AZ and found this little gem! I love the concept and after trying it I love the food. I ordered the cobb salad with shrimp on top. Fresh ingredients, great dressings, you really can't go wrong. I will definitely be back to try all their varieties! Highly recommended! Fast food is now healthy!
3	I stumbled across this place as I was going to the bank. It's a small little place where you go up to the window and order. You can't go inside to sit and they have 3 small little tables outside. I got  their BBQ ranch salad. The salad was ok and reasonably priced.
5	Good variety of salads, excellent dressings and excellent price for what you get!!  Also VERY nice it gives you the caloric value of every salad WITH dressing.  Heck they even give you the caloric value of the dressings they list!!!  Its a great way to stay on track if you are watching the waistline.  I have tried this place twice and they have not disappointed.  Don't expect fancy dining here people....There is a small patio with a mister and a drive through.  Heck, I don't care if they served these from a cart!  I should have had lunch from here today....For those parents out there, a $3.99 kids meal that is ACTUALLY healthy - options are a salad or a PB & J!!!  Good value and good for your family too!
4	Finally made it to try Salad and Go.I live a good distance away so I hadn't had a chance.  I was the 3rd car in line to order.  The ordering process was fast and efficient.  It took less than 5 mintues to make it to the window.  I got the special (written on a board by the menu): strawberries, blue cheese, croutons, almonds, berry vinegrette.  I added chicken since this was my lunch.  Very fast service.  The gal at the window was very friendly.  The salad itself was huge.  Very large portion.  Lots of strawberries.  Could have used some more blue cheese.  The chicken portion was kind of small, I'd l'd like to see more for the additional charge.  But overall the salad was delicious and I will be going back for sure.  The menu has lots of options, with the addition of different proteins and different dressings, the options are endless.  I heard there will be more locations soon,and I'm really looking forward to one coming closer to my home.  This is such a great option for a quick meal on the go that doesn't include fries and a soda.  This is such a great idea.   I am very happy and will return when in the area
4	A great way to catch a good salad on the go! I love the concept and they make it affordable for everyone by limiting the space they rent so they can offer fresh organic food. They offer truly healthy options! What a nice change for fast food.
4	Please open one in the San Tan area of Gilbert!  We just moved, and I'm so sad that we are farther away!  Every neighborhood should have a quick and healthy option for lunch.  Great choices and the greek salad wrap with chicken is my go-to choice! Great people, and they always give our dog a treat if she's in the car with us!
5	Amazing!  I'm not going to lie, I'm not a salad girl.  I've never liked it and had a hard time wanting to eat it.  Then a co-worker convinced me to get lunch here one day.  I've not only gone back repeatedly, but I've gotten my husband and children into it as well, and have recommended it to many family members and friends.  My husband is diabetic, and it's so nice to have a place to go where I don't worry about what he's ordering.  The Caesar salad with the light dressing and the shrimp is something I actually crave now.  Everything I've tried has been wonderful.  The ONLY downfall is that there is just the one location.  It's kind of far from my work so I don't get to grab lunch from here very often.  Other than that, this place is totally awesome!
5	LOVE this place and so glad they opened in Gilbert, giving people a healthier alternative for "Fast Food". I'm writing this review as I'm devouring my Caprese Salad (with chicken and added cucumbers- delicious!) I LOVE that they have now added a breakfast menu, and not because I've actually tried any of those items, though I've heard they're great, but they are now open earlier so I can grab my lunch for the day at 8am and breeze through the line (seriously, took 90 seconds this morning!) Their passion fruit ice tea is delicious, and every salad I've had is awesome though I keep coming back to the Caprese and you can't beat $1.29 to add chicken! My ONLY complaint is that for the size of the salad (huge) the little side of dressing that they include isn't enough (and I'm not a crazy person when it comes to dressing, I use it sparingly) so either request another side of it, or expect to have some lettuce untouched. Overall, great food and great, speedy service. I really hope they do well and I will continue to be a loyal patron!
5	Where has this place been all my life? I would love a Salad and Go on every corner. No longer is limited time an excuse to make poor dietary choices.Enough of my rant...tried this place for the first time today and already know I'm going back tomorrow. Mr. and I shared a breakfast wrap that was packed with great breakfast flavors such as savory bacon and seasoned potatoes paired with greens and pico de gallo. Truly a breakfast of champions. I also purchased a salad for lunch (to be eaten later) and am impressed with the quality of the ingredients awaiting me.Quick and friendly service as well
5	Earlier today I was working from home and hungry, but feeling a bit too lazy to make my own food. I wanted something healthy, so I reluctantly typed "salad" into the Yelp search bar. I say "reluctantly" here because I was expecting for every restaurant that serves a boring side salad to show up on the listing, and I wouldnt find what I really wanted without really searching through menus and such.I can't tell you how excited and surprised I was when "Salad and Go" was one of the top listings. Close by! A menu of mainly Salad and Wraps! DRIVE THRU!! I couldn't believe my eyes. A DRIVE THRU salad FAST FOOD place?!? Amazing!I drove over and got the special Salad- Autumn Squash Salad, with roasted squash, pine nuts, ricotta salata, balsamic red onions, sun dried tomato dressing. I also added chicken to it, and the total was around $8. You get a HUGE portion thats incredibly filling that you dont feel guilty about. Their regular salads are $5.50, and I think its such a great deal. I have never seen a strictly healthy fast food place before, and I sure hope this isn't the last one I see! Will definitely be back :)
5	Excellent salads! You can't beat this level of quality, and service for these prices and convenience. They were even nice to our dog that they saw in the car. They are restaurant quality.
3	Salads are ok. first time here for the price it's better then getting a salad at a fast food place. Everything is fresh but just didn't love it if you eat there it smells a bit weird outside. Not sure what the smell is.
5	Love it! We live about 9 miles from here but still make the drive. The salads are very fresh and high quality. It may seem a little high in price after adding protein (chicken, steak, prawns etc) but it really isn't; you could make two meals out of if you wanted to. Just have them do the dressing on the side (with an extra) rather then toss it in and it will keep long enough to have the next day. My wife and I wish they would open one south of the San Tan 202 to save a 30 min round trip drive.
5	If there was a divine intervention god, she'd replace all the mcdonalds in the world with Salad and Go's.  But since there's not, you'll just have to get your delicious drive through salad here.
4	I was skeptical when my friend and I pulled into this standalone with a drive-thru that served nothing but salad. There are so many ways this could have gone wrong, but Salad and Go gets it right!Essentially you have about 7-8 different salads to choose from which you can add steak or chicken to which is a must in my opinion. Alone, I'm sure their salads are great, but I think 95% of the reason people inherently hate salad is because they aren't doing it right. Add some protein! The salad choices are pretty standard-caesar, caprese, cobb, etc. What makes them not so ordinary is the fresh ingredients and the fact that this is a quick and healthy lunch option. You can even get your dressing served on the side too if you're into that. They don't skimp on the toppings or the protein (if added), making their salads far above average for a fast food (and even sit down) option. They have two seasonal specials every day, a soup and a salad. The salads are a good size and can be ordered in wrap form which I prefer only because it's less of a task to eat.My only real ding on this place is the forks they provide. This sounds silly, but if you're going to serve a good, hearty salad, it should come with a fork that gets the job done. The forks here are kind of terrible and frustrating to use because they're so tiny. Honestly, if they didn't have the option to get the salad in wrap form, I'd bring my own fork.Other than that, this place is a delicious and quick lunch option in the Gilbert area. Bring your salad-hating friends here, this is a conversion experience!
5	I love the BBQ Ranch with chicken! Drive thru place with amazing salads? I'm there! This place is a gem!
5	You just can't go wrong with this place. I was there when it opened and will continue to go. The salads are great. They do have occasional varieties but wish they made some permanent. Other then that my salads usually go in a wrap. my favorite is the spinach smoked bacon with chicken on a honey wheat wrap. Recently they've had holidays shakes which you can buy a kid size incase you were curious.
4	Love, love, love this healthy and delicious fast-food option!  Drive-thru salads?  Great concept and a great product.  They keep adding more enticing items to their menu, including breakfast items, which I've not tried yet.  I love the Santa Fe and BBQ salads.  All salads come in huge bowls, so they're not skimping on the goodness!  Highly recommended!  Can't wait for the new location to open at Cooper & Warner. Rating @ 4 stars because I have so many menu items to try!
5	Their name says salad but I think the hidden gem in this restaurant is their amazing breakfasts!  For $4-5, you get a thoughtful, healthy, fresh entree that will fill you up and keep you going for the morning.  My faves are:**Peanut Butter Power Wrap on honey wheat (pb, strawberries, bananas, freshly made granola, and honey)**Breakfast Wrap on honey wheat (roasted red potatoes, egg whites, spinach, pico de gallo, avocado, cheese--and I ask for no bacon)...and I'm SO not a breakfast burrito person but trust me, these ones are GOOD!I've also tried the Warm Berry Quinoa Bowl, which I liked (but was just a bit too dry for me though--I'm more a fan of the ones made by The Uprooted Kitchen).Oh, and for the record, their salads are great too!  ;)
5	First time here and I ordered the seasonal green salad with steak. The girl who took my order was really friendly which good customer service is a huge deal to me. On top of that my salad was fresh and delicious and the perfect size. It's so nice to be able to get a yummie salad to go! I just wish this place was closer to me.
5	Unbelievably great value! My coworker told me about how good they are....I never really had the desire to drive thru before...but I am so glad I did. The salads are HUGE, really enough for 2 people! People were so  nice and friendly.This is better than salads you get at pretty much any  counter or sit down restaurant. I think I will be tasting everything on the menu sooner than later. They even have great options for kids!
4	I've been here 5 or 6 times. I haven't had anything I didn't like.  All of the salads are delicious.
5	I'm writing this review as I'm shoveling their Southwest Kale Salad into my mouth. It's divine. So many flavors and delicious textures AND I don't have to pick out the questionable looking lettuce that you'd find in a regular fast-food salad..... This place gets it 100% spot on. Fresh, healthy, delicious, and fast! My salad today was $7.55 and it is definitely more than 1 full serving. Get the dressing on the side and you can save it for a second meal, or split with a friend. If I can eat lunch for less than $4 every day, you can bet I'll be back often.
5	Love love love, and so excited a new location is opening by my house...well, could be dangerous. This is perfect for healthy living on the go. Went for dinner & got a 2nd salad for lunch the next day. They are huge! Very fresh & filling. Tried the Greek & Caprese, both with gardein...good choice. The warm quinoa bowl or the banana kale smoothie are also good pics for a quick breakfast. Service is quick & friendly. Love that they support locally, like Bergies for coffee. Will definitely come back.
5	Love this place. The food is amazing and everyone is always super friendly. The vegetarian protein option is delicious and it's really nice that the staff is knowledgeable about which salads, dressings, etc are vegetarian/ vegan.
5	Update: Still DELICIOUS. Decided to try out their breakfast this morning and it didn't disappoint. I had the peanut butter power wrap. A pretty basic idea that I remember having as a kid, but it's still yummy and a great quick breakfast. I was in the drive thru at 7 AM and I asked if I could order a salad, LOL. Of course they said "Yes" so I got one for lunch! Have I mentioned I love this place?!  A suggestion for Salad N Go: Start a punch card system.
4	I remember when they first opened and I tried their Cobb Salad...I was not impressed for some reason. I'm not sure why... maybe because they just opened and it wasn't good before? A Couple months later,  I started to give this place another try and then another and then another....Then I found myself going here like every week! I tried most of their salads on their menu and I tried their kale/banana & strawberry/kale drink which was surprisingly really good. I must say that I am a big fan of this place now and on days where I don't want to cook but I want something healthy, this is the go to spot for me. I'm actually glad that this place opened because instead of fast food drive thru's there is now a salad on the go!  I'm a little bummed that they don't have their special anymore though...it was the butternut squash salad. That was my all time favorite but their special right now which is the kale caesar is also very tasty! Their salads are fresh and for the price they give you a lot! Go check it out!
3	Service was great, a lot of salad for not a lot of money which is why I heard to try it, "good bang for your buck, AND it's healthy" BUTIt is truly the FAST food of salads, the quality was not there.I ordered a Greek salad- LOTS of lettuce, not very many other ingredients, an the dressing.. :-( Honestly, what makes a salad is the dressing!! The main reason I get a Greek salad is it is one of the lower calorie yummy dressings with the most flavor. Not this one, it's thick, creamy, bland and didn't add flavor at all.I'd rather get a 5 piece chicken nugget and a side salad at Wendy's that has much better dressing, much more satisfying, less calories AND less money.
5	It's really the one secret that Doctors Hate.This is pretty much the only "fast-food" that I will eat.  Or in a pinch,  I'll go to Subway, because I personally think yoga mats are delicious with a little mustard and pickle.  What can I say about Salad and Go that hasn't already been said about the wheel, sliced bread, or purses with designer labels printed in patterns all over them?   I could pretty much eat here exclusively.  If I were still a student I probably would.The service is always fast and friendly.  Even if I go during peak lunch or dinner hour there is a never a long wait.  When I see more than 4 cars in the drive-through I use the walk-up window.   I enjoy the seasonal offerings, but I always end up going back to my favorite "The Greek".  The salads are BIG, and they'll keep well if you ask for the dressing on the side.  It's obvious that they are made fresh.  There are always a pile of staff chopping away in that tiny kitchen.  I absolutely LOVE the place!The only thing I would suggest would be to add more high quality protein options, maybe partner with a local sustainable supplier.  I currently add my own protein at home because I haven't found the addition offered to be satisfying.   But again - the place is great.  I wish they'd open up on every corner.   We need more healthy options like this.
4	Really loved it! Went there today for my first time! Had always wanted to try it! i go there and i ordered, everything was perfect when i got home! Huge portion for the price! love everything and will be back very soon! I Also took my dog and the lady at the window gave her a biscuit :) A+ in my book!
4	What an incredible concept. It seems as though this would be a bad idea to specialize in one thing, but it's actually genius. I watch what I eat carefully so I'm always interested in finding healthy alternatives to the junk food that is taking over this area, so to find a place like this made me jump for joy! This is really a hidden gem!They have an EXTENSIVE menu of salads and they all sound delicious. They also have wraps and breakfast foods so you can pretty much stop by here night and day and get super healthy food for breakfast/lunch/dinner. They also have a calorie count on the board so you can make the healthiest choice for you. I like this and wish all restaurants would do this.I pulled up to a very friendly voice offering help and decided on the Santa Fe (it was a tough choice!). They ask about dressing and whether you want it on the side or tossed (which is so nice) and then you seriously have your order almost as soon as you pull to the window. The reason for the four stars is because of the visibility issue below and the fact that, while this salad was DIVINE, the items that go in the salad are lots and lots of lettuce, little bits of everything else. This particular salad had red pepper (which I did not taste), corn, tomatoes, beans, cilantro, jicama and cojito cheese. There was very little of any of that, but enough to know that I would eat this every day if the mixings were more abundant. I understand the salad is less than $6, but it really is a lot of lettuce with just a tease of flavor making you want more. Which you don't get. The flavors are delicious together, they really know what they're doing with a salad, but just give me more filling items and I'll be SO happy! The ONE thing I would seriously advise (and this actually peeves me so much thinking about it that I have to try not to blow my top) is that when you pull OUT of the drive-thru that you go SLOWLY and look BOTH WAYS. I almost got t-boned by a truck hauling a$$ through the parking lot because I couldn't see as I was pulling out. They have some serious issues with visibility there. It's dangerous - the guy swerved hard to miss me. So, I'll definitely be back, but hope they fix the minor issues to make this a standout amongst junk food that has taken over everywhere!
3	Love the concept of a drive thru salad joint. The thought and care that went into designing it was obvious. After a few trips though, I found that even after adding protein to my salads I just wasn't satisfied. The food is quality and the staff friendly and the menu is great.
4	Friendly staff.Great selection. Love that you can make any salad a wrap and have 2 wrap choices. Good value as portions generous. Ingredients very fresh. Love that they asked how I wanted dressing..only complaint was that the shrimp was a little bland and undercooked. I will definitely be back and highly recommend going there. This place takes customer service and their product very seriously..
4	Had the Cobb Salad in a wrap. It was huge and the price was right. This place is good and I love local and original restaurants. It is primarily a takeout place, but there is an outdoor seating area that is well shaded and has a mist system. Food was good, service was quick, and all in all I am sure to be back.
5	Fantasic!! Need a location in Tempe ASAP!
5	Perfect to satisfy healthy cravings, both simple and decadent salad options, fresh, fast, and amazingly large portions! $5.50 for a salad on the go, I wish this place was on ever corner!
5	Love their bbq ranch salad with the marinated steak! It's super filling and keeps you full! The kids meals are awesome my son loves the turkey and cheese and the turkey cucumber pinwheels! This is a great place to go for lunch!
5	My only complaint is there aren't more of these. I was so impressed with the concept, I actually went to their website to inquire about a franchise... (which I can't afford, but still...) Huge portion sizes, super quick service, reasonable prices. Gourmet custom salads on the go... they definitely have a niche vs. taking forever to go to paradise bakery.
5	I cannot get enough of Salad N Go... If they maintain all of their same standards as the original Gilbert location, at all of the expansion locations, their growth will be Epic!!The Caesar Salad with "Double order of add on Prawns" is amazing. Lightly tossed with Dressing.
5	I go to Salad and Go every chance I get! My family lives in Gilbert, so I stop by here first. I like it because it's the only fast food that's healthy! They also let me drop of flyers for roller derby :)I get the Caprese salad with Gardien. The Black Cherry Boylan's soda is fantastic! Also, they have a ton of options for iced coffee--soy milk, almond milk, low-fat milk, hazelnut, vanilla, caramel...Only one request...please, please, please open a location in Arcadia!
5	Everything is perfect: huge, gourmet salads at a reasonable price in a DRIVE-THRU!!! These guys have a great concept.
5	Fantastic food! For the salad, you do have option to have it wrapped. It's similar how sonic setup since there's no eat in dine. Three tables outside. Hence the name of the place where it says "and go". Ideal for someone in hurry and still get great healthy food. One of the workers knows sign language that makes our experience with communication much easier.
5	Absolute, hands down best fast food trip ever!
4	This is my family's newest favorite fast food choice, and I hope we never get tired! Their menu was easy to understand and everything we've ordered has been great. I haven't tried the drive-through yet but my wife says it's easy to order and quick there as well. I'd recommend the Caesar salad with chicken!
5	Stopped at the Cooper and Warner location this morning.  The breakfast bowl is delicious!  Very surprised by the flavor.  Egg whites were perfectly done.  Iced Bergies coffee is always the best!  This will be my new 1 x a week treat!
5	We eat there 3 to 4 times a week. We love all their salads, and their honey wheat wrap is incredible. All the crew is always very nice, especially to our dogs. The owners really care and put their hearts into the business. They are all about customer service. Can't express enough how fresh and very tasty the salads are (huge portions). We eat at both locations!
5	Stopped by on our walk for smoothies. Server is super nice. Smoothies are delish and we personally saw them drop fruits and veggies in the blender... No strange unidentifiable powders.
5	I just tried this place and it was fantastic! There are many options to choose from and anything is customizable. All the salads are only 5.55, which is a fantastic deal considering how huge they are! Produce was all fresh and the service was fast and friendly. This is a great alternative for fast food places. I will definitely be going here again. Heads up, this is not a dine in type place. It has a walk up window with outdoor seating, and a drive thru. However the outdoor seating has misters and is shaded :)
5	Love it!!! My favorite is the Greek with steak!!! Soooo good!!! I go at least 1-2 times a week!
2	I went to the new Salad and Go on Higley and Williams Field Rd. It just opened a couple of weeks ago and was excited to see what it was all about. I ordered the cobb salad and was very disappointed. First there was lots of lettuce and it looked clean and fresh. However the rest of the ingredients were very much lacking: eggs, blue cheese crumbles (almost none), bacon (chopped so fine and spooned on to) and 1 very tiny slice of avocado. There were lots of tomatoes. Since I didn't open it until I got home I was pleasantly surprised at the size. That being said they gave one little container of water downed blue cheese dressing. No way would it have dressed the entire salad. I was willing to pay the $5.69 for the salad but did not get my money's worth with the extra ingredients for sure. I will go back and order a different salad to see if I can get a 5 star salad next time. I would certainly look closely at the list of ingredients and compare it to what you actually get.
5	Love this place, wish it wasn't so expensive but what organic healthy food isn't a lot.
5	I love Salad and Go. This location (the first location ever opened BTW) is right by my work so I go pretty often. The service just gets better and better every time I go. I really enjoy all the salads and smoothies. There isn't a bad one in the bunch. The seasonal options keep every visit interesting. The seasonal strawberry almond with ginger dressing salad is definitely one to try when they have it on the menu. I read the following article a while back about Salad and Go and think it is important to share:http://saladandgo.com/blog/i-just-want-you-to-know-that-you-saved-my-life/ The article points out exactly why Salad and Go is truly great! I really hope they continue to succeed and hope they can open more and more locations. Thanks Salad and Go for taking such pride in providing a great fast and easy option for good food.
5	I love everything about this healthy lunch spot. It's convenient and so super fast. I have never waited longer than 5 minutes in line, which is nice with two kids in the car. There ingredients are always fresh and I trust the food I'm eating is top quality. I especially love the southwest salad and the Asian salad. The Serrano like dressing is absolutely delicious! My 4 year old always gets a smoothie and polishes off the entire thing before we even get home. Just recently got breakfast here and the quinoa bowl and yogurt parfait were top notch. Never disappoints, and flavors are always consistent.
5	I stop here fairly regularly on my way to work, because they open early. I pick up a salad for my lunch, and they are always so contentious about putting the dressing on the side (you can get it tossed with the dressing if you like) and putting any crunchy tortilla strips or croutons in a baggie if you want so that they don't get soggy before lunchtime. They are very accommodating if you ask for different types of lettuce or want to have all spinach. They use local and organic produce when possible, and genuinely care about customer satisfaction. I haven't tried anything from the breakfast menu except the Peanut Butter crunch power wrap, but is it DEVINE.  You really can't go wrong with this place!
5	Me (and my office) are obsessed with Salad and Go! This place just rocks, not only is it a healthy choice but a filling choice! The salads are a great size and about $6 each, service is fast and friendly, and the location is easily accessible. I can't wait to try their breakfast some time!
5	Ok, seriously why did no one think of this spectacular idea before? Healthy, reasonably priced salad drive thru. Oh and not to be forgotten, AMAZING breakfast. My obsession with Salad and Go started in a cool morning with a warm berry quinoa bowl. So feeling good! It'll make you forget you ever had any desire for oatmeal in your past life. Then I tried a caprese salad and the obsession grew. It's a HUGE salad (seriously three meals worth for me) bursting with pesto and balsamic. And for a little over $5?? Sold. Then, addiction set in with a breakfast bowl. Anytime someone wants to give me red potatoes, pico de gallo and avocado for breakfast, I am totally in...at first I thought it was odd that's it's really more of a salad breakfast bowl (ie: the tons of fresh spinach leaves they serve up for you for breakfast) but holy breakfast...mix that in with some egg whites and I am SOLD for life on this. Oh...and the iced coffee? Yum. I am such a coffee snob and I love theirs. Everyone is super friendly and they even have organic dog bones for the furry kids if you bring them along for the ride. Grab a salad and go at your next available opportunity, you will thank me (and them).
1	salad was drenched in dressing I got a chicken Cobb salad and there was nothing but lettuce a few tomatoes and no eggs! it was disgusting!
1	I was really excited about this place. The salad was awful! I opened the container and it smelled like old lettuce. The tomatoes were mush and the kalamatas were diced so small I could barely find them. I won't be back :(
4	Why didn't I think of a drive through salad place?  Genius!  Salads are fresh and fast!
4	I've been meaning to check this place out for a long time. I was in the area and decided to stop in. The serving size is great for the price. The veggies were fresh and I liked the dressing as well. If I'm in the area around lunch time I will def be back.
5	Spot on. Seriously. Great HUGE salad quick friendly service! They need more locations... But then I'd be there daily. I'll be back.
5	I love Salad and Go. The delicious salads and nice employees make my day.  Eating here is making me more healthy.   It's a very convenient drive through with outdoor seating.  It's clean and the owners care about us.  The manager was patient with me when I asked about organics. They serve large filling salads for an inexpensive price.As a single person who has fresh food spoil in the refrigerator, I would like to divert my whole grocery budget to them.
4	This is the spot to go if you want to eat healthy and are to lazy to make a salad. The salads here are pretty bomb though. So unless you got some mad salad making skills come here to get it. They have monthly chef special salad, where the chef likes to get creative with unique ingredients to wow your taste buds. The other salad are pretty much what you expect out of a salad: fresh, healthy, and delicious.
5	Holy crap- if you love bang for your buck, then you're at the right place! HUGE salad and good size soup. I've never tried this place before and I will be back.  Quick service also.
5	very good option when you feel like eating out but have to stick to a meal plan. I usually get the warm berry quinoa bowl it's delicious! I have also tried the spinach bacon and egg bowl very good as we'll and fully loaded! I was surprised when I took my husband today he ordered the spinach and bacon wrap with steak and he loved it I am so glad he approved he said he wants to come back :)
5	Huge salads, steak isn't dry, very delicious! I love the soda options. The Caprese salad is my favorite!
