5	Backed out of the garage today with the door down! I called today at 2:30. He was at my home within a half hour. Fixed my entire door for a MORE than reasonable and fair price. He was super and honest and didn't try to sell me a whole new door like I was afraid was going to happen. His work is detailed and he is very neat and left my garage exactly how it was when he got there. 10 stars would be better!!!
5	I had my garage door bend as it was opening...I quickly called around and had a tech come out to my house and told me I would have to replace my garage door and it would cost me $1500...I was so disappointed I left the garage door as is for over a month....when I had no choice but to fix the door I starting searching again and I found Jeff Dreikosen he quickly came out to my house...within 1:30 he looked at the door and I was scared he was going to tell me the same thing the other tech did..that I would have to replace my door and I was waiting for him to tel me a number like $1500....but to my surprise he said no way and he reinforced my door and he fixed within 1 hour and it works great...I have a garage door again!!!!...here is the best part $350... WOW definitely recommend...Jeff good job I'm very happy I found you.
5	Called Jeff and said I had someone break in to the garage and my Harley was at risk. He showed up in less than an hour and fixed the door quick and inexpensive. Super professional. This is your guy.
5	I called Jeff in the morning , described that I needed a new spring and snapped cable, he asked what time , I said 2 he came at 1:30 and was done by 1:40! He is awsome! Professional, fast and his service comes with a 90 day warranty on his service and 5 year warranty on his springs! I'm so glad I called him! The last company I called : ASAP garage services didn't even bother to come out for my appointment! And I couldn't even call them back their phone is off the hook! What!? Anyway call Jeff he wont disappoint you!! We even tipped him out we felt because he was that awsome!!!
5	Quickly discovered what problems were with my broken garage door, and quickly resolved all issues. Replaced all parts that needed to be repaired for a very fair price. Explained and showed me issues with the original install that caused my door to break....and made it right. Also, repaired additional items that were above and beyond quote.
3	I have to say that Jeff is professional and punctual and he did get my garage door to where it opened again.  So thank you for that.However, I had to remove the light lense again to figure out why both lights were not working.  Turns out that the both were "shorted" during the repair and just simply needed new bulbs.  I would have thought this would have been checked before the job was completed as I was charged $35 for the service call, $50 for the part repair and $45 for a door tune-up.With regards to the door tune-up . . . I'm not sure what this entailed, but I would have thought it should cover spraying the hings on the garage door with silicon to reduce the noise.  However, he did tell my wife he was out of the silicon spray and for her to buy it at Home Depot herself.  But this probably should be included in a $45 door tune-up charge.
5	Jeff is very professional, honest, and fast.  Needed new springs for the garage door on a rental and he was on time, fixed it in less than an hour, was honest about what needed to be done (replaced springs for $165) Even my renters were impressed that the problem could be fixed so quickly.   He also offered a 90 day warranty and 5 years on the springs.  Super awesome and highly recommended!
5	Two Thumbs Up!   Called Jeff and he had someone out to look at my Garage door within an hour.  Fixed my Garage door for Hundred's of Dollars less than what I was being quoted by other companies. Thank you YELP & Thank you Dreikosen Garage Door Service!!!!!
5	Great service, Called Jeff and he sent someone within the hour, the cost was as expected, $150.00 for the gear & service the door, told me about the overhaul in the next year or two when it breaks again (the coil) for $ 300.00.  Sounds like a good idea when it breaks again.  Will call again for any garage door issues.
5	I called Dreikosen after seeing their reviews on Yelp and like most reviews, have good things to report.  They showed up on time, their price was about $200.00 less than Precision, they fixed my opener for free although Precision wanted to charge $100.00 for a new circuit board when it was really just a displaced wire, my garage doors work great and are much quieter.  I will for sure call them again should the need arise.
5	Let me join the list of 5 star reviewers for Dreikosen.  When I left for the gym this morning, the garage door made a different sound when it got to the bottom.  When I came back home, I realized why.  It just didn't shut, it banged shut because of a broken spring and one cable that snapped, too!I was going to wait until my neighbors were up before calling to see who they had do their door when it happened to them earlier this year and then I realized--Yelp--why wait to call anyone.  I look on Yelp for garage repair services and up came a bunch of different companies but only one had many entries with mostly 5 stars.  I called and Jeff answered the phone promptly.  I explained about the cable (at that time I hadn't noticed the spring) and he said he'd have someone here by 11 AM.  (I told Jeff how I found his company and he was appreciative of Yelp).  At about 10:20, I got a call from Travis who said he was on his way.  He arrived just before 11, went to the garage with me, and quickly diagnosed the problems.Within a very reasonable time frame, the spring was replaced with double springs which is what the door should have had in the first place, two new cables were installed on each side, and the cheap plastic wheels were replaced with rollers with ball bearings.  The price was excellent for the work that needed to be done.Travis was polite, pleasant, and very professional.  He knows his stuff.  The garage door is so much more quiet now than it's been in the 11 years I've lived here.  If you need garage door repair, you need to call Jeff at Dreikosen.  It's a local firm and they are very, very good and deserving of the 5 star rating!
5	I have used other vendors to fix garage doors over the past decade or so here in Vegas and never have I been anywhere close to as pleased as I am with Dreikosen Garage Door Service. A friend had a garage door "quit" last night and asked me to help get it fixed. I called this outfit in no small part based on other consumer reviews. NONE were overstated.Jeff, the owner gave me a window of time when I could expect his service tech to show up. His service tech, a young man by the name of Travis, called me as that window was closing to let me know he might be a few minutes late. He wasn't.I have (annoyingly) had ample experience in garage door failures so I am a bit of a critic about everything. Travis took all of about ten seconds to correctly identify the failure and presented me with a couple of options; i.e. minimal repair to make the stupid thing work or a complete overhaul of the moving parts. I opted for the overhaul and I am glad that I did. Travis never stopped moving for the next hour. He had all the parts needed, all the tools needed, and an impressive knowledge of all the mechanisms and materials. He told me it would take about an hour. It did...just an hour and not more.Travis installed STEEL bearings vs. base metal or even plastic bushings like those that were on the original. New high end rollers vs. the cheap plastic or the quick to wear out cheap metal rollers were installed and new (dual) high end coil springs were installed vs. the lower quality and less durable springs that other vendors have installed for me.And the bottom line is that it cost me less than what another vender charged me for the almost exact same problem not a month or two ago in a rental property of mine.You cannot go wrong with this service provider.And being a former military professional, a professional appearance is important to me; it says a lot about who you are dealing with. Travis looked like a much younger (and smaller) version of "the Maytag Repairman" and his truck looked like it had just rolled out of an auto detailing shop. VERY professional in every respect.i am sure that I will be doing follow-on business with this vendor in the future.
5	Five SHINING stars for this service provider. I have (annoyingly) had to deal with garage door problems in the dozen years that I have lived in Vegas and I have about run the entire scale from EXPENSIVE to dirt cheep and none have come even close to the level of service this company provides.I was given a window of time when the tech would arrive. The tech called a few minutes before the end of the window to say he might be a few minutes late. He was not.The tech arrived in a professional looking truck (looks better than mine) and was dressed like a professional technician.He had all the parts needed (that door REALLY needed only the parts that should move).The tech's knowledge was thorough and his willingness to answer "dumb" questions from me was commendable.The tech estimated the time to overhaul the decrepit door and set about keeping that schedule with great efficiency. Would I hire this service provider again?I just did.Another property just developed an "issue" and I would not consider hiring anyone else.
5	We called them to replace a garage door spring that had broken.  I had no idea who to contact for this job, so I searched here on yelp and found them.  Jeff showed up exactly on time and fixed the problem.  He was very nice, very hard working, and provided us with a warranty.  We would definitely contact him again for any other garage door issues that we may have in the future.  We are so glad we read the reviews here and used their services.
5	Our garage door suddenly stopped opening and we couldn't find the info about the repair company we used in the past.  I read the reviews on Yelp for Dreikosen and we called him.  I have to concur with the great reviews on yelp for Jeff's service.  He came the next day, discovered a broken spring, made all the necessary repairs, and charged less than "the other guys."One compliment is also a nit:  we'll never again wrack our brains to remember who we used, since Jeff stapled his card right over the garage door opener.  Very helpful.  But I'm less appreciative of the fact that he didn't ask permission before doing it, since he used heavy-duty staples that will leave permanent holes in our nicely painted garage.  Not a biggie, or enough to remove a star, just a suggestion to Jeff for the future.
5	I came home to find that our garage door would not open, and was making a grinding noise as if the door was off track.  I allotted my husband 2 weeks to try to fix it, and I decided to call a professional, when it was still not working.  I called the first company that came up in a google search, and expected them between 1100 and 1300.  When no one showed up, I searched Yelp and found Jeff.  I called him and had to leave a message, but within 5 minutes he was returning my call.  He was at my door by 1350. When he arrived, he immediately recognized the problem, and fixed it.  By 1430, my garage was in full working order and I was able to go on my way.  I would highly recommend Dreikosen.
5	Jeff came out & installed my new opener & replaced my broken springs. Very fair prices & quality workmanship. I highly recommend Dreikosen Garage Door.
5	My experience with Jeff was great. He came to the house on a Sunday explained what needed to be done and how much. He was professional and thorough, the price was very reasonable. Would recommend to anyone who has garage door problems.
5	I had initially put off repairing my garage door as it was difficult to weed through the clutter to figure out who to call. But thanks to Yelp, I narrowed down my search and was glad I ended up going with Dreikosen. I called Jeff and he was here working within the hour. He explained everything he was doing and what it would take to get it done. He handled the job great and I'll be sure to recommend him to anyone that needs work on their garage doors.
5	Our spring broke and we decided to research via Yelp and other sites. I called people with good reviews and we decided to go with Jeff as we found that the price he quoted was consistent based on information from other posters on Yelp and elsewhere. He came quickly and worked for half an hour.  The door runs better and smoother than it has for three years. Pleased with the repair.Also, despite my absent mindedness ( I'd been going on day 5 without much sleep) in trying to give him directions to our house and writing the 15 th on a check rather than the 5th, Jeff was pretty decent about me flaking out which i rarely do. Thanks Jeff and I hope we will not need to call you soon but if we have an issue well be sure to call you and next time I promise to be with the program. Keep up the good work!
5	These guys have the lowest prices in the valley.  I spent quite a long time comparing prices.  He was very quick and very friendly also.
5	Wonderful service. Great prices. Will recommend to everyone. Jeff was on time and cleaned up all the mess.
5	Same day service, and arrived early.  Very efficient, good pricing (compared to previous services by another vendor).
5	Jeff was Great... The garage door was stuck half open and broken and bent. I called and He came the same day.  Gave me a fair price and replaced my broken garage door in less than 2 hours. Amazing. Great Service, Great Value. A++++++Douglas B.,  Green Valley....
5	Good price and service as well. I will recomand my friends and family..thanks
5	Our garage door came off it's tracks due to a weakened spring.  Jeff was able to come out the same day we called.  He was fast, professional and courteous.  He was able to answer all the questions we had regarding garage doors and any maintenance that needed to be done.  He recommended some improvements to the garage door which have made its operation quieter and tuned up the areas that needed it.  His prices were great and we knew exactly what we were paying for along with warranties on the work and parts. If we have any issues with our garage door, we know exactly who to call.
5	SAVE YOURSELVES THE TROUBLE and STOP LOOKING....this is the # to call.!!So glad I called Jeff, thanks to all the Yelp reviews. I too am a 5-star rater. I had a crack in a panel which caused the garage to buckle when it was lifted. I called the Anytime Garage Door guys first and they quoted me a ridiculous amount for a new garage door. $1600!! they must be outta their minds. as if I don't have access to the internet to find out how much doors really cost.....come to find out they scam folks all the time...never go to them.  So thanks to Yelp, I found Jeff and he priced me way under that quote. $500 to replace all 4 panels and hinges. He got back to me right away, did the entire negotiation via text! that was a first. He never came out to the house to measure, I did all that for him (just needs length & height), and sent him pictures of the garage door, save him the drive. And now, garage is fixed. He even found a few minor things that needed to be adjusted and he took care of that as well, no extra charge.He did not hard-staple his business card on my garage wall like he did with the other reviewers, but I wouldn't have mind anyway. He did a great job, was honest, and I will definitely recommend him to anyone needing any repairs to their garage door.
5	Within an hour of calling Jeff he was at our house and the garage door coils were replaced. He was very friendly, efficient and the least expensive quote we received. Very pleased
4	Well, I can honestly say I had a good experience with Jeff. He was very prompt and got the job done very quick at my rental property! I don't even live in the Las Vegas area and we did everything over the phone & text messages with accuracy! I highly recommend!
5	I called Jeff after seeing the raving reviews he had on Yelp.  And I can proudly say that he lived up to his reputation.  My garage door system was a mess; he re-wired the entire system and neatly tucked away all the cords.  He replaced the one spring that was pulling the door to two new springs that can share the weight, not to mention aligning the door to make sure both sides closed evenly.  In addition, he came back the second time to reinforce the door due to the weight of insulation and switched all of the wheels from plastic to metal.  In a nut shell, Jeff was pleasant, knowledgeable, experienced (he father was in the same business, so he learned from a young age), neat and very-well priced.  I couldn't be happier to continue using Jeff for all future garage door issues and recommend him to family & friends.
5	Jeff is absolutely the man to call for anything to do with garage door. Great customer service and outstanding quality of work. Best of all... unbeatable prices! I'm so happy I found Jeff through Yelp. I highly recommend him and I will definitely use him again should I ever need my garage door fixed. Promise you'll won't regret it. He is the best!!
5	Well our garage door opener at our renal gave out and we needed replaced. I found Jeff on yelp.   Read the reviews and then called for an appointment.  Jeff contacted our tenet and within 24 hours our tenet's garage was working......what can I say in this day and age,  hard to find great attention to service.   Thanks Jeff for a great job well done,   Mahalo,
5	**UPDATE**Had another issue with my garage door opener this time. None of my remotes or keypad would open/close the door. Spoke to Jeff, diagnosed it as a bad "receiver". He advised me to get a chamberlain receiver, but I couldn't find it at Lowes or Sears. Ended up buying a Craftsman for like $70 @ Sears.it included 1 new remote clicker also. Didn't want to try and do it myself, called Jeff and came out here on a Sunday, installed it and it works fine. Jus paid $75 for labor. My old remote clickers won't work (old garage opener from like 2000) so I'll have to buy 2 more universal clickers. Fairly cheap at any store. Once again, great job to Jeff!!! :)
5	What service!  Sitting at home on a Saturday, when BOOOOOMMMM.  What was that?  The garage door spring busted.  And both of our cars were inside the garage.  We were quite literally stranded.We called this place on a Saturday at 6:00 pm, expecting to get a voice mail or to leave a message.  NO.  Someone picked up!!  On Saturday.  At 6:00 pm.  Whhaaattt?  We told him the situation and he said, "OK, I'll be there at 11:00 tomorrow."  Wow, ok.Sunday morning comes and Jeff, the owner, calls around 9:30 and says he's running early and would we mind if he came about an hour earlier than scheduled.  Umm, YES.  Awesome.Jeff arrived and was very quick and blunt.  Just asked which way to turn in the hallway in order to get to the garage, assessed the damage, and started working.  And he didn't dilly dally.  He was like NASCAR pit crew speedy with these springs.  He was quick, clean, efficient, and his work comes with a warranty.I've got no complaints.  I truly appreciate that he answered the phone on a Saturday evening and came out on a Sunday to fix our problem so that we could, you know, GET OUR CARS OUT and go to work on Monday.  Thanks Jeff!
5	Jeff was great and very efficient. Changed the broken spring in a matter of 20-30 minutes. Definitely someone I would never be ashamed of recommending to my friends! :)
5	It's 11/23/13 at 1pm and "Boom!" garage door spring explodes.So I log on to my favorite website yelp, to search for garage door repair companies and I find Dreikosen Garage Door Service has great reviews.I call the number and Jeff answers.  I tell him my plight and he says he will be there in 10 minutes.  I said "What?!?".  It's 1pm on a Saturday and you will be here in 10 minutes.  I was so blown away I didn't even ask the price.Within 10 minutes he pulls up in a white box van.  I have him back into my driveway and out he comes.  Now Jeff is a 36 year old, who has been doing garage doors is entire life.   He is covered in garage door grease and wearing shorts on a 50 degree rainy day.   He has a unique way of doing things and he knows exactly what he is doing.  I decide to hang out with him and "help" or at least learn how he does what he does.  My garage door was only equipped with a single spring.  I had always thought that was not enough, so when Jeff began to tell me he felt 2 would work better I just said, "How much?" knowing I wanted 2 anyway.  "$185" he tells me.  Again, blown away.  My Dad just had one replaced by a large company for $200 out the door.  I said "Let's do it."Now this guy can move, he was practically running.  The entire job was done in 20 minutes, including moving one of my buttons to a better location, lubing every joint, wheel and moving part on the door, and a slight adjustment to my wiring that was all over the place.I could not be happier.  This guy was amazing.  The bad review about stapling his card to the garage wall?  He asked first.  And I had him staple it to my work bench.  I will call him for any and every repair.  I recommend any yelper do the same.
5	I have no hesitation in recommending Dreikosen. I called at noon and Jeff told me he could meet me at the house at 430. He showed up on time, quickly diagnosed the problem (broken spring) and got to work. It took about 20 minutes and cost $185 to replace both springs with a 90 day labor warranty and a 5 year warranty on the springs.Jeff was pleasant, professional, and he did the job quickly. He is now our go-to garage door/opener guy.
5	When my family's garage door wouldn't open, I typed in garage door service on Yelp. Dreikosen was the first result, and there's a reason why. Jeff is amazing at what he does.The torsion spring and the cables on both sides of the garage snapped. It took 3 people to open the garage so we could get the cars out. I called Jeff and first got his voicemail. After leaving a message, he called back within 10 minutes to set up an appointment for this past Friday. I was extremely grateful that he could come by the day after Thanksgiving and up here to our part of town. He gave me a very straightforward explanation of what needed to be down (replace the cables on both sides and put two springs). Our garage had only one and he recommened putting two. WIth a 90-day labor warranty and a 5-year part warranty for $185, I told him to go for it. Jeff was done within 20 minutes. If you ever need garage door service/repair, please give Jeff a call. He doesn't appear to have a website and says he gets all of his business from Yelp. After seeing all of the raving 5-star reviews and adding 5 stars of my own, it's a no brainer.
5	Jeff lived up to his online reputation.  When our door broke, there were so many options, but his name came up consistently at the top.  I called him at 9:00 pm after trying to fix it myself and he agreed to come by 11:00 the next morning.  He was 20 minutes early which was awesome.  A quick repair, tune-up, and we were back in business.  Broken spring on a 20' door.  Cost was about $250, which is right about where I thought it would be.  He didn't do the card thing others have written about, so that wasn't an issue.  Will definitely call him for all garage door needs.
1	Bad service. Garage door failed two months after expensive repair. When repair man went to fix it, he quoted me $60 and tried to charge $100 from my tenant. Got into huge argument with my tenant, did fix anything or diagnose anything. Lied about repaired the door. I had to pay $65 for nothing. Dont use them
5	We had these guys out about a month ago. He was quick, professional, and the cost is reasonable. Our Springs broke and he told us if they broke again within the next 90 days he would replace them for free, even if it was due to homeowner error (which was why the ones he replaced broke). 100% recommend these guys!
5	Called Jeff after reading his reviews on Yelp. I had moved out of my rental and my wife had parked her car too close to the to the door...it came down and broke the opener..With that I had put off the repair but when moving out I wanted to return the house to its original move in condition. I gave Jeff a call and we set an appointment up for the next day. I was running late but told Jeff how to get in the the garage and that I would be there in 10 minutes. Upon my arrival he was about finished..WOW not only was he early which is unheard of but the job was almost done. He replaced the belt drive unit at a very reasonable price and was in and out in less than 1hr. I would recommend Dreikosen to anyone who wanted honest, fast service without hesitation. This guys is the best at what he does you would be a fool to look elsewhere. As far as the one negative review this man has on this site.....This was not the man that repaired my opener, the man that repaired my opener was ON IT, must be mistaken identity....CHEERS.
5	Well,my personal garage door spring broke and needed repair.  Called Jeff and his super service can to our rescue.  Thanks Jeff.        We went to double spring. Better idea.    Both can't  break at the same time.
5	The local company from whom I originally bought the door got so frustrated with the installation that they just walked away from it and never billed me.  I went without a functioning door for ages because I thought it was a lost cause.  It took Jeff 45 minutes and my door works!  It just takes the right guy with the right tools.  I'm so glad he got their money after all that time!
5	Bought a 25 yr old townhome as my new residence. Gut job. After removing old appliances and professional painters, garage door did not work. Looked at Yelp for help. Was pleased with what I read about Dreikosen: but the actual experience was even better than the reviews!! On time (actually early) and he really knew his stuff. No upsell, no gloom and doom, and a very fair price.
5	I read the reviews and phoned at 8:00 pm last night ( Sunday)Jeff has already been, replaced the springs for heavier duty springs, with warranty.He charged me $185, exactly what I was told, and all is fixed, clean and tidy and it is only 11:30 Monday! Oh and his 8 year old helper was very good and respectful!Wow!
5	He repaired the broken spring fast and efficiently. I called him at 7am and he was there at 9:15 am. He replaced both springs, on the same door, at the same time to keep everything in balance. The price was higher then other reviews, at $195, but I was still happy to have the door back in operation so soon. I strongly recommend him for broken door springs. (No, I'm not the same Steve H as below... simply a coincidence. )
5	I had garage door damaged in the middle of the night. This guy was the only one that cared enough to come out in the middle of the night... I cant say thanks enough Jeff.... Your the best!!!! highly recommend...plus this guy really knows what he is talking about.
5	Im not a "Yelper" but I went out of my way to write this one. If you use anyone else your crazy. He was at my house 12 hours after I called and replaced my spring and did some maintenance on the garage door in under 20 mins...I forgot to mention he was $150 less than the other company that installed my door opener.
5	Jeff was awesome....Honest.  Fast.  He arrived within an hour of my call for service!  He delivered the work and product he committed to at a reasonable cost.  I highly recommend this service and Jeff to anyone that has an issue.  I will be calling him in the future for any repairs or services I need and would recommend him to a friend.
5	Showed up early and garage door opener was in and working in no time.  Will call again with any other door needs.
1	I had appointment at 10:30am yesterday 4/2/14, but he didn't show up, no call, no text.  Apparently the same as another review on the same day.  I am not sure what's going on with him.  I called Rx Garage Door Service and he (Mike) did perfect job, more than what I expect.
5	I called Jeff based on Yelp reviews and I am glad I did. He showed up on time 4/1/14 and installed my new opener with keypad very quickly. He also recommended a tune up seeing how I have lived here 14 years and never did that. I went with a belt driven opener and I am so happy with how quiet it is compared to my old chain driven. Before if I had to open the door manually it was a struggle but after he lubed and adjusted everything it opens so easily. I also have the homelink feature in my car but it would not work with this opener, after looking at the paperwork we had seen that I need a "repeater kit" and luckily Jeff had a new one in his van. He has a 90 service warranty on his work and that is great.
5	We called four other companies to get an estimate on the cost of a garage door panel repair/replacement.  They all wanted to upsell us.  Jeff was the only one who was honest with us from the start and kept in touch with us while we were waiting for the panel to arrive.  He was very professional the entire time.  The charges were also very reasonable.   I would highly recommend him to anyone.
5	He didn't show up on the appointment day.  Later, he left a message to let me know that he was discharged from a hospital after a car accident.I updated this review to 5 stars for his professional only.  There was no service.
5	I want to tell anyone who's having garage door issues to give Jeff a call. He had to cut the track to fit inside my crazy built garage. He did it with ease and grace. May I also add he didn't charge me an arm and leg.  I'd definitely recommend him!!!!
5	Fast,efficient and informative.
5	I didn't know who to call when I had to get my garage door replaced. I checked on Yelp and read Dreikosen's great reviews. I called and spoke with Jeff, a nice guy. We set up an appointment and he replaced my garage door and all the hardware. His work is good and he was done in less than 2 hours! Quality work without burning a hole in my pocket! I totally recommend him!
5	Great service. Very knowledgeable, honest, and quick. Highly recommended with really reasonable rates.My garage door was malfunctioning and acting possessed for weeks now. I called Jeff Sunday night and he was here Monday morning. Fixed my garage door opener wiring and spring issues in less than 30 minutes after I had given up. Biggest thing for me is that he only fixed the things that needed fixing and did not "find things wrong" with perfectly good parts. No hesitation in recommending this service.
5	My garage was not working. Blinking 10 times when I tried to close it. Would not open either. Jeff was available immediately but we set the appointment for a few days later at 8am. He arrived exactly at 8am and was a professional as could be. Great guy with a ton of knowledge about garage doors. He knew exactly what was wrong after about 2 mins of inspecting and within 20 minutes, he was finished. Price was very reasonable as well. He also backs his work with a warranty. As I hope that nothing goes wrong with my garage again, I will still plan on calling Jeff if anything else goes does. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
5	Jeff did a great job replacing my garage door panel and came out quickly when there was a small issue with the door closing all the way. He was really nice and professional, charged a reasonable price, and did a quick good job.
5	We were in need of a new garage door and had many other companies come out and quote different prices. I looked on yelp and saw the many great reviews for Dreikosen Doors and decided to give them a call. Jeff was immediately able to quote me a straight price, which was way more affordable than any of the other places.  He came the next day and installed our new door in less than an hour.  There is no question why they have so many great reviews! I will definitely be recommending them to everyone I know.
5	Garage door would not open. Jeff, came out today and in 15 minutes repaired the broken part.  Not only did he perform repair quickly he also adjusted my door, lubricated the rollers and tightened up the springs.  Didn't try to up sell me like so many repair companies do.  He also offered a 90 day come back for any reason warranty as well as one year on the repair.  Oh yes, he showed up 10 minutes before scheduled appointment.  Very impressed.
5	The garage door opener for one of my out of state clients (I sell real estate) would not  work and there was no other way to access the garage. I called Jeff yesterday and set up an appointment  for 8:30am today. Jeff was there 10 minutes early. Because the disconnect release mechanism had been removed, Jeff basically had to break into the garage which he did with maximum effort and minimal damage. Jeff is obviously very experienced. His price was reasonable and he was very professional. Definitely recommend him!
1	Dude was rude I was late getting to my house compensated him for being late and he left didn't finish the job came back today finished but took my keypad entry
1	I called Dreikosen on Monday the 23rd. He said his next available appointment was Wednesday, the 25th. He said that he would be here at 8:00 AM. I called at 8:20 when he had not yet arrived. I left a message, and never received a return call. It is now Thursday morning, another service is currently installing my garage door opener. No call no show is no good. I saw that he had done this to others before, but there are so many good reviews I gave him the benefit of the doubt. Never again.
3	After not seeing or hearing from anyone within 24 hours of a no show to an appointment I had made to install my opener I left a negative review for Dreikosen. Jeff called me today, 48 hours after the appointment and told me he was in an accident and that is why he didn't call or show up. He offered to accommodate me for the inconvenience that I incurred. He did send me a couple photos of a damaged van to show me that he was in an accident. I obviously can't review his service, but I can say that if I need something again for a garage door I would be willing to give him another shot.
5	I normally don't  think about writing a review on anyone but A couple of days ago I had Jeff, from Dreikosen Door Service, repair my garage door and opener.  The spring had broken and the cable had come off on one side making my door all twisted in the opening and I could not open or close it.  I called Jeff, he said he had 2 more stops to go to and he would be here in about a hour and 15minutes but He arrived in just one hour.   He is a nice clean cut guy who really knew what he was doing.  He not only fixed my door, spring, and cable he also readjusted my garage door opener and oiled it all up.  Now it is quiet and works like its Brand New!!  And his prices are very fair.  I highly recommend him to anyone needing their garage door fixed!
5	Jeff just serviced my garage/installed new springs.  I'm very happy with his price(the lowest of all the companies I had called), professionalism, honesty, and service(he even went above and beyond and checked to make sure everything else is functioning properly). I can tell that he's very experienced and knowledgeable. He was quick and did a clean, great, honest job. I highly recommend Jeff and will definitely use him again!! I decided to use Jeff over his competitors also for this reason...when my garage failed, I did my research by reading reviews on garage repair companies and got some quotes(Jeff had the most reviews). I called late last night(on a Sunday)and left a massage, and this morning at 7am I received a text(instead of a call because he wasn't sure if I was awake) from Jeff to give him a call when I wake up. I really appreciated this gesture. So, I called him back around 8am, scheduled for him to come by between 10-11am. He even called me to let me know when he was heading over.Jeff, you rock!!!
5	I didn't know who to call to fix my broken spring on our garage door, so after reading the great reviews for Dreikosen, I called and spoke to Jeff, the owner. He quoted me a great price which included the labor and we set up an appointment for 6:30 pm. He called a little before 6:30 to let me know he was running a little behind and would be here by 7:00. Jeff got to my house at 6:55 and quickly got to work. He worked around our spare car that was parked in the garage with no complaints. Jeff replaced both springs quickly and efficiently. I would definitely recommend Jeff to anyone who needs their garage door fixed!
5	If there was 6 stars, we would give it! We just moved in and are new to the USA from Canada. 9 days in to owning our home and we walked out the door to walk our dogs and BOOM! - the garage door springs snapped. We have never owned a garage and had zero idea who to call or how to fix it. We got Jeff's name from Yelp - and thought, hey it's Sunday we could leave a message and maybe get it fixed this week. He actually answered the phone, and said he would be over by 12 noon. We thought... of which day?! I am still in shock that he came over at 12 on a Sunday and within 2 hours had our springs fixed, added a spring, installed a new track, motor, keypad - all the bells and whistles for an incredible price! Now, we aren't experts on price, but compared to what I read elsewhere and what I've heard from friends - we were quite pleased with Jeff's work, professionalism and cost. We're definitely having him back to do our door insulation :) Thanks Jeff! -- The Canadians
5	Reused a second time when the spring to our garage broke.  He came out on Father's Day, and quickly had our garage door in great working condition.  His card is still stapled by the opener, and we will reuse again if needed.
5	My garage door keep getting stuck every time we're closing.  Call this company today at 5:15pm.  He told me someone will be here between 7pm and 9pm.  I have 2 technician show up right on time.  They listen to what I have to said.  Then begin checking everything and explain the reasons and the solutions to fix the issues.  Works were done very efficiently and professionally.    Within 30min the work is complete and my garage door is now running smoothly.  They also help setup my garage door keypad that another garage door company told me was not functioning and have to be replace 3 years ago when I move in.  I'm so glad I do my research and yelped this time around.  Great company would recommend and call again.
5	Let's just say that my garage door wasn't an easy install but Jeff was able to work around it. I've got an old car in my garage that hasn't moved in awhile so it posed a challenge for Jeff. He did run into a couple hiccups such as two of the panel bending while installing due to the lack of room. Thankfully he had another door on order so he was able to come back when I was home to repair it. In all, repairs took a couple hours total and the price was great. The door looks and works great.
5	Spring broke on my garage door! Checked out YELP and Dreikosen seemed to have the best reviews. I called around 12pm and he was out at my house around 2pm.The repair went quickly and without any problems. The price was reasonable and the garage door now works perfectly!
5	As good as it gets!  Jeff not only responsive and skilled but also super honest.  I haven't had customer service like that in years.  A++++++!
5	Jeff is amazing!  In a world of mediocre customer service, it is great to find someone like this who knows EVERYTHING about garage doors.  Jeff came to our house on Labor Day (yes, a holiday), assessed the situation, and fixed everything quickly and efficiently.  He installed new torsion springs in 20 minutes, and then replaced our broken garage door within an hour.  And he was very reasonable.  Its just too bad that Jeff only does garage doors, because I would hire him in a heartbeat to do all the repairs in my house.  If you have any problems with your garage door, don't shop around - get Jeff!
5	We highly recommend this company.  Great pricing and even better service.  Jeff was wonderful to work with and made getting a new garage door installed much easier than expected.  Quick and efficient, all finished in just over an hour.  AMAZING!!
5	Super fast same day service and quick and very well priced.  Had 2 springs replaced for $185.  Very happy.
5	I feel so stupid. We had been using another guy for years. I mean years. We will NEVER call him again. Jeff was terrific and fixed what was wrong for a very minimal charge. What was wrong was "fixed" by the other guy for a butt-load of money. It's hard to find an honest repair person...but thanks to yelp we found Jeff.
5	Called at 8 am for a estimate, was given estimate over the phone and scheduled the spring repair the same day after work. Showed up on time and work was completed in a timely.  Would recommend!
5	I called on a Thursday evening (about 1830) with the expectation that I'd leave a message.  Not only was the phone picked up, but a quick and accurate quote was given an appointment for the next day was made.The next day comes around and a prompt arrival at the appointment time was experienced.  Walked in, saw the problem, had the parts to fix the problem, I asked if he could replace the rollers on my door and he did at a very reasonable price, and he was on his way.  All of this was done while having to dodge my F-250 which was trapped in my garage.Thank you for being such a good business to work with.  I picked you because of the Yelp reviews and your professionalism shows that you've earned these stars!
5	Jeff Dreikosen replaced our garage door sometime in May or June.  Based on YELP reviews, we thought we'd give this company a try.  My husband and I were really pleased at how professional and knowlegeable he is.  Highly recommended!
5	I'm not a 'review writer' but this guy was awesome. He went the extra mile, was honest and knew what he was doing.  I highly recommend him.
5	Call to Diek to look at the single bay door of my 3 car garage door that had broke. Called at 5pm and he said he could be there between 6-8pm and showed up right at 6pm.  Quick to go over what was needed to corrected the problem.  Not pushy at all I could see a less reputable company try to up sell me a new door but he was straight forward and fixed the problem. Also checked the springs, silicone lubricated moving parts on both doors, and gave an extremely fair price. Overall professional and would highly recommend.
5	My problem was very unusual.  Jeff was very concerned that his intial attempt did not fix it.  I was just planning on living with the inconvenience of the door not closing properly during the day.He rummaged in his truck and had a true MacGyver moment.  My door now shuts even when the sun is shining on the sensors.  He obviously cares about his business and his clients.  The price was also very reasonable.Highly recommended.
5	Garage door spring broke.  Called Jeff at 4 p.m.  Gave me a quote - scheduled for same day appointment later that evening.  Calls me later to let me know he is on his way.  Gets in the garage - replaces the spring in 15 minutes!  Done! I didn't even have time to offer the guy a glass of water!  This guy is professional.  No BS, no chit chatting about this and that.  You have a garage door problem - he will fix it for a reasonable price.  Simple. Thanks Jeff!
5	Came out a on the Sunday after thanksgiving, got the garage door opener installed in 45 minutes, took the trash with him. Good work. Quick and easy.
