5	Imagine...you walk into a restaurant.  All the waitstaff is dressed like they belong in the fifties with collared shirts, long khaki shorts, colored socks and loafers.  How could it get better than that?  Well, it does.  The skillets are the best I have ever had.  This whole in the wall, strip center joint is my favorite brunch place...and on the weekends, prepare to wait.  I have dined at the celebrity infused bruncheries in NYC, all the brunch places I can find in Dallas, but still no one can match the Eggington cajun potatoes.  They are perfectly crispy and have a little kick.  I have heard great things about the sandwiches and soups, but I always opt for breakfast when I am in the Valley.
4	Yummy.  Happening place for lunch on Sundays, but usually short to no actual wait in getting a table.  Strawberry pancakes are tasty, but the omelettes are the real draw.  Classy without pretension.
4	The food is fantastic, the only reason i detract a star is for ambiance. it's all down home, country themed (country as in floral curtains, not music). and it's popular with the over 50 crowd.... so, not my breakfast joint of choice on that per say, but the food is rad.the other day i had what i can only compare to eggs benedict, except instead of an english muffin it was a puff pastry, and instead of ham there was crab meat. whoa, that was intense...delicious, but intense.i love that when you order ice tea or water, they bring the whole carafe so you can refill at your own pace.i can't help but feel a twang of sympathy for those poor waitresses in the golf shirts, pleated khaki shorts and loafers... it's kind of cute, but really just sort of unflattering and dorky - but not cute dorky. and my mom swears one of the waitresses had a black eye -- very off-putting when she's rocking dockers and socks with loafers...
5	I love brunch. I love protein. This wonderful restaurant has eggs galore! The omelets are delicious. So are the potatoes. My last experience with a brunch omelette was not very pleasant (at Original Pancake House), so getting an omelette at TC Eggington's more than made up for it. I love eggs again thanks to TC! The decor can be described as quaint country. It was cute! The service was good. I was there on Friday for lunch, so it wasn't too crowded. It seems pretty popular with the elderly (I think there's a Leisure World nearby).
4	Fantastic food, but generic breakfast restaurant atmosphere. The french toast was amazing - two inch thick slices of bread. If you want a big hearty breakfast, this is a solid choice. Everything was good. My only complaint really was the lack of choices for potato. Eggs were perfect, bacon was tremendous and not too greasy, and english muffin was nice... muffin was a little overbuttered for my taste, but good. Breakfast is simple, but also easy to fuck up. They do a great job with it overall. The service was good when I went. Seated rather quickly and our server was cute and happy to please. I'm a fussy customer too, so she did really well to cope with me. A few random notes... Prices were a bit on the high side, but you certainly get a huge amount of food. They carry Splenda, but you have to ask for it because they don't keep it at the tables. Their coffee is average, but certainly acceptable. The sizes of their glasses are pure comedy. I ask for an OJ, and then have to select a size... I'm told sizes are 'regular,' 'large,' and 'huge' - there was a tiny glass already in front of me and that turned out to be the large. I could only imagine the shot-glass they call a regular. The huge glass is what I'd call regular. It was big enough for an OJ though.I don't know that I'd drive out of my way considering how many awesome breakfast places are near my home, but if I was in that area I'd definitely stop there for a good hearty breakfast.
4	I was in Arizona for Spring Training recently and had a chance to try some breakfast at T.C. Eggington's.  The omelet was delicious; the cheese and vegetables were mixed perfectly with the fluffy eggs. I was also impressed by the homefries.   Though there wasn't any particularly unique seasoning, the homefries were technically sound with each potato crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.
1	I have tried this place twice now, and it fails to hit the mark.  Everyone else in my party has been happy both times.  However, I seem to be cursed here.  Whatever I order is always loaded with onions.  I absolutely HATE onions, and I avoid ordering anything that contains onions.  Last time I ate here, I asked for no onions in an omelet ith brie cheese that I was pretty excited about, and they left 'em in there.  I was too cowardly to demand that it be returned to the kitchen, I so I just didn't eat it.  Today, I ordered a sandwich which mentioned nothing about onions, and they were all over my food.  Yuck!  I ordered a muffin to mask the taste, and it did the trick.  The muffin was the only good thing I've eaten here.  However, if you like onions, you might love it!
5	Ate here with my mom, whom I was visiting.  We had a yummy, yummy breakfast.  I had an omelette with so much goodness: bacon, ham, olives, mushrooms, onions, black olives and sour cream.  Not only was everyone there polite and cheery- our waitress brought me a cup of coffee to go as we didn't finish the carafe on the table!  Loved it!
3	The food is good. I have yet to have a bad meal here.  But it's not one of my favorite places to go because it's always too busy.  The staff is hit or miss, sometimes it takes them a half hour just to get you a glass of water, sometimes they're really good.  And don't even think about going here hungry on a Sunday, you may have to wait forever to even get a table.Then again, I can understand why they're so busy. Like I said, the food is good.
2	I think I've discovered the secret location where all men and women over the age of 70 converge on the weekends: T.C. Eggington's. Walking into this place, it's as if I've been transported into some bizarro world: a senior home run by Disneyland rejects. The servers all have fake, tight smiles plastered to their smug little faces. Our waitress took her sweet ass time taking our orders and bringing us our drinks. She got our order wrong, but by the time she brought our food, I was starving, so I said fuck it to the fucked up order and ate the food.If the food had been good, I would have been able to get over it, but it wasn't good. It was average - at best. And that's me being generous. Next time I want to be treated like shit, I'll be sure to come back here, but I'm pretty sure that time will never come.
3	Decent breakfast loaction. The food is always good but the wait is always long. Avoid this place at all costs on a sunday... it's the place to be after church.
3	Used to breakfast here when I lived in Maricopa and in Chandler (2003-2006).  I enjoyed the omelettes the best: Frattina Kalamata, Greek Fetash, and my fave Roasted Tuscan.  My last two visits I ordered the English Toast w/ French Flair and Honey-Roasted Wheat Germ.  I found TCE's French toast to be too fluffy-  I like my toasts with a lot of texture/crunch, and the wheat germ cakes were great when fresh from the "griddle," but not out of the fridge.  If you're like me and like to mix textures, then you may want to order another entree and split the two dishes with someone else; otherwise, the cakes may get boring after a few bites.  To all you 100% maple syrup purists out there, you won't find the nectar served here.  They're not even available for purchase.  Just corn syrup-laced maple-flavored pancake syrup.  Eh...I've never tried any of the smoothie/shoogles or parlour pourins, but Mom and aunt did try the mocha latte and said it was really, really good.  Indeed, the mug, brimming with dark cocoa, looked decadent (smelled sinful, too!).I'd say my favorite singular item here is the strawberry preserves, which you can purchase by the jar and take home.  I want to say it's less than $4 a jar, but don't quote me on it.  All-natural ingredients (strawberries, sugar, pectin, and citric acid).  No corn syrup!  (Now, if only I weren't sensitive to citric acid...)
4	I had to up my review a star because I realized that their Huevos Con Chorizo Skillet is one of my favorite breakfasts of all times.  And we went on a Tuesday at mid-morning so it wasn't packed and the service was good.
3	Pretty good breakfast! I'd say 3.5 stars.TC's has big portions and fair service. We were seated right away on a Saturday morning, so that was nice!We ordered the super thick gi-hugeous french toast, be sure to poke holes in it with your fork and drench it with syrup --- otherwise it could be a bit dry. But it was very fluffy and delicious, we couldn't finish it all.We also had the Santa Fe Sautee (with basted eggs) and the pear, almond, and bacon omelette (the O'Pear). These were both yummy, though the O'Pear was a bit disjointed in terms of taste. I liked it, but didn't LOVE it.Overall it's a good place to take out-of-town friends and family.
3	Good unknown breakfast spot.  If I am ever in the area and it's remotely near breakfast time, I stop here to eat. There isn't anything bad on the menu breakfast related.  The service is decent.  The atmosphere is laid back and it's just relaxing.The average age here is probably 60, but that's part of the charm.  You can just enjoy breakfast and have some peace and quiet.
4	This little spot can get really packed. The first time I was here there was a 20 minute wait. The 2nd time the restaurant was full, even though it was pretty late (about noon) on Sunday. The coffee was excellent, strong and dark, and they set the pitcher on your table so you can get really caffeinated up. :)The food and service was great. They've got some interesting breakfast selections on the menu. I'm not into sour cream, cream cheese, or feta on my eggs but for those a little more adventurous for breakfast, I'm sure would find those selections great. I just ordered eggs mixed with vegetables, potatoes, and cheese in a skillet. Very tasty. I guess next time I'll take the advice of others here and order the french toast! Yum.
4	The menu has a picture of a rather large boy, Bob Eggington, in overalls with a caption stating: "Bob was the strongest boy with the heartiest appetite, always eager to make the pancakes. Always." If I ever have a kid (god forbid), I want him to be like Bob and make me some damn pancakes. ALWAYS. On a more serious note, Eggingtons has some intense egg dishes. I'm normally not a big fan of breakfast places since I believe you can eat such a meal much more cheaply at home and it will be just as good. Eggington moves past this dilemma by offering up some delicious egg creations. I ordered the Piglet's Passion, an omelette containing a variety of vegetables but, more importantly, bacon, ham, and sausage with assorted cheese. Did I mention it was topped with sour cream? My heart strains to pump blood through my arteries ever since. Served with potatoes and an english muffin, this place offers up some manly breakfasts. The other items also appear to be based on a decent premise: assloads of meat, cheese, or vegetables served with eggs in a variety of forms. I have but one grievance: the lack of low priced options. I understand why an omlette with veggies, cheese, and three types of meat will run $8.95, but it would be nice to see some other tasty, but less expensive offerings on the menu.
5	What can I say? We have been coming to T. C. Eggington's for more than 10 years and are still as pleased today as that very first time.A brunchery, T.C. Eggington's fare is consistantly high quality, tasty and filling. I believe they serve the finest hot cakes to be found anywhere as well as excellent omelets and wonderful salads and sandwiches. Combined with friendly service (a major component in a happy dining experience) and a relaxed atmosphere.I cannot recommend T. C. Eggingtons highly enough. Please take the time for a nice leisurely visit. Be prepared though, they have such a strong following that there is frequently a wait to be seated even on weekdays, but your patience will be rewarded. Enjoy.
3	The food here is good but I hate the wait.  It is really not any better than IHOP or Denny's but the families in the East Valley always have 10 members and stay for an hour once they get their table.  That's not really a knock on the restaurant but it is frustrating when you are hungry.As far as the food goes, I guess I just don't ever see anything great looking on their menu.  Last time I had an omelet with pears and bacon.  It was okay but the flavors didn't really come together in the way I thought they would. Finally, I hate the decor of this place.  I hate the chickens, I hate the chicken wire on the menu, I hate their poor layout, and I hate the pace of their servers.  Ultimately, this is what drags the place down for me.
4	This is my mom's favorite breakfast place, so naturally we took her here in our Mother's Day celebration on Saturday.  We arrived at about 10:30 or so and as usual, the place was jam-packed and I could barely squeeze through the doors to get my name in.  We were quoted at about 20 minutes for a table of 3 and within 20 minutes we were seated.  Good, because I was starving.There are quite a few things that appeal to me on their menu.  I am a big fan of their "heartier" pancakes.  You know, the kind that are loaded with nuts and berries and other healthy crap.  They are all very good.  This time I went with an omelet.  I chose the same thing as the husband did, a pear, bacon, sliced almond, and havarti creation.  I thought it sounded a little weird, but I am a sucker for bacon and havarti.  The omelet was delicious.  It was a generous portion and all of the flavors melded together beautifully.  I loved the differences in texture in every bite.  The omelet was also served with potatoes that are so-so and an english muffin.  By itself the english muffin was pretty lame, but if you add the apple cinnamon jelly that sits on the table, it's incredible.  I LOVED that jelly.  It was really really good, and I don't even like cinnamon.The things that suck about this place are: the layout - it's very jumbled and sometimes I think the servers forget you; the servers outfits - I can't stand looking at the poor girls wearing high waisted khaki mom jeans, it's downright painful; the wait - whenever we come here, I am starving and it kills me to have to wait outside in the AZ heat.  Overall though, this is a nice place.  I enjoy coming here whenever we're out in the EV with my family.
5	I could eat this whole place up.I love, love, love everything on the menu, although I can rarely bring myself to stray from my favorite (Crab Stuffed Pastry). Occasionally the wait time can be a little long but the servers are always frendly. Our most recent visit was Mother's Day of this year and we made sure to get there early as they fill up extremely quickly for that holiday. We've never had bad service and the food has always been excellent.
5	This place is good! The french toast and omlettes are both amazing. I had to just order both! I highly recommend this breakfast place!
4	Breakfast here is always good, that's why there's a wait on weekends. I've enjoyed a couple of different omelets and Ada G. always gets the pig and cow omelet (or something like that, I never remember the name). It's her favorite. I'm a little ticked off still, and it's been about five hours since we left the restaurant, because I feel like we were nickel and dimed and that's one of the things I hate most. Like when you ask you a little extra sour cream and they charge you $2.50 (and you're eating a $5.00 burrito). They didn't do that, but we ordered milk for our kids, she has a four year old and I have the toddler of course. No, I take it back. The waiter specifically asked if we wanted anything to drink for the kids so we ordered some milk for them. The milk he brought came in styrofoam cups with lids. Pretty common if a restaurant doesn't have kids cups and they usually only have one size of styrofoam cups so they bring your drink in those. The kids of course each drank about a third of their gargantuan cups of milk and had enough. When the bill came (and unfortunately after we paid) I noticed that the waiter charged us for large milks. These aren't two lumber jacks. The toddler even still sits in a high chair. Why would either of them need 24 ounces of milk? Deep breathe. Let it go. It just seemed kind of jerky.The food is good, all the omelets at least, I haven't got past them. If you go on a Saturday morning, beware of a little wait. It is a popular place. If you're not up for a huge meal, the portions are large enough to split. Ada G. and I probably would have but I wasn't in the mood for her snout and hoof omelet. Maybe next time. By the way, the Spanish omelet is great!
4	Went here on vacation and used yelp to find a healthy breakfast. Went there on a Monday morning and there was no wait. Really nice decor, with a cold pitcher of ice water on the table. The menu is so cute and unique with chicken wire on it! I had the Greek omelet and it was delish. The potatoes are nice and crispy and not greasy!! Food was a little slow coming out but worth the wait. It has unique omelet and egg selection that I think will please everyone. I will note that like other reviews I did feel under dressed...
4	1st MAKE RESERVATIONS or you'll be disappointed. Their menu offers a wide variety of yummy stuff! As it was hard to chose just one, I was lucky to be in a group. Their omelets ARE JUST GREAT! I had the Mediterranean, but also got to try the  spicy, the piglet pleasure (or something like that) and the Spanish. If you are not used to big portions, make sure to ask the half size, or you'll end up with your doggy bag. IT is too good to leave it!!My group was smart enough to make a reservation and we had to wait just 15 minutes. Good service, although the waitress forgot that we needed separate checks...still, she was friendly enough to compensate :D(still satisfied from Brunch!!)
2	Lackluster, flavorless breakfast. Do not go out of your way to come here. I was shocked at how many people were waiting to eat here. I ordered the poached eggs with toast and potatoes. They overcooked the eggs; a place with the word EGG in the title should be able to properly poach an egg. The potatoes were very basic and sad. The bacon my dad ordered was fatty and kinda undercooked. The big killer is that the prices were more expensive than a diner yet the quality of the food was the same.
5	In a way I wish I had never discovered T.C. Eggington's. Considering the fact that it's located in Phoenix and myself in Los Angeles, it makes it heartbreaking when going anywhere else for breakfast... Eggington's is that good. I can't believe that some other reviews complain about the prices... compared to every mediocre breakfast place in L.A., it's cheap but I guess for Phoenix prices it may be a little on the higher end. That said, the quality of food is so much better that it's really worth every penny. My usual favorite here is the Phinaeus Cobb sandwich... the fact that Eggington's is the first place I know of that has turned the stone classic of a salad, The Cobb, into one of the greatest sandwiches I've ever had is reason enough to check it out. In addition to the food, the service is great. During my last visit there I accidentally left my credit card behind and even though it was after hours when I came back, someone was kind enough to unlock the door and get it for me. Service doesn't get any better than that.
5	This is one of those places I've been going to for years and am just now getting around to sending them some long-overdue Yelp! love. T.C. Eggington's is a great family-owned half-day cafe. Tom and Kathy started this place so that they would both be able to be home when their kids got out of school. They started with a commitment to serving up freshly made and delicious food in a comfortable, bustling (but not hurried) environment. They've been doing exactly that for about 20 years now (and I think the kids have finished college). Clearly, they have the right formula and they're smart enough to not tinker with perfection.As for the menu, bring a BIG appetite. My favorites are the O'Pear omelet (bosc pear slices with bacon, havarti cheese and almonds) and the signature Eggington omelet (chicken, mushroom, cream cheese and broccoli smothered in Hollandaise....yummmmmm). I'm a sucker for their potatoes, too. The pancakes are like fluffy giat pillows of deliciousness. For the best of both worlds, substitute a pancake for the English muffin with your omelet. If you're perusing the lunch menu, consider the albacore tuna, apple, walnut salad - crisp, fresh and filling. The Natie Bomb and the grilled chicken feta sandwiches also are high on my list of favs. Of course, if you don't want to power down 1200-2500 calories in one meal, you can get half orders or take a friend and share a meal. The smoothies and fresh baked muffins also are great lighter alternatives. If you have family in from out of town, it's a great breakfast/brunch option. And, it's very kid friendly. Tip: Ceci G. is right! It's a good idea to make a reservation ahead of time especially on the weekends.
4	Delicious! I came here with a few friends because we were told it was a great place for breakfast, and that it was! I enjoyed a chorizo and egg plate that came with potatoes, cheese, and salsa. It also came with a tortilla on the side. Definitely not something that's healthy, but it sure was tasty! My friends all had different plates but we all enjoyed our breakfast. The servers are friendly and attentive and I don't think I could have really asked for much more. Yummy food and good service.In fact, so good that we ended up coming back before our weekend trip to Arizona was over! :)
5	Never had anything bad here! All of the omlets are great, my friends and I call the wheat germ pancakes "crack pancakes". Get there early if you are going on a weekend. Sundays at 10 are a bad time to go because this place will be hoping. The service is very stepford like, but the food can't be beat.
5	What a delicious, delightful surprise! Our Scottsdale friends kept telling us we'd be having breakfast at their favorite restaurant, T.C. Eggington's, and now I know why they saved it for our last morning. Nothing else compares! Clean, cute cafe atmosphere (I loved the chicken wire on the menu!), a huge menu of possibilities (all unusual and yummy sounding), good service and home-baked goodness down to the English muffin. I ordered the O'Pear Grenache Omelette based on recommendations from my friends AND the waiter. Here's the description: "How sweet it is...A subtle mix of bosc pear slices, melted Havarti cheese, sliced almonds  and bacon offer you an extraordinary rich flavor you're never experienced."They were right. And it was SO HUGE that I couldn't finish it...though I really wanted to! (Next time, I'll order the "reduced" size - two instead of three eggs. I didn't know I could...or that I should!)Everyone at the table was happy with their order. My only regret is that I don't live close enough to try all of their omelettes...
4	Definitely a great Sunday brunch spot...the bad part is they usually have an hour wait at 10am when I went. The French Toast is the best I ever had...its not Texas sized toast its more like Alaska sized cinnamon toast.My only real downside from being a 5 star place is a plate of French Toast is filling however i would have probably preffered 2 toast instead of 3 and it comes with a small 2 egg omlette...now that would be a perfect combo.  or even a smaller omlette, a french toast and some bacon or sausage.They should add those kinds of deals for like 8.99 or 9.99.Definately better than AZ Bread, Crackers...and the franchises like Good Egg, Denny's, IHOP, Waffle House...I'm still waiting to try matt's big breakfast...
2	After reading the glowing reviews here on yelp my gf and i tried this place out this morning. The result was not what we were hoping for.I was deciding between a couple things for breakfast and when i asked the waitress for a recommendation she didn't hesitate to say the Eggs Benedict, which is a favorite of mine so I ordered it. My gf ordered the blueberry griddle cake (read:over sized pancake). I also got a jumbo OJ and she got a rasberry chocolate latte that was a special for the day.Had we only ordered drinks this place would have been 4 star. The OJ was nice and fresh with great taste and the latte was very good with not too sweet a rasberry taste and better than anything at starbucks for less money.Then the food came and things went downhill. My eggs were prepared fine but somebody forgot to add any flavor beyond the smoked flavor in the ham. The hollandaise was bland, the eggs were nothing special, the standout was the potatoes but even they weren't much beyond you average ihop country potatoes. I added pepper and tobacco after the first few bites but it didn't help give any real flavor.Sharon said the pancakes were bland as well and lacking flavor as well and only ate half based on how much there was and how she got tired of them after awhile.The price wasn't bad and the service was only fair. It cost $30 after tip for all the food so not bad about the same as ihop but flavor didn't make it worth it. The service was fine with the exception that we called for a reservation based on some recommendations and we arrived they didn't have us on the list but we were still seated promptly. The server was helpful and promot and it was a nice touch the way they were all dressed in chino shorts and button up shirts, felt like a nice east coast yacht club.
1	Toto we aren't in AZ anymore...it was like stepping into Connecticut! Very yuppy, sail boat outfits! Ok ok back to the actually experience, I called to make a reservation and they hadn't even written my name down until I came in and told them I called, so then we waited 5 mins. I ordered the raspberry white chocolate mocha which was pretty good and not overkill on the price. Then I had the blueberry girdie cake-no flavor! Bland blueberries and dry, not great pancakes. And if you didn't want some sort of egg dish, you are pretty sol!
4	Fabulous breakfast joint with amazing omelletes & muffins.
5	My favorite breakfast place in Arizona.  The service is amazing, the food is amazing!  You must try this restaurant.  It is a little outdated with the decor and uniforms the staff wears but don't let that fool you.  Wonderful place to eat!!!
5	Went on a Friday afternoon and had the "Natie Bomb".  This was THE BEST sandwich I have ever had!  My wife had pancakes; which were absolutely amazing, as well.  I almost ordered another one to go.  If you plan on going on a weekend morning, you're going to be waiting for about 45 minutes.  It's the best breakfast in town!I just wish I could give this place 6 stars...
4	This was my first visit for breakfast and I will definitely be coming back.  I had the Crack O' Dawn, which was a potato skillet with diced ham, fresh mushrooms, onions and melted cheese with two eggs on top.  It also came with an english muffin.  The potatoes were cooked perfectly and the dish had good chunks of ham.  It was excellent!  They also had homemade cinnamon/apple jam on the table to use, which I did, and it was also delicious.My girlfriend had the Hilltop Acres, which was also a potato skillet with more vegetables than mine, but minus the ham.  She loved the flavor and the potatoes.  However, even though she is a cheese lover, she thought it was a little too much.  I noticed our neighbors ordered the french toast and that looked incredible.  Service was great, staff was attractive, and will be going back soon to try the french toast.
4	My family and I have been going to TC's for many many years!  Whenever I think of TC's I think of their eggs benedict.  Whenever I crave a eggs benedict, I think of TC's, its always been amazing, and my favorite.  Also their crab stuffed pastry benedict.
4	So I recently got a job in the city of Mesa conveniently near T.C. And when I had to make a day trip to the joint (hardly a joint, more Scottsdale-esque) I was quickly floating on breakfast cloud 9.I love food, and I love to eat, and I LOVE a great breakfast brunch.  This place had it all!!! We went there after my graduation from college with a bunch of family, mostly of the elderly.  Let me first explain that going anywhere with my Grandpa is a mission in itself, nothing is ever cooked right and service is always too slow however he could not stop complimenting the staff on how great everything was (first time I have ever witnessed this in 22 years).  TC is a great place for family and celebrations or just to enjoy a great weekend brunch.  LET ME WARN YOU IF YOU GO ON A WEEKEND GO EARLY OR YOU WILL BE WAITING AROUND 30 minutes!
5	I have lived in Phoenix since 1987 and have been going to T.C. Eggington's the whole time. I used to live in Mesa right down the street and would go at least once a week. Now I live in a different part of town but still travel to Eggington's. Over the years I've had about 50-60% of the menu items but keep going back to my favorite thing which is the Cottage Reef omelet. It's a great omelet filled with cream cheese, artichokes, and imitation crab topped with hollandaise sauce.   The crab isn't your ordinary imitation crab. Tom (the owner) has it specially made and it's very high quality. I even order extra crab in my omelet. Omelets come with English muffin and  your choice of potatoes, fruit or cottage cheese. For an extra .75 you can omit the English muffin and potatoes and get an apple or blueberry pancake. This is a great deal seeing how just the apple pancake alone is $7.25 on the menu. I was just at Eggington's last Sunday and one of the people in my party ordered his omelet with the apple pancake. I got clarification from the waitress that the regular apple pancake order is the same amount/size as the side order. So basically you are getting a $7.25 pancake for .75 as long as you can fore go the English muffin and potatoes.   I haven't had a sandwich or salad in many years so I can't vouch for those items recently but the chicken salad was fantastic years ago and I'm sure it still is.    Best omelets in town.    Some of the other reviews on this restaurant talk about the layout and flow of the restaurant.   Having gone here for over 20 years I can say that Tom and Kathy (the owners)  started out with just the part of the restaurant facing the south.   They got so busy and successful they ended up buying the business next to them and added on.   Hence the different layout.
4	Ahhh freshly squeezed orange juice, yum.  I am a fan of their eggs benedict (without the ham) and roasted potatoes, very good.  The staff is friendly and helpful and the food is delicious and tastes just like home made cookin'! Just forget about going there on Sat or Sun morning unless you enjoy waiting and waiting and waiting some more. I suggest going on a weekday, you get seated right away. Great place to take the family for breakfast.
5	This is our go-to place for breakfast.  Okay, well, let me clarify.  This is our ONLY go-to place for breakfast.  We go here on lazy Saturday mornings.  We take guests here.  We recommend it to anyone who'll listen.Their food is consistenly good (due to my gluten issues, I normally get the Plain and Simple with eggs and sausage and sub tomatoes for the english muffin).  My husband usually gets some sort of omelette or scramble and subs a pancake for his english muffin.  The waitstaff is never less than happy to be there (or at least it sure seems that way!).  I've never had someone in a bad mood, I've never had anyone be snippy with my questions about ingredients, no one's ever looked askance at me for my weird food issues.  Only one small thing that irks me, and I plan on talking to someone about it, but just haven't gotten around to it.  I'm a tea snob, see?  And I think that their hot water for tea isn't much in the way of filtered.  I remember when we first moved to Phoenix and didn't realize the water was so horrible.  I woke up and made myself some tea.  It took a little bit of time, but I realized a few things - it's the wrong color, there is some sort of film on top, and this crap leaves _rings_ on the side of the mug.  Holy hard water, batman!  Let me tell you, what a difference a filter makes.  Okay, filtered water.  We quickly learned that a Brita filter or a Pur-that-attaches-to-your-sink-faucet filter just don't cut it here.  So, we get Sparkletts.  It makes SUCH a huge difference.  So, I know that tea drinkers probably don't comprise a large constituency for them, and my comments may fall on slightly deaf ears, but hey, a girl's gotta try, right?  Some day, at least. ;)A few words to the wise.  They have apple cinnamon jelly on the table, but if that's not to your taste, they also have blackberry (I think) jam availalble.Second sneaky secret - to beat the rush on the weekends?  Call in advance and get your name on the list before you leave the house.  Works like a dream.
5	The best breakfast place, bar none!  I love that it is a local, non-chain place and they do everything delicious!!  The french toast is to die for and the plain and simple (eggs, bacon, potatoes) is perfect!  My husband and I split these two dishes and it is plenty.  We always leave stuffed!!  Be sure to make reservations for a Sat or Sun morning breakfast, otherwise you'll be waiting at least an hour!!
4	Went there this afternoon for a business lunch meeting and will definitely be going back. The food was fresh, light, and delicious.
4	I visited T.C. Eggington's for lunch today with four business associates.  We were seated immediately, and greeted by a very friendly server and one of the managers.  Our orders were taken quickly, and we were given excellent service throughout our meals.  I had some difficulty choosing an entree to order, but once I did, I was very impressed with the sandwich (named Phoenician-chicken-something I believe) and the side that came with it.I don't believe I would've had any difficulty choosing this item if the entree names and descriptions on the menu were clearer.  I feel like I spent the first 10 minutes at the table reading long, frilly descriptions of sandwiches...delicious sandwiches, mind you.
4	The place was busy. We were greeted promptly at the door by our server and brought directly to our table. Coffee and drinks were delivered quickly, and our order was taken. The food was good, but the place was loud. Our server was on refills and even asked if we wanted a Diet to-go. The is no Sugar in the Raw, but the coffee is served in a nice carafe. Our server suggested the Honey Wheat-germ Pancakes. They were good, but way too much wheat-germ. The bacon was super greasy, so greasy that I had to pat the grease off with a spare napkin. The Chorizo-Frittata was good, but not at all spicy. The Home-Fries were ordinary and best. This was my first time to the place, I would go back if in the area, but would not make this a destination.
4	I went to TC Eggington's today, and had the Phoenician Chicken Feta Grille, but had it on an onion bun instead of a pita...and OMG is was so good.  The chicken was moist and flavorful, lots of gooey melted cheese, the dipping sauce they gave was to die for.  Nice big piece of watermelon.  They served it with the chef's choice of salad, which was the pasta salad that was drowning in the mayo based dressing.  I didn't eat that.  I would have given it 5 stars if that  pasta salad hadn't been included.  The service was great, ice T glasses kept filled.....you can't miss on this one.  Try it.
3	Decided to try this breakfast place that actually got good reviews. Was seated right away. Place looked nice, lots ofspace and country decor. Tables had carafes of ice water which is nice in AZ. Ordered decaff and o'pear eggwhite omelet. Quick and friendly service. My meal was served with potatoes and English muffin. The omelet was good maybe too much Havarti cheese and the bacon was kinda bland. The pears were tart and my muffin was cold. $13 not bad but shoulda hooked myself up at home! Would give it a other whirl, wasn't terrible but nothing to run back to.
5	Unique and delicious breakfast and brunch menu at a great value.
4	Great place, awesome service.Will definitely be back for more!
4	I came here for the first time today because I wanted to treat myself to a nice breakfast at a different spot then usual.  I've known about TC's before, but never bothered to go in, until now.I really liked it here.  It kind of had a country/midwestern feel, with a large amount of seating and a really nice staff.  I was greeted and seated immediately, and the place was packed!  I kept it simple and went with the eggs over medium, potatos and toast, along with some coffee and water.  The service was great, and all the staff was friendly and helpful.   Food was tasty, and prices were good.I would gladly return in the future, and most likely bring my mom here next time shes in town.  Great little place for breakfast!
4	The boyfriend and I went here on a Sunday morning hung over from Four Lokos. The food was fucking great and I don't even like breakfast food.  I got this egg and jalapeno burrito thing with this sort of runny but generally pretty tasty salsa and I wanted to shower in the burrito filling.  I would have bathed in eggs and salsa if only to prolong my experience with this semi-breakfast burrito thing.  I would have married it and had kids with it and bought a house in Michigan nearby a really good school district.  I fell in love with the egg jalapeno burrito thing, I would cuddle with it on weekday mornings and plan trips to national parks with it.  It was also nice sitting on the patio considering the weather is so pretty and the staff was attentive and friendly and slightly charming with their loafers and novelty socks (is that part of the required uniform I wonder?)I'm deducting one star for the sheer fact that this place was filled with rich, middle aged white yuppies talking about golfing and/or glued to their cell phone.  The boyfriend and I, being young dirty Mesa kids still slightly intoxicated off Four Lokos, felt mildly out of place in this setting and were a little over whelmed by the amount of yuppie whiteness.Nonetheless, the food was worth the trip and the cozy patio on a Sunday morning was a nice change from, you know, Cheerios on the futon while watching exercise equipment infomercials.
4	My parents were in town for Thanksgiving, and after church I turned to the Yelp app to find a good Breakfast/Brunch spot. T.C. Eggington's showed up right away - - and it's been a long time since I've been here (like 10 yrs sadly). So why not try it again? I knew that there definitely was going to be a wait for the after-church crowd... but oh well, we'll be patient. I was pleasantly surprised that there was immediate seating for our party of 4 on the small patio. Menus were served to us right away, with a carafe of water and coffee. But the menus were pretty cute -- actually had chicken wire in the menus. But on to the food -- all 4 of us had a real hard time deciding what we wanted, since everything sounded delicious! I was craving a French Toast combo type of plate... (which they didn't have). So I ended up choosing the O'Pear Grenache Omelette. Very good..... Bosc pears, Havarti cheese, sliced almonds, and Bacon. English muffin and cottage cheese on the side. Delish!Other entrees at our table: eggs bene, Greek Fetash omelette, and the Phinnaes Cobb sandwich. We all enjoyed, and we're all still pleasantly full! Oh, and nice touch at the end -- the server asked if any of us wanted coffee-to-go. I did, and he arrived back with a large cup to go complimentary. Nice... This was the perfect place to bring my parents for Sunday breakfast, for after church at St. Tim's in Mesa.
5	Little did I know that the thing to do after going to Mass at St. Tim's is breakfast at TC Eggington's...That being said, it makes for a crowd and a wait; however, ...TOTALLY WORTH IT! Plus, you can call in and put your name down ahead. This morning I called at 7 this morning for our 10AM breakfast, was bumped to 10:15 (doable), and ended up beating the rush and sneaking in just before 10 anyway.Breakfast here is delicious. Delicious! We have tried:Hilltop Acres -- excellent combination of veg, skillet styleCrack o' Dawn -- nicely basted eggs on top (as has the Hilltop Acres)The Eggington Omelet -- hesitated because of the cream cheese inside, but its blend with the chicken, broccoli, and hollandaise is tasty!Crab Stuffed Pastry -- perfectly crispy pastry shells full of crab, artichoke hearts, basted eggs, and hollandaise? Yes, please!!Much happier waiting for breakfast here than going to any of the other breakfast chains in the area.
2	We showed up with a party of six and were given a condescending scolding by the host for not calling ahead (it was a Tuesday). We were annoyed to the point of leaving, but then, miraculously, they were able to accommodate us, despite our brazen stupidity. I will say that the food was decent, though, and the server was friendly enough. Totally unrelated to anything: the 1989-style pleated khaki shorts that the poor staff are made to wear have got to go!  Time to modernize a little bit.
5	TC Eggingtons is so Delish!! I go here for breakfast at least once every time I'm in Arizona. Where do I begin.. The apple jelly, the fresh orange juice, the giant blueberry pancake, and the most amazing omelette/frittata selection you can possible imagine. I highly suggest going with a group so you can sample eachothers food and split the blueberry hill pancake.
5	I am a huge "foodie", from a long line of "foodies". I grew up living in hotels and on room service and fine dining. This is the best, very best, breakfast restaurant EVER! I have been living in Tempe for about six years now, the first two sad sad years I did not know that this wonderful place existed...after my first visit, this is my go-to, best place to recommend, favorite breakfast place to eat at! If you go on a Sunday, it will be very very busy. Everyone is super friendly. The place is very clean. Prices are amazing! Cheaper or as cheap as the nasty breakfast places or fast food. Huge portions and great quality food. I have never had a bad experience here, and to be honest...even if I did, I wouldn't care. I feel like home here. Everything on the menu is delicious! I've tried almost everything. Here are a few of my favorites (don't forget though, I love it all) :O'Pear Grenache Omelette, Greek Fetash Omelette, English Harvest Omelette, Huevos Con Chorizo (with scrambled eggs), and the Blueberry Hill Girdle Cakes (pancakes! you can order half an order or little ones...we always get an order to share at the table). Their potatoes are delicious and crispy, the english muffins are great and their homemade jam is absolutely amazing! I have bought many jars of their jam to give as gifts! Just delicious! I wish everyone knew about this well kept secret. DON'T LISTEN TO ANY REVIEW UNDER A 5 STAR! This place is the best, bottom line. Try it. You will be hooked.
3	This place is super cute! It has the feel of a country breakfast place with themed pastel colored decorations. It reminds me a bit of Easter! i came for Sunday brunch and man! there were a lot of people. Even still we were seated quickly and service was quick and friendly. I ordered the crab benedict because it combines 2 of my loves. :) We did wait a little while for the food to come out but for how busy they were I can understand. Instead of an english muffin it came with a flaky type of biscuit which was okay. It wasn't flaky and crispy as I would imagine but more flaky and packed together. In the center was the crab which I think was imitation. It tasted alright overall. It was still yummy but I wasn't head over heels in love with it. Maybe something else on the menu would appeal more to me. :) Overall, I thought the food was good not great but the service and ambiance makes up for it. It is on the pricier side for breakfast but not crazy expensive. Definitely a place to check out.
4	Delicious! Seriously never had a better breakfast. The only reason it isn't 5 stars is because the female server was rude and abrupt. I noticed the other staff members were extremely friendly, but she was not.
5	I have been to T.C. Eggington's about a hundred times and it has always been fantastic! Love this place!
5	Went here twice last month with family. My husband suffers from multiple food allergies and the waitress was supper helpful on our selections and more then willing to check with the chef. The food was excellent, service was great even though they were always busy. I would go again and again and again, Awesome!
2	My Fiance and I used to come here every weekend to eat. The food was always good, and the menu choices were "different." However I am sad to say that after more than a year of giving TC's our business we are crossing them off our list.We arrived at 9:20ish and had our name put on the list. After we arrived several other parties showed up and were quoted 30-45 minutes to be seated.After waiting roughly half an hour, we noticed that the parties (many with the same count as us - 2 ) were being seated. I reminded the seater/manager? (Tom) and he said "A few more minutes."After twenty more minutes we went inside to see if we were "out of sight, out of mind" and amazingly we were called to be seated after watching more parties of the same count be seated that arrived after us.We declined, explained to the waitress why, and left.This would not have been as big of an issue if the same exact thing had not previously happened the last time we ate here. We were quoted a time (and I know you can't tell how long people are going to take) and only after repeated reminders we were seated in nearly twice the time quoted.The method they use to "organize" who is in line is rather silly. Two small yellow notepads with at least 4 people making changes at any given moment, in a state of confusion.I am sad that this has happened to us (and I am sure many others) and I am not going to recommend this place any longer.
1	This place used to be a good spot for breakfast/brunch about a year ago.  My fiancee and I would go almost every weekend.  However, the service started to decrease and honestly the food is not that great to make one want to continue going if the service is awful.  The waitresses are great.  However, to get a seat at this place you apparently need to be elderly.  We kept watching people get seated who arrived after us when finally we spoke to Tom the host, Tom said it would be a few minutes.  The wait continued for another fifteen minutes.  Finally we go inside and see an elderly couple come in.  Tom obviously knew these people, asked how their trip was and wrote their names on the 2nd page of lists.  Another younger guy was waiting and Tom puts his name on page 4 or 5 of the list.  After witnessing this we decided to spend our money elsewhere.  Oldies, this place is for you because Tom will pay preference.  If you are young, you apparently need to call ahead or wait until all of the oldies are seated and served.
4	Great service, very clean and down home feeling.  The food was great too.
3	So I was looking through yelp to find a place for breakfast with the BF this morning, and came across this place which is really close to where I live. I was excited to try somewhere new and I checked out their website. So on the website it says you can call ahead to put your name on the list, so we decided to do that. They asked what time we wanted to come in and we said in a half hour and they said fine. So, we hung out a bit longer and after about 20 min, we headed over. Well, apparently putting your name on the list over the phone does nothing , because we still got seated after everyone who was waiting when we got there. So we were a little irked, cuz why say you can call when calling does nothing? Oh well. So we are seated and we got some coffee, which was decent, and I ordered the O'pear omelet and the BF got pancakes and a side english muffin. So, I think he would have appreciated some warning that the pancakes are ginormous and there would be no need for extra bread.... no such luck.... but oh well. My omelet was good, it was really different. It had pears, almonds, and havarti (and it usually has bacon, but I'm not a fan so I had them hold it). It was good tasting... I liked the sweet and savory combination. It came with home fries which were very tasty (some yummy seasoning on them) and an english muffin with some kind of cinnamon apple jam.... anyway it was all good. The BF was not a huge fan of the pancakes as they were kind of bland and way too large.Overall, this place seems to have good food but there are some down sides which include: not many non egg options (BF is allergic to eggs), the pancakes were meh, and the call ahead didn't really work out. I really enjoyed my food, though, so still an overall positive review. Oh, and I think their decor is kind of weird.... and the uniforms are also odd.... loafers? khaki shorts? polos? hmmmm. I don't know what that has to do with breakfast, but ok.....
5	This is one of my favorite breakfast/brunch places and has been since I was a little girl. Been coming here since I was about 5 or so and rarely is there a day that Tom, the owner, isn't there to greet us. The menu hasn't changed much but it hasn't needed to. There is something to please every palate here from pancakes the size of your head to omlettes to Benedicts, from waffles to frittatas. I've only had lunch items once or twice and the homemade potato salad is just amazing (but they don't have it every day, so call ahead).  The homemade jellys are a staple and they order all local products and ingredients.  My favorite is and always will be the Eggington Omlette which has chicken, mushrooms, broccoli, cream cheese and is topped with hollandaise sauce and I'm not even an Omlette person.  Substitute the English muffin with a pancake for an extra treat but be prepared to take some home.  If you go on weekends be prepared for a wait if you're there anytime after 9, but trust me, it's well worth the wait!!
4	Came here for a Sunday brunch with the family one summer day =]Keeping it short and simple- located a little past the freeway entry. easy to miss so keep a look out for it once you get off. Its located on the corner of a plaza.- Huge parking lot for the entire plaza. When we got there, we managed to find parking within the first 5 minutes which was fast considering how many cars there were.- Has a very home like atmosphere, lots of round tables and smaller tables for big or small parties. - one of those places where everything on the menu sounds good and LOOKS good (we kept turning our heads whenever someone brought food out to a table. EVERYTHING LOOKED AND SMELT so deliciousss- We were all satisfied with our meals. Full and happy by the end of it. - Service was friendly and overall experience put us all in high spirits. Can't remember exactly what we all ordered but note, it definitely was super savory.
5	Quite frankly, there isn't a better breakfast in America (don't tell my wife). Although TC Eggintons is a bit expensive and always crowded, the breakfast food is second to none.I am personally a fan of the french toast but pretty much everything on the menu is divine. Since breakfast is the most important meal of the day, I would start it off here.
5	One of the best breakfast places in the valley, hands down.We book a reservation for 8:45 am on Mother's Day and get right in (yay!).Employees are extremely friendly,personable, and accommodating. Checked up on us just the right amount. It was my family of 4 that dined in. We ordered Hot Mama (a tad spicy which I like), she had Eggs Benedict, my son had Blueberry Hill (Pancakes), and we also had my baby, who didn't order :)The orange juice is delicious, and also the hot chocolate (I know it's summertime in Phoenix!).The food is unbelievable, worth what they are asking. Our bill was $38.They are also very active on social media with their FB fan page and Twitter, which appeals to me.I GUARANTEE you won't be disappointed
3	I've had this place on my radar for awhile now, having checked out their menu online, I was wanting to try the pear omelet.  A friend and I stopped in after the National Kidney Foundation Walk and I expected for a late Saturday morning to find a line and a long wait.  I was surprised when we were seated immediately.  The atmosphere was like being in someone's home, very homey and comfortable.  I must say though, I was a little grossed out by the thick gray carpeting, it just looked dirty and and didn't feel very sanitary to me.My friend and I both ordered the pear omelet and it was good, not great.  Needed more pears in it if you're going to name the dish after them.  We noticed what others were eating and I must say I'd probably come back to try the fantastic looking french toast!  All in all I thought our experience was just average, nothing really stood out as being all that good or bad.
5	I've been coming to this restaurant since I was a little kid - the best breakfast in town, hands down! The service is great (the Stepford-esque waitress thing is a bit odd, but whatever) and the food is always fresh and consistent. This place is packed on the weekends, so be prepared to wait. The best time to go is early on a Sunday morning before the church crowd arrives.Try: Everything! My favorite is the Eggs Benedict, but the pancakes also rock.
4	Country Club AtmosphereQuick Friendly ServiceConsistently good Eggs BennyIf you're paying cash make sure you mention you want change because the waitresses will think you intentionally meant to give a $18 tip on a $25 meal for two.
3	I visited T. C. Eggington's while in Arizona for a family get-together. My first impression was not great. We stood around by the front desk for 5 minutes while the staff tried to avoid noticing we were there. Five minutes doesn't sound like a lot, but it's an eternity while waiting around for the hostess to notice you. We were finally seated and had a nice, but distracted, waiter assigned to our table. We started with what I have come to think of as typical Arizona coffee: bland, medium-roast Folgers-style. It was my first coffee in AZ, so I was surprised at how awful it was. I've realized since then that it's just how Arizonians prefer it and drink it. We waited a long time for breakfast to be served. The coffee cups sat around empty for long stretches and we had to remind the waiter to refill them. My breakfast was mostly worth the wait. I ordered the pear omelet. The combination of mild sweetness in a perfectly cooked omelet with Havarti cheese and a dash of bacon is fall-out-of-my-chair delicious. The potatoes were cold and pale. Be sure to try the apple cinnamon preserves. Very tasty and original. Lots of breakfast places have their own salsa, but their own jam recipes? Not many! You don't want to miss this one on your English muffins. The restaurant was not busy, so I have no idea why the service was such a wreck and the food was rather inconsistent. We were visiting Arizona for a graduation, so it could be that some of the staff was looking forward to their own graduation that weekend, or had been out late the night before. I'd give TC Eggington's another chance when back in AZ.
3	Had breakfast at TC's this morning and was seated immediately. Very odd considering that it was 10:00 on a Sunday morning and there were a ton of people sitting outside waiting for a table. And no, we did not do call ahead seating either. Felt kinda bad if we did accidentally take someone's table but I was starving and what the heck was I supposed to do?First thought when sitting down was that the uniforms that the waiters and waitresses had to wear were absolutely ridiculous and unflattering. Waist high mom khaki shorts with pastel polo's and loafers? WTF? The husband and I thought maybe they were going for an Easter theme? I actually felt bad for these poor kids. Yes, I say kids because most of them appears to be in their 20's. I also noticed that none of them were unattractive. I thought the stepford wife description I have seen in several reviews was an exaggeration but I can confirm that it is not. I liked that they had a carafe of ice water on the table. Also ordered the pina colada smoothie shoogle. WTF kinda name is that anyways? Well it was decent but there were lots of ice chunks and pineapple at the bottom of the glass that did not get ground up. For my meal, I ordered the farmers market eggs benny with potatoes. It was ok, just mediocre in my opinion. Being that eggs benny is my favorite breakfast, I have eaten a lot of them in my lifetime. This was one just not memorable for me. The eggs were cooked fine and overall, it was ok but the hollandaise was kinda bland not to mention was separating (I could see oil or butter separating from it) and the avocado was a little brown for my liking. The potato's were alright but nothing special. The hubby ordered the spicy Spain omelet with potatoes. The menu clearly states that it is "drenched with salsa and sour cream." Yet, when it arrived, there was no sour cream. I asked the waiter and she stated that that omelet no longer comes with sour cream but she would bring us some at no charge. She later told us that the next time we ordered that omelet, make sure to ask for a side of sour cream. WTF? I guess I am just confused as to why they can't just change the description on their menu? In any event, the hub said his omelet was simply k but didn't have enough filling in it. He also said that by topping the omelet with salsa and cheese and then heating it under the broiler, the salsa had a weird consistency and that he would rather have had the salsa on the side cold instead of warm. To each his own I suppose but the fact that his omelet, like my Benedict, was nothing memorable makes me not want to go out of my way to return here for breakfast. I will say that the apple cinnamon jelly on the table was good for the first few bites but it was a bit too sweet and Cinnamoni for my liking. I also didn't even think of it before but one reviewer had a great point about the "community jelly." Who knows how many nasty little mutants have licked the spoon or used that spoon on an already bitten piece of toast. My final thoughts: As stated before, I would not go out of my way to return. However, if someone else wanted to go or we were in the area, I wouldn't put up a fight to try it again. I would probably order the crab pastry benny next time and see if that is decent although with my meal today, I don't hold high hopes.PS: I noticed that there were doors separating the rooms so this may be a decent spot to go if you were having a large breakfast party or meeting
4	I had a seriously solid breakfast here. On a Tuesday morning around 8:45 it wasn't busy, but there was a solid stream of customers. I can see how another reviewer referred to TC Eggington's as "country-clubby" -- all the servers wear these terribly unflattering khaki shorts and a pastel polo tucked in plus the people sitting at the table next to me were talking about golf. I'm not a golfer myself (well, disc golf, but that's hardly the same), but I still felt comfortable here. On to the food -- I ordered an O'pear omelet after much deliberation. The eggs were cooked perfectly... still soft, but not undercooked -- and the amount and ratio of one filling to the next was perfect. Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner! My only complaint would be that the melon that came on the side was a big slice that still had the rind on it. I love that it was obviously freshly sliced, but it was a little difficult to eat. The service was friendly and the atmosphere was nice. If it wasn't edging 90 degrees I might have sat outside. Next time I'm in town I'm going to have to try the French toast...
3	A solid breakfast nook serving all of the standard fare, but in incredibly large portions.  On the plus side, this will be the only meal you'll need all day.
5	This is an excellent breakfast restaurant...also good for lunch.  They have a huge selection of both standard, as well as unique menu items.  My family and friends have been going to TC's for years...I highly recommend it!
4	If you're looking for a good meal with solid service you'll find it here.  The menu has something for everyone, too.  If you like to go out for lunch or brunch, this is a great place to go.  Friendly, fast staff helps make the experience that much better.
5	Love this place and I am not a breakfast person. The french toast (they call it english toast with a french flair) is the best I have ever had. They are always really busy so expect a short wait. The atmosphere is fun and I have always had really good service. Unique items on the menu including an eggs benedict with crab meat and artichokes which was soooo good!
4	We were looking for a brunch spot after church Sunday and of course, thanks to the great # of reviews via Yelp... my brother, hubby and I headed to TC Eggington's. There was a line but the wait was about 15 minutes. The menu includes a variety of omelets, french toast, pancakes, sandwiches and pitas. They offer fresh juice and the waiter said their current special was a pumpkin latte. I normally would have ordered a latte but I already had my coffee fix so I passed. I ordered a vegetable omelet, my brother ordered a pita sandwich and my hubs ordered blueberry pancakes. The pancakes were HUGE! My omelet was substituted with egg whites and mixed with fresh veggies. They also have 3 different jam options on the table. (It's not freshly made jam though)The bathrooms are interesting. The woman's is completely separated from the men's room. And they even have an old-fashioned phone in the middle for customers to use. (Although most people I assume have a cell phone now)Service was great no complaints.
4	Great breakfast and lunch options. Love the eggs Benedict here, made with real hollandaise sauce not cheese sauce some places use. They're small juices are very small but luckily ever table has it's own carafe of lemon ice water if you're a big drinker like me. Be prepared to wait if you show up on a weekend morning, good breakfast places always have a line.
4	Excellent quality food all around and a friendly eager to please staff make for one of the better breakfast experiences in Mesa. The decor here is a little old fashioned - kinda feels like having breakfast in Kansas :)
5	I eat at TC Eggingtons at least once a month if not more.  My office is across the street and it is one of my favorite places to go if I am eating lunch out.  I have not had anything on the menu that has not been amazing.  They are always willing to make slight alterations in the way they prepare something to help me with any crazy diet I am on. I highly recommend TC Eggingtons for brunch or just an everyday breakfast or lunch.
4	Quite a good breakfast.  Very good selection of food.  If it were closer, I would eat here often.
4	Best omelet ever.  The O'Pear Grenache omelet was incredible, I tasted my companions and was immediately regretting my choice of French Toast.  The French Toast was really good, but didn't compare to that omelet.The service was incredible.  The place was absolutely packed, but my table of two never lacked for attention.  What we did lack was space!  The table we were at was TINY, our meals and drinks barely fit on the table. The restaurant itself is not large, it is actually quite cramped.  Don't go here if you are bothered by crowds and cramped quarters.  It's also quite loud on weekends, conversation was difficult.We went on a Saturday around 10am.  We managed to get a table immediately, but it looked like most others had about a 15 minute wait.
3	TC's isn't a bad spot for breakfast. The pear omlette is my favorite with cottage cheese. Worth a try- plan on a wait.
3	NOTE: The restaurant is located right off I-60 on your right hand side, so make sure to turn into that first plaza, so that you don't miss it! I came here on a Saturday around 11 am, and a table for 2 was about a 15 minute wait. The restaurant is very cozy and cute, and the staff is great, full of smiles and very nice. My boyfriend and I ordered:1) Crab Stuffed Pastry Benedict + Potatoes - The core is imitation crab with artichoke hearts on a crispy pastry, almost like a toasted croissant taste. Then, the whole thing is topped by a poached egg and plentiful hollendaise sauce. The sauce is definitely the best part of the dish. I don't care too much for imitation crab, especially if the dish costs ~$12 (quite pricey for imitation, in my opinion). The potatoes were eh. and there wasn't very much of them.2) Eggs Benedict + Fruit  - DO NOT GET FRUIT as a side, because it literally came with 2 pieces of orange and 2 small slices of honeydew. Not much of a fruit salad. This was the standard eggs benedict, poached egg over canadian bacon (which was cooked well), and english muffin. The hollendaise sauce was again the star of the show, and smothered all over the plate (hopefully, you like the sauce as much as I did, otherwise it would be too overwhelming)3) Side Fruit Salad - grapes, kiwi, apples, honeydew, canteloupe, watermelon - now that's a real side fruit salad.Overall, the food is okay, but the service is great. I'll probably try an omelette next time.
5	My favorite breakfast spot, by far! You can't go wrong with anything you order, but my favorites are their eggs benedict, their english harvest omelet and their breakfast salad. It's a good family restaurant, but if you are bringing a group on a weekend morning, call ahead so you don't have a long wait! The staff is always great, and usually the owner is there, seating guests himself! Tip: You can order reduced portions of their omelets and a half order of the breakfast salad!
3	Food is good. Coffee is too weak and tastes like a lot of water added to it. They charge you if they add a shot to make it taste like regular coffee.
2	I appreciated the unique tastes and odd breakfast pairings (asparagus, mushrooms, goat cheese, etc.) on T.C. Eggington's eclectic looking menu, but the variety offered really isn't as extensive as it first appears, service was average at best and the pricing is pretty extreme for what equates to Waffle House quality food with an extra helping of mushrooms and hollandaise sauce thrown on top. Basic entrees and orange juice for 2 individuals = $26...before tip! That's certainly an expensive way to start your day!The atmosphere makes it a great place to take family visiting from out of town, which I plan to do, but the price makes it hard to justify as a regular breakfast stop. You can get equivalent food at other local establishments for half the price.
4	Really like this place for brunch!  They have AMAZING pancakes (called Girdle cakes) - they're not too sweet, they're super fluffy, and they kind of have a bit of a sourdough taste to them.  Delicious!  Also really love their English muffins with 'Parlour Preserves' - they're own kind of jelly.   I usually get the same omelette - three chees with mushrooms - and the one thing that bothers me is that it's a different size every time.  Not a lot of quality control there.  That being said, we've gone many times and never had a bad meal.
5	Best Breakfast Location in the Valley of the Sun!  This is the best place to take mom on Mother's Day and well worth the drive from anywhere in town!   I first found out about TC Eggington's in an MCC Small Business class back in 1988 when the owners spoke to our class. Needless to say have been hooked ever since!  That's 24 years!!!To start with EVERY HUGE Omelette is a must our favorites are the:Cottage Reef:  Savory crab meat and cream cheese dipped in a rich hollandaise sauce and topped with garden fresh artichoke hearts. This comes with a mound of homemade hashbrowns and English Toast too...you will not leave hungry!  Another favorite is the Roasted Tuscan: Fire roasted eggplant, red peppers, garlic, zucchini, topped with fresh basil, sun dried tomatoes and feta cheese!The boys like the Piglet's Passion:  diced ham, pork, sausage, bacon, green peppers, olives, tomatoes, onions, and assorted cheeses and one omelette is big enough for two! Priced at $8.95 each.We love to get the orchard fresh fruit platter Cantalope, grapes, Kiwi, pineapple etc. with a giant english muffin on the side for an extra buck!The Palour Creations are just as good try the Santa Fe Sautee pepper grilled chicken or the Crack of Dawn complete in it's own pan! We love to get breakfast to go here on a Saturday morning and eat it with the kids at the Phoenix Zoo or Encanto Park or just before a family hike!  Cheers Here's to TC Eggington's!
5	Uh...the reviews were so on point about this place.  I love the decor.  A bit old school with that exclusive country club feel.  The music was nostalgic: reminded me of growing up listening to my mom's favorite station Lite FM in NY (a mix of 70s and 80s lite pop).  Everything was delicious, can't wait to go back.  The omelettes and French toast are indeed wonderful...wow.
3	This is a cute place to grab some breakfast with the family. The service is excellent. There is a great variety of breakfast options. The prices are also very reasonable for the amount of food you get. The best part is the apple butter jam. It is amazing. I wanted to eat it right out of the jar. The rest of the food is good, but not exceptional. Overall, it is a good place to go for a reasonable breakfast, just don't expect anything amazing.
4	We went here on Sunday for Mother's Day. If you go out on this day it's a given that it's going to be busy. So I will not be judging service too hard. For the most part our service was great, waitress forgot a few things and we had to ask a few times but I'm sure she was under a lot of pressure with the place being so busy. I ordered the eggs Benedict and substituted my potatoes for a Pancakes for $1.00 more. We had ordered iced tea and when you do this they bring a carafe full of tea that way you can help yourself to more, I loved this, especially considering how busy it was. The eggs Benedict had a very delicious hollandaise sauce, I had no complaints with my meal it was delicious. I will return here again :)
4	Great diverse menu for a breakfast joint! We've been here many many times and the food is always great. Their menu is really uniquely created yet it doesn't stray into any crazy foodie territory, which is a plus for my kids.  Try the apple jam on the tables!  Great place to bring out of town guests. Negatives: There is always a huge crowd waiting to be seated, but the wait it fast. The "theme" is preppy country farmhouse and the staff wear outfits that would make an 80's Molly Ringwald proud- khaki shorts, preppy shirts, pastel socks and loafers.  Overall, this place never disappoints and is great for a unique twist on typical brunch foods.
1	I read below that this restaurant is a great place to take your mom out for breakfast... so hey, I listened, and decided it'd be worth a try. My mom and I headed out Sunday morning to grab a nice meal and catch up. Well unless your idea of bringing mom out to breakfast is causing her to have an aneurysm then this isn't the place for you. Look, I'm patient, but when I walked into a restaurant and try to simply put my name on the waitlist and get shoved aside by other patrons, that's strike 1. When the manager and his five unhelpful staff of chickens run around like their heads are cut off, that also worries me. Does it really take 6 people to man the front of the restaurant -- and by man I mean disregard customers? Glad I walked out before being sat down because I'm sure the kitchen is in as much disarray as the entrance.
5	Best breakfast in the valley  - hands down!
4	Visited 5/30/12...This is a gem that is tucked away at the Southwest corner of Alma School and 60.  In the same parking lot as Chicago Pizza.  Went for a brunch.  Figured it would have cleared out but Noon.  Nope.  Still line to get in. Had a skillet menu with a pancake.  Everthing tasted great.  Pancake was huge. Not sure why I have not been here before??  But will definately return.
5	Best breakfast, consistent for the past 15 years I have eaten there...and today I ventured to the lunch menu. Holy sandwich Batman! Turkey. Bacon. Cheddar. Apple. Caramelized Onions. Sun-dried Tomatoes. Do it!
5	This is my absolute favorite breakfast restaurant. It's always crazy on the weekends, but hey, with a place this good how could you expect it NOT to be crazy? They also allow you to make reservations; it's your own fault if you're waiting an hour! Food is always great, and that's why I keep coming back even 8 years later.
4	YUMMY!Only complaint is the portions could have been  bigger, otherwise, great place for breakfast!
4	My Father in Law always says that going to TC Eggington's is like being on vacation, and he is so right!It is a bright, sunny restaurant with a little bit of outdoor seating, however I always prefer to sit inside for either the airconditioning or heat, depending on the time of year. The decor in the restaurant is preppy-country, with chicken wire accents (ie. in the menu covers), Country-style tables and chairs, llight colors, lots of windows, and flowers on each table. The servers are typically very good - they tend to be young, clean cut, and well spoken. They all dress in pastel polo shirts, khaki shorts, and loafers, which lends to the resort/Country Club feel of the place. There is an older gentleman who is usually at the front desk; I believe he is the manager or owner. He is often friendly but has also been a bit rude on occasion - try to let this slide if you can as the rest of the restaurant is so worth it! The food is great - I really haven't anything that I did not like, although there are definitely some favorites! My favorite dish at TC's is the Au Pear Grenache Omelet - a delicious omelet filled and topped with bacon, almonds, fresh slices of pear, and gruyere cheese. It is a nice savory omelet with a hint of sweetness from the pears. The crunch of the almonds keeps it interesting and it is SO GOOD. It is served with breakfast potatoes (a nice complement to the texture of the omelet) and a house-made English muffin. The English Muffin is a great way to finish - they have yummy apple-cinnamon preserves on every table. My husband's favorite dish is a lunch item: the Natie Bomb Sandwich. It is a turkey sandwich served on 12 grain bread with bacon, cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, and APPLE (yum!) with a sundried tomato sauce. It usually comes with a cold pasta salad, but I recommend going with an alternate side as the pasta salad isn't all that great. The pancakes, fritatta, etc are all delicious as well! I highly recommend TC Eggingtons for a nice, vacationy breakfast.OH! And the best thing: They take reservations. They are usually super busy for brunch on the weekends and you can wait 30 minutes + for a table, but if you know you want to dine with them ahead of time, make a reservation and everything is so much easier. I've never had to wait more than a couple of minutes whenever I make a reservation ahead of time.
1	We went here for first time just a few days ago because someone recommended it.  I liked the atmosphere when we walked in door.  They had pitchers of water on the tables with lemon slices and ice which was a nice change especially in AZ.  I love my water and lemon.  Ordered the special which was the quiche with spinach, bacon, and avocado.  I have never in my life had a bad quiche not even a frozen one.  This one was really bad.  It took me two hands and lots of force on my fork to cut through the bottom of the crust.  It was obviously old and had been in refrigerator and then microwaved.  You could taste the refrigeration and it was cold warm cold warm all throughout.  Potatoes were ok you cant really mess that up but no spices or anything just nothing special.  Ordered French toast instead cuz lady that gave recommendation said that was her favorite.  Yuck.  Wasnt cooked all the way through soggy in the middle and came with a big scoop of bad tasting margarine on top.  The bread was huge and it was meant to be special I could tell but it just didnt taste special.  It didnt even taste regular let alone special.  Had a funny taste that I am not sure I can describe.  The service was very good but the food was just no good.  This company also owns Ncounter in Tempe and I see they are also getting bad reviews.
2	The food should get 4 stars, but having a dirty table on 2 visits in a row equals one or two stars in my book.  If the table is dirty, you wonder about overall cleanliness, but I do have a theory.My theory is the servers bus their own tables.  That happens in a lot of places, but T.C. gets pretty darn busy, and in the quest to turn those tables quickly and get more tip money, I think corners are being cut.On both visits I was greeted with a smile and quickly seated.  As I prepared to order the first time I moved my water glass and noticed a big splotch of hot sauce that had dried on the table.  I chuckled considering the strategic placement of the glass to hide it.  Someone did that on purpose.  I ordered the Crack O'Dawn which was a hearty blend of potatoes, ham, onion, shrooms, melted cheese, and eggs.  The kind of breakfast our forefathers ate before going out to work the fields.  Me, I was just getting sustenance for my drive to Deer Valley.On the second visit I sat down and almost put my book in a big spot of pancake syrup that was on the table.  That one pissed me off.  Any server worth their salt knows that if any patron had any item at the table that required syrup, they got it on the table.  Lazy job of cleaning it between customers.  That time I ordered the Farmer's Market Ben E. Dict because I was experiencing carnivore guilt.  The toasted English muffin was layered with spinach, tomatoes, eggs, and avocado.  Really enjoyed that one as well.  Overall the food is good.  If you have Midwestern family members or friends visiting, they would most likely love this joint.  I am concerned about the cleanliness though.  I'm going to have to think about going back a third time.  It's not high on my list.
5	My fav Breakfast place! We try to go here when we want a good omelet for breakfast! They have several different ones. It's large serving and the french toast is so delicious! It's a bit pricey for breakfast but you get what you pay for. Food is always fresh and the service is great. We have never had an issue and they take reservations. We do large parties of 20...then the service is a bit slow but it's expected  when we have large parties. I love the Pear Omelet!
4	We have lived here for almost 5 years and we just found this place!  We are always on the hunt for a great bfast place.   I
4	Food and service is great.... Sunday .... Get there early.. lots to get of the menu.Pancakes looked great.
4	We never go to breakfast, but glad we did.  Happen to be in the area and great place.  Good portions, good value.  Had the breakfast Chorizo and was really really good.  If it was a bit closer to home would definitely go back.  If I'm in the area, we will be going back!
3	Great for breakfast or brunch. Very country feel. Didn't try any of the specialties, but they looked great.  Will definitely go back to try more dishes!!
5	I was a regular at TC Eggington's for four years. And when I say regular, I mean every weekend.The owner, Tom is probably the nicest man you will ever meet. He is extremely welcoming and friendly, even when the place is packed out. He never seems to forget a face and you feel like he's been waiting for you to walk in.Ok...so now, the most important part of this, the food. Incredible. I mean, what other place do you know that can make something as unappetizing as a bran muffin taste so good that you'll be asking for another one after the first bite? This place.Aside from the bran muffins, they have an amazing omelet, the Spain. It's just the right amount of spicy or the Vegetable Gardena fritatta. They even make oatmeal that tastes like it came from a gourmet kitchen. Seriously, what other place makes oatmeal like this??And they must only hire the cutest servers, the girls are all wholesome and sweet, with cute little patterned socks and loafers. It's almost like if you aren't attractive, you are immediately dismissed from the hiring process.If you haven't been here, you need to march your breakfast loving booty here now and order your heart out.
5	T. C. Eggington's.  We found this place with my iPhone one morning while looking for brunch.  The ratings were good, so we decided to give them a try.We walked in and had kind of a U. S. Egg experience: no sooner did we enter than FIVE consistently dressed and made-up women (some in shorts, some with blond hair, and ALL in pink-dominated pastels) turned their heads to greet us in a Stepford fashion.  One led us to a table in the back of the restaurant.  The surreal combination of this, menus with chicken wire inset into them, a long table next to us filled with 60-plus diners, and "Like a Fool Believes" playing over the restaurant speakers had me in a fit of uncontrollable laughter.The menu was so full of puns like "hens forth", and "egg cetera" that I was almost too distracted to order my food.  However, I did settle on a stack of pancakes and sharing an order of french toast with my wife.Frankly, I thought they only served pancakes THIS BIG at truck stops out around Kingman.  These things are gigantic.  Taste?  Best I've had in a restaurant--and I've had lots of pancakes in restaurants.  Order a stack here, and you'll have enough breakfast for two to three days afterwards--getting your money's worth is always a good thing.  Same for the French Toast--big portions, WOW taste.This is the place you bring visitors from out of town when you want  to take them to have breakfast or brunch out.  The next morning, you can have breakfast or brunch IN, with the same food.T. C. Eggington's is the ultimate breakfast joint in the Valley.  Go.  Just. . .go.
2	Im not sure of we went on an off day but the service was slow. The food was mediocre at best. I ordered the crab pastry with hollandaise. It was imitation and the hollandaise was obviously a powder. I could taste the butter flavored margarine on the potatoes. we will.not be going back. $30 for two people plus tip. Such a waste. Also the tables and high chairs were gross I had to wipe them down.
4	This is always a great breakfast. My personal favorite at the moment is the Greek Fetash and the Farmer's Market Ben E. Dict. A work of caution though concerning the crab dishes. I asked the waitress what kind of crab was used, since I used to get a Snow Crab omelette at another place in San Diego, and she said it was imitation crab meat. Uh, that's not crab meat , it's Whitefish. If you're going to use imitation crab meat then call it what it is. None the less, T.C.'s is still a great breakfast but get there before 9AM or you'll be waiting for a table. That's always a good sign of a place to eat.Edit 12 Feb 2013. A few things that should be mentioned. Be careful going from the little side parking lot to the restaurant. There are some steps that aren't marked and are the same concrete gray as the rest of the slab. This goes for the step up on the curb also.  The landlord really should paint those steps yellow as there are a large number of seniors that frequent T.C.'s and this could become a huge negligence issue, especially now that I've posted it on the internet.Another issue that came up, since there's a lot of seniors that go there is the generous food portions. This is great for the twenty something crowd but for what appears to be a large number of seniors that go there TC's really needs a Seniors Menu. It's time they survey the demographic of their clientele or even a simple informal survey mentioned at the door.
4	This reminded me of a place back home in California. My bf yelped it and we grabbed breakfast before going to a local arts festival. There was no wait for a Sunday morning, which I was surprised about. But they handle their crowd very well. I had the french toast with a side of eggs and sausage, and the mr had an omelet, all of which were really good. Our server was super sweet and we didn't feel rushed or imposed upon. I would definitely come back.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place for breakfast. They are always busy but I've never had to wait. The selection for breakfast is yummy!  I'd suggest this place to everyone!
5	Man oh man this place was really good! I went with my dad for breakfast and I had the Greek Fetash omelet. I was SO good! I wish we had an egg place like this in Flagstaff! I really liked the feta cheese (the amount and taste) the best on the omelet, I did pick off the artichoke hearts on top of the omelet, I thought they would come inside but it was still really good. Also the omelet came with an English muffin and breakfast potatoes. Breakfast potatoes were great and what made the English muffin was the apple cinnamon jelly! Oh my gosh it was REALLY good! You can by the jelly at the hostess station I think, I saw jars and they looked like they were for sell. Next time I think I will have to buy a jar! I WILL be back!
5	Meeting a friend before heading to the airport.  Had a great meal.  Every dish was tasty with very fresh ingredients.  Used the tip to call ahead and bypassed a lot of people waiting outside on an unseasonably chilly phoenix morn.
5	This place is just great!! Been here several  times and it has never disappointed. I love ordering a fresh baked muffin everytime I go there with a some coffee while I decide on my meal. The muffin is always fresh and steaming and the coffee has a fresh brewed taste. Breakfast portions are quite large and wholesome. Last visit there I have the Eggs Benedict and a blueberry muffin. Everything was superb. My girlfriend had an order of French toast with a side of eggs and bacon. The French toast were huge and plentiful. There were about 5-6 giant strips of bacon in the side and what seamed to be 2-3 eggs( they were order scrambled) everything was great :).. If I could eat here on a daily trust me I would lol.. It's a pleasant place to go visit for some great wholesome food on a early mid morning day.
4	Really good omelettes for a fair price.Service was kind of meh.
5	This place has both good service and very good food. The eggs Benedict is my favorite and the portions are large. Decently priced and good parking.
1	As indicated in my previous review this place wasn't high on my list to return to, but we were going right by there and I've never had an issue with the food, so why not.  Well, yet again, the table was sticky.  We watched our server and the owner push two dirty tables together for an 8-top, remove all the dirty plates, glasses, etc, and not wipe the table down.  Then, after the couple next to me left, the server cleaned off the dirty dishes and gave a cursory wipe of one corner with a rag.  The owner comes along to seat the next guests, notices the water ring on the table, wipes his right hand through it, and then spins to shake the hand of the next guest.  I'm in the dirty table Twilight Zone.And this time because our server was busy bussing tables, our food came out lukewarm, and Mr. M's yolks were cool and had solidified under the heat lamp.  Hire.  Some.  Bussers.   I want to like this place, but now I know the tables are a petri dish.  Good luck.  I will not be back again.
4	Awesome breakfast items. Hearty and full of flavor. I love the Big Hot Mama Frittata.
5	Favorite place in the valley to get breakfast! Love the Eggs Benedict and Crab Stuffed Pastry!
4	We were in the PHX area and and my friend Douglas invited us to check out his home.  We were meeting in the morning and he suggested we have breakfast and that he had a good place to meet.  We were not sure what to expect...Dennys or something but when he told us where we were pleasantly surprised.  The food we had was very good.  The wife and I shared a Santa Fe scramble and French Toast.  Both were very good.  The Cinnamon bread was thick and very good and fresh and the skillet was a good spicy.    As he mentioned to his wife we were plate cleaners and must have liked the place.  It was clean and nicely decorated and like the old-time light bulbs.I would definitely go back the next time we are in the PHX area.
5	One of the best breakfast places in my book. The apple pancakes are amazing, as well as the French toast! I lovebthwtbthey give you a carafe of iced tea instead of constant refills. As well as a carafe of ice water with a lemon slice! This is a must try in my book!! Worth the wait and drive, amazing staff.
5	Yesterday I went here after Pat Tillman run amazingly great breakfast warm bran muffins to die for sante Fe scramble delicious everything was fresh a must for breakfast/lunch if you're in this area.
3	So many items on their menu are amazing, I hate to mark it down 2 stars, but they get a solid F for finishing touches.  Margarine instead of real butter (unless you specifically ask for it,) non-dairy "creamer" instead of cream or half and half (the best they can do for your coffee is whole milk,) and the whipped cream tastes like play doh.  It has to come from a can.  Seriously, I have no idea why they make such delicious breakfasts like their huge,thick, French toast, their mouthwatering English bran muffin, spicy Spain omelette (a paleo dieter's dream if you sub out the tortilla and potatoes,) or the rich and amazing crab dishes.  There are too many outstanding dishes to name. So why skimp on the little things and diminish the whole thing?  I have no idea.  I've submitted this idea to the manager on several occasions, and been summarily ignored.  It's a shame.  Because of the insistence on using sub-par dairy, we don't go there very often.
5	Absolutely best brunch place in town! Only bad thing is, that it is so good, it is always crowded!
5	The best part is the service.  Despite large tables the servers are always friendly.  Food is delicious.  Some of the customers are rude when they sit  at the table for 45 minutes after finishing their meal and conduct business.  This while there is clearly tons of people waiting.  Most of these types are young frat looking boys who think the world revolves around them.  Maybe a few people could learn manners in the tiny waiting area and give up their seat for an old lady.  Maybe the owner should be mindful of this and make a concerted effort to reserve seats in the waiting area for elderly and handicapped but think the owner is to afraid of offending a rude kid with a nose ring, purple hair and a dragon tattoo around his eyes.
1	just ate here for the first and last time. the breakfast we had was the worst i've had in a long time. i got the farmers egg benedict. was floating in hollandaise which made the eng. muffin soggy. the potatoes tasted like they might have been microwaved, soggy. my other half had a crabmeat and artichoke with cream cheese...ugh ugh yeah cream cheese omelet i gave it a try and was just gross.  service was good wait time was good. atmosphere was good. food was not.
5	This has got to be one of the best breakfast restaurants around.  It has continued to serve delicious and out of the usual offerings for at least the last 15 years.  The service is spot on and it is cute.  (Even the bathroom is adorable.)Most recently I had the eggs benedict with avocado and no meat.  YUM!  Seriously good.  Looking forward to going back sometime soon.
3	I have always loved your restaurant, food and service but this last time I went I was not happy at all.  The chairs were full of crumbs and the table was not clean.  Seemed to take an awfully long time to get our order and then the sandwiches were served before the soup.  Should we have to ask to have our soup first?  My husband's pancakes were terrible, too thick and totally tough.  He had to cut them with a knife and the syrup would not even permeate them.  Should have sent them back and gotten something else but we did not.  Bigger is not always better obviously!
4	Finally after 20 some odd years, I am finally eating here . . . though not for breakfast, but for a light business lunch.We were seated quickly, and our drink order taken . . . shortly after our drinks arrived, our wiatress returned to tak our order . . . I ordred the Balsamic Florentine Chicken Grille Sandwich.The sandwich arrived in a reasonable amount of time . . . and was unbelievable.  The chicken was hot and moist . . . the mushroooms with the balsamic dressing were sweet and tasty . . . the cibatta roll was crusty on the outside and soft on the inside.  The black bean side salad was also good . . . the problem was I wanted to finish my whole sandwich . . . so I did have some salad left over.The reason for the loss of a star was simple . . . our waitress did stop back and check on us once, but since we were there for over an hour . . . I would have light to have had somewon from the restaurant check back with us.Return trip . . . Most Definitely . . .
5	For breakfast on a Sunday afternoon, I don' think it gets much better than this. Food prepared with excellence, friendly staff and owners, with fresh unique, delicious dishes to try. Newly remodeled dinning area helps as well. Must tries include, French toast, bran muffin, Eggington omlette, actually just about anything you order is goingto be great.
5	Owners are always there and service is great. I love their Eggs Benedict and Strawberry pancakes! Fun, cosy little restaurant that has been there for years!
4	Walked in and place was pretty packed but i was seated right away.... Courteous and attentive service....There menu was very fancy pants and a lot of the stuff looked very good. I just ended up ordering there equivalent of a Denver omelet.... Came with home fries and an English muffin. The potatoes were spot on and only needed a tad more salt. The omelet was delicious but the standout to me was the homemade apple cinnamon jam they have on every table.... Coffee was solid and there was a craft of water on every table as well.... All in all good place for brekky!!!
5	Everything I have eaten here is excellent not to mention, they offer the BEST Eggs Benedict EVER MADE!  I love this family owned restaurant and have been going for years.  I especially love their new decor and light fixtures, it gives the restaurant a great country feel inside.
5	One thing I worry about when I go out for breakfast is whether they will give me enough to fill up my belly.  I'm a growing man, and I know that "you can't be your best... if you don't eat a good breakfast".  Enter T.C. Eggingtons!  The staff is friendly and professional, the food is good, and you get plenty to eat (if you can finish).  I started with the belgian waffle and a side of bacon, but since then I've moved on to the eggs benedict (delish!), and I've landed on the Crack O' Dawn.  It's big, it has everything I like, and I leave full and happy.
5	Wow! Just happened to be on the East side and googled best breakfast on East side. This place came up and after looking at the menu decided to try it out. We are so happy we did, BEST breakfast we have ever had. And we've been to many of "the best of" breakfast places. Such creative ingredients, not the same old boring breakfast items that you see everyplace else. Our breakfast took awhile to come out but we didn't care, we were enjoying a delicious Bloody Mary. Our waitress was awesome and apologized several times for the wait and upon paying the bill, she gave us a complimentary muffin, their signature bran muffin. We split it for breakfast the next day and it was wonderful. Can't wait to go back here! LOVE!
5	Three eggs, over easy and a side of bacon; perfect!The staff at TC Eggingtons know how to make breakfast right, and I'll invite ALL of my acquaintances to come and have breakfast with me here ;)
5	My family and I have been coming to TC Egginton's since I was a child, and we still make a point to come by for breakfast every weekend! The food, service, and atmosphere are all phenomenal. Everything on the menu is good, but my personal tip is to order the cordon bleu omelette. It is not on the menu anymore, but they are happy to make it for you and it is delicious!
5	I frequent TC Eggintons weekly for a business breakfast, and the only problem that I have is deciding what to get. The food is great. For me it is a toss up between the eggs Benedict or the English harvest omlet. The staff there is great as well, very courteous and provide great service. The restaurant is very clean as well. Overall I really cant complain, this is one of my favorite breakfast places.
1	Not impressed...  saw a couple reviews that were not stellar, should have listened!  Pancake was as heavy as the plate it was sitting on & the omelette veggies were supposed to be roasted, nope, raw.  Sorry, 1st & last time I'm here!
4	The in-laws took me as this morning as a belated birthday meal.  They usually go to Crackers but I found this place under one site's best breakfast, and it got pretty good reviews on Yelp so figured why not.We went at 930 and they were busy but not busy enough for a wait...it was like people were still sitting from earlier.  The hosts seemed like a fake nice and when the bro-in-law and his girlfriend showed up, they didn't bother to bring them menus.  Never even caught the server's name but she seemed nice enough.  Two of the glasses on the table were dirty and when I handed them to her, she didn't bring new ones. It also has bad acoustics or something since it is kinda loud in the place, I kept having to have people repeat themselves. I specifically picked a place that made eggs benedict because it is my favorite breakfast meal.  The hollandaise sauce was really good but one egg was overcooked since the yolk wouldn't run and the other was slightly underdone because the whites were a little jiggly.  I do really like how the pancakes are huge, my daughter should have only gotten one, and how they leave carafes of water and my tea on the table so you don' t have to wait for a server to refill.  We will definitely try this place again.  This visit was more like a 3.5 instead of 4
5	This place means business when it comes to breakfast. The portions are enormous and everything is made using super high quality ingredients. The french toast slicers were as big as my face and the bacon is super thick cut. Any place that serves you see-through floppy meat should not be able to call it bacon!The service was average but the food is where it's at! There's this awesome apple cinnamon jelly on the table for your biscuits too. Easily my favorite breakfast place. I just wish they were open later because I like breakfast at all times of the day.
1	I have been a patron of Eggingtons for over 20 years. I have nothing bad to say about the food itself, it's amazing and wonderful and I'll still come back despite this review. However, that being said, a patron who has been coming for 20+ years should have been treated in a much more professional manner. I made a reservation 2 MONTHS in advance of the Saturday before mother's day to have a Bridal Shower Bruncheon for my Sister-in-law. Yes, it was a large party, yes it was the Saturday BEFORE Mother's Day...all of which was irrelevant because if this was going to be a problem, you should NOT have taken the reservation for me in the first place. Most restaurants I go to that I've made reservations for usually have the table ready for me when I get there, which I assumed would be the case as I had requested it be ready a few moments ahead of 11:30 so I could set up the cupcakes, games, etc. I arrived at 10:55 to be sure that everything was in place and to drop off the cupcakes so they wouldn't melt. The hostess took the cupcakes and my name and said the table wasn't ready yet, so I went to run a last minute errand and came back at 11:20. To my chagrin, not only was my table STILL not ready, another party was still occupying it, which I was told only after waiting for another 10 minutes with balloons, favors and gifts in the lobby when I finally went up and asked what had happened with the reservation.  The hostess basically had no response other than that it "wasn't quite 11:30 yet" and that the bills were being taken up. I glanced over to where she had just looked and saw that the people were literally still eating. Another party of 15 people were not even close to being done, so it was close to noon before we were seated.  After finally getting settled, there were no further issues, but it just wasn't what I'd had in my mind. I'd wanted everything all set up and pretty for everyone's arrival, and there was no apology for the miscommunication on Eggington's side.It may not sound like it from this review, but I'm actually a pretty reasonable person. If something like this happens, I get it, it's an accident, but don't make me stand there with a group of 15 people and feel like the dummy when it wasn't my fault either. Bring out some muffins, find another place to move us out of the way, continue to apologize for the mistake and bring me some free whatever-the-bride-to-be's-favorite-drinks are (raspberry mochas) when we're finally seated. It's really a lot easier to alleviate these issues than it seems, unfortunately management doesn't seem to take this approach the majority of the time.
2	I was unimpressed. I've heard great things about this place, but perhaps the hype made me expect more. I went with a girlfriend for a Saturday brunch. We sat outside and that patio area is as nice as a patio facing a parking lot can be. We split an order of eggs benedict with potatoes and the Morning Glory omelet with fruit. The eggs benedict was standard. The omelet was okay, but I've had better in much smaller establishments. For the price we paid, I expected better.
5	I've always had a hard time deciding between eggs Benedict and an omelet.... Well this place has is figured out. By far the best breakfast place I've been to in Arizona. I just moved here from Abq but this place beats any place there as well. I cannot wait to eat here again. Excellent excellent food. Thank you for giving me a place to spend my money on amazing food.
4	Breakfast was great, quick and the establishment is very clean.  Price is a little high but definitely worth it.
5	Nothing but good things to say. I have been coming to t.c eggingtons since I was 8. The incredible and friendly service never changes the quality of food impresses me every time, the pricing is reasonable and the general atmosphere is welcoming and pleasant
4	Ah T.C. Eggington's...I wish your brunch lines weren't such a feat of strength. If you're going on the weekend, be prepared to wait. This is a cute spot in a nondescript shopping center that is home to a Boot Barn and a few of your typical commercial center shops. You'll know where T.C. is by the line of people anxiously waiting to get their bacon and egg on in various stages of "ohmygodhowlonghavewebeenwaiting."The menu is a fun mix of omelettes, egg creations, pancakes, waffles and lunch. Honestly, I've only glanced once at the lunch menu because I mean well..it's an egg place. I came for the eggs.They have really good housemade jams that are on the table and ready to be slathered on their homemade english muffins which will put those store bought kind to shame. They come slightly buttered and are just a little crisp around the edges. They're very light and not spongey like the ones that come in a plastic bag at the market.My favorite omelette is the o'pear grenache a mixture of pears, sliced almonds and Havarti. I know, who puts pears in an omelette? But it's one of those weirdly delicious flavor combinations that you would never put together yourself. The beverages are solid-I've enjoyed every cup of coffee and juice that I've had here and they now offer adult beverages which is a rich reward for what is often a long wait.The service is friendly and attentive, even during the busiest hours and the wait staff wears old timey button down and khaki numbers that really just have to be seen to be believed (and understood). I think crazy socks are part of the uniform too because I've never seen an average pair in the times that I've dined there and believe me, I've looked.Despite the wait this is a consistently good brunch option that I will continue to wait for!
3	Meh. Perhaps eggs and potatoes were the wrong thing to get. Didn't know you could mess that up... Just not great. The English muffin was fantastic though.
5	Lived up to the hype. The spicy Spain was delicious. As was the oj..very cozy spot with reasonable prices. Will go again
5	Just made reservations which made realize I should review them since we love this place!We have been coming here since moving to the east valley 10 years ago. The breakfasts here are really good!  Omelets, girdle cakes, parlour creations, egg cetera and frittatas. Best French Toast ever!! The cinnamon rolls are very good too. We always have left overs so it's like getting two breakfasts for the price of one.  I honestly can't comment on lunch because I have only eaten breakfast but based on that I would bet lunch is great too.Servers are all clean cut, preppy looking, and VERY attentive...which is good because TCE is always packed.  They do take reservations which is good because you will need them on any holiday. See you there Friday!
5	Amazing Food and Even Better Service!  I meet here with my business networking group and they always take care of us!  I love their Strawberry Banana Smoothies!!  Delish!
5	I send everyone I know and several people I've only just met to TC's.  Yum just doesn't do it justice.  Breakfast or lunch, you are in for amazing, fresh food served by intelligent servers and you can even meet the owner because this isn't just a past time for him, I don't think I've ever been in that he hasn't been there.  Don't miss out on this gem.
5	Excellent food. Excellent service. It's now our breakfast spot on our Father Daughter Annual Golf Trip.
4	Can I Say One of the Best Breakfast Spots in Greater Phoenix/Mesa Area! Worth the Wait or Come Back Later,  But Come Back!  The "EGGINGTON OMELETTE"  IS TO LIVE FOR, ANOTHER DAY! So You Could Order It Again! FOOL! Their Service is On Par and Impeccable. Everything is Fresh,  Except their Servers. Ooops, I Think I Made a Funny! ;-)
3	This is a very cute breakfast place in Mesa AZ in a strip mall.  Get there early on a weekend or you will be waiting. Nice menu but pricey.  I felt $3.50 for a very small orange juice was a bit much.  I should have paid $5 to get the mimosa.  The food was good. My blueberry pancake was enormous and came with this blueberry compote that was warm and so delicious.  They also brought a pitcher of syrup.My server was just average.  The place was kind of loud and tables are close together too. I was sitting at a table for two and it was just me.  My two plates about filled the table since they put my eggs/fruit on one plate and the pancake on another. I might go back but probably not this trip.
4	Great place. I would give it 5 stars if it were larger (and the lines smaller) and if the greeter/server's stringy black hair would have been tied up. It was dragging in the food as she bent over to put the plates on the table.  But I will be back!
3	I like Eggington's but I'm not in love. The bacon is fantastic and the primary reason I hit up Egginton's from time to time, it's close to work and I can order it to go. The reason I'm leaving a three star rating is my eggs are never anything more than okay. The last time I ordered they were even kind of watery. Perhaps it's because I've never sat down at Eggington's but I feel like their eggs leave a lot to be desired.
4	Great place with updated atmosphere.  Perfect for basic business breakfast meetings and unrushed table service.Food is solid and the Eggs Benedict were perfect as were the browns.  Nothing negative at all to say here.
5	This was my first visit here, and it won't be my last.  I've been wanting to eat here for years, so my wife and daughter took me as a surprise.  Very crowded, so I'm glad we called ahead.  I wanted to try something a little adventurous, so I ordered the Cottage Reef omelet.  The omelet was cooked perfectly, topped with a very tasty hollandaise sauce and had home fries on the side.  The artichoke  was a nice complement to the sweet crab, and I definitely recommend it to seafood lovers.  Our server Mallory was polite  and helpful.  Our food was brought to our table pretty fast considering how busy it was.
4	My husband and I came here for a breakfast date. This is one of our favorite places to go for breakfast, but it gets so packed on the weekends that we usually only come here when we can take a day off from work. We were immediately taken to a table and the service was great. We both ordered the eggs benedict and it was perfectly prepared. This is one of the best breakfast places in the area. We will definitely be back.
5	I have been there several times with girlfriends and always brag about it. Hubby and daughter were always super jealous. So... Today being the first day of Spring Break I decided they needed a special surprise!! I made reservations (not required but HIGHLY RECOMMEND because they are always packed).  We were seated right away and instantly you are comfortable in the country cozy decor.  I always get the same thing because when you have the best why switch? I am talking about the Farmer's Market Ben E Dict! Poached eggs with hollandaise check... But add spinach, tomato and Avocado... Yes please!! Absolutely delicious every time. My girlie girl got the same and was not disappointed with my recommendation. Hubby got the Cottage Reef omelet with crabmeat, artichoke hearts, cream cheese and hollandaise.... He cleaned his plate!  I have to admit that a small part of me wants to break out of my rut and go for the English toast with a French flair. Looks like we will be going back again and again!  Stay tuned for more :)
5	T. C. Eggington's is one of the best places in the valley to eat breakfast or lunch.  Service is always quick and the food is fresh and tasty.  You can't go wrong here!
5	Ate here for lunch. Had a made from scratch feel about the lunch menu, very unique. Servers are very nice.
5	Excellent!!! Had brunch on the patio with the ladies. Excellent food, service and cocktails!
5	I love this place. It was one of the first breakfast places I went to when I moved here. Their pancakes are huge and very good. I always get the chocolate milk...the whipped cream is amazing. I LOVE the omelette with crab and cream cheese..ooooh it's so yummy! The service is always good, we have never had any issues. It is always packed in the mornings and for good reason. I will keep coming back.
3	I came here for brunch a few days ago and everything on the menu looked so amazing. Or maybe it was the fact that I was starving. Lol. I ordered the Eggington omelette. I saw cream cheese in it and was like done. I have to get it. My friend ordered the crab stuffed pastry. I enjoyed my omelette. It was a very good size and it came with their rich hollandaise sauce that was sooooo delicious. It was very filling though. My friend didn't enjoy her meal much since she felt that it was a bit pricey for imitation crab. They have mimosas here for $5! It was ok but probably would've been better with fresh squeezed oj instead. The wait was ok. Around 20 minutes ish on a Sunday around noon. I'd come back for brunch if I was in the area. =)
2	T.C. Eggington I heard had a great reputation so I decided to attend with my hiking group.  We came real early so it was pretty quiet plus only a few regulars.  The place itself is very old fashion and homey.  We ordered our coffees and drinks then started with the food.  I went plain jane with scrambled eggs, bacon, and potatoes, while my buddy ordered some pancakes.  I didn't think it was anything special truthfully.  Eggbeater eggs, bacon was okay, and the potatoes where definitely not freshly cut.  The pancake was huge, but real dry because the thickness of it made it hard to swallow!  Overall, I think the place is cute, but need to revamp some of the menu items to attract a more vibrant crowd.  I worked at mom/pop places like these before and we've always attract the same people in and out.  They can't always keep coming and eventually you have to reinvent. - Enjoy!
5	Best french toast ever! This place is always busy and there is a reason, the food is great! I have been coming here for probably about 5 years now and can't believe I have never written a review! I love the atmosphere, fun, quirky and good service all the time even though it is always full. Some of the same people have been working here for as long as I can remember so they must be a good place to work as well because staff just doesn't stay like that. My daughter loves their omelets, my friend and her daughter loved the sandwiches. We never have a complaint and any time someone wants breakfast this is where I suggest.
5	The best pancakes ever and great great drinks and food
5	TC's was the most humbling dining experience I have had in Phoenix. I mean really, the strip-mall it calls home is both unassuming and weird. But, TC's was FANTASTIC! Everything was PERFECT! While my food was delicious- our service was the best I've had in years. Really- I don't know if it is because our waitress was so chill (and professional) or that all the wait staff was trained this well...? But they are doing something right! I hope that your dining experience is just as wonderful as mine was!
3	Honestly, I really wanted to love this place just bc the staff here were super friendly and accommodating to us upon arrival to the moment we walked out. It's a cute homey environment and the waiters/waitresses wear polo shirts + khakis which reminded me of what the saved by the bell folks wore during the episodes of when they worked at the summer beach house lol.Anyway, so to the food. I ordered the simple breakfast which consisted of eggs, breakfast potatoes, sausage links, and English muffins. The eggs were pretty much drenched in oil and everything else was just mehh. I must say though, the apple cinnamon jam they have sitting on the table was bomb! The French toast was dry and also nothing to brag about.Oh and I also got a peach billini which came w a peach gummy ring at the bottom of it. Def my first time seeing that and I'm not sure if I like the whole concept of it.I gave them an extra star for the great service, though.
3	This was the cutest little spot with friendly customer service. You can tell they really care about the customers and want to provide great service. As for the food it wasn't as spectacular as I thought it would be.I went for brunch with a friend. We ordered mimosas first and scoped out the menu. We decided to both get the Simple Breakfast, mine with bacon and hers with sausage. Plus 2 pieces of French toast to split, since all the reviews mentioned it. Everything seemed pretty normal, nothing great but the eggs seemed greasy or water downed. I would have to say the potatoes were the best part with some hot sauce and the apple cinnamon jam. As for the French toast it was a little on the dry side. Once you drenched it in butter and syrup it was ok. I gave it 3 stars because the place is cute with the friendliest workers. The food was good but nothing out of the ordinary compared to any other breakfast place.
5	One of the very best places to grab some tasty breakfast. Quick and very friendly staff. Tried almost complete menu, and haven't found anything I wouldn't try again.
5	WOW!! Food was fantastic. I had the Eggington Omelet with avocado. It was outstanding. My wife had the apple pancakes and loved them. The price was very reasonable. We will definitely make this a regular.
4	I love this restaurant! I've only been for breakfast, but it's been excellent every time. The only down side is the wait was close to 45 minutes...our food also took quite a while to come out. But the food was delicious! I would definitely go back!
5	What a Breakfast!!!  The only thing bad about this restaurant is that EVERYTHING is FANTASTIC!!!!  You'll have to back all the time just to try to figure out what you like the best!!Good luck, because you are going to LOVE everything.I go to a restaurant for the great food, T.C. Eggington's is Great!I go to a Resturant For the atmosphere, T.C. Eggington's Atmosphere is cute and fun!I go to a resturant for the Service, T.C. Eggington's Service is incredibly Fast and Friendly!You Cant beat this place!!!!JCG
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in the east valley. When we treat our family to a breakfast out, this is where we go. Plan ahead on the weekend and make a reservation or plan to wait for about an hour. Yes, it's that good and yes, it's worth it. We eat breakfast here every year for Mother's Day and it is totally packed. Despite being busy, the staff always has a smile while busting their rears to serve everyone. My favorite meal is the blueberry pancakes. Order a half-stack unless you are one of those people that can consume enough food for a contest. The muffins are also superb and the bacon is crisp and thick. I've never had an issue with the eggs that some have mentioned. Mine have always been great and not greasy or oily. Definitely order breakfast and not lunch. Although lunch is good, it's not as fabulous as the breakfast selections. Sit back, fill up and make sure the rest of your day has time for a nap.
5	Was beyond pleased with this great establishment. Hostess was super cheerful and seated us quickly. Restaurant very open, airy and bright. An Americana/rustic French feel to it.  Menu was ridiculously delicious to read with so many, but not overbearing, selections. We were a party of six and our waitress took great care of us with drinks, both standard and alcoholic (mimosas, bellinis and screwdrivers enjoyed by all). Coffee was terrific and pot refilled twice without asking.  Portions were well sized but not crazy with all ingredients blended together quite well. It was a very enjoyable meal and for certain will be a stop next time we are in town.
4	This place is great. The staff is so friendly and efficient despite it always being crazy busy. I love all of the choices for breakfast and can't get enough of the 5 dollar mimosas. I think this is my new Sunday spot.
4	Food was fantastic! Waitstaff was excellent. Good came quickly after ordering. Will be back on our next trip to Arizona!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this place. The surrounding area doesn't look like anything very special, but the inside of the restaurant was adorable. I went here with the boyfriend on a Thursday morning and I was surprised by how busy it was. We were seated right away, and here's my only complaint, at a table that seemed to be in a hallway. I don't like to be seated in a place that has a lot of foot traffic. There were a couple tables lined up in this 'hallway' but we were the only ones seated there. Next time I'll ask to sit on the beautiful patio or in the main dining room.I had the French toast with a side of scrambled eggs. The order comes with three huge slices of toast, but you can substitute one of the pieces for a side. The price was around 8 dollars I believe, so it was really good. My boyfriend had an omelet and he really enjoyed it. Once again, the portion sizes were huge. You definitely get your money's worth here.Our server was a nice girl who was very sweet. She was the one who told me I could substitute a piece of toast for a side. They were very busy but she was attentive and showed up when I needed something. We did wait quite a while for our meals, but it was pretty packed so I imagine the kitchen was pretty busy. Over all this place was great. My only complaint being the seating. I will definitely be going here again.
5	Came here looking for a new place to try for a brunch date and were not disappointed.We were seated promptly, our waiter was very friendly and quick to get our drinks.We had fun with the menu which was easy to read and offered some nice breakfast choices.Our waiter was attentive but did not hover. My boyfriend ordered the Eggington Omelette that came with potatoes and an English muffin and I ordered the artichoke and crab meat omelette I substituted my potatoes for fruit. We both enjoyed our meals, the hollandaise sauce was delicious!After we got our check my boyfriend and I chatted for a little bit before we left. It was fantastic that or wonderful waiter did my try to rush us out like most restaurants do. Perhaps we'll come back again next time we want to do a nice breakfast date again.Good atmosphere. Good service.Great lighting.
5	Yum-O! I had the Eggs Ben E Dict, they were excellent! My wife had the Spicy Spain omelette, which was also very good. The side potatoes are delicious. Good coffee, good food, good service and very nice and clean dining room. This will be a regular weekend (too far away from us for the weekday, but worth the drive on a Sunday morning) breakfast stop for us!
4	The O'Pear Grenache Omelette is awesome! Love the combination of pear, Havarti and bacon. Always get great food and service here!
5	Friendly service and interesting breakfast creations--can't ask for much more than that! I enjoyed some of the little touches such as putting a carafe of coffee and a pitcher of ice water on the table. It's nice to be able to refill your drink whenever the mood strikes you instead of waiting for a server. Although it was a weekday, the restaurant was pretty crowded (including a large group that seemed to be doing some kind of event in their own room) and the servers looked harried. However, we didn't have to wait too long for the food or for the check when the time came.
3	This place was OK. I couldn't really decide between three stars and four stars because what kept them from four stars are, admittedly, snobby reasons on my part. But nonetheless, those were the things that came flooding back to me when I sat down to write this review so I'll break it down:Food- I'll give credit where credit is due, the food was pretty good. I ordered the huevos con chorizo which was tasty minus the fact that the salsa they used I'm pretty sure was good ole' Pace (which I hate) but that's my only gripe about the food. I have to say, their mimosa's had the perfect ratio of champagne to orange juice. My friend ordered the egg's benedict and holy crap that sauce was amazing! I'd recommend that over what I ordered. Service- The wait staff was really attentive and friendly but not annoying which I appreciated. The only thing that bothered me (and yes- I am fully aware at how petty this is) the poor girls that worked there had a uniform of the most hideous shorts I've seen in awhile! Like seriously that's what sticks out most in my mind from eating here! Haha I'm sure that's not what the owners had in mind. We're talking like Laura Dern in Jurassic Park shorts- pleated, khaki, Bermuda's. YUCK! Atmosphere- Along the same lines of those treacherous shorts, the place just looks like it hasn't been updated since the 1990s. Again, I don't like the idea of being "that gal" who gives a restaurant 3 stars because of the decor/visual experience but at the same time, if they stepped it up just a little bit, they'd be (dare I say it) super Yelpy. Don't get me wrong, they don't have to be trendy like RNR they can still stay cutesy just a bit more modern...honestly, if they just got rid of those horrible shorts, they'd be halfway there. I guess my empathy for the poor ladies that have to sport those ugly things gets in the way of giving this place the rating it probably deserves.
4	Birthday breakfast great place, the piglet's passion omelet is the best that it can get..filled with everyone's first love... meat, and the potatoes are perfectly cooked. You got to get there.
5	This is my go to breakfast spot. Besides living around the corner, their food and their service is always amazing. You'll usually see people waiting outside on the weekends and cop cars in the parking lot which are both good signs of a legit spot.It's a step above all of the normal, plain, franchised breakfast spots. I like supporting local, family owned businesses, especially with the do it so well.
5	TC Eggington's is, in my opinion, the best place for brunch in the east valley.  The farmhouse decor was recently updated and looks refreshed and cute.  The food is the star, with delicious omelets, pastries, griddle cakes, smoothies, fruit cups and coffee.   Sandwiches and salads for lunch are freshly made and very good.  The service is attentive and polite.  Our family has been going to TC's since it first opened many years ago and it remains one of our favorite places to eat, having stood the test of time.
5	This is our favorite breakfast spot. Everything we've had has been stellar. The crab omelet is great. The apple pecan pancakes are delicious. The coffee flows freely, and despite the Sunday barrage of bible thumpers, they'll get you in and out in a very reasonable amount of time. It's never been more than 10 minutes to get a table.
2	I ordered the eggs Benedict and it was bland. The French toast was huge, light and airy but the syrup tasted like it was out of a Kroger brand bottle. Also the oj was not fresh, probably out of a frozen concentrate. The service was good and prices ok.
4	Eggingtons is a place with good breakfast food and a weird dress code for the staff. All the Devore feels old world England and the waitresses are all wearing what seems to be safari kaki shorts with polos. Back to the food, wonderful omelets. I recommend the havarti and pear omelet. Great combination.
3	It's been about ten years since I visited and this visit was a bit of a disappointment. Your servers are truly friendly - all young smiling hostesses with great personalities. Loved that for sure. But our orders came and there were some missing items, potatoes exchanged for fruit (wanted fruit) and dry pancakes. I thought the food was a bit lacking but you cannot beat the service. Would I come back?? Maybe.
5	My boys and I arrived around 10ish and we would've had to wait but "Roy party of 3" was called twice and I became "Roy".  Although the wait would've been worth it.All of the staff from the seating hostess, waitress, bussers...all seemed like they liked working there and were all very pleasant.We ordered a chicken and an egg just to see what would come first.The drinks came quickly & just a personal preference but add some flavored creams for coffee.  My boys both had fresh squeezed OJ.And then came the food! One of my boys ordered the bananas fosters french toast and it was sugary outstanding!! My youngest ordered the regular french toast and it was more than he could eat, which is saying something.  Since they are both in major growth spurts, they also ordered eggs and bacon....my oldest put it all down!! Unbelievable.  I ordered the Eggs Benedict which was great but could've eaten more than the spoonful of side potatoes.Walking out I could've used a wheel barrel to cart my ass out, but we all commented on how it was one of the best breakfasts we'd had in a very long time.Overall...eggsellent & we will definitely return.UPDATETook my now 12 year old baby for breakfast. That seating hostess is awesome! She deserves a raise.OK seriously, the service overall was excellent again but the reason for this update is because the omelet I ordered has to be the best that ive ever shoved in my face! It's called the Eggington and even I can figure out that its their signature omelet. I would describe it but I cant do it justice and Im too far away to go get one. The hollandaise is exactly how I make it & I licked the plate clean. Zane chowed dowm several bites of it while trying to get through the huge stacks of french toast. That quick growing boy couldn't do it & the leftovers were devoured. Thankfully we were smart enough to not plant ourselves on the couch afterwards or the day would've been a total waste.This place is by far our favorite breakfast place, even if my daughter didnt work there.
4	My wife and I stopped by here for breakfast before we headed to the airport. It was a Sunday morning so it was busy. Upon arriving, we saw people sitting outside waiting for to be seated. I was expecting to wait but when I told the greeter there was only 2 of us, we were seated right away.The restaurant has a nice ambiance, not too loud but they definitely try to sit as much people as possible in the restaurant. It's sort of cramped if you are sitting on the small tables that sit 2 people. Despite how busy they were, our waitress was attentive and the food came out rather quickly. My wife ordered the chorizo and I had the eggs benedict along with the cinnamon toast with glaze. Their food is delicious and the cinnamon toast had huge thick slices. If I knew it would have been that big, I probably would have just ordered that alone and added an egg or something. Either way, we did a good job eating most of it.If you're in town and want a good breakfast, you can't lose with this spot.
4	The food was delicious, the service was phenomenal. We got the Tuscan omelette, blueberry pancakes, and apple jack griddles. The blueberry pancakes needed to be dipped in syrup, but the omelette and griddles were great! Our waiter, Skylar was amazing! He was cheerful, helpful, and very accommodating. The atmosphere was rustic and comfortable. I will definitely be going back.
1	Was hoping for crab benedict this morning. Was beyond disappointment. Luckily found out by asking that they use fake crabmeat like the kind in a Subway sandwich. Granted Im from Maryland and acknowledge that real crabmeat is hard to come by out here. That said I found it offensive and wrong that this place has the gall to trick people by not accurately depicting what their food is.  Call it Krab on the menu if thats what you use.. Servers and staff very friendly and accomodating. Service was slow. Got the veggie benedict. Was ok but nothing special. Potatos ok. Latte was gross. This place was way overpriced for the quality of food. I wont be back. Daily Dose in Scottsdale is where to go for crab benedict
1	Highly disappointed with the service. Luckily found out that they serve brown water for coffee as they serve it out front while you wait so didn't order it inside. I've had better coffee at gas stations, sadly.  My daughters poached egg came out nearly raw & when I kindly asked the waiter to have the kitchen cook it through, he acted like "of course, no problem" but then 10 mins later brought us an equally-- if not more-- raw egg. As a former server, I would have been embarrassed to serve it-- I mean the yolk was completely yellow, it wasn't a subtle thing. .  When my husband pointed out-- again, that the egg looked just as raw, & asked for a fully cooked egg,  the waiter stated arrogantly, "Well, *That's* a poached egg".  We don't work at a breakfast place, but my husband & I have both worked in nice restaurants. If there is a standard as to how poached eggs are cooked, that should have been explained either at the time of ordering, or at least after it was sent back the first time. We gladly would have changed the order to an over hard egg if the chef was too arrogant to fully cook a poached egg.  After the egg went back the 2nd time, it took at least 15 minutes for it to come back. Everyone else in our party of 8 was done eating and I asked the waiter to just box it up, at this point it was clear I was upset.  Some restaurants send a manager over at the first sign of trouble. Most would certainly do it after the 2nd time an order gets returned to the kitchen.  Even after I was clearly upset (& yes, he knew, cause he tried not to hand the check to me & I could see his dismay when I took it) no manager came to rectify the situation and we had to pay for a meal that was never eaten   (we took it home out of principal, but I doubt at this point it will get eaten..)   I really should have asked to see a manager, but I didn't want to make our guests more uncomfortable, which is why most restaurants take the burden off the customer & automatically have mgr's come to talk to a table when there has been a problem. It is rare that I take grievances out on a servers tip, being a former server myself, but he was so clearly apathetic to the situation that I left him slightly less than 15% when I am normally a 20-25% tipper. You would think that after spending nearly $100 on breakfast (we were ordering mimosas and bloody Mary's etc...) the server would have cared a little more about his service. I guess TC Eggingtons rely's on their long standing rep but with service this bad, that balloon will eventually pop.
5	Took my family here while in town for a couple days. They have a variety of different breakfast plates. Eat outside of the box and try something new.
3	I have not been here for over 10 years.  I arrived early knowing this place gets packed.  I am on a trek to find the best Eggs Benedicts in Phoenix so I thought I would order these since a friend posted a pic on FB.  The plate was very attractive and when I tasted the 1st egg benedict, I was almost going to say "never again".  The egg, candaian bacon and english muffin were wonderful but the Hollandaise Sauce was bland (watery).  BUT the 2nd egg benedict had that hollandaise sauce flavor that I so love.  Therefore, I'll be back for more eggs benedict.  I am not sure why 1 was watery and the other was spot on flavorful - but please be sure to tell the cooks that they got it 1/2 right.Everything else about the place was wonderful - even the crowd coming in were very friendly and spoke to us.  Much appreciated.
4	I had the Union Jack omelette, I was worried at first that it might be smothered with cheese but It actually came out quite nice.The only down side to this place was the seating. We got placed in this corner sweet next to a plant that blocked a lot of the view we had.
2	Crab omelet? More like imitation crab meat which is really just a mix of various extra fish parts, processed and flavored like crab. When will restaurants be honest about what they serve? Its just sad.
4	Been here twice--maybe three times? Each was for a nice-ish breakfast and each was solid enough. As the name suggests, they've got plenty of egg dishes on tap for you, with a host of omelets ready to go. I will say that I've yet to be floored by an omelet--I've tried a couple and they all sounded much better on paper, but then when they arrived I wasn't eggspecially wowed. I have no complaints, however, about that actual food and its actual taste. I will give a special shoutout to the house jam that's on the table. It's a little bit spiced (not spicy) and complex. Bright, but still a little moody. If you get pancakes, you might forgo the syrup and just slather on the jam. For toast, it's a must.This is really the perfect place for brunch. They're always hoppin' and the service has always been smooth and polished.
3	Good eggs and house fries.
4	Yummmmmm I love breakfast and I loved my eggs Benedict. Only downside was my minuscule side dish of home fries and fruit was about 5 pieces hidden under my plate dressing of leafy veggies for decor. We called in for reservations (or to be on the wait list) and got there and was seated right away. They could do themselves a solid by expanding their space too.
5	This place is the best place in the valley for breakfast and lunch bar none. The oh pear omelette is our favorite. The only thing I don't like is they use fake crab in crab meals. Other than hat this place is perfect.
4	Solid brunch spot. First Benedict that came out was overdone but he manager promptly ordered me a new one and let me pick at the first plate in the meantime. Potatoes were good second Benedict round was money. Mimosa was pricey though not sure why. More than half the cost of a plate. Great service also!
5	I've been going here most of my life and it will forever be my favorite place for breakfast. Every menu item is delicious and the staff is consistently pleasant, quick, and correct! The owners are kind and remember their regulars. There's a reason this restaurant has been around for so long...don't skip out on this gem! It's an east valley essential! My favorites: passion fruit tea, the greek fetash (reduced portion...2 eggs instead of 3?), their homemade jam on the English muffins or a honey bran muffin in place of the English muffin!
5	A great place for breakfast, I usually eat all my food but portion was too big. Great food selections next time I'll try their pancakes.
5	I have been coming here for MANY years... Hands down the best food and service CONSISTENTLY... The owner is there all the time and most often everything thing runs like a well oiled machine.. I relocated to San Diego(even though we spend a lot of time in AZ) and have yet to find a TC Eggingtons replacement. Keep up the GREAT WORK...
2	Worst experience ever here.  Not normal but they didn't seem to care either.  It took over 40 minutes to get food once ordered.  I asked her if it would be out soon and she got annoyed and said there were 2 large parties in the other room.  I get the kitchen getting backed up but that is no excuse for attitude and poor service.  We had to ask 3 times for refills and remind her several times for creamer.  Too far to drive for such a disappointing experience.  Funny thing about customer service... its the only real differentiator and if you get annoyed with your customers and do nothing about it....the problem will go away.  :/
5	Great service! Great food! Restaurant set up is smooth and flowing well even when packed!
3	The food is wonderful!  The servers are sweet and attentive. The management is rude. Called for reservations and treated like garbage. When arriving no greeting or welcome to regular customer. Just pointed to table. He told hostess we did not need menus. We miss the sweet blonde manager, as well as DANIEL and Sam.
3	The restaurant no longer welcomes people.  Good food still and wait staff are great but whoever the new manager is is just plain surly, if I was a first timer I wouldn't return to this place because of his attitude.  This morning we walked in and he didn't even speak just stared waiting for us to speak.  Then pointed to the hostess that we were here.
2	I went here to meet some friends from out of state.I ordered the Red Hot Mama plate which consist of eggs, jalapenos, chorizo and something else( I don't remember).I got it because I was in the mood for spicy. This one was NOT spicy. It had flavor but no "kick". Disappointed.Friends from out of state didn't seem thrilled about it either.  Also, the coffee was weak. Really weak!This is the second time going here and left feeling unsatisfied.At least we got to catch up with friends.
4	After a night of too much fun, we hit up T.C. Eggington's for a hearty breakfast before two of us had to hit the road for places unknown. Just down the road from the cuz, it was a natural choice for breakfast. Much nicer than any old Denny's or IHOP and the food is quality. The omelettes are 3-egg monsters so you'd best be hungry. My menu selection was the Morning Glory omelette which was delicious (and huge) and consisted of egg whites, cilantro, roma tomatoes, red onion (I ordered mine sans red onion) and then topped with avocado slices. I loved this tender omelette but it was way too big for me. It was served with potatoes and an English muffin. Potatoes were tender and delicious but my English muffin was pretty sad and floppy (way under toasted). My group had breakfast cocktails as well - a couple of mimosas, a regular Bloody Mary and a spicy Bloody Mary. I am a bit of a Bloody Mary snob and this is where T.C. Eggington's failed for me. My spicy drink was bland and not exciting at all. Our waiter mentioned that they use Major Peters Bloody Mary mix. I had to doctor mine up with some salt and pepper as well as Tabasco and it still wasn't acceptable. Service is attentive and pleasant. I'd definitely go back however I'd leave the Bloody Mary alone..
5	When we eat out for breakfast with my parents on the East side of the Valley, it is always at TC Eggington's.Though we only make the drive across town a couple of times a year we are always greeted by name (we used to live on this side of town and came more often). My wife swears by the crab cakes and I highly recommend the Crack o' Dawn. Also the apple jam on english muffin is not to be missed.If I could eat here for breakfast every week I would.
5	I'm from California and I HAVE to come to Eggington's when I'm in AZ. Their eggs Benedict is the very best I've ever had. The staff is always friendly and look adorable in their loafers and socks:)
4	This place is delicious! It's always crowded, but well worth the wait! Everything on their menu that we have sampled so far is just so good. The crab stuffed pastries, the Apple jack pancakes, the huevos con chorizo, hell even the jam that they have on the side. The service is always on point as well. From the moment you step in your greeted and helped, from there the waiting staff is always attentive.
