5	I am a member of another gym in town but I decided to stop into City Athletic Club since it is on my way home from work.  I took advantage of the trial membership and started with the Zumba Class.  Wow it was awesome!  The instructor Enrique was really enthusiastic.  I really like that their class schedule works with my work schedule.  I find that most of the time the classes are geared for people who don't work during the day.  So I liked that they had evening classes that I could actually attend.   I am curious to see how the personal training session will go tomorrow.  So far so good.
5	Clean, well-stocked, spacious, helpful staff, lots of parking -everything good, nothing bad! :)  I just took one of their stretching classes taught by a Vegas showgirl. She's great!Also check out Radio Shopping Show, they have 1-month memberships for City Athletic for $29. Its a good way to try it out for a few weeks.
5	This is the gym I've been looking for!I recently moved back to Vegas and needed a gym. I was kind of over the LVAC hustle. Sign a contract, blah blah blah...become a member of an overcrowded gym, blah blah blah.I hopped on Yelp, searched for Gyms and BAM! City Athletic Club popped up.When I got to the club, I was greeted by Club Director, Elvis. He gave me a tour of the facility, and gave me a couple days to try out the club. No pitch or sales pressure (even though I know how to handle it). By the next day, I was ready to sign up. Memberships are affordable, and they have different levels. I LOVE the towel service. Also love that I don't need to carry a membership card on my keys.The gym is brand new. Clearly it was a 24 Hour before, but it has MAJOR upgrades. The equipment is new, the club is clean and sanitized hourly, and almost every piece of cardio has it's on TV (in HD of course with basic cable). My favorite parts of the gym:--No contract. Month-to-Month.--Full Basketball Court with extensions to 6 hoops.--Olympic Size Swimming Pool (even though I dont know how to swim)--A Yoga/dance studio for the ladies--Spin classes in their own room--Fantastic selection of weights (bars, dumbbells, machines, etc)--Separate stretching areas--Cardio (stairs, treadmills, etc) with their own HDTVs--CLEAN showers and bathrooms--Toiletries provided--Membership is capped, so once they reach a certain number, you don't have to worry about pretentious psycho people ruining YOUR gym.The gym is not full of meatheads, or grenades. All normal people. If you are looking for a gym, this is the spot. Everyone is nice here.
5	I've been a member to this gym since the beginning!It's a great place to train and not worry about crowds of people standing around doing nothing, taking up every piece of equipment.  If you are serious about getting in shape or training hardcore, this is the gym for you!Be sure to ask for my good friend Erin, she's an awesome trainer, very knowledge about fitness and nutrition, always willing to go the extra mile for her clients. She's also a fitness competitor as well, so she practices everything she teaches, she'll get you in shape, that's a fact!
5	If I could give this facility ten stars, I would.  Simply phenomenal.  I was awed the first day I walked in and it's only gotten better.  Brought a couple of my friends in to train with me and their reaction was the same as mine, "wow".  Great people.  Open floor plan.  Uncrowded.  Welcoming atmosphere.  Varied classes.  I could go on and on.  I've tried a lot of programs since coming to Vegas - this is one of my favorites!!
4	I'm a fan of this gym- i normally come on sunday to watch a friend from college play rec basketball. I really wish that they would allow women to play ball with the guys.
5	Nice gym, clean, peaceful...
2	I signed up because I like the location and facility but the customer service is not there. They try to upsale personal training and everything is an extra charge. The instructors don't even show up on time if at all. This place is still in the works.
5	City Athletic Club is fantastic! If you're tired of packed, dirty gym, you need to check this gym out. Not only is it The cleanest gym I've trained at in my 23 years of traning, it's one of the nicest layouts. Big variety of equipment, seriously great, trainers, wide variety of classes, everything you could need and more! The owner and staff are so courteous and such a freindly, welcoming atmosphere. Never have trouble getting the machines I want as well. Come check it out! Highly recommend City Athletic Club/Vegas!
5	I just joined this gym 3 days ago and I love it.  As an ex basketball player, I was initially disappointed they switched out the court for boxing, MMA, and Crossfit.  I'm definitely not disappointed any longer.There are plenty of places to play basketball.  But to get boxing, MMA, and Crossfit all in one convenient location is fantastic.  Also, they make you feel very welcome and excited about starting up.  I've never boxed, done MMA (a little Muay Thai), or Crossfit but am excited to get to work on them.Nice people too, especially the staff.
4	It's really a nice gym, overall. There is a ton (ha!) of equipment and the classes (MMA, Crossfit, etc.) are much more varied than a standard gym. The quality of the classes seems to be high, as well (only done crossfit). Only thing that the gym is missing in my mind is those little tweaks that make it the high-end, exclusive gym that it seems to be going for (and charging for!). Specifically, why no towel service? No amenities in the bathroom (hair products, deodorant, etc.)? It's always "clean", but frequently not that super-clean that high-end gyms are. I really like the gym, but these little touches would really make it into that fantastic gym that I would never leave.
4	This is a very nice gym with a focus on getting a good workout.   I say this because often times at LVAC or Lifetime, you'll see women decked out in layers of make up (LVAC) or a stampede of children running you down at Lifetime.They have several levels of membership but I believe if you're coming to City, you should definitely take advantage of their Boxing/MMA/Crossfit classes.  If you sign up for the Crossfit membership you're able to attend all Boxing and MMA classes.The classes are great because they're not the size of LVAC but you get alot of one on one attention and the trainers are awesome.  Best of all, they have unlimited guest pass!  This place isn't as nice as Lifetime but it's definitely more geared towards legitimate workouts which is what I need.  I spent the last couple months going on Lifetime's slip n' slide and ordering organic smoothies while peeping MILTF's, it's time to get a proper workout at City Athletic!
3	Being new to town I have walked most of the fitness facilities in town. I found this facility to be very nice but the real gem was the polite receptionist and hands down the awesome Whitney Obst! Whitney took me on a tour of the facility and I have to say she is one the nicest, positive people I have met since I have come to Vegas...that's saying a lot because in a month of getting around this town I can't think of one person that I have met that wasn't nice. Whitney's low pressure, knowledgeable approach to presenting the facility was refreshing. Also I forgot to mention she had all this positivity and energy even though she was extremely pregnant. I want to say thank you Wendy and I will seriously consider City as my choice for a place to workout at because of Wendy's personality.
5	I have to upgrade my recent review of CAC after having been a member for the past several months.  CAC trumps LVAC, 24 Hour Fitness and any of those zoo's.  When you come to City Athletic, you're going to get a quality workout and you won't have to bob and weave your way through the herd of people. What separates this gym from all other gyms is the world class training.  There are close to 100 trainers at this facility and they specialize in everything from weight training, nutrition, MMA, boxing, jiu jitsu, crossfit, and much more.I get the most bang for my buck at the Strike Fit classes or their Cardio Kickboxing classes.  The classes are the perfect size where each person is getting personal instruction.  This gym is definitely worth it.  I'd much rather get instruction from professional MMA, boxers, and kung fu experts while hitting heavy bags than punching air at the LVAC.If you typically go to the gym with a friend or significant other, they have guess passes so the cost of membership is extremely affordable.  Do yourself a favor and check this gym out.  Talk with Jea or the front desk about membership deals.  Yah, you can go pay $15 a month at LVAC but the quality, training and overall experience you'll receive at CAC is exponentially better.** A very nice honest person found my wedding ring in a locker room and turned it into the owner who kept it in his safe until I came back HOURS later.  I'm pretty sure at any other gym, my wedding ring would be gone.  I am very thankful for the person who found my ring, Jea, and the CAC management team.  Thank you. **
5	The Gym. Typically when you ask someone in Las Vegas what pops up in their noggin when you say "the gym" it will most likely be nightmares of playing Frogger at LVAC, contracts, and funk!My past quirks about gyms were that they were:1. overcrowded (i.e LVAC)2. douche like environment (Do you even lift BROOO?)3. kids everywhere (i.e. Lifetime)4. snobby (DB)5. people not even working out (i.e. the people that check in on Facebook and hog the whatever all day checking out instagram)6. dirtiness (24HR)7. contracts (you pay month to month)At CAC I have ZERO problems. It is NEVER crowded and rarely do I ever have to wait for anything. For the most part people here are serious, ain't nobody got time to be seeing how many likes they got on their Instagram picture! I may be one of the youngest members too (and I'm 23). Super clean facility too, I don't even know how it stays so clean, I only see the cleaning staff at night, maybe people here care about hygiene! I remember when this was 24HR before, the pool was gross and the jacuzzi was worse, the brown foam floating around still gives me nightmares. The pool now is a super clear and pretty much no one to bother me while I (attempt to) do laps. Like the other reviewers have mentioned there is also MMA classes, pilates, zumba, CrossFit (6pm yeeyuuh), Sports Massage, and Chiropractic care (Heidi is awesome). There are a lot of nice smaller details about CAC that makes it outstanding, but instead of me typing it out, you should just take a tour. I saw something about it being the only 5 star gym in Nevada, I don't know what that is based on, but I believe it! Anyways thanks CAC for being awesome
1	I came into this place one evening with the intention to check out the atmosphere and pricing. As I walked in , the front desk guy is chatting with one of the girl members there. I waited patiently as I was looking around hoping another trainer or worker might acknowledge me. After 10 minutes of standing there like an idiot looking at brochures and signs, I came up and tried to get the guy's attention. The front desk guy just finish talking to the female member and finally asked me what I needed. I got my pricing , no promotion or other options was offered by the guy so I left disappointing.Overall- atmosphere looks like a hookah lounge , very dimly lit. Service from the front desk was horrible, they act like they didn't want your business.
1	Joined this "athletic" club on a trial basis.. VERY disappointed.... they try  to have a night club feel.. but why.. this is a gym.. low lighting and everyone seems to be just sitting on the equipment chatting/checking everyone out... (I was doing a timed nike 15 in ab work out.. a guy was sitting on a nearby ab machine the entire time texting... wow) not working out... additionally... NOBODY WIPES DOWN THE MACHINES!!!! The entire time I have been there, I have yet to see anyone (myself excluded :) wipe down the machines or mats before/after using them (this includes the "trainers"/staff/members... GROSS.. but I guess if nobody is sweating, they figure all is good... seems more like a cheap social club than a place to get in shape....the locker rooms are not clean... hand dryers are broke, dirty sinks...If you are thirsty or hungry.. you can go to the 2 vending machines that have potatoes chips??? really?? and unhealthy "energy (aka caffeine/sugar) drinks.. Def not worth the effort to drive or the $$
4	I'm pretty excited about this gym about where its going.  I'm crossing my fingers they get better punching bags and put in a boxing ring.  Maybe some mirrors in there to watch ourselves shadow box =) BUT, with that said, this place has a lot to offer.  You have a wide selection of personal trainers here, you have different classes like Boxing/Kickboxing, Crossfit, Pilates, etc to pick from (Various Membership prices), chiropractor, lap size pool, jacuzzi, steam & sauna, & a kids play area.  Yes they got showers stocked with Shampoo/Cond/Soap.   Yah, that does make a difference for me, because the less I have to pack in my bag.  They also have VIP lockers, haven't been in it, but there is that option too.  It is not crowded and it is pretty dim in the gym, but I really don't mind it at all.  People got fitness on their mind here, not socializing.I came here because I followed 2 instructors with their new journey (BIG UPS!).   A whole lot out of the way for me, but very much worth it.   The gym we came from was pretty awesome, up until new management, but who cares these 2 instructors I followed are here! BTW, If you want to know who it is, message me! They teach some of the boxing/kickboxing classes and are often seen in the gym doing Personal Training too.  Yes, I will 100% give them rave reviews about doing PT. with them, very worth your sweat  Working out with them will really change your attitude about fitness!   Def want to try out Crossfit someday too.  I do recommend just taking a tour, I think you would be impressed.
5	The Crossfit is on point. I've been training with Kanoa for several weeks now. I'm feeling like a champ now. If they started charging me double I'd gladly pay, it's dirt cheap to begin with but the facility is beautiful and inspires you to work harder and smarter. Thanks CAC, thanks Crossfit, thanks Kanoa.
5	Me: Serial gym hopper, recovering gym rat. Seeking: The perfect gym. Verdict....wow. Lots of equipment, some I've never seen before. Friendly staff. CrossFit. Heavy bags. Sauna AND steam room, love it. A little more expensive than the discount gym factories but absolutely worth it.
5	I work out 5 days a week. here.   At other gyms you have to wait to use equipment at City Athletic Club you don't ,   Its clean and the people are friendly.  All trainers will help you if asked. If you want  a good work out or need to find a trainer to get the job done, you can find it here.
5	This gym. So much to love about it. Haven't found anything to hate about it, except that it's a bit of a drive from Henderson.I've been a member of a number gyms across the country and this is by far the best gym I have gone to.First impressions: clean, organized, thought was put into the overall appearance of the gym, doesn't smell like b.o., not crowded at all, front desk staff a bit aloof though.After taking classes here almost daily for a little more than two weeks (has it really only been two weeks?!), I've really fallen for this place. The trainers are all so friendly, helpful, understanding, and most importantly, motivating! The regulars who show up for the classes are all also very welcoming and helpful as well.I've been doing the Cardio Kickboxing and Crossfit classes and I love them both! I even went as far as to taking the 6pm Cardio Kickboxing and then jumped straight into the 7pm Crossfit. I couldn't stop smiling after finishing both classes because I was so proud of myself.
3	Been a member for a few months now, been bitter sweet. Their classes and programs are world class, no complaints. Gym and workout facilities are top notch too. What is a big let down in a facility this caliber is recreational area and cleanliness. The sauna and steam room are always dirty and smelly, sauna room is falling apart, can't get myself to step into the jacuzzi for this reason, it almost feels like a different facility back there, just kills your post workout relaxation experience. Mensroom shower area and supplies are sketchy too. Guess this level could be the normal somewhere else but CAC is meant to be a 5 star gym experience, and parts of it are certainly not! And they don't honor the yelp offer if you ask them for it small thing but big customer service deductions. Hope they see this and fix it!!
4	I'm not a club member... However, I was given a tour and the staff was very friendly, not pushy, and the facilities were very nice and not overcrowded. I decided to build my own home gym otherwise I'd definitely be signing up with CAC.
4	i hate the fact it is not 24 hour, other than that, great gym!
3	I joined this club since it's close to my house and I'm a lazy exerciser. I would rate this club as fair. It's not overcrowded at all so waiting for machines is not the issue. Also their are a lot of trainers roaming around that seem friendly, however it just doesn't feel clean. There are no sanitizing of machines or spray bottles to wipe them down. The have hand sanitizer around but after running on a tread, or climbing on the stairs I would like to wipe down the machine properly. Half of the treadmills either squeak loudly and the other half the tv's don't work. There is a lot of dust on the from bases of the machines. I asked if they had spray cleaner and the front desk just said wipe it with your towel. Next time I'm bringing my own wipes to use before and after I tread.
2	Had high hopes for this place, but it didn't live up to my expectations.  I spent 4 months as a member, but cancelled my membership 1 Dec 13.  On the positive side it was never very crowded during the 4 months I was a member, but I think there are a few reasons why.  The gym itself is decorated and lit as if it was a nightclub.  While this might sound kind swanky, it just tends to be dark and a bit seedy looking.  One of my biggest complaints is the quality of the equipment.  There are approx. 10 treadmills, 6-7 of which have televisions.  Of those treadmills with TVs, only 1-2 actually work well.  The rest have broken earphone jacks or constant static in the picture.  A lot of equipment seems like it was bought at a garage sale (for cheap) and just tossed in the gym.  There is a pool and steam room/sauna as well, but the whole pool area is just plain dirty!  Has potential to be a decent gym, but needs someone to go through with a bucket of bleach water and sponge and clean the place up.  Not worth the money for such a mediocre dirty gym.
4	I love the decor of this gym. They have a lot to offer for how small the facility is. Occasionally the pools are closed for private events, and the crossfit and additional classes can be confusing because they want you to get stamped in.I love the Jacob's Ladder machine they have in here. I've never seen anything like it ^^
5	I love this gym! The staff, the decor, the owner himself, and the trainers are all wonderful! This gym is filled with Vegas' top fitness professionals and it shows! If you're looking for a trainer I've met multiple trainers that have a strong passion for what they do; Sean Huddleston, Sean Freitas, Ryan Molina, just to name a few.The gym is never overcrowded and most people there have a goal/purpose that they are dedicated to reaching.
4	I train here with Mandy White (she's amazing) the gym is always clean and staff is friendly.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better," fully captures how I felt about CAC. I found them here on Yelp, visited their website, and sent an email requesting membership info. I'm new to town and used to a certain quality of gym and have some requirements: Precor ellipticals, zumba and body pump classes that actually fit my schedule, and a convenient location. I don't even mind a hefty price tag because fitness is a priority for me.But I was distinctly underwhelmed by this gym.Sure, you walk in and it seems ultra swanky and exclusive- even the guy at the front desk is wearing a jacket, for crying out loud.But as I took myself on a tour of the facilities, I couldn't help but notice a few things that turned me off: the women's locker room has a ton of lockers, several bathroom stalls, and a bunch of showers.. but a tiny area to change in, with only one bench. It appears there's a push for members to pay the extra $50 for access to the private locker room. Okay, duly noted.The downstairs cardio area has the machines I like, but I was a little bummed that the models present did not have the individual screens. Rather, there were two screens for the entire cardio area, and set at a bit of a distance away. No big, I can bring in my iPad and watch Netflix while I churn out my miles right? Nope, no wifi. For $50/month, you'd think that would be a given.Upstairs wasn't much better- tons of equipment, and only a few people present, most of whom were working one on one with trainers or just sitting around. In fact, that's what bugged me most: maybe I was just there during an off-peak time, but everyone present seemed more focused on being in such a swanky environment. I don't think I saw anyone there genuinely working up a sweat.Ultimately I didn't feel very comfortable here but still wanted to give the place a try. Met up again with Juan, my tour guide who stayed at the front desk, and received what passed for the "sales pitch"- a laminated card of their pricing, and a vague, "So, wanna sign up?"I had mixed feelings about that- I really didn't feel sold to or pressured, which was a plus. But I also didn't feel like any attempt at all was made to MAKE me want to join this gym. I genuinely wanted to give them a try, but the fact that I wasn't even able to get a pass for a day or two to try it out and see if I liked it was discouraging.To end on a positive note though, for the month of January their promotion is that the initiation fee is half off: to join it's usually $120 + your monthly fee based on your membership ($50 on up to like $150 to get access to kickboxing/CrossFit); but in January it's just $60.
5	Best gym in Vegas! The large selection of machines and free weights makes it so you aren't waiting for someone else to finish their workout. It is clean here too! You aren't locked into a contract like other gyms in Vegas. The ladies locker room is clean and you can always finish off your workout with a hop in the steam room or sauna. I love it here. :] Not to mention there are classes like Pilates, cross fit, etc to choose from :]
2	Good luck trying to cancel your membership.  Life changes and my ability to go to the gym varies.  After months of paying on an unused membership I decided to cancel my overpriced Crossfit membership.  Was told I have to give 30 days and was charged for another month.  This happened to me before when my work started to pay for my membership and I tried to "cancel" mine.  CAC still charged me for 3 THREE months!  My experiences at CAC was uneventful overall, and I would have loved to be able to leave without hassle.  I would have happily re-joined when life will inevitably change again.   But being railroaded twice, I don't think I would consider this gym again.  For the record, I still stand behind my review of the Crossfit being held there.  Unfortunately, a gym membership is required for a Crossfit membership.
2	I've really been wanting to stop by City Athletic for a few months because we recently moved and I've been looking for a new gym. I had been trying to convince my hubby why it would be worth it to spend the extra $$ on a nicer gym, but I have to say we were both pretty underwhelmed by CAC. First off, the gym is SO dark. I'd read that in some of the reviews, but I had hoped it was people just being haters. I suppose maybe the members get used to it? IDK, but I like  at least half-way decent lighting when I work out... I'm not trying to take a nap you know? Secondly, the pool is unavailable for use every weekday between 3-8pm. So, if you're like my husband who can only work out in the afternoons... no pool usage for you except on weekends. Ironically, the only hours during the week they have childcare is 4-8. So if you're a Mom and want to work out in the morning... or want to swim in the afternoon, you're screwed there too. Considering how many personal trainers and fitness/figure competitors I know work out here, I was actually shocked to learn they only have one squat rack? Really? I think there were two smith machines, but only one squat rack? That one blew me away. The locker rooms were decent, not as impressive as in the photos. Plenty spacious and showers looked clean, so did the pool and steam room/sauna. Pool was a little warm, but I know a lot of people like it like that.  So all in all, I guess I could see the appeal, it is larger than your typical strip mall gym... but I personally couldn't find one reason to justify spending $50-60 per person for use of their normal facilities. I guess I could see the appeal for the people who want to spend more for the crossfit/kickboxing  or MMA classes. I do love that they offer non-contract membership, I think all gyms should be that way and it's refreshing to see. If they added morning childcare, did something about the lighting and opened up the pools even just a few days a week in the afternoon - I would absolutely reconsider joining CAC.
5	I have been going to this gym for a little over 2 months now. I got a groupon around new years that was for a year long membership. So far I have no complaints- the gym is clean, it has never been so crowded that I had to wait to use a piece of equipment, and the staff is friendly. More detailed reviewI do cardio 5x a week- either running/elipitcal or stair master. I lift 3x a week. I have a certain amount of flexibility in when I can go so here are some tips from meFrom about 4-7pm- this is the busiest time at the gym- there are a lot of classes like cardio kickboxing and dance aerobics that take place during this time. This is also when the personal training part seems to be booming the most. This means parking is a little iffy and the weight area is pretty busy. It is a perfect time, however, to do the cardio machines as other than people doing their short warm ups there is almost never anyone using them. One of the negative reviewers mentioned that there are a lot of people lurking around/not working out - this is true from 4-7. There are a lot of people before/after or in between workouts talking /socializing. I'm not sure why this is a problem for her- its not like you have to talk to them. But if you will be too distracted by socializing to work out this might not be the time for you. 9pm- close- this place is a wasteland at these times. Me and my roomate will frequently be the only non staff members in the gym. For me this is perfect but other people who want to work out in a more social atmosphere may not like it. Staff- all seem very nice. Since I go late at night I see them clean every day so I havebeen impressed by the thorough job they do- wiping down every machine with disenfectant, vacuuming everywhere etc. They have little stations with wipes to use on the equipment (although like everything else some people choose not to use them when they are done)Equipment- is all pretty good. As noted in other reviews, not every single piece of cardio equipment has a TV on it which is apparently a deal breaker for some people. I've only ever seen 1 or 2 treadmills that were out of order and they were fixed quickly. The one complaint I would have is that they don't have enough space/equipment for olympic style lifting in the weight area but apparently thats not very popular as I have never seen anyone else using it so it isn't really a problem. Nit picking- the water fountains. I bring my own water so this is only an issue when I drink it all but the upstairs water fountain the water comes out fast but isn't cold. The downstairs one the water comes out cold but really slowly. A minor annoyance at best. They recently got rid of the 2 screens in the cardio area and replaced it with a giant projector which is cool- especially when I go at night they always have basketball or something interesting playing- although there have been a few nights of Nashville wives that made me rethink my personal fitness goals.
5	Love this club. Awesome, supportive staff and trainers, up-to-date equipment, lots of equipment options, beautiful decor, and there's hardly ever a broken machine. It's clean and I love working out there. And if you're looking for a great trainer- Mandy White is friggin amazing!
5	One may feel slightly wary of this seemingly dark, slightly intimidating gym from the outside. Fear not, as Dennis Haysbert (Allstate spokesman) always says, "You're in good hands." The facility is always immaculate. This includes the forlorn dimly lit pool in the corner which looks like it came from a scene of a horror movie where the to-be-victim feels the all consuming need to go into the eerie looking water for some strange reason. I promise, there are no murderers or monsters in the water. Advanced swimmers may find the temperature of the water a bit too warm for long training sessions though. I've never smelt any nasty mildew or B/O anywhere in this facility. There's lots of equipment to go around and there's a nice variation of machines available. Equipment is always put back in the right area and not scattered around like at some other gyms. This gym also never seems to get packed either so you'll never have to circle the parking lot looking for a spot like a shark searching for food.Another great perk of the gym is the crossfit area. Nice, wide, and spacious to go BEAST MODE on the WOD. I'd really recommend trying a crossfit class at least once. Noah is an amazing instructor who really walks beginners through the basic forms and techniques.The best part of the gym is the ambiance. Everyone is there to get ripped and shredded and fit as hell. It's a fairly serious balls to the walls atmosphere. No people sitting on a machine taking selfies of themselves for Instagram or checking in on Facebook. No bumping into a friend you haven't seen since high school only to waste 982320273 minutes making small talk when all you want to do is finish your sets, get out, and enjoy the rest of your day. No douche muscleheads strutting around oozing that GET ON MY LEVEL BRO vibe. Just serious and determined fellow gym peeps looking to make dem gainzzzz along side you.Some might find the membership a bit on the pricey side but this ain't no LVAC!
1	Ive been in vegas for 23 years and belonged to the Q club, 24 hour, and LVAC.  City Athletic club is by far the dirtiest most unhealthy gym I've EVER been in. Where should I start? Ive NEVER seen anyone wiping down the equipment. To my knowledge the employees DO NOT sanitize the equipment. there is always something out of order , whether its the water fountains which are made for 2 feet tall people or the steam room which they finally put a sign up saying it will be reopened on 4-24 after who knows how long its been broken. The small cardio area is gross and doesn't have the nice built in tvs that EVERY other gym in town has now!! For all they charge for membership you would think they could get the best equipment. No wifi is just another disappoint in the long list of shortcomings at City Athletic Club. The mens locker room is really gross, and just 1 little bench in the regular locker room. They don't even have paper towels to dry your hands after washing them. Ive got to say don't waste your time or money on this dirty little hole in the wall.
2	I quit this club a few months ago. It looks nice inside, kind of like a nightclub but the place is not very clean. I was shocked when I got home one day after working out and two cockroaches climbed out of my gym bag. It was about one week later that I found a big cockroach in the shower. I smashed it into the floor and then went to the front desk and complained to one of the managers. The next day I went in to take a shower and I saw the guts were still smashed on the floor in there in the corner so they did not do anything about it.After having complained two times to management about the infestation, they should've done something about it. I had to quit my membership after this because there's no way I want to bring this insect back to my new home.
5	Have lifted in many different gyms over the past 12 years and City Athletic Club was the first time I even entertained a larger scale gym. I have been accustomed to smaller, grimy, stinky gyms and always felt a strong opinion to these larger, corporate style gyms. The City Athletic Club is nothing close to corporate.From the moment my girlfriend and I have joined we have always felt very comfortable and have enjoyed all of the staff. It is always refreshing to see a gym owner very often present keeping things running exceptional. Although it does have an intimidating demeanor, my girlfriend (who has always shied away from the weight area) feels very comfortable working out alone. Equipment is always clean and in order, there are many machines that are one-of-a-kind and we have never waited for anything. We do workout after 8pm so we cannot speak to peak hours but we recommend this place to all of our friends.
5	Love everything about the new yoga studio inside CAC.  The owner Jea and Karen did a great job organizing this so we could start practice in basically only 9 days after renovation. All the members have their heart in this and are so lucky how it turned out.  I recommend anyone to stop by, get a day pass and try it out.  The gym is so unique as well.  Great vibe inside.
5	So grateful for what owner Jea and his team have done to welcome our yoga community in to their gym! The studio looks great, the gym staff and members are always friendly and welcoming, and our yoga community was able to stay together. The yoga classes are fun, challenging, and light hearted. The instructors are genuinely sweet and caring with extensive knowledge of correct alignment (so important!). I can't imagine myself going anywhere else in Vegas for yoga.
4	A great place to workout for people serious about their fitness. Great equipment, great atmosphere, friendly staff. Great variety of classes especially if you are into Crossfit , Pilates or MMA. I love their no commitment month to month memberships. No hassle, no complicated membership plans. My only gripes are no spin classes, and no towel service at the front desk. You have to buy locker service to get towels, when they really should be offered separately. Also I wish the juice/shake bar was open earlier as I am there either early or late so I never get to buy anything there. P. S. Please don't come here and ruin it for the rest of us if you are (1) just here to socialize as this is not LVAC (2) one of those who read the paper on the weight bench with like 10 sets of dumbbells around you they you are using all at once (3) don't have decent gym etiquette
5	The best gym in Las Vegas. Been to all them this has helped me become better than I've ever been.
5	Arlin is the most awesome trainer I habe ever had. She calls me out and doesn't let me quit. The gym is also amazing. Love it.
5	About 65 of the people that used to be part of my favorite Yoga studio have relocated with our favorite teachers to CAC - yippee!  The owner of CAC - Jae - has transformed a room into a beautiful studio for us.  There are some of our favorite instructors - Karen, Patrice, Shelli and Nancy - plus some wonderful new instructors - Gev and Zeek.  In addition we get to enjoy the rest of this beautiful facility.  Jae and the staff are competent and friendly professionals.  This is a wonderful first class facility with great folks to guide you in your area of interest be it cardio, weights, yoga cross fit, or MMA.
4	Atmosphere is relaxed. Love that it's not too crowded. Amenities are a huge plus.  There are lots of personal trainers to choose from, a cross fit gym, a Pilates studio, pool, massage therapist, chiropractor and more.  CAC has great gym equipment but some cardio machines need repair or replacement.
2	I was a member at this gym when the crossfit area was 2-3 weeks old. Kanoa and Shelton are the best. They focus on technique and have a don't quit attitude.  Shelton will ever yell at you(only when he needs to push you, once he learns your personality.  He's not just randomly yelling at folks). Unfortunately,  that's the only good thing about the gym. The locker room is not the cleanest(women's). The pool area in always dirty and smelly. At the time I was there the steam room was out of service for months. When that did fix it, the was not very clean. The jacuzzi always had black specs on the bottom to where you didn't want to step in it. The gym equipment is very outdated.  The tv monitors rarely worked.  No one ever cleans there machines downs after using them. It was to a point where I would do crossfit, leave my bag in the crossfit area, and go in the locker room to change clothes(I don't like leaving the gym in my sweaty clothes), and leave. They are offering a groupon for a 6 month membership with crossfit for $170. I'm tempted to take advantage of the offer because it's such a good deal and I do miss the crossfit.  If it wasn't for that, I would recommend looking for another gym home.
5	Just started working out here and I would say it is the best gym in Las Vegas area.  I've trained at Planet Fitness, 24 hr fitness, LVAC and others.  It is my favorite spot to get my strength & conditioning workouts in.
5	I love my gym! They have all the equipment I need, plus awesome trainers to keep me motivated!
3	Jea Jung, the owner, was kind enough to listen to some my concerns. He told me they were going to be addressed in a timely manner. Thank you, Jea.
5	Honesty coupled with the highest form of INTEGRITY has always been the best policy in my book. Therefore, that notion will be exercised here. This portal is afterall the people's voice. I am giving this gym 5 shiny bright stars based only on the merit of my actual experience I have had so far one-on-one with a "phenomenal/world-class" personal fitness trainer name Tacota Le Muel. In a part of the world in which "uniqueness" is perhaps a bit exaggerated, Tacota brings an extra ray of light. Physical and emotional health works synergistically. Tacota is amazing at helping me get in the best shape physically but also spiritually. I like to refer to our personal training sessions as "boot-camp for the soul". She has driven me as hard as a Marine drill sergeant but smile throughout the process, making me want to work harder to make her proud as I see my new body emerge and my fitness improve. Tacota's ability to convert uncertainty into strength, lies in her natural, giving smile; in her mettle both gracious and humble. Her luck in the genetic draw, you suspect, in which her TALENT is not an overcompensation of her ability to influence people, rather innately "Badass" qualities. Her support system seems blissfully quiet yet confident in her joy/passion for fitness and life, and unstudied manner. Anybody who associates themselves with Tacota be it fitness or friendship will be rewarded many times over. If you are looking for a supportive way to achieve your fitness goals and stick with it for the long term, I'd highly recommend training with Tacota. She also specializes and excels in providing customized nutrition/lifestyle diet that works.A saying in Japan I once learned "Kata Je Kenai" pretty much sums up my experience training with her - roughly translated "a debt that can never be repaid". I am forever grateful for Tacota for transforming my life. The most realist/down to earth trainer I have ever encountered in my fitness journey. She is truly a diamond in the rough, a true asset in the fitness industry, and the best kept secret weapon in City Athletic Club. "Two thumbs way up!"I have recommended her to prominent business partners, colleagues, friends and family! ***********************************************************Now...let's talk about the gym. The second part of my review.I'm going to keep it simple. I like this gym. Do I love it? NO.Careful observation from a positive/optomistic and humble client looking in I came to several truthful conclusions. There are some major issues in this gym. If this was my gym and my investment; I would perhaps pull what I call a "Mitt Romney" move business wise. Gut everything out and start from scratch again and build it back again fostering a "culture" of empowerment in all aspects in pursuit of a profitable business model (a little less gung ho bravado and dick swinging). Basics often get forgotten in complacency, poor infrastructure, a weak management team, inconsistency of cleaning standards and not having a clear/solid vision/plan how to take this gym to the next level.The truth is the management team will need to do everything in their power to make people aware of this gym and get people in this gym. Nothing should be over looked or beneath you (that goes for a strong/professional representation in the social media portal - instagram, twitter, facebook, linked in, etc...). Targeting niche market is key. Whether it is handing out promotional flyers at the nearest traffic lights, offering free or heavily discounted sessions to local businesses and friends, or going to local city-wide events promoting and selling the benefits of strength training. You need to sell.  Sell, Sell, Sell. If you're not prepared to sell your business, then why on earth will anyone sell it for you? Any exposure and additional revenue is better than sitting on your ass waiting for people to come to you. Lose the ego just my two cents.Price is always a factor, but once through the door quality and convenience have a greater value than price itself. Offer current and potential clients the experience they will cherish for life and develop quality/professional relationship with them as this will trickle to repeat business and referrals.  City Athletic Club will need the drive and determination of the underdog, ready to challenge and beat the huge franchise gyms in their own backyard. Where there is a will there is a way. This gym has all the potential for greatness and I sincerely hope they reach level "AWESOMENESS".
5	I've been training here for a few months now and like it a lot. I've checked out other places and CAC seems to be the best for me. Clean and not super crowded! They aren't open 24 hours a day BUT you won't find me at the gym at 1am anyway! LOL
1	I have been a member here now for almost two years.  I was excited to get in and try all of the options CAC had to offer.  Great equipment while at the same time running into and training alongside some of the biggest names in bodybuilding and people who are serious about training; a great motivating gym. First of all, dirty gym.  I noticed this almost two years ago, but thought it would get better over time, not so much.Second, equipment breaks down, especially cardio equipment and it takes a long time it seems to get them up and running.  Third, a while back I got up early as usual to head down to the gym at 4:45 AM.  The gym opens at 5, but no one ever showed up.  Myself and the other usual suspects were left out in the parking lot to wonder what happened until we finally all decided to leave around 5:20.  This happened a coupe other times when the one to open up showed up fashionably late. Finally, went there today for a workout and CAC is closed to PUBLIC for photo shoot!!!  This has been a recurring problem with camera crews with large bags are setting up and trying to maneuver through the already tight square footage of the gym while you are trying to workout.  I understand, but can't this be done after hours or maybe off hours?I respect Jea (owner) and find him to be an entrepreneur that has brought some good ideas into such a competitive market.  However, I pose a question to Jea and the rest of the CAC staff: are you wanting to be a gym or a warehouse for photo shoots.  In other words, what is more important to you?  If it is the latter, then I feel much better about already have been shopping for another gym.
1	When I first started CAC, I loved it! Had family and friends going in every morning at 6 am, motivating each other! You could say we had our Crossfit family. We all knew each other, got close with all the trainers and more. I signed a membership with CAC and had a contract with them which I totally understand but after weeks of not going due to a busy schedule at work I froze my account, so they didn't charge me for about 6 months or so until September 11th, 2014 if I am correct. Now I had a concern so I called CAC and they told me that my account was unfrozen and that they would charge me and it was apart of the contract. I also told the guy that I wanted to cancel my account and he specifically told that he would take care of it and made sure that I wouldn't get charged another $150 in the same month... Guess what?! I got charged another 150 in the same month! (My regular due date is on the 25th of each month) I was charged on the 11th of September and tonight which is the 25th. I also called up there to handle the situation 3 times and was told  that I would get a call back and never got a call back from anyone from City Athletic Club.
5	So this is a post based on what I've experienced here.Please take into note::MY BIGGEST CONCERN WHEN IT COMES TO A GYM IS HOW MUCH/WHAT KIND OF RIFF RAFF COMES IN THE DOORS. I don't like to be harassed by weirdos when I'm working out (This place handles that pretty well)I started coming here almost a year ago after I became comfortable in my relationship and started to gain those pounds.  I was now a size 9 when I fit into size 1-3 before... Ugghhh I was pretty upset with myself and determined to get back to my smaller sizes. My boyfriend had already been a member and brought me along. The first time I walked in, I can remember thinking "ohh wow, this place is nice and it doesn't feel so crowded". Down stairs you have most of your cardio machines. Typically you feel how worn the machine is, but not so much here. Yes, there are a few that are down, but think about it this way, things break! It takes time to fix, and the other machines work wonderfully. Then there is the weight floor. Yeah I said it, not just a room but the second floor has a complete set of anything that you may want to use. These are the areas I use since I come without a trainer and don't use any of their class opportunities. This place not only has a great atmosphere for you to be able to work out to, they also have friendly set of faces working there. From the person who greats you to the people who train others. Within the year, I haven't trained with anyone but I have seen them train others and talked with a few of them. All of my experiences were good. Oh yeah I have to admit the dance classes and the mma courses look fun!!!!Thanks to my dedication and the help of this gym I am now back to size 3 and more in shape. I feel amazing, look better , and am a lot healthier then I was a year ago
4	Clean facilities, good atmosphere and a strong selection of the latest equipment.What I like most City Athletic Club though, is the idea that it's trainer driven. It provides a space for mutual respect and also unencumbered personal training. Meaning you get the most out of what you're there for. This is the gym for the serious - no matter what level you're at.
1	I've been to many gyms/workout facilities in Las Vegas. The only one with a temperature higher than this was bikram  yoga.   I was hopeful when they installed ceiling fans but now there's no cool air coming from the a/c vents. I see the curtains in the Pilates room blowing and when their door opens cooler air flows out. I like to work up a sweat at the gym but not during my warm up exercises.  Sure hope this gets addressed soon
2	The club itself is really nice but my only issue is that You can't freeze your membership over the phone? Seriously what a joke I just had surgery and don't want to pay for something that I can't even participate in. When I expressed this to the manager she laughed at me so when I get back I will be canceling me membership.
5	Top quality gym top quality staff top quality location.Jea Jung the owner is the nicest guy ever.If you're looking for a real high class gym no.need to.look anymore .CAC is the spot
5	Best gym in Las Vegas, hands down! You won't have to wait for the weights, don't see dumb people on the phone hogging up a machine. If you are serious about working out, this is the place to do it. Believe me the price is worth it. I used to go to lvac, but the place is too packed and nobody works out, they just walk around and text on machines. This is the best gym.
5	Great place to work out. It is very clean and the staff is friendly and helpful.   I am an older person and personal trainer Cesar Garcia created a work out program that reflected the areas I am concerned about.  He took in to consideration my age and physical limitations.  The exercise program was right on.  I would  highly recommend this gym to anyone considering joining gym and highly recommend using  personal trainer Cesar Garcia.City Athletic Club takes Silver Sneaker members for those on  Medicare Advantage plans.
