5	I was so glad to see a Vegas outpost of Blue Ribbon Sushi (one of the best sushi bars in NYC). While extremely pricey (many rolls where a shocking $15-20), the quality and selection is fantastic. The sushi is meticulously prepared and presented like exquisite pieces of art.Get the Toshi Special - delicate and crispy salmon skin on the outside!The Sakana San Shu, that's right salmon, yellowtail, and tuna is a must try. Service was great and helpful making choices from the extensive menu, I suggest sitting at the sushi bar to see the chefs work their magic. I can't think of a better way to blow one's winnings at the craps table than at Blue Ribbon at the Cosmopolitan!
1	I was very disappointed by my experience. I've been to the Blue Ribbon in Soha, and was expecting the same quality of food. Sadly, I was mistaken. The restaurant is beautiful, the presentation is spectacular, and the service usually attentive, but the biggest disappointment was the food. Our party of four all ordered various sushis and sashimis, but was disappointed by each item. The rice on all of the dishes was slightly hard and gummy, as if it was left out for a while or made using low grade rice. The ikura sushi was unbelievably dry and lacking any flavor at all. We ordered three of the box sushis, and were disappointed by each one. The uni tamago wasn't anything spectacular. The smoked salmon shiso box was awful. Not only was the rice horrible, but the salmon was extremely oily and tasteless. It tasted similar to the gravlox found at low grade buffets. The tuna avocado was also mediocre. Despite box sushis usually being pre-made, the rice still should not have been as hard and dry as it had been. Good rice is an essential quality for excellent sushi, and sadly the Blue Ribbon at Vegas did not use quality rice. Not only did the sushi taste horrendous, but the price was outrageous, at least for the quality we were served. For the OMAKASAKE it was $48! That's a crazy high amount for maybe a dozen pieces of awful tasting sushi. And a  single piece of ikura sushi was $6! I've gotten double the number of pieces for the same price, and they were a lot tastier. Each box sushi was about $25-$30, and was a complete waste of money. This was one of those places that you really want it to be good, and it looks delicious, but it just doesn't taste good. It's one of those places you go for a date when you don't care about the taste. It's impressive and expensive, but tastes horrendous. Sadly I have to give this place only one star because of the poor quality of the food. If they're going to charge that much for sushi, at least use better quality ingredients. We were so unhappy with our meal that we were still hungry after and had to go eat dinner someplace else, despite already spending a couple hundred dollars on awful sushi. I would say even though it may look very nice, it isn't worth it. Skip Blue Ribbon and save yourself money, time, and an upset stomach. However, if you're ever in New York, you should definitely visit the Blue Ribbon over there. We had a wonderful experience there, and was let down by the Vegas Blue Ribbon.
4	Strange as it may seem, I went to Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar and Grill and had only a couple of pieces of sushi.  Instead of ordering things I could get elsewhere I asked our server what he enjoyed.  He suggested the Oxtail Fried Rice and the Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken.  Interesting...I ordered what he suggested and it was awesome.  The fried chicken came with a wasabi honey sauce served on the side.  Really quite an interesting take on fusion cuisine.  I'd recommend it to anyone who likes fried chicken as something new that has a really good chance of catching on.  The fried rice was something totally different altogether. On top of the fried rice was what could only be described as a thin egg omelet pouch filled with liquid bone marrow goodness.  As instructed I broke open the pouch and mixed it together with the fried rice and it was absolutely awesome!  While this is in NO WAY healthy it was really really TASTY.The sushi was priced a bit high and I guess is what I expected from a sushi place on the strip.  They did have an interesting offering...a spicy lobster roll.  I ordered it and it was pretty good but probably not what people expect for a small roll that costs more than 10 bucks.I'll definitely be back to try different things.  I found the service to be attentive and helpful and would easily recommend it to anyone visiting the Cosmopolitan or Las Vegas in general.If I could, I'd give the Oxtail Fried Rice a five star rating all by itself!
3	I have to say that this was a pretty mediocre restaurant.  I went there with quite a large party (6 people) and this experience was a real mixed bag.  I found the ambiance to be pretty nice and pleasing.  The place was clean and well appointed.We ordered several rolls and there was a few things which bothered us.  First, there wasn't a card to write your sushi order down on.  As we just ordered a bunch of different things, this made it kind of difficult to keep track of what we had and had not ordered.  (I believe we ordered like 20 pieces of nigiri and 6 or 7  rolls).  Additionally, the service was pretty sub-par.  At one point I was waiting for more water, with my empty glass held in the air, for approximately 10 minutes ... needless to say, I wasn't pleased.As far as the actual food goes, it was pretty good.  The rolls were fresh and appetizing and the edamame was quite tasty.Thankfully they didn't put 18% on the bill for tip automatically, so we were able to let them know that we didn't really appreciate the service.Now, as I understand it this place was still in a soft-opening, so this review will likely be outdated in a few months,
5	This place is great! We went on day 3 after it opened inside the Cosmopolitan.  I love the Blue Ribbon in NYC and this recent Las Vegas addition keeps the bar high.  Fresh fish, good selection, knowledgeable and attentive wait staff.  I would recommend making a reservation, they are on opentable so that's very helpful.  Overall great meal! Don't expect this to be a cheap dinner though, it's over $50/person if you buy wine and a couple rolls.
2	I was pretty excited that I was going to be having dinner here.. but to my surprise, I was quite disappointed. First, the dining room feels more like a lounge. Loud music, and couch like chairs to sit on. I felt like it was a place to just listen to music and sip on cocktails. As for the food, it was very disappointing. Nothing that made me say "oh this is delicious!" The tuna and hamachi tartare we're ok, but you can't really go wrong with those. The sushi bar salad was boring and quite bland, the miso dipping sauce was ok but I had to literally dip the salad into it cus there was no taste. The other dishes that I had I can't remember the names, but they weren't very good. The only dish I liked was the oxtail fried rice. Also, the service was great. My waiter was extremely nice and friendly. But that alone won't get me to go here again. Definitely not worth the price! Oh and might I add, I waited an hour to get a table. NOT WORTH IT!
4	Amazing quality and very good service.  I was just upset at the typical Las Vegas pricing (up to $10 EACH piece of nigiri and that's not Toro...) but it's Vegas, so suck it up.  The house junmai ginjo sake is great for $60 a bottle.  Very floral and dry and perfect with sashimi.  The fresh Aji (they bring out the whole fish on the plate and then deep fry the carcass when you are done with the raw flesh) is a must get.  I was also a bit upset at the amount of items that were not available on the menu.  They were out of 4 or 5 things we wanted.  Other than that, the gorgeous Cosmopolitan hotel houses some amazing restaurants from NY and this one does not disappoint.  Just bring some serious cash if you are hungry.
1	WORST SUSHI OF MY LIFE SO FAR!! I seriously  thought I was eating canned tuna wrapped in seaweed and rice. Not even presentation, just rolls on a piece of board.Payed 100 bucks for 8 tiny pieces of sushi. Miso soup was 7 bucks. I rather eat top roman than to go there again.Whoever gives more than 2 stars to this place has never had good sushi.
4	Blue Ribbon is just one of the fancy new restaurants at the Cosmopolitan, taking after its original location in New York City.  We wanted to try something new, so we let our very loquacious waitress make a few recommendations and we were off!To start, we ordered the Ichinokura Himezen "Sweet Sake," served cold. Like I've mentioned in some of my previous reviews, I'm no sake expert, but I thought the Ichinokura was really quite tasty.  I definitely recommend it if you're looking for something light and crisp.The first dish our waitress suggested was the smoked pork belly (2 skewers for $5.5).  I thought this was easily the best dish of the night.  The richness of the pork belly was perfectly balanced by the lightness of the pickled onions and watercress on top.  Get this.Our second course was the Kanpachi Usuzukuri, which is a raw amberjack topped with yuzu pepper (8 pieces for $22).  The amberjack was fresh with good flavors in combination with the yuzu and accompanying ponzu.  Nothing mind-blowing.Finally, our waitress brought out the Oxtail Fried Rice, which she pointed out as one of their signature dishes (about 3 servings for $26.5).  It was REALLY good, but INCREDIBLY rich.  You really can't go wrong with cubes of bone marrow, but there is no way I would be able to eat this all on my own.Blue Ribbon is pretty tasty.  I wish it were it bit cheaper, but overall a success.  Next time, I'd like to try some more of their sushi.  Next time..
5	Great ambiance, great service, AMAZING FOOD!  My husband and I were super excited when we found out this NYC restaurant was coming to Vegas.My group dropped in just for an "appetizer."  The waitress was super nice and helpful - not pushy at all with our order, understood that we didn't want to eat too much.She suggested the Amberjack sashimi (8 thin slices) in the ponzu sauce and the pork belly skewers from the appetizer side.  Both amazing.  The pork belly comes with 2 pieces on one skewer (feeds maybe 2), so make sure you order enough for the whole table - cuz no one is gonna want to share!  We also had the Oxtail fried rice based on Yelp reviews, and we were not disappointed at all.  The waitress also recommended this "fruity" sake, Ichinokura Himezen, which was AMAZING.  I'm going to buy my own bottle this weekend...I love this place.  I will definitely plan on coming back next time I'm in Vegas (maybe try more of the sushi).  Great for groups with large booths and sushi bar seating.
5	This is excerpted from a longer blog post about my experience at the Grand Opening weekend. To read the full thing complete with pictures, check out my blog!After wandering around the property some more and trying my hand at penny-slots, we figured a nap in our oh-so-comfortable-with-super-soft-sheets bed was in order. We had reservations at the NYC-transplant Blue Ribbon Sushi at 7:30 and we were both very excited for whatever a gala dinner was. We were seated in the back, semi-romantic section of the restaurant, handed warm towels to wash our hands with and an extravagant menu. We decided on what we would choose and were then informed that there were no choices to be made, as we would be receiving everything. Jaws drop.First they brought out a little appetizer of King Crab and Champagne Dashi (complete with edible gold flakes on top!), and while it was interesting, it wasn't my favorite. Next, we were served bowls of Wild Mushroom Miso Soup in which we were each able to mix in as much miso paste as to our liking, and a sharable salad of seasonal lettuce, Asian pears, cranberries and poppy seed dressing. After that, a giant platter of super-fresh and delicious sushi and sashimi was put on our table and we were in heaven as sushi has always been our favorite date food.Next came the main courses (as if we hadn't already been served enough food for a substantial meal). Three to be exact. And they were full-size. Awesome doesn't even begin to sum them all up however. First there was a Miso Lobster - a full Maine Lobster with the meat already out of the shell, stuffed back in and mixed with miso butter to a perfect flaky consitency that pretty much melted in your mouth. We made pretty good work of that dish. There was also the Fried Chicken "Blue Ribbon Style" that had an excellent crisp, tangy outside and juicy inside served with wasabi honey. Last, there was a rather large bowl of Oxtail Fried Rice complete with bone marrow, daikon and scallion. Stuffed as we were, we took home most of the chicken and fried rice but we were totally satiated.But wait, there's more. Dessert was pretty much the gold flake of the entire meal - an ooey gooey God-send of Ginger Bread Pudding with creamy ginger ice cream and caramel sauce. After deciding that it was safe to walk and not topple over, we decided to take a digesting break in the room before heading to the concert.
5	I will start off by saying that I have eaten a lot of sushi in my life and my rating I'm giving Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar & Grill is based on everything...from food, service, and atmosphere.I have to admit the sushi that we order was good, very tasty, and the soy sauce is the best I have ever tasted.  I was told that it's aged soy sauce.The service we got from our waiter (Will) and from manager (Branden) was incredible.  They were both helpful, friendly, and on top of refilling our drinks, taking our dishes away when we finished them, and cleaning our table in between taking our dishes away.For me, a restaurant can have the best tasting food, but if the service sucks, I will not recommend it or go back.  I have to say Blue Ribbon has surpassed my expectation and I would have no problem going back there to eat.
4	Decent sushi at Las Vegas prices, but that fried chicken entree is pretty pretty pretty good.  That really does about sum it up.  Located in the Cosmopolitan, which is quickly becoming one of the stars on the Las Vegas strip, it's actually on the 3rd floor in what can be described as a small high-end eating, drinking, and shopping mall.  It didn't seem quite as popular as its next door neighbor Jaleo, and they had plenty of seats available at the sushi counter where I sat.One entree, one roll, and a seaweed salad came out to be $60.  The roll and seaweed salad weren't very impressive, but the fried chicken entree was.  I had seen other reviews raving about it, and add my name to the list of people who wouldn't mind eating it again.  It was great - piping hot when it came out to me, really crispy skin that had been doused with pepper and the honey-like dipping sauce was good as well.  Though I enjoyed it more without the sauce.  I will say that the entree was absolutely massive, and if you do order the fried chicken, try and share it with another person and/or limit the number of other things you get.  Service was great, and I enjoyed sitting at the chef's counter - they would occasionally (well, once) pass a complimentary tasting of something exciting that the chef had prepared.
4	I came here 2 nights in a row. Not because the food was really that good, but because we were late for the club Marquee so we had to find somewhere to eat fast. Service was awesome and bad at the same time. The servers we got were slow and like forgot about us. But they got other people there that were backup servers or something. The backup servers were the main stars of our dinners. They actually came up to us and asked if we needed anything. They took our food and drink orders. The tips should have went directly to them instead of our server. It was funny cuz the servers remembered us right away when we came on the second night. Maybe because of my sequin pink revealing dress that was eye catching haha.Food was decent. We waited a while for our food since it was a little busy. The first night I had spicy crab roll, seaweed salad, and baby clams. The second night i had the spicy lobster roll and spicy scallop and smelt roe. I had a bite of steak from my bf too. The steak was pretty tender. Prices were kind of expensive, but because we also ordered drinks.
4	I had mixed feelings about eating sushi in Vegas but it was actually not bad  The fish was okay and their service was great. Our server was super attentive to our table and our drinks was never left unfilled plus was really knowledgeable about all the food on the menu.The thing I liked most from this restaurant was their Ox tail fried rice. It was ridiculously good. I'd probably just come back to eat here just for it. I felt like for a sushi place their rolls were a little lackluster but I did appreciate the fresh wasabi and the dark soy sauce.Besides the fact of being kind of far from where I live, if I'm ever in the area and need rice I'll definitely come back for some Ox tail fried rice, nom.
3	It's fresh, but I don't see anything spectacular or anything to write home about and it's super duper pricey!Their nigiri is priced per piece!!!  I've had way better and at a much lower cost.The servers sound knowledgeable, but then she does not have experience in eating sushi as much as I do and her recommendations were just so-so.  I dont think I will venture back here.  Sushi Samba at Palazzo was much better.
1	I am from Los Angeles and eat sushi weekly. The sushi was the worst sushi I have ever had. It was horrible!!! I seriously think you could get better sushi at a 7/11.
5	In the New Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas, lays this fast fun hideaway sushi restaraunt.Fried chicken too!? Yep, my friends dad got it, I sampled it with the fun sauce, and it was Fabulous.This place has gotten an award: "best fried chicken" says the NY Times!Oh ya, and the sushi was Delicious too of course.
4	A friend made reservations here for his birthday - for four of us.We were driving into Vegas from LA and were going to be a little tight on time for getting in, getting ready, etc.  We called the restaurant, and they very nicely bumped our reservation back an hour for us.The Blue Ribbon is located in the new Cosmopolitan, which is GORGEOUS...  The sights walking up to the restaurant were phenomenal.  It did take us a little bit to find it, so give yourself at least 10 minutes to get from the front door to the restaurant.The restaurant is large.  There is a bar in the front for cocktails, then tables and the sushi bar in the center, booths along one side.  We were led all of the way to a back room in the back corner.  It made for a very private feeling which was great in a bustling restaurant.  Bonus points for us actually being able to hold a conversation.  Had we not been seated in the corner, it would have been frustrating to talk to each other.We decided to go with the Chef's Tasting.  I don't believe it is on the menu, but we paid $100 per person.  Two large plates came out.  The first held only sashimi, four of each kind, and the second came with nigiri.  This is clearly the type of place that prefers quality over quantity.  While they appeared to be two large plates, I was still a little hungry at the end.  Not everyone eats everything, so I was a little bummerface.  I wouldn't say that I'm entirely picky, but had I known then what I know now, I probably would have ordered something separate in addition for myself.The quality was on point.  The fish was fresh, and the flavors dazzled.  The seaweed salad is certainly a must.  We ordered two for the four of us.I'd absolutely recommend it for special occasions, at least once.
2	Overpriced sushi and appetizers, most rolls you could get at another restaurant for a third of the priceas here and it would be just as good. The wait staff was a bit OCD about keeping our table neat and orderly. They came by half a dozen times to straighten plates, pick up straw and chopsticks wrappers, wipe drippies off the table, and etc.They were nice though. Lychee martini was good tho!
3	Went to Blue Ribbon last night with a few friends and was expecting a great experience. What we got was decent but nothing more. Starting off the service was pretty slow and disjointed, our server probably had 8 tables to himself. In a restaurant where the average spend is about 75-100/head I would expect service to be a lot more fluid and competent. We waited about 15mins to place our order and at that point I believe one of the owners/managers came over to take our order. For four people we had 2 filet mingons, 1 salmon, 1 fried chicken, 1 coconut shrimp a sashimi platter, lobster roll and two pieces of nigiri sushi. First off the sushi was beyond mediocre, I paid $15 for 1 piece of toro and the fact that the rice was crusty basically ruined it for me. I also had one piece of maguro which was pretty average as well.  The fabled fried chicken, one of their specialties that people tend to rave about fell short. Its basically shake and bake chicken with chili powder. The coconut shrimp were good, steaks were great and salmon was about average. While the portions looked decent I was surprised that after 5 entrees 2 appetizers and four deserts we were left starving.I wanted to save the best for last, the desserts were nothing short of phenomenal. Banana Split and sorbet were solid 7/10 but the green tea creme brulee was easily a 11/10 and the flourless chocolate cake was basically like eating an oversized truffle, absolutely amazing. Dinner for 4 was about $350 mostly due to the fact that we only drank water. I would not recommend the restaurant and can't really see myself coming back when Japanese spots like Little Buddah exist on the high end and Xtreme Sushi on the low end. Average experience overall
4	I liked it a lot here, especially the atmosphere.  The music was good, not too loud, just a really cool, chill place to hang out and have dinner.  A place you could find yourself chatting all night, very loungy as well.  The cod was the best!  And the best ginger bread pudding I have ever had
3	Sushi was good but not amazing and for the price it should have been spectacular. Good service and decent crowd. Really expensive!
3	I was disappointed with the sushi here.  We ordered the following rolls (all ranked 3 stars): salmon skin roll, spicy tuna w/ tempura flake roll, and dragon roll.  They weren't bad tasting, but nothing spectacular either.  Very plain and pretty small in size. Maybe it's because I've had much better sushi elsewhere.The cooked dishes here were much better:  *Oxtail fried rice (4 stars):  The oxtail fried rice is pretty large in size and very tasty.  It's best shared by 3-4 people if you're eating family style.  There's a bone-marrow omelet on top which adds richness to the dish.  I wish the omelet were larger in size compared to amount of rice you get.    *Blue ribbon fried chicken (4 stars): If you like fried chicken, you will LOVE this dish.  It's brought to the table fresh out of the fryer and extremely hot in temperature.  The chicken is covered in a red spice that gives it a little kick, but not too spicy.  It's served with a honey-wasabi sauce that gives the chicken a sweeter flavor if you choose to use the sauce.  The chicken meat is so juicy; even the white meat didn't have a hint of dryness.  This dish is pretty large as well, so it's best shared family style too.
4	The omakase here is just crazy.  I highly recommend it. I came here with Tony T. and at first I was a little confused about how this whole omakase thing was going to work.  I'm used to just getting individual plates, like a tasting menu.  But here they make a huge platter of sashimi.  We got them to split the platter three ways between us, which was good.  Otherwise it would have been interesting to navigate the platter at the sushi bar.  If you look at the pictures, the platter is pretty intricate and doesn't look entirely stable.The sashimi platter comes with Aji and the actual fish bones and head that the Aji sashimi was made from.  Once you are done, they take that back and fry it and serve it to you.  It was pretty good.  I've had better at other restaurants.  It usually works better when the fish is smaller.  This fish was pretty big.After that, they bring out one huge platter of nigiri, which I wasn't expecting.  One or two pieces for each diner.  And it includes toro, which is the best toro I've ever had.  The shrimp nigiri was really fresh - you can see the shrimp behind the counter alive and kicking it.  The wasabi is pretty fresh, but not as fresh as Bar Masa.  Still, pretty good.  With three people at the sushi bar, you have to push the platter around so everyone can reach everything.  The cocktails were pretty good.  I had an Off the Road, which is a tequila cocktail.  My husband had the White Oak, which he enjoyed as well.  And this is the only place on the west coast that has Hitachino beer on tap.  It's a nice IPA style beer.  A little expensive at $15 a pint, but still pretty good.The dessert list was a little lacking (and expensive) so we ended up going to Holsteins for shakes.  Service was good and the omakase is impressive, visually and taste wise.  I'll give it 4 stars because it's a little expensive at $100 a person and, according to the menu, they could charge more if they give you something really special on a whim.  I think you can still get omakase at Sen of Japan for $85/person.  But definitely something to try at least once.  Tony has better pictures than I do, so hopefully he will post them.  Some of the platters other people got in the restaurant who were doing omakase for 6 were pretty insane and he got pics of that.
4	We enjoyed our meal at Blue Ribbon Sushi.  The service was great, although the hostesses were dressed rather casually for the atmosphere of restaurant.  I am rather spoiled when it comes to sushi, as I live in California, and have access to to lots of very fresh sushi.  That being said, I felt that the rolls athe Blue Ribbon Sushi were good, but not amazing.  My cocktail, however was delicious.  had the Off the Road, which featured tequila & cucumber, yum!My husband order the New York Steak, which came with really yummy bok choy & asparagus.  Although, the best part was the tempura onion rings, OMG!They had a pretty decent sized menu, and I only tried a very small percentage of what they had to offer, so I am sure there will be much more to try out next time!
4	My gf and I had an amazing experience at Blue Ribbon. We eat a lot of sushi and I say this topped Nobu, Sushi Samba, Roku, and Koi.Sit at the bar and do the omakase. They have a great selection of fresh seafood and the sushi chefs are really friendly and will converse and explain every piece of sushi. They do an amazing job at plating here as well... we had the most beautiful plate of sushi which was surrounded by flowers and a filleted fish.We enjoyed everything except the Blue Ribbon Roll... overrated at $30/roll.
1	My first experience in this restaurant was HORRIBLE. It was my classmate's 21 birthday and she wanted to have dinner at this restaurant because it was close to club marquee and we love sushi. This place was SH*T. The prices were too EXTREME for the small baby portions. I ate at so many sushi restaurants, by far this is the worst place I ever had sushi. They had the smallest California roll I ever had. Not only was the food horrible, but the service was ridiculous. I have no idea why they would take soooo damn long to serve these tiny sushi rolls. 20 minutes to come in and ask what we wanted, a whopping 45 minutes to serve us this baby sh*t and 1 HOUR to give us a check. Us being a huge party you would assume they would split the checks, but instead they would make it complicated and give us one whole check and go figure. It took a while to call the waiter and ask to split the check and the waiter says "Okay its going to take another 20minutes because I need to void this one and so and so." We told the waiter, us being  a big party and all, why didn't you just split the check in the first place? He had the audacity to say "Umm well okay..." no apology. Overall there goes $100 down the drain, a waste of 3 hours in this restaurant (Waiting most of the time), and horrible service. DREADFUL, HORRIBLE, SH*TTY, WASTE OF TIME, B.S. RESTAURANT. NEVER GOING HERE AGAIN. IF YOU WANT GOOD SUSHI AND YOU CAN'T FLY TO THIS RESTAURANT I KNOW IN JAPAN, GO TO "EXTREME SUSHI" HERE IN LAS VEGAS WHICH IS ALL YOU CAN EAT, AND UNIQUE LARGE PORTIONS SUSHI.
4	I can't really give it a 5 star since I really didn't experience the food the way I should (drunk me lol) But I do remember how good the uni was so creamy and how fresh the sashimi was and the wagyu beef (was it worth $108? Iono you tell me...) oh my goodness it was so tender and juicy... from what i've heard the beef just melts in your mouth... I'll update more in detail once I come back here and experience it to the fullest extent :D
5	REALLY recommend this place for a sushi night in Vegas!  If you are into rolls, funky dishes, go to others like Nobu.  But if you are into simply EXCELLENT quality fish, go directly to Blue Ribbon!  We tried it on a whim (on a Sunday to boot - shame, shame) and yet it was still thoroughly impressive.  Not as expensive as the Omakase I've had at most places of this ilk in LA, and yet shockingly higher-quality fish than nearly all of said LA joints!The chef even had to work around an allergy of mine, and did so brilliantly.  Knowledgable, friendly staff.  Excellent sake selections.  Overall, both my bf and I were thoroughly impressed.  We will visit again and again, without a doubt.
4	The omakase, like Holly C had mentioned in her review, is indeed insane.  We ordered 3 $100 omakase and watched teh sushi chefs prepared it while we sat at the sushi bar.  The experience alone is something that can't be quantify in dollars, especially if you are a foodie and enjoy seeing food prepared artistically, as well as enjoying the delicious edible works of art.The starting price for omakase here is $100, and can go up from there.  Seeing the results of the $300 omakse platter as we were exiting the restaurant, kind of reminds me of the feeling of watching the Food Network Challenges (I would love to be one of the tasting judges if they ever do an extreme sushi challenge).  And in my opinion is an interesting and extravagant way of splitting a meal with friends or impressing potential clients.  After the meal, you will definitely have something to talk about.The sushi here is good. Granted all the fish is trucked or flown in to the restaurant, just like for any other sushi restaurants in Las Vegas. But thus far the volume of customers that seemed to be served every time I walk past Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar and Grill (BRSBG) is pretty high, so the inventory of fish must be pretty fresh. The rolls here are good too, even though you will be paying a premium for it.  The sushi chefs here are not too talkative.  But we also didn't buy them sakes or beers, so that might have been a contributing factor. But they are skillful bunch and what they served up reminds me of the sushi I used to eat when I was much younger (presentation is still very much an important component of the food served).Our servers were good.  As the food was served, they identify them so you don't have to guess what they are (especially since we really have no idea what is going to be served with the omakase order).Desserts is probably the only uninteresting part of the meal, as the selection was uninteresting and expensive (I'd rather walk to Bellagio or Aria and get some Jean Philippe Patisserie pastries or dessert crepes, and still pay less).I posted the pictures I took from the dinner, so if you want to get an idea of what you might expect from ordering the $100 omakase, please check them out.Decor: 4/5 Very nicely decorated.Price: 3/5  Expensive, but you do get what you pay for.  Can't really compare the price to AYCE sushi restaurants.Food:  4/5  Very good.  The uni and the amaebi are both very fresh (the shrimp was still swimming moments before it was plucked from the tank, prepped and served. Service:  4/5  Fine dining style of service.Parking:  3/5  Cosmopolitan is getting busier every time I go,so finding a good parking space seems to be harder and harder.  But there is always the valet option.Location:  5/5  Right on the Strip.  Perfect for tourists and locals having a fabulous night out on the Strip.Overall, a solid 4 stars from me.
1	What a disappointment. As Priscilla (hiiiii Priscilla!! ) said below. It was my 21st birthday and I wanted to have dinner here with some close friends and family.Not only are the portions extremely small but when you ask a waiter/waitress about what an item is on the menu, it may not be what they described it to be.The service was horrible! The nerve of one of the waitresses to ask ME, THE BIRTHDAY GIRL if I'd like the cake now or later. First off, I didn't even know my sister went out of her way to get a cake for me and they ruin the surprise by not asking who the birthday girl is to make sure not to ask her (me).In fact, I think later on during the night, they still didn't know! They were about the put down the cake in front of my sister instead of me!The environment may be the only thing that is great about this place. You can't really complain about the price because well.. its Vegas! I would NOT recommend coming here unless its a small party and you don't really mind crappy service. Our group of 14 had to wait a good 40 minutes for the food to arrive, only to be looking at a half empty plate that cost $50.Overall:Food: B (The salmon was fresh everything else was meh)Service: FEnvironment: AWould I ever come back? NO!
3	We heard that the Blue Ribbon inside the Cosmopolitan was fantastic so we called in the evening and got a seat for the same night...This may be a bad sign for a great sushi restaurant?  The munu looked really interesting with some unique dishes.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly.  The dishes were expensive (expected) but my wife and I were just not impressed.  The wine pours were very small and expensive.  The portions were small and just not as exciting as they sounded on the menu.         Maybe I've become a sushi snob or maybe I'm just past traditional sushi......I think Sushi Samba at The Palazo may have ruined my expectations for fantastic unique sushi.....I compare everything to Sushi Samba ...and Nobu.         If you want straight forward sushi and don't want to travel go ahead and go to Blue Ribbon...it was not bad, just normal.  If you want great traditional sushi, go to Nobu at Hard Rock.  If you want unique and creative, go to Sushi Samba.
4	Make no mistake, this place is pricey. Unless you're a serious baller (like the Green Bay Packer players we saw rolling out of here) you're going to feel the hurt when paying your bill. With that little detail out of the way, Blue Ribbon is worth checking out.The place has a modern Japanese feel and is divided up into three areas. When you first enter there's a small sushi bar to the right. Past that is a spacious lounge and bar area. Beyond that is the main dining area with a larger, U-shaped sushi bar. The tables in the main dining area are rather intimate, with many booths lining the walls and tables that are separated by thin wood dividers. So, if you're looking for a place where you can have some personal space and are more than 6 inches away from the nearest diner, then this is the place for you.Service was spotty. Our server was nice enough, he just didn't seem to know what was on the menu and couldn't recommend anything. Luckily, one of the managers came by to suggest a few items. Although he was casually dressed in jeans and a polo shirt so when he first came up to chat I thought it was just some random dude wanting to talk about the menu.Here's what we ended up ordering:Tuna sashimi. 2 pieces. Pricey, but deliciously fatty and silky smooth. Possibly some of the best tuna sashimi I've had in the city.Kanpachi - Amberjack with yuzu pepper. The order came with eight slices of fish with the yuzu sauce poured tableside. Smoked pork belly kushi yaki with pickled onions and baby watercress. Two decent cuts of pork with a nice amount of fat that added to the richness of the flavor.Negimaki - broiled beef with scallions and enoki mushrooms. It was a cute looking dish with eight slices of beef wrapped around the scallions and mushrooms. It was a good, savory dish with a hint of sweetness from its sauce, but probably not something I would order again.Miso marinated black cod. Two sizable pieces of fish per order. You usually can't go wrong with miso black cod, but I've had better. The piece that I had had a slight fishy taste and smell.Crab and truffle fried rice. The menu says it's $55 per order. That's ridiculous for any type of fried rice, but since everyone seems to rave about Blue Ribbon's fried rice we gave it a try. The manager said we could get a half order. Perfect! There were plenty of chunks of crab and mushrooms and slices of truffle. Definitely the best fried rice I've had, just don't tell my mom that (sorry mom, your fried rice has been bumped down to number two).
3	This place is by far the most expensive sushi experience I have ever had. This is not a happy hour sushi bar, you are going to drop some serious cash but if you really enjoy sushi you should give it a try. We lucked out by showing up early enough to not need a reservation and were immediately seated. Our waiter was charming, knowledgeable and very attentive. The enoki hamachi roll was pretty good, the mackerel and salmons rolls were all excellent and the fried oyster roll blew us all away.  All in all a great restaurant.
4	$5 per piece of salmon sashimi. YIKES!Definitely expensive but OMG was it the most delicious, fresh sashimi I ever had. Good thing to try once and savor, but would i come back? Naw, im not that baller. LOL!I went here for a birthday dinner. I also had the saikyoyaki which was broiled miso cured black cod ($34.00). It was really juicy, melted in your mouth, and had a good miso flavor. For the price and small portion, I don't think I'd get it again.Service was good. Place is a trendy, modern restaurant inside the cosmopolitan. The place was buzzing, so make sure to make a reservation if you plan to go.Overall this place has definitely good quality, but it's a little rich for my blood. I'd rather use my money gambling. =p
2	Place was very convenient for us since we were staying in Cosmopolitan, but that's about the only good thing I can say about this place.  The service was decent, but not what I would expect from a high end restaurant at all.  We had the Sushi platter (about 10 piece i think),  Sashimi platter (around 10 piece) , Beef Fried rice, and fried oysters.  About $200 with couple of beers.  The quality and freshness of the fish was on par with my local places (san ramon, ca) at about a fifth of the price.  I had some good fish in San Francisco in a similar price range, and this place does not hold candle to it at all.   Perhaps I didn't drink enough to dull my taste buds...
4	I thought this would make a great place when my friends staying at Vdara wanted to do sushi. But when we sat down and were handed menus...they were asking where the pencil and checklist were. Realizing these guys were not sushi connoisseurs whatsover we almost bailed and went to Sushi Mon. The ambiance was great though and the cocktails convinced us to stay. Glad we did. I am so anti getting edamame at restaurants it's not even funny. Why would you pay $4+ for a little bowl when you can buy a whole bag for less and eat it at home? But that's the first thing my buddy orders...go knock yourself out man..for $8! I had a couple of them and it was ridiculous. If I'm paying that much for edamame..it should be at least served cold like in real Japanese restaurants and not straight out of a boiling pot. Give me a break. AYCE places whatever...I always assume it'll be served hot but $8 in a place like this?!? Its just the principal itself goddamit!! Anyways...the quality of fish was outstanding. The maguro served had that really deep red color I sometimes dream about. I savored every single piece of sushi and sashimi I had. I was also eyeballing some really cool items I plan on ordering in the future with sushi snobs like the lobster sashimi. I will certainly be doing the omakase next time I'm here.
4	I think I split the Omakase platter here with at least one person. It was really good, but was it worth the price tag? I don't know. Maybe I'm spoiled living in San Francisco, being able to get good sushi for significantly lower prices.I liked the atmosphere in this place, much nicer than Jaleo, where we went the following night.
5	One the best sushi experience I have ever had. Not your every day place for sure. I love trying new things and this restaurant has plenty of that. First on the menu was Jelly Fish. It was marinated in a strong ponzu sauce and basically took on that flavor with a very gelatinous texture. I don't think I would eat it again. Second was bone marrow, served on the bone with teriyaki sauce and toast. They recommend you dip your bread in the sauce and then spread on the marrow. It was so good. I very strong and unique flavor. Something I would definitely order again. We also had a couple pieces of albacore, blue fin, and one of their rolls which I cant seem to remember right now. Everything was exceptional, the service, the way the food was displayed, the freshness and the taste. The cocktails were great as well. I have nothing bad to say about this except for its a wallet breaker but trust me when I say it is totally worth every penny.
2	Saying the sushi here is overpriced is an understatement. Especially in a town that has plenty of great local sushi places. Service was a tad overbearing. Asked the waiter to give us something different, he brought us california rolls with real crab. Meh.
3	This was the first place my wife and I went to on our honeymoon, as we are both big sushi/japanese cuisine fans. We were staying at the Cosmo, and we wanted to start out on a high note for what was to be a week of incredible eating. Blue Ribbon ended up being the low point of all of our meals. Yes, we got a free dessert for being on our honeymoon (a nice touch, but a common one as we learned throughout the week), but aside from a couple real highlights (the live scallop served in it's shell, the uni wrapped in snapper and topped with shisho & caviar), everything else didn't really wow us and at a place like this, it should have. It wasn't bad or anything, but it definitely wasn't worth the $320 we dropped (we have no issue with dropping $$$$ on sushi when it's worth it). Good quality, but not jaw-dropping, and definitely not on the level of other restaurants at the Cosmo (I'm looking at you, Scarpetta). We were considering going all out for the omakase there, but the server really didn't try to sell us on it at all. "Oh, you know, it comes with tuna, salmon... toro, that kind of stuff." Really?  That's the best way you can describe the expensive omakase to me?  No highlighting of special fish, unique choices, anything like that?  Thanks, but no thanks.Luckily all of our other experiences at the Cosmo only went up from here. Next time we're in Vegas, we'll make sure to venture out to Raku, which apparently is *the* spot for locals when it comes to Japanese food.
4	On a trip here with friends, stayed at the cosmo and heard Blue Ribbon was great.  Well, it didn't disappoint.  Great hostess, knowledgeable waiter, great ambiance, really everything you would be looking for.  The prices......well, it's vegas.  Totally worth it.
3	Have you ever heard really great things about someone's older sibling yet, when you meet the younger sibling you realize the apple fell a little far from the tree? Ok maybe I am channeling a prior bad blind date here but, thats the best comparison I can give. Vegas has a wave of sister venues from all over the world and the real trick is how getting them to stack up to the original and yet still retain an identity of their own. The Cosmopolitan hotel has a few of these places and most are trying to find their identity.I hit the place up on a weeknight and the place was busy with a dark but, warm environment, loud music (just a tad to loud actually I had to yell to chat with my dinner companion) and a casually dressed staff. Table wait time was about 15 minutes so I decided to hit the bar. The menu had an impressive selection and the bartenders were on top of their game.  The one comment I have is that the drinks seemed a little weak.  This is also where things got a little odd as when I checked the time (25 mins.) I had to walk up to the reception podium to check on my table time they said it was ready. I closed out my tab and the bartender commented "Oh yeah its been ready for a while". Seems like a really odd thing to not communicate!Looking over the menu their is a fun variety of higher end food options and my server made a variety of suggestions. The menu was definitely on the higher end of the price spectrum. I mean wasabi friend chicken shouldn't approach the $40 mark. But the variety of things I sampled (Toro, Wagyu Beef Fried Rice, and the Spicy Crab Roll) all tasted fine. But, I guess thats my point they weren't great. At this price point and with this pedigree it should be kinda awesome.Not to mention when I asked for the cocktail menu halfway through the meal to try something else it was never delivered. Frankly I decided to cut my losses and head somewhere else.I cant say I would really recommend this place to anyone off hand. I mean maybe if you were on a company expense account and needed to show off at the cosmo it would do. If I return here again I will head straight for the sushi bar and see if my experience changes. I have heard nothing but, great things about this venue's sibling in NY maybe I should just stick to the original.
4	cool spot, had the munchi's after marquee and ran into this place... =PWe sat at the sushi bar...Only order some spicy something roll which was GOOD, 6-pieces of yummyness.very nice place, decor is great(pretty much thats the theme of everything in the cosmopolitan 'the decor is great!' haha).  if you sit at the sushi bar on a fri or sat.  at 1sh am... there will be a party outside and really looks like MTV Real World is happening rite behind you... with people playing pool, lounging, drinking, and eating pizzas all while music fills the air... YUM w/ FUN
4	The two best things I tried at this place were the Miso Blackened Cod and their King Crab Fried Rice with truffle oil. That $45 fried rice is pretty amazing, laced with loads of mushrooms, truffles, juicy crabmeat, and pieces of asparagus. Our group was amazed at how well it was done. Their truffles are seasonal so it changes (ours was Summer Truffle versus a friend's previous Black Truffle). That cod was cooked to perfection, each piece falling off the way fish should be cooked. Delicious! I also had tried the Rock Tempura Shrimp (not anything too amazing to rave about), and the Yellowtail Teriyaki. As for sushi, I tried the Spicy Lobster Roll, Enoki Hamachi Roll, and my pick: Sakana San Shu Roll (Yellowtail, Salmon & Tuna). We called while we walked over from Aria at around 9 pm and waited 5 minutes for our table for 7 to be set up. Not too bad of a wait but of course this was a Sunday night.
5	Service was good, nothing to write home about... but the fish was extremely fresh and tasty tasty. It cost about $200 for 2. WE even saw Jermaine Dupri there. haha.
5	Pricey, but I guess not overly pricey for Vegas.  My wife and ordered: 12 piece sashimi comb, deep fried oyster roll, 2 piece unagi roll, spicy tuna roll and one green tea.   The total bill was over $100.Price aside, the staff was super friendly.  We sat at the sushi bar and the servers and sushi chef kept checking in with us.   I thought the sashimi was really good and my wife agreed because she ate several pieces of the sashimi (normally she would only eat one...maybe two).  The rolls were good, but I probably wouldn't order the deep fried oyster roll again.  I love rice and I love deep friend oyster, but the two together in a sushi roll did not create a new experience - they taste the way they would taste if you just simply ate rice and deep fried oyster.
5	When you come to Las Vegas, a few things pops in your mind. Gambling, great show, great buffet or just great food from great restaurant.Blue Ribbon Delivers. As a food connoiseur all over the state, I found this new restaurant on the most beautiful new casino in Las Vegas electrifying.Our party of 8 goes absolutely ballistic when it comes to satisfy our crave for food. You must try their beef tongue, its absolutely delectable. I think any steak dish that they have is a must try. I tried their pepperjack sashimi and its an absolute delish and super fresh.The surf and turf dish are humongous, well its better be right at $100. It is absolutely delicious. Their seabass were terrific, the sake are awesome. We probably ordered almost half of the menu and comes away very satisfied with every single one of em. Very very friendly staff, nice sushi chef that knows what they are doing. Food runner that knows their food and a great server in Vera. If you are looking for a nice and cool place to hang out, I would strongly reccomend blue ribbon!
4	Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar and Grill was a great place to eat while in Vegas.  If you are part of the Identity rewards of Cosmopolitan you get points for your purchase.  This is a great place to have a birthday dinner at.My wife and I ate here as a treat for my wife's birthday away from the kids.  The service was great as our water cups were never empty and the staff was very friendly.  My wife got a free dessert for here birthday.My wife ordered the spicy lobster roll (~$17) which was a small roll and tasted great (4 stars).  I ordered the Cosmopolitan (~$85) which is a mix of sashimi and sushi (4 stars).  Cosmopolitan according to the waiter is the more adventurous sashimi and sushi platter on the menu.  I requested one medium blue fin belly on the platter which they did do.  Wish they had Toro available as it was sold out before we got there.  It also had a nice selection of unique fish and a pretty cut up mackerel in the middle with about 8 pieces of mackerel sashimi coming from the cut up fish.  Most of the platter was rarer fish with great flavor.  I did wish it had something more unique than mackerel for the center piece.  We ended the meal with the free dessert which was anything they offered and my wife chose the banana split.  It was one of the best banana splits I have ever eaten.  The dish is made of one good banana cut in half length wise and place on the bottom of three scopes of ice cream of chocolate, green tea, and ginger flavors.  Ginger ice cream is pretty unique in flavor and pretty good.  It was topped with chocolate sauce, whipped cream, and macadamia nuts.  As it was my wife's birthday a candle was placed on top which was a nice touch.This is a place I will visit again as it has great selection of fresh fish and great service.  Overall it is a 4 or 4.5 star place as it is one of the better places I have been but pricey.
4	Excellent rating only because of the trendiness of the ambiance and excellent service.  The food is only OK.I'm from Hawaii where we have some of the freshest and best sushi in the world.  I have also traveled to Tokyo and Kyoto where sushi rules.  Sadly Blue Ribbon charges the high prices but misses the mark on quality.The ultimate test of a sushi chef is the Tamago Nigiri.  Sad to say, the rice was overly packed and on 3/5 occasions, the tamago was overcooked.Other sushi items are very fresh but portions are very small.  The fish to rice ratio is nowhere near Tokyo standards.Hot entree items are very good to OK.  The tempura is perfectly cooked but the broiled fish is consistently over cooked.If you want a perfect dining experience, order the Blue Ribbon Special.  Its basically omakase. Its near perfect.  Only problem for less adventurous diners is that you leave yourself in the hands of the chef.  Well worth the risk but at $200, very pricey.The sake list is good, the wine list is OK.Prices are high.Service is excellent.
3	A sushi bar with a DJ? I'm not 100 percent sure how I feel about that.  After shopping, my co-worker and I were needing some healthy fare and a drink.  The restaurant doesn't have that many tables, and looks as though it fills up quickly.  We made our way to the bar and ordered a couple of rolls and a cucumber salad.  The fish was very fresh, and the rolls were tasty.  The bar had three japanese beers on tap, and plenty more in the bottle.  While we ate an escort was laughing it up with the guy sitting next to us, so that was extremely entertaining and only added to the vegas-style atmosphere.
5	Planning for which restaurants to check out for our Vegas trip led to the BF showing me several menus to choose from.  I have to say they had me at the $55 fried rice with blue crab and truffle topped with an egg that you mixed.  This was so heavy that we had to pass on dessert, but it was well worth it.Other dishes we had:-Enoki & hamachi maki roll --had to try it being a huge fan of hamachi, which is my favorite sashimi, and who doesn't like mushrooms.  I knew I had to order something small so that I could make room for the delicious $55 fried rice.-Sushi deluxe provides 10 pieces of nigiri pieces along with a roll of your choice, of course, we picked Spicy tuna --Spicy tuna had a nice heat to it.Again, Vegas is always booming with new restaurants, but this is one of those places that I would visit again and try other dishes --even possibly a different type of fried rice.
2	My best friend swears by this place and kept telling me it was one of her favorites from New York and they built one in Vegas.  So when we were in Vegas for a weekend, we decided to try this place out. Honestly, I don't know what the hype is all about.  I have to say that their hot dishes are amazing and their beef tongue and yellowtail collar dishes were the best of the night.  But their maki rolls were TERRIBLE!  The size of the rolls were small and they were not good at all.  I don't understand why they have to charge an arm and a leg for terrible sushi.  We also ordered their Sake Tataki (Salmon Tartare with a Quail Egg) which was average.  The dish was super small and nothing that special.  It's served with aged soy sauce that you mix with wasabi and scallions and honestly, there really was no taste to it. If you want to go there for the hype and to check it out, I would only recommend to go for just the hot dishes like the beef dishes and the bone marrow (which was amazing).  But other than that, I would not go for the sushi.  We didn't try their sashimi so I can't say anything about that but either way, I think I got food poisoning here too because my stomach did not feel well that night after eating dinner at this place. I normally like to eat at upscale restaurants and I'm used to having small dishes served at an expensive price but this place was definitely not worth it in my opinion. I would probably skip it.  There are plenty of other upscale nice restaurants in Vegas with better food for the same price.  Why pay so much for crappy food with small micro sized portions?
4	Why is everyone saying Pricey?? I had a roll, shared a seaweed salad and had a Kirin Lite (plus the hottie bartender hooked us up with complementary terriaki tuna tar tar which was a generous portion -- ahh pays to be a lovely lady in Vegas. My slice of the bill came to $35. My sushi was good, no complaints but the roll was thin so if I didn't have the free tuna I would have been hungry. The place is dark and sexxxy like a little sushi snow lodge. Wood walls and a nice bar area where you can sit and eat to dodge the table wait. Seems like it would be quite the scene and a great place to meet hot yuppies mmmm... meee likey!!
4	Been waiting for a trip to this restaurant since having heard it opened! Finally was given the chance thanks to a dear friend of mine. Overall a great social experience. The ambience was relaxing with dimmed lighting however, could get a bit noisy with the music and crowd going on a busy night. Originally from Hawaii, I was delighted to know our waitress(Randi) was also from the islands; can't go wrong with Hawaiian hospitality. The menu was pretty diversed. We decided to try a variety of options on:Spicy crab roll--- light and freshly. Wonderfully accented by the shiso. Chawan mushi --- shrimp was cooked perfectly loved the combination of unagi and shiitake however, have had better at Gordon Ramsays West Hollywood!!!Rock shrimp tempura--- nothing specatular, would've loved to have it seasoned with curry powder.Miso Cod--- To die for! a must have, perfectly marinated and cooked. Having just enough of the charred flavor.Oxtail Fried Rice--- Easy to see why this is a signature. Just packed with beefy goodness (which also includes little creamy bits of marrow.. YUM!!!)Fried chicken--- A must was well! Nice and crisp and moist. Includes breast, thigh, wings, and drummettes. Well seasoned with a mild spice and served with a honey wasabi glaze. Desserts were grand as well. Chocolate bruno with green tea ice cream was rich but, delicious. Bread pudding was possibly the best i've yet come acrossed and its ginger ice cream was yummers!!!Overall great first experience!
4	Late night dining options in the Cosmopolitan led us to Blue Ribbon.  The casual environment made it easy to get into the groove of sake and sushi sampling.  We were pleasantly surprised by the variety of retro sounds playing for patrons. 15 minutes into our meal our table was ready to get up and start boogying down! Our server was spot on with his recommendations, some of which we never would have selected.  The bone marrow was different, but very tasty. The tuna and hamachi sashimi choices were mouth watering. Next came the spicy tuna roll and a roll wrapped in cucumber which was outstanding. The fried chicken was supposed to be one of their best dishes and it was! So light, crispy, juicy and with the perfect amount of spice.  The Red Dragon Sake and the unfiltered Sake (can't remember the name) were the best that we've ever had.  Be willing to dish out for these people.  The cocktails were top notch as well.  It turned out to be a perfect late night start for our first night in Vegas.  We will definitely come back to this restaurant next time we are in Vegas.
5	The bone marrow was soo good and fattening it just melts in ur mouth. I had the famous fried chicken that everyone was raving about but unfortunately, that didnt impress me. the bone marrow was the best dish in the restaurant.  Definitely will come back just for that.
5	Delicious. We were uncertain as to what we wanted to order so we asked our waiter what to get. He ended up just bringing us some delicious entrees. We had a lot of the spicy tuna dishes and the warm dishes, of course I can't remember what they were now, but SO delicious!!!! Everything they brought us was extremely fresh and had a lot of flavor. They brought us some kind of tuna sashimi with a bit of a carpaccio tasting thing, so good.Every single thing we had was fantastic.Go here, you won't be disappointed. Great ambiance with great service. :)
4	After a concert at the Cosmopolitan, my wife and I decided to try Blue Ribbon at midnight (on saturdays it closes at 2am!) and we were beyond satisfied with their service and attention. Initially we were told we had an approximate 45min wait but in reality we waited about 20mins. Our waiter took his time to go through the large menu and even gave some of his recommendations while the entire restaurant was bustling with people. We took his advise and tried it. IT WAS BEYOND "YUMMY" (my wife's saying). Will say that it is not THE BEST EVER but it was good enough to return
3	this place wasn't all that. we've had better sushi, and our waitress sucked. she came by our table three times and for all those three times my water glass was empty and she didn't fill it once. i had to ask someone else. she didn't really know what she was talking about and she never delivered us our food.
5	This place is awesome. Try the filet with the japanese sweet potatoes. This is my second time here and they were unfortunately sold out of them but then again it's one of the busiest weekends in Vegas. Ryan was our server he was very attentive to my food allergy and took amazing care of all of us. Make sure to ask for him when you come here best server ever!
5	My wife and I loved this place. Fried chicken, awesome. Rice, lobster asparagus and black truffle, to die for. Suzie, the server, new the answer to everything. Managers all working the room. Talking to, and helping with service. Don't miss the Ginger bread Pudding for dessert. Good stuff here.
3	The only thing good that we ordered from this place was the blaked clams and the kobe beef fried rice. Stick to nobu instead
4	I swore I wouldn't have sushi in Vegas (easy enough to get at home).  What did I do?  I had sushi in Vegas after having far too many drinks earlier in the day.The ambiance of the place is awesome.  It's a large space but the lighting made it feel small and intimate.  For such a modern design there was a lot of wood and traditional Japanese elements.  My boyfriend and I decided to sit at the sushi bar.  Edamame came quickly and was cooked just right (just a little crunchy with a touch of salt).  I decided to eat the tamago (sweet egg), since my stomach was full of booze.  I was surprised to find my order looked like a tamago sandwich, with the rice between two layers of egg.  The soy sauce, which was actually tamari (2 year old soy sauce), was some of the most flavorful soy sauce I had.  I barely needed a few drops to complement my tamago.Next time I'm at the Cosmopolitan, I'm going to Blue Ribbon Sushi on an empty stomach.
3	I was still quite hungry after leaving Jaleo, so I stopped by here next door since I was still in the mood for sushi.  The prices for the rolls here are a bit steep, but the quality and presentation is actually quite good.  Though, if you had to tell me that box sushi was just rectangular maki, I probably wouldn't have cared.The service and the atmosphere were pretty decent, as is to follow the modernism of the Cosmo.
3	I sat at the sushi bar and ordered the omakase. I was told that it was too much food, a first for me. The chef recommended a smaller size chef special and I agreed. This meal consisted of a sashimi set including a very nicely presented sashimi of an entire fish. There was also a sushi set and a sushi roll. The price was reasonable for the quantity of food and everything tasted very good but I was still a bit hungry and I ordered 6 more pieces of sushi. The price of 6 pieces of sushi was half of what the entire chef special was. I won't be taking any stars off for the price as I knew what it was going in but this is precisely the reason I chose to eat at cheaper sushi places with inconsistent fish quality over restaurants that seem to set their prices by rolling the dice. My real complaint was that when each of my courses were presented to me I wasn't told what fish I was getting. This is normally not an issue for me as I can recognize most of the fish that I eat. However, blue ribbon does have a large fish selection and so I had no idea what half the fish I ate were. This is an oversight by blue ribbon that should be corrected. I would come back here but would only order the omakase, regular $200 version or the smaller for half the price.
1	EVERYTHING is sooooo expensive! And that would be fine if they put fish on your rolls. All we got were rolls of rice with stains of pink which they tried to pass off as tuna rolls. After me and one other spent 75 dollars for mini rice rolls, we went and got some burgers. Don't go to this stupid place.
1	20 years dinning at sushi restaurants and this place makes the list as the most destructive.  I cater sushi, been making it for 20 years, buy fish from all over the world.  Blue Ribbon is an establishment whose sole agenda is to con you into spending $200+ for a basic meal.  It's Vegas, likely your pumped up on adrenaline or alcohol and you do not notice a serving of $8 salmon is ONE PIECE.  Normally it is two pieces.  $16 for an average serving of farm raised salmon is a crime.  Most I have seen it, wild, primo, is $8.  I can buy super premium salmon from New Zealand for $20/lb, that is 16 $8 servings at Blue Ribbon !!!  For better fish !!!!!What I have expressed so far is just the beginning of YOUR bad experience here.  The Sake appeared to be watered down with added sugar.  I make my own Sake, I understand the product.  And a GLASS of Sake is a SHOT GLASS for $15.  This is also a crime against the customer.In addition what I ordered was not delivered.  The chef serves the profit, NOT YOU, and when confronted BS's you into shutting up.  Except in my case I understand Japanese food.This place should be avoided at all cost.  You will wake up in the morning upset and feeling used - because you WERE USED.  I have never been taken advantage of more then this scam house.  My experience in Vegas was damaged.
3	I was excited to see a sushi restaurant in the Cosmo...and one that I'm familiar with.  I've been to this restaurant at their NYC location years ago and it was great experience.  My coworker & I ordered -  Live Scallop SashimiIkuraHamachiO-ToroUni - also a must order if you love...so fresh!MirugaiTiger Roll - must order!  Roasted ShishitoGinger Bread Pudding - surprisingly deliciousService was ok, kinda felt abandoned towards the end of our dinner but overall it was good food.  Most of the fish was fresh but I've had better.
5	This place is sooooo good. I'm an avid sushi eater and once the waiter placed that tuna sashimi in front of my friend and I we were literally drooling. Everything was delicious and service was awesome. The sushi chefs are such dorks and really entertaining. But take into consideration I ate here in my party clothes at like 2 a.m after stepping out of Marquee to get a bite, but I would definitely come back again for a nice dinner. It's a bit pricey, but for the quality it's well worth it. It was so fresh it's like they just caught it 5 minutes before and then served it to me.
3	I came here with a large group. The staff seemed irritated that we had such a large group, but we did call ahead and make sure they could take us. Not being a sushi fan, I ordered the un-fried rice, which was excellent but definitely enough for two or more. Like everything in Vegas, pretty spendy, but I could see how if you liked sushi and wanted a splurge it would be a great place to go. (I had 2 cocktails and the un-fried rice and my bill was over $70.)
3	I went to Blue Ribbon Sushi expecting really good japanese food and I was already expecting the outrageously high prices.  I found that the food was all pretty good, but not amazing.  The sashimi was all very fresh, but not very impressive as for the taste.  Toranoko in Los Angeles has much better food at about half the price.  Here is what I had:Ox tail fried rice-  ok/averageBone Marrow- very goodFried Chicken- very averageFried oyster roll - ok- couldnt taste the oystersLobster roll- goodshort ribs- averageI also had about 6-7 sashimi  dishes, presentation was good, but nothing was memorable.  Overall, the food was good , but not worth $125 a person.But if you are in Vegas and your looking for a beautiful trendy Japanese restaurant, Blue RIbbon may be your choice.
1	Just ate there last night and wish I hadn't wasted the $$$. What an overpriced experience for ok fish. Outrageous to pay $7 for one single thin slice of sashimi. Would go anywhere next time than blue ribbon ever again. Service was good, but I want reasonably priced sushi or if I am paying those prices I want to be amazed not underwhelmed by mediocre fish. Thank G-d my girlfriend really loves me because last night could have been a deal killer at this restaurant.
5	One of my favorite restaurants on the strips well when I win from gambling ;) pricey but you are at the Cosmo so that's a given. Laid back and chill atmosphere, awesome staff and friendly chefs.Must try - bone marrow, bone marrow fried rice, wagyu beef pieces and the sashimi!They are also known for their chicken, won awards in NY. Many people do not know that this is their 3rd location and the only one outside NY.If you are daring enough they have an extensive selection of sake!
3	Very average sushi that's perfectly fine, but they should lower the prices to fit the quality or offer much better sushi as their prices are pretty high.  I was dining alone, so ordered the sushi sampler and dynamite, which is covered in masago which I love, but if you're not, ask them to go easy.  Great service.
1	Worst Japanese restaurant I've ever been to. The food quality is expected with the pricing. My main complaint would be the service from this restaurant. My friends and I decided to try out the restaurant for Thanksgiving weekend. We ordered our food at around 11:20pm got most of our orders 20-30 mins later. My gf and I waited for almost an hour and a half for our order. At an hour of wait, we had put in a complaint to cancel our order due to the long wait. The waiter reassured us the order was already ready to be served. Twenty minutes later, we were still waiting for our meal. After three complaints to the server, I was so upset that I asked for the manager. It wasn't until 10 minutes when the manager finally ponder over to our table. The first words he said were: " Everyone having a good time? How's the meal tonight?" Okay...obviously he already knows about the situation and was trying to test the water. I explained to him why we were so upset, he apologized then immediately walks off. About 20 minutes later, he comes back and announces that the late orders were on the house. To be honest, I had expected high quality service from a restaurant like this. The attitude we had to experience from the server and manager were beyond my disappointment. We should have received an immediate apology not only from the horrible service but also for the horrible wait and overall experience. This restaurant does not deserve a 5 stars even with the good food. I would highly recommend anyone who wants to have an enjoyable time in vegas to go somewhere else. Our bill came out to be around $600 bucks. The food was acceptable but not worth the price.We ordered: Dragon roll: Just like any other dragon roll..nothing specialMiso Soup ( regular and mushroom): $7-8 Not worth it either..the soup came w/ the paste outside..you had to add it in yourself. The soup isn't warm after mixing the paste in. $150 Plate of sushi: Really good exotic fish but I've had better. Steak : Too hard..I would recommend getting steak at a steak house like Joe's seafood. Baked Tuna: wasn't too great. The tuna came out a little hard. That was all I could remember from the  night.
3	I had a chance to try this well anticipated restaurant during the opening.  The restaurant has an excellent atmosphere and great music.  Seatings were very comfortable and laid back.  But as a sushi bar, I didn't like the rolls that much; as they were filled with way too much rice.  Nonetheless, the sashimi dishes were fresh. I've heard fried chicken is their speciality but unfortunately it was all sold out that night.Overall, I probably won't return again unless we have a group dinner for reunion or something.
3	fried chicken.. meat is moist but a bit bland.. skin has a nice, light crunch and good flavor.. the wasabi honey that comes on the side is just okOxtail fried rice is good but unspectacularfriendly service
4	I've been here a few times and loved some of the dishes. I need to write them down, as that's the point of making these review for myself -- so I remember what I want to order. I need help Shecky.  The oxtail rice is good, but didn't enjoy it as much as everyone else. Casual and "upscale" at the same time. Nice environment.
2	Thomas T. thinks Blue Ribbon is an "absolutely world class" dining experience?! Yeah RIGHT. I went there this weekend for a birthday dinner with two other girls (quite a small group, especially for Vegas). Made a reservation for 9:30. Waited for forty-five minutes to be seated. Got seated at a weird boothy table that was way too big for three people and was positioned directly under what can only be described as an arctic chill blasting from a vent above us. Ordered the salmon tartare, spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll, and a spicy crab roll. I'm not a sushi chef, but I can't imagine it takes that long to make that - yet it took almost a hour. The portions were TINY and way overpriced. The real cherry on top was our waitress, who was pretty much MIA the whole night, but decided to pop in after we ate and tell me that my friends had ordered a dessert for me ahead of time for my birthday. Thanks galpal! Maybe they have a different definition for surprise over at Blue Ribbon. The only redeeming thing was the dessert itself - the most rich, perfectly decadent without over doing it, melt in your mouth chocolate cake. Noms. Moral of the story: if you want to pay ridiculous amounts of money to eat tiny pieces of raw fish and get poor service, Blue Ribbon is for you! Seriously though, just go get that dessert.
4	We decided to come and spend a birthday dinner here on the word of a friend. She was right. The food is tasty! The server we had was fresh and friendly! She steared us in the most amazing direction of a DELISH bottle of sake! Wow, I am still thinking about how good that was.The edamame was perfect. Shared the thin sliced tuna with jalepeno! (It was yum)We opted for the platter of sashimi with a couple requests! I have to say that the choices we were given we a great blend with each other piece and the other things we ordered.The octopus was yumThe hamachi was so good and smoothLike other people have said, this is an expensive place. Worth it but pricey. Don't go in on an empty stomach and think you are going to walk away with a full tummy and not have an empty wallet!Great place for a small group.
1	december 2011We've stopped by this restaurant attracted by the classy look. We were expecting a high price and from this point of view we were not let down.However, with the experience of sushi from Japan and being a frequent sushi eater in california, the quality was absolutely NOT matching the price.First of all, sashimi does not come in thin slices.Second, 8-15$ for ONE piece, where everyone else in the world serves TWO pieces of sashimi per order, is definitely making fun  of customers.Third: you want to pretend (yes pretend) to be an upper class japanese restaurant with high prices and yet you serve thin slices of farmed salmon for 8.5$?Farmed salmon? seriously? You can easily find much better places, quality wise and pricewise.Honestly I will not suggest any of my friends to go there. This place in my opinion is pretentiously overrated and robbing customers.
5	First of all, the ambience is so relaxing I could have fallen asleep! The service was amazing! The sushi blew our minds. We really loved this place. It was our favorite meal while we were in Las Vegas.
5	Oh my god! This place was awesome! Great food, great drinks, great service. My bf always know where to take us and when we told my bf's friend we just sat down at blue ribbon,he couldn't turn away. I will definately come back!
2	After the bf got into a belligerent argument when he tried to cut some dudes in the line for the "secret" pizza place in the Cosmopolitan, we decided to stumble over to the next place we could find. This was obviously a mistake but after a few hours of black jack at Bill's, I was drunk and ravenous. Although the food wasn't terrible, it wasn't very good and that's saying a lot when your drunk and starving. I had some chicken dish (obviously not memorable) and the bf had sushi (which came to over $30 for two rolls) Also, our waiter was weird...real weird. Bottom line is that this place is mediocre and over-priced. With so many great restaurants in Vegas, I wish we took the $150 we spent here and had a better dinner out.
5	I was recently in Vegas for a day and a half during a cross-country road trip.  The whole day in Vegas had been pretty ho hum (we did see Cirque du Soleil's Mystere, which was AWESOME, but that was at night!), and I'll admit, I was secretly counting the hours until our departure.  Sorry, I'm just not much of a Vegas gal, I prefer the outdoors to the nightlife any day.  Anyhoo, we went to dinner at Blue Ribbon because it was connected to our hotel, and allowed us to get to our Cirque show w/o being late.  Expectations were that we would get mediocre food but pay a lot.  They are a $$$$ place after all.  Was I wrong!  Seriously, aside from the Cirque show being phenomenal later that night, the best part of the day was our meal at Blue Ribbon!  The food was incredible.  I thoroughly enjoyed my appetizer of tofu & seaweed.  The ginger touch to such a simple dish was amazing.  My friend, who's a BIG fan of spice, asked for a couple of hot dips to be served w/his meal.  I wish I knew what the names were, but there was one that was on the creamy side, and mixed w/my tofu seaweed salad, it was just dancing in my mouth.  I also had an order of their avocado vegetable rolls and absolutely LOVED it.  They were so fresh and flavorful, hands down the best of any avocado rolls I've ever had!  For my entree I was on the fence between ordering their wild mushroom roast or getting a few plates of different vegetable rolls.  Our server convinced me to get their wild mushroom roast.  I had a bite of it after having an incredible appetizer and the best avocado rolls, so it just fell a bit short.  It was also a tad on the greasy side and just not in sync with the rest of my meal.  My friend told me to send it back, something I've never done, but glad he suggested it.  What ended up happening was I asked our server if it was possible to swap the mushroom roast (more expensive) for just another order of avocado rolls (waay cheaper), and I was willing to pay the price of the mushroom roast.  I told him I just really loved the avocado rolls and was hoping to have more of them.  He was sooo nice and obliged this request and not only did the swap, but he took out the mushroom roast from the bill and just charged me for the avocado rolls, which was super cool.From this meal on, the rest of the time in Vegas was a whole lot better, and left a good taste in my mouth.  If you're in Sin City, I'd say this is definitely worth giving a try, you'll leave full (but not stuffed!), and more than content.  Oh, and I forgot to mention, service is also terrific!
4	Come here often and never let down by anything.  Staff is very friendly.  Service is good.  Food is top quality and expensive but what would you expect being that it's inside the Cosmopolitan?  They produce their very own soy sauce so think about that when you taste it.  It definitely isn't the stuff you find at the market.  Oxtail rice dish, freshest uni, chicken wings, bone marrow,  bread pudding, oyster shooters, and assortment of sashimi are my favorites. Make sure to get reservations in early because they are typically booked solid.
3	since us girls love jap cusine and stayed at the Cosmo, naturally we had to try this place. It's right outside of Marquee on the top floor so if that's where you are headed...we ordered a bunch of rolls, wagyu beef with a lovely presentation...sadly, it had no taste =[  the beef stew fried rice was great though. sashimi is ordered in singular slices. Our cocktails were strong enough but not over bearing. our bill came out to $70 per person times four. it's not bad considering it's Vegas/Japan food and on a Saturday night. Oh yah, the place is very savvy/contemporary and dark.
4	Great place. I love sushi and am a a complete snob when it comes to the cuisine.Blue Ribbon was a memorable experience from pre-dinner drinks through some apps at the table, some sake, and omakase.If you are in a group and OK spending money on good sushi, the omakase is a good way to go, ordering every single item a la carte takes a while to figure out what you want. With Omakase, the chef does all of the work.Service was fantastic. They offered to split our omakase into two deliveries so we could enjoy a little bit of a longer meal and also not have to have our table crowded.The Cosmopolitan hotel is incredible and this is a great place to spend an evening.
5	The best fried chicken anywhere!!! It's found under the Fryer and Tempura section of the menu and is referred to as "Blue Ribbon style".Although the restaurant serves predominantly sushi, on my last 2 visits to Vegas, I made sure I dropped by for this unique dish. You get 3 large pieces of chicken that have the most amazing (non-greasy) crispy and tasty coating. Once you bite through the skin, you're met with an explosion of tender white juicy meat. You can dip the chicken in the Wasabi and honey sauce (it comes with) but I find the chicken stands very well on its own. Well, it doesn't literally stand on its own but you know what I mean. The Cosmopolitan is worth a visit just for this treat alone. Oh yes, the service is friendly and prompt, and, I love watching the sushi "maker" guys while I wait (and salivate) for my fried chicken!!!A half bottle of red wine and fried chicken. That's sinful, isn't it?
3	I've been meaning to try Blue Ribbon for some time now and finally, on this first trip to Vegas in the new year, I was able to find a night to head out to Blue Ribbon, made much easier as we were guests at the Cosmopolitan. We had 7PM reservations on a Thursday and when we arrived the sushi bar was empty, we decided to take our seats there, I prefer sitting at the sushi bar.. I love to sit at the bar and watch the chefs work. After a short wait, our waitress came over, handed us a menu and served us our water. The restaurant decor is very "woodsy" with dark wooden sculptures of waves running down the walls. A larger chefs table sits just inside the restaurant on the far side of the bar and past this opens to the full restaurant. I found, like with many of the restaurants on this floor at the Cosmo, that the ambiance and the noise are at odds with each other. The music is turned up way too loud, making is hard to have a conversation. After sometime our waitress returned and we ordered a Samurai beer (the name eludes me right now) and the Kanpachi Usuzukuri (Amberjack w/yuzu pepper) and the Beef Marrow, both were spectacular. I found the usuzukuri to be far superior to the one I had at Nobu here in LV and the beef marrow was perfectly seasoned with little challah toasts that held the marrow without becoming soggy. My only issue with the bone marrow is I wished that they had a proper spoon for it, the one they served it with was much too large and made it difficult to extract the yummy goodness, but that's what fingers are made for, right?We also ordered several sushi, including a the Blue Ribbon roll, the KANI SUNOMONO,  ENOKI & HAMACHI and of course, some uni (because I can't resist uni). I have to say, apart from the uni, I wasn't very impressed. The rolls were unevenly filled, different sizes and just not all that appealing. Not exactly what I would expect as the rolls don't come cheap. Overall, I liked the appetizers, but I wouldn't come back here for sushi. I think the next time we're at the Cosmopolitan, we might try it again, but stick to their late-night menu,
5	This place is delicious and the best sushi in town. Is pricey but has great atmosphere and food.
1	Pros:. Comfy chairs and nice decorCons:. Waaaaay over priced for the portion size and quality of foodWhen we first got there and got seated, the waiter asked if we wanted edamame or miso soup.. we thought that it was free cuz sushi places do that sometimes.. so we all said miso soup. When the soup came out, it wasn't even ready.. they gave you a bowl of hot water and tofu and the miso paste separately. We had to mix the paste into the hot water ourselves which I thought was kinda lame since it was supposed to be a fancier restaurant.Later when we got the bill, it was almost $200 (this was between 4 people)! We were all shocked cuz we didn't even order that much food. The miso soup was actually $7 each. It was totally not worth it. The food overall was alright. Honestly, nothing special at all. I've definitely had better... I'll never come back to this place, but if you must, I say get the ox tail fried rice cuz it was very different and pretty tasty, otherwise! Don't waste your money here.
5	Unbelievable food and service. Honey wasabi dipping sauce is to die for. Japanese and soul food fusion... who could ask for anything better! Definitely a must when in Vegas.
3	Superbowl Weekend. Vegas.Blue Ribbon. I'm glad to see a New York staple make it out to the west coast. One of my favorite places in NYC, but lost a little somethin upon it's arrival in Vegas. We did family style for our group of 12, and sampled a bit of everything in the private room in the back. Service was decent and they kept the flow of food and drinks nicely.
5	In an effort to try something outside of our normal Vegas dining at Sushi Samba we found this place because we wanted to dine at the Cosmopolitan. Made an "Open Table" reservation and found our way up to the gorgeous 3rd floor of the hotel. We began with the sashimi salad which was assorted sashimi slices on butter lettuce wraps.  The fish was nice and fresh. Great start! Tried the Blue Ribbon Roll but I'm not a caviar kinda girl so I don't think I'll try it again, a bit salty for my palate. We wanted to try their famous fried chicken and our waiter was kind enough to suggest ordering the chicken wings- made with the same batter as the fried chicken entree, less quantity and less money, nice! If you're late-night dining, wait for their menu special that begins at 10pm- order the beef skewers! They have a tasty Japanese beer "Koshihikari Echigo" that we were very impressed with! The staff was on their A-Game, attentive, courteous and charming. Good job Blue Ribbon, we're hooked!
5	Some of the best sushi on the strip!  Miso soup served traditionally where you add your own miso.  But adding thei signature fried chicken is a must.  Very well done with their honey wasabi sauce is a "gotta try it". Staff is very friendly and helpful as expected.
2	We had dinner at Blue Ribbon during Restaurant Week 2012.  First off I have to say - the service was super friendly and our waiter was funny and knowledgeable about everything on the menu from food to sake. Personally, I think he was the best part of the meal.After checking out the prix fixe menu choices for RW, I decided on getting the Cream Of Chinese Broccoli Soup with blue crab, the Spicy Tuna Roll, the Seared Ono and Ginger Bread Pudding. The soup was nice, served in an earthen-ware crock garnished with cilantro and topped with what I think the waiter said cilantro cream. Thick and comforting, with the chinese broccoli giving it a deep green color and big presence.  The chunks of blue crab were large enough and tasty enough to be a nice foil against the dense broccoli flavors.  Very nice little soup.The Spicy Tuna Roll was small, but good.  Nothing mind-bendingly stellar, but good.  The Ono was served beautifully seared and topped with cucumber, cilantro and red onions in a tart-sweet vinegary broth.  The serving was super generous and the fish done perfectly.  Good dish overall, but the flavors were a bit watery I found.  My husband got the fried chicken with honey wasabi dipping sauce - and when I tasted his sauce, it seemed watery to me as well.  I guess I'm just a gal that likes bigger, bolder flavors.The  biggest downside was the clientele.  I knew this was a casual restaurant going in - and thought it would be a cool place to check out after work that doesn't require dressing to the nines.  The space is nicely decorated, modern and hip - but the two-tops are so close together that we could readily hear the, ehem, "businessmen" next to us loudly discussing the way  to success - with one giving the other advice so that he didn't get his "d*ck whacked" - amongst other doucheyness.  Really???Good excuse for checking out the Cosmopolitan finally - but for the top tier price of $50.12 a person I've had much better Restaurant Week meals and experiences elsewhere.
4	I've been a couple of times, once in a small party and in a large party, both times were great with service and of course the sushi.  The group I was with ordered mostly rolls on both visits and everyone loved it from Tiger, Blue Ribbon, Spicy Crab, Kaki Fri,  and Dragon.  The unique roll I loved the most was the Kaki Fri which was fried oysters and lettuce, this was the by far the most distinctive roll I tried.  One roll which seems interesting since it has caviar would be the Blue Ribbon but I found it to be somewhat bland which is disappointing given it was the most expensive of those we ordered.  I loved the ambiance and even if you have a larger party the partitions between tables in the back make it seem as though you're alone.  I certainly plan on visiting again.
1	Do I recommend Blue Ribbon Sushi?  Sure - if you enjoy soggy sushi, unpleasantly rancid "fresh" fish, a lackluster atmosphere, and poor service from the beginning to end of your meal!For a swanky-looking restaurant in my favorite hotel in Vegas, I was utterly surprised and disappointed in the food I was served.  This is by far one of the worst sushi restaurants I've ever been to.
2	I don't mind spending lots of money on food, but if it's supposedly top-notch food, but does not taste like it's worth, I get preeeetty unhappy. Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar & Grill isn't so "blue ribbon-y." I think it's just a hype.The oxtail fried rice was so-so. It's so simple to make. The sushi rolls were so basic and one-bite sized. NOT WORTH IT!The beef bone marrow was mediocre. It was served with bread. I felt like I would have an instant heart attack if I finished the dish myself. Their fried chicken was good!All in all, I found the atmosphere of the restaurant a lot more Japanese than the food.
4	Nice atmosphere, good service and good quality sushi and if you like steaks try the 9 oz. filet! great steak for a sushi joint! Awesome Gingerbread Pudding for Dessert!
3	Fish was overall good but did not taste very fresh and is not worth the price.  Very good service.
4	I'm not someone who blows a lot of dough on these overpriced restaurants in the strip hotels, but this time, it was a paid meal for a business meeting with only 3 people, so I jumped at the opportunity to try this place out as the Cosmo's restaurants seem to maintain high quality although overpriced as expected.  I would usually sit at the counter and talk to the chef, but my party was 3 and they were already seated at the table, so I went with the flow.  When I first read about the blue ribbon restaurants originating in NYC opened by a couple of jewish restauranteurs...I wasn't so sure about this place.  Besides, no authentic sushi chef would ever name their sushi restaurant "blue ribbon".  However, my worries were whisked away as soon as I opened the menu filled with mostly old school sushi and appetizers.  Yeah, there were a few fru-fru rolls and wagyu just so that non-sushi eating americans can still enjoy the meal, but the menu was appealing and mouthwatering for the most part.  When going to a sushi restaurant, it's always best to go with "omakase".  I talked to the waiter who really couldn't tell me that much about the omakase, so I asked who the Japanese sushi chefs were, and 3 out of the 4 chefs at the tsukeba were Japanese (a good sign), and the waiter led me to the head sushi chef.  So I asked what his recommendations were today, which were botan-ebi, uni, aji, and sakuradai...very good, and when I asked him if those would be included in the omakase and he confirmed, so I went with the $100 omakase.  He seemed a bit surprised that I spoke to him in Japanese as I was in a group with 2 caucasians, but it's always good to talk to the chef in Japanese to: 1) make sure that the chef is Japanese and 2) to let them know that you are Japanese because really... you can't screw around with Japanese customers who know their stuff.  We started out with some Kumamoto oysters on the half shell with ponzu....excellent (not part of omakase), and then we got a HUGE plate of sashimi consisting of: uni, ikura,, scallops, sakura-dai, aji, hirame, seared salmon, blue fin tuna, isaki, hamachi, and botan-ebi (I may have missed a couple).  This was pretty impressively presented on a plate that must have been about 2 feet long.  It was an omakase order for 2 people.  The waiter actually asked us if we wanted two identical plates or one big plate with more varieties and I was glad that we went with the latter.  It was truly a HUGE spread and every sashimi was impressively fresh and delicious.  I was especially surprised that they had a quite a bit of white fish, which is more of an acquired taste as you are tasting more of the amino acid/protein rather than fat.   I feel that talking to the chef beforehand had something to do with that, as most Americans would not know what they were eating and probably wouldn't have enjoyed it as much.  Then we had a large sushi plate with blue fin tuna, kanpachi, salmon, giant clam, king crab legs, spicy crab roll and some other fancy roll.  Overall, excellent sushi/sashimi with a quality that surpassed my expectations.  I would have preferred to have had a few more nigiri's instead of those Americanized rolls, but I would say that it was an excellent meal overall  As for pricing...$100+tax+tip seems a bit on the expensive side.  Would I go back on my own dime?  Hmmm.....that's hard to say, but I'd rather spend $100 on what I ate today than $100 on an overpriced steak restaurant on every other big casino on the strip.  If there is a next time, I would sit at the counter and have my nigiri made one at a time while talking with the chef.  That's how sushi should be eaten.
3	Sushi was pretty good, but the fried chicken looked good. Yes. I said fried chicken.
2	when i first saw the price of $5 for sushi, i was shocked.  i thought "that's really reasonable"!  then they bring the sushi.  the $5 was for 1 piece!!!  i kinda thought that was the case being in vegas and all, but the menu didn't specify, and i guess i was just hoping.  the only way i would eat here again is if the meal was free, which it was in this case, so overall, it was okay.  i'd pay $$$ for quality sushi, but the food here didn't blow me away.  decent, but definitely not worth the price.  vegas, or no vegas.service was pretty good.
4	Came here for dinner in January with a couple of co-workers for CES and one of them wanted to try the "Blue Ribbon Special" as it was noted as one of the best fried chicken in the states to try! It was a crowded restaurant and we had no reservations but was given the option to sit at the sushi bar, waited about 5 mins and was seated quickly. Our server was really nice and attentive! Stars for that!On to the food,  We ordered a special unagi sushi roll, smoke pork belly kabob appetizers, the blue ribbon fried chicken with wasabi and honey dipping sauce and of course dessert! Whoa! It was satisfying on all levels! It was shared among all of 3 of us (1 roll, 2 pork belly kabobs, and not one but 2 blue ribbon specials) - great eats! Chicken was perfectly fried, moist in the inside and seasoned well. Dip them babies in the sauce and have steamed jasmine rice on the side was just heaven! It's got to be one of the best fried chicken I've ever had! ;) The smoked pork belly kabobs was smokey and a good starter..the unagi special roll I think we could have done without was your average roll you can get anywhere...but if you are in town, the blue ribbon chicken is a must try! Did I mention the chicken was perfect and was it mentioned here enough? LolOk ok on to dessert, green tea ice cream was yummy. The chocolate mousse/bomb that we ordered was way to thick and extremely decadent..overkill to our delicious meal, my friend ordered the banana split and it was ok...at the end of all this good eats - come for the fried blue ribbon chicken, it was THAT good!  All in all the entire score would be a 4.5 stars...lost a half a point on dessert and price of overall meal...I would definitely be back and will make reservations and just come for the fried chicken!!! All else can be grabbed elsewhere ;)
2	I was disappointed with this Vegas restaurant. First, since I was by myself, I sat at the bar. Got great service, but slightly slow for the busy-ness of the restaurant. I should have trusted my waiter, who stated that the Oxtail Udon soup was pretty salty. Overall, it was way too salty, lacking in flavor, and disappointing as an entree. I then got the 12 piece sashimi, which was overall, lacking in freshness and flavor. Top it off with the fact that this restaurant is ridiculously expensive, and the fact that I had severe gastrointestinal distress within 1-2 hours didn't help it win any stars either.
4	Yes, this place is pricey. Nope, it's not as good as Nobu. That being said, it is tasty and a great option if you're staying at the Cosmo. Their specialty is actually fried chicken. We ordered this as an appetizer (which was quite upsetting to our waiter.. apparently we messed with the rules and should have eaten this last). I don't like wasabi, so I couldn't enjoy the wasabi honey they give you to pour over it, but I still very much appreciated this well executed perfectly crisp fried chicken. The most expensive fried chicken I've ever eaten.. not sure it was the "best", but definitely worth getting if you're a fried chicken person. The other highlight for me was the crab and truffle fried rice.. YUM. I also enjoyed the blue crab california roll, although it was allegedly "inside out", but was not in fact "inside out", so the sushi brat side of me was a bit disappointed by this. We were with a big group at a business dinner and ended up trying ever dessert on the menu. WOW for a sushi spot, they had killer desserts!I will have to go back and try some sashimi to give this place a more fair review.. in the meantime Nobu remains my favorite spot for high dollar sushi, but the varied menu here is sure to please sushi fans and the sushi-phobic alike. A nice option if you are staying in City Center or with a group that wants a variety.
2	Not my favorite place. I went here with my sis and we split the veggie roll and another shrimp tempura roll and edamame beans. We didnt like any of it. The service was pretty good but other than all of the waters and bartenders being drop dead gorgeous i would not go back for food..
4	Yum! Food good waitress slow.
2	Nice place, sushi had a bland taste.
5	This place is awesome!! The food is fresh and worth every penny. We went twice and loved everything we tried. Make sure you get the fried chicken.
4	Went here when it first opened and said i would never go back!  However i did go back and it was much much better! Very good and will go back again specifically for the meatballs and quail egg shots (not on menu).  Given the only downside is with drinks the bill was about $250 a person.  Well worth it though.
4	Nice atmosphere! Great food! Tuna appetizer was exceptional, as was the cucumber drink.
3	3.5 stars - good sushi and fantastic presentation. Creativity / Presentation: 5-starAuthenticity: 3-starSashimi: 3.5-starService: 4-starValue: 3-starCame here on business with 2 colleagues who enjoy sushi and 1 who does not. Luckily, Blue Ribbon offers good options for non-sushi diners. The chawan mushi (steamed egg custard) was amazingly delicate and well-done, although I couldn't taste the unagi. Seaweed salad is delicious and comes in a generous portion. The seasonal vegetable was bok choy, which was fresh and simply prepared.We split the Blue Ribbon Platter (omakase) among 3 of us, which was the perfect amount. Surprisingly they didn't have super-white tuna (personal favorite) and sweet ebi (shrimp). Albacore was delicious, anago (baby eel) was incredible (topped with avocado), red snapper was surprisingly good. Yellowtail and salmon were decent. Blue Ribbon maki (lobster with black caviar) was decadent. Per my request, server had the chef include scallops (thinly sliced), which were beautifully presented in a jumbo clam. The platter was stunningly arranged.The 40 oz. bone-in ribeye for 2 is available in 20 oz. portion, paired with a generous serving of bok choy (large enough to share) and onion tempura. Colleague seriously enjoyed the ribeye, which is pre-sliced and nicely presented.Restaurant was fairly dead at 7pm on a Wed. night, which was surprising.Overall, the experience was good but didn't find it warranted its pricing.
1	I went here last weekend and our waiter was a COMPLETE JERK!  He made tons of rude remarks and smart comments.  Bad service and he adds big fat tip on there for himself bc we had party of 10 people.Food was just average.  I really wish I would haved listened to my friend and went to Sushi Samba.  Only reason we came here if bc we wanted to go to BOND afterwards.  Go elsewhere, for the price, you can find WAAAAAY better place with better food and better service!
5	I cannot rave about this place enough!! I am a cook and the executive chef at my restaurant was adamant about me going to Blue Ribbon if I was going to Vegas. So I did, and after I told myself if I ever got a Yelp account and could review a restaurant this would be it!All for good reason.Even being a cook, I haven't always been the most adventurous. In fact it wasn't until a few months back I started eating sushi.So even with a few nerves I stepped out of my comfort zone and tried everything from the eel to the beef bone marrow.Let me just say, I've eaten a considerable amount of meals- I'm not lying when I say it was literally the best meal I've ever had. And with food this good, a high price is expected and it was money well spent.5 stars, thank you for a great culinary experience!
1	1.5 stars out of 5The GF and I went to this sushi bar after a concert and we have never been so disappointed in a restaurant before.Food Quality: 1.5 starsService: 1.5 starsAmbiance: 1.5 starsThis restaurant serves overpriced sushi that ranges from mediocre to "not-bad" in quality. The service was nearly non-existent, and we almost had to tackle the waiters to get the check or even to place an order.Disclaimer: I live in Hawaii. We have the highest quality of seafood on the planet. Our sushi bars are some of the best in the country. We eat well and have high expectations of our seafood.If I lived in Kansas or Iowa and came to Blue Ribbon, I might be fooled into thinking that I was eating high-quality sushi based on the high-prices on the menu. After all, what standard would I have to measure Blue Ribbon Sushi against?BOOM! This restaurant just got nailed. The high-priced sushi served here is mediocre AT BEST when compared to what I've eaten for cheaper here at home. The fact that they had the nerve to pass this crap to us and then charge us so much is unacceptable, plain and simple.Here's what was ordered:2x Chu-Toro Nigiri1 Spicy Tuna roll w/ Tempura Flakes & Cucumber1 Blue Ribbon  w/ 1/2 Lobster, Shiso leaf & Black Caviar1 YellowFin Ahi CollarFOOD QUALITY - STRIKE 1Chu-Toro is the 2nd highest quality of Bluefin Ahi out there. It should be fatty and full of flavor. The Chu-Toro that we received had  very little fat or flavor. It was almost as if it was previously frozen and later defrosted. The chefs should be ashamed to have served that crap to us at those prices!FOOD QUALITY - STRIKE 2The "Blue Ribbon" roll had thick pieces of lobster and shiso leaves stuffed in the middle of the roll. Topped with small amounts of Black Caviar. This was $29 for 8+ pieces. There was no flavor from the lobster and it was tough to chew. Also, when I eat caviar, there's some briny flavor (saltiness?) that's always present. This caviar had very little flavor at all. $29 for this?FOOD QUALITY - STRIKE 3Yellowfin Ahi Collar was served from the broiler but wasn't that flavorful. The GF said it was "OK but not spectacular" and I thought she was being generous. Let's just say that it wasn't horrible but the flavor left a lot to be desired.FOOD QUALITY - Consolation PrizeBelieve it or not, the spicy tuna roll was not bad. Spicy Tuna is usually considered garbage in higher end sushi establishments (I have been snootily told "We don't serve that here..." in one forgettable sushi bar). But the $14 Spicy Tuna & Tempura Flakes roll wasn't bad. In fact, I was surprised that it had more flavor than the flagship "Blue Ribbon" roll which was twice as expensive. This was the only thing that saved them from a 1 star for food quality.---SERVICE - Service was tough, and it really took effort to get someone to take your order. If I'm looking around the room with an empty table in front of me, wouldn't you want to see if I needed to order something? 15 minutes of wait staff walking past our table before I waved one down? Would someone PLEASE pass this on the wait staff at BR? Have them go down the way to Jaleo to see how a very attentive wait staff operates.---AMBIANCE - Lots of wood in their decor, and I liked it. What I didn't like was the LOUD POUNDING TECHNO that made conversation impossible... and we had just been to a concert earlier. The GF and I sat across each other and were no farther than 3 feet apart, yet we couldn't hear each other.True story - Since we were staying at the Cosmopolitan (where BR is located), I yelled this to the GF over the pounding music:"How about we try the Hot Tub after?"This is what she heard over the music:"Where can a guy take a dump at?"Needless to say, I was relieved that this wasn't a first date. After the GF stopped laughing, I asked for the check... but nearly had to tackle a waiter to ask for it.---Summary:You cannot serve poor quality fish at premium prices just because you're on the Las Vegas Strip. This is ridiculous, arrogant, and you'll look foolish if someone can get fantastic stuff at home.The BR owners need to be schooled by Chef Wong of Sushi ii on what excellent quality is. What we were served was unacceptable to cats.If the service was acceptable, I'd rate them higher... but they weren't. Tough.If the ambiance was lovely, I still wouldn't change a thing BECAUSE IT'S ALL ABOUT THE DAMN FOOD. It's nice to know that my GF was amused during dinner, however.I would ask for my money back but I'd be too ashamed to do so. Apparently, this restaurant has no such embarrassment when handing this food out to customers.If you reviewed this place with a high rating, I'm convinced you have no idea what good sushi is. Don't reward such a unacceptable restaurant when other worthy restaurants struggle for survival.
4	Amazing dinner with friends we had a great server! We were a group of 6 and we started with shishito peppers, miso soup and Edamame. We then were brought a New York sirloin strip (so stinking delicious) it melted in our mouths, we had lobster rolls, the fried chicken was done right! the wasabi sauce was so good. We also had a tiger roll and some amazing tuna shashimi
4	Really 3 1/2 but we'll give the final 1/2 to Sean, our waiter - just a personable and attentive.  We went in starving and started with the Shishito peppers and Negimaki - both were good.  We ordered a bottle of cedar barrel aged Taru sake (I wanted to try something new).  Definitely interesting - similar to other barrel aged things - like scotch or bourbon.  It took some getting used to - but good.  Round 2: Me Bachi Zuke - a quick seared tuna with garlic - and the Hotate - scallop shaved thin.  The tuna preparation was a little salty - and the scallop was solid.  Round 3: We finished with some sushi and the Tiger Roll and the Spicy Tuna with Tempura flakes.  These were the stand outs.  If you only order one thing, make it the Tiger roll.
3	Eh, Service was pretty bad and the food was only so so.  With so many options in Vegas, I'd probably never go back.
4	After a day at the pool and too many drinks, we were finally rested enough to venture out for some food.  We wanted something light and came across this sushi spot.  We ordered the shrimp dumplings, a seaweed salad, California rolls, spicy tuna rolls,the spicy crab rolls, a spicy tuna hand roll, and their ribs.  The shrimp dumplings were wrapped in a really good skin but the filling could have had a bit more flavor.  The ribs were good but after awhile a bit filling...our table wasn't too crazy about those.  They were a bit sweet for our taste, although I liked that they were super tender to the point of having the bone fall out.  Overall, we loved that the food tasted really fresh.  We could not stop talking about the food after!  The only downside to this place is it's PRICEY!  The cut rolls begin at $13 and you only get 6!  So keep that in mind when ordering!  All the portions are TINY.  But...it is Vegas, and at least it's good.  Also, the service seems a bit slow.  It took me awhile to be able to flag down our waiter for some chopsticks/dish for the soy sauce.  But the staff was very friendly and the music was pretty cool.  We will definitely be back.
1	The most expensive and mediocre sushi I have eaten. Coming from the Northwest and have eaten sushi there and in Japan, this place is no where near the quality compare to the places I have eaten in the NW and Japan.
4	The chicken and the honey wasabi sauce is like crack. Love going here for the fried chicken. It is a bit pricey so if you are going the chicken, go after 10pm for the late night specials. Took my girl there and she enjoyed the oxtail fried rice, which isn't bad but is very pricey compared to what you can get else where. Overall it's a nice environment to bring your date to and start your night. Sushi quality didn't equal the price but hey I just went for the chicken wings. Service was good. Be prepared to spend big if you like to eat a lot.
3	I came here because after a few nights in vegas and eating terrible food, my stomach was crying for some decent food. The atmosphere is very nice and servers are friendly. I was excited with the selection of fish they had. Not many sushi restaurants in the US have Isaki. Unfortunately they were out of them. I ordered shima-aji, hamachi, and sea urchin. They were all fresh and tasted very good. My only complaint is that the sushi is very narrow and skimping on the fish for the price. I've eaten sushi in Ginza Tokyo and Otaru Hokkaido. If I paid $10 a piece for sushi in Japan, they give you enough fish to make it worthwhile. I understand its Vegas but Ginza doesn't even do that. I also ordered the asian broccoli rice dish. I thought it was a fried rice of some sort but it was just cooked broccoli with a bowl of white rice for $13....kinda ridiculous for just cooked broccoli.My friends ordered the tempura udon and a seared yellowtail collar. They both seemed to really like it. All in all I felt like I could've gone to other restaurants in the cosmopolitan and $60 would've got me more food. It was great sushi but just didn't feel like I got what I paid for.
4	not really used to traditional sushi. very pricey of course since its inside of a casino. the fish was good. the chef were very friendly. I would have to save up if I'm visiting again.
5	Overpriced, but thats Vegas for you, so I don't think they should be marked down for it. If you eat in Vegas, you should already know that you're gonna pay for it haha.Their fried chicken with the wasabi honey sauce.. I think I could drink the wasabi honey sauce its that good. The sushi is fresh and yummy, which is as it should be considering how much you pay. The oxtail fried rice was good, it's super salty though so be prepared for that. I think the other fried rice we had was the crab fried rice? It was a while ago, though so not sure. However, that fried rice was delicious. Still pretty salty though so be prepared to drink lots of water. My feet literally swelled from retaining water cause of the saltiness of the dish, but it was so good I think it was worth it. Service was great, my boyfriend and I never had our glasses of water go below the half mark haha. One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas!
4	We found this place wandering around City Center area looking for a place to eat and since we love sushi we jumped in!The spicy tuna hand rolls were amazing - just incredible and fresh. The toro was very good as well but the one that suprised me was the spicy scallops - wow, it was unbelievable! of course I ate too much. There are two reason it doesnt get a 5 - one, even knowing its Vegas pricing, this place is expensive! way expensive! I think overly pricely, but it is what it is. Two, we sat at the sushi bar and the chefs were asking us what we wanted, as it should be, but the server kept forcing his way into the mix, insisting we order through him, which just confused the chefs and slowed the whole process down.But it all boils down to quality sushi, and this was it. And I am willing to pay for quality, apparently.
5	SO GOOD! We had a group of 7 with us and we got a huge amount of food. The quality of fish was amazing. We got the yellowtail and maguro sashimi and the grade was superb. Definitely pricey but worth it. If you're a sushi lover you def have to try this place. The service was really great too.
5	This is an awesome place to go in the cosmopoltain...great scene! The food is fantastic and the staff is super cool! I really liked the miso black cod, and they had a great sake selection!
3	Nice atmosphere.  Decent sushi, although definitely overpriced and not any better than any other sushi on the strip.  You are paying for the ambiance and the allure of The Cosmopolitan.
5	When it's over a hundred degrees outside, Japanese food in a heavily air conditioned facility is hard to beat.  Inside my hotel du jour, the Cosmo, this is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  It's pricey, but so are most things in Vegas, the tourist trap to end all tourist traps -- and likely the only one that you can confess to enjoying without feeling completely embarrassed.When trying a new place, I like to surprise myself with the chirashi (typically described as a "chef's selection of sashimi over rice").  I don't know what I expected but was very pleasantly surprised, even slightly blown away:  it was awesome.  The tako sunomono, octopus and cucumber in a vinegar sauce, is a good choice as well.  Throw in an Asahi or two and you're set!An excellent bar and sake selection can be found here, if that's your kind of expensive hobby.  Service has been excellent every time I've been here, though this could be related to the fact that I have little to no self-control in restaurant scenarios.
4	Fried chicken was piping hot and had a great crust.  Did not love the dipping sauces though.  Bone marrow appetizer was mediocre and despite the size of the bone, the amount and flavor of marrow was not impressive. The toasts they came with also left something to be desired.  The sushi platter that we had - which was enormous, and if I had to guess, had around 50-60 pieces of sushi, sashimi, and rolls, was very fresh and tasty. Uzu cocktails were enjoyed by all. Service was standard and helpful. Prices were standard a la Vegas. The interior was not as Vegas-style ritzy as I had hoped, but cozy, dark, and intimate.
3	Way too expensive!! Food was average and none of the sushi chefs talk to you at the bar, you give your order to a waiter who have little knowledge on fish and sushi-felt like fast-food sushi...unimpressed and not personable.
4	I'm not a sushi person and I walked out of here happy and well fed.  Beef options were delicious and the Blue Ribbon fried chicken was absurdly tasty. Tip:  If you get seated at one of the exterior tables you can do some serious people watching while you dine.
5	Tiger roll is good and the crab and truffle fried rice is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!! Best fried rice I have EVER had!
4	Here's the run down: sushi rolls MIGHT be considered small by some, but honestly, they seemed about average. However, the night I experienced Blue Ribbon, my hunger would not have been conquered by sushi or sashimi, therefore, I opted for an actual meal instead. I started with a wild mushroom miso soup, which turned out to be the perfect appetizer at the time (think all day party + liquor = in need of liquids sans alcohol) and Pan Seared Striped Bass served with Summer vegetables & lobster broth. The Striped Bass was cooked to perfection (crispy skin & flavor) and the summer vegetables in the lobster broth added a great element to the dish. All in all, very tasteful dish I wouldn't mind having again. Also, the Edamame appetizer was worth it as well. I'd love to go back and try the fried chicken since everybody is raving about it, but besides the small scale sushi rolls, I'd recommend this place. Definitely a must try.
4	great sushi, great ambience.enjoyed my meal here.
4	Great service! Food was great! Highlights were the miso soup, shoshito peppers, sushi rolls & the fried chicken.
3	We made reservation for six people at 8:00,  then we changed it to ten people at 8:00,  but the host heard us wrong and put us down for eight people at 10:00.  So, we have to cancel altogether.  The next night my husband and I decide to dine here alone.  I started off with the ox-tail soup, it was soothing to stomach after two nights of heavy liquor intake.  I bite into the daikon but it was so bitter.  Then we had the Toro, Salmon belly, baby yellow tail sushi. Next, we had the black cod, rock shrimp tempura, meatballs skewer, Lastly, we had the wagyu beef tataki.  The beef was tender and very medium - to my husband liking.  We did not like the meatballs skewer, the tastes was kind of strong with their seasoning.  The waiter came around and saw that we took a bite of it and put it back, she took it back to the kitchen and took it off our bill.  Wasn't necessary but what a kind gesture!!  We like to come back and try other dishes in the near future.
3	Restaurant is not bad except the hostess are rude and give off negative energy.  They wouldn't seat mynparty because I missing one person and was very rude about it.  I almost took off to another place.
2	I'm sorry. I just wasn't impressed. Ordered a few sashimi delux platters and sushi platters. Fish was really fresh! But just not anything spectacular. For the price, I expect to be blown away. I wasn't.
4	I ate here some time ago and enjoyed the experience very much.  The service was great.  The sashimi platter we had was exceptional, with excellent displays of the fish.  I imagine there were two sushi chefs working on it though, as the style of the cuts were very different from fish to fish.  The fish that were traditionally cut thin with that angle that makes for the perfect texture were great.  The thicker pieces with the straight down cut (kinda viet/chinese style) were not as enjoyable, but the fish was still excellent quality.  The thickness was really the issue with those cuts, but again, I still enjoyed.After hearing the rave reviews from multiple places, publications, and friends I ordered the fried chicken.  Something I would normally never order in a sushi place aside from chicken katsu-don.  Honestly, it was just ok.  Perhaps dragged down by its own hype.THE THING TO TRY FOR SURE...  Is the oxtail bone marrow fried rice.  Sensational.  Traditional fried rice that hasn't been doused with soy sauce, with oxtail and bone marrow mixed in tableside.  Rediculously good.  Literally the first time I have had properly made fried rice in LV, and then with the addition of the oxtail and bone marrow.  Wow.  A must try.In addition, have the pork belly kushi yaki.  Their take on it is great if you love pork and pork fat chunks cooked just right that you can shove in your face and hope no one else wants to try so you can eat the last piece.  Yeah.The only thing I would have to say should be revised about this place is the menu layout itself.  It was about a month ago that I ate here, so I can't remember with as much detail as I would like to offer constructive criticisim about it but I just remember the menu layout being very off.  Particularly after noticing how calculated everything else they did was.All in all, this is easily the best sushi I have had on the strip.  For sure the place to go if you enjoy traditionally stylized Japanese cuisine.
3	OK, OK ............. 3 1/2 stars. Four of us split: sashimi deluxe platter, fried chicken, rock shrimp tempura app, 1 small sake, one glass of wine & 3 bowls of rice = $145 - YIKES! It's Vegas baby at the Cosmo after all.Sashimi was outstanding. Fresh as can be. Tempura was good, as was the chicken but didn't blow my socks off. Dipping sauce with the shrimp was pretty tasty though. Nice ambiance and not too crowded.
5	Fried chicken and oxtail fried rice to die for!Shishito peppers yum!This place is hands down super bomb!   One of the best sushi spots on the strip.  Nuf said. You have to know how to order.  Very pricey but nice when it is comped!  ;)
4	The Japanese food was very goooood. The menu were huge, and the sake perfect. Only point, the high prices ....
2	Good Service, although I will never return because I ended up getting food poisoning and it ruined my whole Friday!
3	Sad to say I have to only give this 3-stars. I've heard great things about this place and was excited after seeing it on Top Chef Masters this past season.I went sushi-only with a colleague. 3 rolls and 2 sashimi apps.What was good - spicy scallop roll and tuni sashimi app (w. garlic chips)What was disappointing - hamachi sashimi app (I've had better many other places, the ponzu/jalapeno wasn't well balanced)expensive rolls for only 6 pieces!!lack of creativity or interesting roll pairingsdisappointing service - awkward service, I asked for a non-alcoholic cocktail and he offered no suggestionsI was in the middle of marathon training and knowing I would have to eat at least double what we had already eaten, we ended up leaving and going to china poblano for more food (see my review there!)For the price this place definitely isn't worth it. At these prices I would expect to get blown away.
5	Wow, really surprised by the Yelp reviews here! After coming into town with my college pals for a birthday celebration, we decided to head here for dinner as two of my pals knew this place from NYC. It also fit the bill as two of them wanted steak, and two of us wanted sushi.Before you go any further, this is not your corner sushi restaurant. It's spendy, and it's great. Know that going in, and you won't be surprised. There are less expensive sushi restaurants--this is NOT one of them.Our server was Jason and he was fantastic. He checked in with us regularly, gave us his opinion when asked, but also offered up customer feedback (i.e. he might not be crazy about a dish personally, but shared with other customers thought). He also sent over the waiter who is a wine aficionado when we had a question about wines, making sure we had the best information. We were even allowed to sample the wines before making a final selection.T and I were in the sushi set, and we were thrilled with our meal. The fish is exceptionally fresh, and among the best I've ever had. Everything we had was good. The dishes we tried were:1) Ebi Shumai (shared by all)... don't forget to dip in the ponzu, with a dash of hot mustard on the side2) Edamame (shared by all): standard sushi bar fare, topped with chunky kosher saltSushi menu:1) KANI SUNOMONO (blue crab sunomono)--blue crap wrapped in cucumber with a vinegar sauce. Blue crab was amazing, but the flavor of the vinegar was lighter than I expected (compared to other sunomono).2) SPICY TUNA & TEMPURA FLAKES-- The tempura flakes mixed into the spicy tuna was an unexpected and welcome twist on a sushi bar favorite. Tobiko is also mixed in.3) UNA KYU (eel wrapped in cucumber)--never seen this presentation before, but it was a great contrast between the heated, tender, sweet eel, and the cool cucumber4) Custom--the sushi chef prepared a spicy salmon roll in the same manner as the spicy tuna & tempura flake roll. This was the winner of the evening.5) We also had a cooked fish dish, but I couldn't find it on the online menu to tell you more (sorry!) Yellowtail, I think?Our friends shared the 20 oz bone in rib eye, which was HUGE. T and I aren't red-meat eaters, so I can't give a personal commentary. But they ate every bite, and it was a good sharable dish for two women.The steak came with tempura onion rings, which were completely ridiculously awesome. That was shared by all. It was a generous side that wasn't finished by our table of four. It also came with a side of bok choi, which was good (not as ridiculous).They brought our birthday girl an amazing brownie topped with ice cream. The brownie had chocolate chips in it, and was fantastic.We ordered the mochi and shared that among the four of us. They even cut each piece of the four flavors into four so we could all try all flavors.Add in two bottles of wine and our total came to $330 (before tip). As I said, this place isn't inexpensive, and it's not your everyday restaurant. But for a great special occasion, this restaurant hit the mark on all levels, from service, to quality of food, to taste. I would definitely come again.
4	Blue Ribbon was one of our choices for dinner on Restaurant Week. My friend and I were excited for our dinner there! Here is a rundown of some of the items we tried and what we thought of them.*Lobster bisque - Decent, with big chunks of lobster, not hot enough and not as flavorful as I expected.*Spicy tuna - Very good! My favorite spicy tuna roll to date. It's more flavorful than others I've had, so I will be back for more of this.*California roll - Pretty good, but not my favorite.*Sparkling blueberry sake - So good!! Very sweet, but that's how I like my sake.*White ale - Pretty good and I don't even like beer.*Fried chicken - Very tender and juicy. Pleasantly surprised by this dish. I intended on having only seafood, but this was highly recommended.  *Herb crusted halibut with fingerling potatoes - Pretty good, but not quite as delicious as the chicken.*Bread pudding - Best ever! I mean it. I thoroughly enjoyed this dessert. I liked it so much, that I forgot what my friend ordered for dessert. All I know is that I didn't want to share my bread pudding!I can't wait to go back and try more of their food.
4	I'm really surprised by the bad reviews for this place, my food and my wife's was great, and the staff was extremely attentive!  Would definitely go back!
4	Great japanese sushi place.  I went with a group of 4 people and we had the 18pc Bucket O wings and it was delicious. Its not your traditional "wings." It has a little pepper spices and it's skin was amazing. I liked the asian chili sauce better than the wasabi sauce. We also shared the oxtail fried rice which was yummy. The Service is great and the decor is spot on. For the price you pay its worth it. And like all the other reviews say, this place is on point.
3	3 stars. Firm. However,,,This is a sushi bar, not a izakaya - so, if you sit at the counter, and if the head/better chefs make sushi for you, it is really good. I give 4 stars.Some of the chefs aren't there yet,,, they are, to me, like these fakers who work for all you can eat sushi bar. The way they cut rolls is often terrible,,,. You don't wanna pay 25 bucks to get a roll when you can get all you can eat at the same price. I hope they hire better chefs.Beef tataki is terrific only if its fresh. Same for fish. I have eaten it several times and found out the consistency of the food quality is low. Sometimes it's good. Sometimes it's ok. This shouldnt happen at the place like this. Long story short, I say;Get sushi and sashimi. Period.These westernized rolls are actually good, tho.Sumeshi- sushi rice - is the best in town.Beef tataki is good, just ask the server if its really fresh or not.-Tempura isn't tempura. It's a fritter.-Chicken wings are good, but then you don't have to go to sushi place.-Shishito is plasticky... Is it from Mexico? It seems like they grew under the strong sunshine (this isn't good actually). Also, shishito is NOT that spicy. Maybe it's from red pepper farm...-Green Tea should be complimentary because that's what makes sushi taste better.(I understand its on the Strip, tho). No sushi bar in Japan charges tea. It's considered as rude. -If you sit at the bar, bartenders will let you sample beer from Japan. All of them are super good,,,, but only if you wanna spend 12 - 16 bucks for a glass of beer.-Sea eel, unagi, is too sweet,,, I hope they don't use that much sugar because quality of the eel itself is pretty good. -fried and not fried rice are ok. Again, this is sushi bar, not a Chinese restaurant. Well, this ain't short at all. Get sushi and sashimi. This ain't a japanese fusion restaurant.
2	Over priced and over rated. Soy sauce was too salty, 100% no return
3	Part IV:  Cosmo Food CrawlBLUE RIBBON SUSHIOnto the next venue: Blue Ribbon Sushi was the next plan of attack; they have a Fried Chicken that's supposedly out of this world- and as big of a portion as it is, it was just fitting for our next stop on the Food Crawl.Blue Ribbon is the Vegas outpost of the famous New York brand that elevated sushi, baked goods etc. to another level.  I had resisted for a long period of time while living there (there were soooo many other local places to go) but once I did, I realized their food stacks up to the highest quality of venues in NY.Given the price range of restaurants at the Cosmo, this falls in the higher end range.  Previously I've had more of their kitchen dishes, which were remarkable.  I was really impressed with this place, sadly, I saw the portion size of their Fried Chicken and could not bring myself to order it after the mounds of food I had already consumed.  And therefore the time had come to conquer the monster that was left for another battle!We started off the meal with some Sushi- the Spicy Hamachi Roll and Unagi; just enough to feel like  we're in a Japanese restaurant (the main dish IS Fried Chicken after all...)  The Sushi is pretty solid, albeit the selection is standard fare, the Hamachi hit the spot and the sweet sauce on the Unagi is such a palate pleaser, it's hard to go wrong!The Fried Chicken came out; four pieces of beautifully fried poultry covered deep in batter with crevices of crunchy craters that make eating fried chicken so much fun.  There was an adequate amount of spices, enough to compliment the protein without overpowering the entire dish.
2	My wife and I were disappointed in the quality of the sushi. The resturant  is cozy and attractive.  Service was fine but we would not go back.
5	Best sushi ever.  We came with a large group and had called not too long before arriving to ask if they could accommodate.   They apologized when we arrived that they only had a large table in the lounge.  The table was great!  It was blocked off by dividers so we were able to enjoy our own little nook.  We ordered the pepper, rock shrimp and edamame appetizer and they all were delicious.  We then had the Blue Ribbon Special Platter, fried chicken and a few more rolls to round it out and everything that we tasted was better than the next.  Extremely fresh and melted like butter.  Even the drinks were great as we had to try one of each of their special martinis (to share, folks).  Service was prompt  attentive and helpful.  When I return to Vegas I will be back.
5	You have to try their fried chicken! I don't even like fried chicken but their fried chicken is yummyand the Omakase platter is perfect for two if you're hungryHad the yuzu sake. pretty good. it comes in a shot formSakana San Shu is my ultimate favorite - it's yellowtail tuna and salmon!the shishito peppers are good too- but sometimes you get the spicy batchoverall, amazing. so yummy and a great pretty sushi restaurant. perfect for romantic dates too :) XOXO
2	I Really wanted to be stoked about this place after reading some reviews.I came here a couple weekends ago with my good friend celebrating his 40th birthday. We both ordered sushi and for the most part is was just meh/okay. I ordered the 3 rolls - Spicy scallop, Sakana San Shu and also the spicy tuna - none of them were that memorable. My friend also ordered a few roles and also an eel and avocado hand-roll which he took one bite of and never touched it again. He said the eel didn't taste right - he thinks that it was the result of them using eel that had been frozen.I should note that my friend is an avid sushi eater - he lives in L.A. and has experienced some of the best places in LA. I have never seen him put anything down like he did to that hand roll. That was a bit disappointing to me... since I chose this place to eat dinner.Neither of us had a moment or expressed that "Yum this is good!" - kind of thingIn terms of the ambiance - the place is pretty nice, kind of quiet with low sitting comfortable chairs. They have a real nice bar and the bartenders were pretty cool.The service is really good, our waitress was really nice and attentive. but unfortunately the sushi kind of brings the whole place down a bit.My Recommendation - Come here if you just want to eat an appetizer/roll and have a drink. Unfortunately, I don't think I would come back here again when I am in Las Vegas... I really wished this was better.
1	I thought based on the reviews that this place would be great.... It was average at best and for the money we paid- it should have been a lot better. The service was marginal because we never knew who our server was as 4 different people took orders throughout our meal. Also when we asked two of the servers what would be a great roll to get( there menu stinks and does not describe any item very well) all they could say was the same two items which happen to be the two most expensive items on the menu. No kidding they thought they were good... Good for increasing the bill. The one comment and really the most important comment of this review is that they don't have Ahi.  What sushi restaurant doesn't have Ahi? They have got to be kidding I thought... A sushi place without Ahi is like a sandwich without bread. Speaking of bread, the service interaction with customers is better and friendlier at a Subway restaurant ordering a sandwich. And no, I don't eat at Subway but just wanted to give some type of example. If visiting... Walk on and go to the MGM's sushi bar.
5	pretty amazing sushi and hot food.  the bone marrow is buttery goodness on toasted french bread.  I forgot what else we had because they have this amazing sparkling blueberry sake for $25 a bottle.. The whole bill for 4 of us was less than $300
3	Service was great! A little noisy but a vibrate sushi Resturant.  Had various sushi rolls which were average along with the ginger bread pudding, which was a surprise on how good it was.  I would go back for an appetizer and drink maybe.  Not impressed with the "Fried Chicken".
5	Really like this place.  Not sure what the beef is most people have.  The sushi is fresh.  The options are diverse and the service is great.Last night we had sushi rolls, grilled calamari and fried chicken!  This is what an Izakaya should be!
4	Doug was a great waiter with a wealth of knowledge about Vegas. He was very polite and the food was delicious.  Try the shrimp dumplings and ahi tuna appetizer.
4	Very delicious food, but little pricy
4	Can't believe I forgot to review this place!My boyfriend took me here in September for my birthday dinner.  It took me a good 5 minutes to stop hyperventilating when I saw the menu prices. . . $8 for edamame?!?!?  Seriously?!?  After I stopped freaking out, closed my menu and allowed him to order for us so that I had no idea how much this meal would cost, I really enjoyed myself.  We had a lot of nigiri and everything was really fresh, but the true standout was the fried chicken.  Yep.  Fried chicken at a sushi bar.  It was incredible, due in large part to the honey wasabi sauce that I had to stop myself from drinking. So good!  I also really liked the pork belly which was very smoky and flavorful.  Even with the riduculous prices, I would go back for the fried chicken, no questions asked.  My boyfriend couldn't stop me from peeking at the bill.  With a couple of beers and a filling dinner, the bill came out to $200.  Better than I expected but still expensive.
4	Holy moly! The Super special Sushi platter, (the sushi boat) was AMAZING! Plus it was huge. More than enough to feed 4 people! Had all types of goods on there. Lots of sashimi, a few hand rolls, and nigiri. Some of my faves were the o-toro and the lobsters shiso caviar roll. Yummm! Next time I visit Vegas I'll be sure to give Blue Ribbon sushi another visit :DWhole Boat:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blue-ribbon-sushi-bar-and-grill-las-vegas?select=9AWefYUI-VF0S3pUlKV7Eg#ZOj5hsTJrYezKnRmSdUspwUp close: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blue-ribbon-sushi-bar-and-grill-las-vegas?select=9AWefYUI-VF0S3pUlKV7Eg#m11UcVRJ2ouoiHtudICkkAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blue-ribbon-sushi-bar-and-grill-las-vegas?select=9AWefYUI-VF0S3pUlKV7Eg#cm8FpL5fpWVq6xXF_t77dA
5	The miso soup comes with fresh miss paste on the side to mix yourself - delicious.  If you can sit at the sushi bar - do it. It's worth seeing the sushi chef's making their works of art. It's amazing what they can do with their hands. They have excellent small dishes to try but the sampler dish was just perfect for two people. It's definitely worth the money.
4	the gindara saikyoyaki-miso marinated black cod, was amaze balls!!!loved this restaurant and the hotel.
4	This place is really consistent with their sushi and sashimi.  It's not the best but the cocktails, presentation, and ambiance make up for it.
4	I am a fan of the ambiance, the food is good but in comparison to their price I was expecting better. and their portion was way too small, it does fill me up because I don't eat much anyways. but you are use to big portion meals, Hunny u better expect at least $150 per person without the drinks. but the presentation of the food was great.. its almost too freakin cute all I'm thinking is really? this is my tiger roll? a lil tiny 6 piece sushi, even my wasabi & ginger was bigger than that -_- ...  But i did have a new discovery, thanks to this place I discovered my new fav. drink. "benzai bunny sparking sake white peach flavor" mmm mmm mmm!!!!! i can down few bottles of that ... the ambience is trendy says on yelp, but honestly it was more casual... I've seen ppl dressed up in t-shirt, jeans, and jersey's... theres a TV right behind and above my head playing basketball games.. I see my friend being distracted by the game couple times smh lol....
5	They have set the bar for me as far as sushi goes. Try the lobster sashimi. You will think you died and ended up in heaven.
3	sushi was OK bit $$$ for what it is but the waiter was great
4	Service is good.  Expensive food here for sure.  I'm a fan of fresh fish and hot sake.  We had bone marrow, assorted sashimi, lobster fried rice and two other delicious dishes that I truly can not remember but it was fresh and good. =)
5	Loved it. Probably more so because we had like 5 bottles of hot sake but I promise the sushi we had before we were intoxicated was still wonderful. Racked up a bill way over the norm and ordered just about everything on the menu, but it's Vegas, you can't really hold back in Vegas. (Normally this might be 4 stars for the price but it's sushi in Vegas, what do you expect)Had like 48 Oysters - they were awesome. I kept ordering... 1 more dozen, 1 more dozen. I felt bad for our server but he was SO cool. Totally didn't care that we kept ordering more and he was always checking in and making sure we were doing okay even though the restaurant was packed.Had all my favorite sashimi and sushi and was definitely happy with the fresh-melt in your mouth fish.The black Cod was sweet and extremely tender. Perfectly cooked. As were the scallops. Oxtail Rice was recommended, I wouldn't think to order this at a sushi restaurant but wow, so delicious and totally worth trying! Had so much more food but this was after the first couple bottles of sake.... so yea... it was good? Hah. Only my third time at Blue Ribbon but I haven't been disappointed yet!
4	Special sushi platter, udon seafood noodles,We all loved the udon seafood noodles, It was the bestest!!..  The special sushi platter was gynormous, some rolls were good and others are just ok, some sashimi was fresh and others have a fishy smell.  The oysters wasn't that fresh.  The Tuna taretare with a egg yolk on top was very bad, it sticks!  The Surf & Turf is amazing!!  The bone-in ribeye was tender and cook to perfection.  I ordered the banana split with macadamia nuts and hot fudge, oh so yummy...  Great dinner!!  Our server was splendid!!
3	Super weird when a Jersey Shore-esq guy wearing True Religion jeans is walking around filling everyone's water glasses. Green Tea Martini is absolutely amazing, sushi wasn't fantastic.3 stars because it was awkward.Would not return.
2	We are frequent visitors of Vegas and like to try new places, well what a disappointment this was, the place when you walk in looks very nice, ambience is great, definitely looks like a high end place, until you see that all servers are wearing plaid shirts, jeans, shorts, etc... Basically they have no dress code which was a total shocker. We sat down, looked at the menu, ordered a few different things , 1 was the tartar, which came with a raw quail egg and it was blahhhhh... I had to return it, mind u there was a new person coming up each time, so we didn't know who exactly we were looking for when we needed something, the sushi definitely was not impressive and we left disappointed and hungry, and paid over $200, for a price like that I expect much more. Definitely will not return there again!
3	Round three on a night of decadence lead us to Blue Ribbon. The sushi is fresh, but lacks in wow factor. The item that is a must have would be the seared beef. I am still not sure if it is Kobe or Wagyu, but we knew had to have it once we saw the sushi chef carving it up. Get the appetizer portion because you will want the five slices of heaven. The marble in the meat keeps it so tender and juicy. I was stuffed and still had two pieces on my own.
4	For a land-locked city of sin they get some great sushi! My group of 12 foodie-snob friends at here for dinner and we were all totally surprised at how tasty everything was. Oh and did I tell you about the oxtail and bone marrow fried rice? It's probably the best thing you'll put in your mouth...no that's not a euphemism for anything. Here's some pictures we took on my food site of what we ate to give you a sense of what you're in for:http://eatsporkjew.com/travel-2/las-vegas/is-vegas-our-fountain-of-youth/
5	I was in Vegas for work and we went here because we were all craving sushi and also staying in the Cosmopolitan. We ordered the rock shrimp the assorted pickled veggies. The rock shrimp was awesome but the pickled veggies were a little too salty for my taste. Since it was Vegas we decided to order the Blue Ribbon Special Platter. It came to us on a long wooden platter and it was beautifully arranged. I have no idea what was on it, but everything was simply amazing. I do remember the Dragon Roll however, since we had another order of those. That roll was the single best sushi roll I have ever had. It was really fresh and delicious. Save some money and then go to this place. It is worth it!!
4	To get to the Blue Ribbon Sushi, you have to walk through the drunken, trashy Cosmo lobby which is full of "people" in various states of destruction. But it's worth the risk of being puked on to get to this Vegas Sushi gem. The ambience is dark with a techno beat and comfy chairs. Perfect place for a romantic dinner. I had a very good bowl of Miso soup, where they bring the base separately and you mix it in when you are ready to eat. My wife had a similar Miso with Hitake and Aburaage that she enjoyed. I then had several pieces of Sake nigiri and liked it so much I doubled the order. The salmon was sliced generously and very fresh; the rice was perfectly prepared. The entree I chose was a 9oz filet prepared medium rare and covered in a brown sauce. I could have cut it with my fork. The side was a sweet, mashed potato which was a nice compliment, though it was missing something: maybe garlic or allspice could have added the missing spark. My wife chose a chicken entree and I stole a few bites. It was better chicken than I would have expected at a Japanese steakhouse and served on a tasty bed of bok choy with a side of the sweet mashed potato.The service was fantastic. We received plenty of attention and never grew thirsty. My wife received expert advice on choosing a japanese beer based on her domestic preference. At one point it appeared that a random drunk was stumbling through the room carrying an empty tray, but my waitress assured me that is the manager. Apparently he pays close attention to cleanliness while sampling the bar stock. :)The worst thing I can say about the Blue Ribbon is that they use cheap paper napkins and disposable chop sticks. When I pay $200 for dinner, I expect all the details to meet a higher standard. However, in this case that minor detail can be overlooked to enjoy a great room, great food, and great service.
2	Food was good, but NOT worth the price of admission.
4	Excellent *****:  Sea urchin, sea scallopVery Good ****: ox tail fried rice, marinated big eyed tuna sashimi with garlic chips, fried chicken (the wasabi honey sauce makes this dish)Good ***: salmon roeIt is expensive, but what do you expect in Vegas?
4	Hands down the best sushi spot on the strip.  The food is exquisite and the service is exceptional.  Pricey but it's well worth the experience.
5	I love blue ribbon. Sea bean tempura, wagyu tongue, fried chicken and oxtail fried rice!!!! the sushi was great and the service was excellent.
4	Sushi at the O-K Corral. Spaghetti western, maybe? None of it made sense until the food started coming and then I was hooked. Imaginative, delicious sushi in a hip, almost rustic room with a DJ. My head was spinning - in a good way.
3	Meh, seems highly overrated or maybe we just ordered the wrong dishes.Miso soup was okay, not much flavor however the presentation is nice with the actual miso provided separately and instructions on how to prepare it.  Eel wrapped in cucumber was tasty but at $11.00, I expected to be wowed.Black cod was not great. Was expecting Nobu grade dish and basically it was tasteles, had weird textures and was  just alright.Fried chicken dish was ok once you put the sweet/spicy sauce on it. It was good but again not amazing and certainly not worth the price.In all, even for Vegas, I found Blue Ribbon Way overpriced with just ok fare. Not on list of favorite Vegas restaurants and most probably will not return.  In my opinion, Nobu at Caesars is  a better choice.
4	The sushi was very good, and nice and fresh.  The drinks were excellent.  Loved the ambience.  The service was very good.  The fried chicken was okay, but the honey wasabi sauce was out of this world.
4	Tasty Japanese style asian fusion. Sake and service were good despite it being in the middle of the casino. King crab fried rice is rich and lovely!
5	What a great restaurant.  Everything we tried was amazing.  The atmosphere is great but not for those who like a quite dine.  Our server was polite, attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly.  We tried their famous fried chicken wings which were so good.  They are a little spicy, but the overall flavor is amazing.  I did try both dipping sauces, but I did not think they needed them.For dinner I got the Mahi Mahi which was very tasty and the rice was really good. My wife had the tiger shrimp roll and it was just what she wanted.The price points are little high, but the ambiance, the Hotel (Cosmopolitan), and the food make it worth it.  We highly recommend and we will absolutely be back.
4	NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM. Came here for a late night date and we decided to sit up at the bar. SHOUTOUT TO JEFF!! He was VERY nice and friendly and kept us fed with everything we ordered and drank and kept it clean! We tried the shishito peppers: BOMB. I always love these things and this place did not disappoint! We had some chicken wings: they came with this dipping sauce with a hint of wasabi flavoring and they were DELISH! Waygu Kobe Sliders: These were pretty good as well... The Grilled Hamachi! A MUST try!! Good flavor and the fish was fresh and niiiice like iiiiice! NOM!! We ordered one Tiger Roll: I think places always make this roll their own way. This one wasn't BAD but I've had better. And we had some meatball skewers: also with a sauce that had a wasabi flavoring to it - these weren't my favorite may be worth trying for YOU. And then our awesome bartender, JEFF hooked us up with a Dynamite: Scallops and mushrooms in whatever that daaaaaaamn dynamite sauce is. This was AIIGHT, I've had better as well but everything about the place was great, the food, the customer service, the interaction with our bartender, not too overbearing, great service and the ambiance of the restaurant. GO!!!
3	Only Three stars although atmosphere and service were great. I was excited to try out this restaurant but was rather disappointed:( their sushi does not compare to what I've ate before. 30$ for a special roll and I don't even want to eat it again! If I pay that much money for a roll I expect it to blow my mind.This is not the place to go if you love sushi. It is fresh, but it's just nothing spectacular. Not coming back here..
5	Just finished writing a review on "STK" also at "The Cosmopolitan"... and I enjoyed our experience here by far the best!  I have also dined at their NY location which left much to be desired and I felt it was just way over priced.  However, this LV location was amazing!  The service was excellent, our sushi chef was great, and super friendly!  Each roll was so delicious!  We had their lobster roll, spanish mackerel, yellowtail with jalepeno, and their uni was to die for  ...and the icing on the cake was getting the bill - it really wasn't that bad considering we were in LAS VEGAS - and you would think sushi would be ridiculously priced but to our surprise, it was pretty much what we pay at home in Orange County, CA :)  GO!  We will be going back!
4	I'm glad there's a sushi place open until 1 a.m. in Vegas.  Granted I haven't been seeking sushi this late nor searched if there are others that stay open so late, but just wanted to point it out.  The space is dimly lit and very cool.  It pretty much belongs in the Cosmopolitan, cool and not over the top.  This review is primarily for the service, because it's late, my mind is now clouded by liquid substances and my date is amazingly beautiful.  However I will say I can find nothing wrong to say about their sushi and sashimi.  I close my menu and ask for certain types of fish in the sashimi and roll variety covering toro to hotategai and am very happy at the hostess' return.  They of course have a fairly well represented wine list as well.I'll definitely try more of their samplings, as I really don't think this is much of a review.
4	This place is open until 1am! We ate at the sushi bar and got the sushi sampler which was a fabulous choice. It was only about $30 to get a fantastic, fresh selection of a cut roll and sushi pieces.The drink menu looked amazing although I didn't try anything. The service was great and I would probably return here to get a sushi fix that doesn't kill my wallet in Vegas! More gambling money! :)
4	On a second visit to Blue Ribbon, I realize closing at 1 a.m. means they're really saying farewell to guests around 2 a.m. or later.  Thanks for being there.And on a second visit to try more of their offerings; I recall creativity, no over the top flavors and of course great fish...not to mention a great wine list.  Their scallops with wild mushrooms and smelt roe retain much of the salty ocean.  And their yellowtail tartare with quail egg, although done quite extensively using tuna by hmm what's his name...Michael, Michael in all of those restaurants, is quite light and highlights its ingredients.  We also sampled the seaweed with tofu and the assorted sushi wraps, nice presentations and tastes.The service is still friendly and attentive, done to please and with no rush or pretense.  Gracias por los recuerdos
3	We got hot towels for our hands when we sat down. Drinks were ordered. Our friend ordered miso soup and the miso paste came separately which we though a little weird. We ordered the spicy lobster roll. Came with 6. Really soft tender seaweed. It just kind of melted away which I loved. I wish we had had more than 6! Then he ordered the grilled mahi mahi with coconut rice. I really liked his dish. The sauce on the rice was yummy. I mistakenly ordered their fried chicken. Why did I order fried chicken at a sushi restaurant especially when I'm not a huge fried chicken fan? A Yelper had posted that it was the best fried chicken she'd ever had, so that compelled me. I was expecting little pieces of fried chicken like ones I had had at another restaurant I can't think of. But these were actual full breasts and legs seasoned with a spicy concoction. It wasn't terrible at all. Just... I really should have ordered more sushi. Maybe that's why I left with an 'eh' feeling. There wasn't anything wrong with the restaurant. Just wasn't much different from any other sushi place I've been to.
3	Everyone is pretty 'meh' on the food.   Took way way too long to serve.   And strangely it's low end soy sauce.  Everyone is confused by that.   My friend got a piece of metal in his food.   I wanted to give it a 2 but my friend said I was being harsh.    Oh last thing --- so pricey!!  Ridiculous pricey.    Don't come here.
5	I want to be crystal clear here - this review is for my meal under Taisho (chef) Hisa-san...the rest of the attitude, service, vibe and general faux-Japanese uselessness of this place would earn it an easy 1 star. In fact, I have eaten here accidentally in the past - invited by someone, and it was terrible.But complete kudos to the owner who is sharp enough to have hired Hisa-san, the amazing chef from Toranoko, and before that Tamon and I believe Nobu in NYC? If I'm not mistaken. The sad part is that this man's ability is wasted on the mind numbing rolls upon rolls that are ordered every two seconds here. This is of course a fake Japanese restaurant. And by "fake", I mean run with a mish-mash, miss-match of Japanese style, and American expectations (which usually translates to what you're used to eating in Korean run Japanese places - which is sauce drenched 3rd grade fish). In any event, someone here is at least trying to do things right by bringing in one of the most talented sushi chefs in North America. And no - he aint my cousin, or my roomate. I only know him from Toranoko in LA where he served me many a wonderful lunch and dinner. In any event, I ordered a special Chirashizushi, which I have uploaded a pic of. It was mind blowingly good.The hot sake was 22 bucks for a large, and was pretty nasty. Ozeki? lol Green tea martini was 14 bucks and not enough alcohol for a minor buzz. Younger asian waitress was very good. No oshibori unless requested. This place is geared for pretentious social climbers and you'll see and hear them all around you if you sit at a table but the bar clientele was a bit better. Still, while I was eating - this complete douche walked over to me - on behalf of what looked like his Beverly Hills "entourage", spending daddy's money on frivolity and had the bloody nerve to tell me to move the end of the bar because he and his friends needed my seats. Oh my. I wish I could have taken a snapshot of his face when I gave him that look that Tsuruta Koji usually wears right before someone's head (spicy hand) rolls off his shoulders. I mean - who are these fools? What's worse is that the host staff looked on as this happened and did nothing. I mean - there was food in my mouth, and this gangbanger-wanabee momo that probably has a VIP pass to Attari sandwich shop in Westwood, is bugging me - they acted like, "hey cool, maybe they can get him to move". 1 star! In any event, it was one of the best meals of my life...which is kind of evident when you look at the pics.I suggest that Ribbon does the following:1. Allow for a proper experience at the Sushi bar by having Hisa san, and anyone of his calibur in an area AWAY from the rolls and crap orders. Have them focused on Omakase sushi in a quieter, less intense environment where Japanese customers who drop big coin, will feel comfortable. As it was I didn't see one Japanese person eating here.2. Bring your prices to a normal level on nigiri and your sushi bar business will pick up. It was half empty or empty when I walked by a few times over the past couple of days. 3. Get a print out of what Omotenashi is and teach a little bit to your hosts, waiters and waitresses. In fact - read it yourself! There is no excuse for a 3.5 star restaurant in this hotel - none. Osu!
3	Very disappointed in this location. I visit the one in NYC a few times a year and love it.
3	Went here with three couples before a cirque show. Atmosphere was great however sushi and drinks were not worth the price. I would go elsewhere.
5	This place was amazing. Our server, Allison, was new but she was so attentive and went out of her way to accommodate us. She checked up with us often and when they didn't have the beer we were looking for, she made thoughtful suggestions for substitutions and even asked the manager for his personal recommendations.We had the lobster (which came with this really amazing lime-butter sauce concoction which just melted in your mouth) and the Spicy Tuna Roll with Tempura Flakes and Cucumber which were both very delicious. We paired it with some warm sake, though I don't remember which and some beer of which I also don't remember. It's Vegas, so that explains that. Anyway, loved it here! Great service, ambiance was good and food was delish.
4	Awesome drinks (wine and dessert sake) and great service! Pricey, but worth the treat!
5	OMG :@) Fried rice w Uni and white truffles, live scallops, tempura Uni, and wagu beef! The service was wonderful too!!!
1	They told us last call in 5 minutes. We ordered. I think the cooks took it out on us. Everything was suuuuuper salty. Like exaggerated salt. Not sure if it was msg too. I am still thirsty. Just a bad experience not sure if it was bad timing but never going there again. Ordered the tiger roll, it was good, nothing special. Spicy crab roll. Salty. Meatball app, salty. Yellow tail collar, salty. We told the waitress and she brushed us off. Everyone just wanted to go home, I guess. Not worth it.
4	This place will cost you a pretty penny, but it's quite good, so if you've got many pretty pennies, use some here.Oxtail fried rice with foie gras? How can you say no to that...delicious.Ribeye steak: Pricey like a steakhouse, delicious like a steakhouse. Also comes with a side of veggies!All the sushi: Fresh and nicely prepared. Definitely a solid place, but expect to spend a good amount ($50-100 per person) if you go with liberal sushi orderers!
5	OMG.. the fish here is amazing.  super fresh... some of the best sushi I've had.  We had the Sashimi deluxe combo, beef marrow (very good if you're into that kind of thing), Kanpachi Usuukri (delicious) and lots of rolls.  One of my favorites was Karai Kaibashira (spicy scallop with smelt roe).  the scallops were very fresh.  Stuff I didn't like so much was the Blue Ribbon roll (lobster with caviar).. at $30.. not really worth it.  and... not that great.  Excellent service... great taste does come at a high price.
4	The food was amazing! Loved every bite.The decor however... not so much. The chair are very low and uncomfortable. The fabric on the chairs made my skin itch. Very annoying. But like I said, the food was GREAT!
5	I love this place! Definitely will be back. I am not crazy about their "famous chicken" however their yellow tail that was marinated was amazing and their sushi rolls definitely taste fresh. Customer service always seems to be the thing that is lacking in Vegas so I guess I can't really complain, which is why I still give them 5 stars. Overall the waiter was really friendly and outgoing. It may have been that we had 'outdoor' seating that it was hard to provide service when needed. We sat there for quiet some time before someone assisted us with the bill and dessert menu. We requested for the wine menu but it was never brought out to us.
4	Was so much better than I expected.  The sushi was actually very good and the composed cooked dishes weren't bastardized asian fusion cuisine.  Great service.The fried chicken, short rib and lobster were delicious.  The sushi was as good as any as I've eaten in Vegas.  Still a notch below the best in NYC and LA though.  If this isn't a back handed compliment I don't know what is.
4	The Sushi and other items here are a little expensive. But hey you pay more for quality food. The Otoro I had was extremely fatty and juicy. I had tried their live sweet shrimp and scallop and they were great!!! I also recommend any patrons to get the wagyu beef tongue!!
4	This spot is tucked away in the corner of the top level of the Cosmopolitan's restaurant row. Glad we found it. It was pretty packed for a Tuesday night, but we were happy to sit at the bar. I'd make a reservation if you have more than a couple people, though. Bartenders were casual and attentive. They did charge $17 a bottle for Orion beer (ouch) but with Asahi on tap, I had a decent fall-back. We started off with the edamame. Nothing out of the ordinary here. Then, in a sushi joint, I decide to order fried chicken (I don't even go to KFC), but figured it had to be good, or at least interesting, to be sitting on their menu. And you know, Vegas. Best decision of the night, bar none. It's actually the 9 piece Bucket O' Wings, i.e. Fried Chicken "Blue Ribbon Style" with Shichimi Pepper & Wasabi Honey dipping sauces. I highly recommend it if you're not in the mood to fill up on sushi. Crispy, but still moist, the flavor of the chicken, alone, is fantastic. Add the sauces? Amazing. My wife tried the Pan Seared Scallops, w/ Hearts of Palm w/ Myoga Salad & Brown Butter Ponzu. Scallops cooked perfectly. This was a light, flavorful counter to my comfort meal, so we traded dishes often. She then offered to trade one scallop straight up for two pieces of my chicken. I think she likely got the better end of the deal, but I didn't complain. The ponzu was all mine at that point too. Very tasty. It's definitely worth checking out. Prices are a little up there, but the atmosphere is casual and the food worth the trip.
5	BEST SUSHI IN LAS VEGAS!!! LOVE THIS PLACE especially when we stay here at cosmo....fresh and great service.. Brandon is the manager here and he always delivers great customer service! Somebody give that guy a raise and promotion.love the vibe, the wait could be long so call in advance for reservation.
3	Meh - I've had better sushi for a cheaper price. I guess they can charge whatever because you are trapped. Vegas.
5	We had an awesome time eating here! We didn't have a reservation but they took us as a walk in and we sat in the back, I always feel like you get the best experience sitting at the sushi bar. All of the workers are so nice and our server was very polite and knowledgable of the menu. The sushi chefs were so nice and made convo with us throughout dinner which I thought was neat. As for our meals, I got water with cucumber to start off because I was feeling a little dehydrated :)I tried one of their rolls which I hadn't had before and I was kinda skeptical about it. It was like Kyuki or something like that, it is amazing. I also had a bowl of miso soup and it was really cool because the soup comes clear with the tofu and seaweed... And you get to mix in your own miso which turns it a tan color :)My dinner date got a Kieren beer and a seaweed salad and omg the seaweed salad was amazing! The dressing that was used was delicious and the seaweed was nice with a great texture. For his course, he got the Mahi Mahi on a bed of rice and it too, was scrumptious! This was probably my favorite/yummiest dining experience in Vegas. The layout of the restaurant is so cool, I couldn't stop talking about it but our server, the sushi chefs, and the food all made my experience 5 starsI will return and I can not wait
5	I am pretty surprised this place doesn't have better ratings. My husband and I ate at Blue Ribbon while in Vegas for our honeymoon. I am from LA where sushi restaurants are a dime-a-dozen...this place has the most fresh fish that I've ever had. My husband, who usually orders some sort of teriyaki chicken when we go out for sushi, tried and loved everything we had. We had Sakana San Shu roll, Maguro Avocado box and the Niji roll. All of them were great! We also found out near the end our meal that this place has fried chicken! Sushi and fried chicken is such a neat combo. We didn't get to try the fried chicken unfortunately, next time.
4	Good quality fresh sushi. Fun atmosphere and good wait staffThe 7 of us shared multiple rolls and dishes.The bill was pricy, but for a high end Las Vegas restaurant about right.
1	Worst service ever!!!! The server (Foon) had no idea what was going on and what we had ordered. For a place that charges $15 for a regular spicy Tuna hand roll, you would think their service would be more exceptional. Nope! Never again....
3	Top of the line sushi and service. They are just way too overpriced even for the Cosmo. I don't mind paying for quality but this was just silly. If you have money to burn though it is perfectly portioned and very high quality.
4	This place is awesome  It'd be even more awesome if you are here on a business account.  it is pricey, and the drinks seem to be thimble sized.  But the sushi!  The sushi is impeccably fresh.  The sensai roll (triple color, yellowtail, tuna and salmon) is literally one of the best rolls I've had.  The rice was well seasoned (could use a smidge more vinegar) but a great foil and not too much rice. Egg custard is not to be missed.  Served in a little ceramic cup with a lid, it stays piping hot.  Smooth, rich and filled with seafood, it is amazing.  Another don't miss is the claims. The clams are dotted with truffled butter and miso before a quick broil.So overall, loved this place.  it's pricier than even Roka Akor.  (They have sushi boats that start at $250.00) But the fish is amazing, the service is kind an worth stopping in at least once.  Weirdly for a really nice restaurant, they give you paper napkins rather than cloth.  Minor quibble, but I still found it weird given the attention to detail every where else.  The bar and tables for instance are some of the prettiest and comfortable pieces of furniture around.  But no cloth napkins?
3	Was there over the weekend. Finally tried the sushi here. We were a young crowd of 4. First, didn't get good service. Second, sushi was not as good compared to its price.  Average sushi we ordered was $28 to $33 rolls. Lets just say out of 8 rolls we ordered only the dragon roll was decent.  Won't be going in for sushi again.  Rather pay $80-$100 for great stake.
4	Updating to four stars. It is too expensive but I went back a second time and the sushi really is far better than most. Also tried the fried chicken. It is fantastic fried chicken regardless of it being at a sushi place. I added another star because the food is very good and the service is great. Overly pricey but close to being worth it.
1	Expected much, much more from this place.  The atmosphere was fine, but the service and food left so much to be desired.  Ordered miso soup, the chicken "un-fried" rice, and several rolls.  All were boring and bland.  The waitress recommended the Dragon roll, so we ordered it.  A different roll came to the table - and she said "oh, sorry, the buttons are next to each other on the machine when I put in the order.  Do you want to just go ahead and eat that one?"  Never got the Dragon, and would recommend any other Asian restaurant in Vegas over this one :)
5	Went here for dinner during a trip to Vegas; my experience at this restaurant was fantastic. I tried a number of rolls and sashimi that I never had before, so I can't speak to making a comparison between this place and others on the Strip, but overall it was one of the better dining experiences I've had. The service was fantastic, and everything I had was presented well, tasted very fresh, and had a satisfying combination of flavors. Tha kaka fry roll and the ebi shumai (shrimp dumplings) stood out for me.  This place is undoubtedly pricey, so it helped that I was on a business account, but otherwise could be a great place for a special occasion.
4	Dropped by Blue Ribbon late night (10:30ish) to grab a quick bite with my friend that had just arrived in town straight off the plane with an appetite. They were able to accomidate us right away and seat us at the sushi bar. Everything seemed fresh, they had some fun and unique rolls on their menu we tried a few of those and the sushi chefs were kind enought to make us up a few "special" things not on their menu. Good service and good food, I would definately reccomend to a friend or fellow Yelp'ers.FYI located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino
5	By far the best sushi place I have been to!!! Fresh, delicious, melt in your mouth sashimi! I can never have enough of their food! I have been to quite a few sushi restaurants in LA and found some to be pretty good. But once I tried blue ribbon, I knew it was THE one. No other sushi can compare to it. It's pricey of course, being a hotel restaurant, but boy was it worth it. The chef made us a complimentary boat with a variety of sushi and sashimi as well. For dessert the ginger bread pudding is a must try. One of my favorite bread puddings of all time. What I'm trying to say is all their food is amazing, just try everything if you can.
4	Tasty sushi!! Nice modern decor! Interesting sushi selection (not your usual sushi menu). Me and my friend wanted some of the "easy made sushis" as said by the waiter and the chef made the accommodation. The sake was quite strong but great! All in all it was a great experience!
5	Dined here over labor day weekend and I had a great experience.  We sat down after 1:00 am and we were placed at the front sushi bar.  We were treated very well by all of the staff including the three sushi chefs  that helped us make choices First THE ATMOSPHERE was great.  Not stuffy not pretentious.  Sat with another couple that happened to be from Canada visiting and we drank sake with them taking turns buying bottles and we also partied with the sushi guys.  They had campyo maki which shows that this place is not some bogus sushi place that has no idea what that is.  My wife had a steak with some kind of sauce that was really good.  All in all it's a place where you can let it all hang out and eat a good meal and have fun.  Strong selection.
5	I really love this place. I have to go every time I stay at the Cosmo...which is a lot! They have some of the freshest sushi around, but all of their other entree's are amazing too. This last time, we got the Ahi appetizer, Fried Chicken Wings, Yellowtail cheek, NY strip steak, Lamb and of course my favorite is their Alaskan King Crab Fried Rice...that is the only reason that I come here. For the fried rice!!! Sooo good!
4	The lobster roll was good.  My friends ordered 4 plates of it.  We also tried 2 plates of fried chicken.  It was alright; it was a bit dry but the sauce that was supplied made it better.
3	I will start out by saying I don't like sushi...my friends do though and said it was fabulous. The restaurant is very unique--as are most at Cosmo. Wait staff was extremely professional, but the restaurant decor and the server attire are more casual. If you are looking for a "glamorous" Vegas restaurant experience, this wouldn't be my choice...I had the fried chicken...the wasabi honey sauce was great, chicken was OK. Overall, good food, creative drinks, but I like the other Cosmo restaurants much better.
5	Always a good time when I come by.  I get my usual appetizer, toast and marrow.But favorite on this visit, green tea martini.
2	We had been to the location in Brooklyn and were hoping for the same quality food and chill atmosphere - if you been to the others don't expect this location to be anything like that.  The place was clean, with an interesting layout, but the food was not as good as the east coast locations.  We had a bunch of the sushi dishes we had gotten in NY and were disappointed.  The Las Vegas location was loud, with the bar noise translating all over the place.  The service was ok - we think this was because we were not dressed LA style skimpy, flashy dressed.  (We had been working all day at a show).  We were hoping for a repeat of our good times in NY and were disappointed.  Over priced food, ok quality, not so great service.  Avoid.
4	I like!!   My girls and I ordered a variety of rolls. All tasted great.  I ordered the fresh scallop. Unfortunately they were out of the item.  I found bone marrow my favorite!!  Huge serving and very rich.  We were not able to finish the marrow between the three of us.  The restaurant was pricey but the food is good and it is a nice place to take friends before a night out.
5	Came to the sushi bar yesterday. Loved it! Great sushi. We had the toro, yellow tail, and this exclusive sweet snapper they had from Japan. I'm not a big roll guy, like my sushi pure, and this place was very solid. Real nice crew too at the bar. Definitely recommended!
4	We came here with a large group and one of my friends said he was friends with the chef, so we didn't have to order and the chef would just take care of us. Take care of us he did, but not necessarily in the most reasonable way. First came two giant trays of sashimi. When I say giant, each tray had over 30 pieces per person eating it. It felt like we gorged and still only finished about 75%. It was great sushi though in a great presentation, with the sashimi sitting next to the fish as if it had just fallen off. Thinking we were done, the chef surprised us with two more equal sized trays of rolls. They were too colorful and exotic looking to pass up, but we could only eat about 25% of it. I think there was then a third course of dessert which we barely touched. The chef realized he over fed us and knocked a few hundred off the bill, but it was still a pricy experience. Funniest part though was one friend (a chef) didn't want to offend the chef by not taking everything in doggy bags. So we filled the fridge of the penthouse suite at the Cosmo with leftover sushi. The room comes with a butler who made lots of fun of us saying we were the first ones to ever bring leftovers to the room. Most of it got tossed besides the few rolls I snuck after waking up hungry the next morning. I swore I couldn't eat sushi after this experience, that attempt lasted about a week. I've been back a couple times since and have enjoyed much more when ordering reasonable portions.
4	Really tasty. A bit pricey, but for the strip not really surprising. Tuna appetizer was one of the best we have tasted. Great sake martini started things off for me. We also got a few rolls, dumplings, and apps to share. Also had the chocolate flour less cake with green tea ice cream. Everything was amazing. Super nice server was very attentive. Will definitely be back!
5	Must try: 1.  Fried chicken (they won many awards for this dish)2.  Oxtail fried rice (topped with egg white and inside the egg there is a surprise... Bone marrow! Say whaaaaat!?!?! Delicious!)I have never tried raw scallop before so my husband insisted that I try once he saw the live scallop at the sushi bar. The chef presented the sliced scallop still in its shell along with green onion and mussels. I love sitting at the sushi bar because I had the chance to watch all the beautiful dishes being carefully and skillfully crafted. This is not just good food. This is art. I love this place!
4	Thanksgiving is a strange place to spend a holiday. We had an early dinner and then went to a show so around 9 pm we were hungry again and found ourselves at the Cosmopolitan. There is(was) a Blue Ribbon Sushi in Brooklyn and I am assuming the same people are involved. We had some cocktails, appetizers and a roll. Aside from the screeching child a few tables away everything was great.
5	Went here to wrap up our Vegas excursion and boy were we impressed.  J and I have gobbled up thousands of pieces of raw fish all all around the world so we're surprised to be so happy after a meal here on the touristy Strip.  We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.We had the Omikase -- $100 per person -- so it's a bit steep but we thought the quality was way worth it.  Great presentation and there wasn't a bad piece in the mix at all!
5	Great location, great environment, and great food. Oxtail fried rice and pork rib are strongly recommended.
4	I liked it. But was it worth $$$? Maybe its better to try it again to know for sure...I am no sushi connoisseur however Ive had my share of fresh and no so fresh fish in my day...This place was our pick on a Sunday night due to everything else closing early. From the moment we walked in service was really, really good!I wish I could say the same about the fish. that was my main disappointment with this venue was that all the sushi smelled super fishy....9_9But it was a Sunday and it seemed like they were super duper busy...so I will give them the benefit of the doubt that it was an OFF night for them an give them another try next time I am in town...ta-ta
5	I guess instead of doing a review of the past year - 2013, I choose to review a restaurant I visited inside The  Cosmopolitan Las Vegas.  Like among my firsts this year, a visit to Honolulu, no visit to San Francisco or Chicago (usually visit one or the other.Restaurants in Las Vegas with any sort of quality often comes with a price tag and Blue Ribbon Sushi and Grill is no different.  When your dinner companion is a pescatarian, choices are limited.  Blue Ribbon is a better than average sushi restaurant, we had ordered the standard miso and  something new, Chinese broccoli lobster bisque.  The miso was good but the bisque was delicious and not too rich.  We also ordered ebi rolls, shrimp tempura rolls and I also got the Pork rind appetizer with shoshito peppers and poached cherry tomatoes.  All our rolls were created simply but the rice and fillings tasted wonderfully.  Pork rinds are an acquired taste which I have and the combo of the warm cherry tomatoes and shoshito peppers made this a new revelation.After this full meal, we were too full to even attempt dessert.Truly a wonderful place to try and be forewarned that the prices are a bit higher than your neighborhood sushi joint.So with this review, my Yelp challenge for 100 reviews is completed!
4	I fell in love with the oxtail bone marrow fried rice when I visited the NYC location. You can only imagine the smile on my face when they told me they served it here in Vegas, as well!Score!We started the evening with a bottle of nigori, that drink gets me buzzing from the get go and at 19% alcohol on the Genshu Sake I knew I was in for a treat!Our first dish was one of the restaurant's signature dishes kanpachi Yuzu which was delicate with a soft supple texture but with a nice acidic finish from the yuzu. Great start!King crab truffle fried rice - dare I say I found a new favorite?!? I think I died and went to fried rice heaven!! The truffle added just the right amount of fragrant aroma to this drool worthy dish to make my mouth water and the moist and flaky king crab took it up to whole new level! AMAZEBALLS!!!Oxtail bone marrow fried rice with egg - as deliciously magnificent as I remembered! Rich, flavorful and marvelous!!!!Bone marrow - Rich, smooth with deep flavors enhanced by the accompanying sauce! You really don't need the accompanying bread but the contrast in textures are inviting!Fried chicken - served nice & hot! Perfectly crisp on the outside and beautifully juicy on the inside! Finger lickin gooooood!We were running late for a show so the thoughtful staff had us sign sealed and delivered before we could even say "check please!"Overall, great food, courteous staff and cool hip ambiance! The prices are a bit high but what do expect? IMO, this a great place to dine if you're into Japanese cuisine/Asian fusion. Happy Eats!
3	I ordered the isaki (white grunt), yellowtail sashimi, house salad, hot green tea along with a vegetable roll, tuna sashimi and two other fish sashimi but I can't remember now. I thoroughly enjoyed my isaki sashimi and house salad along with the crunchy and pickled vegetable roll. The green tea wasn't anything spectacular and neither was the yellowtail. Everything was fresh but nothing that made me go, "wow, this stuff is freaking good!" However, I might go back and try more items later.As a side note, this would be a great place for couples to go on a date. The decor is nice and cozy with dim lighting. I really like their comfy chairs and big couches.
1	Ordered kobe and hamachi and in return I had the worst food poisoning of my life. Nothing like paying over a hundred dollars for contaminated food and days stolen from your vacation. We had contacted the manager about it, but all he did was make me fill out a form which is BS. He should have comped the dishes that poisoned me instead of saying "I'd offer you food but I'm sure you don't want any." Infuriating.
1	Very disappointed.  We had dined at Blue Ribbon in NYC 10yrs ago, and had excellent sushi and otsumami there.  We were so excited to see them at Vegas last week, but ended up much of disappointment.  We had a salad and several appetizers including Oxtail oden and Iberico hirekatsu.  All were terrible and overpriced.  And finished with Fried chicken. Chicken was very dry and was basically a bad fried chicken covered with togarashi (Japanese red pepper), The menu listed as if it were something authentic but nothing authentic about it. The only decent dish that we had was a sushi roll. Maybe we should have stick with sushi and sashimi. We normally order bunch of appetizers and move on to sushi (unless we are at sushi bar), but by the time we had several bad appetizers, we were ready to leave as soon as possible. As a Japanese native, it is sad to see a Japanese restaurant like this.  Best of luck for surviving in Vegas!
5	We enjoyed a very romantic dinner at this place.  Our server was excellent and attentive.  He was late on bringing us our wine, so we got a complimentary spicy lobster sushi roll!  The tuna roll, oyster and okra tempura and lamb chops were also amazing.
4	Came into Blue Ribbon Sushi with a group of 8 on a Saturday night. With no reservation I was pleasantly surprised how accommodating the staff was. They pulled together a table for us pretty quickly even tho the restaurant was pretty packed. Service was great and very attentive. They made some pretty good recommendations on menu items as well.Here are my thoughts on a few of the things we ordered:Hummingbird Cocktail- Cava and too much St Germaine made this bubbly cocktail much too sweetPork Dumplings - good but nothing special Shrimp Tempura - just like popcorn shrimp from Long John Silvers, not worth orderingMiso Soup- they brought out fresh miso to add to the broth which was super interesting and something I've never had before, who knew miso was its own thing? I thought that was just the kind of soup that it was.Hotate Spicy Scallop Role- absolutely my favorite item and so happy I ordered thisGreen tea martini- refreshingly deliciousChicken Fried Rice- so delicious!! And very original in the way it was prepared and presentedLive Scallop- weird and kind of boring actuallyVarious other rolls that were all pretty good tooPricing on their menu items is pretty high so be prepared to drop a lot of dough when you go in here. Luckily we came in for a business dinner so I didn't have to worry about breaking my own bank. I definitely recommend this spot if you love sushi and want a great experience! Will definitely be back during my next Vegas trip!
2	Beautiful presentations, so-so fish. Incredibly loud with annoying music blasting. "Hip" young staff who know very little about Japanese food and even less about customer service. A beautiful space in need of a new tenant; if you are spending that kind of money you should not waste it here.
2	Decided to try Blue Ribbon instead of our favorite sushi place in Vegas, Sushi Roku, since we were staying at the Cosmo and yelp gave it fairly good reviews. We love good sushi but unfortunately Blue Ribbon was only average on that front. Considering the price, we expected to be wow'd. Sadly that wasn't the case. The sushi rolls were good but not spectacular. The fish was good but not mouth watering. I expect for these prices to have an amazing experience and it just wasn't. Heading back to our favorite spot next time.
4	The staff is snoody.. but the fried chicken is delicious!
3	I love sushi and am more than willing to pay for good sushi.  This was only average.  Certainly not worth the $191 + tip that I spent for a dinner for two!  I will save my money next time and go elsewhere.  I will say, we saw some beautiful platters being built at the bar but unless there is 6 or more to share it....
5	Totally floored last night by the food and service at Blue Ribbon. We love sushi, but this was by far the best we've ever had. Never tasted anything fresher as it is in every day. Just spectacular! Fantastic experience and will definitely be back!
5	This is one of my favorite sushi spots in Vegas.  It has a very cozy and dark atmosphere along with phenomenal sushi.  Like everything in Vegas it gets expensive fast, but you will not feel let down.  There are plenty of creative choices and a very helpful staff.
4	I finally got to try out this awesome place with a friend of mine on Saturday. I'm a big fan of Sushi even though I'm not a fan of the seaweed it's wrapped in... Thankfully, the Blue Ribbon Sushi chefs were gracious enough to cater to my needs and substitute the seaweed for soy paper. We sat at the Sushi bar because we've heard great reviews about how we needed to experience the artistic food preparation in action and it wasn't a disappointment... All the food presentations were so pretty that I was afraid to eat them, lol. I definitely recommend this place to any one looking for a delicious sushi place on the strip.
5	This place was amazing..sushi was very good and I enjoyed the atmosphere of the place..amazing halibut sashimi
1	Why do they deserve one star? They had Asahi super dry on tap. We asked to sit at the sushi bar. They told us we needed to order through the servers. Really? The whole point of sitting at the bar is to interact with the sushi chef, all of whom were too young to be sushi chefs. The food was even worse than expected. The exorbitant prices they charge and the quality of fish are mismatched.  We ordered the sashimi special and sushi special. Maguro was treated with food coloring. Basically I'll save you the details. It's department store sushi served at the worst Las Vegas strip prices. A $6 slice next door was a hundred times better.
2	this place was not worth the price at all.  the sushi was okay, not what I expected at all for this establishment and the price.  there's a blue ribbon in new york and it's so much better than this one.  save your money!!! do not eat here
5	Killer food!!! Love this place. I have cravings every other day for their chicken. If they has a drive through it would be open 24/7 The bone marrow is ridiculously delicious and so is the oxtail fried rice with the hot sauce. When they have the Shrimp special get it!! It's worth it!!! best times every at this restaurant
4	Great place and yummy food!  We had the blue crab roll which is the best roll we've ever had. We also had a Cali roll which was pretty standard to anywhere else. Finally we got the fried chicken which was weird to see on the menu, but really tasty. The sauce that comes with it is pure gold. We also had edamame which is...just soybeans. We brought water with us and our bill was $71 so it not cheap. Service was above average and so was food--price just a tad high but can't dock too many stars. It's that good.
3	I love seaweed salad every time I order it, but not at this restaurant. The seaweed was awful and the tofu was overwhelming. I had the vegetarian sushi, which was nothing special. Good cold sake. Buy the bottle, it's cheaper.
4	Now I can only write so much about Blue Ribbon because I was slightly more intoxicated than I should have been when eating here. But....This was another top notch sushi bar in Vegas. We stumbled in to this fine establishment looking to spend some hard earned cash on some high quality sushi. Blue Ribbon delivered exactly what we were looking for. I will establish this as my go-to spot for sushi every time i'm in town.
4	Great place. Service was great. Waiter was helpful. We had a tiger roll for starters. One of the best rolls I have had. We had the bone marrow app. Never had bone marrow before, so I have nothing to compare it to. It was OK. My wife had the fried chicken. Best fried chicken ever! I had the king crab truffle fried rice. Very pricey. It was good, but really just tasted like a mushroom risotto. The crab and truffles didn't fit in but bumped the price to $58. Should have ordered another awesome roll instead. We will be back!!
3	Since I love staying at the cosmopolitan for business and pleasure I have been three times now and agree with many of the other reviews - too expensive for sushi!  My waiter all three visits never suggested the chicken or oxtail rice everyone else seems to rave about.... I'm bummed about that- next time I won't order the sushi and will try the sides and the chicken - my friend got sick that evening too-must have been the sashimi-which I don't see how it could be that fresh when you're in the desert! The sushi rolls are small and average and way too pricey anyway! There are better places to spend that kind of money!
4	I was really torn between 4 and 5 stars.  I would say 4.5 would be perfect.  Not the best I have ever had, but certainly one of the better sushi restaurants in Las Vegas.  I will definitely return.  Food and service will all wonderful.
5	Best place in Vegas for sushi! Oh and Fried chicken!  The best staff hands  down. The drinks are great. The management always goes above and beyond to make the  best experience possible! Thanks to the entire staff for the 3yrs of excellence!
4	What a great sushi restaurant. The selection is deep with traditional, contemporary selections. The service is spot-on, excellent in fact over the two dinners I had, with just the right attention to details but overbearing. The bar set up is spot on- service rocks.
3	Great ambience but overrated, small portions and the "spicy" lobster roll isn't spicy. The albacore did taste really fresh though
5	This sushi place was wonderful. The atmosphere was upscale and the price was slightly more reasonable than I expected. (Slightly.) The service was excellent and the sushi was amazing. Would definitely go back!
2	I did omakase here with my family and it was mediocre. It definitely was not worth the $500 bill. NYC Blue Ribbon is much better than this place. Also, everyone had a mild stomach ache after and the next day. All 4 of us.
4	ive been here twice the first time we received excellent service. the second time i feel like they werent even aware we were present. but i think it may just be las vegas in general that people everywhere have bad attitudes. a guy at the table sitting next to us spilled and broke his glass all over the floor of course this was summer and our feet were wet bc we were wearing sandals it took at least ten min for them to come clean the mess up. service wise i give it 2 and half stars and food wise a strong 4 i was upset they dont have the duck on this menu the waiter told me it wasnt as big of a hit as it is in new york so they removed it from the menu. i was told they were famous for their fried chicken its good but not my cup of tea. the udon is very good here and they have this sashimi that they marinate overnight i dont recall what its called but it is amazing hope this was helpful
4	The first time I went here, I only had drinks at the bar. Their drinks (Ume Mimosa and Nashi Martini) are really good and the bartender was awesome. I've been coming back here ever since. Sure, it can be pretty pricey for what you get but if you're with good people, it's all worth it. The presentation is always nice and the service is great. Great ambiance. The fish is always great.The last time I was here, we go 2 bottles of cold sake. Very smooth and tasted like fruit. We got wakame (seaweed salad with sesame), duck potstickers, fried whole fish and an assortment of sashimi and rolls. The fried fish was the highlight for me. You can eat the whole thing including the bones - so crispy and delicious! It came with a soy + rice wine vinegar dipping sauce.Some of the rolls were so good, we ordered 3 rounds of the same ones: Sake Ikura, Kyuri Special. What was disappointing though were the "spicy" rolls like the "spicy" lobster roll and the "spicy" tuna roll - they were not spicy at all.
4	Sitting here having dinner and I see beautiful people from around the world in this place, it's vegas so everyone is dressed up and going all out. This place seems to be casual, but again, it's vegas people are looking good and want to spend money.BUT once in a while I see girls walking by who don't seem to belong here because of what they are wearing ( tank tips, jeans and dirty sneakers and the managers are wearing even worse clothes )...BUT I just figured out that these girls are the hostesses, I asked asked my waitress about what they are wearing and she told me " I know, it's crazy, they have no dress code"! I've never seen that before , some restaurants here the hostesses are the best thing about them...not this place!!!The food is great, but I heed the whole package if we're paying this $$$$ much for dinner. It's Vegas!!!!! Throw a rock and get some cute hostesses with style, it will step you up...food is very good, sushi chefs are great, my waitress was awesome, alive and happy, they are the backbone here.but don't expect charm as you walk in, because you'll be surprised...Food is good....
4	Awesome vibe and great sashimi.  Suggest going with one of the platters to share plus you get a great variety.  The Blue Ribbon Platter is enough for 5.
3	Date & Time:  Thursday March 27, 2014 @ 10pmLocation:  The CosmopolitanDining Companions:  The Husband & His Cousins- Jackie, Norman, BarryScene:  Groups of Guys in Sport Coats, Open-Collar Shirts & Girls in Little Black DressesMusic:  EDMDecor:  Contemporary Sushi Bar & RestoService:  Cute & Friendly Imbibe:  CucumberDevour:  Cosmopolitan Sushi Platter, Seared Kobe Beef, OystersTotal:  $350
2	I have to say the only great thing about this place is that it stays open until 2am. At around midnight my friends and I worked up quite an appetite. We went to every restaurant in the Cosmopolitan and everyone was closed. We were very surprised, isn't this Vegas?!So I give Blue Ribbon props for being the only place open in the hotel. However, the food was very pricey. Then again, it is Vegas and it is to be expected. I ordered the spicy tuna roll which was just average. It was very small and priced at $14. I had a severe allergic reaction to it which was not fun. I have never had that happen to me before when I have eaten sushi in the past. I want to say they may have perhaps mixed it on counters that were exposed to shellfish? I'm not really sure, but it was unfortunate. I also had the skewered meatballs which were tasted average. These were a bit more cheaper ($9) and came with quite a decent portion size. I would only recommend coming here if you need food this late at night!
1	Bad service at places like this is unacceptable. We sat at the sushi bar and none of the sushi chefs never even recognized us for whole 2 hrs we were there. After paying 500 some dollars for sashimi plates and lobster sashimi (it supposed to be their specialty), all we got was a bad stomachache. We will not go back.
3	Love coming here whenever I am in town. The fish is extremely fresh and the edamame is some of the best I have ever had. The only reason I give it three stars is because it is quite pricey, I have never left paying less than $100 for two people.
2	Very salty on everything we ordered and the sashimi was not the quality I had expected.   Could have something better at naked fish for 20% of the bill. Sashimi was sliced very uneven and simply not too fresh.  Maybe my expectation was too high looking at their price. The sake here is extremely expensive as well. Will never come back again.
3	I used to really like Blue Ribbon.  I've been here several times before, but I have to say each time I've been less and less impressed.  The sushi and sashimi are fresh and portion sizes are pretty good.  However, I found the rolls to sort of bland (not much flavor).  Service is spotty, some times I've received really good service, other times, service has been slow.  I used to love their green tea martinis but on a recent trip, I was disappointed to find out they changed their recipe :-(.    FYI... if you like red meat and bone marrow, you have to try the Oxtail Fried Rice!  Brown rice, little bits of oxtail, bone marrow, spicy sauce.. delicious!  For two, make sure you ask for the half order.  According to our server, the regular order serves 4.
2	I don't know when was the last time prior to this one that I felt robbed at a restaurant. This place is very well built for ambiance.  The tables, and interior is very cool looking.  The food is excellent (as excellent as your local good sushi place in your home town).  However in your home down, the rolls and sushi are about three times less expensive.For example:Spicy Tuna roll in my hometown best sushi place is about 7$ for 8 pieces.  Blue Ribbon? 18$ for 6 pieces.That theme goes across the whole menu and while I understand its the Vegas markup....the markup has to come with some flair.  You need to give me something my sushi house back home doesn't offer and a nice ambiance is not enough.I highly discourage this place as there are cheaper and equally good places around the strip.
4	They'll make spicy tuna on crispy rice if you ask nicely, and their un-fried veggie rice is pretty legendary.
5	I absolutely loved this place. My husband and I sat at the bar and tried almost everything. The sushi chefs were nice and surprised us with a great meal! I especially loved the kanpachi and yellowtail.
1	As I read other yelp reviews, I begin to think...I'm sure we didn't order the right things. This place was a huge disappointment and robbed us of our time and money. We stumbled upon this place because they were the only nice restaurant still open late at the Cosmopolitan, where we were staying. We sat inside a very dark dining room where I could barely make out my boyfriend's face.  The music was blaring and I couldn't talk to my date, besides yelling - It wasn't intimate. The menu is expansive and rather tedious to look through. We decided on a few sushi rolls and nigiri. I always start with a miso soup ($7) for a small bowl and you have to mix in your own miso paste. I mixed all of my miso paste into the hot water... But It didn't blend in well and took me a while. When it was finally blended - it was not warm anymore. So I was pretty much sipping on room temperature miso. To top it off, it was bland. It's appalling how much they charge for sushi rolls that come out in 4 or 6 small pieces. I recall the "dragon eel, avocado, radish sprouts" - it's just your typical caterpillar roll - nothing extravagant. The eel was your standard eel and not even with a thicker piece of meat, paper thin avocado, and radish sprouts. Crazy simple and no frills. It came out in 6 small pieces and was $21.75. It wasn't memorable and I only remember that there was a lot of radish sprout flavor. We also ordered the "Ebi tempura fried shrimp, radish sprouts, avocado" - just like your typical crunchy roll. Nothing about this was fancy or special. All I recall was tasting radish sprouts and rice. $14.75 and it came out in 4 pieces.  $5.50 for 1 piece if sake (salmon nigiri). We had to order 2 of them and spent over $10 for 2 small pieces of nigiri. The salmon was cut thinner than the average sushi restaurant. It was fresh and buttery but there wasn't anything special about it and not worth the price that they charge. We spent well over $90 for bits of food here and there and lots of radish sprouts and we left unsatisfied and hungry.
4	Nice atmosphere and extremely good sushi and sashimi. Only negative side if any, the prices that are pretty high even for Las Vegas. Overall good experience though, recommend the place if you pass by at the Cosmo.
2	Great Group Spot, but Not what we expected. We were staying at the Cosmopolitan and went here with 10 people, was quiet but we went for an early dinner. Made a reservation and still sat down late, slow service, menu variety was okay, for what you get its is overpriced. Food quality was good, but not a sushi lovers destination. However, the fried Chicken was Awesome! This was the best dish and redeemed this place, a little. Soy Sauce is Very Poutant, forgot our edaname, bought it out at the very end with the bill. Overall, it was very average! there are better sushi places in Vegas
3	Went on recommendation based on NYC location.  We sat at the sushi bar which I always find interesting. All items were new as the menu tries to be unique.  Tool awhile to place our order as we wanted to choose wisely.  The waiter seemed more impatient than wanting to help.  Nobody was disrespectful, but nobody went out of their way.  Some of the choices were excellent:Kyuri Special was truly special.  The tuna was amazing.Rest were good but not great and the price dictated that it be GREAT.  We had in total 2 pieces of sushi, 5 rolls and 2 beers and a bill with tip of $135.  Not sure if the best spend.
3	Call it 3.5 stars. I was staying in the Cosmo and, having dined at Blue Ribbon in NY, thought this would be a tasty and convenient choice. It was certainly convenient and was overall a pretty decent meal, though, to me, not worthy of 4 stars. THE GOOD-Our server was very pleasant-The decor was modern and sleek, yet very comfortable. Try to sit at one of the banquets if you can. -The house salad (with avocado and ginger dressing) was really good and was perhaps the largest appetizer salad I've ever been served in a sushi joint. -Sushi (I had the 7 piece sushi and tuna roll combo) was good, but not great. -The ginger bread pudding was stellar; probably the best thing we ate. THE NOT SO GOOD-The Woodford Reserve on the rocks I ordered was a minuscule pour. I expected more for $16-Sushi was good, but not great. For these prices, even in Vegas, the Sushi should be super fresh and really tasty. -My meal cost $88. Looking back on what I ordered, it was just not a good value. I don't regret dining at Blue Ribbon, but with so many great food options in Vegas, I would probably not return.
4	Whilst I had a craving for Japanese, based on Yelp reviews, I really tossed up going here. In the end I figured what could it hurt. I'm glad I did, and even went back 2 nights later! Each time I sat at the sushi bar (first time front, second out back) and the service was great - gotta love seeing your food prepared in from of you and then the sushi chefs handing you your dish immediately!Night 1 - Started with Tuna Tataki - perfect amount of garlic and the tuna itself was delicious and fresh. Next had a piece of yellowtail & tuna sushi. The yellowtail was delish so I ordered a second one. Night 2 -  Salmon tartare - perfectly fresh, smooth & fatty lightly minced salmon, with a perfect amount of soy sauce to go with the quail eggCombined Yellowtail/Tuna/Salmon maki inside out roll - possibly the best maki roll I've ever eaten! The only downside again is the price - especially for the sashimi / sushi (hence the 4 not 5 stars)Fun Fact - for non Americans - what is listed on menus as sushi is what is generally called Nigiri in at least Japan / Australia (piece of fish / meat / vegetable on top of a piece of rice)
5	I ventured on the path I said I would never venture back down again...Chef's Choice.  The presentation was incredible, the sushi phenomenal, all around fantastic experience.  I'm so glad I opted to allow the chef to prepare, we ate fish we would have never ordered on our own.  Champagne was great, sushi to die for, and dessert and red wine topped the night off at 5*****s.  Service was amazing, and I loved the casual atmosphere!
4	Was in town for a business conference. Decided to eat at Blue Ribbon before going to see Jersey Boys. Ordered the Filet of beef with Japanese sweet potato. The beef (grass fed) was perfectly cooked had amazing flavor, potatoes were delicious as well. Wife had short ribs with celery root puree, also delicious and very tender. Desert was a perfect cap on the dinner. Bread pudding with carmel sauce and ginger ice cream. One of the best bread puddings I have had.
3	It is a pricey restaurant and the food is alright. The sushi, however, are super fresh. The atmosphere is kind of rowdy, not a place for a romantic dinner. Definitely try their scallop sashimi, super fresh!
5	I had dinner here recently with some colleagues.  It was absolute delicious.  It is much more than a sushi restaurant.  They had a lot of great appetizers and grilled entrees, besides sushi and sashimi.  They have two counters of sushi chefs in the middle of each room of the restaurant.  You can actually sit at the counter or at regular tables.  We choose a regular table.Our waiter was very attentive and offered suggestions when we had questions.  Since I am doing a no carb diet, I am not eating rice.  I ended up having a wonderful grilled scallop dish.  It normally comes with rice but they put a really tasty veggie mix with it instead.  Really good.  My colleagues had a mix of different sushi and sashimi.  Everyone seemed to like their dishes.  We did start with the black cod in miso appetizer.  It was yummy.  I definitely will be back here.  It was tasty and we had good service.
1	If i could give 0 stars i would. Do not eat here. I'm staying at the mgm & went to blue ribbon for dinner last night. Started to feel unusually full during half the light meal of salmon row salmon sushi & had a tuna roll as well.   I can usually down 3 times the amount i ordered so i didnt overdo it by any means. Went for a walk after dinner feeling totally bloated. Went to bed a couple hours later and woke up puking my guts out. I never get sick like this EVER. We narrowed it down to tuna probably being the culprit since i was the only order at our table. Saw my dinner in reverse & felt way better. Food poisoning at its finest. In addition this place is a rip off. The small amount i ordered was $60. Rediculous. Eat here at your own risk. Never going back.
5	I had dinner here tonight for my sisters 23rd birthday.  We were looking for a restaurant/bar atmosphere and love sushi, and blue ribbon turned out to be perfect!! It is dark and a little loud, but nothing overwhelming... in fact, it was perfect- you can still hear each other, but the people next to you can't hear you.  Definitely contributed to the great atmosphere.  It is a little bit pricy which made me nervous, many sushi places in Vegas are over-priced with tiny portions and aren't worth the money.  We ordered the 18 piece sashimi deluxe platter for $56.00. It was so worth it, the sashimi was so fresh and had amazingly distinct taste.  Melted in our mouths! We also had edamame and roasted shishito peppers, in addition to a bottle of sake and a cocktail.  The drinks were very good and reasonably priced. I will definitely be back for that sashimi!The service was FANTASTIC! Our concierge was very considerate when making the reservation, and communicated to the restaurant that it was a birthday.  They brought out complimentary desert which was nice.  Our waitress was very attentive and touched the table the perfect amount. We were there a while and her shift ended half way through our meal, and she introduced us to our server who was taking over, Mark, and he was great.Definitely recommend this, especially if youre looking for a nice place to eat before going to marquee!
5	This place is amazing, just had dinner there a few weeks ago. Anything you try on the menu is phenomenal. Some of my favorites are the Lobster Roll With black caviar, the King Crab Fried Rice, Nuta Ae, Seared Seabass and the 8 oz Wagyu New York Strip. The drinks are to die for as well. The Bar always knows what to suggest and pair for every meal. The service their is also outstanding, The waiter knew what to suggest, paid attention to detail, and we didn't have to wait long to get our food. This restaurant is definitely a must visit while staying in Las Vegas. Its
5	Sushi was amazing and service was top notch. Allison was our waitress and super professional and helpful. forgot his name but Philippino guy was super nice too!
5	Everything we had was great... Sushi, sashimi, and Scottish Salmon, but the Fried Chicken has won numerous awards in NY and NV and is well worth the visit... Dip the fried chicken in the plum and hot sauce, and it will make you see visions. So good!
2	I went with a group of 6 ready to spend some $.  I've been to this restaurant a total of 3 times, so here goes:The service is nothing compared to the food they have to offer.  The servers are rude and very snobby.  They were very short with their descriptions and made very bad reccommendations after we've specifically told them what we were looking for.  We asked the server for some good reccomendations for sake, something special, nothing too cheap.  He pointed at the wine list and said "there's the menu, you can look inside to see what you like."  We told them that the sake they had in the menu wasn't what we were looking for, the server then said "then, what you see is what we have, nothing else."  Very not helpful.  Then we saw one of the GM, Chase, fortunately remembered us from before and then started helping us from then on, bringing out their best sakes from the "inside" cellar.  After that, the servers then started to be nicer and more attentive after seeing how much money we were willing to spend on our dinner there.  (not the type of service i was looking for, i believe all paying customers should be treated the same to have the best experience at any restaurant.)The sashimi is incredible, all a la carte, top of the line sashimi sold by piece, not per order.  They have toro that comes in 3 different levels, something you can definitely order and taste the differences between all of them.  They have a few different fishes that you probably can't order anywhere else so the selection is very top of the line.  Of course they have other regular sashimi but the quality is always fresh, something i think is guaranteed everytime you go.  They have Uni that is prepared in the shell and served, delish!
4	The atmosphere was really cool. The bartender was friendly and there are TVs on the walls which gives you a bit of a sports bar kind of vibe. The food was awesome and the drinks were strong. The bathroom setup could be a little better and that's the only reason I'm giving it a 4 star rating. Overall a great experience dining there ;). I would sure go back given the chance.
5	I was on a roll at the casino and decided to spend some of it at the sushi bar.  Great choice.  I has a couple of rolls and a glass of wine.  Everything was excellent.  The prices aren't cheap, but I felt like the quality was very good. the service was excellent, and the presentation was well done.
1	Bad Chu-toro. No apology from management. It's one of more expensive selection. Obviously not in high demand. Someone should have checked the freshness   Won't return again for pot luck.Signed - My upset stomach
5	After walking around comparing restaurants, we decided to try this restaurant. We ordered oxtail fried rice, sushi rolls (yellow tail, salmon and tuna combo), and unagi bowl. Every dish exceeded expectation and we are Asian foodie, def suits an Asian taste buds. Price was ok as the portions were reasonable (not small bites size), would recommend to others to try.
2	Okay....so if you've followed my gastro-journal for any length of time, you can attest to the fact that I tend to focus on the brighter side of food, keeping negative reviews short and delicate. Yet, when a restaurant puts out food with prices that warrant a 5th yelp dollar sign, let's just say I am tougher to please....
1	As a local, I have been to many sushi restaurants in the city.  Some very expensive and some more reasonable.  My advice is to skip this place and go to Sushi Kaya in Chinatown or go to Sushi Samba at the Palazzo.  Went here with a friend to catch up and get some appetizers and drinks.  The shumai (3 tiny pieces) was awful and it was ridiculously over-priced.  The lychee martinis tasted like v8 juice and tasted nothing like lychee.  The bill was close to $80 just for maybe 2 appetizers and two martinis.  Will never come back here.  To top it off, the bartenders were annoying and wouldn't leave us alone.  Eat elsewhere!  A buffet would have been a much better option had I known the prices were insane.
2	I was generally unimpressed with this place.The atmosphere, although dark and serene, was not on par with a Vegas strip restaurant. I didn't care for the deep chairs. It made it very hard to have a conversation and we kept finding ourselves leaning over the table to hear each other over the loud music and background noise. The service was terrible. It took me 15 minutes to get a water. Another 15 mins to get my cocktail, which was horrible (cucumber-hi) and lacked flavor. I don't know if they were running short on menus, but they kept trying to take them away from us. We had to tell our waitress repeatedly to please leave the menus.
5	MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE PLACE TO GET SUSHI!!! Yes I'm yelling, its that good.   every time I go I have loved EVERYTHING on the menu, they are very accommodating and i don't even know where to start.  I wish vegas didn't have a ton of restaurants cause otherwise i would have every single meal here!!
1	Wow. Coming from Hawaii I obviously don't expect great phenomenal sushi in Vegas but hey, didn't expect this to be so ORDINARY.  Seriously. The sushi chefs must be like teenagers because the cuts for sashimi were inconsistent and overall not good cuts. The spicy lobster roll was hoso maki sized and had literally only the filling of spicy lobster. No vegetable. Super unsatisfying. Vegetable tempura was soggy. And just in general very nasty. No flavor. Hate this place. Would never come back. Waste of $150
5	Wow i don't get all the bad reviews.I came with 2 friends and had the most amazing meal ever. We just stopped by on the quicks and glad we did. I would say this place is kinda pricey, but i can't complain.I simply had 2 tiger rolls and breaded chicken wings. OMG sooo GOOD! The wings were marinated perfectly and also the sauce that came with it was very good. We had an awesome server (Joey) and we were well taken care of. We simply sat at the bar and watched the chefs do their work. Although, if i were to come next time, i would simply sit at a table. I kind of like my privacy when talking and that you won't have when the chefs are 3ft away from you. Price for tiger roll i believe was $24 and for the wings $20. So would i come back? Hell Yes!
4	Came with my team and hAd amazing sushi, sashimi and rolls. Service was excellent. Waiter tried to talk us into having fried chicken and that was the only item that was just kind of ok. If you are a group of 4 or more go for the blue ribbon platter. Best value!!
5	Fantastic experience. Came here Wednesday night while in town. Great service and environment.
5	Amazing! I've been here twice now and was wowed both times. You cannot go wrong with the fried chicken or the oxtail fried rice. They are transcendent. As other reviewers have noted, the lighting is dim, however, unless you've got cataracts or something you should be able to see and read just fine. Similarly with the reviewers who said the restaurant was too loud-- crank down your hearing aid, this is Vegas. I acknowledge that the prices are higher, but you get what you pay for, and they are not unreasonable. The staff is knowledgable and polite.
4	So after hearing so much about their fried chicken me and the wifey had to check this place out. Place is nice and comfy. We tries the fried chicken and oh my it was amazing!! We also had a couple of rolls which were really food as well.
4	This place seems to get a wide range of reviews and my advice would be to sit at the sushi bar for the best food and service. If you are staying at the Cosmopolitan, this is a great place to grab some good Sushi and Sake as then head out for the night. A little pricey for sure, but you are in Vegas.
5	The last day of Restaurant Week Las Vegas, we decided to visit Blue Ribbon Sushi, somewhere we've never been.  From the moment we walked in till the end of the meal, everything was very pleasant.  Everyone was smiling and seemed like they really enjoyed being there.  The ambience was lively and all the guests seemed like they were all having a good time. Definitely a hip place for date night or a group event.We ordered from the Restaurant Week menu and sure there was sushi, miso soup as part of the first course but there was short ribs AND fried chicken. Say what?!?! Fried chicken at a sushi joint? YUP! Do it, it was awesome! You'd think ordering fried chicken at a sushi joint is like picking up sushi at a gas station, but that is so far from it.  The chicken was awesome.  The Asian inspired seasoning accompanied by the honey wasabi something or another sauce made it an awesome interpretation of fried chicken. A definite MUST HAVE. DO IT!We opted for the add on: king crab leg truffled fried rice.  We loved it.  Now a days, truffle is the 'in' thing but this dish was beautiful made.  The truffle was not over powering and the king crab was quite generous.  Everything was mixed table side, which made for a wonderful presentation and kept us salivating.  Our dinner ended with our last course: dessert.  The portions during Restaurant Week was perfect.  We were already full but when two beautifully presented desserts laid right in front you, you have no choice but to try it, just a bite.  The ginger bread pudding was delightful and the chocolate dessert most definitely satisfied our sweet tooth.  The service was very nice. Everyone we came across was engaging and did something to contribute to a very pleasant and wonderful experience.  Thank You Blue Ribbon Sushi, we'll be back for another date night!
4	Came here for dinner, food was good. Food was real good. The wagyu was on point, sushi was great. Fish felt fresh. The sake choices were a bit over whelming but I had a good amount of it. Everything tasted find, and the menu choices were excellent.I would have given this a 5 star if it wasn't for the asshole of a waiter we had. I'm assuming it's because we decided to dress pretty down but he was acting like we couldn't afford shit at this place. A young couple dressed very casually, doesn't deserve the same treatment the table next to us was given apparently. Half way through the meal he had to go on break and then we got an amazing waiter, very helpful and attended to our needs. But that first guy left a pretty sour taste in my mouth for this place. I might try it again, solely for the food. Not the shitty attitudes.
1	My goodness my poor people don't come here I got a tiny little roll for 17+ dollars and I'm still starving!!!!
4	My first time dining at this restaurant and I was very happy with the service and the food. The waiter was very enthusiastic and helpful.  The oxtail fried rice was amazing.  So flavorful and delicious.  A but over priced but what so you expect?!!!  It's Vegas!!  The hamachi roll was not very impressive and was very small at $17.  The clam in butter sauce was also pretty tasty.  They have a good selection of cocktails and I must say I'm not a big drinker but the drinks tasted so refreshing and yummy it made me want to order another one.  Definitely will be coming back to try their other dishes.
4	Sashimi was fresh, but fried chicken was dry.  I adore the decoration of this place.
5	I had a couple hours to kill before catching my flight out of Vegas and remembered I saw this place did happy hour a while back online. I went down to the concierge who informed me he didn't think they still offered happy hour but I could go up and check. Sure enough happy hour was a go! You can only order the cheap food at the bar bar- not the sushi bar. It's really a steal! I have 3 kinds of sushi and a water and left feeling full, happy, fancy and only spending about 20 bucks. The bartender was friendly enough and the sushi was fresh and tasty. The happy hour is a great deal!
4	Hand's down one of the freshest and tastiest Sushi and Sashimi we have had in a while.  We were a party of 4 dining very late for a friend birthday and the staff was very nice and happy to accommodate us.We ordered the sushi platter and a few extra salmon sashimi pieces and washed it all down with some champagne. A little on the expensive side but you get what you pay for :) I recommend this place if you are not super hungry and want to try some high quality sushi without breaking the bank! We will definitely be back
5	fried chicken -------b-a-n-a-n-a-s
1	This place is a fatal combination of overpriced and under delivers.  The sushi prices approach those of Masa or Sushi Yasuda with none of the quality or selection you expect from sushi in this price range.  The quality and cut of the fish  would not even rank as mediocre in Tokyo or Osaka. The fried chicken was greasy and lacking flavor or crunch. The sweet wasabi honey sauce only covers up how flavorless the chicken is. Don't wast time with this place. Head over to Milos, China Poblano or Jaleo for a much more satisfying experience.
4	It's probably weird that I come to Vegas and eat sushi every night (especially since there is great sushi in Boston).  Hey--if my clients are paying for it, I WILL EAT ALL THE SUSHI.I went to Blue Ribbon in a group of 10.  4 of us shared the massive Blue Ribbon sushi sampler, while the rest ordered non-sushi entrees.  We were hungry hippos, and after polishing off the sampler the 4 of us ordered 4-5 additional rolls.  Our favorite items were the fatty salmon sashimi, the eel & avocado roll, and there was a tuna soaked in some sort of ginger mixture that was delicious.We also shared two bottles of the Malbec, which was great.  Overall, I had a great experience at Blue Ribbon and would return next time I come to Vegas!
2	Don't do it. After a long day of work , I thought I would quick order some sushi from the cosmo's sushi restaurant .. I obviously Yelp things but I didn't even check this place out bc I honestly assumed it must be good if it's in the Cosmo. Wrong. Ordered edamame, tuna tartare & an order of maki Dragon roll (eel, avocado and sprouts). Tuna was an appetizer but it was honestly about 4 bites (I assumed since it was so pricey it was going to be a large portion) sushi was not good at all. The eel was dry and kinda smelly, just overall wasn't a fresh, good sushi roll. Edamame was great but how can you mess up steamed beans  I was bummed. Just annoyed that I spent $60 on those 3 items.. Which I would've been ok with had it been delicious . I'm aware sushi isn't cheap nor is Vegas but it wasn't even worth $20 to be honest
4	Super cool fresh fish different kind of salmon We had omakase for 2 and it was enought they even make us try some fish.
4	Very fresh and tasty sushi.  This was our second time and it did not disappointed. Octopus was very fresh.we started with the Edamme and fried chicken (which is a house specialty) Our rolls were amazing , Spicy crab roll, spicy lobster roll , tako sumiso and dynamite. the Tuna was very fresh. We enjoyed our wait staff and the ambiance. We sat on the outside terrace and enjoyed people watching as it was almost midnight and everyone was on there way to the clubs and coming out of shows.
4	Third time eating at this place and both times we did not have sushi. Odd? No not really because they are known for their fried chicken and oxtail fried rice! The seasoning of the fried chicken is to die for and that oxtail fried rice tho!! Minus a star because you get 4 pieces of fried chicken for $28. Kinda much but hey, it's Vegas and you're expected to spend an arm and a leg. Yeah is go back. Because I love food.
3	Really really really expensive, wouldn't eat here if i'm the one who's gonna pay. Food is good but comes in super small servings.
1	Hello, shrimps. Nice to look you dead (literally) in the eye. Be forewarned: if you're planning on ordering shrimp, you may want to ask them to take their eyes or entire heads off first. This restaurant actually came recommended to me; but don't expect me to recommend it to you. I suppose you shouldn't look for really great sushi on the strip, right? You'd assume there wouldn't be an appealing, non-buffet dinner option? WRONG. Blue Ribbon has so much potential but at some point or another drops the ball like New York on New Year's Eve. Not only was I disappointed with the overall atmosphere of the restaurant, the food was portioned small and didn't have much flavor to it, including the table's soy sauce which was extremely salty. Even the fried rice was a large disappointment. What's odd to me, however, is that the sushi bar seemed to be rollin' out the rolls at every turn with ornate and decorate garnishes with delicious looking delights. Yet, we could never find out where they'd disappear to?Should've just gone with the Vegas instinct; when in doubt, buffet it is.
4	Nice place, great sushi
3	The sushi is good but there is much better around. I heard rave reviews of this place for so long that it really left me disappointed. I think there are many better options at a similar price point. Blue Ribbon is no big deal. Overpriced for what it is and located in a dumpy hotel so it attracts a lower scale clientele than the price point would lead you to believe.
3	It's cool. I mean for its location yeah the price would be up there but the food can be found off the strip for much cheaper. We ended eating here for dinner since the club was feeling whatevers.
5	Sushi is my favorite and this spot did not disappoint!The house special oxtail fried rice with marrow is delicious and they offera half-order was great since it was just 2 of us.Also we enjoyed the sashimi platter, including salmon, halibut, tuna, hamachi, eel, shrimp, eel and silverfish. The best part of the dinner was making friends with the couple sitting next to us, we exchanged business cards and chatted for awhile, it's so exciting to meet new peeps and explore the positive energy that flows between.Great nite!!
1	Wilted, soggy house salad. Tiny sushi pieces over balls of sushi rice that breaks apart. Sloppy presentation. This is no better than a strip mall sushi joint. Prices are laughable. There are many more satisfying options around the area.
2	Not sure why management is dressed in casual shirts and jeans.  It really brought down the whole feel for the restaurant, but I digress.The food!Our server left us pretty early on and one of the managers helped us out.  Except he was terrible at explaining everything, so we just ended up nodding and not even knowing what we ordered (probably the omakase).  The presentation barely fit on the table, and while the sashimi was good, we agreed that the second plate of rolls and other sushis were probably better.  Nothing is too memorable other than being quite full.  I recognize that this place is expensive (every other review talks about how pricey it is), but this is coming from someone who didn't even pay for my meal (shout out to my wonderful friends!), it probably isn't worth how little or much you pay here, I wouldn't come back.Also, dangit, I forgot to try the wings.  So if you're stuck at Blue Ribbon right now, reading reviews for what to get, that's what you're supposed to get.  I remembered reading about it but forgot, then someone asked us if we got it when we told him where we had eaten.  Oh well.
5	The ambiance is amazing and a great restaurant to go for date nights or simply a night out. Highly recommend their Ox Tail Fried Rice
5	I have uploaded some of the menu. The food here is extremely delicious and tasty. So far we have had the Fried octopus, need marrow, and oxtail fried rice. The food compliments each other without any over powering flavors. Super yummy. The sauces are lip smacking. Definitely a great choice.  It's pricey but well worth it. The only down side is It's a bit too dark in here. I wish that the light was a bit brighter. Other than that, everything was perfect.  Anson, out waiter, was very patient and took good care of our table full of hyper girls. Very fast service (however we made reservations and arrived right at opening). Great service
5	Awesome 80s Music.
5	Absolutely amazing experience. The decor utilizes a lot of unique and intriguing woodwork, which gives it a feel unlike anything else. Our server was phenomenal, full of useful suggestions and not pushy at all. Sometimes in nicer restaurants you can feel pushed to get the most expensive item on the menu, but not this time. The pan-fried duck gyoza were TO DIE FOR. Absolutely astounding. I've had a lot of edamame in my day, but theirs was amazing. We ordered the chef's choice platter and the Honoo platter and they were a great choice. The chef's platter was visually stunning, and a great deal if you want to sample some different shashimi and nigiri. Not somewhere I would go every time I'm craving sushi, but I will definitely keep this one in mind for a nice night out in the future.
3	The service was pretty good. The food was quite delicious but way too expensive. I live in vancouver and maybe this was a waste of money for me. I loved the ambiance and they did have a unique spin on a few things. I prob won't go back.
5	The grilled octopus chef special appetizer knocked my socks off. Truly fabulous! I had no idea the Omakase was going to be so huge or I wouldn't have started with the app! The Omakase they brought out to me absolutely swept me away. The presentation was unbelievable including the freshly filleted snapper portion. I would come back here in a heartbeat. Truly a top notch sushi restaurant!
4	Awesome sushi, our server was tops, the drinks were tasty and the room was cool. We ordered the $100 per person sushi sashimi chefs sampler, some edamame and green tea martinis. We had those little Mochi balls for dessert and it was such a good idea and nice sweet cap to the mild perfection of the sashimi. I liked every bit of sushi placed before me, except for the Blue Ribbon Roll, it had some kind of leaf it, I just googled it, called a shiso leaf, it kind of ruined the role for me. It tasted like a mint leaf or basil and just didn't fit for me. After we removed the leaves the role was a little better, but still the lowest ranking item we ingested. The dragon roll was pure hot fire, like Dylan from Da Band. 4 stars, go here, eat here and enjoy! Thanks Blue Ribbon! Done
1	This sushi was so expensive and not worth the price at all. Small portions and marginal food. I would not recommend at all.
4	This restaurant is located on the 3rd Fl of the Cosmo in the Eastside Tower. There's "patio" seating where you can watch people walk by but it's still inside the casino. Lighting is very dim inside so fairly intimate. Our Order:Cosmopolitan Platter: ($85) Chef's Daily Sushi & Sashimi for 1Toshi's Choice: ($100) OmakaseOxtail Fried Rice: ($28.50) Daikon, Shiitake & Bone MarrowWe were seated in the back so we were able to watch the chefs prepare the dishes. Plate after plate was gorgeous! Presentation for our dishes were amazing as well. Everything was very fresh. The oxtail meat in the fried rice was so tender. The fried rice was very much a comfort food and I highly recommend it.We had to rush since we had to catch the Cirque du Soleil Show "O" within the hour so didn't get to enjoy the ambiance much. We let the waitress know when we sat down so she promptly got our orders down and the food to us a the timely manner. We made it just in time! Would definitely come back again.
1	Ordered a regular tuna roll and there was a bone in it... The tuna itself was not that good either. This place is very pricey and not great. I would recommend going somewhere else.
2	Mehhh. I feel like this place is extremely overpriced for what it is.  A girl friend and I decided to try this place out.  It's located on the third floor of the Cosmo and we sat at the sushi bar.  The men behind the sushi bar were slightly awkward.  I give them efforts to try to entertain us and be social with us, but they'd interrupt our conversation at times.  :/COSMOPOLITAN PLATTER: This was the Chef's daily sushi and sashimi for one.  There was uni in it and everything was fresh.  Presentation was also very nicely done.  My friend and I decided to share it because we weren't entirely hungry.  Even if I was eating the dish by myself I would totally still be hungry.  And it costs $85. Overall, this restaurant seems descent.  To me, I just think you're better off going elsewhere where you pay less and still get the same quality.
4	Best lychee martinis! Im a big fan of the rock shrimp tempura and the spicy tuna with the black caviar.
