4	KEVIN LEPINE DOES NOT DISAPPOINT!If you have never heard of him than you will be in for a treat!His show is similar to Anthony Cools and Mark Savard but just like the others, he has his own style and twist as well. Not for kids under 18. I REPEAT, NOT FOR KIDS UNDER 18! What Kevin brings to the table depends on what kind of crowd he has. If you and/or your party has the "Party like a rock star" attitude, than you guys will have an awesome time! You will have a more awesome time if you volunteer and are able to be put under. This the most important part of the show. If nobody volunteers, than I wouldnt blame Kevin for not having a good show at all.As for the show, everybody has fun whether you are the one hypnotized or the one watching. Dont worry, he doesnt make you take your clothes off or anything like that, BUT be prepared to laugh and be thoroughly entertained.So after eating some wings, go check him out. When I went, they were having a promo for 2 for 1 tickets. I wouldnt mind watching him again and actually volunteering now that I know what to expect, but that doesnt mean he will do the same antics as the last show.
5	This was an absolute riot!!  I wasn't sure what to expect coming in but it was totally real.  No actors, gimmicks or anything, just pure hypnosis and tons of fun!  The most I have laughed during any show.  Kevin was great at getting the audience pumped up as he went from bit to hilarious bit.  There were some really great moments throughout.  One of our friends went under and it made it THAT much better.  Won't spill any details but it's worth checking out.  I definitely plan trying my luck at getting hypnotized next time.   Yeah so it's at Hooters and the theater isn't worth millions of dollars but that doesn't mean KA isn't a big piece of crap.  You forgot all about that 20 minutes into the show as you can't wait to see what happens next.
5	The thing I find most amazing about Kevins show, is that he can be extremely brazen (as an adult show should be), yet maintain the stature of a total gentleman.  While I have never been a volunteer at his show, I have overheard their conversations with there friends, and I know that their experience was even more fun  than mine -  and I was laughing most of the show.  Yes, I liked it - well worth the money I spent.
5	This is the best hypnosis show in Las Vegas! If you have never seen a hypnosis show, this is the one you can't miss. If you have seen a hypnosis show, this one is better than you have ever seen.Kevin's high energy show will have people rolling in the floor with laughter. The new show time makes it easy for anyone to fit it into their schedule. The bigger the audience, the better the show.
5	I've only seen Kevin's show on the road. It is high energy, hilarious, respectful and amazing. I can only imagine what it must be like in the high-rolling energy of Vegas! This is a MUST SEE!
5	I didn't know what to expect but I couldn't stop laughing the entire time. I loved the show!
5	Love this show and the new location at Hooters Casino. Kevin's enthusiasm is infectious and really brings out the energy from the audience. The entire show moves steadily along without a lull like many other shows. Although Kevin is great, the audience is truly the star of the show with Kevin as the puppet master. He creates hilarious scenarios for the volunteers that had me rolling on the floor, laughing. You need to see it and be part of the show.
5	Excellent show.  Lots of audience participation.  Never a dull moment.
4	He was very entertains love the show worth seeing
5	I've seen this show four times and I'll continue to go to it at least a few times a year. It's perfect for a first date (i've brought three) because they'll be laughing uncontrollably and associate that good feeling with you. This show is high energy, creative, and interactive with the audience even if you're not a volunteer. Having seen it a few times, I can say that it's not the same show every time. There are a couple of 'suggestions' the volunteers engage in which can change from show to show keeping it fresh. However, even with the 'suggestions' that remain the same, seeing different people interpert them in their own way, it's always a new show. In an industry where performers can often think of themselves as demi-gods because they have their own show, Kevin is definately not one of those performers. He's possible the most appreciative person in all of Vegas for his show and most certainly for his audience. This isn't only my opinion, he'll tell you this himself during the show. And if you choose to meet him after the show for a picture or autograph, he'll tell you again and you can see for yourself how genuine his love for the audience is. Suggestions for show goers. If you're looking to just sit quietly and be entertained, this might not be for you (try a cirque show or something at the Smith Center). The show is high energy and really needs an active audience, whether it's volunteers to be hypnotized or a crowd to make noise and encourage the volunteers.
5	Kevin has a heart of gold and really loves to play with the audience. He really makes those on stage the stars of the show and does some really inventive, entertaining and wonderful things on stage. He crafts each show to highlight and create special moments for specific guests on his stage. At the end he gives the entire crowd a wonderful treat, the participants on stage will benefit the most, however. The crowd will applaud and enjoy themselves, but those on stage will go home with much more than the DVD (that they really should buy).Kevin has great energy and a deep appreciation of his audience; his attitude of gratitude is rare in "the biz."
5	As a Las Vegas local, I have seen a LOT of hypnosis shows, and I expected this one to be more or less the same. Boy was I wrong...it wasn't the same, it was BETTER! Kevin's self-deprecating humor and genuine sense of fun set the tone for this show. Even as an audience member, I felt like I was part of it. :) He treated the participants with respect  (something one does not always see in a hypnosis comedy show), and I left the show feeling that, after all, one CAN find variety and originality in Vegas.Kevin's show wasn't "just another hypnosis show". It is the only hypnosis show I would ever recommend to my friends and family, both in and out of Vegas.  Fun!
5	I was never really into hypnotist shows..   In fact, I was quite skeptical for many reasons...  For one, I like to have control over my thoughts and my actions at all times so the idea of letting go of all inhibitions is kind of foreign to me.  And secondly, EVERYONE thinks the same way I do.....  Right???  So how could anyone be open to being hypnotized??I was discussing this with a friend who suggested I go see another hypnotist's show who happens to be friends within our "group" of friends.  Let me tell you, I thought it was quite entertaining... I only saw half of this show because I had to run and do a gig.  But I left very curious about this whole process.  A month later, Kevin Lepine (who is a good friend of mine - but this has no bearing on my review) called me up to fill in as his assistant while his other assistant (our friend Erica Vanlee) was away doing a gig in Europe.  I was free during that time period so I had eagerly agreed to fill in.  Well, being an assistant gives you a whole new perspective on this hypnosis thing!!  It's quite a show!  The thing that I really like about Kevin's show is he brings out all the elements of emotion that you can possibly have and it's all within a one hour and 10 minute time period.  He will make you laugh (sometimes almost to tears), he will bring out an admiration for a couple who are truly in love, he will make you ummmmm let's just say...  make you have a lusty, fiery, desire.... he might make you genuinely cry and last but not least you will walk away from the show with a new inner spiritual awareness (without the religious influence).The comedy in this show which is truly driven by the audience volunteers but is craftily guided by Kevin does have a hint of our good friend, Amazing Johnathan's flavor.  Johnathan just recently retired from his long running show on the strip and has somewhat mentored Kevin Lepine into the astonishing performer that he is today!!All in all, you will LOVE this show!  Truly entertaining and Kevin Lepine is a very personable, approachable guy.  You WILL walk away remembering his name!!
5	This was a great show!!! I laughed so hard and I loved the audience participation. The more you participate, the more fun you will have. He does not embarrass anyone so the people who take the stage have volunteered to be hypnotized. He clearly states that his goal is not to intimidate or embarrass anyone so he will make them do funny stuff, but nothing humiliating. I wish I had the guts to participate!! I definitely regretted that!!! Awesome show and I wish him the best of luck with this show!!! WATCH IT!!
5	FABULOUS time at this show.  Kevin is really good at what he does and this show is great!   I must say, he is also very patient-  when two drunk loud-mouths wouldn't stop shouting and interrupting his show, he handled very well.  He gave them several warnings, them embarrassed the crap out of them & got them to shut up!    We talked to him after the show & he was just as nice and genuine as on stage.  Make this show a MUST SEE while in Vegas, you Will have a blast!!!
5	I went to this show for my bachelor Party this past weekend on Saturday March 2nd. It was one of the greatest shows ever!!!! I got hypnotized, and it was HILARIOUS!! Everybody had an awesome time, my friends said they have never laughed so hard!! You have to do this while you are in Vegas!! It is a must!!
5	Great show! Kevin knows how to entertain the crowd and gets you all involved. I would recommend this show to everybody who wants to laugh all night and have a great time ! I would definitely go see him again!!
5	I had a blast!  Kevin is genuine, funny, and high-energy.  I have seen several hypnosis shows, but this is by far the most enjoyable. I really appreciated the environment Kevin sets for both the audience and the folks onstage.  Once he puts you under, he has you do some fairly outlandish stuff, but it never feels like it's at anyone's expense.  He goes out of his way to make everyone feel like rock stars.  Everyone on and off-stage appeared to have a really great time. It was just a great show, and I plan to go again real soon!
5	I decided that I deserved a break from work, family, girlfriend, drama, etc. so I went to Vegas.  I've only been in Vegas 3 times.  I'm not a gambler, but I love people-watching.  Kevin's show was the first Vegas show I've attended in.  When he asked for volunteers from the audience, I said to myself "WTF!  I'm doing this!".  I went on stage and got selected to stay there.  Honestly, I'm not sure all of what happened after that, since I was there by myself.  What I DO know is that several people came up to me later and told me I was the star of the show.  They said that they had a GREAT time.  I even ran into people in the Casino that I'd never met that said the same thing!  Totally weird!As for me, I came away feeling a little weird, very relaxed, no stress, and feeling I could deal with anything!
5	Was in Vegas this past weekend with 4 of my friends celebrating birthdays and friendships. We are women in our late 40's and early 50's. We went to Kevin's show and had a blast! He is hilariously funny and high energy... a great entertainer. The antics onstage were really funny and we laughed the entire show. I will see his show again the next time I'm in Vegas AND I will go on stage next time. DON'T miss this show...you will laugh alot!!!!
5	OK... took the fam here (husband, son, mom dad), because I had so much fun at another show... and the tickets were readily available for Kevin. I wanted my husband and son to join in the audience participation and pushed them up to the stage to get hypnotized. When Kevin noted there were not enough women and asked for female volunteers, I reluctantly went up. My husband and son were sent off the stage as neither type A personalities could relax enough to go under. I guess I stayed. All I know is that my family told me they laughed their "#?!%" off and my son said he almost peed his pant. I saw the whole thing on the DVD my husband bought after the fact. I have had my doubts about the whole being "hypnotized" thing, but not any more. I saw myself do things I would have never done. Like sashay down to my husband and make-out with him... in front of an audience!!! All I can tell you is that I just did what Kevin told me too without really deciding too. So there. Go! It was fun.
5	I agree with what so many others have written here about Hypnosis Unleashed. This show is a high-energy, hilarious blast that left me in tears several times because I was laughing so much. Kevin Lepine is a true showman and host and a terrific hypnotist. Recommended!
5	Kevin was hysterical, the Time flew by....great entertainment for a great price..... The perfect package... Can't wait to see him again
1	Friday night.  Only 20 or 30 people in audience.  Kevin seems like a decent guy and worked hard but the entire venue sucked! Way too dark, looked like a conference room poorly converted.  Bought 2 drinks, the weakest drinks I have ever purchased anywhere, ever.  Another thing - He looked disheveled, almost strung out.  I've seen 6 or 7 hypnosis shows, sadly this was the worst.  Complete waste of time and money.
5	I am a Vegas native and honestly have been to many shows. Kevin's show was not overly produced and very intimate. The show was great, funny, and honestly very entertaining. I would suggest seeing this show if you are in town. I would avoid Hooter's cause the food stinks.
5	was part of the show!! had sooo much fun, lots of energy, kevin was awesome!!! totally recommend!!!!
5	This has to be the best show in Vegas, Kevin is amazing at what he does.  I will for sure be telling all my friends and family that it is a must see when they come to Vegas.
5	Kevin is a really great showman. Funny, like able, and throws a show like a party animal. If you are looking for fun, go see this hilarious performer.
5	Love it! Amazing and fun show! One of Vegas's best hidden shows! I say hidden because Ive never seen any advertisement. Had so much fun!! Screw chris angel and his crappy show, Kevin's show is way better!!!
4	I like this show but I must warn you that it is extremely offensive and foul. Definitely, do not brings kids to this show. I did find his act to be hilarious, but don't say that I did not warn you. The venue is sketchy and small and the way to get to the show is weird as well. The show is in the Hooters casino which is dirty as it is so this place fit right into that. I would say that this show is worth the price as it was not that expensive and I was entertained but not really sure why he feels the need to curse and drop "F" bombs every other word.
5	there was three of us that went to see this show. wasn't sure what to expect since it was at a Hooters Casino. I have been to other hypnosis shows but not in Vegas. I want to say "Don't bring the kids to the show!" but why would someone bring kids to Vegas much less a hypnosis show? I have seen worse at local comedy clubs! my two friends volunteered to go up and I stayed back. someone had to watch their things. what he had in his show wasn't that bad. I was NOT embarrassed for anyone up there and I would have no issues letting my girlfriend or wife go up there. for a Vegas show the price was good. I would go back again and bring friends. considering the time of day (7:30pm) and the fact it was a Wednesday, and at a Hooters, it was half full. sorry, can't get the fact it was at a Hooter's out of my head. generally I go to Hooter's for the "wings" and beer! so bottom line, you're in Vegas, a town built for adults, and you want to see a hypnosis show that is different then most others, go see this one!
5	My wife and I went on our second night in Vegas and wow what an awesome show. Kevin was a fantastic performer and the show was absolutely hilarious. We had an amazing time and I highly recommend it to anyone. You can also talk to Kevin after the show and he is a cool guy, he is very approachable and just an all around cool dude.
5	What a great show!  My husband and I decided on this show simply because it was close and we had walked the entire length of the strip earlier in the day. I'm SO glad we did! A lot of reviews for on about how raunchy his show it, but I don't think that's true. It's adult humor and it warns you of that right off the bat. And, it is hilarious.  My stomach hurt from laughing so much during the show! I only wished that I would have been brave enough to go up, but they were filming a reality show that night and I didn't want to end up on TV. He sticks around after the show to meet and greet and seems like a really nice guy. Also, as a side note, Military get tickets for $12, which is a huge discount. They also give you a free beer for every ticket you purchase. Great show. Great discount. Free beer. Can't beat it!
5	There are a few hypnosis shows in town and I have seen all of them. No one puts the hard work in that Kevin Lepine does. We had a smallish crowd as it was Tuesday night yet Kevin still had a stage full of volunteers, or "Stars of the show" as he calls them.Nice big multilevel showroom with a bar and restroom. Well lit and cool stage effects.Some other shows may have the "stars" doing things that although the hypnotist says they will never be embarrassed about Kevin knows where the line is between 'racy' and 'over the line' and he never really crosses it. If you require blow up dolls and chair coitus this show may not be for you.If you are into having fun and feeling good about yourself then definitely come see Hypnosis Unleashed starring Kevin Lepine
4	There are currently three hypnosis type shows in Vegas (that I know of).  This is the second best one.This show has adult themes and language.  (Not as over the top as Marc Savard)This show is at Hooters and that is the worst thing about the show.  All the hypnosis shows are very similar except for the location and how well you like the style of the host. (See my review of Marc Savard for more details on these kind of shows)The bad.  Hooters show room is upstairs and you feel like you are in your attic.  The chairs aren't comfortable and it just has a rundown atmosphere and feels like no one cares about the experience.   The only show I have seen here that fit this decor was the Todd Paul show. (Which I loved)The good.  Kevin is a great guy and you will enjoy him a lot.  He is very friendly, outgoing and likeable.  He will chat with you after the show and answer all your questions.  He doesn't rush anyone to get them out of there either.  I was very impressed with him.  I ran into him in the casino before the show and recognized him from the flyer and he was more than willing to spend a few minutes with people that he had no idea were going to the show.This show would be a must see if the location was different.http://www.kevinlepine.com
5	Went with my Wife and friends to see Hypnosis Unleashed Dec. 19th.  Hooters gives you a free (anything they carry) beer per ticket.  Of the 4 shows we went to during our Vegas stay, his was by far the best and most reasonably priced!  Small audience, sat right up front.  There was no pressure to volunteer.   Kevin did make it clear his feelings if you wanted to go on stage just to prove you can't be hypnotized. He don't play that game!  We all laughed more than if in a comedy club!  The audience participation level is high.  I really liked how Kevin met with everyone after the show, signed autographs and posed for photos.  He also sells (cheap$) CD's of self improvement hypnosis sessions to take home.  I absolutely recommend Kevin Lepine "HYPNOSIS UNLEASHED" I (we) will definitely be back again!
5	Best hypnosis show ive ever seen. Kevin is awesome, he did an amazing show with our small crowd. I have not laughed this hard in a long time. Totally worth it. Check him out at the hooters casino hotel.
5	Went to the show Iast weekend for my birthday...  I loved it.  Great entertainment.  Soo funny...  Slightly naughty...  I will definitely see it again, next time I'm in Vegas.  I'm still talking about it.  Next time, I will volunteer.  I want to purchase his CDs as soon as they are available on line, I should have bought one there.
5	Kevin was upbeat, high energy, and very creative.  As a local, I have many choices for shows, but I highly recommend Hypnosis Unleashed.  This spikie haired hypnosis genius will take you on one hell of a ride.
5	Top notch show! Thanks for a great evening Kevin! And the Michigan connection!
5	He was awesome! Great show, super funny... And best of all... He loves military!! Would suggest anyone go to this show if you're in Vegas.
4	Quick summary: The show was very funny and very adult.If you are okay with a lot of swearing and are not shocked by much, then you will have a good time and laugh quite hard.If the fact that this is at the Hooters casino gives you pause, then you would probably enjoy a family-friendly show more.
4	Omg had so much fun...i think. I volunteered since me and my boyfriend were both skeptics about hypnotism we both decided i should be the one up there. We bought the dvd since i cant really recall the events but i did know what i was doing sorta. After the dvd purchase Kevin the hypnotist came by and signed the dvd.Great guy n fun show.....i think.  After the show i got approached by some audience members saying how i was really good n funny. After watching myself on dvd i cant stop laughing. Im pretty hilarious n entertaining apparently under hypnosis. Show worth watching if your in town. Disclaimer: not for people easily offended n shy.
4	An August 8pm weekday show that was very good. The hypnosis act was great.... With a touch of comedy. Most people have the opportunity to participate on stage. The showroom was comfortable and there is a bar in the rear. With 3.5 being average....I'd give this show a 7.5 out of 10. Which sounds like a low score but is actually equivalent to a B+.
5	Having never been to a show like this before, wasn't really sure what to expect. So glad we went! He is so funny. The show was very mature, adult material but absolutely hysterical! Will definitely go back. Highly recommend!
5	Such a GREAT and FUN show to see!!! Very intimate space. I volunteered to get hypnotized and had a blast, I also bought the DVD just to have as a souvenir from the show. Absolutely hilarious to watch and see what you yourself did on stage! Kevin makes sure that not only the volunteers are safe but the audience as well. Great fun and the more you cheer and applaud the crazier things get! I would definitely go see the show again and again if I could! KEVIN, KEVIN, KEVIN, KEVIN!!!!
5	This show will not put you to sleep, though you may find yourself relaxed, especially if you are one of the participants.  Kevin Lepine engages with the audience from the time he enters the theater, and stays around to chat with the audience after the show. Even better, he gives his participants something to take with them.  Entertainment is guaranteed if you attend this show.
5	I've seen Hypnosis Unleashed in Vegas and on the road and I can tell you Kevin is one of the "Young Guns" of entertainment.  If you are looking for a great night of entertainment go see Hypnosis Unleashed.   If you like to see over priced, over produced shows skip this one. The rest of you run, don't walk, to see Kevin Lepine and Hypnosis Unleashed.
5	I recently had the chance to catch this show again. Kevin Lepine has still got it! Still fun, high energy and hilarious. A really great night out in Vegas!
4	Saw the show again after 4 months and although it was funny it was line for line exactly the same. He really does do a good show but you only need to see it once because it doesn't change. Reasonable prices for tickets and a small venue so all the seats are good!
