4	Just dropped in for a quick bite with a client. Hip vibe, with a tasteful interior. Books, zines, sofas, row of laptops (for public use?) all I had was the quiche which was a single serving size popping with pesto and sun dried tomato flavor atop a delicate crust. Also had a bite of a cookie that certainly had a home made flair to it. All and all great experience.
4	This place is great! Friendly service, free samples of the sides, reasonable prices and delicious vegan and non-vegan food! I had the BLT, and the bacon was absolutely perfectly cooked and had an amazing flavor! The babaganoush was a good smoky accompaniment to my sandwich. I also had the curry quinoa, which i could have eaten a bowl of, it was sweet and spicy and healthy. Finished with a warm cookie that tasted like the best cookies from home. I'm definitely coming back!
5	Love the quality of the food, coffee and comfort of the space! This going to be a new favorite spot for healthy vegan choices!UPDATE: 6-7-13 I have been coming here since inception and it just keeps getting better! I have dined in some of best restaurants in the world and the food here is 5 star. They owners have the magic ingredient...love.If you are looking for the best, stop here!
5	Bronze Cafe at The Center is awesome! I went with my boyfriend and we both got the roasted veggie sandwich, with sides of hummus and babaganoosh, then shared the vegan strawberry cheesecake. Everything was delicious, and the staff were very friendly and knowledgeable.I didn't get coffee this time, but I did try some of my boyfriend's and it was great. Bronze Cafe even makes their own almond milk!This is a great cafe overall, but especially wonderful for vegans and vegetarians.
5	AMAZING! Bronze Cafe at The Center is Downtown Las Vegas' answer to the question of where to get a healthy and enjoyable meal for a good price! With an extremely knowledgeable staff and a menu filled with delicious options to suit every mood, this is THE place to go when you're hungry, Downtowners! Vegetarian, vegan and RAW vegan options! Every salad, sandwhich and side is to die for.Chef Peter's adorable and charming personality is the best thing to hit Vegas this year! His partner David adds a lovable quirk that makes the duo both accessible and endearing to everyone. As unofficial ambassadors to The LGBTQ Center, they are often the building's first impression, and in that they also succeed.The main idea here: check out Bronze Cafe at The Center now - and come back again and again. I'll see you in line!*I recommend The Asian Marinated Kale Salad (Raw Vegan). There's a wonderful, sweet freshness to it!*
5	I think I have found myself a new place for Vegan friendly cuisine without having to feel like an outcast for eating meat on most days. The service here is quick and incredibly friendly. At first we were confused because we thought it would be a sit down restaurant. Instead it is more like a cafe within the new LGBTQ Center. That is not a deterrent for me to come back here. I would love to find out if they do volunteer projects here because it would be another reason to eat here again.The roasted vegan sandwich served on wheat bread is good, but I would change it out to the pita the next time. Add a side for $2 and it is a full meal. While we were hanging out, the staff came around with samples of their green smoothie. I am a huge fan of kale in my drinks. I do not care if it is the predominant flavor. Yet this one, you will not be able to taste the leafy bitter greens. The apples and banana sweetens it up to where it is undetectable. Now when are we going back?
5	This is my favorite cafe because of the healthy food, delicious drinks and Chef Peter and David.   I am always welcomed warmly and they are eager to share whatever yummy new dishes they are making plus they remembered my favorite drink by my 2nd visit- awesome!  Comfortable and open late hours (10pm!) it is within the LGBT Center which is a COMMUNITY center, open to the public in a neighborhood that really needs it.  You just may be inspired to volunteer yourself when surrounded by the motivated crowds usually meeting!Favorite dishes you MUST try:The LGBTQ sandwichFarrow and Golden Beet side salads"Cheesecake" any varietyThe quality far surpass any chain coffeehouse and their friendly attitudes blow away any competition downtown!  Love Bronze Cafe!
5	Finally made it to the Bronze Cafe this morning. So very worth it!! Went with bf/yoga buddy and her mom, after really hard Bikrum, so we were hungry. We all had the roasted veggie pita, all vegan, it was perfect, came with a spring mix side salad, always a plus for me. Then we had the vegan strawberry cookie, fresh from the oven, I can hardly type just thinking of it. Big, soft, slightly crunchy on the bottom ( like it should be ) fresh strawberry's, absolutely a perfect cookie. Chef Peter was super friendly, and David, oh David, he brought us samples of vegan cheesecake, I think I love David :) Go, there, now.
5	FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN!Vegan, Raw Vegan, Gluten Free options available.  Carnivores, like me, can add chicken breast or turkey to veggie sandwiches and salads and there are turkey clubs & BLTs and the like available too.  The Asian Marinated Kale Salad with Grilled Chicken and the Curried Quinoa Salad are my favorites.FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN!The deserts are amazing and inventive; vegan strawberry cookies & hot chocolate and marshmallow cookies just to give you an idea...FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN!The coffee bar puts others to same.  Delicious coffee and tea options, hot and cold.  Oh, and smoothies!FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN!Five four top tables for outside seating and five four top tables inside and plenty of sofa seating to stay and enjoy your meal or just as easy to take away if needed.You'll be hard pressed to find a more welcoming environment downtown or in all of Las Vegas for that matter.  Chef Peter and David succeed making a connection to everyone they meet.  They will take the time to answer questions you may have about the menu and ingredients that may be unfamiliar.  And in case you missed it, FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN.  I hate it when I'm going to Le Thai or EAT and I finally find a parking spot just to discover I have no change for the meters.  Happy to say that will never happen here.  Bronze Cafe is located inside the Gay and Lesbian Community Center of Southern Nevada.  The Center is a new state of the art facility serving the ENTIRE community and all are encouraged to visit.
5	It's an easy decision to drive from Summerlin to Bronze Cafe at The Center when you know there's such DELICIOUS food to be had.  My husband and I love the Tree of Life and Roasted Veggie Sandwiches, accompanied by a watermelon chia drink, and topped off with either (or both) the vegan cheesecake and vegan strawberry cookies.  Our son loves the LGBTQ sandwich.  All the sides are yummy as well.  I can't wait to try the rest of the vegan options on the menu.  Again, totally worth the drive!
5	Finally made it in for lunch today after hearing great things about it from left, right and centre.  Awesome food.  I ate the Tree of LIfe sandwich and my two friends had the southwest salad and the Bronze version of a BLT.  No one left a thing on the plate.  Lovely food, lovely service (they gave us lots of samples), lovely atmosphere. Oh, and loads of vegan selections.  Yum.
5	When a coworker said there was a new spot downtown that had good vegetarian and vegan offerings, and some really good salads (which is all I ever want in this heat!) I was super excited to try it. Parking was plentiful, and the cafe space inside The Center was bright, clean, inviting and comfortable. I chose the Good Earth Vegan sandwich and the cantaloupe and turmeric water. The Pita sandwich was huge, and loaded with mushrooms, egg plant, peppers, sprouts, lettuce, tomatoes and some amazing hummus. It was served with a nice, fresh little side salad with a lemony dressing on it. The quality was fantastic, and the price was quite reasonable. I'm already perusing the menu, deciding what I'm going to get when I go back.
5	The owner threw down when I walked in, stating, "We have the best bacon sandwich in Las Vegas!"  Wait, what???  CHALLENGE!Guess what?  They delivered!  Damn!  I'll back VERY soon!
5	Wonderful place.  The staff was very friendly.  My friend Carl received a free drink for his birthday.  I had the watermelon chia which was DELICIOUS as well as the Tree of Life pita.  Both Vegan!  Great place...I highly recommend it!
5	Tree of Life Pita!!! Just as good the second time. Also tried the watermelon water, possibly the best thing I have had in a very long time :) Thanks Chef Peter and David
5	This place is like The Beat coffeehouse downtown...if The Beat weren't trying so hard to be hip, and had better food. Don't get me wrong, I appreciate the Beat for what it is...but I like this place a million times better! BONUS: there's a sizeable FREE parking lot out front, which you will not find anywhere within a 10-mile radius of the Beat (unless you count the poor El Cortez, which isn't always free).Here, you'll find REALLY good, healthy foodie-food in a solidly unpretentious atmosphere (and a solidly unpretentious neighborhood). The staff are generous to a fault, and will let you try samples of just about everything on the menu. I've eaten here a few times, and it has always been exceptional. Sandwiches, salads, sides, pastries and desserts...plus lots of fruit juices and a full coffee and espresso bar.The restrooms are clean (unisex--beware), the parking is ample, and there's a bike rack out front. There's also an onsite internet cafe, reading library, and general chill-out space. It's sort of like a cross between your local library and a non-annoying independent coffehouse. Look at the other reviews here -- all 5-star! That should tell you something...this place rocks!
5	I wish that I had the words to express adequately just how special this place is.  As far as the wonderful food and impeccable and caring service are concerned, this review will "mirror" what others already have posted here on Yelp!  I encourage everyone to read them, as they are full of insights and examples as to why and how the food served here is full of passion, care and special ingredients.Perhaps what I can add to the posts already here is my attempt to convey the social message and community mission of this dining destination which is literally the front door and welcoming station to institution dedicated to human rights, understanding, dialogue and education about many topics "ripe" with all sorts of implications and social controversy.From the free wifi, to the community meeting rooms, to the wide variety of community partners in the "Center" of downtown Las Vegas' emergent neighborhoods which are in the midst of an urban renaissance.The Bronze Cafe is deliberately designed to nourish the mind and the soul as well as the stomach.  It structured to engender discussion and understanding, as well as nourishment.  Its ownership and management have chosen very ambitious goals and responsibilities -- and they carry out these tasks with dignity, hospitality and professionalism.Oh, and not incidentally, the food is awesome.  And, although I was just a "random" community member, as a welcomed member of Green Drinks Las Vegas at its monthly meeting last night hosted by the Bronze Cafe at The Center, I was honored to be treated to a wide "tasting menu" last night.   I and about 20 others at this community meeting were provided a number of sandwich and drink samples from this restaurant which is truly a community treasure on many levels.   I can assure you that everything without exception was delicious, full of healthy ingredients lovingly and expertly and professionally chosen with care.Could I say more.  Probably.  But the point is that this business is special and I encourage others to take advantage of everything that it has to offer.
5	The best spot Downtown for lunch.  My beautiful wife brought me here for lunch.  She had the Guac & Mole sandwich.  The mole is made with sunflower seeds, raw cacao and chipotle.  It has some kick!  I had the California Turkey on ciabatta bread.  Both were very fresh and tasted great.  A good blend of flavors.There's free WiFi here, a resource library for the community of books and movies on DVD, gender neutral bathrooms and the friendliest service in town.We also ordered an oversized chocolate chip cookie (warmed up!) and she had the mango "cheesecake" (vegan/gluten free).  Both hits!  Try their new drip coffee.  It tastes very smooth.  They brew it overnight cold for over 12 hours.  It makes a difference especially if love iced coffee.Can't say enough good things about this place.  They welcome everyone, gay and straight, with fresh food, healthy treats and everything made in-house.You really can not find any other place like it.  We like it better than vegan spots.They do have plenty of options for those who are not vegan.  Will be back to try more of their dessert selection and their unusual fresh waters like watermelon chia (similar to agua fresca).As residents of DTLV, we are so happy this place opened up.  More options.  Cool!
5	Move over Red Velvet Cafe!  The Bronze Cafe is the business. The sandwiches and sides are fantastic--especially the LGBTQ and you cannot miss the fruit waters (get the peach mint before it runs out!).
5	Wow!  That was my first impression, and after trying all of the foods it was my second one as well!  My friend Tyson stopped by on opening week to try it out, and I was lucky enough to meet the owner.  He was very kind and interesting, which all came across in his food.  I had my camera on me so I took some photos so you can see for yourself!  With the selection of salads, sandwiches, drinks, and delicious raw deserts I'll definitely be taking my health conscious bikram yoga teacher sister next time we are in town!  It's tucked away in The Center, but if you are even thinking about trying it take my word for it: it's definitely worth the trip!
5	Very nice place.  My sandwich was excellent, it was a regular turkey sandwich with avocado, tomatoes, bla bla bla, but they put a very delicious lemon vinaigrette, that made all the difference.  The flavored waters are as delicious as the pastries they have behind the display.  Staff very friendly. Oh, and they have a LGBT library in the corner.  Just come and check it out for yourself.
5	First you walk in thinking its an office building.... And once inside super delightful. Warm, friendly the entire staff is amazing. David - I just couldn't get enough of him (I think he's the owner )  We got the "LGBTQ" sandwich.... Freakin amazing. And for dessert strawberry vegan cheesecake. Yup!!!! And it was honestly one if the best cheesecakes I have ever had. The only suggestion for being open so early is to provide a breakfast sandwich. You must go!!!!
5	Perfect Service
4	The LGBLT is one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth! Leave your house NOW and go get one! They are always changing items, but the sandwiches stay the same, thank God! The service was awesome, and i would give more than 5 stars if it didn't feel like eating in a Doctors waiting room. Podiatrist, to be specific. The food is good, Gluten Free, Dairy free chocies, and a lot of healthy sides. New innovative drinks, everything we had was good. A little expensive, but the LGBLT!     Must.    Eat.
5	Seriously.... Seriously.Good prices, AMAZING food, cute and friendly people. What more could you ask for?I never feel bad after eating here and I want to take pictures of everything I eat. I don't, maybe because I would be embarrassed or maybe because I devour it before I could ever have time to photograph it. Either way, I'm in looooove.
3	The cafe gave me flashbacks to my college days with all the books, couches, and computers. The cafe has many healthy options to chose from: salad, sandwiches, soups, deserts, and drinks. The staff was friendly and pleasant.I had a sandwich and green drink. I just wasn't blown away enough by either to justify the price. A sandwich for 10$ better be one of the best I've ever had. It was good, but not great.
4	We had our Yelp Book Club meeting in the great room of the Center last night.  This was my first time here and I needed my iPhone to guide me to the Center.I got a vanilla blended drink with a hot of espresso.  Quite tasty and very refreshing.  Had I looked at the menu more closely, I would have gotten an iced chai tea latte.  Oh well, if I'm in the area for some reason, I'll stop and get one of the sandwiches people rave about and the chai tea.The Great Room was a good place for the book club discussion.  Our number was small--2--but Paolo and I had a good chat about the book "Fresh Off the Boat."  There are a good number of tables, the seating is quite comfortable, and it was a fairly quiet place until just before we left when there were a number of kids around and the computers behind us were all being used.It's a very busy place with a lot going on at the Center.
5	I'd heard so many great things about The Bronze Cafe, I had high expectations for my first visit. I was not disappointed. Each of the fresh water/juices I sampled was delicious as refreshing. I choose the watermelon with chia seeds - healthy and tasty. For my lunch I had the Good Earth pita sandwich - again, healthy, very tasty, and filling. For dessert (I had to) the matcha green tea vegan cheesecake was flavorful, lighter than regular cheesecake, and not too sweet. I would gladly eat here regularly.
5	Hands down the best vegan food I have had to date so far. Not only was the food AMAZING and fresh and oh so yummy,  the staff was the friendliest ever! They have flavored fruit waters, desserts, coffee, salads, sandwiches and all looked so good! The owner/chef Peter was so friendly and humbled at our compliments. I can't wait to go back next time we are in Las Vegas!
5	My first time eating a Vegan meal and I was absolutely IMPRESSED! Had the "Its the Bizness" with spicy chick peas, curried quinoa and beet salad. Sampled both the green tea raw vegan cheese cake and the mocha-chocolate raw vegan cheesecake...the only disappointment is that they were sold out of the mocha-chocolate cheesecake when I was ready leave so I could not bring a piece home!
5	Great options for both meat eaters and vegans.  Very impressed with staff as well.  Twice during our meal, they asked if we liked everything or if we had any suggestions.
4	Came here after reading all the reviews so my expectations were high. I ordered the tree of life pita and it was delicious, lots of flavor. It also comes with a small salad. They allow free samples or their sides and cheesecakes. I really liked the strawberry one, but they were all out. This place would easily be 5 stars, but the prices are a bit high. The pita was $10.
5	Amazing! Sooooo good!!! Being from LA and being spoiled with all the great vegan options we have there, we felt just like home! The smoothies and the sandwiches are super flavorful! The staff is friendly and welcoming! Me and my boyfriend were in Vegas for two days and we were at Bronze cafe both days! Highly recommend !
5	Eat the cheesecake!!!
5	What a pleasant and delicious surprise! We were visiting Las Vegas and looking for real food-- fresh, healthy and tasteful.  Thanks to yelp found the Bronze cafe and so glad we did.  Had great sandwiches,Salad, juice blends and dessert... Will absolutely be back !
5	Great food, and David couldn't be nicer. As a vegan it's so nice to go somewhere and know with certainty the ingredients in all of the items. Just can't get enough of this place.
5	Two words:  BACON JAM!This review should've been posted a LONG time ago but I have been procrastinating.  As my opening says, their bacon jam is superb!  They should sell it in jars.  I love all their sandwiches and salads.  My favorite is the LGBTQ sandwich.  It is a highly evolved BLT sandwich on a ciabatta bun.  Get the bun toasted and it adds so much depth to the sandwich.  They can also make all their sandwiches into salads.  They make drinks of the blended kind, fruit waters, coffee, and your regular bottled fair.  My favorite is the Vegan Kale Apple Banana Blended.  Also, the cafe serves lots of pastries!  Their version of the brokie called the Loving vs. Virginia., a marriage of brownie and a cookie.  I can never pass up on this when I'm at The Center.  Oh, BTW, most of their food is vegetarian/vegan.  You cannot really tell that they are though because it is so good!The servers and owners also offer up the best customer service there is.  If you have not visited the Bronze Cafe, you are definitely missing out.  Come visit them and enjoy all their scrumptious offerings.
5	Seriously, I just joined yelp for the sole purpose of giving this spot five stars. It is THAT GOOD! I went here with Vegan friends and I split Tree of Life (with chicken) with my lady, which was dope. The real star  of the evening was 'The LQBTQ', a ridiculously dope Bacon sandwich with bacon spread (and fresh vegetables). It was like being punched in the mouth by a ten-foot Bacon Golem. Can't wait to get back here.
5	Are you looking for Vegan food? You'll have to try this joint it is absolutely spectacular!!!!!My MEGAN friends converted and we'll by back for more! Thanks for the fantastic dinner!!!!!Uh baby I like it raw :)
5	Best sandwich of my life!you have to stop here if you are in LV.
5	I have spent quite some time trying to find a good Vegan place that's not overly priced.Finally! I have found it. Super friendly staff, and amazing food.I highly recommend getting the "Tree of Life" (amazing!)or the LGBTQ sandwich (if you dig bacon).  Any of the sides are also really tasty. I got the Mocha Chocolate Cheesecake to go, and was pleased. Super decadent and yummy. I have never been to the LGBTQ Center before. The Bronze Cafe was located directly when you walk in. The center was very quite because they were closed. It seemed like a great place to maybe kick back and do some work. They have a wall of books you can sit and read. Def a gem. We will be frequently stopping by!
5	The cheesecake is made of fruit and nuts and tastes far less problematic than the fatty original found anywhere else. A slice of Bronze Cafe cheesecake is well balanced and fulfilling. The manager, Dave, kindly offered tastes of blueberry, mango, espresso. All three versions were delicious and more flavors are prepped by Chef Peter for the seasons. So many places in Vegas create incredible smoothies. My favorites include Greens & Proteins and (believe it or not) LVAC. Bronze Cafe is a new favorite third with it's "Too Good For You" smoothie. I drank two large glasses in the past two days. Kale, chia seeds, protein...The sandwiches are incredible. The LGBTQ is the best BLT I've ever eaten. Not sure where Chef sourced the bread or the idea to include Q-cumbers, but the whole thing is brilliant and somehow makes me feel more like a vegan and less like a bacon-eating carnivore. I savored every bite.I also ate the chicken salad sandwich and will eat it again and again. Lucky for me, the Bronze Cafe is only .89 miles away so I can walk off a few calories between regular trips to my new favorite downtown spot.
5	No wonder this place is five star. The food was fresh, extremely flavorful, and the staff went out of the way to accommodate us.  First off it was confusing pulling up to this place since we expected it to be a restaurant but it was inside of a community center. We walked in and the actual building itself was clean and modern. We ordered 2 sandwiches, which came with a side salad, and two sides. One being a spiced lentil and the other hummus with pita. No lie the entire meal was delicious. I mean we're talking almost worth driving to Vegas for. The best part is they were just sandwiches but they were prepared with such thought and proper fresh ingredients that it changed for me the idea that all sandwiches have to be boring. After we split a desert...amazing of course, and then ordered three more sandwiches to take back to the boys we were with. Surprise surprise they loved them too. I really loved the friendly staff and the truly satisfying meal. If your vegan or not everyone can enjoy this place.
5	I am so glad that there are healthy places like this near the strip.  The watermelon chiajuice was amazing!  My boyfriend & I both got different sandwiches so we could switch a half & share.  Yum!   My new favorite vegas spot!   Super friendly staff too!
3	Awesome food and great service! Don't miss out on the 'sides'.. I got the hummus and lentils, which were both amazing. I ran out of pita bread but they were nice enough to give me more upon request. I would also highly recommend dessert.. I got some kind if strawberry bar (forgot what it was called) but it was delish.I also ordered the good earth sandwich which had really fresh ingredients, but the flavor profile of the sauce was kind of weird for me, I think I would order it without it if I was ever to go back again (I'm not from Nevada). I also ordered the guacamole sandwich, which I liked better.. But the I would have to say the red sauce on it was too sweet for me. I split these with a friend and we both felt the same about these entrees. There was one other vegan sandwich option, tree of life, and I ordered all three for my boyfriend and his 2 other friends to split, and they liked the tree of life the best... So hopefully that helps!
4	It's Red Velvet Cafe without the side of lies and deception and I love it!   It's food and desserts cooked healthfully but not necessarily low cal.  Mostly vegan, vegetarian and gluten free choices.  With all the hype and working in close proximity downtown my coworkers and I decided to try this place.  It gets pretty crowded at lunch but worth it.  There is not a lot of seating.  Some couches, computer cubies and a few tables.   Because I had read the reviews I immediately knew I was going to order the LGBTQ sandwich and it didn't disappoint.  We also shared a dessert,  the Loving vs. Virginia.  It  was cookie baked into a brownie.  Delicious!  I'm a little old school so I'm not a huge fan of the payment on the Ipad and receipt emailed to you.   I still feel I may have been overcharged for an item I did not order but with this payment method I couldn't verify it so next time I will bring cash.
5	The Tree of Life Pita Sandwich is one of the best Vegan sandwiches I have ever had!The Bronze Cafe is sandwich & coffee cafe located in The LGBTQ Center.  I don't fall into any of those categories, but completely enjoyed my time at The Center and at the Bronze Cafe.  The staff is delightfully warm, welcoming and helpful. The Pita sandwich I enjoyed comes with roasted red peppers, avocado, mixed greens, tomato, housemade pickled onions, housemade vegan cashew "crema", brazil nut crumble, sunflower seeds, mango cilantro ginger vinaigrette and is served on Pita Flatbread.  The housemade items are amazing!...I loved the pickled onions, cashew crema and the vinaigrette.  The sandwich also had a nice crunch to it.  I tried a couple of their sides, the quinoa and baba ganoush were both solid.  I also heard lots of great comments about their baked goods from others.Don't come here looking for a sit-down restaurant...or patio cafe downtown.  But if you're in the area it is worth stopping in just to eat.ps Check out the bathroom while you're here. I have huge issues with so many of the dichotomies we uphold in our society... the bathroom here is practical and a step in the right direction (in my humble opinion.)
5	I found out about this place through one of my best friends and I've been a big fan of their foods, drinks, and sweets ever since!  I've never been disappointed by any of the items that I've had here and the flavor combos are exciting to a veg head like me who's become bored with the same old food stuffs lately.  The staff is super friendly and I feel like they care about making people happy through delicious food. My favorite is the Honeydew Cucumber water...so sweet and so refreshing at the same time.  I couldn't possibly pick a favorite sandwich...they're all so damn good.  What sets the Bronze Cafe apart from other places serving veggie sandwiches is the flavors.  Most vegetarian/vegan sandwiches I've had they'll put on maybe a little seasoning and call it a day but no these guys know how to make some awesome sauce to put on their sandwiches!  The combo of flavors is incredible on the sandwiches.  I'm always amazed with their creativity.  (I wish I wasn't a lazy veg head and could make good stuff too.)  And the vegan cheesecakes...totally worth it.  10/10 Would touch myself if I wasn't at work right now.   XD!
5	Ate lunch here on 10/8/13 and was very impressed. Ordered the Tree of Life, side of baba ganoush, and some sort of off-the-menu vegan, pumpkin/banana smoothie. LOVED the freshness of all the ingredients, LOVED the Tree of Life (even though I am not a vegetarian or vegan), LOVED the friendly counter service and friendly delivery to our table outside, and I LOVE what The Center is doing for the community as a whole. Sign me up for any establishment that is working to make things better in our town.
5	Couldn't pick a better time to begin yelping! The food here is nothing short of excellent and along with impeccable service I think I'll be eating here weekly. Healthy infused fruit drinks give me that second boost when I'm off to job #2. Every meal is made to perfection, from the oven crispy bun to the mixed greens and everything in between is simply awesomeness and deliciousness forcing your taste-buds to explode in pure ecstasy. For a detailed list of everything on the menu please see the other 66 reviews ;)
5	Extraordinary food, excellent customer service, fair prices. Best vegan food in Las Vegas... consistently. The daily specials are amazing.  Who knew Vegan could taste so good... and be so affordable?  The Tree of Life Pita Sandwich is over the top. Eat in or take out.... its well worth the trip. Definitely my favorite place for lunch these days. And they deliver along the Maryland corridor south to Tropicana.  Chef Peter Bastien and his partner, David Mozes are building community one customer at a time.  My kind of place to hang and to eat.  Should I mention that I have lost 15 lbs since Thanksgiving eating at this place several times a week?  Enough said. Eat healthy at Bronze and see the difference for yourself.
5	I'm so glad we came here! The LGBTQ is amazing. And I've never had a salad like this before. Delicious! You have to come here to try the salads, sandwiches and the desserts!
2	First of all, this place is not a good value at all. The food is overpriced for the portions. Granted, it is good quality food, but it is still overpriced. The coffee is terrible. I so wanted to love this place, but I can't say I do.
5	I can't recommend this place enough. The Tree of Life pita is amazing and balances a real savoriness with a wonderful sweet zing from the mango cilantro ginger vinaigrette.I also recommend the whole earth pita which was a savory companion. I came with a friend and we split the two sandwiches.It isn't the cheapest (almost $10) for the plate, but the food is worth it.Finally- the raw cheesecake is super sweet but take small bites in moderation and you'll have a new favorite dessert.
4	Another bookmarked place down.  I have been wanting to come here for a while and finally got the chance, meeting a gal pal for lunch.  Many tasty-sounding items on the menu, but I had my heart set on the Tree of Life pita sandwich and it did not disappoint.  We both ordered the seasonal Pumpkin Superfoods Blended, which is now renamed the SuperCALABAZAlisticexpialidocho with "..pumpkin, housemade almond mylk, banana, dates, chia seeds, flax seeds, and Chef Peter's special fall blend of warm holiday spices."  Blended together, it is one satisfying drink that tastes like the fall season.  Chef Peter and his staff are so friendly and the food is fresh.  I've never been to the Center before, but I know I'll be back after this visit; there's so much more on the menu to try.
5	Great lunch place. Can't stop. Been here once weekly since I went the first time. Love the tree of life sandwich. And everyone I've brought loves it too. The staff is super friendly and make you feel at ease and help with everything they possibly can!Don't forget to sample their flavored waters!A great energy and a nice building!
5	The combination of an impressively creative menu, super friendly staff and quality food makes the Bronze Cafe one of the best eateries in town.I love their attention to detail in their recipes. Nothing is halfway done. The bacon jam is a perfect example of how they have elevated their take on a BLT (the LGBTQ) and made it an exception sandwich. I regularly crave this "bacon experience" and recently found out that you can get it in salad version. Super exciting.Everything I have tried has been delicious. Other than the LGBTQ, I particularly enjoy the Matcha Blended Latte, the beet, quinoa and kale salad and the lentil carrot salad.The highlight of every meal here is the sweetness of the staff. Plus there is free wifi
5	Tree of Life pita was delicious! Such a unique menu and friendly staff/patrons. I am addicted and will be back ASAP! I received a discount on my pita because of the time of day I went..I believe it was around 7 pm, so I received $2 off. The mini beet salad is quite tasty as well.Vegan cookies/cakes taste better than 'normal' cookies/cakes, try them! You won't be disappointed.*They also use square. This is great because at the bottom of your emailed receipt is  a punch card that keeps track of your purchases!
5	Excellent customer service and the food was wonderful!  I got the Green Goddess Chicken Salad sandwich, and it was delicious. We also had the Tree of Life pita sandwich, which is a vegan option. It was amaze balls. Pro tip... Try the cold brew coffee.
5	What a great place to hold an event or meeting . With the Bronze Cafe you will experience amazing and health conscious fresh food . OMG the Loving v Virginia cookie brownie is heaven , pure heaven . Don't EVEN get me started on the jalepeno cheddar scones . STOP it already . My mouth was full of loving , kind sexi , delicious cuisine . I am happy and grateful our conference was held at THE CENTER . The Bronze Cafe rocked my culinary world. ! Ty ty ty ! Best to you always . Bon Apetit. Get in here ! NOW .
5	The Tree of Life sandwich is very delicious. Ice filtered coffee is very tasty. Great place for Vegans and non Vegans. The vegan cheesecakes are off the hook!
5	This place is awesome and it caters to vegans!!! Their salads and sandwiches are fresh, healthy, and delicious! They have a unique way of brewing their iced coffee and it is delish!!! Great fresh juices, smoothies and desserts! Highly recommend this place :)
5	Today, I made my first lunch trip to the Bronze Cafe and holy cow - it was bitter sweet.  Sweet, because the Tree of Life Pita Sandwich is probably the tastiest healthy sandwich I have ever had and BITTER because in order to enjoy my lunch as much as I enjoyed it today, I will be forced to visit the Bronze Cafe every single day. Damnit.  ;)I was going to order the LGBTQ because I'M NO VEGAN. Also, because I LOVE BACON like Ron Swanson loves bacon. But, in an effort to halt pre-holiday weight gain, I thought I would see what the fuss is about this "Tree of Life Pita." And in this case, the FUSS was ON POINT.  I grabbed my pita to go and when I got back to my office and took my first bite, I was in fresh, veggie, avocado, tomato-onion, cashew "crema," sunflower seed, mango cilantro ginger vinaigrette HEAVEN. If you don't know what I'm talking about, the only thing I can do to better explain my feelings about this sandwich is by saying this: go to the Bronze Cafe, order the Tree of Life Pita, take your first bite and proceed to basque in the fiery explosions created by the fresh pita/vegan/veggie flavor delight. I really cannot recommend this sandwich enough. I mean, really. It was filling, but in a "healthy-full" way.  You know, the "healthy-full" feeling that is opposite of the feeling you get on Saturday morning after eating pounds of bacon, eggs, toast and pancakes. Also, the cafe is very cute and the service is fast and friendly with a smile. I was in and out with my sandwich boxed up "to-go" within 10 minutes and less than $10 was deducted from my wallet.  I literally cannot find one thing to complain about other than the fact that I no longer feel I can visit another lunch establishment in the area in good conscience after having such a great experience here. :)
3	OK- I was recommended this place for a business lunch and I have to be honest: terrible for a business lunch. Seating was limited and right in the middle of some computer banks and so on- library/ student quad vibe.  I scheduled it based on the representations on the web but not a good place to meet with clients. I has a public library vibe. So, getting that out of the way, the blt was really good as were the fruit waters and friendly service. Just not a fit for a business lunch. Sorry guys.
4	The Bronze Cafe at The Center is a great find in downtown Las Vegas.  There are only so many options in the downtown area and this is a great addition.  The cafe is located in the LGBTQ Center but is a little difficult to find on the first visit.  There is a parking lot on the side and in the front of the building.  You'll want to in the landscaped entrance.  Once you enter you'll be in a library area and the cafe will be right in front of you.  There are a few small tables and one large table where it is community seating.  The cafe itself is small but they are quick and able to serve a lot of people.  The day I went they were busy but we made it there and back within our lunch hour.  I had the The California Turkey Sandwich ($8.95) (turkey breast, avocado, mixed greens, tomato, red onion, basil aioli, lemon vinaigrette, Ciabatta).  I am not exactly an adventurous eater but the combination of flavors was delicious!!!  The lemon vinaigrette added a nice kick to sandwich without taking away from the avocado and tomato.  I was on a healthy eating kick at the time and the staff was nice enough to give me water with free refills :)  I know it is just a little thing but some of the others at my table had purchased bottled water so I appreciated the effort.
4	Their  The LGBTQ (BLT) is ahhhhhmazing! May be my favorite sandwich in town.The coffee is good & the baristas super nice.Not the coziest place ever, but i do believe the seating area is more a part of The Center than their area. It would be great if they were given their own nook to warm up & make more coffeehouse-y.A great addition to Downtown. Man do I wish they had been around when I went to LVA back in the '90's! Kids these days have it so good ;)
5	The food was fresh, healthy, creative and delicious. Service was on par. Vegas needs more places like this.
5	Ever so often a downtown business rewards you for living in and being a Downtown Las Vegas booster. The Beat, The Container Park and the new Grand Hotel are all on a quickly growing list of places to hang and spend money. The Bronze Cafe ties with Mingos as my I could be there everyday spot. The food is amazing! The staff couldn't be friendlier and the owners are two people truly deserving of success. They provide the best fresh food prepared in innovative ways. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention, everything I've had has been so tasty that I highly recommend the spot to everyone without worry that I'll get back a text saying,  "meh." And they cater! Please come check out and support this fantastic addition to the downtown experience!
5	Thank goodness for Yelp Reviews when in a pinch.  I was driving around LV to show my son the Old Strip and was hoping to find something reasnoably priced, healthy, and close by.  At first I was surprised that a place could have so many 5 Star reviews but now I understand why.  The menu and the service was good, the food  was well prepared and served at the right tempatures.  They owner told us that we get the $5 Small Business Special and seemed genuinely interested in serving us. A great change to the service we received the night before at The Venetian.Highly recommended.
5	This place is wonderful. There are plenty of vegan and non-vegetarian options to go around. The sandwiches are great, the soups are always fresh and homemade, the baked goods and drinks are awesome and the staff are super-friendly and helpful. For a place to eat lunch, have a meeting or grab something to go, you can't go wrong here.
5	Any time I've had a scone elsewhere I've hated it, but the scones here are actually really excellent.  This is like top-notch bakery in an unexpected venue.  Nice sit-down area, kind of like a library, and quiet.
5	Went there this morning with a couple friends who are locals. I encouraged us to go based on the incredible reviews and one of my friends who has gone really enjoyed it.. Needless to say we were not disappointed. First of all, we were warmly greeted by the manager David, who made it a point to ask us for all our names after we ordered. We came in just planning to get a few juices and smoothies, but left trying quite a few items on the menu. After ordering Raw Vegan Superfood smoothie (which is so tasty and creamy), we ended up staying for a lot longer.First of all, the LGBTQ Sandwich - OK, I've had BLTs and I've had Bacon Jam. The housemade bacon jam is a godsend. There is nothing I've had like it, it's meaty, savory, smokey, and sweet. Get this sandwich!David also made an off menu sandwich for us called "The Complicated Order", it's a GLBTQ crossed with "The What What" (which is a fantastic sandwich in itself). AWESOME, even better than the LGBTQ.The scones we tried (Bacon Jam and Poblano Cheddar) as well as the Cinnamon Toast Crunch cookie and the Loving vs. Virginia (a brownie baked with a chocolate chip cookie on top) were all unique, but most importantly, incredibly tasty. We also sampled the Swedish Oatmeal, which was yummy along with being satisfyingly creamy and hearty.We also had a chance to meet Paul, the chef and I made it a point to tell him how awesome everything is. Along with David, I'd definitely make it a point to stop by here whenever I'm in town. For a healthy or sinful snack or meal, you've got to check the Bronze Cafe out!
5	I don't always eat Vegan, but when I do it's "Bronze Cafe". Delicious, guilt free, creative items that make me wanting more. Highly recommended when in Las Vegas, NV.
4	I didn't know what to expect when I got here. It was a bit smaller than what I expected and I wasn't sure what to get. Fortunately, one of the nice employees recommended the "what-what" sandwich, add bacon, and add bacon jam. Damn Gina sold! I don't even know what bacon jam is, how it's made, or what's in it. I don't really care I just know it was one of the best sandwiches I have had in a long ass time. I think there was a salad in the container too but I don't remember because I was too busy looking for leftover bacon bits and jam.
5	The food is great I had the good earth sandwich with vegan chili. The place is clean and the staff is friendly. Food is a little pricey consideri g how good and fresh it is it's worth it.
5	The Bronze Cafe has truly been my favorite place to visit in 2013. Their vegan options are some of the best. Everything is absolutely delicious and the Tree of Life Pita is seriously one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my entire life. Chef Peter and David are culinary geniuses and are so wonderful for offering the vegan community in Vegas so many amazing options. If you go, don't leave without the strawberry cookie! And trust me, if you ever thought you weren't a fan of brussel sprouts, you will be after trying their roasted side dish. I blame (thank) the Bronze Cafe for my current obsession with brussel sprouts. lol SERIOUSLY GO RIGHT NOW!
5	Bronze Cafe is a treat in the desert of Las Vegas. The food and service are spectacular. Healthy, friendly, lovely place. I went with my family of 7, and everyone was able to get what they wanted from bacon to vegan. I won big points with my family finding this gem. My only suggestion for improvement is to have real plates and eating utensils rather than paper and plastic.
5	There are no words to describe how amazing the food and staff at Bronze Cafe are.  Truly a hidden gem in downtown Vegas. Prepare to become addicted.
5	Best little cafe in town. I have eaten everything on the menu and there are no mediocre items here.
5	I'm sad that it took me this long to go here. Seriously. Why did I wait this long? This is the kind of place I've been waiting for. It reminds me of San Francisco. Quality and pride in food in a way that most places don't even care about, much less dream about.I love the how informative and friendly everyone is working there, from David (the owner) to anyone working behind the counter. I love how everything is organic and options are considerate of vegan, gluten-free, and dairy-free lifestyles. We looked over the menu and ordered... a lot. I'll just run down the list.The good earth pita. This thing was a fantastically delicious mash of vegetables in a fresh pita. I had a certain expectation of the amount of flavor that should have been in this and it was dramatically exceeded. This is how you make veggie-style wraps. It could convert anyone into believing meat-free is the way to be.The California turkey is nothing revolutionary in terms of what's in it. What do you think is in here? Turkey and avocado, right? You win! But I will say, delicious again. The bread was toasted to be crispy top and bottom, while still being cottony soft inside. The avocado and turkey were plentiful and fresh. There was a mix of mayo and other little veggie bits all over. Each bite was familiar, but just a little more delightful than I expected. Great textures and flavors.For desserts, the blueberry and banana boy baits were consumed, and a strawberry cheesecake. All of these were vegan, and that's pretty spectacular considering they were so damn good. I make vegan desserts and they make mine wilt a little inside. The blueberry boy bait was somewhere between a crumble and coffee cake. The banana boy bait was a very dense banana bread. Extremely rich. The cheesecake has the consistency of a whipped sort of topping made of pistachio (?) and coconut oil. Oh, and strawberry of course.For drinks, I was surprised to see options like cantaloupe-turmeric and honeydew cucumber. Both refreshing. Oh, and the turmeric is not as strong as you'd expect so don't be turned off from it!Go here. Immediately. It's expensive considering basically each sandwich is $9-10, but a couple extra bucks for the organic factor as well as the overall quality, flavor, and flexibility is worth it. It isn't for having a deal, it's for having what you want, and sometimes what you need. The city needs more of this.
5	Two best vegan sandwiches I've ever had. Juice and coffee were amazing also. Highly recommended.
5	Should get 6 stars! Food was AMAZING! Service was AMAZING! Had 2 Americanos, 2 vegan sandwiches and one of their fresh watermelon juices. Will definitely be coming back whenever I am on this side of town!
3	We found Bronze Cafe in one of the gay magazines in Las Vegas and wanted to be supportive.The staff is very friendly and helpful. He was very patient will I was trying to make my selection. I settled on a curried quinoa salad and while it was flavorful it was dry as dust. Just a suggestion: this one would be excellent if it was a little moist and easy to swallow.The Bronze Cafe is nestled in the center of the LGBTQ center here and I'm always wiling to offer my support. It just wasn't the stellar experience I was expecting. I'm just very happy to know that Nevada is more blue than red and we can probably thank Las Vegas for that.
5	I ordered the Good Earth pita. It was amazing! I will definitely order from here again. I am excited to try all the different options.
5	Bronze has the nicest staff! Every time I eat here I know I'll have a pleasant experience. I crave the guac and mole sandwich about once a week, and my boyfriend loves the chopped chicken salad with bacon. The cold-brew coffee is a must in the summer. As for lattes, if you're adding a powder, they're a little too sweet for my taste. A plain latte or cup of coffee is perfect (they use Colorado River Roasters coffee from Boulder City). I've even had them weigh out a pound of coffee beans for me to purchase for home use. Bronze is pricey, but once a week or so it's a nice indulgence.
5	I don't think I could of had a better experience at this little cafe.  I did circle around the building a few times before realizing it was in the building, but I'd circle around 10 more times so long as it meant eating the chicken salad sandwich I had.  The staff was super friendly, with a face like the one that greeted me how could you not leave a place happier walking out than when you walked in?  10/10, that was the best chicken salad sandwich I have ever had.  The menu states that there are apples in there, but do not let that steer you away from this sandwich if you are the kind of person that does not like fruit with your chicken.  Because, let me tell you, they make apples and chicken go together like peanut butter and jelly.
5	Today a bunch of came here for lunch and everyone at the table was absolutely satisfied with their meal. I got the complicated sandwich and that was AMAZING! I love the bacon jam! I was wanting chips with my sandwich however they served a salad with the sandwich. Let me just say that the salad was soooo good. Kind of pricey but definitely worth the money. I can't wait to try some of the other things on their menu.
5	Today was my second visit to Bronze Cafe at The Center.  My first trip was during a Las Vegan Eatz Dinner club event, where I (along w/ about 40 other people) enjoyed tastings of EVERY SINGLE VEGAN ITEM ON THE MENU!  I was thoroughly impressed!  While I'm a fan of chick'n & "beef" - I do also enjoy when a chef can create fabulously fulfilling delightful and flavorful food - without any of the "fake" items.I've been meaning to go back (like every day since) but the location is a bit outside of my normal travels.  Today at work, it was "fried food" day at our company cafeteria/dining room.  I was craving something not so terrible for my diet - I wanted something FEEL GOOD.  So I decided to make the drive over to Bronze Cafe.It was busy, but not overwhelming.  Seating inside is limited so I took my order to go and ate at the picnic tables outside.  I decided to order my favorite sandwich from my previous tasting event - which was the Guac & Mole.  People rave about it - so I just had to try it.  (PS Paul Graham from Eating Vegan in Vegas did a fantastic review on the joint (and this sandwich) - http://eatingveganinvegas.tumblr.com/post/56611156953/the-bronze-cafe-continues-to-share-the-love )The Guac & Mole is a vegan sandwich on perfectly baked ciabatta bread (if they don't bake this stuff in house - I want to know where they get it! - filled with avocado, alfalfa sprouts, shredded carrots, cucumber, lemon vinaigrette, vegan mole, and house made vegan ranch.  I realized about half way through the sandwich that I was actually smiling while eating my meal - there you have it, my mouth was happy!I also took two of their 'bars' to go (but quickly devoured them when I returned to my desk).  I chose the Vegan Almond Apricot Bar (crunchy, chewy, soft, gooey - all of those good things, all rolled into one!) and the Vegan Blueberry Bar (think blueberry muffin, but not greasy w/ a nice crisp top.What's also great about this place is they also have plenty of non-vegan options for your meat eating friends!FIVE STARS!  Fresh food, high quality products, unique offerings, and fast service!  I plan to return again and again and again and again.....
5	The bizness with roasted broccoli, curried chickpeas, and roasted brussel sprouts is AMAZING!!!  The tree of life is delish!
5	I honestly cannot say enough good things about Bronze Cafe. I have ordered delivery from them more times than I can count (20-30 maybe? I'm in Vegas every week for work) and they've ALWAYS been wonderful. Their staff is so lovely and they always go above and beyond. The food is wonderful. I highly recommend The Bizness salad, The Green Goddess chicken salad sandwich and their superfood smoothie. It's all so so delicious and healthy :) I'm obsessed, I know..
5	I have yet to have a bad experience at this cafe and I pray I never do. I love the Tree of Life pita and the cheesecakes are to die for. I enjoy coming here to eat because it is delicious but I'm not sacrificing my health on an indulgence. The staff is friendly and the first time I went in they took the time to explain the menu and help me find something I would enjoy. I would highly recommend The Bronze Cafe to anybody
5	The Good Earth Sammy is delish!!!!!!! My faveAwww YEAH!!  Gluten Free, Veggie goodness, two snaps for fabulous!!  I've already been back several times and I won't stop now. Delish and the service was FAB (all caps)!I will say though, I don't enjoy the iced tea, it's super wee and no free refills, grrrr! :/
5	This place is the best. So much vegan goodness. I only found out about it recently and I've already been back so many times. Cheesecake was amazing. Tree of life pita = amazing. Bizzness salad = you get the idea. Plus the staff is cool and we all played cups!! Go see for yourself.
5	How I heard about Bronze Cafe:These very words were said to me many times during CrossFit class by a friend: "YOU GOTTA GO TO BRONZE CAFE KEV, YOU GOTTA GO! YOU'RE AN ELITE YELPER RIGHT?!"Ooo! I am indeed a Yelper and you're calling me out! I never took the time to drive myself out of the way to eat at a little cafe, but one day the opportunity came when I had to make a visit to the adult Disneyland, the DMV. Yelp said it was 1.2 miles way? HUH... LETS GO!I normally don't write reviews on first visits, but it was good... really good... seriously really good. I had the Tree of Life sandwich ($9.95) to go which is VEGAN, but a bite of that gyro sandwich MASTERPIECE had me considered a vegan lifestyle for a quick second. I don't know why its called Tree of Life, maybe because you feel completely transformed, like a born again virgin. The sandwich consisted of something like pickled onions, roasted red peppers, avocados, greens, tomatoes, and MAGIC. Sort of a tangent, but I took a bite of my TO GO sandwich in my car (bad habit) and was so amazed that I decided to eat the whole thing in my car, go back inside and grab a fork to finish the side salad, and was late for my class and quiz. Was it worth it? You bet. I am excited to come back and try the soup, salads, the BIZNESS, bars, pretty much everything. CHECK IN AND GET $1 OFF YOUR SANDWICH OR THE BIZNESS.
5	Came here for the first time with my friend who'd been raving about it for weeks. The staff are really charming & helpful. I got the Tree of Life pita which was really flavorful and the pita bread was amazing. The vegan Coconut Almond smoothie is tasty and hydrating. This is another one of those places that make being vegan easy. Oh and we sang & played the Cups song with one of the staff workers!
4	I thought this place was a cafe that I could get some work done. But actually, it was located at the very entrance of the community center.Well, nothing is wrong about it, and I totally support LGBTQ community. But as a nomad worker, I just wanted a comfortable place to work. While no one directly interrupted, the noise level was understandably high. I know this is not San Francisco, but it's so hard to find a laptop friendly cafe in Vegas...People, drink, food were all good. I wouldn't dis anything based on my particular needs. Yes I am the minority here...
5	I was invited here by a co-worker that had gotten this place as a recommendation from our boss. I was certainly a little confused when I pulled into what looked to be a community center, which it is! Very cool. I loved the setting. Not necessarily the best place to study (judging by the book shelves, it looks like some people do), but a great place to have a meal and a chat. I had a salad (tried to look up the name, but it looks like they've changed their menu since I've been there). I remember it being fantastic. Dressing was on point!!! The staff really stood out. They were so incredibly friendly and knowledgeable about the food they served. They even came out intermittently to let us try some samples and really took our feedback to heart.
5	This is one of the most delicious and innovative food places I've been to.  Located in a community center,  the food maybe under estimated.  The food is made fresh and there are lots of vegetarian, Gluten and dairy free options. We tried the baba ghanoush and the humus which tasted great.  My husband had the turkey sandwich which he's still raving about.  The pineapple chia drink was very refreshing and I'd want to come back to Vegas just for their coconut water almond butter drink. They had gluten and dairy free cheesecake in strawberry,  Chocolate and pistachio flavors.  My husband doesn't usually like gluten free desserts but even he loved them.  The crust was made of dates and coconuts, absolutely delicious.  In short,  don't miss this place.
5	Let me begin with the warm welcome- how inviting! The Bronze Cafe is inside a center so for out of towners a bit deceiving but if you enjoy healthy versus the regular grind it is such a great find! I adored my Green Goddess Chicken Salad on a fresh Ciabatta with a fresh salad. The "Bizness" was my hubby's choice and it rocked with fresh Kale salad topped with 3 organic sides. He loved the roasted broccoli, Brussel sprouts and spiced Chic Peas! We both ordered this awesome super healthy drink that was phenomenal but a meal in itself - don't miss Bronze if you are seeking fresh and organic in Vegas with great vegan and vegetarian choices! Kudos for great service even though it is counter order we were checked on no less than 5 times at the table.
5	I ordered from here and was very pleased. This place has some of the best and freshest food consistently. They have a great selection of healthy fare. It is a little difficult to find it in the community center but well worth the effort. One of my top 5 restaurants in Las Vegas that wont break the bank. The food is just so good you can't pick something you wont like and they have a nice eclectic menu. The juices are great as well. This place is just hands down wonderful.
5	The Bronze Cafe is definitely worth a visit. There isn't a big sign for the cafe so we drove past it but once we found the Center it was located right by the door. The menu is mostly vegan, but there are items that include chicken and turkey. We tried the Guac & Mole sand which, which they were kind enough to offer to split into two plates, and the sandwich came with a salad. Half a sandwich plus the salad were plenty for me. The lemon vinagrette was a very nice touch and the sandwich was delicious. I also ordered the Raw Vegan Superfood blender. You can have either have it with cacao powder or matcha green tea but they suggested the cacao since it was my first time. It was freaking delicious. Perfect blend of banana, almond milk, and avocado. Loved it. I couldn't leave without trying a cheese cake so I also bought the banana split cheese cake. I loved that as well. This place was pretty good, the prices are affordable and the staff was super friendly. I'm a fan.
5	The Bizness Salad is the way to go! Curried Quinoa, Broccoli, and Brussels Sprouts all day! I love everything at Bronze Cafe.
3	If your going to bevegan why not offer gluten free bread?
5	Bronze Cafe all the way! Went Monday and we had such a great meal.  Everything was served wonderfully and the staff very helpful I had chicken salad San and it was a party in my mouth with all the floors. I went with vegan gluten free family and they had soup sandwich and cheesecake wow how great they finally have found a place they can enjoy we are spreading the word!
5	I've been at meetings at The Center.  Great meeting place.  With The Bronze Cafe there, we can eat great food while in the meetings.  Friendly staff, tasty food and good prices.  If I worked closer, I would use this as a lunch place for myself and a place to meet clients at.
5	This place was a pleasant surprise.  The boyfriend and I made our way here to grab some coffee and was immediately greeted by one of the owners, David -- very friendly and informative on the menu, even giving us a taste sample of the vegan cheesecake flavors that they offer (my fave was the mango and the chai, by the way).  The executive chef and co-owner, Peter, is also an absolute sweetheart!  The boyfriend and I couldn't decide on a blended drink.  It was a toss-up between the chocolate blended or the chai blended and Chef Peter accommodated my request in making a blended mix of both!  Super yum!  Oh but the most surprising thing was their LGBTQ sandwich, which is probably the only non-vegan item on the menu because it was a bacon sandwich with bacon jam, accompanied with a fresh lemon side salad.  My taste buds were dancing when I had this sandwich.  It may be on the pricey side but it's completely worth it.  Also, if you check in on yelp, they have some discounts available, as well as on their page on Facebook.  One last surprise was their "Tree of Life" sandwich.  I'm not really a vegetable eater but we gave it a shot because it's their most popular one.  I loved all the flavors and I totally forgot that everything I was eating was healthy and vegetable-y!  I cannot wait until they have their own place, because right now, they are currently set up inside the LGBTQ center in downtown Las Vegas, and most importantly, I can't wait until they make their way to California!
4	The staff is very friendly and I've only had the Bizness salad which I give it a A+ yumm.. I'm for sure going back for the WhatWhat :) the ice coffee was good although not strong enough for me. They have a patio are that I will defiantly make sure to enjoy on a nice day :) also if it's your first time here do not look for a sign with the actual name because you're not going to find it I'll post a picture of the sign the you need to look for. I hope it helps someone.
5	Best service and amazing sandwiches! Love everything they offer but of course my fav is the LGBTQ! Also hummus or babaganoosh is only $2.25 more with a sandwich or salad purchase! Soup of the day today, butternut squash, was good too! Love this place
5	Incredible staff.. Helped in ordering. The food was amazing and at first I  had to make sure I was not eating real bacon. The sides were good but the Brussels sprouts were a bit hard , under cooked but the flavor was tasty. A bit hard to get for tourists. We had to walk 6 blocks to get to a taxi.
5	We just ordered for delivery. Fantastic phone experience.  Love the vegan menu. Can't wait for our dinner to arrive. Stay tuned.Well, dinner arrived and it was absolutely delicious.  The vegan chocolate cheesecake is out of this world.  You've got to try this place. Awesome just doesn't quite capture it.
5	Good sandwich and nice young lady deliver to the LV convention center. We ordered the turkey sandwich and Ms. Piggy, both were delicious and came with some green salad. We loved it!
5	I'm not a big fan of vegetarian food and i had the guac & mole,  let me tell you this was amazing.  Full of flavor and so filling. I fell in love and i will be ordering from here again for sure!
5	Came back again and this time they were very busy! Lots going on but they still held it together. The cashier apologized for the long wait which is a nice gesture. I got the Tree of Life and taste I enjoyed but did not care for the drippiness of the sandwich. I would ask for less sauce next time. The watermelon chia juice is outstanding! I would love to try all of their juices.
4	I have never been to The Center, and I wish I had had the time to look around a little more. The lobby area - where you will find the Bronze Cafe - has the feel of an open library, with some computers available for use against one wall, and book shelves along a longer curved wall. I really liked the atmosphere, it made me feel like I was a little bit more cool just for having been there.The counter guy was super friendly, and offered us a sample of their lentil soup with veggies. It was very flavorful, and actually light & refreshing, which is quite an accomplishment for a bean soup.I really like roasted veggies, so I ordered The Good Earth, and I also got an ice-brewed coffee. The sandwich had lettuce, tomato, roasted? mushrooms, roasted eggplant, alfalfa sprouts, an orange dressing of some kind, sunflower seeds, and what tasted like candied walnuts. I love eggplant, but it really wan't cooked well enough. Cooked eggplant is kind of mushy (and delicious!), but this was still pretty firm & spongy, like it was pretty raw. All the other ingredients were fantastic, and even the candied walnuts went surprisingly well with the other ingredients. But for a roasted veggie sandwich, I also would have liked to see something other than just the eggplant & possibly mushrooms. (I am not sure if the mushrooms were actually roasted. I have not heard of such a thing, but otherwise the eggplant would have been the only roasted veggie.) The pita bread was delicious.My friend had the Tree of Life, and she thought it was awesome.I can't really judge the ice-brewed coffee, as I have never had it before. I had heard it was much less bitter than heat-brewed coffee and so I really wanted to try it. But it pretty much just tasted like iced coffee but not as watered down. It could be the most phenomenal ice-brewed coffee ever, but it was my first taste so I can't compare it. Personally, I will stick with regular coffee in the future.Weird, right? I didn't like my sandwich or my drink, but I still gave it four stars. I liked the atmosphere and the service, and I just feel like I happened to order the wrong thing for me. I feel confident the next visit will be a five-star experience.Finding it: as you drive south on Maryland (one way in this area), The Center is on your left immediately after Lewis Ave. Just turn into the first parking lot you can.
5	I've had a tough time finding healthy food options in town and came across this gem of a place purely by chance. Once here I was blown away by the staff and their friendly demeanor, the healthy food options (a big vegan menu), and the quality of the food.  In ordered the Tree of Life sandwich and was very happy with the result.  It was packed full of fresh ingredients and the overall flavor of it was astounding. I didn't feel overly full but was perfectly satisfied.  I'll definitely be coming back here for more!
5	This place is great.  The staff is very friendly and kind.  The atmosphere was nice and quite with some books to read and there were some computer to use.  We ordered the Miss Piggy and hummus with pita.  The sandwich was amazing and tasty.  All the flavors complimented each other.  The humus came with pita that was warm and was delicious.  I will definatley come back again!
5	Super friendly and helpful staff! Had a veggie smoothie-deee-lish!Would go out of my way again to try the other morsels that look quite delectable!!
5	Eating food is an experience, and the staff at the bronze delivered. I ordered the compacted order, which is an amazing sandwich filled with great food. But the staff made it even better. This place had the best service of any restaurant that I have been to. Definitely try it when you come to Vegas.
5	This is a gem that we found by searching for "vegan" food. I am not vegan but I was feeling like I could not stomach another Las Vegas buffet. I was not expecting to have the best bacon sandwich of my life. The folds that took my order talked me into a "full order" sandwich. A mix of both worlds.
5	Best kept secret downtown!!Great variety for vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters.This is where the people who own the joint really make friends and will come to know your name! I love it and I try to find a way to get down here at least once or twice a week!
4	I admit I was hesitant about trying this place, although it had awesome reviews, they say they are Vegan and well I am anything but and tend to be skeptical of anyplace that is proud of catering to Vegans. Nothing against Vegans but I love meat, and well fat = flavor, and how many vegetables have fat in them. I was surprised by how much I liked this place. I ordered the LGBTQ. It did not disappoint, it had bacon jam which was slightly sweet, maple bacon and plenty of it, lettuce tomato and some sort of aioli.  It also came with a small side salad which was just spinach, however it was tossed in a light, slightly tangy lemon vinaigrette which was ever so good. The price was a little over $9. The drinks are a little pricey, $1.50 for a can of soda or $1.95 for water or San Pell which I had. But I guess you can't have everything. I was also surprised by how crowded it was, we got the last table. There are couches as it is a community center that were free.   Also, if I didn't make this obvious for anyone out there like me, the bacon was real it was not faux bacon and they have other real meat while also offering options to the vegetarians and vegans among us.
4	This place is at the Center and it's great.  First of all, the people who work there are so friendly.  Then you see they have a great choice of sandwiches and salads, which are wonderful.  I had the BLT essentially, but they have a way cuter name for it.  Anyway, it is FULL of bacon, and a heavenly little thing called bacon jam (see my review of Honey Salt another place which supplies this wonderful condiment).  I had a latte which was awesome, and then we checked out their baked goods.  I had a loving v. virginia which is the legalization of marriage between a cookie and a brownie.  It was such a cute name I HAD to get it and it was worth the $3.95, although being a bit of a baker myself I think it could have been cooked a little less.  Now, the only reason it is not getting five stars is that there is not too many tables, but here's the thing, it's a CENTER and probably not meant to be a restaurant, but that's ok!  If you ask someone if you can sit with them, they ALWAYS let you!  I will be going back, and back, and back to this place for lunch!!
5	I loved the tree of life! The variety is awesome here! I love the location, its pretty much an awesome place for open minded people looking for great taste in food with many meatless options!! My boyfriend also enjoyed his food which did have meat in it.. can't wait to go back!!
5	Since my first time here, I've returned 4 times in a time span of 1 week... I just can't get enough.Located at the center, this place offers a great selection. My personal favorite is "the bizzness" with chickpeas, curried quinoa, and beet salad. You get the option of choosing any three of their sides. Their brussel sprouts are good too. Whether you choose from their mole sandwich, good earth, green goddess, or LGBTQ, you won't be disappointed. Don't skip out on dessert. Get their peanut butter snickerdoodle cookie and warm it up. You won't be disappointed. Friendly staff and great area to sit down and get some work done.
4	I am teetering between 4 and 5 stars on the Bronze Cafe. My friend and I came with our 3 kiddies after a visit to the Discovery Children's Museum on Friday since we were in the neighborhood and everyone I know has been raving about The Tree of Life! The people that work here are SO friendly and fantastic. I ordered hummus with a side of pita, the soup of the day (vegetable), and the tree of life. The gentleman who I paid with gave me a 5% student discount on top of my Yelp check-in. Lunch here was very fairly priced and with exceptional service. They have 2 tables seated outside if you want to dine al-fresco, which we opted for, and an employee helped me carry my food out because my life is always a handful. The hummus was so fresh and tasty! You can tell it wasn't packaged and sitting there for days. The pita was very soft, and my daughter was so happy because hummus is one of her favorite foods. She also enjoyed the soup which had a plethora of various veggies (zucchini, yellow squash, tomatoes, carrots, hominy) and a very light broth that tasted like a bunch of boiled down veggies. It made me feel good finding such a healthy lunch option for her on the go. Lastly, I was able to eat my pita and boy was it delicious! I don't know what about it makes it so good (I think it's the sauce), but I want to come here after every visit to the museum and feast my face on this tree of life. It was packed full of veggies, roasted veggies, greens, avocado, and some hummus that I threw on there. I don't know if I'll be able to stray away to try the bizness but everyone knows of my love for kale. So why the 1 star removed? Well, I am a parent, and kind of prude. I love the LGBTQ community, but I didn't realize how different things would be when I came with kids. First of all, at the entrance is a bowl at the help desk. I was going to grab a mint, until I realized they were condoms. Then, when I took my daughter to the restroom, there were two other guys in there. My daughter was puzzled like "why are there men in the bathroom?" It was just a little strange to see men in our little sacred ground of a restroom. Lastly, there's a library here, and my daughter LOVES books so she runs over and grabs some books while I am ordering and paying. Yes, I know that I should have been watching her more carefully, but since we are at least once a week library frequenters, I figured she would be fine. When I'm done ordering, I walk over to her and her friends, and I notice that it's a LGBTQ library. Some of the books have photos on the front that are not appropriate for little children. Several have textual content that is definitely not appropriate for children (luckily none of them can read, they're 4 and under). After I noticed this, I told them they couldn't get any more books. When I talked another friend of mine who recommended this place to me, I told her what had happened and she was shocked, because her kids have also grabbed books to look at while waiting. Therefore, to parents, watch your children. I will definitely be back to try more delicious food and keep a closer eye on my children.
5	OMG.  The LGBTQ Sandwich is seriously the BEST sandwich I have had anywere. I mean, it beats out Mendocino Farms sandwiches in Los Angeles.  I am not kidding. Seriously. the best.  And you can use a bank of free computers while you wait. Who knew.  Yes, please.  Win and win.
5	If you want something new with an informal setting this is the place for you! Lots to choose from and everything is unique. My favorite is the WHAT WHAT!  Give it a try, you'll be sure to return. Noon hour tends to be busier than normal, of course.
5	A fabulous place with quality food and ingredients! I have tried just about everything here and my favorites are the Beet and Goat Cheese Salad(full size), the LGBTQ, and Good Earth. Everything is filled with flavor. I come here quite often because of the food and friendly service.
5	Tree of life is amazing!!! The staff is extremely helpful and does a great job of explaining the menu... You can pretty much tell them anything and they have something for you! Oh and the honeydew cucumber water is amazing!!
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this venue. I stopped in to kill time and ordered this delightful cookie brownie evil decadent thing and I was not disappointed. Very clean and the vegetarian menu was put together well. Worth a second visit indeed.
5	I'm from LA with a lot of good food here, but this is the best food I've had in a long time!  We were passing through LV and looking for something healthy so we Yelped "Vegetarian" and this place came up with good ratings.  I'm so glad we stopped.I'm not a vegetarian, but like vegetarian food (and try not to eat too much meat), so my partner and I split the Tree of Life sandwich, and the LGBTQ bacon sandwich.  Both were delicious!On our way back home 7 days later, I made sure to time it so we could have lunch there.  This time we had the Tree of Life again (so good!) and tried the Good Earth Pita, also vegetarian and also delicious.  And, because I everything was so good, we got 2 salads (The Bizness) to go for us to have for dinner when we got home in LA a few hours later.  And yes, they were just as delicious as the sandwiches.  Oh, as was the banana bread we got for a snack for the car.To top it off, the staff was super friendly and helpful.  We ended up meeting Peter and David, the owners, and I wish them the best of luck.  I don't normally gush about a place like I am now, but I don't normally have delicious, healthy food at a reasonable price.  I just hope I didn't over sell it.
5	I typically try to wait until I have a few experiences with a restaurant before jumping into a review.   So much can change from visit to visit that I always find it a bit presumptuous to assume that a place is 5 stars worth of awesome or 1 star worth of non-awesome based on one measly visit.   And yet one measly visit to the Bronze Cafe, oh, 2 hours ago, and here I am anointing it with 5 stars.   Enter the Tree of Life.   The Tree of life stars Brad Pitt in a Malick film about the life and the universe.   Yelp/RottenTomatoes Crossover alert!   Okay so this Pita stuffed with veggies and other vegan goodies like a cashew crema and a brazil nut crumble has nothing to do with the movie, but much like I had left the theater after seeing Tree of Life, I had a lot of questions about this Tree of Life after I left Bronze Cafe.   Namely:  was that one of the tastiest pita breads I've ever had? (yes).    Did I really just enjoy a Pita stuffed without any meat products?  (yes).   Did I really just order something called "Banana Boy Bait"?  (YES)   Well how I really ordered it was I said something along the lines of "and one of those banana bread things".    Then the guy who seemed to be running the joint goes "Banana Boy Bait?!"  to which I looked around sheepishly before saying yes.   It's totally worth any stares you might receive though.   It lasted all of 3 minutes on the table.   I'm not joking when I say I plan to try every sandwich and every Vegan dessert on the menu before my own personal Tree of Life wilts away and has me feasting on dirt and worms.   Service was friendly, quick and efficient.   The dining area was clean and there wasn't any air of pretentiousness that I think Vegan friendly places can oftentimes be stereotyped with.   In fact it was the complete opposite.I didn't need to use the restroom so I didn't get to participate in the gender neutrality that it provides.   The thought excites me though because I've heard from some of my female friends that sometimes you all have couches in there sometimes and I'm curious how this translates here.  I've got my fingers crossed for a La-Z-Boy recliner personally.
5	The food here was incredible. We had the tree of life. The ingredients were balanced, fresh and delicious. The pita was toasted perfectly. Soft with a slight crunch. We also got the LGBT sandwich. I didn't know what to expect with the bacon jam.....amazing!!!!  It makes the sandwich. Finally we ordered the vegan/glueten free ginger snaps.  They were wonderful as well. I have been singing the bronze cafe's praises since we left yesterday!
5	Excellent quality, fresh food, wonderfully seasoned. Staff was very friendly. Lovely, lovely, lovely. Even if you are not a vegetarian, you will love the quality and the portion size.
5	Awesome sandwiches - for meat eaters as well!  Try the LGBTQ - best BLT!  Their delivery service is quite handy and prompt.  Location itself has a nice sitting area if you have time to linger.  Get any sandwich on the ciabatta - can't go wrong.  Also enjoy the strawberry cookie.
5	Saw reviews on Yelp. Thought it would be great last Vegas meal before going home. Checked in & got $1 off order. Saw a cookie "marriage" with brownie so had to order. Delicious!
4	The first time I came here I ordered the bizness salad with brussel sprouts, roasted chicken and curried quinoa. I liked every element except for the brussel sprouts. They were both bitter and too hard to eat. The curried quinoa while dry had a good flavor. No complaints with the roasted chicken, it was how chicken should be. I was also surprised at how generous the portions were. Now after living in LV for 4 months Bronze Cafe is the restaurant I visit most frequently because of the fresh/high quality ingredients. Last time I visited, I tried one of their homemade desserts. I chose the peanut butter snickerdoodle cookie, it was hard as a rock and had more of a consistency to that of a shortbread cookie. I could barely make out any cinnamon sugar and the peanut butter was also an after thought.
5	Love this place!  The food is seriously off the chain!  And I feel healthy in eating it, which is a nice bonus!  I believe they have delivery, but might call ahead and double check me on that.Located in the lobby of The Center on Maryland Pkwy, there is plenty of seating.  There is relaxing background music and the atmosphere is laid back.  The staff are uber friendly and helpful.  They have tea, coffee, smoothies, sandwiches, salads, soup and various sides.  Try one of the many available homemade desserts...seriously goodness in your mouth!  My favs have to be the LGBTQ sandwich (bacon jam, yes bacon jam...nuff said!), hummus and The Fruity Pebbles Cookie.  The Tree of Life Pita is also wonderful...Even if the location is off your beaten path...it's really worth a stop.  You won't be disappointed!  I might even see on my volunteer nights at The Center!  :)
5	The Food is Great! The Caring from the owners, Dave and Peter, is to the Moon!Please come back and support healthy living and eating!
5	The bacon jam scone is delicious and The Bizness is one of the best salads I've ever had - definitely made with love.  While the food is awesome, the staff is even better - so friendly and accommodating.  Highly recommended.
5	My nephews came to town to visit us. One of them is Vegan, and the other is Vegetarian. Good luck in finding a place  for lunch Downtown near Fremont that caters to their Cuisine....or so I thought! One quick search on Yelp said that the Bronze Cafe was not only within a mile, but it also had 5 Stars! We loved it so much we just had to go back for the second day in a row!The food is excellent, light but filling, leaving us satisfied until dinner. The  smoothies were very refreshing as well, topped off with an all natural oat bar for desert. The Cafe itself is pretty tiny, but there is plenty of seating and the decor is clean and modern. The staff are very friendly and super helpful when we asked for help in deciding what to get. They also have ham,turkey, and bacon for those who need their favorite form of protein. We won't be waiting for our Vegan/Vegetarian guests to  visit before coming back here to eat!  The Renfroes
4	Nestled inside The Center, which serves the LGBTQ community here in Vegas, is this gem of a restaurant, which serves everyone a healthy and tasty meal. We stopped in for a bite this afternoon, and I left feeling full and refreshed.My husband ordered the LGBTQ sandwich, which is one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten. LEMON vinaigrette, mixed GREENS, BACON jam, TOMATO, and Q-CUMBER on ciabatta. You can't go wrong with that!I would have ordered the same thing (and I will next time I go), but I wanted to try something else, so I ordered the The Bizness, which is a kale salad topped with your choice of three items. I got the brussel sprouts, beet/quinoa, and spiced chickpeas. This was one tasty salad, don't get me wrong, but after having a bite of the LGBTQ, all I could do was stare longingly at it while I munched on my veggies.Each of our choices was $9.95, which seems a little pricey for my salad but is a steal for the LGBTQ. We'll be back!
5	Friendly, personal service and unbeatably healthy, delicious foods. Coffee and Pastries too!I love the Canteloupe Tumeric Water. I never drink soda now! The Just Too Good For You smoothie is a meal replacement. The California Turkey is the best sandwich, in my thorough research. I will get the Complicated Order when I'm in the mood for some bacon. Ask for a free sample of the soup of the day, it's the best.
5	I orders the tree of life pita- AMAZING!! I also ordered the vegan superfoods smoothie- also quite tasty. I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas! Maybe even before I leave...
4	I love the food at Bronze Cafe. I have been here a couple times and tried a couple of their sandwiches and they were delicious. The food taste very fresh and healthy. Luckily the great food makes up for the horrible location. There are plenty options if you are a vegetarian, vegan, or have a  gluten free diet.  I highly recommend this place!
5	I LOOOOOVEEEE the vegan cheesecakes. I had the green tea one and it was amazing, it wasn't greasy nor didn't have an oily texture that you'd find in other store bought vegan cheesecakes. A friend of mine had some sort of strawberry one which was also good. They offer different kinds of cheesecakes on different days so it's always a surprise to come back and see what they have next.I've also had their melon and pineapple drinks. Amazing as well and not overly sugary. This is definitely one of my new favorite vegan places. (Not that I had one to begin with)I've heard the Tree of Life vegan sandwich is also great, i have yet to try it and can't wait to come back.The staff was nice, knowledgeable, made sure we had everything we needed, and was kind enough to answer any questions of mine about the ingredients in their food. Yayyy you guys!
5	I cant justify giving this place any less than 5 stars. The service was amazing. The food was some of the best that I have ever had. And the bathrooms are awesome! Every place needs bathrooms like this. Also the juices are very refreshing and super yummy. Our server let us try different deserts before we bought one. He noticed my girlfriend was a teacher and even gave us the discount after we got our food. If you are in the area you must go here. It is the best cafe in Vegas.
5	OK, I get what all the hype is about.  I really enjoyed my lunch, everyone was very friendly.  It is so nice to just have what seems like a healthy meal option that is well made and perfectly seasoned.  I will have to try some of the other options.
5	The Bizness (with the beets,  avocado and red pepper hummus) was great.  Also had the watermelon chia water. Went with a large group and service was prompt and well executed. Also sampled the tree of life sandwich (yum) and the pineapple mint Chia water.  Great,  tasty food and drink!!!
5	What a treat to find somewhere to get my green smoothie fix! Super friendly and helpful staff. A welcome change of pace from the normal food offerings of vegas. I got the real results fitness smoothie and added kale it did not disappoint and tasted like a peanut butter cup! Yummy! I hope this isn't my last time at Bronze Cafe but good thing they deliver to my hotel.
5	I absolutely love this place. Not only is the food amazing but the staff is exceptional. They have a great variety of food, drinks, and pastries. My favorites is the it's complicated sandwich and bacon scone. It is definitely a hidden gem.
5	The food is off the chart and I love that they feature so much local/ regional ingredients plus a great selection of vegetarian and vegan choices.  By far the best coffee in town (ice filtered through their glass Frankenstein looking still).  David and his staff are very pleasant and like to crack jokes.  I love that the location is central and that part of the revenues are going to support our local LGBTQ community center.  I have also held an event at The Center which was catered by Bronze Cafe and everything was delicious, particularly the exotice mixed fresh juices.  The Center has a very nice board room and several large conference spaces they rent out and they offer very good discounts to local community groups and nonprofits.
5	I travel to Vegas for work, & my first stop is Bronze Cafe. I'm obsessed with this place! What a find! The bizness salad is so fresh & incredible. Their lemon dressing makes healthy eating to die for! And since they cater to gluten & dairy-free, I always order their unique & delicious "cheese" cakes! It doesn't hurt that the staff is super sweet, too!
5	I love this place, they have vegan and veggie options as well as some meat plates. Everything is so fresh and yummy! The Tree of Life is by far the best dish for Vegans- but the cheesecake. Oh the cheesecake. They have different flavors all the time, so don't expect to get the one you want- the ones I have tried are the Green Tea, Chocolate, and Raspberry. They are by far the best vegan cheesecakes I have ever had. Ever.Now for the drinks, the honeydew, watermelon, pineapple, and cantaloupe. Honeydew is the most refreshing in my opinion, not too sweet or powerfully flavorful. Watermelon is good, but sweet, and the pineapple is tasty, but also sweet. They are all really good and a great alternative to sodas or powered waters since they are fresh squeezed with no added sugar or water.They also no have a new item, the Chocolate Ambrosia Sandwich with white chocolate raspberry bread for less than 5$ and it is to DIE FOR. GAH, it's like eating a little bit of Angel wing, if an Angel's wing tasted like AWESOMENESS. Get it, it's worth it.
5	Not sure what I can say about this place that hasn't already been said... I ordered the bizness, which is a kale salad that you can pick 3 accompaniments for- it was very flavorful. Husband had a sandwich on house made gluten free bread - super good! Loved the strawberry gluten free vegan cheesecake. Top 5 vegan friendly lunch places I've been to!
4	I've had lots of vegan and vegetarian food- some is amazing, and some is underwhelming. But here, they're good at mixing unlikely flavor combinations and textures for filling yet still meatless meals. There are some carnivore-friendly options available, too.The Good Earth is a phenomenal sandwich of roasted veggies on a pita, topped with the lemon-rubbed kale, a hummus sauce, and something made with sunflower seeds. After "roasted veggies" I pretty much tuned everything out and handed over my credit card. It was delicious.Combine a great first meal with attentive and personable service and a cozy, library-like setting with comfortable tables and chairs, and I will happily try a new sandwich  every time I'm on this side of town.
5	Never been to the center but found it pretty cozy!!  This was my fist time and the girl who took my order was very helpful and had a few samples!!  I ordered the what what and my cousin the tree of life.  The lemon vinegar eye is yummy!!  The sandwich was very good and cousin loveed the tree ofLife (vegan). She even said this was her new favorite place..  Snicker doodle peanut butter cookie was amazing!!
5	I have a confession: I actually made a Yelp account exclusively to write a review about the Bronze Cafe. Never have I felt so strongly about the integrity of a food establishment: light springy and flavorful kale salads, creamy smoothies filled with the kind of stuff that grew pop-eyes muscles before our eyes, and incredible baked goods that are so good they make me want to ... YELP!
5	LGBTQ was the best BLT ever. If you like real coffee you've got to go here. They have great food, coffee, smoothies and lots of other things. Worth a visit. I'll be going back soon.
5	We've been coming her since they opened over a year ago and we love it. I refer so many people to bronze. Chef Peter and David thank you for opening something healthy near our home in downtown.  I highly recommend.
5	This is my most frequented place to eat or drink! I have there excellent iced coffee at least 5 days a week along with the blueberry boy bait, which I call blue boy! I'm always greeted with warmth and sincerity! The food is incredible! The business with crispy bacon, lentils and chick peas is my #1 item. If I'm feeling like being carb friendly I get the LGBTQ! That sandwich is a masterpiece! Thanks David and Peter for opening an authentically friendly, healthy and delicious spot!!!
5	Amazing, love that the bread is vegan as well, was skeptical about that at first, but They confirmed that for me that made me come back for another one the following week! Kind of stingy on the sauce for the salad, but overall, a great vegan sandwich.
5	I had the Complicated One sandwich. OMG the maple bacon jam is fantastic! The sandwich  was huge and came with a small salad. The banana boi bait for dessert was delicious. I will definitely be coming back.
2	All my friends and everyone at my work told me this place is awesome and the yelp reviews are awesome too but 45 minutes for a damn sandwich and I got the wrong sandwich...far from awesome
5	My husband and I are both chefs and our minds were blown by this place! We dabble in vegan/vegetarian food from time or time and this is the best we've come across. Huge kudos to the chef and the staff for making the food taste as delicious as it looks. Quality here is top notch people! Excellent customer service Great coffee (brew method pictured below)Complicated order- soooo goodGood earth pita- perfection Pineapple chia mint water- BombQ-cumber honeydew water- pretty goodVegan blueberry cheesecake- creamy and deliciousBrownie/cookie in one- KILLER! They offer to warm it slightly which is a nice touch. We ate half there and planned to eat the other half at home, but sure enough we didn't even make it out of the parking lot and it was gone! LOLThere are so many other baked goodies I'm now kicking myself for not snatching up while I had the chance but we will be back for more!
5	The staff here is amazing and I love the food! The tree of life is a must as well as loving v. Virginia. All of the pastries and vegan cheesecakes are really good too. If you're on the fence about what flavor to pick, they'll usually provide a sample. The center is a great place for lunch or to just hang out and read a book.
4	After reading all of the hype on yelp we had to check it out. When we pulled into "the center" we thought we had to be in the wrong place. After realizing it was inside, we went in and started our experience. Great service and staff, the food is good but I wouldn't say it's wonderful.
5	Wow! Once again I'm blown away with fresh ingredients and layers of taste.  Go now and ask for the David Special! You're welcome.
5	Such a nice place in Vegas! We had the Life Of Tree sandwich and the Bizness salad, they tasted amazing and in pretty good portion. The staffs here are very friendly and adorable! Adorable in an innocent way. :) we love them and love the foods and the idea of this cafe. Would come back again and again if we come to Vegas!
5	This is honestly my favorite place to go to. For starters the staff are always very friendly and responsive. The vegetarian/vegan options are fantastic, you can order any thing on the menu and feel like you're eating healthy. From a veggie lover's perspective, this place is awesome! They aren't skimpy on their serving sizes either! I recommend this place to anyone who loves healthy and fresh food without sacrificing taste!
5	This place is the BOMB! Vegetarian, vegan and meat dishes are all fabulous! Friendly and awesome staff makes the whole experience a pleasure! So happy to be a regular here!
5	Finally got to try this place out last week and everything and everyone was Devine! Tree of Life left me wanting it daily. Vegan cheesecake was the bomb.
5	This place has some of the best food and customer service I've ever experience in the Las Vegas valley. Albert and Yishay run the place like a 5 star restaurant, not to mention the place is very well kept. The food is made to perfection with high quality produce and the flavor in each dish shares its own unique taste that will hit the spot every time! Love the food and the atmosphere!
5	My review for this place is way overdue, but I've had quite the love affair with Bronze Cafe. I was working in downtown Vegas for a 3-month project, and Bronze Cafe happened to be close by and had delivery service. I chose this place on a whim my first week there, and ended up getting it for lunch at least twice a week, every week for the duration of the project. YES, it was THAT good. And being the insatiable, variety-loving foodie that I am, I ended up cheating on the Bronze every so often and trying other lunch places nearby.... but none of them made me feel the way the Bronze did -- giddy, warm, happy, cared for, so I always came crawling back.Maybe it's the way they carefully assembled the salads and sandwiches like the pieces of culinary art that they were. Or maybe it's the love and care they put into their freakishly delicious vegan baked treats. Whatever the "it" factors were, they got me hooked and begging for more each week. It's with some sadness and nostalgia that I write this review now, sitting some 500-plus miles away, fondly reminiscing over the great times we had together.ANYWAY, I may never get over you, Bronze, but I think listing some of your great qualities to the world so that others may be able to love in the same ways that I love you will help give me some closure. So here it goes:FOOD: In one plain word.... Uhhhh-mazing. The breads for their sandwiches are always the perfect balance of fluffy and crunchy, the dressings are unique and always drizzled to the right amount, and I haven't had a single thing that I didn't like. My favorites are:- The Bizness: Massaged kale salad base, with up to 3 added sides; the best ones are the spiced/curried chickpeas, beet & quinoa salad, and roasted brussels sprouts (with some sort of crack-laden sauce that has me licking my fingers and utensils every time). You can also add chicken!- The Complicated Order: Trust me when I say that everything about this sandwich is a win, from the turkey to the bacon/bacon jam to even the Qcumbers (cucumbers)! - Tree of Life pita: Breathes new life into me every time, with that amazingly soft and fluffy pita and roasted red peppers. - Banana boy bait: Some of the best banana bread you'll ever have- Strawberry jam cookie: Oh.... be still, my heart! The perfect combination of chewy and crumbly shortbread and rich strawberry jam- Peanut butter snickerdoodle cookie: I'm a sucker for nut butter, and this cookie only worsens my addiction. It's super crumbly and delicious!SERVICE: People are always sweet, friendly, and helpful. Plus, if you come in a lot (or call in a lot, like me, to the point where they start recognizing your voice....) they will show you little tokens of their appreciation for your loyalty! AMBIANCE: Vibrant, warm, and colorful. They're located in an LGBT center and the cafe is really cute, with a colorful dining area surrounded by shelves of eclectic books. Both my vegan and non-vegan friends also enjoyed this place! Till we meet again, Bronze!
5	They initially messed up on my order but their customer service was beyond my expectations. This time they didn't over promise but over delivered. Thank you to the entire Bronze Cafe staff members. You guys were awesome and we will continue to use you guys for our show deliveries :)Did I mention their food is absolutely amazing? Salads were great. Sandwiches were bomb. And the smoothies, wow, I'm still thinking about at 12:49am.Thanks for the great service and food.
5	What a gem!  A total find in Las Vegas.  Don't judge it by its location or easy and simple atmosphere... There's a few select items that pack an amazing punch with every bite that will blow its competitors out of the water. Loved the Tree of Life Pita - Even if you're not Vegan or Vegetarian, its a must try.  This is my personal favorite and go to.  The flavors are excellent together.Thai Salad - Wonderful and yummy with great flavorThe Complicated order - If I feel like being bad, this is it.  Packed with loads of bacon (that I think are done in the oven because its not greasy) and turkey.  I couldn't put it down, but I was stuffed afterwards.The other sandwiches were good, but the Tree of Life and Complicated order my favorites. Sides - some were better than others, but not because they were bad but they weren't as exciting as the sandwiches.  With flavors this good, you have a lot to live up to with each bite.  And they were great about letting us sample them. They also have a slow drip cold coffee device right by the register that looks fun... I don't drink coffee, but I was told it takes 8 hours to brew.I love the service.  Even though its a simple cafe, they are great.  Super friendly and attentive.  A definite must try!  And the best part is they deliver.  So, if you're stuck eating the nasty food at the convention center for a conference.  Just know that they deliver!
5	Are you interested in eating healthier, or maybe trying to understand why people love vegan food so much? If so the Bronze Cafe is a place you need to bookmark, and take the time to check out. I could sit here and write paragraph after paragraph describing the Bronze Cafe's offerings, but let's just say this former Missouri cattleman who will never totally give up beef and dairy products was totally blown away by the Bronze Cafe. Two visits here literally kickstarted a dietary change for me that has inspired me to have more vegan offerings around the house. Vegan food doesn't have to suck.. the Bronze Cafe has turned my attitude towards vegan fare completely around. Pricing: Good food isn't cheap, but after having lunch here I've went back to work and noticed a difference in my energy levels and ability to get things done. Again...try their stuff...pay attention to what's in it...and let the Bronze Cafe show you there are alternatives out there! 5 Stars. Yes, I hate giving out 5 Stars on Yelp reviews anymore. But it is what it is...and anything less than 5 Stars just doesn't seem appropriate.
5	Ohmygoodness. This place fulfills my lactose intolerant dreams! Vegan cheesecake. That's all I need to say. Get off the computer. You have food to order.
4	Stopped her to grab a sandwich , it was very good! Even my three year old loves it , I also had a coconut almond smoothie which was very good. I def will come here again when I'm in this side of town.
5	OMG!  The ciabatta bread is so soft and fresh!  The worker said that the bread was delivered the same  morning from a nearby bakery.  The peanut butter chocolate chip vegan cheesecake is out of this world!Excellent cafe for both vegans and non-vegans alike.  All the paper menu items are marked whether they are vegan or gluten-free.  Don't let it scare you that the cafe is inside the LGBT Center. Everyone is friendly, even if you are straight.
5	Had the Vegan Cacao Superfoods Blended Smoothie (vegan and gluten-free) today for the first time: Housemade vanilla almond mylk, banana, avocado, dates, maca powder and raw cacao powder.  Unique taste, nice texture and no glucose rush. Bronze just keeps me coming back for more. I am hearing new breakfast items are coming?
5	Hidden gem! You wouldn't find this place if you weren't looking for it (it's inside The Center--dont let that deter you!), and it is all sorts of awesome! The samdwiches were very filling -- the Tree of Life pita was delicious (roasted red peppers, avocado, cashew cream, greens) and the BF loved the Complicated sandwich (bacon jam, turkey). Their dirty chai hit the spot and they have yummy looking baked goods. So lots of healthy and less-than-healthy options ;) Will definitely go back if I'm in the area!
5	it is worth all the hype!  i loved it!  fresh, flavorful, healthy, interesting!!!!!  just go!
5	This weekend my husband and I were pleasantly surprised to come across the Bronze Cafe!! As we stood trying to decide what to order, out came Howard. Howard was seemingly able to read our tastes immediately.  He recommended the pineapple mint chia drink for my hubby and I had the watermelon chia, BOTH ARE AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS!  I then ordered the tree of life sandwich that he suggested. It came with a side salad of mixed greens caressed in a delicious lemon vinaigrette!  The Bronze Cafe is my new desert oasis.Howard you are my new best friend!! Thank you for the great cafe experience.
5	Awesome. The good earth pita was off the chart.  Service beyond great. We were nervous at first not knowing the area but it was the best eatery on our road trip.
5	"That smoothie was so good I almost stole it from Cathy" - a very daring statement from my sister. Take my money, take my boyfriend...I'll get over it. Take my food? You want war!After a nice morning at the gym, my sister and I finally went here after months of talking about it. I keep hearing positive comments about this place. They have vegan, gluten-free and regular options. But fear not, they have bacon if that's your thing.Coconut Almond Blended:I absolutely have a strong dislike of anything coconut. But with my lucky experiences of getting something I hate and ending up liking it (for the past few months) inspired me to get this. Well, I can add this to the list. It tasted like a very mild horchata. Pleasantly and surprisingly delicious! 5/5Kale Apple Banana Smoothie:The taste of kale reminds me of a fruit I ate when I was little, Spanish plum. So drinking kale + other fruits isn't foreign to me. This was a little sweetness to it and a nice tart flavor. 5/5Iced Coffee:I'm not a big coffee drinker but THIS was good. It takes them 8 hours to make. It wasn't bitter and I didn't feel the need to add anything to it. 5/5The Hummus:Comes with warm pita and olives on top. I ate around the olives since I'm allergic to them. Freshly made and delightful. 4/5The Agrodolce Brussels Sprouts:Roasted Brussels sprouts with Italian sweet and sour vinaigrette. The sprouts looked a bit overcooked but when you eat them, they still have that crunch. The vinaigrette was a bit tangy and refreshing. 5/5The Curried Quinoa:Quinoa, dried cranberries, almonds, parsley with sweet curry. Lots of textures and flavors. Quinoa and almonds are good non-meat protein sources minus LDL's. Cranberries are good for the ladies. 5/5The Bizness:Chopped kale with lemon vinaigrette. You can pick and choose 3 side items or roasted chicken / bacon / avocado to put in this salad. So, if you get a combo that sucks then, it's your fault! Accountability 101. But no worries, all the sides they have are good. 5/5The Banana Boy Bait:This got me singing "hey you're such a pretty boy. Hey you're such a pretty boy. You're so pretty". Banana bread with natural sweeteners. The top has a little crunch to it. They bring it to you hot. Yuuuuuummm!!! I was supposed to split this 50/50 with my sister but quickly ended up at  60/40 - she caught me before it went to 80/20. "I'm saving you from calories." 5/5This is located inside The Center which is a LGBTQ facility. They have books and computers with internet. They have their own parking lot which is a big deal because I'm not a fan of paying for parking! I love this place!!!
5	I got The What What sandwich and not only was it tasty everything was also fresh,  the ciabata bread was soft and crunchy on the outside.  I also got the pineapple with chia fruit juice and it was  really refreshing. To top it all off the customer service was excellent they are friendly, cheerful,  and welcoming.  A place to come to since the place has a great atmosphere. I plan to go again for lunch since I am in the area for a training seminar. Thank you everyone for the reviews since I got to find this hidden gem.
5	I went to lunch here with my mom and best friend today and we were definitely not disappointed. It's about 20 minutes away from us but well worth the drive. I had the complicated sandwich, it was sooooo good, sooo much bacon lol! The people working there were super nice and helpful as well. We will most definitely be coming back, plus they deliver any where for $1!
5	In Vegas & struggling to eat healthy? Yeaa, me too. Bronze Cafe is our answer. Here for a week on biz and enjoying my time eating here for lunch & dinner - everyday. Staff is cool, down to earth & friendly. Nutrition for mind, body, and soul. :)
5	Had a wonderful lunch. Had the Good Earth Pita! It was out of this world good!  Lots of vegetarian, vegan and gulten free salads, sandwiches, and desserts. Friends of mine had the Complicated Order and  California Turkey both were awesome. Great coffee. and extensive tea menu. Great food, super friendly and knowledgeable staff. Will be back!
5	Quick delivery, big portions, and absolutely delicious.  Just had the tree of life and cant wait to have it for lunch again tomorrow! :)
5	Great location in the container city. Great food, great staff. Was helpful in making decisions. A must for any vegan or healthy eater
5	This place is great and the staff Is so friendly.  They have a lot of healthy options and a vegan menu.
5	Another life saver on our road trip west. At 6 months pregnant, my body definitively rejects any variety of fast food (trust me I've tried...projectile vomiting in the Rockies? Not so fun). So have used Yelp to try to find healthy alternatives across the country. Found Bronze Cafe online and have it a try - awesome food, awesome service, lived up to the Yelp acclaims. I got the Green Goddess sandwich, and have to agree the fresh soft bread makes this sandwich. Delicious and love the salad with it with tangy lemony dressing. My husband got The Bizness David's Version and raved about it. It is possible to eat healthy and enjoy it if all the food tastes like this!Shout out to the super friendly staff who made us feel so welcome and we waited maybe five minutes for our food at 1:30 on a Thursday so waiting not an issue. Thank you Bronze for giving us a healthy alternative to Fast Food Nation!!
5	This cafe lives up to its hype.  Sandwiches and salads are amazing as are the green drinks and smoothies.  I recommend the Beet salad and the Good Earth pita.  Lots of vegan and vegetarian choices as well as hearty heathy breakfast items.  The modern bathroom is a trip.  Not for the homophobic.  Staff is friendly and entertaining.  A little pricey for a cafe.
5	Carnegie deli has nothing on them! And yes they have gluten-free bread for their amazing sandwiches, and they have amazing  salads that taste super fresh! Awesome coffee too!
5	Went to Bronze Cafe based on a yelp search for vegetarian food and the many raving reviews. And I have to say, my food was delicious. I ordered the Tree of Life pita and it was absolutely wonderful. I actually started with the mixed greens it is served with and I had to eat all of them first because they were soo good! The lemon vinaigrette is just wonderful. The wrap itself was so full of flavor and very satisfying. The crushed nuts were a great addition and added a nice texture. I really loved that it didn't fall apart all over the plate as well. I was also given a complimentary vegan (and i think gluten free) raspberry cheesecake due to a little incident of a decorative display falling on me (it didn't actually hit me). I don't usually go for vegan desserts (since I'm not vegan and prefer the real stuff if I am going to indulge), but it was pretty good. Wasn't much like a cheesecake but still tasty. And I certainly appreciated the gesture!!! The staff was very friendly and helpful, gave recommendations, offered samples, brought me my order, etc. I will definitely be going back for more.
5	Just came here! It's delicious! They have many gf vegan options and also non vegan items.I had the chicken salad sandwich with gf bread. It was delicious homemade bread! The side salad was also great with a tangy dressing! My bf had the complicated sandwich! It was huge with "more bacon than I've  ever seen in a sandwich"! Delicious! We also got a chai with almond milk! It was fantastic ! Carmen made it super frothy whichever it extra amazing!!!I also tried different flavors of the gf vegan cheesecake made in house. They were all delicious but my faves were: the vanilla! (Tastes kind of like a custard. Very good! ) the mango (!) and the chocolate which was made with raw organic chocolate and was with a mousse-like consistency.Finally I had to have a ginger snap- gf vegan. It was hard (for dipping into tea) but still pretty good.Overall this place is awesome! It's a small cafe but I wouldn't be surprised if they open in a space of their own soon! Also the service was spectacular! Thanks Carmen!!!
5	Awesome freshly made food and drink for the vegetarian and for the not.  Friendly counter-person who explained the details of the extensive menu and made recommendations.  We'll be back!
5	Girls day out...lets see! The results are in... Seriously good sandwiches! LGBTQ, Turkey avocado and the tree of life... We will be back! Here is my eight-year-old daughter's review in her own words: "The food was delicious!"
5	The Tree of Life is still my favorite for lunch.  Butternut squash vegan soup has the perfect blend of spices (I like to buy 3 or 4 and take home to freezer). Lunch crew is fast and always friendly - thank you Carmen, John, Gino and Peter!
5	My cousin took me here.. She is vegan and also is a big fan of bronze cafe. I got the "tree of life" sandwich and it was delicious!!! We also got the vegan strawberry shortcake and the strawberry cookies which both were to die for!!!! I'm now searching desperately for the recipes!!! Will definitely be back soon and I don't even live remotely close!!
5	Can't rave about this place enough. After moving from the bay, I was really missing the fresh delicious food that seemed to abound in Berkeley. And then I found the bronze cafe and I was on cloud 9. I could eat the bizness with it's many combos everyday and the sandwiches are all delicious.  Even with the slightly high prices, this place is 5 stars hands down.
5	Great service, fantastic/ unique food!! Best oatmeal ever, and the Bizness is delicious!!
3	I've been getting Bronze Cafe for a while now because they deliver and have excellent sandwiches. But lately they've been messing up on my orders. Today I ordered and PAYED for a large green tea smoothie. I, instead got a small, melted and unblended green tea drink. Hoping in the future this will no longer happen!
5	Went this morning had the best sandwich ever! The flavors were sensational then had a hot strawberry tart cookie that honestly was the best sweet I've ever eaten! Don't miss it lovely!!
2	Hmmm... I'm somewhat disappointed for my  lunch choice today. My coworker is a regular here, so I always see him eat something delicious and appealing when he gets it delivered. I wanted to try this place out for myself. I didn't want a sandwich, I was craving something lighter like soup and hummus, so that's exactly what I ordered... Chili: very bland, overpowered by large pinches of cumin. Very meaty, which was nice, but was disappointed that it didn't come with a side of cornbread or some sort of bread. Hummus: also pretty bland and comes with side of pita, which I used some for the chili. I wasn't super impressed, I would recommend maybe a variety of veggies to accompany it. Perhaps it was just a poor choice of food that I ordered, but then again, if this place is that good, anything ordered should be delicious. I'll definitely give this place another try, maybe this time a nice salad or a scrumptious sandwich... Even now as I'm multitasking by eating and texting this review, I can't seem to enjoy my order.  Sorry, but this chili sucks!!!
5	This cheerful cafe, located immediately inside The Center, was a delightful discovery for us on our most recent vacation.  We were given small samples of the day's tomato-vegetable soup at the counter where orders are placed.    My wife chose the Tree of Life pita, the most popular menu item that included roasted red peppers, avocado, mixed greens, tomato, house-made pickled onions, house-made vegan cashew "crema", brazil nut crumble, and mango cilantro ginger vinaigrette.   Not to be out done, I chose the LGBTQ - house-made bacon jam, maple-glazed bacon, mixed greens, tomato, cucumber, basil aioli, and lemon vinaigrette on a ciabatta.  OMG, these were 2 of the best sandwiches ever conceived.
4	Stopped by to grab a sandwich for lunch - this place is awesome.  Order the "WHAT WHAT" - mainly because when you do, they call out "Can I get WHAT WHAT?!" and it's hilarious.  Hilarity aside, the food was great.  We had a couple dips and sandwiches and everyone (even our Gluten intolerant friend) was highly impressed.  Their gluten free bread is WAY better than most places.  Stop by and grab a sammie, you won't be disappointed.
5	This is a couple days late. We went on Friday night. Small cafe in The Center. I didn't know about this place before. But there is a jewel inside if this building. We were cheerfully greeted by "Ye-shay"  (sorry don't know how to spell his name). This was our first time there. He described the items very well and even gave us some samples to try.  Food was very good. Fresh and tasty!  Loved the baked goods too!!! Cookie/brownie thing is a must have!!!  We received excellent customer service from this young gentleman!  Very nice to have him on the front line.  First impressions mean everything to a business.  My husband and I will definitely be back. We want to try everything!
5	Got the LGBTQ and was probably the best bacon sandwich I ever had. The ingredient were fresh and even the side salad with lite dressing was delicious. To end it, I got an ice coffee to go. Best ice coffee in town
5	The Tree of Life sandwich is amazing!  Not only is the food great but the staff is always friendly and knowledgeable.
5	My husband and I visit Bronze Cafe at least once a week.  My very favorite thing they have there is the LGBTQ Sandwich (house made bacon JAM!!!, maple-glazed bacon, mixed greens, tomato, cucumber, basil aioli, lemon vinaigrette, ciabatta).  My husband's favorite sandwich is the Green Goddess Chicken Salad Sandwich (house made chicken salad with diced apples, mixed greens, tomato, red onion, basil aioli, lemon vinaigrette, ciabatta).  Both are absolutely amazing!  Lately, we've both been getting the Bacon Chicken Chop Chop Salad (Gluten Free, Romaine lettuce, chicken, bacon, tomato, cucumber, house made buttermilk ranch dressing)!  It is also wonderful.  No matter what we have to eat, we always get a couple of Vegan Kale Apple Banana Blended smoothies (Gluten free, vegan. Kale, banana, apple, house made vanilla almond milk).  Perfect beverage/dessert to cap off our always perfect meals!
5	Wow, wow, wow! I am so impressed with Bronze Cafe. Little did you know, but a wonderful cafe is nestled in the LGBTQ Center of Las Vegas. It's Downtown, but even better - there is AMPLE PARKING. Please tell me where else you can go in the Downtown vicinity where you can park, for free, without issue to get lunch? This is going to become my go-to lunch spot, I guarantee it.First off, selections are vegan-friendly, veggie-friendly, and meat-person friendly, because they have chicken and BACON available. However, vegan options here are just as delicious as non-vegan items. On my first trip I had the WHAT WHAT sandwich - sliced roasted turkey, pepperoni (a surprisingly tasty addition!), mixed greens, tomatoes, red onion, basil aioli, and a lemon vinaigrette, all placed into a wonderfully soft ciabatta bread. Comes with a side of greens lightly doused in vinaigrette. This sandwich was so good, so so so good. Fresh, filling, and not overly indulgent. Second lunch break (the day after the first) I returned and decided to just go with a smoothie, so I picked the Vegan Raw Cacao Superfoods Blended - this comes with almond mylk, banana, avocado, dates, maca powder, and cacao powder. Now, I was comparing this to a smoothie I had recently at Greens & Proteins, however, there was definitely a subtle difference in this one, which I think was definitely coming from the dates - which is an amazing addition! I would have never thought to add dates to my own homemade smoothies. So, this is something I will have to try out myself!That is a great thing about Bronze Cafe - there are tastes and combinations you may not have thought of before. They also have soups, salads, and a coffee bar. I cannot wait to taste what I will try next.
5	Definitely some of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life. I always look up to gay people when it comes to things artistic. I'll definitely be adding food to that list. Get any sandwich with avocado in it, shit is on point. 5 Star Stunna!!!!!
5	I've been coming here now for a few months, and tend to order the same thing every time, the Bizness with chicken, curried quinoa and brussel sprouts. I'm a creature of habit, so when I find something I like, I order it until I get sick of eating it. The chicken tastes so good! Why doesn't my chicken taste like this! And that quinoa. I was ordering the coconut date shake until they changed their dates, it doesn't taste as good to me anymore. My favorite item on the menu isn't even food, it's their cold brew coffee. It's the best cold brew I've tried, with a little bit of soy milk, it's perfect. No need for sugar at all. There are so many other healthy menu items I need to try, as well as their desserts. Bonus, they deliver to my work, for only $3. I'm ecstatic that I can order something healthy when I don't make it to the grocery store!
5	I have stopped by the Bronze Cafe a couple times and I have always had an amazing experience. The Tree of Life pita was delicious and filling. This place is truly a gem in Las Vegas. The espresso drinks are delicious and the beet salad was great. Everything I've tried at this cafe has been delicious. The customer service is also incredible. Everyone is really nice and very helpful. I will definitely be back and I recommend it to everyone. Delicious and fresh.
5	Bronze Cafe is a hidden gem. The Bizness salad is totally the bizness. The "It's Complicated" sandwich gets me every time. The location (in The Center, an LGBTQ community center) is hidden away from the madness of Fremont street but still an easy walk, and very serene. Great food, great service, AND they deliver. What more could you ask for?
5	Love the Bizzness salad w Chicken, Avo, and Sweet Potato. Green goddess chicken salad also a favorite.
5	Really good, wholesome food options in a relaxed atmosphere. I dig Bronze Cafe. I've been here a handful of times and the service is always exceptional. My go-to is the Good Earth Pita. Hummus, mushrooms and eggplant just to name a few of the yummy ingredients stuffed into a perfectly prepared pita flatbread sandwich. It is so good, I want one right now. The Tree of life and Guac & Mole are good options too but the spicy sunflower seeds really make the Good Earth "pop."Salads are bomb too. The beet salad with goat cheese is a beet lovers dream come true. I don't do a lot of dairy but this is one salad that I splurge on. The goat cheese is the perfect complement with the greens and walnuts. I seriously need to get down there asap. Typing this review left me with a huge craving.
5	The best lunch and YELP reviews did not disappoint! Why a gem of a place - their secret ingredient the lemon vinaigrette is to die for! I had the Good Earth Pita and it was perfection. My non vegan meat lover husband had the Complicated and was in heaven. My girlfriend has the CA Turkey and was pleasantly surprised and she lives here. She would've never known or come to the Bronze Cafe. The location is conspicuous which I love about it. Staff is so friendly and will answer any question you have including about the location .  It is the best kept secret place here in Vegas! You will love it especially Vegans and Vegetarians and non vegans and non vegetarians - delicious enough to perhaps convince you to become vegetarian or vegan.  Try the fresh fruit waters - very good! The ice coffee very special!!
5	Amazing, amazing and amazing!!! the tree of life is DELICIOUS. Planning to go back and check out the rest of the menu. The service was great and the atmosphere chill. A bit tricky to find but more than worth it when I did.
5	BEST PLACE TO EAT DOWNTOWN.I'm not a even a salad person but their Bizness salad is probably my FAVORITE food ever when I want something fresh. The Bizness is kale massaged with their yummy vinagarette, and you choose 3 toppings. I always get spiced chickpeas, brussel sprouts and chicken. I thought the chicken would taste processed at first like other places but it's actually the opposite. Everything here is very fresh, and worth the price. All of their drinks (especially their fruit smoothies and matcha blended) and dessert are amazing as well. I yet have to try their Tree of Life pita or The Complicated Order sandwich people always talk about on here but I always crave the Bizness salad whenever I drive down here so I don't know if ever will :'( !They give a 10% or 15% off discount if you go to UNLV or any other school here which is nice for us students. Driving downtown or on Maryland can be a pain sometimes but I like how they have a lot of spacious parking and also don't have to pay for a spot either. It's located in The Center, which also has the BEST restrooms. Check that out and this cafe. :)
5	Never disappoints!  Friendly staff, delicious food!  Love it!  Love it!!
5	I had a boxed lunch there yesterday (guac & mole sandwich with small side salad) and a side dish that I don't recognize on the menu that is posted on grubhub.  I think it had kale, chickpeas, toasted almonds, some granola, I think, and a delicious dressing, maybe more ingredients.  It was really tasty.  There was nothing special about the hummus or pita chips other than I think they made the pita chips themselves, but the flavors in the sandwich and side salad were wonderful.I'll qualify my review by saying I don't eat lunch out much, so there might be other excellent places out there, but my boxed lunch yesterday was the best I have had in Vegas and very comparable to the delicious boxed lunches I used to get occasionally at meetings in Denver that were catered by Udi's, for anyone who is familiar with them.
1	I'd love to write a review about how awesome their food is, but I never got to try it. I ordered food online from them at 3:30. Checked in with the restaurant at 4:40, said the food was on it's way. Called back at 5:05, driver just left. Called at 5:45, they lost the order, had to make a new one and didn't have half the salads available anymore that we placed. They offered us a measly $8 off our bill. I cancelled the order. I'm sure the food is good but I don't suggest ordering online from them.
5	Bronze Cafe has an amazing and flawless menu.  And I can say this because I've tried most everything they offer.  To say that every detail of their menu has been carefully thought through and scrutinized is an understatement...no stone is left un-turned in crafting robust and refreshing flavor combinations.Let's begin with my favorite sandwich on the menu - the Tree of Life Pita.  SO GOOD.  And all veg.  I'm a hardcore carnivore and I will still choose this every time I go.  But if you're really craving meat, you can't go wrong with the LGBTQ (a genius spin on the BLT...with lemon vinaigrette, greens and q-cumber thrown in for good measure) - everything blends together so well.  Also outstanding are the California Turkey, the What What (tastes like pizza!), and the Green Goddess Chicken Salad Sandwich...I wish I had enough stomach space to order seconds on all these.  Truly amazing sandwiches across the board.Now on to some additional and notable highlights.David's Special is probably the best salad I've ever had.  Very hearty without being too heavy and a mixture of flavors that compliment each other perfectly - kale, beets, quinoa, spiced chickpeas, avocado and hemp seeds...and with their signature lemon vinaigrette that binds it all together.  I never thought I could love a salad so much.If you're there for breakfast, get the Swedish Oatmeal.  This is not your standard oatmeal...it's SO GOOD.  A perfect balance of spices and sweetness.  I also recommend getting this for not-breakfast.  Just eat it all the time.  And their smoothies...drool.  The pumpkin smoothie (not sure if this is a seasonal offering) puts certain commercial coffee chains to shame.  Just hook it to my veins.And the desserts are also amazing...so if you still have room at the end of your meal, I recommend the peanut butter snickerdoodle, the chocolate zucchini cake, or a slice of their vegan cheesecake.  Don't let the "vegan" description scare you.  It will knock your socks off.To summarize, all the food is stellar.  Order anything and walk away happy.  But the biggest compliment I have for this place is the refreshing friendliness and helpfulness of the entire staff.  Chefs & owners Peter & Dave treat each guest like a friend and the staff couldn't be more pleasant and eager to help freshly make and serve your food with a smile.  Special shout-out to Carmen who served up the food in the most cheerful manner I've ever seen.  Bronze Cafe is a home away from home.  Go.  Go now.
5	I'm sososo sad I live so far from this place, their food is so great i'm still grieving over the fact i can only eat here when I go to vegas its just that damn good! I came here not once but three times during my week in vegas and the food, the service and the facility itself was AMAZING each time. Its located within the LGBTQ center in downtown vegas and the center itself is really impressive, it's a huge resource center for the community providing a safe space to hang out, access books, computers and a gender neutral bathroom. THE FOOD THOUGH. I got to try the tree of life pita and the bizness with the seitan, curried quinoa and brussel sprouts. And both are huge AND SO GOOD! Like you will be ridiculously full and satisfied. This was not sad/bland vegan food: everything was super fresh and well prepared with generous servings and bursting with tons of flavor. My boyfriend who is a meat lovin' meativore actually ordered the tree of life the second time we came in because it was that tasty! He did also love the The Complicated Order with all of its bacon jam glory though! Other must-gets are their smoothies like the vegan real results fitness blended. Their iced coffee is not to be missed! They slow drip that stuff for over 10 hours and its one of the most smoothest tasting iced coffees ive had. No acidity or bitterness whatsoever, i dont ever usually get coffee without adding soy milk or something but i drank this straight AND IT WAS AMAZING.On top of their amazing food, the service is wonderful. Every person working there that i spoke to were super friendly, prompt and helpful. They even brought my food out to me every time and had everything neatly and perfectly packed. Basically if you want seriously good both vegan and non vegan food that wont make you feel like crap and wish to have amazing service THEN GO HERE. I would trade all of the pretentious and overpriced vegan cafes in LA for a single Bronze Cafe.
