4	One of the many affordable restaurants in the M Resort. Great food at great prices. You might think it's a quick deli kind of place but you definitely get restaurant style quality and service. Simple game foods like burgers, hot dogs, fries, and pastas but wonderfully prepared. Onion rings are yum! great place!
3	We had  pound hot dogs that were pretty good, but I would avoid the  the prepared food in the deli case which looked pretty nasty.
3	Vig Deli is (thanks to the change in operating hours of The Red Cup Cafe) the only place to get food 24 hours a day at The M Resort.The menu features a wide array of different Burgers, sandwiches, salads and so on. Serving sizes are large and well presented and the prices are affordable.Unfortunately this is very much "fast food" - the stuff looks MUCH better than it tastes and the eating area is rather small and soul-less like a food court.  If you are at M late at night and find yourself the victim of a snack attack - this will do just fine. Otherwise it's not something to go out of your way for.
3	The night before last I had a chance to revisit the Vig Deli inside the M resort.  I've previously eaten here and found the deli to be exactly as described; a deli.  Now, this would be fine if it were located in an older, more run-down resort, however, this is the M.  I expected a little more the first time I ate and the same after this past experience.  Basically, my major reservations about the Vig are:1. No waiters - From an employment standpoint I feel this to be a way to tighten up the cost of labor.  If you want a counter order deli, put in a Capriottis.2. There is no comparison between the Vig & Carnegie in Mirage.  The food, service, and portions are all justified in the price.  This brings on #33.  For the price, the M resort can do so much better; and does.  Almost every restaurant in the M, including the The Red Cafe is a better overall choice IMHO.  Finally, I would like to summarize my review by saying that although, the Vig is a small blemish to the M resort on most key points.  The food is flavorful and quick.  If your at the sports book or playing around the resort and need a quick bite, you can do worse in the city.
3	For some reason, I have a habit of eating super late when most of the restaurants have closed. Oh well, lucky for me Vig Deli was open. I didn't feel like I was at a casino when i got my snack on with a grilled 3 cheese sandy...woohooo!  i mean really, grilled cheese may not cut  it for some, but it can be ALL that with a bag of chips and a pickle on the side.  It was a decent sandy with a slight crunch and soft follow through...mmmelty!  This may not be the greatest place, but it'll do.
4	ill make this quick. my party and i didnt arrive at the m for our stay until 1am so this place i believe was the only place open in the hotel.typical deli fare, sandwiches, salad and soups. i ordered a chicken ceasar salad which i thought was delish but my aunt ordered the tuna melt and didnt like it.  the man behind the counter was very friendly and helpful and for me hey it beat room service. a chicken caesar salad at the M room service was 16.95, here it was only 8.95 so that worked for me
5	Sampled this place while at the M Resort since me and my bud was hungry.  The place is just a regular deli but since we don't have much deli joints back home we decided to grab sandwiches.  Got the pastrami reuben sandwich that was recommended by the cashier and I don't know if it was because we were hungry or what but the sandwiches tasted good.  Nice sized portions of meat with no fat inside.  The bread was kinda cool too.  It seems that the bread is like a rye bread with a swirl of dark rye in the middle.  Expect to pay about 10 bux but definitely worth it for the quality of sandwich you are getting.  The workers are fast, and even though it's a walk up counter, they got workers that clear the tables and trash fast.
4	This place is AWESOME! My friend and I came here after happy hour at the Hostile Grape (Which is also GREAT BTW)! It's def. got the homemade Deli feel, but with a modern ambiance (being that it is in the M Resort). The tuna melt and the reuben (that I ordered) was DELICIOUS.  Perfect meat to bread ratio and a pickle on the side to compliment the meal. The bread was not overly fried up, so my hands didnt feel greasy after handling it. GREAT GREAT DELI! I wish they had more Vig Deli places in the valley.
5	We dropped by the M resort out of curiousity (since we've never been) and to grab a quick bite to eat on the way back home to la.  At first we lined up for buffet only to figure out that if we ate buffet, we'd spend around 2 hours, which would effectively put us in the main flow of traffic down back to la so we decided to try this place. wow, the servings here are huge!  we got the club sandwich, tuna sandwich, the philly cheesesteak, fries and onion rings.  i was honestly stuffed from only half of the philly cheesesteak and the others i was with couldn't even look at the second half of their sandwiches. the onion rings were huge and the serving size for the fries was enough for 4 people.  the bus people were definitely on point with cleaning tables, and often would come around asking/helping many of the customers find seats.you need to try this place out, they do not disappoint with the sandwiches.
5	Had the triple decker sandwich. Turkey with pastrami and provolone. Three stunningly beautiful slices of bread. Nom yummy I say. Huge portion with tons of flavor but not so ovwrwhelmimg that you have to wash it down with gallons of water.Would not mind making that extra stop to visit this joint prior to entering the strip.  It is located within the "M" casino.
5	This is the second time I've been to Vig Deli. The first time I was there I wasn't hungry and was just sitting and chatting with friends, but after seeing the food that came out, I made the point that I will be back to taste the food out myself.So this place is a high-end deli joint located in the M Casino.  (for those who don't know, M casino is a fairly new establishment in Henderson area where the first thing you see coming across the mountains from LA would be the M casino)Checked out the menu and decided on the philly cheesesteak sandwich.  For $9.99, the portion was humongous!  Aside from the bread being super soft and delicious, they don't skimp on the toppings either!  Loaded with thinly sliced steaks smothered with I believe it's provolone cheese (it didn't taste like Mozzerella) and beautified with various red and green bell peppers with onions, this sandwich is a piece of art!One bite into the sandwich I couldn't stop myself from digging further.  (despite my continued effort in cutting carbs down and out of my diet, I have to have this sandwich whole and quick!)  Overall the sandwich was tasty, soft, delicious, yet not salty at all!  Very proud of Vig Deli for creating this masterpiece...My buddy got the triple decker with swirly bread!  The sandwich is actually bigger than those busses if there are any triple deckers out there.....OMG!  I'm so proud of him for finishing that up but I'm sure he was dying afterwards.... and he said it was absolutely wonderful!  The other two buddies got the pastrami sandwich and a bbq pull pork.... pastrami is pretty good and not salty and the pull pork is actually better than most of the bbq joints out there!  (Shame on your other "real" bbq joints out there for not being able to keep up with a deli joint!)  Love me some onion rings as they looked so big and delicious, but needed to pass on this before I pass out!One very small gripe though... I was looking forward to chicken livers as they had it on the menu last time I was here few months ago but they decided to take it out..... pretty sad as I was really looking forward to trying it.........Definitely a place worth visit when you come to vegas.  Better yet, before those of you who drives from CA to NV and is heading back home, you might as well stop by the Vig Deli and pick up some of these artistic creations on your way back!  I guarantee that you will have a great ride home instead of trying to hit up In N Out or McDonalds for that matter!  Just make sure you stay awake after ingesting these awesome sandwiches!
4	My wife and I have an agreement... During college football season, Saturday is reserved for "Joseph" Day.  I usually get to the M resort and casino at 8:30am and stay until about 10pm to 11pm. (yes, about 13-14 hours)!  Usually the games are done by then.  Yes, i wish there were couches there with a "blanky".  At the M's sportsbook, I have complimentary beer when I bet (usually order the Belgian Beers) and can watch over 30 something games.  In addition, I can manage my bets.  I love the M... they have odds for most of the casinos in vegas... What else can a guy ask for?Anyways, when I am hungry, I usually swing over to the Vig Deli - few steps away from the Sportsbook.It is a cozy.  Lines are a bit long during lunch time (as expected).  But, it is only a 5 minute or so wait.Service - excellent.  The cashier is very sweet and the orders are takened and served pretty quick --  2-5 minute wait for the food.  Meal -- well, it is pretty good.  So far, I would highly recommend:a.  Egg, Ham, and Cheese.  Usually, they serve it on a bagel, but I prefer to have it on a French Bread.  It is not your McDonald's type of breakfast sandwich.  It is fresh and VERY Very good.  It cost about 5.99 or so.b.  Footlong Chili dog with cheese - the dog is a bit salty; however, you kinda forget about it because the chili and cheese makes this a good buy.  Again, it is under $6.  They also serve Philly Cheese Steaks and Burgers... will try that out another time.Overall, this place is a great sports book deli (much better than SouthPoint -- kinda over priced over there and quality and is worst).  For the price and quality, I would highly recommend this place.Cheers!
4	Before heading back to the strip from an all night gambling streak here at The M, we stopped to grab a snack at  Vig Deli.  I wanted something small and simple, so I opted for a 1/4pd hot dog.  Have I forgotten how big a 1/4 pd really is? If I was supposed to order by the numbers, well I already screwed up by saying "1 hot dog, please."  At any rate, it was tasty and at least know that the hot dog is safe there.  My friend had a basket of fries and I even split the hot dog with her.  I think chili would have been perfect with those fries and the hot dog as well.  I think we tend to get delirious about snacking when you've been gambling all night and hit a deli at 3am.Where have the soda machines gone?
1	I had two diametrically opposed experiences at this "deli." My first visit was pleasant enough as I had good, homemade latkes and a Chicago hot dog! I'm telling you the latkes were really good (perfectly spiced, moist and crispy), and my Chicago dog was prepared just right with just enough char!On the second visit the the latkes were nauseatingly bad. They were the worst latkes I've ever had! Terrible flavor and preparation. Did a two-year-old make this? Were these made of rotten potatoes and onions mixed with garbage? Feh!!!!I also ordered the pastrami! This pastrami was obviously low-grade store-bought value-brand drek. Did this even come from a brisket, let alone a cow? It was possibly the worst pastrami I've ever had. It tasted like a cheap hot dog, and that, my friend, is not how the sexiest of the cured meats is supposed to taste! I would not chance eating their pastrami again!
2	First off I would like to say I just got off work and joined my friends at the M to watch the NCAA games got a beer and was starving. Everyone around us had food and it looked and smelled great. I don't know if it was because i was hungry or what..I could not find the server in the bar that took the food orders so i went straight up to the deli. My boyfriend wanted the meatball sub and I was going to get the chicken pita. I ordered the food and asked what was on both of the sandwiches since the menu didn't describe anything at all. The guy who took my order couldn't even tell me what was in the pita or what cheese came on the sub. I told him I was sitting in the bar watching the games and was wondering if there are any specials???? I got the duh uhhh face look and didnt even answer me. I was like never mind just the sub and pita, figured for 10$-11$ a sandwich it would come with idk chips or FF!!!!!  I got the food went back to the bar to eat.1. I Have to say the meatball sub was really good. The meatball were full of flavor and a good size. BF enjoyed!!! But no side.2. My pita had very little chicken and over whelmed with onion.!!. There was no sauce or anything just chicken,chesse and a pound of onions. WAS NOT IMPRESSED OR HAPPY SINCE I WAS STARVING.later on i finally saw the server and she was like oh just to let you know if your still hungry we are doing a LG pizza and a Pitcher of beer for 17$ OH now you tell me the specials after i already had a bad experience and was over it now. I know I will be going back to the M to watch the game but thats most likley the last time im going to order from there.
4	damn great food.everything that i had on the menu so far was delicious.,cooked perfectly.even the chicken soup and chili rocks.the best is the philly steak,burgers,onion rings....as of 4/23/11 I had a change of hear solely due to their french dip....it was below sub par as it was tasteless and bland,,only when i brought it home and had to add REAL spices and such to it that it actually kind of somewhat tasted ok,,and that was only beacause i added the needed and necessary spices to the sandwhich....oregano,pepper,onions,etc,,,and i do have to question their service lately...its gone from bad to worse..takes almost an hour just to get something other than soup and even that is questionable now...other than that....the food that i DID try was great,,,just be prepared to add your own spices to it..seriously.
5	My BFF and family had visited our fab city of Las Vegas and we just had to sneak in one last visit and lunch. The M Resort is always our perfect choice as it gives fantastic access to the 15 and quick for us to get to from home.  We had not tried The Vig Deli yet, and we both have children under 7 and thought the ease and comfort of a casual setting was the perfect choice for us.The employees were nice and helpful beyond the call of duty.  We had ordered quite a few different things so we could all share but I was worried about carrying it all to the table. Michael, the cashier assured me he would help. After about 10 minutes our food was ready and myself and BFF started to carry it to the table when he ran over and said "Let me help!" without us even asking! He took the trays out of our hands and brought them to the hubs and kids.The food was fresh and delicious! We had a chicken caesar salad, cheeseburger and FF, soup, and sandwich and more. Of course, I LOVE the refillable soda machine as I am a lover of Diet Coke. We even had a "party foul" when my son spilled some of his soup. The attendant ran over and helped and was so sweet about it and wouldn't accept a small tip we offered! Really?! Once again, The M has done a fabulous job of choosing employees and offering delicious and comfortable dining!
1	Gross brisket. It was more fat and jelly like. The bbq sauce used was gross. The turkey burger was nasty too
4	I always have the footlong here...while my hubby likes their salad.  It's very convenient to eat here while on a break from playing poker at M's poker room.
4	The only place in the M Resort on Father's Day that had a reasonable wait time.Grilled Chicken Caesar Wrap was one of the specials of the day.  For $10 you'd think it would be a little more fancy than a normal salad in a wrap.  Or at least come with a side.  That being said, I love normal Caesar salad so it was very tasty to me.  Also ordered a side of fries that was ginormous, so that deal balanced the whole thing out.
4	Really, don't listen to all these complainers with the 1-star reviews. Came to The M last night to get some drinks and hang out. Went to the Lobby Bar (will have to review that seperately) for a few drinks and afterwards me and the girlfriend were pretty hungry. We just wanted something quick and easy. Saw the word "Deli" and thought thats exactly the kind of "quick and easy" we were looking for...We ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich along with an order of chili cheese fries all to share. First off, the portions are HUGE, 3 people could have easily shared. The BBQ pulled pork sandwich was boommb. I dont know if it was the alcohol beforehand or what, but it hit the spot and then some! The chili cheese fries were not too bad either! BBQ pulled pork - $5.99Side of fries - $2.99 (add $1 for chili AND cheese!)Amazing deal for some pretty damn good food! Will definitely be back to both the Lobby Bar and Vig Deli!
5	The N.Y. Steak Pita is the way to go. Can't go wrong. The Vig Deli is the place to go!
4	Lots of items to choose from. Friendly service. Tasty treats, too. Cannoli's; really? Yes, that's right! Almost always open.
1	Worst pizza ever. So greasy and I'm pretty sure the cheese is gov't processed. I've had better pizza from Little Caesers.
4	Walked around and around trying to find a decent priced meal and I found this Deli.  Hey, after being in Vegas for a few days and spending your money on cabs your shouldn't had and still want to gamble, this is the place to be.Once again, on this trip I had the philly cheese steak.  I guess I didn't have enough from my trip at Mandalay.  This sammich is DELISH!  Over flowing of meat, has enough caramelized green peppers and onions and enough cheese.  Now that's how you make it!  I was amazed for a lil person like me, I inhaled it and was definitely satisfied.
4	For simple food, this place is great!!! Chicago dog for 3 dollars!! Giant burgers for 7.  And cheap booze for five!!! All this without leaving the comforts of my hotel room.  And the best part to this place is the eye candy.  A guy can go blind looking at all the head lights blaring at cha!!!
4	Gotta love the Vig Deli because it's a great alternative to The Studio B Buffet when the line and wait are so long at that establishment that anything starts sounding good.  Fortunately, Vig Deli is a pretty good place to satisfy an appetite.  Forget about Hash House A-Go-Go...the food there is pretentious and the flavors are lacking.  If Studio B is bustling then the best alternative has got to be Vig Deli unless you have a nice suit on and have an incredibly beautiful date with you, then I'd go to one of The M Resort's fancier eating establishments.Just a note:  the chili is crazy good at the Vig Deli.
3	The Vig Deli is in the M Resort adjacent to the sports book. It is a typical deli offering dogs, burgers, pizza, sandwiches and everything to go along with them. You go to the counter and order by the number associated with your item. When your food is ready they call your number.My wife and I each got the Nathans hot dog. We shared an order of fries and onion rings. If you are going to share you should just get one order. Each order is huge. The hot dog is very good and I do recommend it.Everything else on the menu looked very good. But I cannot give an honest opinion on their taste. The only service you get is the clean up of the empty tables. The lady was very nice and helped us get a clean table.
3	We never leave a late night at M without aquick bite from Vig Deli.  It might be a tad pricier than your average deli, but their portions are huge (easy to share 1 sandwich between two people)!  Vig's is your typical deli with sandwiches, wraps, burgers, hot dogs, soups.  My favs are the Philly Cheese and pastrami sandwiches.  Love the chicken noodle soup there...love!  Their hot dogs (Nathan's) are on point too.  One time I got the French Dip (favorite sandwich of all time), and I have to admit that it wasn't the best and kind of bland.  I ended up sticking an onion ring in the sandwich to make it good.  Other than that though, food has been pretty great!Do share the side orders of fries and onion rings - the portions are pretty big.Pretty much a serve your self type of place.  Nothing too fancy - but a really nice late night eat spot in my opinion!After playing at the tables for a while, don't forget to ask the pit boss for some comps.. they are super generous at M!
4	The Vig Deli has incredible sandwiches.  We are especially addicted to the Philly Cheesesteak.  It is always loaded with mushrooms, onions, peppers and cheese.  The bun is perfectly toasted.  The Reuben is good as well, with lean beef.  Fries are hot, and have a good potato flavor.
4	Pretty darn good deli sandwiches - had the Reuben - lots and lots of meat between 2 pieces of soft rye bread - condiments on the table like hot mustard - slap it on the sandwich and wolf it down!!  Really, really good Reuben!Also, had a taste of their Chicken Noodle Soup - a big heaping bowl plate of their Chicken Noodle soup - loads of chicken pieces and noodles in a nice clear chicken broth - good for days when you don't feel like eating a whole lot.  How to order - order at the cashier, pay for it and then wait for your no. to be called to pick up your food - just like in the New York Delis.  Noisy atmosphere in the corner of M Resort.
5	Some of the best deli food ever.  A lot of good stuff on the menu.  HUGE portions.
1	On a mission to find a late night meal with my cousin we came across the Vig Deli. Got the BBQ beef brisket and the steak pita wrap which we both decided to share(total of about $20). First had my half of the $10 tasteless wrap which I tried to help with Tabasco and ketchup. It sucked. Moved onto the beef brisket.. again it sucked! The globs of cold BBQ sauce tasted horrible and looked like it had been sitting for a while. With pure anguish I than like a madwoman dashed on some Tabasco and smeared on relish. Attempts were futile as we finally sat silently staring at the unfinished food deciding the best part of this meal was the cup of coca cola. Save your money and the space in your bellies I beg of you!
5	When I first tasted this place it was pretty awful; however, after coming back again this place has gotten better! The variety of choice that they have is great and the size of the food is worth the price. I usually order the spaghetti & meatballs.  Thought its not something out of a five-star italian restaurant it is certainly better than the one a any Olive Garden restaurant. Past orders (out of 5 stars) Casear Salad: 3.8Fish & Chips: 4.2Patty Melt: 4.0Fries: 4.5Cheese Steak:3.8 (I think I prefer Capriottis Cheese steak over Vig deli)Tuna Sandwich: 3.0Chicago Hot Dog: 3.0Service:  The cashier I usually encounter are always very pleasant and they usually have a great attitude.
5	The M resort tends to be a isolated island in more ways than one when you stay there. First of all, I absolutly love the place and it's high class. top shelf all the way, but it is... ON ITS OWN.That being said, when you have had a drunken binge on the strip and it comes time to call the resort shuttle, while waiting 15-25 minutes for the shuttle to arrive and then venturing home on the seemingly endless 15-25 minute ride whilist being borderline puke drunk from the strip, it dawns on you that the "quiet off strip" location is not that appealing anymore.So, what better way to cure your drunk munchies by eating a big ol' greasy deli-style sandwich at the Vig.I ate late night munchies at the vig all three nights I stayed at the M, and all I can remember is that I ordered a Reuben one of the nights, Can't remember any of the other sandwiches I ordered haha!-Ken Bernanke
2	Had a little time to kill before playing poker, so I thought I would grab a quick sandwich.It was Sunday  about 11:00 so the deli was steady but definitely not busy. I opted to order the Hot Corned Beef for about $12. After about 15 minutes I beginning to think this is taking to long. I realize that they are also taking orders for the bar, but Damn! Well, it takes another 20 minutes for my order to come up. OK, order in hand I am ready for my big juicy sandwich, right?. Wrong. What I get is two thick slices of very dry Marbled Rye, 1/2 teaspoon of whole grain mustard, rubbery corned beef and soft (not melted) Swiss cheese.What a drag.
4	Vig Deli has a great menu and consistently good food served in large portions. A few of my favorites are the Reuben, Tuna Salad, Nathan's Chicago Dog and the Steak Pita Wrap. My big problem is the lack of a list of ingredients on the menu, as a salad I ordered a while ago did not come with the ingredients that are standard on that salad. The Deli was nice enough to replace it though. Overall, a solid food outlet within the M.
3	This place is a great alternative if you're super hungry and not willing to take on the lines at M Buffet or Hash House (two great places to eat, by the way), OR you have a huge craving for deli food. I've been here a couple of times, and the last time I came here we picked up food for the road trip back to Cali. The service is alright, the workers helpful and pretty friendly. The price of the food I think is a little bit on the pricey side for some of its deli items. My boyfriend ordered the Tuna Melt, which was delicious and I ordered the Pastrami sandwich and asked to add an over easy egg. The cashier said it was the first time anyone's ever asked for that, but she was happy to add it to my order. Both orders came with pickles (which I LOVE), but the only thing missing from the entire meal was sides. I wish their sandwiches came with at least fries. Note: if you do decide to get a sandwich to go with an egg order it at least over hard. It can get pretty messy on a road trip. Overall, this is still a great place for a pretty great tasting sandwich, but honestly I would probably get Hash House to go instead.
4	If you have no patience and would like to avoid the lines and crowd at the M, then this is the place to grub!Vig deli is located who knows where in some corner at the M.I love this place because it is quick and easy, but yet their food is very delish, and does not have the same quality as a fast food.They have many varieties from salads to lox bagels, to fish and chips to burgers.Whenever I am not in the mood to to line up i usually come here.This place is usually empty, great service, and the food is prepared upon order.
4	How do I live so close to the M and not come here more often?!A girlfriend and I stopped since we needed dinner and a study break.  The place is literally on the casino floor with no barriers between you and the slot machines.  The sports bar is also nearby so you can hear lots of cheering (or booing, depending on the game and people) if there's an exciting game on.My girlfriend ordered the chicken tenders and fries.  I got the beef brisket sandwich ($8.99?), fountain drink (makes me wish the M still offered free soda), and fruit tart ($4.99, say what?!).  My bill was $16 and some change.Note, napkins are only available at the counter where you pick up your food, although plastic ware and stuff is located near the self-serve stuff.Our food came out pretty quickly, just enough time for the two of us to devour the delicious and beautiful fruit tart.  My sandwich was huge, I could only eat 1/2 of it.  The beef was moist and tender and covered in just enough BBQ sauce.  This wouldn't be a good togo or take home dish though because the moisture from the meat and sauce soak the bun.  It was good, not great, but good.The fries were hot and good.  I liked that they weren't overly salty so you can still salt them to taste.  My girlfriend's chicken tenders were ahhhmazing.  We couldn't finish all 5 of those huge suckers.  They were so moist and had a perfect amount of breading on them.  Next time my girlfriend and I go back, I think we'll just get one order of fries and tenders to split between the two of us!  And I won't order a fountain drink.  Just not worth the extra couple bucks.  But I'll definitely be back.
4	I will come back definitely to try other food in the menu if i'll be around the area. Met up a few friends but no time to wait in a restaurant or buffet and it was the best option.The tuna was really good and the burger was juicy. i tried the beef chili and did not expect to have a big bowl:-)
4	Maybe I'm rating this place a little higher than it deserves but that has to be in part because I have never once paid to eat here. They send me free coupons, I go to eat. The food is fine, nothing too special. I usually get a steak and cheese and chicken noodle soup. Both are very generous portions, especially the soup. It's a slight cut above your average casino snack bar food. Adjacent to the sports book so you can watch the game while you eat.  I've always had very friendly service and I love that the self-serve soda machine has Coke Zero.
4	My mom and I eat at the deli quite often since we don't always want the buffet and there is no real coffee shop at M Resort. (Hash Hash a Go Go is just too much food and not enough options.)  I have tried a variety of things at the deli and always had good meals.  This last time I had the turkey melt sandwich.  It was deli turkey with melted cheese on nicely toasted bread.  It was basic which is what I was looking for on this last visit.  My mom had the pastrami sandwich.  They give you lots of meat on your sandwiches which is nice.  Sandwiches come with yummy dill pickles which I love.  We also had their fries which are really delicious.  Nice and crisp on the outside, soft on the inside.  Food is a bit pricey but you are in a hotel/casino so what can you expect.  You can use your casino club points to pay for the food which is great.  If you are looking for a good deli sandwich, this is the place to go.
4	My mom and I hit up the Vig Deli for lunch again on our most recent visit to M Resort.  I had the chicken salad sandwich and my mom had the 1/4 lb hot dog, plus an order of fries.  Their fries are really good.  The chicken salad sandwich was good.  It had celery in it which is not my favorite but it did not really detract from the taste.  My mom liked her hot dog - nicely grilled, each the bun was grilled.  Nice touch.  We definitely will be back since we don't like Hash Hash a Go Go and don't want the buffet every time we go to M Resort.  The menu is quite extensive and they make it fast.
2	I want to like this place - I love the other restaurants at The M, but I cannot.   Food is so-so, high end bar food.  That's not the problem.  It's the service.    I wind up here when the other M restaurants are crowded and I keep hoping it will be different but it's always lousy.   Generally they take forever to serve and about half the time they screw up the order.  Of course when this happens the server is nowhere to be seen.   I'm guessing this is where they put the rookies and anyone that shines gets sent to one of the other restaurants.  That's just a theory.  Nevertheless, it's routinely awful.   (Last time they comped me it was so bad) You can do better elsewhere.
4	I really like the Vig Deli.  They have a great selection of food.  Be prepared the serving sizes are a bit on the large size come with an appetite. They have salads, cold sandwiches, hot sandwiches and amazing pizza. The most expensive thing on the menu is 10.99 so you won't break the bank. My favorite is the French Dip. The sandwich is packed with meat, this is not for someone on a diet.  My hubs gets the pizza quite a bit and says it is AWESOME!We pretty much have tried everything on the menu and haven't been disappointed.
4	We were actually going to try the buffet since it was voted the #1 buffet in Vegas, but the line was too long and we were hungry.  Well look over there!  A deli with a very little line.   DONE!Overall, an excellent deli.  Portions were good size, meat and bread were good, veggies were fresh, and you could tell they were working hard behind the counter.  As most Vegas casino food, it's a little pricey, but I prefer this deli compared to Subway.  Next time we're at the M Resort, we might just skip the buffet again and go here.
4	I was surprised at the quality of food.  I went here with my parents and we ordered the Rueben Sandwich, a Cesaer Salad, and a bowl of chicken noodle soup.  ALL were delicious.  Next time I want to try the spaghetti and meatballs....that looked good also.
3	This place is your saving grace from the outrageous Buffet prices! It isn't cheap but it isn't over the top expensive either. It has soup and pizza and fried stuff, you know the usual deli type fare. The seating is ok, typical small tables with small hard chairs. Service is fairly quick, sometimes there is a line. They have a lot of condiments you can put on yourself etc. It's conveniently located on one corner, technically you can probably call something in or get something quick at that entrance if preferred. Nothing bad to say here, it's clean. Might not be the best in town ( Which I have yet to find deli wise) but its a great alternative to the pricey sit down joints in this location. Worth a try.
4	We were headed to Hash House A Go Go only to find out they closed that location so we ate here instead. The food was delicious but way too overpriced for a deli sandwich. I got the Italian sub that had quite a bit of meat. My son got a slice of pizza that was probably the best priced thing on the menu. The slice was huge and only 5.99. Despite the food being delicious I  would probably only eat here again if it was the only thing open.
2	Really disappointed with the Roast Beef panini daily special. I got home and it's a mess of a sandwich. Dry meat, soggy bread and where's the horseradish sauce???? Even the pickle was sad.I had this here before and it was fine. What happened?Sorry to say, I may have to boycott the Vig Deli. Not the first time I've had a bad experience. Gonna be asking for a refund.Meh.
3	We came here when my friends got the drunchies. For a deli inside a casino, it's really not that bad.My friend ordered the reuben, which was honestly really good. The salty pastrami on a toasted bread, topped with sauerkraut that was actually sour, and not sweet. It was a bit too greasy for me, and I kind of felt the grease sitting in my stomach afterwards, BUT for the moment that I bit into it and ate the bite of sandwich, it was really good.My boyfriend ordered the pastrami sandwich, which was okay. The bread wasn't toasted, so that already downgrades the sandwich. Withy a bit of mustard though, it's quite good. The pickle on the side was sour and delicious, giving it a refreshing kick.We also ordered the fries topped with Texas beef chili and cheese. The chili wasn't terrible, but it definitely wasn't the best. It was more of a soup-y chili consistency, and therefore was more liquidy than appropriate with the french fries. The fries themselves weren't too bad, but unfortunately it soaked up the liquidy chili and got soggy. Another downside of the chili was that it was served on a basket covered with paper. Result: forks stab the bottom of the basket, creating holes, and therefore causing the chili to seep out the bottom. Poorly thought out, that's for sure.Great drunk food, but probably not so great food for when you're sober.
4	I have been here several times now and always seem to have a good meal.  I decided to be a little healthier this time and had a Greek salad. It had a good mix of veggies and feta cheese on it with a tasty vinaigrette.  It also came with a plate of hummus and pita chips which was totally unexpected.  I think I actually like the hummus and pita chips better than the salad.  My mom had a pastrami sandwich with fries.  Their sandwiches are huge so she took half home.  Their fries are really good too.  I ate a ton of those.  We definitely will be back.
5	My husband and I love the Vig Deli.  The French fries are delicious as well as their sandwiches and salads.  We haven't had anything that isn't good there.  The pizza is also delicious.  I would recommend this place to anyone!  Just yummy!
4	I usually come here when I have some sort of food coupon from M Resort. The wait is never that long and while sometimes the person behind the counter can be a little rude, I just ignore it.The wait for food doesn't take that long either and the portions are big. Recently, I ordered a bbq pulled pork sandwich with fries and there was so much pulled pork that it spilled out and I had to eat most of it with a fork. I'm not complaining about that though. Give me all the pulled pork! It was tasty, especially since I used a food coupon on it, and there was enough for me to take home leftovers.
4	Vig is a quick stop to eat if you're wandering around the M. I really like their food selection and everything is very good. Prices aren't outrageous for the portions you receive, and the food is fresh. The service was friendly, mostly self service. I love their foot long Chicago dogs. Not just like the real thing, but a taste. Their pizza slices are huge and tasty. Stop here if you're hungry and not in the mood for anything super fancy.
3	This deli is adjacent to the sport book/sports bar area in the M Hotel and Casino. We stopped in for a quick bite after playing the tables for a little bit on our way out. It's a nice option for a meal. The deli meat was fresh. There was a nice option of different meats for sandwiches. There were several sides to choose from, but we skipped sides and opted for a salad. The sandwiches are made to order. The tomato and lettuce was crisp and fresh. The accompanying pickle was crunchy and yummy too. We also got a Cobb salad. All the items were fresh. It was a generous portion of ingredients. The dressing was good, but they had only a small selection of dressings.In all, it's a decent place to eat. Nothing gourmet. Prices were on the high side. There were other food options if you wanted hot dogs, fish and chips or other dishes.
3	Basic deli near the sportsbook at the M Resort Casino. Easy, basic prices, descent portions. Quick bites.
5	...so why review this....hmmmm...its right down the street from where I live and when I or one of my friends has a cold or the flu I come here for the fresh Chicken Noodle soup which they sell at a great price...and...their other food is decent if you want to munch on something while you figure out what to bet on as the sports book is right there as well...did I mention the Chicken Noodle soup....yummmmm
4	Ruben was very good but basically it's fast food in a casino so it's kind of overpriced plus you have to deal with the fact that you are in the casino
3	This place is not a bad glorified fast food style eatery. There is a fair variety of items to choose from, however, the food can be hit or miss. Most recently I grabbed a burger and fries with a fountain drink. Fries were fresh and hot. Burger wasn't terrible but had too much of a char taste. It is a bit pricey for what is being offered as well. Burgers, fries and a drink hits just under $18.
4	Less than half what you'd pay on the Strip, and the food is actually very good. Plus, you can sit at the 32 Degrees bar and order from the deli. The triple decker with turkey, pastrami, and corned beef was especially awesome.
5	Stopped in for lunch. Great sandwiches great ingredients and very fresh  It was a pleasant experience.
4	Fantastic french fries.  Thats all I wanted...and the orders are large!! Nice, fresh and crispy.  This spot is adjacent to the Sports Book.  Anytime I'm there? I'm getting some french fries.  I saw the onion rings on someone's plate.  They're ginormous!!
3	Located next to Sports Book inside the M. They have breakfast and lunch items like eggs, ham, sausage, bacon, sandwiches, melts, fries, onion rings, fish n chips, lo and bagels, etc. You place your order, they give you a ticket, they'll call your ticket number when your food is ready.Tuna Melt:Very buttery bread. The tuna was ok. 3/5Turkey Melt:Very greasy and salty. I could feel my lips puffing up an my arteries clogging. I can imagine this being very good if you're drunk. 3/5I love the fact that they have lots of TV's on sports channels.
