5	I guess I'll be the first to review as they just opened yesterday.  I happened to find out through the grapevines that this restaurant was opening soon through someone's blog and I've been counting the days until it finally opened.  Soba restaurant in Vegas?  I couldn't have imagined that 5 years ago, but with a slew of great, authentic Japanese eateries opening up in this town, it IS a reality.  I was happy to be greeted by all Japanese staff and a compact menu mostly consisting of soba and udon as well as side dishes.  I'm a big fan of battera, or pressed vinegared mackerel sushi, which is not something you'd usually find in sushi restaurant.  Its origin is western Japan, and you'd find battera in some soba places out west.  I really don't see that much in Tokyo area, but I HAD to order it when I saw that on the menu.I also ordered another side dish called zuke tororo, zuke being soy marinated tuna, and tororo is ground/pasted yamaimo yam.I went with standard cold zaru soba and wife had hot niku soba. Oh my....everything was fantastic.  Battera with very well done vinegared sushi rice was perfect with mackerel and combu on top.  Zuke with creamy tororo and crispy daikon along with quail egg topping gave it a nice flavor with different textures.  Soba is apparently made fresh at their L.A. store with imported buckwheat from Nagoya, and had just the right amount of koshi, or chewiness to it.  The broth in hot niku soba was rich and flavorful.  Without any advertisement anywhere, I was surprised to see 3 other groups of customers during lunch time, but I guess when you have something good going the words spread like wildfire.  I can't wait to go back to try their other stuff.
5	Following in the footsteps of Alex S. and Hootie B. as we lovingly know him, I trekked across town for another great Japanese meal experience.  Both of these gentlemen have been providing me with suggestions for my upcoming trip to Japan, and without reservation I trust their judgment on Japanese cuisine.Based on their reviews and pictures, I crafted my meal choice long before arrival.  The restaurant is in a small side strip mall north of Desert Inn on Decatur, on the northeast side.  When you turn into the center, make a left and it is on the left.  The interior is quite simple but very relaxing.  Orchestrations of Beatles tunes played in the background!I was greeted immediately by two wonderful servers, including Yukiko and another very sweet woman, and was given cold roasted barley tea (free treat with free refills, very generous!)  I ordered the battera combo (comes with 4 pieces of mackerel square sushi with kelp on top and choice of hot or cold soba or udon).  I got cold soba.  I also ordered nasu agedashi, which I have only had previously at Kyara.The nasu came first, in a bowl (see my picture).  The good thing about this "age" is that fried did not mean batter-fried but rather pan-fried (when I was in Thailand, all stir fries were called Fried Chicken or Fried Beef but did not mean battered/deep fried).  I prefer this better than greasy eggplant.  Four pan-fried Japanese eggplants were cut-side down in the dashi broth, topped generously with grated daikon, kaiware sprouts, finely shredded nori, and a piece of lemon rind (a nice touch!) - this was outstanding...I felt like I should drink the sauce and daikon at the end but was not sure if that was rude or not, so I used my chopsticks to get every last bite I could before surrendering the bowl.Next came my soba-battera combo (see my picture).  The soba noodles looked so good, topped with finely shredded nori.  I asked the server how to eat them properly.  I added the chopped negi (green onions) into the dipping sauce and added some shichimi togarashi (on the table already).  Then I dipped the noodles in the sauce and ate them.  There was plenty to eat here but it certainly feels healthy doing so, like when I eat shabu shabu.The battera is marvelous - oily, cured well, and delicate for a meaty fish, served with ginger, a natural accompaniment to mackerel.  I do look forward to a return trip already, for more soba and to try more things on the menu.  The restaurant filled up after I arrived, and mostly with Japanese diners.  Though I wish this was closer to me, I think the food and service beckons me back, and often!  Oishi!!
5	Authentic Japanese soba with the hospitality to match.I grew up eating cold soba noodles. My mom would make them to keep cool during the hot Summer months. And I loved them! However, the noodles I ate were dried in a package thats probably been sitting on the shelf for a year. And the sauce came pre-made in a bottle. I first came across 'real' soba last year in California. So my heart skipped a beat to find out Inaba was joining the family of authentic Japanese restaurants in town.SOBA: Chilled buckwheat noodles topped with nori were served alongside a bowl of tsuyu (sauce). I added the scallion and wasabi and got to dipping. A noodle is a noodle is a noodle--NOT. Noodles, like everything else have flavor. And in a soba dish, especially one served cold, the taste and bite of a noodle can make it or break it. This excellent dish can only be described as delicate, fresh, and clean. After I finished my noodles, my server brought over a cup of the water the soba noodles were cooked in. You mix the hot water with the tsuyu and drink. He informed me that its full of vitamins and very good for you! The soba was also served with a side of fried rice. A dash of soy sauce and some togarashi, it didn't stand a chance.VARIETY: With the warm weather upon us, I needed a refreshing pick-me-up. But there are hot soup options available which I will be digging into next time. The star of our appetizers was the Battera Mackerel. In traditional Osaka style, the mackerel is served square. The filet is pressed in a box which results in a thin piece of fish and its cube shape. It was unusual, but it is now my favorite mackerel in Las Vegas. It was cured just right! The Nasu (Eggplant) Agedashi was lightly fried and served just like my usual agedashi tofu. Although delicious, I would've liked the eggplant a little softer. I ordered the sausages for my friend who needed something particularly savory. But I stole one for myself. Tasty, but skippable.DRINKS: Boricha (roasted barley tea) is served in place of water. I believe you can order hot tea for an added cost. And I didn't see any alcohol on the menu either.SERVICE: The two servers were so polite it hurt. I love the Japanese. They were sweet-natured and apologized for the smallest of infractions.Like my eating partner, I can imagine many people leaving here underwhelmed and dissatisfied. How many people do you know would leave the house for cold soup? But for those of us who can appreciate the simplicity of Japanese cooking, this specialty restaurant is doing everything right. They treat you and your food with the utmost respect it deserves.
4	As a big fan of soba, I was really excited ever since I found out there is a new soba house opened in town. All appetizers I ordered tasted very delicated and yummy especially Zuke Tororo (marinated sliced tuna with mountain yam and quail egg). I also tried Satsuma age (fried fish cake served with green onion and ginger) and Nasu Agedashi (fred eggplant served with dashi broth). I loved the texture of my cold soba noodles. They are made freshly and shipped twice a week from Torrance, California. Mackerel over sushi rice was really good too. Fish tasted sweet and fresh. Overall I had a great time trying out this new place. I hope their appetizer can be in Americanize portion. It will be really nice to have Inaba's cold soba when the real Vegas summer comes or when the temperature hits 100+
5	Inaba puts the "Zen" in Amazen!!My first time experiencing Soba noodles and this level of authenticity in Japanese cuisine, and it was fantastic.  I hope my next comment doesn't offend anyone, but when I'm in a restaurant that serves a regional cuisine, and both the staff, and the customers hail from that region, I know it's going to be good.  Inaba falls in this category.My fellow friends and Yelpers joined me for dinner Wednesday night, and we all left pretty satisfied.  Here are some general notes from our experience:The Ambience - The restaurant was playing some very quiet music in the background which was nice (Japanese interpretation of Canon in D)  The room only has about 12 tables, and is decorated with muted tones of bamboo, greys, and blacks.  Peaceful is a good way to describe this place.The Menu - Page one of the two page menu explains a little bit about the noodles, the tradition of this type of cuisine, and why it is so special  (it is).  Be sure to read it!  The other page features a few small plates, and various Soba and Udon dishes, both hot and cold.  The Food - We ordered Kakuni (Braised Pork Belly)  Salmon Oshizuki (pressed cured salmon on top of sushi rice w/ salmon roe) and the Sansai Tororo w/ Soba (buckwheat noodles w/ mountain vegetables and grated yam)  Kukuni -  It was flavorful, but not quite as tender as I've had in other places.  It was a nice way to start the meal, but not my favorite bite of the night.Salmon Oshizuki - A bit too much rice for my liking, but again this was simple and tasty.Sansai Tororo w/ Soba - WOW!  The flavors were subtle and delicate.  If you are not used to this cuisine, you really need to treat it like classical music, and look for the beauty of the subtle flavor nuances.  Just because it's not blaring and loud, doesn't mean it's not great!  The broth was a dashi/soy broth with no oil sitting on the surface and just the right balance of salt.  The veggies were crisp enough to give texture, but stayed in line with the rest of the dish.Inaba is in the infant stages of greatness.  The menu will be updated as time goes on, with new items making appearances.  A Three-word Summary:   Simple, Delicate, Delicious
4	I-naba is new Japanese noodle restaurant in town that offers soba noodles, which I've never had before so I wanted to check it out with my foodie friend.   He ordered several small plates and sampled my hot soba noodles, which I found to be hearty, simple, and, dare I say, lacking some salt?  Apparently that's the way soba noodles are--I just was expecting more flavor.  The tempura mix and fried rice that came with my meal were very flavorful and the presentation and plating of ALL the food was fantastic.  Just because I'm not a fan of soba noodles per se doesn't mean a thing--you should check it out for some authentic Japanese eats.
3	Their soba noodles were very good indeed. Their technique was ok. I really like that they offer cold tea but let you ask for hot tea. The ambience was really quaint and the place was simply decorated for a home-feel. They had soothing instrumental Beatles music playing. Many Japanese were there paying their patronage.There wasn't much special done to their chilled broth and the rice that came with the meal must have been sitting in the rice warmer for a while. It didn't complement or accent the soba very well. It had the slightest taste of soy added to it, but not any other real flavor. I did like that the eggplant (nasu) in the chilled broth was warm. The eggplant was done quite well. Their noodles provide a moment of zen, just like what Steve W. said. Their service is pretty good, except I find their way of giving a check somewhat inefficient because they bring a little cup and after you leave money in the little cup, they seem to be expecting exact change because they don't check on you for a long while. We were almost going to switch out our bills for smaller bills when the server finally came to check on us. I know... they're the only ones in town doing soba. But I have had really good noodles. This place is okay for me. I would love to give it another shot in three months when it's scorching outside. That might just up them to "Yay! I'm a fan." For now, they are "A-ok."
5	Finally, we have a restaurant that specializes in cold soba and udon.  Hooray for Vegas.  Being the noodle whore that I am, I had high expectations from tasting all the delicious noodle restaurants in Torrance, CA.I-Naba's cold soba and cold udon noodles brought just the right amount of chewiness.  The mild dipping sauce was the perfect compliment to warm Las Vegas weather.Conclusion:  Looking to slurp up refreshing cold noodles?  Try I-Naba
5	I went again and had battera and zaru.... mmmm good.  One little thing that bugged me a little bit the first time was that the soba seemed awfully short, but this time, they were long and continuous.  I'm not sure what they did differently this time, but I was pleased to see this change.Secondly, I do need to clarify something.  A few of you said that the soba set comes with soba and "FRIED RICE".  I mean....c'mon.  Why the hell would you get fried rice in a soba place?  Did it even taste like fried rice?  The ONLY place in Japanese food establishment where you would get fried rice would be Chinese food places (there a re a quite a few of those in Japan) or where they sell something that has originated in China, ramen being one, and I really can't thing of any other place.Soba is very traditionally Japanese, and there is no way in hell you would find "fried rice".  It is NOT fried rice, it is "takikomi gohan".  It's steamed rice cooked with some ingredients, and in the case of inaba, it's vegetables.  It's a very traditional Japanese food.  There is not a drop of oil in there.  Please don't misconstrue takikomi gohan with friend rice.  There is also something similar called "maze gohan", which is when some ingredients are mixed AFTER the rice has been steamed.  It may be hard to distinguish the two (maze vs takikomi) from an untrained eye, but maze gohan usually uses ingredients that can't be cooked with rice, for example, fish that shouldn't be cooked, etc.
5	When you walk into a japanese restaurant with more japanese patrons than foreigners,  you know you're in for some good food.   The menu is limited compared to their sister restaurants in CA.  But the food is just as good.   We tried the special of the day which was nabeyaki udon.  The udon is not the thicker version that I'm more familiar with but is just as delicious.   I loved the presentation of the dishes.  The tempuras were lightly battered and crispy.  The cold soba was refreshing and chewy.  And the rice included was flavorful and not oily.   The servers were very attentive and polite.   With the Vegas heat arriving in the coming months, I will definitely be back to slurp some more cold soba!
5	Went here with a friend a few days ago. We both got the ten zaru with soba noddles and we loved it! The soba noddles were perfect after a hot day! I thought the amount of food you got was perfect for the price.  The service was excellent and the place had a nice decor and atmosphere
4	With a bourgeoning Japanese community thriving in Las Vegas, there's an emerging Japanese restaurant enclave that's exciting to observe and participate.  We're definitely coming into our own, rivaling that of LA and evolving into a Japanese foodie hub of the Southwest. And there's definitely demand, every Japanese hotspot is crowded, reviewed by every critic and blogger in town, and in the Top To Do Lists for Dining in Sin City.  Next stop, total world domination!  Muwahaaaaa!And it's not just the fine establishments that are getting the attention, it's the casual restaurants that truly define a culture and represent the heart and soul of food....                                      Inaba Japanese Soba Noodle is a small chain from LA which serves, as the name suggest, Soba and Udon Noodles... It's another Japanese staple cuisine, where noodles are the hallmark of everyday cuisine, with a variety of different executions from cold Soba Noodles with various accoutrements, to hot steaming bowls of Noodle Soup to warm up the body on a cold day....We decided to make our way over to the other side of town and get there just as it was opening up for dinner, we thought it would be crowded...it wasn't.  But after a while, people came in  and filling up the restaurant. As is the case in most restaurants off the Strip, the interior is really nothing to write about, except that it's kinda depressing....no ambience to speak of - but we're here for the food so no quips!We started the meal with a small plate: the Braised Pork Belly which is a favorite of ours. This is a home-cooked comfort food version of the dish, (unlike the polishd, glossy kind you get at the snooty, hoighty, toighty Japanese restaurants on the Strip) with Braised Pork Belly, Carrots and Daikon and Spinach topped with Scallions.  It's served with a side of hot mustard and it is a quintessential comfort food dish. I wasn't overly impressed with the pork, (my piece had a knuckle, so it wasn't belly) so it was a misnomer, however it had all the robustness of the typical dish, (minus the layers of fat) the Daikon was cooked perfectly and the soup was delicious.  I ordered the Nabeyaki Udon, a noodle soup cooked in a pot chock full of delicious ingredients!  The Udon here is not your typical fat noodle, here it's a little thinner but just as tasty, the chewiness of the noodle was orgasmic to the bite and the broth was robust but not overly salty!  On top of the noodle: Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura, Hard Boiled Egg, Salmon, Squid and Greens- it was  a lot of food!  Most Noodle dishes come as a set, so with it came a rice dish -Kakikomi Gohan. A light, subtle flavored rice with vegetables and light seasoning gave a balance to the hot noodle soup, a textural departure..if you will...A little note about the Gohan (rice)-it's not fried rice, it's actually rice steamed with Vegetables, (for further information and rants: check Yelp,  review by Alex S. is truly informative if not a  little funny to read - he's pretty passionate)!                                                  I keep forgetting that I really can't have hot noodle soup unless my body is below freezing, my head starts to sweat like a waterfall and doesn't end until, luck would have it,  I'm out of the restaurant!  (Btw, the Nabeyaki is like a cauldron...it's boiling hot).  But wanting to try this dish, it did not disappoint - I loved the toppings and I would recommend this to those who love Noodles and really Hot Broth!Rick ordered the Tendon, (Shrimp Tempura Bowl):  Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura over a bed of Rice with Soy Sauce.  An excellent dish; the Shrimp was fresh, the Tempura batter and frying was well executed and overall I would get this dish again in a heartbeat.  You can get a combination most of the dishes, which is a noodle side dish, either Soba or Udon, and either hot (Kake) or cold (Karu), he ordered the Hot Udon Noodle.His Udon was great, different than the Nabeyaki, (much simpler with less lava like qualities) it had few toppings but still a simple and great add-on.  This Noodle with Rice Combo is Carb lovers dream and we literally rolled ourselves out the door!Next time, we have to get the Ten Zaru, (Cold Tempura Soba Noodles with Tempura), it's my favorite and perfect on a hot day!! Also, I want to try more of the small plates: Zuke Tororo, (Marinated Tuna with Yam and Quail Egg) the Battera, (Cured Mackerel over pressed Sushi Rice) and the Hirame Kobujime, (Kelp-infused Halibut with Ume-Shiso over Pressed Sushi Rice).In any case, it is a much welcomed addition to the collection of top quality Japanese restaurants that our fair city has accumulated, and Inaba stands out with its focus on noodles, awesome concept and great delivery!!!Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food:           3.75Ambience:  2.5Service       3
4	Heard from my buddies that was the new place to try. I got the chirashi w/ hot soba. The soba was pretty satisfying and actually wasn't scalding hot when it came out, so I could eat it pretty much straight off. The chirashi was pretty good too, with a nice array of sashimi over a generous amount of sushi rice (didn't finish). I wasn't super-impressed, maybe because it was my first time and I wasn't sure what to expect, but it was a solid meal, and I definitely appreciated that the servers were constantly refilling our barley tea and that they had some Beatles instrumental music in the background.
4	I"m a Soba lover especially when it's served ice cold on a hot summer day.  I was ecstatic when I discovered I-Naba from the Yelp reviews.I ordered the Age Nasu with Cold Soba noodles.  The eggplant was sweet with the perfect texture.  The noodles were fresh and had the al-dente bite.We also ordered the Wakame Hot Soba noodles with seweed which was alright but not as good as the Age Nasu.  I would recommend if you want hot to go with their udon but I may be biased because I prefer Soba noodles cold.  Both soba's came with the takikomi gohan, which is steamed rice with a bunch of veggies.  Very fresh, healthy tasting but delicious.Overall this place is good.  There's many Ramen options in Vegas and sometimes you may come across 1 or 2 Soba/Udon items in a regular Japanese eatery but it's nice to have a place that specializes in Soba/Udon.
3	I was very excited to go to this place since there is not many palces that we can get good soba/udon noodles in Vegas.  I usually go to LA to eat authentic Japanese food.  When we arrived, nobody said hi to us, so after we stood around for a while, we picked the seat and sat down on our own.  I guess it was busy..but only 5 more tables were filled.After waiting over 30 minutes, the dish came out for my husband.  Only his.. after a while, the waitress said sorry that my food was taking so long.  Ok.. then I waited more.  Finally, right before my husband finished his dish, mine came out.  It was over 45 minutes of wait.  It was just too much wait for me for something like that.  For lunch, for noodle??  The restaurant is new, and maybe they are still learning how to operate.  The food was good, so I will see if I see any improvement when I go back next time.
4	3.5 stars.I was REALLY REALLY excited to try this place...especially since it's been so hot in Vegas. We came in on a Saturday night and it was completely empty....I figured it was fairly new and that no one really knew about it.I ordered the tempura soba (cold) and the hubby ordered the plain soba cold as well. The soba noodles were a bit hard and it looked like they were left overs since they were all broken up lil pieces of noodles (all about 1" -1.5" long). Noodles were a bit disappointing, but the tempura was good. My husband decided to order the salmon appetizer too which looked good and was pretty good minus the fact that the rice to salmon ratio was like 2:1. I really liked how he brought out the hot soba broth to mix with the soba sauce at the end to close the meal. Overall, I am definitely willing to give this place another try hopefully with long soba noodles. No complaints about service, but I guess when you are the only one there it's hard to not get good service. =)
5	Potted plants rest outside the doors of a minimalist, graceful establishment - one that alludes to the history and ceremony to the experience of a traditional soba house that is I-Naba.  While Ichiza might offer a crowded and loud experience out of the corner of Tokyo, I-Naba would be a gentle breath of Kyoto.Upon the invitation of a friend of mine, I joined her for lunch at the newly established restaurant that I had heard NOTHING about, specializing in Soba noodles, which I had only enjoyed in yakisoba.  Headed by one of the prime chefs from Bellagio's famous Picasso restaurant, there is nothing like this restaurant's offering currently in Vegas - no Soba houses to speak of - but thankfully, this restaurant really, really delivers.Graceful lines and floral arrangements grace the interior.  Service is attentive and friendly, helpful to answer any questions about the presentation or function of the ladle, spicing the broth to enjoy your very healthy, buckwheat soba, etc.  Service was a little slow on the refills of my water and tea, but the food came out quickly, hot, and gorgeously presented.  While the noodles were of course, delicious and I enjoyed being able to flavor my broth myself, I was just beside myself with the appetizers, which chef really shone.  The calamari-stuffed vegetable tempura was the standout in the midst of some excellent dishes, along with fresh, flavourful sushi whose presentation was only matched by the floral arrangements.  I could have equally been happy ordering several appetizers versus an actual entree.  When one ventures into a space such as I-Naba, they're really not just looking for quality food so much as an experience in an unfamiliar realm of cuisine - but the ceremony and care of food from top to bottom was just wonderful and I look forward to returning again.
5	I had the best time with my family dinning at I-NABA, the food was gorgeous in presentation and delicious in flavor, the service excellent, the servers very friendly. To finish the night we all try the desserts and guess what... We love it. I have nothing to complain about.
4	I have to give this place 4 stars simply because its the BEST COLD SOBA place in Las vegas.  However, how many other soba places are there in vegas? no clue, but for sure not many.For a hot summer day or night when you're craving noodles, this place will hit the spot.  I recommend starting with the fish cakes and or pork belly as appetizers.  If you're the type to like add-ons or lots of meat in your noodles then ask them to bring out the appetizers along with your noodles.  Otherwise, prepare to spend 5 min just chowing down meatless but delicious soba.
5	Never write a Yelp review when your stomach is grumbling. Also, never say never.I've been thinking about this place ever since I finally tried it last night. Let's cut to the good stuff. To start, we shared some calamari tempura and they were delicious! I usually see tempura as just a single ingredient dipped in the batter, but these had some nice complexity to it with the calamari wrapped around some sort of green veggie (I'm so not a foodie).For the main course, I had a chirashi bowl with cold soba. I've never had soba before and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The sashimi in the bowl was not Kabuto-level, but it was nevertheless utterly delectable. Though it may not look like a lot of food, I finished the dish completely satisfied.The cold barley tea that they serve was the perfect complement to the meal. To top it off, they had some sort of shamisen rendition of Michael Jackson's Beat It playing. It was quite fitting for the three-year anniversary of his passing.Oh and the service was extremely friendly. I shall return.
5	After hiking, some of our group decided to meet up with other Yelpers who were having lunch at I-Naba.  What a great place!  I asked a friend what he'd recommend and he pointed me to something he had on his first visit - battera which is 4 pieces of mackerel served on sushi rice and a bowl of udon or soba served hot or cold.  It's also served with your choice of noodles in the broth or on the side.  I got the cold udon noodles in broth.  Everything was fantastic.  I really liked the barley iced tea they served and I must have finished one of their pitchers myself.I have to mention the service.  The young women were very helpful and polite.  They were also so good to put our cupcakes in their cooler so they didn't melt in the 100+ degree heat outside.  The music playing was surprisingly Western (some Beatles tunes) but very enjoyable.  The company of 6 other Yelpers made this lunch a special after hike treat!  I'll be back for the soba next time.  Nothing like cold noodles during our warm dessert months.
5	love it !!!   dine at inaba 3 times already and had all the dishes  :)    can t wait to go back with my friends . the chef (yoshi )has been working as chef for a premier '5 star' restaurant for years... and you can see that in every dish he prepares.  enjoy!
5	I love their soba noodles and especially the yuzu ice cream with pop candy!
5	I'm writing a whole new review for this. This is one of my favorite spots and it had one of my shortest reviews. Unacceptable!I've probably been here about 7-8 times now, and I have yet to be disappointed in any way. Between the remarkable consistency, spot-on presentation, and subtle yet powerful flavors - this is pretty much the standard for an authentic (as if I really know) Japanese experience.Firstly - soba is their specialty for your typical lunch or dinner. They make it themselves, and you can tell. It is lighter, with subtle flavor, over your common pre-made variety in most restaurants. Honestly, you can't eat the pre-made stuff anymore. I-naba simply embarrasses it. Cold, they serve a perfect tray complete with the dipping broth, salt, some perfectly light and crispy tempura, and rice. Hot, you get a bowl of soup that will warm you inside and out. It is so very delicious.I've sampled a few other small dishes (well, really everything is small) as well. Between eggplant, stuffed shrimp, green tea macarons, ice cream with fruits and jellies, and green tea espresso - everything is simply perfect. There are no flavors over or understated. Everything is just right. Nothing is overpowering, and balance is always key. This is more often than not the Japanese way.Honestly - eat here and never go back to pre-made soba, or anything else pre-made for that matter, ever again. Even their presentation is perfect. Just don't be surprised when you can't settle for less anymore.
4	A group of friends and I saw a review for this place on this week's Seven Magazine so we really wanted to give I-Naba a try. The interior decor was very simple and bring surrounded by all Japanese customers made this place all the more authentic. With all the meals, excluding the 'small bites' come with your choice of either soba or udon noodles with a cold or hot broth. We ordered a variety of small bites including fried soba chips which were buckwheat chips served with a side of wasabi guacamole. Next we ordered the calamari with stuffed vegetables lightly battered and fried served with a side of tempura sauce. The braised black pork belly followed after. Overall the presentation for the food was amazing but the taste was not so impressive, merely just okay. The chips were simple, and tasted just like wonton chips; calamari was very tough and chewy, but the taste itself was well balanced with the herbs and carrots; finally the black pork belly was good but lacking the full robust flavor like the one from Goyemon. For entree we ordered Battera sushi ( 4 pieces of mackerel nigiri served with cold soba noodles), chirashi sushi bowl (as seen in Seven Magazine served with hot udon noodles), and the Tori Udon (served with chicken and egg). As mentioned before the presentation was exquisite but again lacking the 'wow' feature. Dont get me wrong, the noodles were well cooked and the broth was savory, but it tastes like any other both you can get from another Japanese restaurant. For dessert we orders the buckwheat crepe served with side of red bean, ice cream, and topped with walnuts and honey. The crepe itself was very soft and spongy and okay. When you come to I-Naba, this place makes you think about what a traditional Japanese noodle house would look feel, and taste like. Very simplistic place to get dinner! I think this place would've been more enjoyable if our food came out faster. Although the place was small, when it's full with people maybe the cooks can't crank out the order as fast. As a result everyone who was ordered were waiting for quiet a while. Four stars overall!!
5	I love I-Naba! I would eat here every day if I could - it's just that good! The (stuffed) calamari is tender and filled with fresh veggies. The Yuzu-Limeade is sweet, tangy and refreshing. The Ten Zaru + barley tea they offer is the perfect meal on a hot summer day. Definitely check this place out! Great service, warm environment and delicious food. And don't forget the dessert - the soba crepes are a must!
4	Good Clean and quiet place. nice soba.Servers very attentive.
2	I have been here twice.  Hoping the second visit would compensate for the bad first experience.  I've tried the soba, udon and tuna bowl.  Everything was bland and lacked flavor on both visits.  At first, I thought the prices were very reasonable but then I realized how much food they give you.  The portions are small, reflective of the price.  On both occasions, I needed a second dinner to satisfy my hunger.
4	So the Soba is the specialty here along with a lot of little plates.  There is NO alchohol here, at least when I visited about a month ago.  The food is well prepared, and really enjoyed the wasabi relish, was so tasty, reminded me of my little sushi place back home.  It is a small place but I am definitely coming back as everything was made to order with love.  If you are a serious FRESH fish person, then don't know if you will get the selection you are looking for, but still very tasty for what they have and the method by which they prepare.
4	This place is as close to the real thing as it can get.  our whole family loves their cold soba and udon dishes!  it has become our favorite lunch joint since we discovered it.  love it!
4	Who knew cold noodles would be so good on a hot day? I've had soba before but never from an "authentic" restaurant. The cold soba noodles were deliciously chewy, although they did stick together making it tricky to eat. Luckily there weren't many others around to see me wrestle them apart with my chopsticks. I also ordered some chirashi -- another great option when the temperature rises. The cuts of fish were decent, with the salmon being the best of the bunch. The sushi rice found beneath was heavy on vinegar. Does that qualify as authentic? I have no idea.The waitress was great. She checked in several times and was happy to answer any questions I had. The restaurant owners also have locations in California and Hawaii.
4	On 3 Sep 2012 had the $18 tasting menu consisting of 4-courses (the last being dessert) and it was a good deal and tasty.  Your meal also includes complimentary Japanese ice tea.  Edamame goes for $3.  I recommend both I-Naba and Monta Noodle House for good quality Japanese noodles.
3	Food is 4-5 stars.The service is 1 star.  I'd give it 0 if I could.This review is based on two separate occasions.The first time I went there, it was a late lunch at about 2-3P on a weekend.  There were only two other tables occupied when I entered and they were midway completed with their meal before we were even seated.I have my 5 year old with us.  So when the waitress comes up to our table, I ask, "What's good for kids?"  Her response, "Kids?"  I said, "Yes, kids.  What do children normally order?"  She says, "Children?"  I say, "Yes, children.  What do children usually get here?"  And she says, "Get?"  At this point, I can tell this is going nowhere.  But trying not to lose it and be polite, I say, "Is there a kids menu?" since some restaurants have a separate kids menu.  And again, she says "Kids?"  So I point to other table and I say, "What did those kids order?"  She says, "Kids like noodles."  Keep in mind that about half the menu comprises noodles.  So I say, "Which noodles?"  And she says, "Which noodles?"  So by now, I'm a bit turned off and just order without the waitress' input.I'm not sure where they get their staff from.  It seems like they just flew in from Asia and handed them a uniform.  I'm not being difficult or picky.  I myself am 100% asian and my mother also tried to speak to her in Japanese with zero success.  She's over 70 and was disgusted.  She is also 100% Japanese.The food came out about 45 minutes later.  Luckily, I had my phone to keep my kid occupied.  Otherwise, we would've left and gone to McDonalds.The second time, I plan ahead and try to be smart about it.  I call ahead and ask if it's crowded or if there is a wait because it's dinnertime and a holiday weekend.  They said the restaurant is mostly empty.  So we truck on down there.As luck would have it, the second trip is worst than the first.  I see a party of 7 walk in right when we do.  Knowing that these people move at turtle speed and trying to order before the party of 7, I tell the hostess that I am ready to order before we even hit the seats.  And what does she do?  She walks away and brings ONE menu for a party of 5.  I have no idea what she's doing and I say, "I'm ready to order" again.  And what does she do?  She walks away and brings four more menus.  So at this point, I'm worried.  I say, "We don't need more menus.  I said I'm ready to order."  So we place our order and I watch her carefully as she goes to the party of 7 and takes their order without putting our order in.And of course, I sit there for an hour while my 5 year old yells out, "What is taking so long?"  And of course, the party of 7 gets their food before our party of 5 despite placing our order first.  My 80 yr old father who can barely walk is outraged, feels compelled to go to the "manager" and asks what is taking so long.  The restaurant is less than half full.  They apologize profusely and say the other tables' order is simple and that's why they got their food first.Simple?  Simple?  Seriously?  How hard is it to slice fish, put it on rice and cook noodles for 5 minutes and put it in a bowl?  How do I know this?  Not only do I love soba, I've cooked it myself at home at least 30 times.All five of us ordered the same exact item.  It's not like we ordered unique items per person.  They could have mass produced each component and threw it on the plate.  Let's face it, Soba is basically ramen.  You cook it and give you a bowl of pre-made sauce.  It's not like they are making the actual noodles from scratch the moment it's ordered.They had one waitress, one manager, and what must've been one cook for a holiday dinner time slot.  Unreal.So why a 3 star rating?  They gave us a discount on the bill and the food is good.  I tell the manager that if they cannot handle 5 identical orders with a restaurant is less than half full on a holiday weekend at dinner, what would it be like if they were at capacity or had a line?  She apologized profusely again, agreed with me and said that our party and the other party arrived at the same time.  Still no excuse.  It was two tables in a restaurant that was 1/4 full when we got there.Bottom line, don't bother unless you can wait an hour plus for noodles and a chirashi bowl that should take 20 minutes tops.  I will NOT ever return.  You have been warned.Inaba employees, management and owners:  I hope you read this because you have a lot to learn about managing a business.  Have you ever wondered that the reason why your restaurant is half full is because you cannot support a full restaurant?  And now your restaurant will be even more empty because I will not return and will tell everyone under the sun to never go there regardless of how great your soba is or ever will be.
4	Soba is so-good.  This was my first experience eating soba and I loved every moment.  The presentation is beautiful, the food is perfect, and the experience is even better.  I shall place this on my top five places to eat tempura as well.
2	Ok finally ate here.  Thanks for taking off my other review assholes.  Trying to cover up the truth.   As I stated before, don't just decide to open when it's convenient for you.  Everything was so-so.  Disappointed in the nanbanzuke which I have always loved normally with saba.  This one lacked flavor.Soba - Didn't really care if it came from Japan or not because something was lost in the shipping process.  Raw Tuna bowl had old fish that was disgusting.  Shouldn't be serving that raw or maybe SNHD should be the finally ruling on this.  Tempura was perfect.  Hard to go back for just one thing.
4	I visit I'naba often because I feel that it's just the right amount of food for me! So, I hear a lot of things about people making comments about Cold Noodles and how they don't care where the noodles come from or who makes them. Then honestly don't eat out or write your reviews because you obviously just are not well rounded enough to appreciate the culture of others besides your own. Getting back to my review, the people who work here are Japanese and I like that because it makes the atmosphere seem authentic. Also a lot of the cliental when I come in are always Japanese. I order the limeade because it is homemade and tastes like a mojito mix, which I love mojitos. On to the food! So experimented around, ordering hot/cold, appetizers, the specials, and there hasn't been a complaint about any of it. I love the noodles and I love getting my hot water for the sauce to turn into soup after. The service regardless if they were slammed or empty as always been attentive to my orders and needs. My only issues are about the portions, I feel that because although it might be just right for me it is lacking in the size for others. I feel that every time I bring a friend to eat with the portion is not enough and they have to order more. Also the price is a little over what I would like to pay but I understand to stay afloat you must charge people. Hence the 4 out of 5 stars. But for some noodles and tempera it's a great spot to get a quick bite to eat!
5	Otherwise known as "Nana Noodles" as it's written on the restaurant exterior, which might confuse some people as to whether they went to the right spot. The place inside is well spaced out and the servers here are friendly. It wasn't crowded here when our party of 4 arrived here for lunch.What they serve superbly here is the soba noodle experience. Served in a very traditional fashion, the highlight is on the soba sauce. Then they turn the sauce into tea. It's amazing.Add to that a combination where you can add a chirashi bowl. I didn't expect much, but the cuts in general were better than I expected. The fish isn't served chilled though, but that didn't bother me. The tamago isn't sweet either, but again, it didn't bother me because it was prepared well.I hear there's a location here in LA too. If it's anything like here, I'm there!
5	I finally returned after my first visit - I was intrigued by the yuzu offerings and also these new tasting menus.Today the tasting menu looked amazing (first course - choice or battera or mackerel escabeche - saba all the way), tempura or some other yummy second course, choice of hot udon with beef or shrimp, and pineapple ice with coconut ice cream.  However, I wanted non-noodles tonight.I ordered the nasu agedashi that I had the first time and it was slightly different.  Noticeably, the ikura replaced the delicious lemon peel.Next, I enjoyed the 6 piece battera, mackerel with kelp.  Delicious and perfect.My indulgence was the special of the night, a sashimi plate with tuna, salmon and hamachi.  It was served in a bowl of ice, with a thin slice of radish holding the wasabi, tuna resting on shiso leaf atop shredded daikon and carrot, folds of salmon and slices of hamachi, with one sweet shrimp with tail on standing up.  I really loved the presentation of the sashimi plate.My yuzu tastes included the yuzu-limeade (refreshing, hint of yuzu) and the yuzu yogurt sorbet (too much honey on top, did not like the pop rocks, and the flavor of the sorbet was a bit odd to me too...masking the yuzu - served with blackberries on the side) but it was worth trying since I like to taste all things yuzu that I can find.  There are other places in town advertising yuzu desserts, so I hope I can get around to those eventually.Overall, still the same Beatles muzak in the background, playing for 7 months already?  Very nice service, great atmosphere, tempting menu.  I want to return for a tasting menu soon!
5	After a couple days of binge eating and purge dancing, I needed this.  I needed food that was not rich or abundant or anything extravagant.  I needed simple, elegant food and that's what is served at I-Naba.Going off strip when one does not have one's own car is always difficult.  It's easy to tell the taxi cab "Bellagio" or "MGM" and they know exactly where to take you. . . True it's not exactly rocket science to notice a huge casino/hotel down one road.  But say that you want to go off strip to a small restaurant and you're in trouble.  Word of advice - give them nearby major intersections and for I-Naba look for the "Nana Noodles" sign.The restaurant and menu is small and simple. . . Initially I had my heart set on the Chirashi with soba combination as advertised on their website but I could not resist a 4-course tasting menu for $18 obviously with wine pairing for the first two courses(add $7).Course 1 - three pieces of cured mackeral nigiri.  Now I'm not a fan of saba to begin with so cured saba was not my thing.  The shape was unique, completely squared, which I found difficult to eat with.Course 2 - Tempura fish cake/shrimp and eggplant.  Let me explain, the shrimp is blanketed with fish cake and the whole thing is deep fried tempura style, served with grilled eggplant and in some soy sauce.  It was lovely.Course 3 - Hot udon soup with a side of fried rice.  THE. BEST. UDON I have had.  The noodles were not as big as I would expect it to be (yes that's what she said for you immature folks out there) but it was the right size for me and absolutely delicious.  The broth was very nice, not too salty, not too bland.Course 4 - Honey covered yogurt with frest fruit.The service was great and attentive. . . We asked our server if she would not mind calling a cab to pick us up and informed us that the cab is due to arrive in 15 min.  15 min?!  Ok, we'll walk around the shopping center and maybe buy a huge thing of water for our hotel room, we just rounded the shopping center when our waitress came running after us telling us that the cab called with an update that he will be arriving in 2 min instead.  Great service, absolutely great.I could not have been happier with our choice to visit I-Naba for udon (especially after I overate at the buffet for lunch).
4	Kind of hidden place located on the northeast corner of the Desert Inn and Decatur shopping center, with its "back" facing decatur on the side of the smith's building. Welcoming staff. Comtemporary design. Nice atmosphere. According to my friend, their menu was design the "legit" or "real" way of how japanese should do their menu's... opening from the right to left. I WOULD HAVE NEVER NOTICED LOL. Small menu of some appetizers, cold and hot noodles, drinks, and desserts.This visit, i had ordered the vegetable ten zaru, which was a cold soba noodle served with shrimp and vegetable tempura on the side. On the table, there is a little description on the healthiness of eating soba. Quite informative to read. Each person is given "water" which has some flavoring in it. Something close to the barley tea water you get at some korean restaurants? Each order is brought in it's own individual tray, and each item separated in its own individual dish. Other than what i had listed above for my order, it also came with a little fried rice like thing that tasted quite nice. Nothing too flavorful but still good. The soba sauce came with a side plate with wasabi and green onions, and a plate of some seasoned, perhaps sea salt that you can add to the sauce as well depending on your own preference. I added all the green onions but a little wasabi and salt for the experience. Luckily, i only added a little of the wasabi, because that wasnt really something i had liked. Haha. But back to the main course. The soba was cooked beautifully, nice and al dente. The tempura was freshly fried, and crispy. Everything was flavored nicely. Nothing overpowering but was refreshing because it was a cold noodle dish on a hot day.As i had mentioned briefly earlier, there is a health benefit to eating soba. One is that you drink the rest of your soba sauce with the soba water that will be given to you, during your meal. What the health benefit was, i dont remember, but hey, why not? Price wise it was fairly decent. Range from i believe 10 - 14 dollars depending on which "combination soba" you get. As for other items, im not sure. Nice place to eat on a hot day.
4	If someone didn't tell me where this was located or if I didn't have GPS I would never have found it. So be sure to map it out before heading out. I am a very picky and hold high standards to certain ethnic foods as I come from an ethnic background and have lived for many years overseas. This place is definitely a place where I would suggest to anyone wanting to try real Japanese cold soba. The staff is very welcoming and the design is modern with a little hint of tradition, if you've never had cold soba before they are willing to teach you how to eat it and what to do after. This is a first I've seen here in Las Vegas, as I know many may not know traditions of how to eat certain foods. The design of the menu is traditional in a sense, typical Japanese menu opening left to right, but the menu itself is all in English. They had an assortment of appetizers, cold and hot soba, drinks and dessert. The price itself is reasonable, for a lunch plate that I had which was a shrimp and vegetable ten zaru it came out to be around $15.The food was pretty good, everything was separated as it should be. I didn't have problems with the service though it did take about half an hour to get our food, which to me is normal at any restaurant. The soba was perfect, not too soft or hard, just the way it should be. The tempura was fresh and not overly battered. Overall I liked the place and price. I would definitely recommend it to my friends. Nothing on that menu is difficult to make, but if you're feeling lazy and have a craving for soba, this would be the place to go.
5	Long overdue review. Last time I ate here was almost 6 months ago. I really love the I-Naba chain. Back when I was still living in Los Angeles County, they had a I-NABA in the South Bay area. The one thing I remember about the place was how good they treated my Dad on account of him being such a popular figure in the Los Angeles Japanese-American community. I always thought it was funny how they always kissed his ass and treated him like royalty. At this Las Vegas location, they never heard of him. When people say that I-Naba is the best Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas, I can easily understand why people would say that. This place has introduced a dish which is extremely popular in Japan to the morbidly uncultured people of Las Vegas. Even though I personally believe that Shogu and Hiro's famous "Sushi-on-Rainbow" restaurant is the best and even the most culturally significant Japanese restaurant in LV, I can see why some people may say I-NABA is the bees nees. In fact, I agree that I-NABA is much greater than Ichiza or any of the poke-MON restaurants.  I love buckwheat soba. I really love buckwheat soba. I have eaten Zaru Soba every single night for the last 6 months. It's a great source of complex carbohydrates, and it helps keep my weight down. If you are a narcissistic pretty boy like me, I really recommend replacing your carb source with buckwheat soba. It gives you that energy you need to workout hard, with the fiber and health benefits as an added bonus.  Every Zaru Soba fan would much prefer to go to one of these soba places that actually have their noodles specifically made for their restaurant. You can get Zaru Soba at Shuseki and Ichiza but they use the same noodles that you get at places like Nakata Market of Japan or Japan Creek Market. Don't get me wrong, I ain't knocking Shuseki. In fact, Shuseki is my favorite noodle house in Vegas, but when you taste the freshly made noodles at I-NABA, you will immediately recognize the difference in taste. The girl who works here is really fun to talk with. Last time I was here we had a conversation about Japanese identity. She is half-Japanese/White, and I'm half-Japanese/Korean. So, it was one of the more interesting conversations I have had this year. I-NABA also holds the unique title of having my very favorite Vegetable Tempura.  The vegetables they use taste organically grown, and they slice them so nice in that symmetrically perfect style. I really like places that make their own Tempura dipping sauce in house. I can only think of 2 other places in LV that do this(SushiTwister and Sushi on Rainbow). I really wish I could eat here everyday or at least more often. Problem is that I work 60 hours 7 days a week. By the time I get off work this place is usually closed. I heard that they might start opening later when they get their liquor license. I hope it's soon.
4	Hesitant to come here at first despite all the good reviews. It's just the concept of paying for a meal where the star attraction is the noodles and the dipping sauce it comes in just isn't that appealing. I'm used to a bowl of noodles where the broth is the highlight of the dish or the ingredients are and the noodles just complement as well as add some filling in the bowl.Being this was my first time at I-Naba i opted to try the evening's tasting menu which was a 4 course dinner for 18. Portions were small which reflects traditional Japanese style. I didn't remember to take a picture of the tasting menu. With that in mind i'm going to describe what came out without knowing their proper names or the other option available.1st course - braised mackrel Served cold which was a surprise to me but still pretty good. The sauce they braised in it was light and refreshing and paired quite nicely with the mackrel 2nd course - deep fried shrimp with a hunk of fish cake attached to it served with fried tofu and eggplant in sauceThe fish cake is very Japanese which is the only way i can describe it. Flavored with herbs and heavy with course cuts of vegetables. not exactly what i was expecting with it comes to fish cake but it was still nice. 3rd course - Bowl of udon soup with slices of rib eyeEven though this place is known for it's soba noodles the udon is excellent. The broth was light and refreshing as well as complemented the udon noodles quite well.4th course - shaved watermelon ice with sesame ice creamThe sesame ice cream had honey drizzled over it and was a small scoop but packed a very rich and pleasant sesame taste. They did an excellent job shaving the watermelon ice as it wasn't prone to melting quickly and had a rich watermelon taste.Not exactly what i was expecting at all when i came here but will gladly return.
5	I-Naba has been our weekend staple all summer long.  We usually share the Chirashi Combination ($14) and have it with cold Udon.  I love their little chirashi - it's the perfect size for lunch and the price can't be beat.  The Husband usually eats up the udon on his own.  (I did once make the mistake of eating all the chirashi and udon myself and I was beyond full.)  Sometimes their chirashi can be such a pleasant surprise with scallops and the like.  Other times, it's filled with the standard tuna, salmon, and ikura.  I was actually disappointed that squid wrapped with shiso wasn't in my most recent order.Sometimes we throw in a few of their other items:* Kakuni ($6) - Braise black pork belly, enough said.* Salmon Oshizushi ($7) - It's pressed cured salmon with salmon eggs.  The Little Guy loves salmon eggs, so that's why we added this to our order.  It's something we've only ordered once and not again though.* Nasu Agedashi ($5) - Fried eggplant served in a dashi broth and more salmon eggs.  Again, this was something we ordered because of the extra ikura, but not something that we have since repeated.* Roasted Chilean Seabass - This one came off their Specials board and it was so yummy!  Great choice.* Sesame Trio Dessert - Again, another one from the Specials Board and what a treat!  The creme brulee, the macaron, and the ice cream were all so good! Service - we love when we are remembered and the waitress automatically brings a bowl and silverware for the Little Guy.  She also remembered our egg allergy and came out after our order was put in to remind me that I didn't request tamago out of my chirashi!  Yay for her! Overall, we love the simplicity of I-Naba and it's a welcome addition to Vegas.  It's a little hard to find without having a front street presence, but we are glad we did.  Hours are changing next month though!
1	I had the Chirashi yesterday,but I was very disappointed.When I had the Chirashi, it had variety of fish,but yesterday's Chirashi,it had ony tuna,hamachi and the rest was all salmon.If they don't have variety of fish that day, they shouldn't serve the Chirashi.The three kind of fish is not Chirashi.
5	I-Naba is a refreshing change of pace for my rotation of noodle lunches that are mostly, pork broth, stir fried, or beef broth based. Their little storefront is a bit hidden inside the Decatur and Desert Inn shopping center where Smith's is located and once you find the provocative "massage parlor" it's right next door. Their menu has expanded a bit from when they first opened, but I won't go into that, you can see the menu here : http://www.inabalasvegas.com/#!menu/vstc1=brunchI-Naba also offers specials in their menu in store that include an appetizer, entree, and dessert for those who would like to partake on a more complete lunch. My personal favorites are the zuke tuna bowl with hot udon combo ($12) or the battera (cured mackerel sushi). The hot udon increases my heart rate and makes my nose runny because I'm slurping its umami deliciousness so quickly. Just like smelling a pineapple to see if it's ripe, I use my runny nose to tell me whether or not I'm having a great bowl of hot noodles. I've never had a problem with the service, any language barrier issues, or my drinks being filled, BUT sometimes I'm sad when I go there on Tuesday's and they're not opened :(. The best part of I-Naba is definitely knowing the fact that I leave not feeling heavy, but satisfied and healthy.
4	Wanting some soba noodles!  My husband suggested we try this place, it had been on his radar for a while.  We're it, one other table but they had just finished, so it was quiet and we had extra attention from the staff.The menu is small, they have a chef's special daily and that's what I got.  As it turned out, I ended up with udon noodles instead and loved mine a lot more than my husbands soba.  Since mine was three courses, I feel like my first serving was more like an appetizer but just a bite!  It had great flavors, but would have loved to have had more.My broth on the udon was good, but needed a little extra kick, and for dessert I got a sesame ice cream.  Overall, great service and great flavors, but would have loved a bit more on the plate!  We're big eaters.
3	Like I said before. This Las Vegas INABA location cannot compare to the one in Torrance California. And like I said before, the people here in Las Vegas are morbidly uncultured. I still believe the two chicks who work here are the best when it comes to customer service, and they do work very hard. .....But, listen very closely because I got something to say about INABA..... INABA LAS VEGAS has recently gotten their liquor license. Unfortunately, this has resulted in tragedy for anyone of proud Japanese lineage.  The other night, I came back to INABA to find it packed with hipsters, emos, scene kids, and "Wine & Cheese" people. Everyone was piss drunk and shouting like idiots. The sophisticated Japanese fine-dining atmosphere had been raped and sodomized by drunk Vegas douchebaggery.  To make things worse, the huge group of "Wine & Cheese" people were doing nothing but shouting racist jokes,  and sexual references.   Japanese women are very polite and they tend to just ignore things like that, and that's exactly what the waitresses did. What I didn't understand was that one of the drunk white dudes kept walking into the kitchen every couple of minutes. Is this guy somehow associated with the business? The positive thing about this situation is that the noodles actually tasted better during my recent visit. The zaru soba tasted like it was made fresh in the morning. The texture was very chewy, and the length of the noodles was very long. The vegetable tempura was kind of cold this time though. I don't think I'm ever coming back to INABA because it has become the new Ichiza. INABA will do well here in Vegas. And I only wish the best for the owner. But, it doesn't need the help and support of the LV Japanese-American community anymore mainly due to the fact that the hipsters have made it their drinking spot now.
3	Salmon Oshizushi- good quality sake & ikura but too much rice.Zuke Tororo- really tasty & fresh, small portion.Niku Soba- I thought the soup was too bland.. Cool spoon though.Zaru Soba- yummy.Yuzu Limeade- omg so refreshing & perfectly tangy!!!The service was a bit slow! Took over 30 mins to get our food when there were only 2 other tables...
4	This place is so cute! i love going to I-NABA during a hot summer day and ordering the cold age nasu. It contains udon noodles in a cold dashi broth with grilled pieces of eggplant. I have tried the soba noodles, and i must say.. im not a fan of their soba noodles there.... its very starchy and grainy.The service there is always on point, fast and extremely friendly! too bad i'm only into their cold noodles more than the hot udon or soba... or else i would go back everyday during winter. happy eating and dont forget to SLURP UR NOODLES... in the Japanese culture, slurping loudly while eating noodles is a sign of deliciousness!!!
3	I love little ethnic places where the menu is limited and all the focus is on their specialties.  That's why I made the trek to I Naba for the special zaru soba.Verdict?  It was OK...The best part of the Zaru Soba was probably the noodles which were thin and chewy.  Otherwise, I wasn't impressed with the broth which I thought was not enough flavor and a tad bit salty.  Also, the portion was TINY!!  They really should have an option for a larger size.I also ordered the Saba Nanban Zuke.  Dislike!First, it's fried but served chilled which I definitely wasn't expecting.  The skin is still on (which I prefer not to eat) so it was diffcult separating the meat from the skin, especially using chopsticks.  It was also tossed with some sliced veggies and a yuzu-type marinade.Sorry but I didn't find much to like about this dish.At the end of the meal, they bring you a little pot filled with broth that was used to cook the soba and it's supposed to be mixed with the your leftover broth.  I thought it was a little strange, but I actually enjoyed it =)Service was spectacular!!Just wished the food was better =/
5	Best Soba Noodles in Town. Get the Battera too! (Osaka style Mackerel sushi) Melts in your mouth. Proven fact that the antioxidants in soba noodles cure hangovers!
4	My son and I enjoyed lunch at this cute little restaurant. The best part was I didn't feel bloated or tired after my meal. The food is really good!
4	After being mesmerized by the No Reservations episode in Japan where Anthony Bourdain enjoys cold soba noodles made from a reputable master (begin around 19:23... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLtRN_C0ev4), I was excited to learn Las Vegas now has its own place for authentic Japanese soba, a firm vermicelli sized noodle made from buckwheat. Although the soba is not made from scratch on the premise by a resident soba master, I've heard that it is shipped in from their sister restaurant in Torrance, where it is made fresh daily with imported Japanese buckwheat flour.    To summarize my three trips here, I've included my take on various offerings:Appetizers: Chawanmushi-  velvety egg custard with seafood, similar in quality to Kyara across town, with slightly better price point ($4 vs $5)Battera- Holy smokes/Holy mackerel this is some nice thinly pressed smoked mackerel atop well seasoned vinegar rice!Entrees:Chirashi bowl- beautifully arranged assortment of sashimi and roe over sushi rice, strongly recommend pairing with the cold Zaru soba Noodles:In the dilemma between hot and cold soba, I felt that the cold soba was the clearcut favorite for me (I've also gathered from reading other reviewers that their udon is not the typical thick chewy noodle, but a thinner softer variety so you've been warned)  The Zaru soba is simply plain chilled soba noodles served on an artistic bamboo basket (zaru)  with some shredded nori and accompanied by some scallions, wasabi, and dipping sauce of mirin, dashi, and soy sauce.  Proper technique is to take a few strand of noodles with the chopsticks, dunk the bottom half of the noodles into the cup with the dipping sauce (some like to add the scallions and wasabi into the dipping cup whereas placing them directly onto the soba can intensify their flavors), and it is encouraged to slurp them into your mouth so that you first get the taste of pure buckwheat flavor followed by the combined flavor of all the ingredients together.  The texture and inherent flavor of the noodle is best appreciated in this form and it is a very refreshing afternoon meal especially in the summertime although I also didn't mind eating it during my last visit in the wintertime. Drinks:Yuzu limeade with mint- bubbly, tart and mildly sweet, akin to a very refreshing non-alcoholic Asian mojitoSoba tea- the broth from which the soba is cooked is chalk full of vitamins B1, B2, and rutin (good for lowering blood pressure and a potent antioxidant to boot) and the gracious staff presents it at the close of the meal which can be consumed as is or combined with the dipping sauce as a nice hot broth.  While our Western palates are conditioned to routinely appreciate an unctuous hunk of pork belly or a rich and gooey mac and cheese, it's nice to occasionally balance it out with foods more subtle and delicate, producing a much cleaner finish and leaving an overall sense of wellness rather than having a cloying aftertaste and feeling overstuffed.  Inaba offers a wide array of items that accomplishes just that so best to not arrive ravenously hungry and be sure to set your AYCE sushi cravings on the wayside when approaching this oasis of zen accompanied by the soothing tunes of their never-ending playlist of Beatles/Michael Jackson muzak.
5	I haven't seen what the one reviewer mentioned about the place being overrun with loud drunk people.Quite the opposite really.  But I'm always there before 10pm.  I'd say between 5pm and 10pm the place is very calm and quiet.The food is delicious and the service is impeccable.
5	When I get a craving for noodles, I-Naba is where I turn to.  I didn't grow up eating soba, and at first glance these dishes seem simple and expensive.  After trying soba noodles at other restaurants, I can say that I-Naba delivers the most balanced and satisfying soba dishes that I've tried.  Whether served cold or hot, in the summer or winter, I-Naba completely satisfies me in a way that few restaurants manage to do.Choosing your meal involves a few choices, none of which will disappoint you.  Decide on the type of dish (hot or cold), type of noodle (soba or udon), and if you want a combo or not.  Combos include several options to eat with your noodles, including tempura, sashimi, and a variety of vegetables.  Over summer I've come to enjoy the Ten Zaru Soba, a cold dish served with shrimp and vegetable tempura on the side (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/i-naba-las-vegas?select=iR40c0u-T28dF5_aA4Htfg#iR40c0u-T28dF5_aA4Htfg).  This winter I've enjoyed their hot soba with wakame (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/i-naba-las-vegas?select=zrLI3LFCQXXzkg8lHU2evw#zrLI3LFCQXXzkg8lHU2evw).  Their appetizers (stuffed calamari: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/i-naba-las-vegas?select=BW7UmU2wW-Vf-IWLmmW5Fg#BW7UmU2wW-Vf-IWLmmW5Fg) and desserts (Green Tea Trio Dessert: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/i-naba-las-vegas?select=QQJD57aa0OUiJUouhI4aFA#QQJD57aa0OUiJUouhI4aFA) are just as delicious as their entrees.Service is attentive and very polite.  The restaurant has a quieter ambiance, with cool string instrumentals of popular music playing in the background (I've heard Beatles and Canon in D).  I can see this restaurant not being everyone's cup of tea, but for me I-Naba consistently provides one of the most satisfying meals in town.
4	I've only been here once but their noodles are handmade and super fresh. I love the broth they use as well. Whenever I eat noodles I usually have headaches from the sodium levels but I haven't had any issues here. You should also try their green tea dessert tray. We ordered two cause it was that good.
4	After watching Ka at MGM Grand on Tuesday evening, we were hungry.  Since neither Debbie nor I have tried I-Naba, we decided to do so that evening at 9:15pm.  When we arrived, we were greeted by a friendly waitress.  I got the Ten Zaru Soba and Earl got the Niku Soba.We both agreed that mine was the better choice.  It was quite interactive.  Since it was my first time having soba that way, the waitress took the time to explain to me each item and how to eat them.  My cold soba was al dente, just the right amount of chewiness.  Afterward, the waitress gave me a small cup of broth, in which I can pour that into the mixture of wasabi and other liquid that I had mixed earlier to dip my soba into.Earl really wants to come back to try the tapas on the menu and frankly, so do I.  We will definitely visit I-Naba again.
4	came here with friend - ordered the beef udon simply delish - a bit pricey tho $9 but it's like a combo came with rice =] so that was good - excellent customer service - nice quiet setting
4	Thank you Lisa R for setting UYE at INaba! I never been here so was really looking forward too my first time. I was not disappointed at all. The hospitality the owners showed doing tasting menu for big group was class act (they even willing too do all separate checks for us). Showed me lot about there passion for their food!We started with tempura style salmon pieces believe not even part of the tasting menu. The first course was sashimi platter was AMAZING! By far my favorite course of the menu. Not only was the presentation elegant and modern but it tasted as great as it looked. The Umi, too spicy yellow tail tartar, traditional cuts of salmon, yellowtail, and tuna, the quail egg (unfortunately only one), and every flavor and texture on one plate. Second course Tempura course. We have lot of different things but most enjoyed was the tempura batter. I know every restaurant the batter consistency will vary but this one was beautiful. It was nice light, everything perfectly perfect coating, not greasy at all, and on point. Third course was grilled Black Cod with clams. The Black Cod was seared perfection with nice crust and the sauce combine with the clams over the top in butter sauce was divine. Fourth course Shabu Shabu. The broth was out of control GOOD. By the end after all the fresh seafood, and vegetables broth was sooo Ono. Last thing thing added was the Udon noodles out of control. The presentation with the ceramic looking base for the pot was very nice touch! Fifth course was the dessert! Even at the end everything was amazing! Two different kinds one owe crepe with green tea ice cream and some kind of sauce on top. Other one really enjoy more was red bean on bottom, think coffee ice cream on top, fresh cuts of fruit on top, and sauce over the top. It almost looked like fruit cup but at whole another level. Everything was tasty, presentations were top notch, and barely touching the menu. So look forward too coming back sooner then later.
5	Authentic Japanese food! They have great combos for udon/soba! Tuna bowl is to die for! Definitely coming back!
5	I came here for Lisa R.'s UYE event, and this place surpassed my expectations, even after hearing so much about it from her.  The food that they put out here was all delicious and just superbly presented, from the sashimi, to the hot pot, to the roast black cod.  I'm not a huge fish eater and yet I absolutely devoured everything they put in front of me.  The sashimi was impeccable, with great flavor and mouth feel, and the uni they served was really fresh and exploding with umami.  The black cod was like butter, no joke.  It was perfectly done and was just amazing, I could order it again and again.  They also have a nice selection of sake, beer, and wine, from all over.  Service was great, and as a nod to Lisa R., their Yuzu-limeade was delicious.  I will be going back again shortly.
5	their cold soba noodle with the dipping sauce is deliciousssss. i've tried their chirashi bowl and makerel and they're good too but it's the soba that i come here for. their cold soba taste really good and refreshing. the only down side is that it's hard for me to find someone to want to eat here with me :( i'm assuming it's because it's not your typical american cuisine - smothered in fat and grease haha
4	Serious soba!Freshly made.  Preservative free.  Perfectly cooked.  Delicious earthy taste finishing with a clean, starch flavor.Ordering is simple.  Soba or udon.  Cold or hot.  6' tall, size zero exotic with legs that go on forever or more to love, voluptuous beauty with curves in all the right places.  (Caught your attention huh?  I mean noodles only or combo) The cold (zaru) soba is the best dish.  The udon is unusually thin but flavorful.  Cold it has a chewy, heavy, mouth feel that becomes boring.  Hot, despite the flavorful broth, one dimensional in flavor.  The hot soba suffers the same fate.Eat the soba in its entirety before any side dish.  The proper way?  Add wasabi and scallion to the soba then dip it in the tsuyu.  Do not to dip the wasabi.  Slurp.  Repeat.  The goal is to enjoy the subtle differences between bites thanks to the randomness of wasabi / scallion "grab".  (I'm being serious).Little known fact: slurping is important as it provides comedy to everyone else at your table.  Little speckles of tsuyu on your face and shirt!  Starters / sides are straight forward.  The nasu agedashi (fried eggplant in dashi) is excellent. Not oily and incredibly flavorful as it sucks up the dashi.  Salmon eggs add the perfect salty, briny foil.  The kakuni (perfectly braised pork belly with its melting fat complimented by grated daikon) and the Battera (zesty, cured mackerel "sushi") are both worthy.An incredible addition to the Vegas Asian food scene.
3	I-Naba had been near the, if not atop my must try restaurants for quite some time now.  Unfortunately my friends and I, okay mostly my friends, tend to be creatures of habit and 100 check ins to Shabu Shabu Paradise and Bachi Burger combined later and I still had yet to try these noodles I'd fantasized about ever since watching Anthony Bourdain eating them on some snowy mountain in Japan (yes I had fantasies based upon another man slurping noodles.   Deal with it)Well a month or so ago I finally got my chance to make fantasy reality.  My friend that accompanied me was excited to see they had Asahi Black as a beer option, and seeing someone excited by default makes me excited.   We continued the excitement with an order of excellently prepared edamame.  So far so good.   There was so much I wanted to try on the menu but because it was cold outside I decided to go with the ten kake hot soba noodles with tempura on the side.  I felt the same sense of excitement as I did from when I was in middle school and snuck into the discount theater by my house to watch Basic Instinct.  BRING ME THE GOOD STUFF.   Finally the noodles arrived, and within seconds I was getting down with noodles like Sharon Stone.  Unfortunately that's when the excitement stopped.  I'm not going to discount all of my well respected elites and non-elites who love these noodles, nor the tastes of heroes of mine like Anthony Bourdain or Anthony M of Yelp, but I guess I simply don't get it.  The soba noodles just tasted like anything else I've ever had made of buckwheat, and the broth, while soothing as all soup broth is to me, was just too subtle for my liking.   It's quite possible that's the point, that maybe it provides a level of elegance that my tastebuds either just that day or in general might lack a craving for.  I much found myself yearning for a rich ramen broth instead.  I thought the veggie tempura tasted fairly standard, which is to say they were tasty, but they didn't seem fresh out the deep fryer, which is to say they were a little cold.   Service was extremely friendly throughout, and I thought the pricepoint was extremely reasonable.  Buckwheat disappointment notwithstanding, i-naba certainly deserves a retry from me to explore their other options, many of which sound promising.  I went in expecting Basic Instinct, but left with Sliver (first yelp review in history mentioning both of these movies at once?   You're welcome)
4	The Ten Zaru &Tempura was delicious.X) The pork belly was good also.
5	I have a confession to make. Before visiting I-Naba, I hadn't eaten soba noodles in nearly two years...I've been thinking (but not really trying to look for) about finding places to eat soba in Vegas so when I heard good things about I-Naba, I decided to drop in for lunch.It's a cute and casual little place that's easy to find, on the corner of Desert Inn and Decatur. There are potted plants lining the outside and scattered throughout the inside, which makes it seem very natural and neighborhood-friendly. The way tables were set up was very eclectic, lacking that straight-line formation most restaurants use.The waitress was very helpful and friendly. I particularly appreciated the fact that she didn't judge me for smelling everything and just seemed to be amused by my quirks. Thank you, kind waitress. I tipped you well.The menu is simple and there are neat little info cards on all the tables describing the nutritional value and components of soba noodles. Now this is what I'm talking about! Love it so much.I could describe every aspect of I-Naba word-for-word...Except the soba noodles. I can't quite describe it. All I can say is that the noodles are perfectly firm and the dipping broth is mild but somehow maintains its flavor. I got the batteru combo so it came with cold soba and four pieces of pressed mackerel sushi. I normally don't like mackerel but this was just so soft and delicious.When I finished my meal, the waitress gave me sobayu (the water used to cook the soba) which you mix with the dipping broth and drink it as soup. The sobayu on its own smelled very sweet and fragrant. I literally sat there and inhaled the steam for a good few minutes (this is where the waitress seemed amused). The resulting soup was all kinds of amazing. Leaving I-Naba, I felt full but not overly full like I usually do after eating at a restaurant. What a refreshing change.
4	Ugly looking on the outside, but a nicer looking inside.  Worth trying to find the place.  The yabenaki udon had excellent broth, as well as "stuff".  The menu isn't too hard to get through, but the selection is very broad.  Prices are very reasonable for the quality and amount of food you get.  The raw fish items were very fresh and beautifully plated.
4	What a gem of a soba noodle shop!  I couldn't believe that this place wasn't packed on a Saturday night.   Excellent soba shop.  The tempura was light and crispy and left no greasy aftertaste. Definitely a gem and excellent value.
5	SOBA NOODLES!!!I am not an outright soba expert, just a foodie that loves good noodles.  That being said I love the soba noodles at I-Naba!  I have been to a half-dozen places in Vegas and Southern California for soba, and I-Naba is my favorite!Cold noodles are a refined craving to be sure.  But as I sit in paradise 3 weeks after leaving Vegas for the summer what I am craving more than anything is I-Naba soba noodles.  Some would liken it to crack.  They are just junkies!  This is such a deeper, more fundamental craving.  This is a spandex to the figure-skater kind of essential craving!They also offer some tasting menus, and other Japanese dishes...and as much as I want to branch out I keep coming back for the noodles.Come here for incredible soba noodles!Come here for elevator-musac versions of Beatles tunes!Come here for friendly service and spot on pricing!
4	First cold soba noodles experience- and it was good!I ordered the Ten ZaruIt came with cold soba noodles with some seaweed. You dipped it into this sauce (high concentrated broth) and it was delicious! The texture was similar to al dente of pasta. The broth was savory! You can add wasabi/green onions to your sauce.With that order, it came with soy sauce seasoned rice, which was okay to me.. Not a fan of the rice. But the shrimp and vegetable tempura were really good! Probably one of the best tempuras I've ever had. It was so fresh, the batter wasn't overdone or floury. Also, it came with a side of curry flavored salt and green tea flavored salt for your tempura.. that was a first, I really liked it!The meal was really good. I was able to eat it all and be satisfied... so for people with larger appetites, like men, you might have to order more!The location is in Chinatown in this older plaza. All the workers have really great mannerism and was very attentive to us. I definitely recommend it!
5	It was hot today.  Therefore I was in no mood for ramen.  This kind of weather calls for only one thing....Soba!I was really not sure how this place would do going into such a niche market, not to mention the terrible invisible location in the strip mall, but this place seems to be busy enough every time I get here.  Why? because they serve authentic food and it's GOOD!I actually had agedashi dofu for the first time and it was very very good. Proper dashi and sort of a crunchy outside texture tofu with nice soft texture inside.  I loved it.  Battera or, pressed vinegared mackerel sushi here is always consistent and good and a must have.  Zaru soba is the way to go here for me personally as I'm not very fond of warm soba or udon for that matter.  All in all, still consistently good, and it satisfies my craving for something cold, simple, and authentic on a hot day like today.  Along with Kabuto, this is one of the MOST authentic japanese restaurants in town, and I'm happy that they are doing well.
5	Never been to a japenese noodle house and I was amazed with the flavors here.  I got the nightly special but substituted the black cod for a starter.  The black cod was great salty and sweet.  It also came with a couple of clams but could have used a few more of them.  The came a seafood udon, shrimp, squid, scallop, and salmon along with some veggies.  Excellent broth gotta learn how to make udon.  The only complaint on the whole meal is there were not enough noodles
5	Living here in Vegas, a good place off-Strip is hard to find.  I came across I-Naba looking for a good lunch restaurant on Yelp.  It got good reviews so I decided to go here.  Very nice atmosphere = quiet and peaceful.  Food = GREAT noodles.  Customer service was WONDERFUL - staff was kind and attentive.  I will definitely be going back.
4	Authentic Japanese restaurant indeed. I had no clue how to eat certain dishes we ordered. Rarely would I have no clue on how to eat something too.-Zuke Tororo (marinated tuna with mountain yam and quail egg)- yum! refreshing and beautiful! I was impressed.-Kakuni (braised pork belly)- tasty! I love the sauce that coated the pork belly and carrots!-Ten Zaru (cold soba with tempura on the side)- I heard it was really good on a hot day. The dipping sauce is cool and really compliments the soba noodles. They give you hot water at the end to turn the dipping sauce into broth.-Ten Kake (hot soba with soup and tempura on the side)- the broth was a little salty but overall good. I think I would order the cold soba next time. The tempura was okay- the batter was a little tough, not the soft kind of crispy.
5	We keep coming back. What makes this place fun and unique is that they change they're in house special monthly. So it's always different.  Prices use they're a bit expensive but it makes up for the service and quality of the food. We enjoy it a lot. The soba noodles here are pretty good.
5	Great, I loved the food. A place to go to for sure off the strip.Got the Salad and Katsu Don Udon Noodle Combo.The Salad was really good, wish I had more of it.Katsu Don Udon was delicious, the texture was excellent.I had the Udon Noodle and it was alrite.I'll have to try the Soba Noodle next time though for sure, because my friends loved it.
5	This hidden little gem among the rat race of Vegas is a must. A true Japanese eatery that prepares fresh made tasty items. Nothing is rushed and the presentation is traditional. Came for lunch and started with tempura squid that was stuffed with some nice veggies. Also included was Japanese eggplant as well. Tradition dipping sauce and Japanese mayo accompanied this tasty appetizer. The tempura was prefect, not over battered and  had the perfect crunch. I had the lunch special which was chicken oyako don and your choice of either soba or udon served hot or cold. Went for the cold soba which was outstanding and prefect for the hot day outside. Potion sizes are perfect and the prices are very well in line for a restaurant located off the strip. This is a must and you will not be disappointed. Will be back again.
5	B est hand made soba in Town. Delicious broth. Not great shopping plaza. But oishii yo. Prices are okay. Service is great. LA grown and bred. Love to go here.
5	Wow, ate here again tonight and the food was outstanding. Had the miso glazed black cod as an appetizer. 3 small little gems glazed with miso served in a bowl with some small clams, mushrooms and veggies. I have traveled all over the US. I have dined in fine upscale places and dives along the way. The service and the quality of food is so much better then what you will find along the strip.
4	Tucked away in a little hole on Desert Inn, I am a fan of I-Naba.  The cold noodle was the right fix in the heat of the summer in the middle of the desert.  I will definitely return to I-Naba to try different things on the menu.
5	I find myself craving I-naba's soba all the time. I love this place!!!!!Soba noodles are thin, spaghetti-like noodles made from buckwheat, which makes soba noodles protein-rich and full of vitamins...which means ...no guilty conscience! I usually come by myself after the gym to have their zaru, which is just their plain soba noodles that is served with dipping sauce and a side of fried rice. Usually satiates my hunger right after a workout...but there are occasions where I have ordered a second order just because these noodles are that good! After finishing my noodles the server brought a cup of sobayu (the water that was used to cook the soba) to add to the remaining dipping sauce and drink like a soup. This "soup" is supposed to be very good for you and full of vitamins and nutrients from the noodles. On occasions I have taken friends here and tried other items on the menu and have not been disappointed by anything. The miso glazed black cod is great. They also have specials that are inserted into their menus. Service is great. I usually never have to ask for more tea or anything at all besides the check when I am ready for it. They are very attentive. The price in my opinion is fairly cheap for the quality and service that you get. Inaba is a gem...YOU MUST TRY.**** Please notice their hours of operation. They have an off time in between lunch and dinner( 3-5:30 ). I've carelessly driven to I-naba during these hours multiple times:P Hours of operation:Mon-Tue, Thu-Sat 11:30 am - 3 pmMon-Tue, Thu-Sat 5:30 pm - 10 pmSun 11:30 am - 5 pm
4	Great place to try out. Visited 3 times this week because of the attention to detail when it comes to the food. I do not care about service if the food is good. To me it's all about the food and the taste. If your a real foodie and have worked in a restaurant, then you know the hiccups that can happen. This place reminds me of Raku without the high price tag. The food is very balanced and even with their small selection of food, what they produce is very tasty. The soba on the other hand is slightly too firm for my taste. Others might like it like that consistency but I am use to al dente pasta consistency. Other than that I think the food is that memorable to come back time and time again.
5	Very few places require only a few words this is one of them.Delish. Outstanding service. Planning my next visit. No need to ask whats good. Its all good!
4	It takes a lot for me to commit to cold soup, but I had to give it a shot after my friend told me about this place.Apparently soba noodles are really good for you. Or so says the information card that's set right on the table that breaks down the ingredients and benefits of the soba noodle.The decor of the restaurant was very simple and elegant. Sadly, the restaurant was empty but our waitress was very cheery and attentive.I got the soba noodles with shrimp tempura and I thoroughly enjoyed every last bit of it. Soup is like my thing, but cold soup? Meh. Not so much. But nonetheless, it is perfect for a sweltering summa day.Not to mention, their homemade yuzu sorbet was UHHHH-mazing!
5	Everything on the menu is authentic Japanese food, served the traditional way. I actually had a small dish of matcha and curry salt served with tempura. Noodles are made daily and sashimi was amazing. For the amount of food they serve, I think it's fairly inexpensive.
1	Came here after reading reviews.  It looked promising.  After waiting for over an hour to have our food served I had high expectations.  My kids udon was good, not great, but mine was disappointing.  Fishy and salty. My husband's vegetable tempura udon was the best of all of the soups. Service was so slow that our appetizers came out after our main dishes. After asking our waiter he said they are making it now.  Wow really!!!  I should have noticed earlier that a party of 4 that was seated after us got up and left after about 20 minutes after no one came to take their order.  Needless to say I will not be back.BTW...my kids pointed out that it took them over 10 minutes just to give us our check.
1	We were hungry and we were craving some Japanese food. Used my handy dandy Yelp mobile app to locate a nearby place to eat. I-Naba seemed to have good reviews. It's located in a small plaza with a small parking lot. It was probably a sign for us to leave when it took them 20 minutes just to seat us - it really wasn't that busy there were 3 empty tables when we arrived. Is it so hard to just say, "welcome please have a seat here"? We could've just seated ourselves really. It took over an HOUR for the food to be served. How long could it possibly take to whip up some cold soba noodles and tempura? Ridiculous. By the time we got our food we couldn't even enjoy it. Waste of time!! I don't know how this place has such good ratings. I agree that the food is authentic and healthy etc. But the service and wait time alone is not worth it.
4	CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN: People eat here!  They have reasonably-priced go-to meals to satisfy you for lunch, a casual date or a hangover binge.  Real good stuff in pretty packages.THE MEAT: The place is low-key, and probably looks much better at night.  They have a chiller stocked with sake and friendly Japanese servers.  They placed a plastic kiddie bowl and spork in front of my son.  Cute.  But I wish more of these places served fruit juice for the little ones.  We settled for the Yuzu limeade.  It was good, but for my taste a little too sweet and tangy (it made my jaw tingle and think of a concentrate).  The salmon oshizushi was tasty, the rice may be thick but the salty cured fish and eggs balance it out.  Hubby and I go gaga for any Jap sesame dressing on salad, I love the fact that their tempura sauce comes with grated radish, their half bowl udon kake was substantial and very good, and finally their Katsu-Don (pork on rice with egg) was excellent.  We were happy stuffed.  The few items we were not so pleased with was the Kakuni, braised pork belly (the cut was surprisingly lean and just missed the mark of pork belly fatty orgasm) and the Zuke Tororo, marinated tuna and grated yam (instead or slices of tuna, we had a tartare next to a bed weird slimy and not very pleasant tasting tororo).  Next time we'll try the other small plates, with sake and... dessert.  Definitely dessert.I'M STILL DIGESTING... that slimy tororo.  It reminded me of... coarse Elmer's glue.
5	Can't get much better than this place when it comes to Soba!Hands down the best place if you're looking for authentic Japanese soba or udon. Inaba specializes in these dishes. They make their noodles fresh everyday, so you can imagine how soft and fresh these are in their exquisite broths. Yes they do have both cold and hot selections. Making it a perfect spot on a hot summers day for Zaru soba or a cold winters day for Niku soba. Also look out for specials which are an insert in the regular menu. My only critique is that they are closed on Wednesday!
4	Was a cold, winter's day on the Mount,Spending some time giving back,Twenties or thirties by count,But good company it never did lack.A chill had settled in our bonesAnd a hunger had grown in our gut,I-Naba was locked in our phonesTo free us from our ravenous glut.Fine noodles were the choice of the day,Some took the cold, some the hot,In a broth that could chase blues away,In a bowl, on a plate or a pot.A friend who was eager to help,Helped me pick out the best Naba plate.Her passion for all that is Yelp,Gave her insight to all that is great.The Soba to me was unknown,But delightful I found it to be,As my love of this fare is just grown,I can't wait for what next I will see.For wherever your hunger be found,Be it small, just a bit or a lotta,I would bother to say come aroundAnd sample the fare at I-Naba.
4	Positives:This restaurant serves the best Udon noodles, I went to this restaurant with couple of yelp friends. The food is excellent, it was my first time at this restaurant, so I ordered what I consider to be the best type of noodles, Udon. Its thick and it absorbs more flavor of broth between each string of noodle. I ended up getting their seafood noodles, which had clams, shrimp, salmon (bit over cooked), and fish eggs. The broth was had the right amount of salt and spices. They also serve cold noodle dishes, but if you are going their in winter then i would go for the hot ones. Negatives:Service could use some improvements, some of the cutlery was not cleaned properly and tea they served was barely warm.
5	This is a great Japanese soba restaurant.  I don't understand why this place is often always empty, but the food is great.  I've been a couple of times now, and their dinner hot pot special with seafood has been excellent.  And their hot soba soups are also very good.  On top of that, this place is great for people dining on a budget.  You can get an excellent dinner for about $10.  Happy hour beers are $2 per beer.  You really can't get cheaper than this from a high quality Japanese restaurant. My only critique is that I've tried to go back several times, and sometimes they are closed just randomly.  Like on Sunday evenings?  Call ahead to make sure they are open.
5	Delicious soba noodles and seriously authentic Japanese flavors. So good! And the limeade was fantastic.
4	Nice surprise! Good service, clean restaurant, noodles and pork belly were well done. Yuzu lemonade was great. We will be back
2	Food was decent but service was really slow and there were only one other table who had already finished eating. While everyone got their food, two did not and did not receive their food until everyone was done. The table next to us was extremely loud, in a small area only to discover it was either the owner or manager. Don't think we will return.
5	I discovered I-naba maybe in May of 2013, not quite sure the exact date but nevertheless, I love this place.  Every time I am in Vegas I have to come eat here.  5 stars for the food.  I love their soba, it's delicious whether you get it hot or cold and their udon is good too.  I mean who doesn't love a good soupy dish when you're nursing a Vegas hangover?  Their salads that they give you before the meal is really good too.  I love the sesame dressing and unlike other Japanese places, all the times I have been here the lettuce was never wilted and the salad was always fresh.  You know when you go into a restaurant you can obviously tell when their salads been sitting there and they try to cover it up with dressing?  Yeah, never at I-naba.  Their combination specialities that they have on a separate  piece of paper when they give you the menu  are probably your best choice.  It comes with salad, choice of udon or soba, hot or cold and an entree.  So far I haven't had anything bad here.  I love it and force everyone that comes with me to Vegas to eat here.
5	Posh and neo-Japanese inside. I just made up a word. Let's assume it means "an eloquent mix of modern furnishings, pleasantly dim mood lighting, and the Yoshida Bros"Me gusta.*Ordered the Mountain Veggie & Ground Yam Udon.Wow.Hits the freakin spot. Which, as everyone knows, is at least 2-3 times harder than just hitting the spot. Truth. Probably.Soup base is nice and flavorful without being overly salty or overwhelming.Nice balance with the noodles which were cooked to perfection and pleasantly chewy.It's hard finding dishes this subtle that leave such a big impact.(Tried to think of a double entendre for that one. No dice. Next time, Yelp)I like it a lot here. We need one of these in San Diego.**PROTIP**The ground yam paste (the white pasty stuff...made of yam...which has been pounded into a paste-like consistency, from yams, which, I've been told, are transformed into a white paste via pounding yams.) can go in either your rice or your broth.I'm not a huge fan of mushy things.If you aren't either, just put in all into your soup and give it a good stir.Dat depth of flavor.--------------------------------------------------------*Spanish for "the fiscal castle scintillates menacingly from atop it's rocky precipice".
5	Yum.This is another great noodle place in Vegas.  Lovely Soba noodles.  Hot and Cold.Lovely appetizers.
5	Ate here with my friend last night and loved it!!We went around 6:30-7:00p; the restaurant was not packed at all so we walked right in with no reservations.I ordered the unagi-don with a yuzu limeade and both were delicious! The meal came with a salad as well. My friend ordered the salmon-don and she said it was delicious!Fast service and the waitress was friendly. There's lots of parking available because this place is located in a shopping complex. Definitely coming back again to try their other food items. Very affordable too!!
2	Sorry guys, didn't do much for me here.Besides the amazing Yuzu Limeade, I didn't enjoy much of the rest of my meal.Yuzu Limeade ($2.50): Made in-house with Mint and Lime. This is very good! Tart, and tasty...makes my mouth water thinking about it!I ordered the Katsu-Don ($9): Breaded Pork Cutlet over Rice. This has a TON of RAW EGG and onion in here. The egg makes the pork soggy and leaves a bit of an odd taste...and every bite has raw ONION in it.  Gross!I paid the extra $4 for some Soba Noodles since they were recommended to me. These were just ok...I don't understand the hype here. The broth is a bit boring, and the noodles didn't do much for me personally.I tried some of Eva's Agedashi Tofu ($5): Tofu in Dashi Broth with Grated Daikon Radish. Pretty good, and I am not really a fan of tofu. The broth helps out a lot here. Can't say I will be back, but it seems like most others enjoy their food here, so you probably will too.  I'd just recommend staying away from their Katsu...there are MUCH better choices in town.
5	One of the best Japanese restaurants in LV.  A gem near china town. I've been here multiple times. Everything is high quality an meticulously crafted. Sashimi bowls are delicious and healthy, Most of the time I go for the Chirashi bowl, with assorted sashimi. Add half portion of soba noodles and you got yourself a very complete meal. Try Battera as appetizer.  Outstanding. Love this place!
4	I love there cold soba! They have the best soba in Vegas. They have great portions and if you don't like soba, you can always ask for udon.  The only problem I have with I-Naba is that it has really odd hours. In the middle of the day they are closed.. Why do you do this to me I-Naba :(
4	I thought this was a cute little place and I can imagine that this place gets busy during lunch time.  I came here with Jesse N.  after our night at Cirque.  We were a bit lost so key thing is that they are in the Smith's shopping center.  Luckily, when we had arrived, it was not busy.  We were happily greeted and seated quickly.  I was excited that they had black cod on the appetizer menu, but that smile quickly disappeared when they told me they were already out.  Siiiiigh. Okay, well I then went with the Agedashi Tofu.  It was tasty and enough to share with my other half.  I totally slurped it all up.  For my main course I got the Salmon and Ikura Don with a side of Zaru Soba.  I was quite pleased with the portion.  If you are from Hawaii and ate at Gyotaku, its like their bento combos.  You get a big portion of salad, your don, and adding on the Zaru Soba you won't leave hungry.  Well I'm one to not say no to dessert so we did have the animitsu.  That was good, but I need to try this coconut ice cream.  Oh yah, I love the Yuzu, so when I saw Yuzu Limeade on the menu, I was stoked.  You either love it or hate it, but I was one to definitely say that the Yuzu Limeade was Legit!
5	There's no post-meal guilt here; satisfaction all the way. The noodles come with more food than I can eat, but that just means a better variety for whomever I've with (I'm a charitable meal partner, what can I say? "Try this! Eat half of it!"). The vegetable ten zaru soba, along with the soba noodles and sauce (accompanied with green onions and wasabi), comes on a neat little tray with a bowl of rice and a varied tempura with dipping sauce and salts. It's not always guaranteed you'll be served the nutritious soba broth to pour into the sauce afterwards, but when you do, it's a nice extra treat. Consider it your lucky day if you want.I'm also a fan of the yuzu limeade (in its entire citrus-y glow and fresh tastes), the satsuma-age (fried fish cake), and the chawanmushi (super comforting steamed egg custard). I've heard many compliments on the kakuni (braised pork belly), and how it can be savored alone or with a bowl of rice, but I'll leave that to those who are more fond of meat than I am.
4	Good place for lunch, there soba is delicious I had it with fried tempura, also the braised pork belly was tender.... The place is really small but it's nice
5	Here's little known wisdom: Soba restaurants usually have the best tempura.I don't know why, but part of the reason might be because of the soba's simplicity and subtleties, that requires the companion that comes with it to create a deep contrast.Inaba is no exception. Their ten-zaru (cold soba with tempura) is the best, but their ten-don (tempura rice bowl) is a must try if you haven't.What's more, Inaba has Wappa-meshi, which is a traditional Tohoku / Hokuriku cuisine. I tried beef / salmon / unagi and they were all good!The best part? They aren't expensive. I wouldn't complain if I had to have every meal here, everyday!
5	I love this place so much.  Never tried cold soba noodles, but now I'm a fan.  Pretty presentation.  Tried the mountain yams for the first time here. That was reaaaallly interesting.  If you're thinking it's your average starchy, fluffy yam--it's not, but it you're down for being adventurous--this is right up your alley.  I always get the Ten Iso Cold Soba (never with Udon--because that's for Hot Soups).  Ten Iso comes with fresh hot shrimp/vegetable tempura and a delicious cold broth.  Perfect for a hot summer's day.
5	Updating!!I LOVE this place so much!!!  It's one of my favorite places.Even after countless visits throughout the two-ish years I have been coming here I have left satisfied each and every time.  It has become a Vegas tradition for me to come here every time I go to Vegas and drag whoever else is with me on that trip here.  The food is always great and very light and refreshing and the service is always, always on point.  After trying a few more things on their menu I can say with greater certainty that I love this place.  I never left feeling icky or bloated which is good because I mean, it's Vegas.  You already feel like crap because of the 100+ degree weather.  I love their soba.  I have had it cold and dipping form.  You cannot go wrong either way, it is so delicious.  Their udon is delicious too, I think it is cause of their broth.  So flavorful but not too overdone.Their prices are fair, for the quality.  I got the stuffed calamari and it was good because the breading was not too thick.  I could not figure out how it was stuffed though.  Their unagi was so good, nice and thick pieces that did tasted amazing.  I am craving more of it now, sad that I have to drive so far for it. They have a location in Torrance that I've heard is just as good but even then Torrance is quite a drive for me.  It is in an odd little location that you probably would completely miss unless you were looking for it.  I cannot wait to come back!
5	I-Naba was always on my list of new restaurants to try out. We finally made it out here last weekend. It was a hot and humid day here in Vegas and eating cold soba seemed like the right thing to do! We arrived shortly after they opened for lunch. We were seated right away and there were only 2 other parties in the restaurant. They have a simple 2-page menu. I ordered the cold Zaru Soba. My husband ordered the same along with a Katsu-Don. The soba noodles were thin and cooked perfectly (not too hard, not too soft). The dipping sauce was refreshing and made just right, not very salty, but not bland either. They were sooo good that I wish the portion size was bigger, but I guess you can't go wrong for $8. If you are looking to eat light, this is definitely a good place! My husband liked the soba as well. He liked the Katsu-Don, but they did put a lot of green onions in it. Ewww. We were disappointed that they no longer had the "Green Tea Trio" for dessert. Our server told us that they had it a long time ago, when they had a chef dedicated to only making desserts. But not anymore. :( So I ordered the green tea ice cream and my husband ordered the Shiratama Anmitsu. Normally I don't really care for green tea ice cream, but this one was actually very good. The green tea flavor wasn't overpowering like how it usually is everywhere else. It was light and tasted more like a sorbet. I like how most of their food is freshly made in-house. The servers were very polite, friendly and attentive as well. I think the only bad thing about this place is their hours. I never understood why restaurants would want to close for a few hours between lunch and dinner. That is serious business that is being turned away, LOL! Regardless, I will try to be back more often for sure.
5	Rice bowl with half soba is great value! You can change soba to full portion. Tempura was crispy and they use traditional veggies such as Kabocha squash and green beans.Fried eggplant with broth and mackerel nanban zuke, fried mackerel pieces/ onion and carrot marinade in sweet / sour sauce, were also authentic and good!
4	I-naba is probably my first real Japanese restaurant I had dined in. I say this because many Japanese restaurants are not run by Japanese cooks and owners. The feel, the Japanese language spoken between the server and cook, and the way the food was prepared all brought out the authentic Japanese experience for me.
5	A wonderful lunch getaway while in Vegas for a conference or wedding. Super nice staff and great food.
4	A nice little Japanese restaurant tucked away in a strip mall off the strip.  We almost missed it because when we glanced at their sign we saw "Nana" instead of the "Naba" right underneath it... talk about confusing!The restaurant is pretty small.  We got there around dinner time and it wasn't packed at all.  The bathrooms were very clean, which was nice to see after a 3.5 hour drive.My boyfriend and I both ordered soba.  He ordered the Ten Zaru Soba and I ordered the Zaru Soba.  I was really excited to try this place because of all the good reviews.  It was good, but it definitely wasn't the best soba I've had :(  I really thought it was going it be, but the dipping sauce did not have a strong enough flavor for my taste.  Next time I got back, I would really like to try the Battera.  We tried to order it this time around, but they recommended that we don't to-go it because it's sushi and the weather was too hott for us to attempt to take it back with us.
4	Authentic and delicious. During a hot Vegas trip, we came here for lunch hoping to cool off. Cold soba noodles with fresh & crispy tempura accompanied by ice cold tea! Peter got cold udon and it was deeeeeeeelish! Nom nom nom! Great service as well!
3	This place will get a 3.5 stars from me, with some reservations. The problem from my point of view is there are a lot of inconsistencies everywhere. I've been here quite a few times. This place reminds me of places like Ichiza, meaning, I-naba has components of a dish that are really good, but in the same dish, a lot of the components are really lacking. While I think that they are doing something different that's kinda unique here, it really didn't blow me away like I feel it should have.Nabeyaki udon - they made it with these really thick udon noodles which I never had before, and I thought that it was different, but really didn't do anything for me. I wish there were more vegetables like carrots and mushrooms. They did put in a tempura kabocha, but it was undercooked. The shrimp tempera was cooked really well and and had a light, crisp batter. The soft boiled egg was cooked nicely. The broth was ok, just a bit too sweet for my taste. I thought for $12 bucks it was a little too pricey for what I received.I have been here and tried their yakisoba, and while the soba noodles are a lot different than what I have had in the past, it didn't really do anything for me.Service wasn't really that great. We had to share menus. Is it really that hard to order more menu cases and print out some more menus? I guess so. She also didn't know who ordered what. Maybe the kitchen gets confused as well. But, we came in a really big group, so maybe they aren't accustomed to that. Or she's new. There are usually a lot more questions than there are answers.But, food wise, it's ok. I don't really know if I would come back here. It could be that this type of food doesn't really fit my style. I prefer bigger, simpler, and bolder flavors. Too much subtlety with food, IMO, is kinda irritating, in my book. :D
1	Came on a Saturday afternoon. 1:40p... it took them over 45 mins to get my cold soba and salmon sashimi dish. . Im still here waiting and at this point I don't think I will come back.  Slow service
3	Cozy restaurant, decent quality, but it just didn't wow me, sorry.BATTERA: lightly cured mackerel served nigiri-style over rice. Tasty, reminds me of Eastern European herring dishes. $8TEMPURA: light breading, good variety of veggies, nice dipping sauce, maybe a little overpriced at $7 for a 6-piece order but I'd get it again.ZARU SOBA: plain chilled soba noodles, supposed to be served with a dipping sauce that was missing from my order. Call me a basic white bitch all you want, but I didn't get the hype. $7Intimate location, diverse menu. I'll be coming back to try soups and the udon.
4	Another Vegas gem in an unassuming strip mall. What make's it more confusing is "NaNa" is prominently featured on the outside sign. This place hasn't been getting too much Yelp love lately, but it really is one of my favorite Vegas niche spots. It's very peaceful inside and I like their music choices (especially the Japanese instrumental songs which I've found myself trying to Shazam). I've never had soba before, so even though I read other people's reviews, I was still a bit confused the first time I went here, e.g. "What do you mean I dip the noodles in the broth!?!? And what is this about drinking the hot water the soba is cooked in?!" I did grow to love it though. The tempura here is done very well, never oily and goes really well with their tempura sauce. The eggplant miso dish is an appetizer I always try to get. The Yuzu limeade is perfectly tart and lip-smackingly enjoyable - it's always something I have to savor when I eat her. My husband is always changing up his order and checking out the evening specials, but I prefer getting the cold soba noodles, there's just something about the dish that makes me feel clean, balanced, and satisfied, especially during those hot Vegas days.
1	Can they please hire an extra server?  How is it that one lady is the hostess, cashier, and server?  So annoying because the food was good.  Please let's not be cheap and hire more workers.
5	Maybe it was the relief of leaving the 34 degree desert from a long day of climbing, but I-Naba might be my favorite Japanese restaurant of all time.As with most things in Vegas, it is located in a sort of weird strip mall area but once you get past that, all is well.The service was very attentive and friendly.  The agedashi tofu was delicious and the house made noodles were perfect.  Luckily my climbing partners were having a hard time finishing there giant meals so I got to pig out on their leftovers.  I tried cold soba, fresh tempura, udon, ramen, it was all delicious.If you are anywhere within a 20 mile radius you gotta make the trip to I-Naba.
2	Boring and lacks in flavor. Maybe my tongue is too salty for this place. Who knows. I been wanting to try cold soba for so long and a found this place. It's near a random area and hard to find cause the sign saids "NaNa". Anyways, we ordered: Kake: Udon with broth. It wasn't even hot. It was actually just little less than warm. The noodles were a little thicker than usual and I swear there was only 15 strings of noodles. The broth was seriously lacking in favor. Maybe I'm more into bolder flavors but honestly it needed to be a little more salter. Zaru: Cold Soba. Disappointment. It was so boring and felt like I was dipping into store bought premade dipping sauce. It felt watered down and honestly didn't taste like much! Katsu Don: Pork over rice. Whatever. I only took a couple bites and was done with it. It needed Katsu sauce to make it a little more somewhat exciting. My favorite was sadly the salad.I guess back to searching for cold soba!
