5	This place is elegant, with attentive service and excellent food. Meals come in courses, so while the price seems steep at first, you actually receive a very large amount of food for your cost, all of it well prepared. Would recommend the chicken kabob. Absolutely a great place for a nicer meal out with family, friends or a date!
5	I am so happy that they have a Moroccan restaurant close to me! We had a very pleasant experience here :) The decorations were great and the seats are comfortable. We had their tea, favas salad, baked fish, lamb, panna cotta, and pastilla. The food was very flavorful and the presentation of it wonderful! The portions were neither too large nor too small, I left feeling satisfied . The staff were all wonderful and they were all Moroccan so you knew the food was authentic. They also have belly dancing! This restaurant is a must try!
5	GREAT FOOD and comfy and beatiful ethnic interior decoration!!!This restaurant brought me the feeling like I am traveling to Morocco.  I was so excited to find out here in Las Vegas, we are able to find this much of great and creative and beautiful food.  My friend love pastilla, and I love calamari steak and panacotta.  I also love Salmon, which was Chef's special, not on the menu yet, so much too!!!  Sure, we come again and again!
5	We found this lovely spot on Yelp under the hot new businesses. I'm a fan of middle eastern, so my parents, husband, son and I went tonight. First off, this is not your run of the mill middle eastern food. Some of the spices are similar, but here the flavors are ramped up - truly delicious!We started with the "spreads" appetizer and selection of salads. Even the pita bread was perfectly done. We then had the Chicken Tagine, Baked Fish, Beef shortribs and and shrimp skewers. Everything was flavorful to the max and perfectly cooked. They are still working out some kinks (brought out the wrong glass of wine the first time), but when I asked they immediately corrected the issue. The wait staff was attentive and all the food came out exactly as ordered, hot and fresh.This is the definition of 5 star cuisine. We will absolutely be back.
4	first visit to argana and I liked everything about it.  I have never given a 5 star review and I rarely give 4 star reviews.  we started with the spreads and pita.  the olive spread was excellent.  also shared a chicken pastille with nuts.  at first I thought it was a little dry but the more I ate it, the more I was addicted to it.  for dinner I had the chicken tagine.  I would have liked just one more potato wedge but it was one of the best chicken dishes, of any cuisine, that I have ever eaten.  I hope more people find this hidden gem.  it's the kind of business that makes vegas a great place to live.
5	Had a wonderful meal at this new restaurant.  My dining partner and I ordered the chicken brochette and the chicken tagine.  The brochette was like a shish kabob with pieces of chicken on two skewers.  The chicken was tender, perfectly cooked, juicy and had the most wonderful flavor from the marinade.  The brochette was served with rice and a stuffed tomato half which were both delicious.  The chicken tagine is like a stew of tender pieces of chicken with potatoes in a slightly spicy sauce.  Very tasty! The chef also sent out to our table a pastilla which is round baked phyllo pastry dough stuffed with chopped chicken, almonds and eggs and sprinkled with powdered sugar and cinnamon.  It may sound like a strange combination of entree and dessert, but the sweet and savory flavors went together so well, we finished it all.  The atmosphere is lovely and even better was the belly dancing performance.  We had a great time and had some wonderful food at a very reasonable price.  The restaurant is located on Sahara and Durango behind the Outback steakhouse.  I highly recommend giving this place a try.
5	Amazing dinner!  The calamari was the perfect start to our meal.  It was super fresh and had a little kick to it too.  We tried the Pastilla next, which was a great mix of sweet and savory.  The shrimp were perfectly cooked and served over these lovely beans.  The star of the evening was certainly the roasted Lamb.  It was tender and juicy and just melted in your mouth.  I'm not usually a Pana Cotta fan, but the topping on the Mint Tea Almond Panna Cotta had me scraping the dish.  The atmosphere was fun and they have a Belly Dancer for entertainment on the weekends.  The patio was very nice to enjoy an espresso after dinner or a cocktail.  Definitely a great find and I can't wait for my next visit!
5	This is the second time I have been to Argana. Since I loved it so much the first time, I took my husband to try it. And I must say that every time I go the food taste better and better!!! I had the Calamari Steak and that was my favorite, the seasoning on it is so good!!! IT'S A MUST TRY!! We also had shrimp kebab, and the famous Moroccan dish Beef Tagine with sweet prunes and almonds which flavors took me right back to my home country Morocco and brought back the great memories when my grandma would cook it for us!! It was that good!!!! The atmosphere was great and the decoration is so authentic.... The staff were friendly and helpful. The owner came to greet us, and made us feel so welcomed. This place is now one of my top restaurants to go to. I love to eat tasty yummy food and Argana definitely delivered that.... Ohh and don't forget to get their Panna Cotta!!!! It's one of the best desert I have had so far!
4	Wonderful, authentic Moroccan food in a comfortable restaurant and good service. I went when they first opened and was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was. Proper mint tea accompanied the meal. It has a family restaurant feeling, good for a relaxed dinner off the strip. Since much of what they make takes tons of time to make at home, you can bet I will be coming here insteAd of slaving away in my own kitchen! My favorites are the chicken pasdilla, beef tagine, beef short ribs, couscous, hummus. They do a chefs tasting menu which is amazing and also good to do if you are not as familiar with middle eastern food. Love this place!
4	We went there a few weeks after they opened I have to say the food was really good. It's nicely decorated and very comfortable. Nice date night restaurant. The service was great!!! Why doesn't very place have service like this! Definitely will be back soon!
5	This is very authentic the flavors are spot on it was as if I had prepared the food myself!! The service was great.  This is a place we will revisit again and again.  If you enjoy the flavors of Morocco then this is a place for you to go.
5	No connoisseur of Moroccan food I was blown away by this place.  Got no pics or even dish names but it was all great from the Moroccan wine and tea thru lamb sausage and a unique calamari. Ambience & service pleasant & of good standard.
5	Amazing amazing amazing!!!!! The food is 5 star, the service is fabulous and the belly dancer was great!! We ordered the calamari steak, Swiss chard and the beef short ribs. All were delicious especially the Swiss chard. I wish I had picture to share but we ate it all too fast!
5	Authentic Moroccan food. This place is truly unique to Las Vegas as we do not have another Moroccan restaurant here, (Marrakech is faux Moroccan, sorry). This place is tucked away in a strip mall behind Outback, little difficult to find if you're not familiar with this center. We started out with a bottle of Moroccan wine, not on the menu, but just ask, it was really good, if you like Cabs, you will like this wine. Ameen, our waiter had suggested we start out with the Calamari Steak appetizer as well as the Pastilla. The presentation of both was so pretty, I didn't want to ruin it by eating it! The Calamari was so tender and soft, it melted in your mouth, the flavors of lemon and the chickpea relish really made this dish different from any other way I've had calamari. The Pastilla was almost like dessert, I love sweet and savory and this dish nailed it. Layers of filo dough around chicken and egg with almond, dusted with cinnamon. It was delicious.  I love Tangine cooking, the meat is so tender and the flavors of the spices come bursting through the food. We tried two different dishes, Braised Short Rib and Mechoui Roasted Lamb. Both dishes were equally amazing, and very unique. The Short Ribs were so tender, the meat literally fell apart with a fork, the flavors were so evident, seasoned with cinnamon and honey, marcona almonds and dried apricots. This is served with Khobz, or Moroccan bread, to dip into the juices left in the Tangine.The Lamb Tangine was so good, seasoned with Sharmoula, a spice similar to cumin, and served with Harrisa, which is a condiment, the brilliant color of orange would make you think it is made with carrots, but it gets to color from roasted red peppers and smoked paprika. This is also served with fresh mint, the combination of the flavors were great. We finished dinner with Mint Tea Almond Panna Cotta, very unique, not sweet at all and more of a citrus flavor.On Fridays and Saturdays starting at 6:30 they have belly dancing, we caught a few songs, and she was really good! This place was truly amazing, I can't wait to return.
5	Great babaganosh and delicious shrimp also great tangines. We especially liked the ambiance, it is so nice and peaceful and pleasant for talking with friends, so rare to find such good and authentic food and such a nice environment!
5	I've been here several times and have yet to be disappointed. The calamari steak is a must order item, and I also highly recommend any shrimp dish, the lamb sausage, the appetizer of mixed dips, the braised chard (not what it seems!), and the panna cotta. I would gladly reorder any item I've had there, with the exception of the mussels. The flavor was great, but for some odd reason they choose to use the frozen green lip mussels rather than fresh. My one concern, other than the place being hard to find and therefore not attracting a lot of drive-by traffic, is that I think the chef is temporary. He is apparently a big wig chef in Morocco (which if you ever meet him he will inform you of in typical chef fashion), and his friend owns the place. I hope the quality will be maintained when he leaves.Currently I would place Argana as one of my favorite off Strip restaurants in Vegas, and would suggest it to even the most discriminating foodies.
5	Amazing place tucked away off from Sahara. Almost don't want to share how great this restaurant so it stays a 'best kept secret'Selfishness aside, argana has great, unexpected dishes with bold flavors. Am absolute MUST TRY! The staff could not have been more informative and helpful with our dinner selections.
5	We happened upon this place by accident and I'm so glad that we did! We had read the Yelp reviews as we were sitting in the car deciding whether or not to go in. Most of the reviews raved about the calamari steak, so of course, we had to try it! We ordered the calamari steak appetizer and it was easily one of the best things I've eaten in a long time. Not only was it delicious,  but it was also very beautifully presented. Now, on to the main dishes... My husband ordered the chicken tagine.  The chicken was so tender and juicy and the sauce was so yummy. I ordered the chicken brochette,  which is basically a kabob.  Once again, the chicken was tender and juicy and the spices that it was cooked with gave it a great flavor. It also came with saffron rice, potatoes and an incredibly yummy tomato topped with parmesean cheese and spices. For dessert,  we ordered the panna cotta. It had a great citrus flavor and was very refreshing- the perfect ending to an amazing meal!We also ordered a bottle of the Moroccan wine, which perfectly complimented the flavors of our meal. At $45/bottle,  it was totally worth it.The staff was just as great as the food. From the host who greeted us at the door to the waiter to the owner, everyone was so friendly and made us feel very comfortable.  We are already looking forward to going back! Next time,  I'm getting the braised short ribs!
5	My girlfriend and I went here for the first time for our anniversary, and we had a great experience! The food was delicious and the service was impeccable. If anything, they were a little too over zealous in how frequently they checked on us hahaThe food was incredible, and I would come back again only to order the calamari steak and the braised short rib again! Both were unbelievable. The place is newer, and they are very clearly eager to please. At times it was too much, but when is wanting to be great restaurant a bad thing?It's a great addition to the area, and I hope to god it is successful as it seems to be the only Moroccan in the area that serves such high quality. I would argue better than a ton of restaurants on the strip, and much more affordable too!The decor was also beautiful and we enjoyed seeing the belly dancer while we ate!Thank you William and the rest of the team for giving us a wonderful anniversary dinner!
5	Found on yelp and decided to try it after all great reviews.  Tucked away on SW corner of Sahara and Durango behind Outback steak.  Worth the hunt.  Staff is friendly and helpful when ordering.  Everything on menu sounded great.  We got mixed dips for appetizer.  In house made pita bread was soft and warm.  Baba ganoush was light and a bit smokey flavor.  best i have tasted.  Pastilla is interesting - a filo pastry filled with ground almonds and chicken- sweet and savory and good.  Entrees of spicy shrimp (huge) and baked fish (with potatoes and peppers).  Both entrees were so flavorful and cooked perfectly.  I got the braised chard because of all the recommendations on yelp.  It is not to be missed.  It is actually a cold salad type of dish.  hard to explain but just take my word and order it.  William, or server, was so cheerful and brought us over some tea to try.  We will definitely be back to order more off the menu since we want to try all the items.  A great addition to the neighborhood.FYI - one yelp reviewer mentioned that they didn't know how long the Chef, who is from Morocco, would be cooking at restaurant.  I mentioned this to William and he said the Chef is here to stay so good news for all of us!
5	We went back a second time as enjoyed everything again. The lamb and chicken were also delicious. Also they had a fantastic belly dancer who was a great performer.
5	What an incredible dining experience. Chef Christopher recommended a tasting menu and so glad we agreed. Each plate was absolutely amazing. The calamari steak was perfectly tender and delicious. The pastilla, a personal favorite, was better than any I've had before. The baked fish and beef tagine were each uniquely delightful. I had read some reviews before coming to dinner and had high expectations, the chef far exceeded those expectations with every dish we were served. We were also seriously impressed with the staff, everyone was friendly, helpful and really seemed to care about the food and the restaurant. . We will return, again and again.
5	Delicious, authentic moroccan food! We enjoyed a calamari steak to start with delicious, fresh flavored sauces.  We shared the roasted lamb, that was incredibly tender, and the kefta and chicken tagines which both had the most rich and flavorful sauces.  We all enjoyed some mint tea in traditional tea glasses.  The service was phenomenal, all of the staff were very attentive.  We will definitely be back!
5	The good: - excellent food- creative presentation- unique flavors- great price- excellent serviceThe bad:- none.Definitely one of my new favorite restaurants.
5	One of our new favorites.  Went there on a Friday, loved it so much we returned the next night, and have returned since.  They're going to see a lot of us.The food is out of this world, highly elevated Moroccan cuisine.  The chicken in the chicken tagine was the juiciest we've ever had.  The merguez (lamb sausage) is served with delicious harissa (Moroccan hot sauce - fantastic!), and the braised beef short ribs were so tender that we didn't need a fork.  We also tried the kale salad - delicious lemon flavor, very special.  The food is prepared with great care, and you can taste the love in every bite.  The pace of the meal is relaxed, so we were able to have a conversation and enjoy the entertainment, without feeling rushed. The belly dancer was very entertaining.  There was a different one each night we were there.  As part of her set, she asks individual guests if they would like to try to dance a little.  My wife and I gave it a go, and it was great fun.  Bring some dollar bills for the dancer.A couple of times, we chose the chef's tasting, and got some delicacies that aren't even on the menu.  We also had the good fortune of speaking with Christopher Hajji, the chef.  He is a famous private chef, who has catered to many celebrities that come through Vegas.  He has a passion for cooking that shows in every plate that comes out of the kitchen.  My wife still dreams of the creamy panna cotta that finished our meal.  It was a wonderful experience.
5	We saw this place on Yelp and love Moroccan food, so we were excited to try it out!We came here with a few friends on Friday night, and it wasn't very busy. We were seated immediately and the service was very prompt. We decided to order family style so we can all try different things. We shared -Spreads - each of them were awesome. Especially the olive tapanade. It is served with fresh pita bread - probably the best pita bread I've ever had. Calamari Steak - This was my least favorite. I like fried calamari, but I've never had a steak. It was okay. It was very solid and it really doesn't have a flavor to it. The sauce with it was a good spicy - seemed to be wasabi sauce. Braised Short Ribs - this is a sweeter dish. The meat was very tender, flavorful and it had delicious apricots in it.Mechoui Roasted Lamb - This was my favorite. The lamb is roasted for 4 hours and it just melts in your mouth because it's so tender. The flavoring was awesome. Spicy Shrimp - this was my next favorite. The sauce and spice...it was so good. And yes, pretty spicy. Kefta Tagine - These are meatballs that are very good in a cumin sauce with kind of poached eggs. The waiter recommended their Moroccan mojito type drink - so we all had that. He made them pretty strong and they were very good and refreshing. The only thing is, it is very sweet...so it makes for a nice little headache later if you drink too much as he warned. Overall, we loved this place and will be going back. There were a couple of waiters working and they were both very tentative and helpful. The food was awesome. Best I've had in town for Moroccan. The only thing I feel lacking is the atmosphere. It's nice, but I feel it needs to be darker and more red...I've been to a few different places and they're always very dark, red everywhere and the belly dancers are very much featured. Which, they do have a very good belly dancer, but it just seems like it's just lacking a tad in theme. But, that for me is not anything to steer you from this place.Try it out and help this business grow!!
5	Saw the review and ran down. This is the best of a small family restaurant. Attentive staff. Delicious food.
5	My family and I are staying on the strip in Las Vegas , vacationing from Washington, D.C. We have many Moroccan restaurants in DC, but this one was by far the best!!! There was not one dish that wasn't mouth watering. Make sure you try their authentic drink created by one of the servers "Moroccan mojito" . We also finished off the meal with Moroccan mint tea, which like everything else was amazing! Not only is the food good but the staff is very friendly and attentive. The server mentioned the chef is a famous chef who works with his good friend the owner! I can't say enough good things about this place!If you're visiting Vegas check it out!!if you're a local check it out !!!
5	Outstanding Shrimp scampi with Fava beans. A great stylish Morrocan restaurant with great atmosphere, food and drink.
5	Excellent complex flavors. You have to like spices. Good service. Hidden gem for now. Loved the calamari steak, lamb shank, lamb couscous, and orange mint panna cotta. Bill was $73 without tip. Friday and Saturday belly dancers. Closed Sundays. Open about 3 months now. Cant wait to go back and eat our way through the menu. Nice decor with all the windows covered so you feel like your not in a strip mall. They also have patio seating.
4	My sister and I came here last night. She loves Moroccan food and I had never tried it. I had stumbled on this place during the week and we agreed it try it. When we arrived,  they had only been open about 45 minutes. We were seated right away and ordered the drink special. We decided to try two appetizers, the spreads and the lamb sausage appetizer.  The spreads are hummus, eggplant and an olive spread served with hot pita bread. All were delicious. For our entrees we shared the roasted lamb and the kefka tangine. Everything was so good and we were very happy with our entire meal. The only reason I did not give them five stars is they were slammed and were not prepared for the customers that came in after we did. The place was packed literally 15 minutes after we got there. I think they are experiencing major growing pains. This place is definitely on my list of places to bring guests from out of town and would be a great date night
5	Wonderful meal, decor,entertainment (belly dancer), and drinks. We hot the royal couscous. All the meat was very tender. For appetizers the Moroccan salad and hummus. Both great. My husband was born in morocco and really enjoyed this place. We will be back for sure!  They even have a great Moroccan wine (see photo). It was a Friday and not too busy. The owner even came around to check on all the tables which was a nice touch.
5	Another example that you can get great food in Las Vegas. Brought my family to Argana with 6 and 11 year olds. We all loved it. We got there at opening. Service was great. Started with every appetizer to get a tasting. That would have probably been enough food for dinner. The flavors are amazing. We live in the SF Bay Area and have yet to find a Moroccan restaurant with food this good.
1	We tried this place as we've never had Moroccan food before and were disappointed. The beef brisket and the lamb roast seemed ok but felt like rocks in our stomachs. We had a stomach ache all night long. The service started out ok but towards the end our waiter forgot about us, didn't ask us we we wanted any more drinks or came back after we paid. We won't be back!
4	If you like Moroccan food, Argana is a good restaurant for you. If you haven't tried Moroccan food, then Argana is a good place to get started.  You won't be sorry. Moroccan food is delicious and Argana does it right. Argana offers a mix of traditional Moroccan dishes: Tagines, Coucous, Kefta, foul, Harira Soup, etc, all of which have authentic Moroccan look and taste.  The restaurant also offers a number of dishes that are a more modern take on Moroccan cuisine such as calamari steak and Swiss Chard salad. Give Argana a try -- the food and service are excellent.
2	We have been here a few times and the food  and service was excellent! So we go there for my wife's bday. We were so excited to come back and have a great experience but I'm sorry to say thing have changed in this place. Service was not as good even-though it was the same waiter. I complained about the beef tagine there were only two beef cubes of beef and half of the cubes were fat! I've had this dish numerous times and it wasn't like that! The waiter tells me thanks for letting me know! I'm like WTF!!!! And he knows we come here often! Now they also charge for hot tea refills and pita as well. I hate when they nickel and dime you but I understand maybe they are struggling but common!! So we left aggravated and disappointed great way to spend a bday! This place has gone down in my book and I'm sorry to say we will not be coming back here again!Oh and by the way they raised their prices dramatically on all the menu items!!
2	To update my previous review, this place has increased prices almost double and decreased food quality, most likely to stay afloat. My last beef dish was all fatty and only had like 3 cubes of beef when before it was lean meat and plenty of it. They even charged me for tea refills! The location is not great, and so I'm sure not many people know about them. Such a shame, I loved this place but at the rate they are going I don't know if I will be back and how long they will stay open. I'll dropped it one star from 4 to 3 stars, but they are well on their way to 2.
5	Good food and service.
5	Wonderful atmosphere, scrumptious meats, fluffy couscous, and belly dancing on the weekend! Argana is a Moroccan restaurant , reasonably priced, higher quality than most ethnic offerings in Las Vegas, and very drinkable wine and beer list. The wine selection includes by-the-glass and bottles of some familiar names like Chateaux St. Michelle and others , plus a Moroccan Red and a Moroccan White. Sparkling wine on the menu too.This restaurant is nestled deep within the strip mall, so you have to hunt for it, located on the southwest corner of Durango and Sahara. But you'll be glad you found it. I know I am.Oh, and one last thing: for you folks who need  vegetarian friendly, Aragana it's vegan-capable and vegan-friendly. Just ask!
5	Good deal for a nice dinner, I Went few time on vacation in Marocco, and every time I'm going to Argana, I can remember the great Maroccan food ... Brings me back in my vacation memories :-) !!! Last time I had the pastilla it was so delicious !! The plate was fully furnished and not expensive.Service was very good my waiter was attentionate. I'll totally recommend this place it's a good experience ! And we love the show with the belly dancer .. !!!!
5	Loved this restaurant! Loved the decor the food the service. Patio dining was superb. Can't wait to come back to see the belly dancers. And the owner is the best.
5	If u r trying to shake the strip and find some real food, this is it. The food is real and well spiced. My Bruchettes plate was a mix of flavors from some kind of minted coleslaw salad to spiced kabobs to vegetable rice and a spicy red sauce on the side. Garlic potatoes, roasted tomatoes and zucchini.
5	Beautiful decor, delicious food.  The lamb was tender and well-flavored.  Also had the chard starter, which is not something I would have ordered had the waiter not recommended it.  The flavor and texture reminded me of tabbouleh but with olives added.  The food presentation is like that of a Michelen-starred restaurant.
5	This was pretty authentic it reminds me of when I was in the peace corps in Rabat. The calamari steak appetizer was full of flavor. The lamb loin was tender and the shrimps seasoned very well. Service was amazing thank you Amine. The restaurant is hidden behind a greasy Outback Steakhouse so you have to look for it., but it was fun and had belly dancers and everything!!!! Much better then Marrakesh on paradise and not overly expensive. I will be coming here again.
5	the food is great and authentic, reasonly priced. We had the royal couscous and it was amazing. the sevice was very good. Definatly coming back again...
5	Loved this place. Saw it while we ate at the outback the previous night and decided to go all in Tuesday night. Well worth the risk, the ambiance, the smells, the seating, the presentation were all amazing.I honestly could not have asked for more, maybe hot topless waitresses, I mean we ARE in Vegas right?Food was amazing, old man got meatballs which he said were amazing. The smaller older brother got lamb chops which he said were great. I had the lamb couscous. Marvellous meal, worth the price, and I did not have the shits afterwards!
4	This is one of those restaurants that offers a great ambiance. The decor is pretty authentic and cosy.  Every Friday and Saturday you can watch belly dancing. We ordered the spread which consists of humus, smoked eggplant and olives. We really enjoyed this dish and would recommend it as an appetizer option.As a main entree we ordered the Grilled Lamb Chops. They were cooked to perfection. The dish comes with rice, grilled vegetables and potatoes. We also ordered the roasted lamb which is cooked for six hours straight! The flavors were good, however It was a bit dry.Their customer services was amazing! Everyone makes you make you like home. Their staff was extremely attentive and caring! Overall, a good place to try and experience!
4	This was a nice little spot. The restaurant was clean and had a really good atmosphere.  The service was also very good, and the food came out quickly.  The food itself was very good as well. I had the calamari steak appetizer. It was cooked very well, but the choice of seasoning could be tweaked. The sauce they use is just a little overpowering of all the other flavors.  The braised short ribs were fantastic. The meat was very tender, I highly recommend it. I would definitely come back here.
5	If there's a restaurant that truely deserves a 5 star yelp review, it's this one! WOW! Growing up in a Moroccan household, this restaurant is as authentic as it gets. The food here melts in your mouth! The servers were extra attentive and the owner even came out and spoke with us. The Belly dancers, decor, music, etc all played a role in making the environment as perfect and fun as possible. If you're looking for a restaurant that has amazing food and you want to have a good time, don't think twice - you won't be disappointed.
4	Went to this fun place with friends.A belly dancer shows up like every 15 minutes, it's... kinda distracting for guys... I must admit that I wan't able to focus on food. *ahem*Well, items we had are...- Calamari steak- Braised Swiss chard- Almond filo/dough sticks- Mint tea almond panna cottaThe food was good, if I recall correctly. Now, question is where I should put my money on her...
5	Finally a restaurant in Vegas that serves authentic Moroccan food!!Went there with friends last night and had so much fun we will definitely go back soon! Atmosphere was great  Bally dancer danced around all night the owner Alex was very nice and came out to give recommendations and explanation on he's Moroccan dishes.Kira was our waitress super nice and smiles a lot :) We had the Moroccan salad plate and the spreads and the Swiss chard for start and short ribs lamb mechoui  and lamb shank for main course we finished with Moroccan tea,cream Brolle and almond filo for dessert Needless to say that everything was super delicious and we had a blast!!Can't wait to go there again I definitely recommend this place to everyone who loves good food
4	Quite authentic Moroccan food! Try couscous! They have dancing too over the weekends!!Try Moroccan tea..
