2	E for effort, they give it a good try, good piece of meat but i watched helpless, as it was cooked to.....to....o i hope the wiz can save it. ..... it did, it always does.  i grew up on these ingenious delights and sometimes you just have to have one.  and please some one who knows tell me about.... Corleone's  why the godfather name?, and references? New York yes! , Philly .....No, had to ask they couldn't tell me, and the question lingers. anyway the staff was very friendly and i got my food fast and fresh. fries were nothing special but again nothing the wiz couldn't fix ( so i love wiz you would understand so i won't try and explain) the cheez fries are loaded wit it.
4	I'm a fan of Corleone's. I'm a big, big fan of cheesesteaks with wiz.For me Corleone's, though a bit pricey, does the trick. Love the standard cheesesteak, typically go extra wiz. Good bread, ample meat, love the wiz. Can't beat the wiz. Great fries too. I'd eat it all time if the metabolism could afford it.I know there's a holy war with regard to wiz vs. provolone but I saw an episode of Taste (by David Rosengarten) many years back where he supported the fact that wiz is a viable option for an authentic cheesesteak. Since that time, I have of course tried it (many times) and have been a fan since my first one. So you can rant & rave at me about provolone & authenticity but I'm sticking with my wiz.While I'm always on the lookout for good cheesesteaks, Corleone's does the trick whenever I'm there.
3	Cheesesteaks should never be soggy.  It's the age old problem, the bread has to come from the East Coast.  Steak was okay, a bit greasy, and the whiz was an important touch... that's just how they are made... but the bread was a let down and was soggy enough to drop most of the steak out of the bottom half way through the meal.  I miss Jim's and Sonny's in Philly.
1	that's NOT a cheese steak. drive a bit further to Rinaldi's for the real thing.--"roll" is partially-cooked machine-made batch of chemicals--so greasy I had to wipe the table afterward, and I never even took it out of the wrapper; the grease soaked through the foil wrapper (how is that possible)--mushrooms surely from a can--onions from I'm-afraid-to-think-about-where-they-might-be-fromI'm certainly one to stick to family tradition (placing my finger against my nostril as I say it), but this one belongs in the gutter.NO.
3	Corleone's is a good place for lunch - not sure of the "Philly" touches as I've never spent any time there!  Have only had their signature Philly Cheese Steak sandwich (without the cheese) when there - good every time - excellent steak with grilled onions.  My only complaint is that it is pricey for a lunch place - $12 for the combo lunch (includes fries and drink) - making it a pricey lunch for two!
3	For lunch today we went to Corleone's, a Philly cheese-steak joint, located south of the Ultimate Electronics, along the north side of Butherus; just west of Hayden.We've driven by them for years and we were never swayed by their signage and marketing...kinda francheesy.  I've read the other Yelp posts on the place, and I can see right away that many reviewers have never had a real, traditional Philly cheese-steak.  Don't get me wrong, real...doesn't mean quality.  In fact, the real-deal in Philly is a greasy, bready, Cheez Whiz laden beast with over-grilled onions.  You've really got to like the-whole Philly package to get into Corleone's, as they do their best to deliver an authentic sandwich.  My feeling is that the best of Philadelphia actually put more Cheez Whiz on the sandwich, which can be a-bit much....but hey, how can you argue with tradition?Corleone's is a bit pricey at first-brush and they try to nickel-and-dime you if you want to customize your sandwich.  However, their two-for-1 special, everyday from 4-6pm, makes up for it; that, and kids eat free on Saturdays.  The restaurant was clean, and the menu simple to understand; though, oddly, many drink accessories (straws, etc.) are too high for children to reach. The atmosphere is simple with three televisions flickering; with three different programs...including one with Rocky III.After discussing it with the family, we give Corleone's a 3 to 3.5.  The food was authentic, and the service was very good; for a food-counter joint.
4	Big, Good-tasting sandwiches.  Environment was friendly and I was STUFFED.  Sandwich was a little pricey because I had them put onions peppers and mushrooms on (should have opted for wiz instead.)  Otherwise, a good place for lunch in the Airpark area.
3	Pretty damn good cheesesteak, although there are a few better around.  Worth a try if you're craving the worlds greatest sandwich...
4	Great lunch place, the sandwich bread was really fresh.
3	Corleone's is a chain steak and cheese joint found in several places around the valley. The steak and cheese hogies are pretty good.  You can get the traditional whiz or another cheese of your liking. I like to add mushrooms which are an option. The fries changed from their original form and aren't as good as they were before. Those from Philly will be disappointed but a nice option for the rest of us.
3	Not terrible.  Overpriced for sure.  Go see Doug at Pomeroy's for a much better Philly cheese.
4	We've been coming to Corleone's for the past two and half years and have always enjoyed the food and service.  Recently, we've been taking advantage of their take-out.Coleone's management has been trying to be more price friendly, given the economy here in the valley.   And, they have been doing a good job of it.  They have recently instituted several new after 4pm specials, such as: a large 18 inch pizza for $8.99; and on Tuesdays, buy one large sandwich for the regular price of $8.99 and get the smaller $5.99 sandwich for free.  I'm impressed, a large Philly steak for $8.99 is a pretty good deal, but a smaller steak/chicken for free?  Works for me!BTW, when I got home last evening I noticed on my receipt a coupon for $2.00 off my next purchase of $5.00 or more. WOW!
5	I am from the Philly area and these are the closest to home I can find.  The bread is chewy (like it's supposed to be) the steak is real rib eye and the service is always fast with a smile.  Fries are always top notch and it's great to have huge ketchup pumps.  some places like to tell you how you should eat your food. For example Subway, Jimmy Johns DON'T OFFER KETCHUP.  they have some nerve to tell you how to eat your food. Trust me beef and ketchup do go together!The pizza, WOW.  they use GRANDE CHEESE.  in case you're not familiar with that cheese, it's super expensive and the best of the best.  the late great Pizza Connection on Indian and 44th st used to use it.  it makes for an amazing non greasy cheese for pizza.look for coupons in the mail and the receipts offer discounts on your next visit too so it's a little cheaper than the menu might suggest.
3	This is pure Philly in Arizona.  Having been to Philly a fair number of times, I enjoy a solid cheesesteak, and this is where I go to grab one in Arizona.There is only one problem.  Though not as bad as it used to be, there were a few guys working the counter that were complete jackasses.  Yes, I understand it is a place to grab a Philly cheesesteak, but I don't want a side order of Philly attitude, I get that enough watching Eagles games with some of my friends.On the plus side, they recently merged with an old pizza place that used to serve the best pies in the area and they now sell his recipe pizzas and they are amazing!Food is good, but some of the older workers at the place need to check their Philly attitudes at the door.
3	I came here Saturday after spending the day at the Arabian Horse show with a friend, and we grabbed a bite to eat at Corleones.  I've been here several times before, but not in some time. I really do love thier subs, and think they put out a great product.  Prices are a little steep, but not unaffordable.  They have a great selection of subs, all made Philly style with cheese whiz and all.  I went with the small #3, and it was delicious! My friend got the same thing, but with fries, and our bill came out to be just under $20 for both of us....2 drinks, 1 order of fries and 2 small subs.Despite having great food, sometimes the service here is bland, borderline bad.   I think it really depends on whos working the register.  This time, it was a really young kid, and he didnt seem to really give 2 cents about customer service.  Ive had other poor experiences here with their service behind the counter and found it annoying.  One time I went in 5 minutes before closing on a Saturday night, hoping to grab a sub before they closed.  I not only got dirty looks from the guys cleaning the grill behind the counter, but a rude "WE'RE CLOSED" scream from some dude in the dining area cleaning tables.  They were obviously in a rush to get out of there, and did not hesitate closing a few minutes early on me.  Yea, fun times.For the food itself, this place is good....service, don't expect much in regards to pleasantries or nicey nicey attitudes.
1	Honestly... Just not very good. Yeah, everything looks good but the food is flavorless. The Philly steak is bland and seems almost mass produced. The pizza slices were old and nasty as they had probably been sitting around for hours. Actually had a fresh pie the other day at a kids birthday party and the sauce is pasty and the crust us thick and heavy for a supposed NY style.  Overall, not nearly as good as the reviews say, disappointed and will not return.
5	How on earth can this place only have three stars when they make a five star cheesesteak?
5	Very good cheese steaks, best in AZ. I do not know why they only have 3 stars. This place gets my business at least once a week. It is a little pricy but its not terrible if you dont get fries and a drink, just get a water cup or something.
3	I've only ever had take out from Corleone's so I can't comment on the table service...take out has always been fast (been there five or six times). I've had cheesesteaks in Philadelphia and these come sort of close.  I'll give you the good and the bad:Good:Pretty good tasteNo mystery/fat pieces Nice with the WhizPizza is good enough in a pinchGreasy but not enough to be a turn off (at least not to me)Combo price is good and they always give couponsBad:Bun is a little too soft (might be a result of the grease)Little Joey's style has very little meatFries are coated with (I think) cornstarch to give a false crispiness - I hate that, it's lazy and I don't like the tastePotato chips are a ripoffWebsite is TERRIBLE - Flash - to look at a few menu items is annoying(unless I'm on my iPhone, it won't work there) and just sooo corny.  If I could give it 2 and 1/2 stars I would but I don't really mind rounding it up to 3  since my husband really likes the subs.
3	Some days I would rate Corleones 5 stars, and some days 1 star, so I setteled in the middle.  I wish the cooks were more consistent.  I always order a cheeze steak sandwich.  The one guy who I think is now a manager used to always cook - he is the best cook by far.  Some of the other cooks are bad, and some are ok, but the manager guy is BY  FAR the best.  I don't know what he does to that sandwich that makes it soooo good.  I go here quite a bit and the service is always the same - you place your order, they call your number when its up - not too fancy but it works.
4	I ordered the "wiz"  to go and was blown away. I had never had a Philly cheese steak sandwich with cheese whiz on it. It was so tasty. The sandwich was hot and the bread was soft and fresh. The french fries were good too. There's nothing fancy about this place, so don't go in there expecting that. We went in around lunch time and despite being crowded the service was pretty quick. The sandwich and fries were a bit pricey, over $10. I don't like paying that much for junk food, so i'll be an irregular regular. I considered the pizza, but it looked old and cold.
4	Was running around like crazy and was starving so we decided to stop by.  Their steak and cheese was excellent.
5	I don't ever  need to go to Pat's or Geno's in Philly.. I think the best cheese steak is at this joint in North Scottsdale.  I get mine with the wiz and it is finger licking good.  No soggy fries here either..they must double fry them b/c they are golden and crispy.  I've also had cheese pizza by the slice and would go back just for that too.
1	Several friends recommended this place. I'm not sure how i'm going to get back at them, but I have a few ideas.
5	I hear there are other items on the menu besides the Philly Cheesesteak & the chick cheesesteak.  I'd never know...  I love this place!  These are the best Philly Cheesesteaks outside of Philly.  Good bread and authentic toppings.  The people inside are fun and good service.  This is one of my favorite places for lunch.
5	The BEST place for cheesesteaks. Insane. And if you want cheesesteaks during 12:00PM and 1:30PM be prepared to wait but it's so worth it. I usually get the large cheesesteak with provolone and onion rings. The sandwich is huge and enough for two meals for me. The onion rings are the best I've had but I'm not a fan of their fries -- although my friends rave about them. This place gets packed during lunch hour and the Northsight area is already a mess during lunch hour. This place does delivery but there's a catch: they will take forever and your food will be cold. I don't think they take a long time because they're lazy, iI genuinely think it's because they are just so busy. They do have pizza and I've heard it's great but I just can't pass up their cheesesteaks every time I go. Most of the seating here is stools with pub-height tables and there are four booths. I've never had any problems with consistency like others have mentioned but it can be pricey. Like $25-$30 for two people if you both get larges and combos (fries/onion rings and a regular drink).
3	Food is good here, bad place for the healthy conscious eater though! Although place is clean, sort of a fun atmosphere, and food is pretty good, only 3 stars because it seems overpriced. By the time you get a combo (Sandwich, fries, drink), it comes out to be 12 bucks or so. That's sit-down restaurant prices for me. So, given the high calorie content (yeah... they do have salads, but who goes to a Philly Cheese Steak joint for a salad), and overpriced menu, I'll limit myself to maybe twice a year or so, or even less.
5	I'm shocked at so many low ratings here.  Was I just hungry?Well, I went back a 2nd time.  Nope...with the Whiz and the onions, I really, really love these sandwiches.OK...I know I'm supposed to be on a diet now but what the heck.......sigh...they're good...fattening as hell.....but damned good.
5	One of the best places to get lunch in North Scottsdale. Their cheese steaks are so good and I never seem to get tired of them. They also have cheap, thin, pizza. Price wise, you'll probably pay about 10 bucks for a large sandwich, drink, and fries but that's the normal price for lunch in the area and definitely worth it.Oh, and if you keep your receipt, you can use it as a coupon for your next meal.
3	We just went to Corleone's and were extremely disappointed to discover that they had raised their prices.  Their pizza used to be a lot less expensive and only a little bit less good than other nearby pizza options.  Now, they have raised the pizza price by $2 so we'll be going back to Ray's or NYPD for our takeout pizza.  The pizza still tastes the same and really is pretty good but if the price isn't going to be good, I'd rather have really good pizza than pretty good pizza.
4	It's almost been five years since we first started coming to Corleone's and nearly two and a half since my last review.Corleone's hasn't changed much during that period of time, which is a very good thing.  You see, Corleone's is primarily a Philly Steak place that makes a great New York cheese pizza.  It's more authentic and tastier than either Ray's, or NYPD.As a family, we order a few pies each month whenever we do not feel like cooking.  They deliver, but we like to visit and pick up our order.  Another east coast authentic food they offer are the Tastykakes snack food and warm pretzels.  I know this might appear to be trivial.  But, it's this attention to detail that impresses me most about Corleone's.  Yes, you could open a Philly cheese steak place, but would you bother to bring in Taskykakes?A great thing about Corleone's is all the coupons they offer.  You order a pie, there's a coupon sticker on the box.  Open the mail, yep coupons there too.  They even have $2.00 off coupons on the top of your receipt.  So they're always hustling for your business.  But if the food wasn't good... it  wouldn't matter.The 18 inch cheese pizza is still $8.99, less a two dollar coupon if you have one. LOL  It's thin and has the right amount of sauce and cheese.  It also flop when you pick it up.  Delicious!Enjoy!~
1	Well, I have to say I am disappointed.My roommate and I called our order in for takeout. We had a coupon for 24.99 2 large cheese pizzas and 24 wings which we thought was a pretty sweet deal. The back of the menu we had had all the toppings listed at .50 extra a piece so we said why not and added 2 to each pizza (meatball and ham to one, and chicken and bacon to the other). We also requested that both the pizza and the wings be extra crispy and come with some ranch.Once we arrive, we are told that our new price was almost $35. What. How?They explain (over the course of several minutes) how we added $8 dollars to our order by adding 4 toppings ($2?). I still didn't get it, but oh well. I was hungry and I didn't care, so we paid and left.Once we got home though we realized that neither pizza was extra crispy, nor were the wings, and, on top of all that, we got no ranch. Lovely.I like this place usually but dang, this experience sucked.
5	We visit this Corleone's regularly and it is absolutely awesome if you are looking for authentic East Coast sandwiches and pizza. Cheesesteak experts will not be disappointed, and the pizza is stellar.  And the service is always fast, friendly, and excellent. I highly recommend Corleone's, and if you're not in North Scottsdale, there are three additional locations - Mill Ave in Tempe, 16th St and Camelback, and Tatum and Shea.
5	This place is seriously just freakin amazing. It is as if the cheesesteak gods had looked down upon Arizona and has given us this wonderful gift that is Corleone's. Prices are not too bad either. The regular size id big enough to share with the fries. If you sign up for the e-mail club you will get constant emails with specials and deals. Do yourself a favor and always get the cheese whiz on your sandwich.
3	Some of my coworkers ordered in and I decided to try something since I'd never had Corleone's before. I was under the wire to place an order so I had the Godfather sandwich with some fries. After everyone had gotten their hoagies I felt a little disappointed with my sandwich but still had some hope. My sandwich was just okay. There wasn't anything extra hot about the peppers or really extraordinary about the sandwich in general. The fries were good. I'll have to try a hoagie sometime to really nail down an opinion.
5	Every time is just as good if not better than the last. Thank god I don't live closer I would be here every day! On this visit the bread was extremely fresh and added to the overall awesomeness of Corleone's. Keep up the good work!!!
5	Love the cheese steak with cheese whiz!Would be nice if the bathrooms had soap However...
3	I ordered a cheese steak with wiz, onions, and peppers. The add-ons costed me .75 each, even though the sign said .25. With a drink and fries, it came out to 11.50, which is on the higher end of reasonable. It turns out the added toppings were worth it. The peppers were juicy and crunchy, and the mushrooms were fresh. The steak itself was pretty standard fare, and I got exactly what I expected with the wiz. If you want to taste primarily cheese though, you should get extra wiz. The fries we well done (which I liked) and very salty (which I didn't).The meal was 4 star, with the deduction coming from the mislabeled price
4	Super busy at lunch but worth the wait. Best Cheesesteak sandwich you're gonna find in Arizona without a doubt.
5	I love this place!  It is definitely a little piece of Philly in Phoenix.  I can honestly say this is the only cheesesteak (outside of Philly) that is legit - amazingly fresh roll, Whiz, onions and the steak done just right.  And they sell Tastykakes too...bonus!
4	I recommend Corleones for authentic Philly Cheesesteaks. The roll is very important for a good cheesesteak and Corleones has a great roll. The meat is chopped not a thin slice of meat like some places. The pictures on the wall, Tastykakes and soft pretzels remind me of home.  Now if they open a Wawa on Hayden rd, I 'll be heaven.
4	Yummy, yummy in my tummy!!Got the original cheese steak with american (I know, how dare I?!) and added lettuce and tomato.  Oh my gosh - delish!  The steak is cooked perfectly, and the bread - it makes the sandwich.  It's perfect.  In fact writing this review, I'm craving another one.  This will be another one of my must haves while in Phoenix.
3	Overall a pretty good cheesesteak.  I like the cheese fries a lot as well.  It's not the healthiest of meals but every once in a while I enjoy indulging.
4	Love this place! The cheesesteak is one of the best I've had in the valley and the pizza is pretty damn good too. This place is one of my regular stops for take out on Sundays before football games. It's a little on the pricey side for a full sandwich but you definitely get your money's worth and you won't be hungry when you're done. Get the cheese wiz for an extra $0.75!  Fries are thin and crispy just like they should be and go great with the wiz. Sign up for email coupons and they will send you nice deals about once a week. You can also bring in old receipts for $2 off your next visit. Good stuff!
4	Moved to the valley from Philly. Best cheesesteaks. As anyone from Philly will tell you, it all comes down to the bread. I am a wiz with (Cheese Wiz with fried onions). For the full Philly experience, get the Tastykakes too.
4	Corleone's has improved over time so I thought it would be a good idea to update my initial review.The cheesesteak with whiz is still pretty darn good.  The Little Joey now seems to have a fair amount of meat and is a nice change from the original, have them add fresh onion in addition to the lettuce and tomato and it is extra delicious (and not too onion-y).  I've been getting their Italian Hoagie lately too - love it.  They make a great white pie and good pizza overall. I've had great luck with the Sicilian slices too, they're always fresh and have a nice golden crust. I still don't like the coated fries.They deliver quickly and are still generous with coupons which is nice.  I am also happy to see they redesigned their website, got rid of that awful flash and replaced it with an easy to navigate site with online ordering.One suggestion, please allow the user to shut off the floating menu.  It's one of those lame web development ideas that never should have seen the light of day.
2	Food is great, however, when you order delivery from an establishment you would think it wouldn't take an hour and fifteen minutes to make one sandwich and drive it, quite literally five minutes away from said establishment...I understand there is a lunch rush especially on a Saturday, but taking that long for ONE sandwich is ridiculous, now I am reminded to never order lunch from here because I won't be able to ever eat on my lunch break unless I plan it out!! Also the sandwich and fries weren't "fresh" probably were made and was sitting on a counter somewhere I'm not picky so to me it tasted fine, but I'm sure others would be upset that it was warm and freshly made especially after such a long wait
3	Up until this past week it's been about four years since I've been to Corleone's. My wife ordered a chicken sandwich which she loved. So that was a major hurdle to satisfy the picky eater in the family. I had the sausage, greenpeppers and onions with the marinara sauce. Since I've been minimizing my consumption of bread lately, I just ate everything except the bun. The presentation of the meal is pretty impressive when you look at two large buns filled with stuff. But when you get into the meat of the meal you find that there's a lot more bun than meat. I have to say that I enjoyed the meal but thought the ratio of meat to bun was pretty weak.I say this place is Yelped correctly at 3 1/2 stars.
5	Corleone's has been our family restaurant for the past 4+ years. The owner is the best! No matter which location you choose, the quality is the same; excellent. To anyone looking for quality cheesesteaks, or pizza, stop in at Corleone's.
3	Has a great Philly cheese!!!  But service is hit or miss. You never know what kind of service you will get. Most of the time it's not the best. I call my order in or use the app grub hub and half the time I come in 10 mins later and they haven't even started it and it's not even busy!
1	HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED! I've ordered from them before and it was pretty good, but their new staff is HORRIBLE! I called to make an order and they put me on hold and hung up. I called two more times to still place my order and they continuously picked up and hung up in me. I know they close at 8, but my order was called in at 7:15. I pray that the owner wises up and fires some of his LAZY employees. I will NEVER go back/call back because of this experience.
2	Great food but you probably don't want to go there for a lunch break they take forever, they messed up my order and took even longer.
4	I've eaten here many times and it's always great. pizza is great and cheese steaks are excellent! (I always order mine with provolone cheese because the cheese wiz is not for me). Happy eating.
4	Delicious pizza! I just enjoyed a slice of pepperoni and Italian sausage with the perfect amount of grease on thin crust. Best part, it cost me less than $3.50. Will frequent for lunch.
4	Good little Philly cheese steak and pizza place in the neighborhood. It is a franchise but they do a good job. Plus lots of good deals through their email club. Worth checking out.
3	The food at this location is wonderful, however it is of much lesser quality at their other AZ locations. Also, the service is some of the worst I've had in a while. We frequent this location because of the food, but every time we do eat here we are treated poorly and the staff is very rude to us. The other thing that I can't seem to figure out is how they can charge for extra dipping sauce for the wings, but only fill them a quarter to half way full. If I'm paying for extra dipping sauce, I want my money's worth. Basically, if you're willing to put up with lackluster staff to get some good pizza and wings, this place is it!
4	The cheese whiz philly cheese is to die for! Seriously, tastiest philly cheese I've ever had. The only reason for the missing star is that the menu is a bit on the expensive side in my opinion.
5	Just got food from here for the first time and it is AMAZING!!!  Just don't plan on being healthy if you come here, this is purely authentic Philly comfort food. All that is missing is Rita's, which isn't too far away :)I loved this place so much that with all the negative reviews on here I am left wondering if we all went to the same place???First off I got my food through Grubhub (delivery). It actually was much faster than the predicted delivery time and the delivery person couldn't have been nicer. Only one complaint is that the pizza was cold but that's the beauty of delivery is that I was able to remedy that pretty easily. The pizza was the closest to real NY pizza that I have had here. The crust could have been a tad crunchier but it was delicious. Also loved that I could get just one slice like NY to make sure I liked it without being stuck with an entire pie. The Pretzels are exactly like what you get in Philadelphia. Because it was delivery and there is a $10 minimum I also ordered a small cheesesteak that I have not had yet because how much can a person eat at once?  I'm not a fan of Whiz so I opted for the make your own and got beef (no self respecting person with Philly roots really gets chicken) and I got provolone, which is always my preferred chesesteak cheese. Since I haven't had the sandwich yet I can't comment on the amount of meat but I will update this after I have had it. Also was excited to see they have the roast pork sandwich, another Philly food. I can't imagine eating this often bc of the calories but anytime I'm feeling like indulging and having some great comfort food I am for sure coming here. This will also be where I get pizza for now on!!!Love this place!!!  If you have no Philly ties I think you can still enjoy this. Only problem is you may never be able to enjoy the food they serve elsewhere ;)
5	There are few places where you can score a dynamite Philly cheesesteak in the valley and this is one of them. Great phillies and pizza and always at a great price. Bonus: Free delivery!! Don't forget to tip your driver for the delish food.
