3	One Mario Batali restaurant replaces another.  Formerly Enoteca San Marco, Otto Enoteca Pizzeria now holds court at the Venetian.Ambiance:Sit "outside" and enjoy the scenery.  Diners at Otto can enjoy the beautiful hotel decor, as well as performing artists who entertain those sitting or walking nearby.  Service:Very friendly and helpful.Food:I thought I knew what al dente was until I dined at Otto.  Now I question every al dente pasta I've ever had.  I ordered the Spaghettini with sauteed mushrooms, garlic, and thyme $19.  The pasta was cooked and seasoned perfectly, and the portion was just the right amount as well.  The ingredients were simple and fresh, which allowed each of them to really stand out.  The variety of mushrooms were especially flavorful and distinct.  For dessert, we ordered three flavors of gelati $9; Colorado River Coffee Roasters espresso, pistachio, and dark chocolate malt.  The gelato was soft, rich and flavorful, with the pistachio and dark chocolate malt my favorites.  Overall:A great dining experience if you are looking for a relaxing meal in a beautiful environment.  Otto serves quality food in an unpretentious atmosphere, which I can appreciate.  Next on my list to try at Otto is their pizza.
4	We decided to come to Otto as we are a BIG fan of the Farmers market on Thursday that Mario puts on. The food at the farmers market is organic, locally grown generally is used here at OTTO.We love great quality food and meats, and this place has it! It is a Green Restaurant, they have their own source for the meat( - grass fed, organic, family owned and operated), they make their gelato in house and from those fruits from the market. YUMYUMYUMWonderfully prepared, tasty, foods and great service! Next time we are trying the meat platter.The prosciutto was divine!
1	I can't believe the other reviewers were eating at the same place. We paid through the nose for small portions of tasteless food and even worse service. I appreciate good food, but our party of three agreed after we left that we would have gotten *much* better fare even at a local 'Olive Garden' for about 1/3 of the $150 that this meal cost.The waiter was unhelpful, never came back when we asked for some extras like grated cheese or another drink, and generally ignored us. The beer menu was TWO beers, one bottled and one on tap. Both boring. I can go on and on about just how un-enjoyable this place was, but I've already wasted more time on it than it deserves. This establishment proves what we should have known from the start... it is nearly impossibe to get GOOD food so close to tourist attractions. They don't care about or need repeat business since they get an entirely new crowd of gullible tourists every night looking for an experience. Well, my advice is skip THIS one.
1	PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY...YOU OTTO NOT GO !!We should have known something was wrong when we approached this restaurant...it was virtually empty, while Wolfgang Puck's restaurant just across the way was bustling with patrons.My wife and I were celebrating our 35th anniversary and had our son with us...after being seated, a small amount of foccacia bread was served with no butter or olive oil and balsamic for dipping?...the party next to us hailed down their waiter and asked for olive oil and balsamic to be brought immediately...it was too late for us, as we had already eaten the small portion we were served...oh, BTW, that party had already gottten in the face of the waitress we were blessed with, and they got a different waiter..they had complained of sitting too long without being attended to their dining needs...We both ordered the hanger steak which was accompanied by an arrugala and fig salad...I ordered my steak medium rare and received it raw/rare...my wife ordered hers medium and it turned out to be medium rare...the best part of this dish was the salad..both steaks were not cooked to our order and lacked seasoning...the steak itself was boring....$28 a plate!My son had a pasta dish (Cartierra).....also looked boring on the plate...just pasta...no other accompaniment.....waiter never grated any cheese over the pasta, as was being done on other pasta dishes being served....$17In celebration of our wedding anniversary, I ordered my usual Bombay Saphire Gin and tonic...when I got my bill and found out I was charged $14 for this cocktail, I should have called the manager over and made a scene...I've NEVER in my life been charged such an exhorbitant amount for a Bombay Gin and tonic, nor would I ever expect to again in my lifetime...c'mon Mario, are you kidding me!Now for the dessert fiasco...we ordered Dolce Giorno...which was three different gellato selections, served in cream puffs...what we first got was the three different scoops of gellato served in a bowl all squished together to liken one large scoop?...when we said we had not ordered the dessert that was served, you would have thought all hell was going to break loose...the waitress's jaw dropped, like it wasn't her fault...and then the manager wanted to know why she was bringing the dessert back for a replacement?...price tag...$12All told, it was a mediocre meal...a $111 tab plus tip...I agree with the other one star commenter...these TV star restauranteurs could care less if they ever see you again, as the constant turnover of travelers to Las Vegas provides a huge pool of sitting ducks just waiting to be plucked.And by the way Mario, if you would like to try a good hanger steak, please visit the nearest Cheesecake Factory..they sell theirs as "Hibachi" steak for slightly more than half your price.Lastly, I would like to recommend a wonderful Las Vegas restaurant we dined at called Table 34..great food, wonderful service, and my gin and tonic...$8
3	Big fan of Mario.  Went to his NYC restaurant before he was famous. Otto has a nice, lively outdoor area but we opted for indoors for a more intimate evening.  The decor was nice but a little too formal for a bistro.  The Margherita pizza was evcellent, better than what we had in Rome.  The gemelli pasta with brocolli rabe and housemade sausage was really flavorful but the pasta itself was too al dente for us.  We thought they should have offered to shave some fresh parmesan on the pasta dish but they didn't.  The appetizer fritti arancine (fried rissoto) was excellent; the fritti di Prosciutto was not as good.  Pistachio and dark chocolate malt gelato was as good as it gets; really smooth, rich and flavorful.  We found the wine by the glass and by the ounce way too pricey; a 4 ounce glass of their middle of the road white and red cost as much as our entres.
5	Formerly Enoteca San Marco, the only change is the name.  The food, service, and wine list are still incredible.  I'm happy to report we've eaten here twice since our meal in August - once in September and again just a few days ago.  Louis served us again and made a very nice wine suggestion.On to the wonderful food...  Think local, sustainable food prepared fresh with the focus on the individual ingredients.  If you're looking for a quickly prepared chain restaurant type of meal, this isn't it.  If you're looking for Carraba's, Macaroni Grill, or Olive Garden type of Italian food then you'll be disappointed.  This is waaayyyy beyond and above that - this is for people who love and appreciate the freshest, locally grown ingredients prepared in a way that allows those ingredients to SHINE, prepared by chefs who love food.  This is a locavore's dream, slow eating, enjoying the moment.  It should be also be noted that Otto's is a Green Certified restaurant - water efficient, recycling, sustainable furnishing and food, no disposables (napkins, hand towels), energy efficient, and chemical and pollution reduction.  Way to go Otto!Starters - Prosecco, proscuitto, lonza, and mortadella as well as three types of cheese which are accompanied by truffled honey, apricots and mascerated cherries.  We also ordered the arancine (rice balls) and a calzone - which were cooked perfectly!  Lastly we tried the broccoli appetizer and WOW!  Wish I could make that at home.Next, the 2007 Ca' Marcanda Promis while we munched on the arugula and proscuitto pizza - thin, crispy and so incredibly fresh.  Artisanal pizza at its best!As the season changes, so does nature's offerings from the earth to Otto.  The pasta with fresh green beans, potato and pasta was so much more than I imagined it would be.  I wouldn't have ever thought to put potato with green beans - the pesto brought it all together perfectly.Lastly, Louis suggested the 2003 Tasca D'Almerita Rosso Del Conte to pair with the braised pork shoulder in an apple reduction with cucumbers & chiiis as well as the veal meatballs.  The pork shoulder is caramelized and sweet and fork-tender and my favorite.  The veal meatballs are the most tender meatballs I've ever had.  I don't know how they do it - we've tried it at home and they fall apart so easily.Another incredible meal!
4	Great lunch spot if you're not in the mood for something too fancy but better than the usual fast food place. I had the prosciutto and arugula pizza which tasted so fresh, light and wonderful. If you're not a big eater, I recommend splitting the pie with someone and if you're still hungry get an appetizer. The hostess sat us outside, so I got to enjoy the free opera show in the plaza. Overall prices were reasonable. My pie which can feed 2 ppl cost only $18. I would definitely come here for dinner too.
1	We were seated in a good table in the patio.  Nice greeting and everything goes downhill then.DO NOT come to this restaurant if you have a chance to read my review.  Both service and quality shocked me.  How could restaurant of this level survive in the competitive Vegas strip.  My gf and I ordered a glasses of champaign that was served in a wine glass.  The bubble evaporated way before she could finished the glass.  So unprofessional!As for the food, we ordered the Octopus Salad, Vongole Pizza and Pork Shoulder.  The salad came first and within seconds everything else came.  We were shocked.  The table was small and the waiter just dropped everything on it and left.  We had to put everything plate in order ourselves.  This is terrible service!  Food sucks too, the salad was not very impressive.  The pizza was baked hours ago and served dead cold.  The pork shoulder was the only dish that i would recommend for the night.  Another interesting point to note was the waiter came over asked "how's everything?".  He literally was gone before he finished asking.  It was my first diner for this Vegas trip.  I know everything is going uphill only.
3	With the name change (formerly Enoteca San Marco) came a blow to the quality of this comfortable eatery.The menu is the same.  You get to select the number of items you want to try or share from a well chosen list of cheeses, cured meats, salads, fried items and if you like, add pastas or pizzas to your starter.  Fun.Wines by the glass are still 250ml pours making them a great deal.The slip in quality is found in the service and quality of the prepared items.I am a regular and several managers and servers know me so I have never had any problem with service however, another guest sitting at the bar next to me was told that she had to pay $5 if she wanted an extra marinated cherry with her cheese course.  Another asked for additional olive oil for his bread, his server told him that they give you enough for your bread and wanted to be sure that he would not waste the additional oil.As for my food the fried cauliflower was heavily coated in uncooked batter and the pasta was extremely salty.  I sent the pasta  back but thanks to a language barrier (the busser did not speak good English), my dish returned with NO salt.Oh well.  They took it off the check and comped my wine so I was satisfied.This is still a good place for a quick bite, especially if you want to enjoy the show that is the Venetian.
3	The best part of this meal was the bread and olive oil and the salad. Seriously! My coworker and I dined here while in Vegas and looking for something quick and plentiful after spending the day at Hoover Dam. Volume we got; but on the whole it was just so-so. At least we got to people watch while dining "outside in St Mark's Square" indoors at the Venetian. We each had the Acetaia "Vinegar Maker's Salad" and shared two pizzas: Pancetta & Goat Cheese and Sausage & Peppers. I loved the salad! Nicely sized portion of lettuce, shaved parmesan reggiano, prosciutto and more! The dressing was really tangy and tasty! The Pancetta & Goat Cheese pizza tasted better, without the HUGE ASS plop of goat cheese. Really, that was too much goat cheese on each slice. And the other pizza just seemed kinda sloppy. The sausage tasted good but overall, I wish I had ordered another pizza. Gotta love celebrity restaurants in Vegas because they seem all over the place. Next time, I'll skip this one. I liked the Otto in Manhattan much better!
2	In a word, disappointing.  In another word, overpriced.The hostess asked us if we had reservations for lunch... with a total of 3 tables occupied in the entire restaurant, I don't see the point of such a perfunctory question.  After fumbling with the computer and menus at the host stand for several minutes, she led us to our table with about as much ennui as humanly possible.  Thanks for the warm greeting.I was willing to overlook the retail-wrapped bread sticks, but unfortunately nothing redeeming followed.  The bread and olive oil, as another review mentions, were unfortunately the stars.  The linguini with mussels was so poorly presented that I almost thought it was a joke.  It looked like the pasta had just been scraped off a microwave dish onto the white plate.  No garnish, just a yellowy neutral-colored heap of food.  Really, Batali? The pizza at our table looked fair, but CPK caliber.  It did little other than satiate an empty stomach.
3	If you've been to the Otto in Manhattan, then maybe you'll be tempted to try its Las Vegas counterpart like my wife and I were this past Saturday. Our hostess was cool enough to give us a 4-person table (there were just the two of us) outside on the patio, despite the fact that it was pretty full. Blessings to you. What a scene: from the people milling about outside, to the human statue across the courtyard, to the beautiful "sky" painted on the ceiling. Wife had the Margarita pizza. I had a salad and some pasta. The food was eh; much better in NY. Service was good. Prices are...well, it's Otto. Figure on $70 - $100 for two, depending on your beverages.
2	I was a bit disappointed overall. Pizzas were ok, but not very authentic and was not a fan of the crust - certainly would expect better...rigatoni with pork with swiss chard didn't look appetizing and though it was comforting, it was also very salty. 4 oz pours at 10 bucks were a bit expensive..and I probably would have been inclined to rate it 2 stars had it not been for the dessert (though again 12 bucks?)...overpriced - so 2 stars it is...8 is not so great - and I really had hoped it would be.Will not return.
4	was here with a group of 8. the service was really good, especially when one of the little ones came down with a stomach virus. they pounced on the mess and took care of us with such patience and compassion. i had a pasta dish that included sausage and broccoli rabe, it was really nice. we also ordered some cured meats and cheeses, no complaints. we sat on the patio, which was nice... good people watching but at the same time, not too distracting.
2	Las Vegas is Disneyland for adults and dining at Enoteca Otto Pizzeria in the Venetian is a pretty good representation of that.  Enoteca Otto Pizzeria has both indoor and outdoor (or pseudo outdoor) dining here.  To get the maximum faux design, you will want to eat in their outdoor dining area that is modeled after an Italian train station.The pseudo outdoor area has nice tables.  At the center of the restaurant is a cylinder train tower that appears to be used for curing meats.  The canal shoppes surround this restaurant (fake buildings, statues that come to life and that blue sky, which I think looks better here than the skies at the Forum Shops or Paris).Otto (as well as its surroundings) features that Disneyfied decor/atmosphere, but it also has the backing of a celebrity chef (Mario Batali).  We went here for lunch and the pricing was reasonable (when compared to the many overpriced Vegas restaurants).  Pizzas went about $18 while pastas were about $20 or less.  You would expect to pay at least that for most sit-down restaurants in nice Vegas casinos.The complimentary bread was packaged crispy breadsticks followed by focaccia bread (with olive oil and balsamic vinegar).  Standard stuff.We ordered the tomato, mozzarella, prosciutto, and arugula pizza.  This is one of the better pizzas Mario Batali and Nancy Silverton serve at Pizzeria Mozza in West Hollywood.  This pizza at Otto was okay but not great.  The pizzas had a thin and crispy crust, but it lacked both the flavor and the chewy and crispy texture of the Mozza crust. The flavor of the pizza at Otto was okay.  It was a little salty, but that is kind of common with these prosciutto pizzas.  The pizza had too much tomato sauce as it oozed out with each bite.We also had the Brussels sprouts with pancetta.  Brussels sprouts can be a little off-putting, but I have had good versions of it like the Brussels sprouts salad with vibrant fruit at The Bazaar or the tender Brussels sprouts with salty pancetta and creamy parsnip puree at AOC.  These Brussels sprouts were boring in flavor.In addition, the pancetta was not good.  It did not really taste like pancetta.  Instead, it tasted like country ham.  While I was not a big fan of the flavor, they were definitely generous with the portion size.Before ordering, the staff informed me that none of their pastas were housemade.  It was disappointing, but we forged ahead and went with a thick spaghetti dish that came with tomato, cured pork and onion.  Unfortunately, the pasta was served a little cold.  Also, the tomato sauce looked like it had dried on the spaghetti; it appeared that it had been sitting around for a while (it also had that appearance of re-heated pasta though I doubt the cooks would do that here).The flavor was not that great.  It just tasted liked cold tomato sauce. There was not much of the pork and onion.  My friends really did not enjoy the dish and asked the server to remove the dish.  Not something I would do.  No matter how bad I usually eat whatever is put in front of me.  What can I say?  I am a good guest.  The staff did kindly remove the item off the bill without further discussion.For dessert, they were out of our first choice (fried dates) so we settled on a scoop of housemade salted caramel gelato.  The gelato was not well presented.  They filled the gelato in a cold sundae cup.  There was not much gelato above the rim of the sundae cup though.  It was flat too--like someone had flattened the top with a spatula.Despite the presentation, the gelato was actually quite good (and better than the gelato we had at Mario Batali's other and more expensive Vegas restaurant Carnevino).  The gelato was cold and creamy.  The flavor was good.  It was both salty and sweet.  They sprinkled some sea salt on it to give it a more pronounced salty taste.  Despite the salt flavor though, the sweetness of the caramel still came across.Service was very good.  We were served by a waiter and a waitress. Both servers were dressed casually and they were friendly and funny but also polite and attentive.After having mostly positive experiences at Mozza, I was hoping that Otto could become a good Vegas spot for tasty food at reasonable prices.  Unfortunately, most of the food here was average to below average.  Otto is definitely a Vegas restaurant in how it makes the most of its faux but still nice atmosphere.  Unfortunately, the food here is too similar to many other Vegas restaurants in how it is not worth the money and lacking in both flavor and quality ingredients.Complimentary parking (including valet) is available at the Venetian Hotel.
4	Pork Shoulder was one of the best I've ever had. Thought the focaccia bread was excellent and everything we tried was good.  The service was a little slow - but when we ate, it was pretty packed.  Definitely will come back again next time we're in town!
4	no muss no fuss.  great service, great food, reasonably priced for a celebrity chef restaurant in vegas.i ate with a bunch of old men as we were in town for the shot show.  the server was well versed in the menu, answered all my silly questions like, what kind of flour do you use for the pizza crust:)i had a plain jane margherita pizza.  19 bucks.  super thin crispy crust, the mozz is to die for, the sauce was a little on the acidic side but worked great  with the mozz and basil.  my so's dad had the pork shoulder which was also soooo good, the sauce was an iverna (sp?) and apple juice reduction.  he's getting up there in years and often doesn't finish a plate, but he asked the waiter for more bread so he could mop up the last of the sauce on his plate.the pasta was great! cooked perfectly, cute little meat balls.  good sauce.the caprese salad was awesome, they fire roasted the toms because it's january and real tomatoes are out of season.   we also had the brussels and speck which was amazing.  the sprouts were carmelized without being mushy and the speck was nice and only a little smokey.  a little dash of vinegar really livened it up.the gelatos were great too, caramelized cara cara oranges with orange gelato and vanilla gelato... tasted like the best orange creamsicle EVER.all in all, we were 6 people.  two glasses of wine and a beer and three coffees and the bill was only 250.  fine dining for the unitiated!
2	I can't give half stars...but if I could...I would give this place a 2.5. I would have to say the service was very good. Our server was very knowledgable about the menu and suggested some good appetizers and entrees, well at least he made it seem like they were good. There were 9 in our party. We ordered a cheese platter with some nice condiments like apricot marmalade, cherries and honey that went amazingly well with the ricotta cheese. I don't remember what other cheeses we ordered, I think there were like 8 different kinds on there. They were cheeses that you could buy at Trader Joe's or Whole Foods or even possibly at an Italian Deli, which I'm sure would be way better. That platter alone was about $30 and we ordered 2 different pizzas....might I say I had better. I would prefer a Pizza from Pizzamania in Long Beach, Ca. over the pizza from Otto.My boyfriend and I had a Grilled Pork Chop for our entree, the server suggested for the pork to be cooked medium rare...but when we got it it was well done and dry. I'm just glad there were juices from the pork that I could dip my meat in. I didn't want to send it back because we've waited long enough for our food. All the other pastas that everyone else in our party ordered looked like below avg pastas. I've had waaaay better pasta cooked by yours truly. Like any other restaurant in Las Vegas, everything was over priced for the way it tasted. It wasn't anything special. It's not a place that I would recommend to others. I never like Mario Batali that Orange Croc wearing chef...he seems to be way to over arrogant for the menu at Otto. I don't think I would go there again. Just Sayin!!!
4	I had been here before the name change.  I like it better now. We had a great waitress (Susan).  She was attentive, helpful, and had great insight into Vegas history and sights.  We split the verdure grande platter.  Everything on it was excellent, except the beets.  (They were probably fine, but I don't care for them.)  I loved the garbanzos with tuna, the farro, the lentils and the squash.  The broccoli with chile was fine, as was the eggplant caponata.  I wish I had asked for the marinated olives.  Jeff and I split a pizza that had goat cheese, prosciutto and a light tomato sauce.  The dough was thin and crisp.  The saltiness of the prosciutto was ameliorated by the sliced green onions and the cheese.  A bit salty, but a delicious bite.  We were lucky that the olive oil gelato was available.  Each bite was excellent.  There were buttery, flowery notes, but not the gross mouth feel nor overly sweet aftertaste of some ice creams.  We had it with the pear and chocolate gelatos.  Excellent service.  Excellent food.  Nice location.  (A little pricey.)
2	The food was pretty good but the server was so bad it ruined our experience.  Everything you could imagine a server could do wrong happened...Better service would have bumped this review to a 3.5 or 4 star spot.
2	I wish I could give 2.5 stars.  Jim G. and I frequented this place when it was Enoteca San Marco.  Even when we previously enjoyed this place, we recognized that this was a snacks, wine, dessert kind of place.  We were never blown away by the dinner plates.  Now, with the change, things seem to have gotten worse.We started with a salad we had loved before, the Buratta Pesto Caprese.  The cheese is excellent, as are the pine nuts.  The pesto was lacking and the tomatoes were stewed instead of fresh! What?!?! Weird.We also shared some Verdure: Olives (plentiful dish of olives), Lentils Alla Toscana (always solid), and Eggplant Caponata (decent).  Our server had to use a rolodex looking device to explain the Caponata to us. She better have been new; she was slow, inattentive, and not too bright.We shared a pasta and a pizza.  Both bleh! We had the Rigatoni with Pork Belly and Swiss Chard, and cheese.  How is it possible that this dish has no flavor whatsoever?!?!  One of the most boring dishes ever. What a waste!  We also shared the Sausage and Peppers pizza.  Terrible.  It says Pizzeria in the name!  Sausage was bland, pizza was apparently salt free, and the sauce was flavorless.  Waste of time.I did not expect fine dining here, but damn, this was disappointing.  Usually Batali places offer a minimum of quality.  Otto is sad. Too pricey for such mediocre food and service.
5	the pork belly rigatoni was amazing. i couldn't get enough of it. our service was really good. with a large, not so sober group, that's hard to come by. i also loved the anchovy pizza and cheese selections (although i wish they had bread for the cheese. the foccacia they service is great, just not for pairing with cheese).
4	Delizioso!  I had the best puttanesca ever!  I changed the pasta style to spaghettini and it was amazing.  The service was also excellent.  My husband had the spaghetti and meatballs.  He said that the meatballs were very good.  There was live entertainment in front of us, which added to the fun experience.  There's an Otto in New York.  I'll have to try that one, too.  Hopefully, the New York version makes awesome puttanesca.  Fingers crossed!
4	Thankfully, after leaving Lagasse's Stadium, we gave Otto a chance.  We were greeted by a friendly host and quickly sat at a table waited on by Chad.  Chad was not only a great server, he guided our food orders as to not order astray.We started with Mozzarella and Anchovy in Carrozza (a fried anchovy and mozzarella sandwich served with a fennel salad), 3 cheese plate consisting of burrata, buffalo mozzarella and goat cheese.  The cheeses were served with black truffle honey, macerated apricots and cherries.  Wow!  The cheeses and accompaniments were amazing.  The sandwich was good and quite rich.We decided to go with pizza as our main course.  I chose pacetta and goat cheese and my wife ordered the pepperoni.  The pizzas were good.  Mine was on the salty side and mellowed out by the slightly sweet sauce and the richness of the goat cheese.  My wife's was basically an upscale pepperoni pizza.  We opted to pass on dessert.So how does this deserve 4 stars?  It was upon our return the next evening.  We asked to be seated with Chad and he delivered once again.  We started out with the same cheese plate as before.  Equally delicious.  I opted to go for the Vongole pizza (olive oil sauce, mozzarella, clams and chili).  The pizza came to the table with the clams still in the shells.  The pizza was rich and creamy without being overload.  My wife ordered the Gemelli pasta (house sausage and broccoli rabe).  The pasta had a nice bite from the rabe.  We passed on dessert this evening as well.Otto had consistent solid food with great service.  I will be back on my next trip to Vegas.
2	It was a lot better than the last time I was here.The pizzas we got (Margherita and especially the Funghi Misti) were pretty good... but the Rigatoni... it was served raw in my opinion.  It was crunchy in the middle.  We tried telling our server but he made it sound like it was meant to be undercooked because that's how the real Italian makes it.  He then took the pasta back and made it sound like he was doing us a favor by cooking it a bit longer.  What a snob?!?! I know some people undercook the pasta just a bit for better texture.  But what we got was not undercooked a bit... it was undercooked a whole LOT.
3	Not impressed.I only came here because I was sold on the "best carbonara ever" but it was not Sunday, so there was no carbonara.+ convenience of making reservations on Opentable on my phone- being seated in the second to worst place in the restaurant (back corner by a wall)+ great service+/- focaccia- appetizer of fried stuff (if I had just gotten the fried risotto balls and paid $9 for 4 balls, I would not have been a happy camper) the butternut squash fries were okay+ tri tip was the best dish- mussel/saffron fettuccine was super al dente and really not good (but "cheap" in Vegas pricing)+/- lamb osso buco was okay the lamb sauce was pretty good but the pasta was also al dente, but not undercooked like the mussel pasta dishI'll only come back from the carbonara, that's it.
2	1 star for the food, and an additional star for the cheese plate and service.The food was HORRIBLE!  Pizza sauce tasted like it came out of a can!  The pasta was under cooked (some pieces were crunchy).  The waiter even said that is exactly how he got his when he had it too.  He knew it was under cooked as well.  Also, the food was fairly over priced (especially for what you got)... the $1.00 frozen pizzas had LOTS more flavor than the margarita pizza (and better sauce)!
2	This is the lower end of Italians restaurants go in the Venetian, but since it is the Venetian is still isn't that cheap either.  It's far from "fine dinging" but maybe a step above casual as well.  The bread was good and so was the service.  But with the food it seems like they were just not trying too hard.  The food has always been good, but not too amazing, just decent.  A lot of it looking like it came out of a can and was Microwaved.  Mario Batali's name is plastered over the place, but  it seems like many of the Vegas restaurants in Vegas where the famous chef might have came up with the fancy sounding names on the menu, cashes his check and disappeared.  Plus, they are very pushy on the wine, which looks to be where the money is.  Don't order wine, don't expect to see your waiter muchSome of the other reviews kinda hint at fake Italian for tourists, but it's Vegas, is is pretty much all "Fake ____ for tourists."  This is clearly that, though.  It's not great, it's just not good and far from authentic or exciting.  I suppose it is still good food and a decent atmosphere, but you can do better, especially in Vegas.
3	I loved how the menu was set up with lots of small plates and many vegetable options.  The portions were small and perfect for sharing.  The spicy broccoli, eggplant Milanese and grilled radicchio were very tasty. My spicy bucatini pasta was outstanding and the perfect size.  We left full but not stuffed.  Nice decor and great for people watching. I did not care for how the wine list wad set up and some of the prices were ridiculous even for Vegas.  Food prices were in line with quality.  Recommend.
5	Hands down the best, real italian food you could ever eat. My girlfriend and I eat here every time we visit las vegas, and ive been true to all of batalli's retaurants since living in New York. Every bite is loaded with flavor.. Now I gotta visit Mozza in LA!!!
4	We had a terrific lunch.  I had the pizza.  Everyone else had different dishes.  We all loved everything.  Melissa was a good server as well.  Very personable and attentive.
4	came here for my bday dinner pt 3 i liked the dim lightning inside the venetian & the sky wallpaper view & we had a snug lil table in the corner in the exterior of the restaurant - apps had the fried bread thing w/ marinara w/ cheese was yumm entree had the clam angel hair in white wine tried the spaghetti & meatballs & the goat cheese pizza xtra thin crust which i like! =] yay mario batali!
4	What do you expect from a restaurant catering to tourists who're anxious to get back to the slot machines, with "outside" seating near a simulated canal, under a high ceiling painted sky blue with clouds?  We had a wonderful meal, although electing to eat "inside".  The server was friendly and attentive, and each of our pastas were delicately flavored.  The wines were accurately described and generously poured.  We'd eat there again
3	I was working inside the Venetian and went here for dinner with work associates after a long day. They offer gluten free pasta. It was good and convenient. Nothing totally amazing. They have a good and extensive wine list. I also had a bloody mary here a different day and it was delicious (we had a hard time finding bloodys in Vegas).
4	Besides Tao, this was another Venetian hotel restaurant that I did some research and looked forward to experiencing. Also; I think Mario Batali is one of the least obnoxious Chefs on the Food Network AND I LOVE, LOVE GOOD AUTHENTIC ITALIAN FOOD!! It also reminds me of past travels abroad. Simulated outdoor dining ha! Your view is a pretty good replica of St. Mark's square in Venice, ahem... minus the Cathedral, sexy Italian guys, and pigeon poop LOL! I like to eat earlier rather than later in the evening (better for your health) so I did not have to wait for a table at 5:30PM. Before I talk about what I ate I have to share that while waiting for my libation; I saw that there was a crowd gathering and I noticed that they were mesmerized by a damn Mime that was supposed to look like an ancient, white, venetian statue. The Venetian Hotel was playing along, with strategic lighting and a platform for her to stand on. Of course she only moved when a tourist gave her some money - and then they took pics standing next to the sham. I totally detest that kind of shiz but did not let it upset my appetite and just laughed at how funny people are *rolling eyes* MMMMmmmmmmm okay here were go: I actually chose starters again but all were so delicious and are ranked by delectability below: Fried Risotto Balls = OMG! I forgot the actual menu name, but I think you get like 4 of them for $9. Imagine if you will; warm, cheesy risotto rolled into a ball and flash fried to a crunchy golden brown. Non greasy goodness and they were gone within a blink. Prosciutto di Parma = Dry cured ham that melts in your mouth. This is not your down stream prosciutto but actually imported from a little but well know town of Parma. To learn more about why I had to try this specialty: http://www.italyinsf.com/2008/10/21/prosciutto-di-parma/ Roasted Beets with Saba = Even if you are not a beet fan, this is a pleasing, light and healthy balance to the fried risotto balls. I was happy to see their choice of yellow and orange beets instead of the same ol boring red. The roasted flavor is immediate and the Saba, which is a cooked grape juice really made it pop, another good choice. I'm actually going back to the Venetian in a few days and will plan on trying their squash blossoms, grilled radicchio w/ smoked mozzarella and braised pork shoulder. Stay tuned!
1	Don't waste your money.  This was one of the worst restaurants I have ever been in, no excuses for it being Las Vegas. 1. The waitress was a snob and used hard sell tactics.  She made outragious claims about the food.  She told us "everything" was organic.  Not likely.  She went on to say how the quality of everything was so special that none of us would have every had anything that good.  I have been in the food business for years and was insulted by her implication that we were country bumpkins. When we didn't order the dessert she told us not to get any from the adjascent vendor, cause it had artificial colors and flavors.  WTF.  When she couldn't sell us "everything" she abruptly left and pretty much ignored us for most of the time we were there.2, There were 6 of us.  (2) couples EACH shared a salad and one entree. The other couple each had a entree, no salad.  No one had dessert and only one person had a drink (a coke).  The bill was 180.00  I could stop here but.........3. When my husband and I asked for the dressing for the octopus salad to be on the side, she pretty much rebuked us and said it was the best lemon vinaigrette we had ever tasted and we must have it on the salad.  Ok, we did.  Never even tasted it.  The salad was $14.00 and had a couple of pieces of octopus and a couple of pieces of potato.  It was ordinary.4. My husband and I ordered the Grimalini.  It was so undercooked that I could not eat it.  The waitress overheard me say this and after commenting that I didn't understand what al dente was took it back.  When it finally came back, it was almost the same as it had been.  There was about (3) tablespoons of overcooked dried out sausage and some rapini (not bad).  I did not eat it at all. The bread was aweful and my husband had to ask for oil. 5. My husband's uncle ordered the meat balls and spaghetti.  It was the smallest portion I have ever seen for an entree.  There was a handful of marble sized meat balls???? I can only imagine what they tasted like.6.  The others didn't complain about their meals.7. While waiting to go to the ladies room I could see into the kitchen.  There was a large tub of chicken sitting out unrefrigerated.  It was there when we came in and it was there when we left.  Someone call the health department.Mario Batteli YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING.  Take a look at your restaurant.  If this is the best you can do................
1	Mediocre food at inflated prices. I have had much better italian food for much less. In fact I make better Italian dishes and I am a lousy cook and not even Italian!The only thing redeeming about this place was the wine and a great waitstaff.
5	This place is AMAZING! Their pork shoulder might just be the best thing I've ever eaten! When I first took a bite, I thought I had died and gone to heaven it was so good! First of all, the sauce complimented the pork really well. It was a great balance of sweet and salty with a little bit of tangy-ness. Second of all, the pork itself. There aren't words to describe it. It was juicy, flavorful, and tender. I've had a lot of pork that was dry and overcooked, but this one was complete perfection! Sure, the service was a little slow, but it was very crowded, and once I had a bite of that pork shoulder, all my annoyance at the wait vanished! This one dish almost made me wish I lived in Las Vegas so I could have it more often!
2	Ok, I came to this place expecting nothing less than GREAT, I was disappointed, the restaurant was beautiful, the service was fine but the food was so salty that we only took two bites, I never complaint to the wait staff and I didn't do it this time either, but when they came to clear our plates and saw that we barely touch our food they didn't ask if anything was wrong, just assume we weren't hungry? I'm really disappointed... :-(
5	Fresh. Flavorful. Simple. Delicious. The food is made from some of the highest quality ingredients anywhere in America. This is a restaurant for foodies. The cured meats, the pasta, the pizzas, the pork shoulder, the Osso Buco, were all just fantastic. Talk to the staff, nearly all of them are food geeks. If you like really good hand made food from only the highest quality ingredients, go. Also, the manage Ralph Treszi is one of the most accommodating and professional people I have met in the food and beverage industry. I have been nearly ten times (I found it through the Molto Vegas Farmer's Market) and will continue as long as the quality and service stay they same.
5	We had an amazing experience at Otto recently for lunch. Everything was amazing: our server was amazing, the menu was amazing, our food was amazing, and our table on the patio was amazing (in the shadow of the intriguing leaning tower of salumi). I had to chuckle when the waitress took our pasta orders and mentioned that the pasta was prepared al dente but she could have it cooked more if we wanted, so it would be soft. It was a sweet offer. Perhaps she mistook us for people from the Midwest or something, but I laughed out loud (which was not polite, but it was a gut reaction) when my 8 year old said he liked his pasta cooked properly -- al dente. She understood the message precisely and what we received was perfectly cooked pasta with extremely flavorful sauces. So flavorful, in fact, that we acted like we were from the Midwest and sopped up the sauce from the empty plates with our bread. :) We didn't really want to leave so we looked at the dessert menu. I almost choked on my tongue when my teenager said he wanted the "three flavors of gelato for $12". WHAT, I thought. (Not really.  "What?" is what I said; WTF is what I thought.)  But then both kids wanted that, and after reading the flavors we all wanted that. So we picked our three flavors, all four of us, and -- I CAN'T BELIEVE IT -- spent almost $50 on essentially four scoops of ice cream. But what ice cream it was. Awesome textures and flavors. The Olive Oil gelato was the most interesting ice cream I've ever eaten.  An experience we are glad we didn't miss. We'll certainly return on a future visit to Las Vegas, or New York, or Los Angeles, or
5	Yummy!!  We ate family style, ordering several kinds of meats, cheeses, olives, sausage and pepper pizza, and house made gelattos.  It was all really great.  The wine list is terrific, staff was super informed and helpful. The front patio is fun to people watch and to see the street performers, and listen to the singers. We really enjoyed it and will definitely come back.
5	Another AMAZING meal at Otto!  We met Leo for the first time, and he was very pleasant.  We started (as usual) with a glass of prosecco and some meats (testa & mortadella) and cheeses (ricotta, pecorino, and gorgonzola), ordered a bottle of red italian (bastianichi), had a some fried squash blossoms filled with cheese and slightly, gently seasoned with sardines, and ricotta balls mixed with cherry peppers, green olives, and whatever else makes them taste so amazing!  We then finished with the ricotta meatballs - juicy, delicate, and oh so good!  Thought we were done?  Oh no!  Louis (loved seeing you again, Louis!) remembered that we enjoyed our amaro and generously allowed us to try Zack's own blends - what a great way to prepare for dessert!  I had no idea Zack was making his own versions, and they are very tasty - a green walnut and an almond that stand up against my favorite's.  To finish it off we had a trifecta of seasonal gelato (remember, this restaurant is all about seasonal, slow food) of nectarine, plum, and blueberries.  Went home and laid by the pool, basking in the gloriousness of a great day after a great meal, thanks to the good folks at Otto!BTW - I was reading Bonnie's review from June and although I'm sure their party didn't enjoy their meal I am convinced there is a bit of exaggeration in her review.  The meatballs are not, nor have they ever been "marble sized", and in my experience (having eaten there many, many times) the past is cooked perfectly.  All I can think is that their party was not accustomed to eating seasonal foods a la slow food style.  I'm sorry to hear they didn't enjoy their experience.  If you enjoy the freshest, local ingredients and are prepared to enjoy your meal, I have no doubt it will be an exceptional experience!  If you're looking for a $5 slice of pepperoni pizza with generic cheese, try somewhere else.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. After being completely blown away by the service and food at the other Batali restaurants we have patron-ed I was looking forward to a great lunch date on my recent spur of the moment Vegas trip. Although I was happy overall with my meal, I was not like BLOWN away with it nor was I extremely impressed with the service. I cannot put my finger on it exactly but our server, although pleasant was the not caliber of server I expect for this price point. A fifty dollar lunch is a fifty dollar lunch and my server should not have tacky black and white stars chipping nail polish, a wrinkled shirt, and not be extremely knowledgeable about the menu. The food came out at a good pace, we have the fried saffron rice balls, which were nice, the meats plate with some salami, and then split a pizza. The best thing about this place was the pizza crust. So thin and crisp I think it was a deciding factor in us picking up a new pizza stone at Williams and Sonoma on the drive home.  In closing, a perfectly adequate meal but for the price I was expecting to be wow'd a little more and definitely to have a more professional waitstaff.
4	I was disappointed with the other Batali/Bastianich joint, so I was a bit hesitant on coming here.  Unfortunately that wasn't the case.I sat down with friends and ordered a corkscrew pasta dish with pulled lamb, mint, and tomatoes.  I was hoping that the sheer simplicity would work.  Luckily, it did, and it was delicious.  The pairing with the house red also helped quite a bit as well.  Our server was pretty cool and helped to curb any suggestions that our group had throughout the evening.My only gripe were the stupid pigeons who decided to camp on the fake balcony, which was right over my entree.  I had to move the dish out the way several times in hopes that I wouldn't have a poop surprise on my plate.  Fortunately, it wasn't the case.Overall, I enjoyed this more than the other B/B place, and would definitely come back ... as long as the pigeons were somewhere else.
3	Sitting under a faked blue sky, ALMOST feel like I was in Europe...almost.The service was pleasant. And, the pasta was yummy. It was a nice chilled late sunday lunch.
4	One of the best lunches we had in Vegas. Go Batali! We shared a Sausage and pepper pizza which was very delicious. But my favorite was his Capress salad! It was so addicting I kept thinking about it! The mix of pine nuts with the fresh juicy cherry tomatoes and pesto sauce blended with cheese (not mozzarella sorry forget what he used) was out of this world refreshing especially in Hot Hot Vegas! The we had a blend of Olive oil, almond milk, vanilla bean gelato. Can we say YUMMY, and yes maybe the Olive oil kind of sound weird but it was a light salty flavor which only just enhanced the other 2 flavors we selected. The servers were attentive, it seemed like we had two with a main one, but not overly friendly. Service was good until we got to dessert because I think the girl forgot to put our order in (oops). But nothing could deter our experience because the food was just that superb!
5	great food, spectacular viwe of the san marcos square ( Las Vegas style)great wine selection.everytime we came to Vegas we always stop here and never once we were disappointed.keep up the good work
5	THE SECRET $25 ANTIPASTO   is as as good as it gets in Las Vegas . You can only get it if you ask for it and sit at the antipasto bar and is only available 3pm-7pm and after dinner time 10pm on till? . YOU GET ENOUGH FOOD TO FEED TWO PEOPLE!Holy Giovanni! you get close to 12 different samplings , mostly vegetable salads and cheeses and then some house made meats next following some of the tastiest fried Italian samplers you can imagine even biscotti samples.We got for only $25Rosemary Focacciathree cheeses with three toppingsassorted house cured meatsarancine (fried rice balls with cheese)fried prosciutto ballsfried cauliflowergrilled radicchio with smoked mozzarellasummer vegetables and farroroasted beets with sabaeggplant caponatabiscotti (last time 2 this time 4 all different)We've had this special two years in a row , this time it had less in the salad courses  (smaller plates but more in the fried. )STILL for only $25. this can't be missed and you have to ask for it since it isn't posted . It's a reason to dine in Las Vegas. I think only offered near the Antipasto Bar if you ask.This is the best gift Las Vegas can give us you feel like a WINNER!This is a Mario Batali Restaurant in the Venetian .
1	Terrible service.  Expensive - especially for terrible service. Food was okay, but seemed overpriced.Waiter was not good.  Slow, chatting with his fellow servers in the back bar area.  Lacked passion or interest in what he was doing (maybe he thought his white apron and ponytail were all he needed?!)  Waiter brought our salad right away, but where were the drinks we ordered? 10 minutes later, I had to go find him and ask him about our drinks!No olive oil/balsamic dip at our table and a few paltry pieces of bread...next table had a huge pile of bread and dipping oil.  Gee, thanks guy.Food was okay, but we ordered very basic...kinda hard to ruin a salad with shaved cheese and a basic pizza.Waited with empty glasses...no check back.  We ate largely ignored...terrible service.  I paid the check, then nicely advised the restaurant manager that the service was terrible.Too many other good places to eat in Las Vegas - skip it!
3	This Otto is just like the original in NYC, only more expensive. We came here for a light snack after an afternoon of drinking as it was one of the closer restaurants in sight. Because I have visited the NYC Otto on several occasions and knew that most prepared foods are not their strong suit, we ordered just a few of the verdure vegetable plates to share. Just as I had expected, the cold vegetables were all pretty good and affordable as 5 sizable portions cost just under $30. Ask for a couple of refills of their complimentary focaccia and your party can have a pretty filling snack for cheap even in the Venetian.
4	Y-E-S. Now..although this restaurant felt a teensy bit like a chain restaurant (must have been the look and feel of the menus and the paper-wrapped breadstick appetizers), I still enjoyed it immensely. Just make sure you can find it on your own accord since not one staff member we asked at the Venetian knew where it was. Strange.We started the night off with the squash fritti, which was basically a french fry in squash form. I am a fan of anything fried, so you can't really go wrong here. The fritti were perfectly crispy--also a plus in my book.I ordered the braised pork shoulder, which I was told by two servers was the best thing on the menu. It was melt in your mouth delicious! This is a no nonsense dish for those who like meat. Very few frills...just some vegetables sprinkled on top and some balsamic around the plate. Both complimented this dish very well. That's really all an avid meat-lover like me can ask for!My friend who dined with me is admittedly not adventurous when it comes to food, so she stuck with the spaghetti and meatballs. I got one bite of a meatball, which I could barely pry away from her on account of her loving it so much. Hard for me to tell much about it in one bite, but it seemed like a very standard meatball.We finished off the meal with a dark chocolate cake, dark chocolate gelato, graham cracker gelato and meringue all tucked into a martini shaped glass. Very yummy, and also a recommendation from our fabulous server from Turin (so sorry I failed to get his name!). Service was fabulous, and all servers within a 10 table radius were attentive and helpful, regardless of whether you were their responsibility or not. Last but not least, I have to mention the music selection. Since Mario had been dinged for his music choice at Babbo before, I must commend his Black Crowes song flowing from the speakers inside. A little "Sister Luck" never hurt anyone before.
1	Extremely disappointing service.  The 2 girls who are the hostesses had very poor customer service skills and  they wer both ugly to boot - Friday, Sept 2nd.  Had a reservation and wanted a table by the rails and they ship us to timbuktu and when I asked for a closer table so that we can see more of hte "square" they acted as though this was the greatest incovenience.  And to punish us, took 20 minutes to set this up and all others were booked.  then the bus boy was stupid and we did not get our bread until 10 minutes into the meal when our salad was being served.  The food was great and reasonable but the by the glass wine selections were very poor and over priced.  But these 2 ugly girls should be fired for their very poor service - not a great first impression for this restaurant - one star is even over-rated - should have zero stars.
4	We were wandering around the Venetian, and decided to stop here for a late lunch. We didn't want to have a heavy lunch, so we decided to order light. We had:Ricotta fritte - absolutely amazing. You must get this appetizer if you come here!!!!!!Arancine fritte - these were okQuattro formaggio pizza - this was ok. The only thing different was that each slice of pizza had a different cheese rather than a blend of cheeses all over the whole thing.Balsamic onion pizza - this was their special of the day. It was sooooo good. I've never had a pizza like this. The contrast of the balsamic onions with the ricotta cheese was an awesome combo. If you feel like having a little snack, stop by here for the ricotta fritte. My mouth is watering just thinking of them, lol :)
4	I really like this place for its simple dishes yet fresh, flavorful ingredients.  We ordered a variety of things, including their cheese platter (served with truffle honey, cherries and fresh orange marmalade- the best condiments a cheese could ever have), a sampler of various cold tapas (7 small dishes in all which were all pretty good), a margherita pizza, a few pasta dishes, and their osso bucco which was flavorful but not as tender as I would have liked it (it also didn't have the bone marrow which I normally love in osso bucco).
4	My husband and I made a dinner reservation, but we didn't need it since it was empty when we arrived.The plastic wrapped bread sticks kind of turned off me at first. I got the eggplant pizza and it was amazing! My husband and I shared the gelato afterwards and got the olive oil, vanilla bean, and pistachio flavors. The olive oil was amazing! Never had anything like that before and was honestly a little wary of trying it, but I'm so glad we did!
5	Stopped in for a 'snack' before a show.  Let them know we were in a hurry and they were more than accommodating.  The waitress was prompt and the food was fantastic.  The pizza was unbelievable.  It was around $15 or so for a personal size (we shared, it was a snack) and was perfect.This restaurant is perfect where it counts, execution and quality of ingredients.  The ambience is nice, inside the venetian canal shops.  Highly recommend and will be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Was taken here by my Dad because it was a Mario Batali restaurant.  The setting was awesome, inside of the never-dark Venetian Hotel.  The food was pretty good and the ambiance was nice.  I just think the menu was expensive.  Sorry, can't remember what I ate, but I do remember that the food was really good.
4	In the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes is this little taste of Italy.  I cannot wait to visit the one in New York.  The pizzas are fantastic--margarita, pepperoni, etc.  I had the Fra Diavolo which was wonderful and not heavy dish.  The atmosphere is electric.  It is a great place for a business dinner or a group meal--Lots of fun.  We need one of these in Georgetown!
3	It really pains me to give this place just a 3 star rating.  The food is definitely 4 star all around.  The pizza a 5.  Why the 3 stars you ask?  The Service!  The service was not great, heck it wasn't even good.  Let's get the bad part of the review out of the way.  We were seated towards the side near the back, and behind us were 2 other tables that the waitstaff had to keep squeezing by us to get back there.  Annoying.Our drinks were not kept filled, in fact, I think the waitress only asked once if we needed anything.  Other than that, she would walk by us very quickly and just say Enjoy.  At once point another table was madly and frantically waving their arms to get her attention, so she went over there to help them, and promptly disappeared before taking our dessert order.  She was gone quite awhile.  When she did come back, she took our order, but didn't write it down.  Time goes by, she comes back and double checks my order, and said, Oh, I got it wrong then, I'll have to put it in again.The restaurant was not that busy, and this type of service was inexcusable in my book.  Especially at the prices you are paying.  I know its Vegas, everything is overpriced, but for a casual restaurant some prices were high for what you got (mostly talking about dessert). Plus we were not told about any specials, then a few minutes later we hear our waitress reciting specials to the table next to us!We ordered an appetizer of fried eggplant.  The order was much bigger than I expected.  The waitress asked if I wanted dipping sauce with it, so I said yes.  Turns out that dipping sauce was an extra $2.  Thats fine, but I hate when restaurants do that, I feel like I'm getting the wool pulled over my eyes.  Eggplant and sauce were delicious.We got a margherita pizza which was FABULOUS!  Crust, sauce and cheese were perfect!the 2 salads were good, and decently sized (we got 2 smalls instead of sharing a large one)Dessert, we each got a trio of gelato.  One combo was chocolate malt, espresso and graham cracker.  Second set was huckleberry sorbet, concord grape sorbet and vanilla gelato.  Each item tasted great, but the portions were skimpy for the accompanying price tag of $12 each set.  I know they are using local ingredients etc.  But when 2 desserts tally $24 they better be mind blowing and they werent.Would I go back? Yes, especially for the pizza.
4	Had lunch here while in Vegas. Food was awesome, waitstaff was very friendly/efficient, desert was seriously yummy. Would eat here again in a second.
4	Otto Enoteco Pizzeria's was delicious. We went here for a friend's birthday party, and it was great, we had the back room to ourselves, which was nice. In addition, the thin crusted pizza came out perfectly. We had a veggie one and a pepperoni one, both were delicious. Our friend's also ordered the cheese platter, which could easily be shared with 3-4 people easily. It wasn't that great, so you could easily get another appetizer instead. But the atmosphere and pizza are great here.
4	Stopped here on a whim on Saturday early evening. Service was pleasant and ambiance was okay. Had roasted broccoli (okay) and grilled radicchio with mozz, drizzled with balsamic. It was one of the most fun things I have eaten. It was bitter, salty and sweet and the interplay was delightful. I could've eaten a huge plate of this! Partner enjoyed sausage and broccoli rabe pasta (very good) and I had three cheese selections and the prosciutto. Loved the honey with black truffle, brandied cherries and apricot jam that the cheese came with, and had a fine, fun time, wrapping up different packages of cheese and condiments in the prosciutto. Too full for dessert though I liked the gelato offerings. Drinks especially are overpriced.
4	Mario Batali, you definitely know how to cook!  I went here for my niece's bachelorette party this past weekend and it was delicious food.  We all loved the cauliflower pasta the best (Rigatoni).  The Margherita pizza is also a must have.  But the best part of the meal was..... dessert!!  We ordered 5 desserts to share among 10 girls and each dessert was amazing!  One of my favorites was the dark chocolate.  The service was a bit slow but having 10 gals to chat with, made up for it!Would love to try the New York Otto someday.
4	I have watched Mario on TV and have never been that impressed but my opinion just changed after a meal here. Located in the Venetian, open air next to the ongoings in the main "square" food was a great surprise. We ordered the ricotta and pancetta fritters, one was cheesy other was salty, mix those and it was delicious! Paired them with 2 glasses of Italian wines (recc by the staff) and the sausage-pepper pizza. Yum the crust was just right with burnt edges, fresh ingredients esp the meats, he has a rotating meat stand in the center of the restaurant. Loved it! Decor is lovely reminding one of a outdoor place in Italy. Definitely worth a stop here!
3	It's overpriced but what do you expect from the Venetian.  This is probably one of the only 3 stars I frequent a few times a year because I'll bring guests here.  What I like is that you can get more authentic unique Italian dishes such as the Bucatini all' Amatriciana.  All of the pastas are served really al dente and salted because it is cooked in the pasta salt water.   The taste is real rich becuase it is cooked in bacon...yummmThe rigatoni is also really delicious which is small spiral shaped pasta served in a cauliflower ragu with garlic and chili flakes...very tasty.The pastas were delicious but they are around $15-20 and come in small portions.  I think this place is a good spot for lunch, but as many other reviewers have mentioned, the service is attrociious.I stiffed someone for the first time in years and for someone who's worked in F&B in my past life, it takes alot to do this.  Nevertheless, the food is good.
5	Another AMAZING meal at Otto!  We met Leo for the first time, and he was very pleasant.  We started (as usual) with a glass of prosecco and some meats (testa & mortadella) and cheeses (ricotta, pecorino, and gorgonzola), ordered a bottle of red italian (bastianichi), had a some fried squash blossoms filled with cheese and slightly, gently seasoned with sardines, and ricotta balls mixed with cherry peppers, green olives, and whatever else makes them taste so amazing!  We then finished with the ricotta meatballs - juicy, delicate, and oh so good!  Thought we were done?  Oh no!  Louis (loved seeing you again, Louis!) remembered that we enjoyed our amaro and generously allowed us to try Zack's own blends - what a great way to prepare for dessert!  I had no idea Zack was making his own versions, and they are very tasty - a green walnut and an almond that stand up against my favorite's.  To finish it off we had a trifecta of seasonal gelato (remember, this restaurant is all about seasonal, slow food) of nectarine, plum, and blueberries.  Went home and laid by the pool, basking in the gloriousness of a great day after a great meal, thanks to the good folks at Otto!-----------------------------------------------Went back twice while Nicole was here during Thanksgiving!  On Monday the 21st we were served by Keira - very nice lady!  We had our usual meats, cheeses, and prosecco.  Then ricotto fritters (DAMN!  They're good), brussel sprout pizza (love seasonal cooking), and of course the pork shoulder with Averna sauce. Nice finish with some amaro & coffee. Another great meal, and then...Returned again on Friday, the 25th and brought Nicole and my niece Alexandra for the first time. Yeah, Luis was there!  Melanie, the hostess was on top of it and remembered he's one of our favorites (we also love Chad, Sabrina, Miguel, haven't seen Leo in awhile, and Keira was really nice too).  Luis treats us so well, remembers what we like, so of course we were thrilled to start off with prosecco, meats, and cheeses. Ricotta fritters (we just can't quite get 'em right at home), a really fresh broccoli salad, anchovie pizza (I dislike anchovies, but my husband and Alexandra were in heaven), & pasta in a simple but decadent  butter and pepper sauce.  Luis suggested a pretty Chianti - I usually find them harsh and too dry but this one was really nice - good choice. We finished with the Otto sundae, fried lemon custard & cappuccinos. Luis surprised us with a little amaro (Montenegro & Mirto are our favorites - I also love Nonino).  Another fabulous meal!
4	Our favorite place we had on our trip to Vegas! We came here on a Sunday night and it was pretty filled up. It had great ambiance and we were sitting "outside" on their patio. The service was quick, efficient, and informative and our bus boy was actually AMAZING. My boyfriend, who is a heavy water drinker, never had his glass go half empty. We ordered the veal ragu, seafood linguine, lasagna (special), shortrib ravioli (special), and a sausage and pepper pizza to share. The pizza was SO GOOD. The crust was really crisp and thin just the way I liked it and the ingredients were all really top quality. Our favorite dish was surprisingly the seafood linguine which had really awesome flavor that was unexpected. All our other dishes were really good and both specials really delivered on flavor.A little pricey, but that's Vegas for you and definitely a place I would recommend to go if you are staying at the Venetian or Palazzo!
4	BEST THIN CRUST MARGHERITA PIZZA EVER! All thin crust fans must eat here at least once. I was not impressed with Mozza (another Batali pizza place in CA), so my expectations were low. The cheese was insane! It was sooo fresh and creamy and light, it wasn't leathery at all! The dough stayed crisp at the bottom, which I have never seen before. Usually when u first get a thin crust pizza at your table, the first slice is nice and crisp, but the following slices get soggy and buckle when you pick them up. This one held it's shape like a crisp little cracker, but it had that unmistakeable chew of a pizza.  My GF was obsessed and she said it deserves 5 stars. I did wish the sauce had a little sweetness (it's more salty than sweet) and maybe a pinch of oregano. My other favorite Pizza place is Tirovino in LA. I was really disappointed with the gelato. I ordered the Graham Cracker, Almond Ice Milk, and Dark Chocolate Malt. They were packed in layers in a little metal cup, which irritated me, I wanted to taste each flavor, not have them all mashed together! Wtf?  I tried to separate them as best I could but the flavors were kind of boring and not as interesting as I thought they would be. The ice milk was the best but it wasn't a smooth creamy gelato, more like an icy sorbet. I couldn't taste the malt in the chocolate one at all, Too bad, because I love malt! The graham cracker texture was nice, but this needed a pinch of sea salt or something. I got a cone on the side and it looked fine, but tasted burnt. Anyway, it definitely wasn't worth $13. There are much better desserts to be had in Vegas, like the berry nutella crepes at Paris and Bellagio ;)
3	This place was fine. The service was slow, the food was delicious enough, but certainly not sublime and the hostesses were super awful! There were 2 or 3 women, neither could be bothered to greet us properly and we sat very near to their little podium, so we got to hear their copious complaints about how busy it was. Ladies, busy is good. busy means you have a job! Yay for busy. Also, no patron wants to hear you complain. It ruins my ability to pretend I'm at a sidewalk cafe in Venice. Here's the 5 star thing- The perserved tuna bruschetta. That was a work of art. If you're hungry and nearby and they aren't too busy, eat here. Don't seek this place out, though.
4	We couldn't decide where to have a nice Italian dinner in the Venetian and after reviewing the menu, we decided to try this restaurant.  The hostesses were friendly and one showed us to a table in the 'outdoor' seating area that was located towards the end and away from all the noise.  Our assistant waiter came with bread and water quite promptly.  Our waiter was friendly and casual.I ordered a bellini which was not a slushy drink but still good.  The bread was good and I like how it came with the dipping oil and vinegar.  They brought out 3 pieces for 2 people which I didn't quite understand why they didn't have even number of pieces.  But I guess that was all that would fit on the late.  The menu contains more wine choices that food so if you want to try a different wine, this would be a great place to go.  I had the rigatoni ragu with veal and pork shredded in tomato sauce with the pasta.  The portion wasn't too big but just right and saved enough room for dessert.  I liked the meat as it was different from meatballs but filling.  During the meal, we asked for more bread and the assistant waiter was very quick to respond to our request and told us to let him know if we wanted more.For dessert we had the tiramisu.  It's not the usual tiramisu that I've had but it was good and I liked the espresso gelato.  It's definitely pricey at $14 though. It wasn't a cheap mea;, $21 for pasta, $12 for drink, and then dessert  but it was a great atmosphere and meal.
5	I have eaten here twice.  Great food.  Expensive but great food.
3	There's no way Molto Mario got his muscular physique eating portion sizes this small.I am a huge Mario Batali fan from a traditionally Italian family who has eaten more than his fare share of Northern Italian food in Italy.The prices were a bit on the high side for casual dining, but hey, you're in Venice. Kind of.The real disappointment was the portion size, which was a bit absurdly small. The food was good. My wife and I had the all'Amatricciana and a goat cheese pizza between the two of us. The hostess said that the pasta was a good amount of food for one, but it really was pretty meagre.Both meals were well prepared and delicious. For $50 before drinks, it's disappointing to clean your plate and leave hungry, though. I'm not a huge either, either. This was disappointing.
3	Went to Las Vegas this past weekend and wanted to try a bunch of different style restaurants. My sister and I always wanted to try a Mario Batali restaurant when I lived in New York, but we never ended up doing it, so when we went to Vegas for the weekend we decided to give Otto a try. We had read that they had bad reviews on service, but we had excellent and beyond attentive service. All of the wait staff were extremely kind and helpful in making recommendations and taking care of any of our needs. Carlos our waiter was awesome and we even mentioned at the end of the meal how he was so smiley and attentive and it added to our meal. I only gave this place an 3-star rating because I wasn't particularly fond of my meal. I had the pasta carbonara and I think I had high expectations that just weren't met. I think I learned my lesson and shouldn't order items off the specials. My sister had the lasagna (and I had a few taste tests) and it was excellent. The sauce was so delicious. We ended the meal with some housemade daily gelato. Olive oil, Vanilla Bean and Salted Caramel. I forgot to mention that we started the meal with a cheese plate. It was three different kind of cheeses - mozarella, fontina and parmesan. They serve it with bread and then small sides of honey, apricots and cherries. It was delicious but who doesn't like a good cheese.I thought the portion sizes were more perfectly fine. I guess with some starters and dessert I felt more than fed, even despite not eating a good portion of my pasta.
4	I came here with a group of friends on our trip to Vegas - there were 9 of us. The decor and service of this place is great. Our server always came back to ask us if we needed any help or recommendations. She recommended two alcoholic beverages (the Blood Orange Martini & the Bellini), both of which some got, but were NOT satisfied. Maybe our taste buds weren't up there, but it certainly didn't taste as delectable as our waitress made it seem. Next, we got the cheese platter which had everything from soft, medium and hard cheeses. Our server explaining the right way to eat the cheeses (with apricots, cherries, etc.). All the cheeses were delicious [it went great paired with the wine]. For dinner, I got the Penne Carbonara, which was pretty standard. It had pieces of eggplant and basil, which I thought was great. For dessert, my friend got the in-house gelato (vanilla bean & olive oil gelato). OLIVE OIL GELATO!? is probably what you are thinking, but some how the flavors work and it actually tasted like olive oil. It wasn't too creamy or heavy, it hit the spot :) Also, at the end of our meal; the manager or someone that worked at Otto came and gave us complimentary discounted tickets for TAO nightclub (which is actually where we were headed after our meal). Overall, great service, decor & food. Check this place out when you visit Las Vegas next!
4	Solid 4 star restaurant.I love Batali's restaurants in LA - Osteria Mozza - droool - and Pizzeria Mozza - double drool.I'm happy to say another good experience at a Batali establishment. Otto's pizzas honestly were pretty good but not special (especially when compared to the ambrosia at Pizzeria Mozza). BUT, their antipasti and the pasta... SO good.We had a selection of 4 vegetables with bread as an appetizer. The bread could have been warmed which would have been a nice touch. The veggies were AMAZING. You can tell that they put a lot of thought and effort into the food knowing that even their roasted vegetables were so delicious. The eggplant was a standout favorite and the star. The broccoli was pretty darn good too.Pastas. We had a selection of 3 - the daily special lasanga, eggplant with some tube pasta, and a third flat noodles with a meat ragu. The lasanga was amazing - whole milk mozzarella in all its creamy goodness. The eggplant in the tube pasta was so soft and tender - really tasty. The ragu was good, too... but our third fave.At $30 pp for 6 girls... a steal!
3	Typical celebrity chef restaurant... "okay" service and good food. You definitely go there for the experience, not necessarily for the service. Wine list is outrageous - a little disappointing for those who don't want to spend $60 a bottle. I had the Gemelli, which was really good - great flavor with fabulous homemade pasta and crisp broccoli rabe. My husband had the spaghetti and meatballs - nothing too crazy - well prepared meatballs with homemade pasta and savory tomato sauce. Overall, a good experience, but not a MUST have for the strip.
4	OH MY GOODNESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You have not lived until you have tried the "Fritti" Fried cauliflower!  I am from the south and I can tell you this is the best breading!  Lasagna is outstanding and the meat and cheeses were fabulous!
4	Otto wasn't on my Vegas food-genda but was a delicious surprise!On our last day in Vegas, we found ourselves hungry and tired in the Venetian at lunchtime.  I didn't have the energy to trek back towards Bouchon so we scanned the Otto menu and were sold.  We were seated in the very back corner of the indoor patio.  I was a bit concerned that we might be forgotten but our service was very friendly and attentive throughout the meal.   The meat and cheese selections were alluring but for our last day in Vegas, we went for broke and ordered a couple of the fritti selections.  The Arancini and Calzone were both delish.  The saffron risotto of the arancini was so perfectly flavored, my guy declared them the best he's had.  The calzone was very yummy and very rich.  I was surprised not to see some tomato sauce to cut some of the creamy fattiness but didn't mind a bit.For main courses, we continued to indulge and went the pizza route:  Pancetta and Goat Cheese for me and Artichoke and Prosciutto Cotto for manfriend.  We both enjoyed the crisp, cracker crust.  Good amount of toppings.  The goat cheese on my pizza had perfect tang and creaminess.  Mine was good but I reeeeally liked the artichoke pizza.  Delicious cheese and prosciutto, great subtle lemon flavor.  Very nom.Vegas is pricey but Otto's items were only a couple dollars more than a comparable place in the Bay Area where we're from.  No sticker shock here but I can imagine other blanching at paying $20 for an individual pizza.  That said, they were a generous size and very filling.  You definitely get your money's worth.Thanks, Mario!
3	My experience here was only ok.  I was really looking forward to this being an amazing restaurant, but sadly it wasn't.  Our waiter was nice, but forgot all of the specials that I heard being described to other tables around us.  I was really excited about the pasta I ordered, but was really disappointed by how tiny the portions were.  My pasta was literally less than 10 bites of food, which was sad, especially for $25.  My friends ordered pizza, which was much larger and more filling, so I regretted not ordering that.We shared 2 scoops of gelato for dessert, and that was the highlight of the meal for sure.  Salted caramel + chocolate malt was a great combination.Overall I'd say it was ok, but if I go back to Vegas I'll likely go elsewhere for Italian food.
3	The Pizza and Cannoli were outstanding! Both were so fresh and delicious! I only have two recommendations, one is for them to start serving mochas and second is to change the music. They were playing loud rock music at noon. It didn't match up with the ambiance of the restaurant at all. We had a hard time hearing one other and it would have been nice to hear something more appropriate for such a delicious noon time lunch.
4	I read the reviews and expected ok italian food, but this turned out to be a gem.  its conviniently located in the large open plaza by the gondolas, nice ambience.  The appetizer was delicious, service was good and the entrees didnt dissapoint.  I will return, and I recommend this restaurant.
2	Service was...not good!  Very slow, had to keep asking for things and took forever to get them. The salads were very good, but everybody's pasta was not cooked all the way and nobody enjoyed their meals. Bummer
3	If we would have had better (more attentive) service than our experience at Otto probably would have been a lot better as the food was decent.  None of us ordered a pizza because they looked good but a little too much for our appetite.  We all had various sorts of pasta and it was good but definitely not the best I've ever had.  We sat outside which I would recommend as there was a lot going on to watch and see.
3	I would give the place 4* but for the price. I don't mind paying more for food if it is warranted, but i felt a little robbed here. The service was very good. The pizzas are just ok for the price (I've had better at my friends' house where they had pizza caterers cook in their outdoor pizza oven). The wine was pretty good. The dessert was tdf. Mama Mia! Defo go here for the dessert called "Dark Chocolate". It has a gorgeous little rich chocolate lava type cake with dark choc gelato, salty caramel gelato, and a blow torched soft gooey meringue topping. Omg. I'm salivating just remembering the dessert! I will go back for this dessert. The price of this dessert and the wine (we only went for a cheaper 250ml portion of red to share...can't remember which one...for about $15) are reasonable, especially considering that we had an operatic floor show in fake St Mark's Square. I think next time we will have dinner elsewhere (Zefferino's around the corner has much better food for the price) and maybe just have dessert here.
4	Very good experience here and I would go back.The staff was very nice and our server was very helpful with the menu.  My old lady likes to ask questions about the menu - not in a quizzing kind of way but she just likes to hear more about certain dishes to help her make a choice.  Our server was really helpful and offered other suggestions as she saw my old lady leaning towards certain things.I went with a goat cheese pizza and she had I think it was osso buco.  we split the vinegar maker's salad as well.  I enjoyed my pizza and she enjoyed her entree as well.  Yeah - the pizza was expensive but it still felt like a filling dinner at a very nice place for $20 so I have no complaints.  The salad was awesome.  I had never had proper balsamic vinegar before - I have just had the grocery store stuff.  The real stuff is really great and I can see why it is so expensive.  The atmosphere is fantastic.  We sat out on an 'indoor patio' where you still had the feel of people walking around and hearing the music, etc. - all while being in climate controlled comfort.Honestly - we went to Vegas to try some restaurants but did not want to break the bank either.  This place was spot on IMO.  It was what we would consider a splurge type of place in terms of quality, with only a 'moderate splurge' pricetag.
5	I am a fan of Mario so I couldn't resist Otto after shopping in Vegas. It's located in the Venetian Hotel, known for its "Venice" theme with gondolas, water way, quaint shops and 65 ft ceiling painted to look like the sky. Sitting in tthe middle of an indoor town square, which is where this restaurant is located, you really do feel like you are outdoors at sunset. This is "no quick bite before heading back to the hotel" place, at least you shouldn't let it. I don't mean the service is slow, it's quite the opposite. Allow yourself enough time to savor fine wine and food. I couldn't resist but ordered cheese and wine, Italian-made, of course.   The  Lucerne Chardonnay ($17 a glass) and it's light, smooth, refreshing.  I then ordered a cheese plate with fresh Ricotta -- smooth, light, and buttery, not too salty. This cheese is made at the restaurant.I finished with a Whole Wheat Pasta with proscuitto. The one thing I admired about Mario's pasta is that the al dente is cooked to be slightly crunchy but also soft at the same time. I could never repeat this texture at home.  You can't go wrong with any Mario restaurant, and this one is no exception.
2	Dear Mario,My son and I visited your Otto Enoteca Pizzeria at The Venetian in Las Vegas. With all the choices in Las Vegas, and having experienced a nice variety of them during our stay, we were looking forward to a simple spaghetti and meatballs dinner with some Mario creativity to flavor. Really cool spot, Mario. The atmosphere was nice and we enjoyed the piazza setting. Great lighting, nice "show", simple elegance- all worth a little extra, in my book. We've paid a lot more for a lot less ambiance in this town. Hostess seated us with a very big smile and I liked that. So thanks for all that, Mario.I don't know how to tell you this, Mario, but there's some disconnect from there- so I'll try. We've experienced the best and worst of dining throughout Italy and we get the Fritti, Insalate, Piatti dining experience, and we do appreciate it. But, we're in Vegas where it's always not so transparent how authentic dining in Vegas can be. So, spaghetti and meatballs for $20 might need some clarification in this stippling of cultures. I sometimes defer to a quote I was once offered in another country when I asked directions of another US citizen- "We're from America, we don't know s***." Most of those walking up to view your menu might not know s*** about requiring multiples of $20 dishes to be able to rub their substantial bellies on the way out.Shame on us, we fell for the $20 pasta dish. Oh, it was authentic. That is, relatively minimal, delicious, perfectly cooked and lovely. I might add my disappointment with your arrogant and negligent server. He made it clear that his interests were elsewhere in the room. In addition, my son's request for Gnocchi with meat sauce was accepted with "I don't know, but I'll ask", and dismissed with "We can't do that"- what??? So he ordered spaghetti with your little Irish hamburger marbles that you call meatballs (of which we each ate one of the ten or so little impostors), and very soon after, we're completing our dishes. Also, nice job at the math blackboard during staff training. Two persons, two pieces of bread- four persons, four pieces of bread. (Reminder- America/Vegas).Mario, if I were anywhere but the middle of a "mall" in Las Vegas, I might have added some consideration for the menu authenticity. Get your best marketing people and figure out a way to clarify to your walk-ups that the $20 pasta is a side dish or offer the Walmart Shopper option for a couple dollars more. And let the people have what they want if it's Gnocchi with meat sauce. Also, please try to update your online menu info, it isn't even close to real time. Now that I know, I have a special little spot where I can get an authentically prepared snack between shopping and dinner for less than room service. Again, thanks for that. Sincerely, Vegas visitor.
2	Snore....Out-of-towners who have never eaten at a Batali joint will go "ooh" and "aah."  For the rest of us, this place can be skipped.  Go to Il Mulino instead.  The lunch crowd at I Mulino (at Caesar's Forum Shops) is non-existent, so it's easy to get a table and experience some really good Italian food.This place was seriously crowded on a Sunday night in the off season.  So we knew that it was either (1) really good or (2) a sucker for tourists from the Midwest.  Sadly, we found out it was the latter.The olives were great, and the wine selection was super.  The salumi platter offers a nice choice except . . . when you order "all five of the salumi" you get two versions of head cheese.  Now we are not sqeamish but we had no idea that two of the five would be head cheese and frankly . . . head cheese tastes like DOG CRAP.  (No, we've not tasted dog crap, but we have a pretty good idea of what it must taste like.)  We gobbled up the other three and nudged the waiter a bit "Hey, what the heck was that stuff?  Was that head cheese?"  He says, "Yep."  We said, "We're not fans of head cheese.  We sure wish you would have told us it was on the platter."  He giggles and says, "Huh, Huh, yeah, not many people like that stuff after they order it.  Huh, huh, huh."  (Note to self - kick waiter next time he chuckles at you and doesn't bother to offer a credit.)The pasta dishes were ho hum.  Again, if you want really good sauces, go to Il Mulino.  And Rao's is great too, if you can get in (also at Caesar's, but in the main section.)We skipped the rest of the meal and instead grabbed some gelato at the little kiosk just outside of the restaurant.Sorry, Mario - we will NOT be back.  Too many other great choices in Vegas.
4	I really didn't know what I was going to end up with when I came here, after reading other reviews.  Looks like most people liked the place, but a not insignificant number of people had bad experiences.  Well, I got lucky and had a great experience.My server, Jeffrey, was TERRIFIC.  He spent a good amount of time helping me decide which cheeses to try, based on other cheeses that I do and do not like.   I went with the taleggio, the robiola bosina, and a third, 100+ day aged hard goat cheese that is not listed on their website so I can't remember the name.  As far as my entree went, I originally had been eyeing the bucatini alla amatriciana, which is a dish I make at home (taught by a lady from Rome) and wanted to see the difference between his version and mine.  However, thank goodness Jeffrey thought to delineate the ingredients because it turns out his version is made with basil -- which is not usual for this dish though it is so common for other tomato based pastas -- and so I made another selection.  He warned me that the goat cheese & pancetta pizza I selected was somewhat salty and spicy, which people often don't suspect, but I decided to try it anyway.  He then asked me if I had any meeting to get back to in a hurry - I said no.  This was a really good idea - as it turns out their normal service is very 'european'... long time delay between courses.  I didn't mind as I had my kindle with me and had nothing else to do that evening.  But, if I hadn't had my kindle I would have been pretty bored between courses.  Pretty soon my cheese arrived.   The cheeses was served with bread and a plate of (IIRC) currant honey, brandied cherries, and wine braised apricots.   All three cheese were very good.  My favorite was the taleggio, over bread, with some of the honey.  The pizza was a large single person pizza (or shared if you want to use it as an appetizer, as they do in Italy).  I don't generally like really salty food but this wasn't too salty for me.  The goat cheese is salty, and the pancetta is salty, but I expected that.  The pizza had sliced scallions on it which gave it the kick.  It was good, not the favorite pizza I've ever had, but very enjoyable.I hadn't been planning on ordering a dessert but when Jeffrey said that they had a pear sorbetto that day, I could not resist (being a huge fan of Jeni's pear & riesling sorbet).  This sorbet was excellent, smooth as silk, perfect sweetness, perfect pear flavor.  Mmmmm...I was comfortably full at the end of it all.  I was already kind of full after the dessert but not exploding afterwards.  The meal was not cheap, but it wasn't as expensive as the fancier places.  So I have no complaints.  I would definitely return, and I highly recommend sitting in Jeffrey's section if you have a choice.
1	I think this is the first time I've ever given a 1 star review. It's not that I want to give Otto a 1 star, but I am compelled to.Let me start out with some of our mistakes or variables that you have to account for when eating out:- we came a little after 11am on a Saturday morning (aka right when they open)- we expected a lot from this place since it has a "Mario Batali" on its signOur server was quite nice, tried very hard to sell us the appetizers, but we only wanted to grab a quick bite before gambling - plus, we had to leave at 2pm to catch our flight, so we are basically in a rush.The bread was okay - my friend said it was grainy. Their breadsticks came in a package - they were alright.When the food came...that's when the nightmare started. We had a long night of partying, were running on 4hours of sleep and planned to go to the Wynn Buffet but decided there was not enough time, so Otto it is.Back to the food. I thought Italian food is supposed to be all about olive oil, tomatoes, basil and al dente pasta. What we got was SALT SALT SALT. We got:- overly salty lasagna- overly salty other pastas (I forgot the names)They were horribly salty. My friend ended up telling the server his pasta was too salty (and the pastas were nowhere near al dente - some were over and under cooked). He then ended up getting an arugula salad with parmesan cheese - that wasn't great either because it was overly oily.Overall, the food didn't look as pretty as the Venetian atmosphere surrounding us and I probably won't be going back again. Lesson of the day: take into consideration the variables I mentioned above and hopefully you'll have a better experience here like most of the other yelpers.
4	Great food and service but this is what you should get when you pay $5 for a slice of prosciutto that measures 3" x 1" x 0.0001". The pizza and pasta that we had were tasty but the portion was rather small. We also tried the fried mozzarella and the preserved tuna with beans and olive. Both came out delicious especially the olive oil dips that comes with the mozzarella. That olive oil is blended anchovies.Mario Batali is definitely as Iron Chef.
3	We had a bite to eat after seeing Le Reve.  I was sort of worried based on the mixed reviews.They have a great wine list and I thought they were priced well.  We ordered a bottle of wine and started with three vegetables for an appetizer - olives, asparagus with pecorino, and roasted beets.  These were definitely hits and i would highly recommend any of them.  We had the pancetta pizza with goat cheese.  The pizza crust was very crisp and good - I wouldn't call it great.  I work for an Italian company and haved travelled to Italy quite a bit and just don't think the pizza was all that "authentic".I would return here for some wine and appetizers but probably would skip the pizza.One final comment.  This place is ok, it's not great, but I find the vehemence and prsonal attacks directed towards Mario Batali a bit disturbing.
2	I met up here with a group of 8 for dinner here on a weeknight, and I can't say I was happy with this place almost from the get go.  I should preface this by saying that I've been to other Mario Batali restaurants, specifically Carnevino and Mozza, so I had hope that this one could live up to the other two.  I was sadly mistaken.The service was spotty and for the most part rather bad, the busser or server assistant didn't even know what types of hot tea they had, and also didn't think they had honey for it either.  It also took half an hour for the server to make his way over to our table even though he only had the 4 tables in the backroom we were in.  The food also didn't make it's way out in a timely manner either, but I don't know if this was the kitchen's fault or the server was just slow at putting the food order in, but the table next to us, who sat down 20 minutes after us, go their food first, very disappointing.Now for the food.  I had their version of cioppino, and was not pleased with the quantity/quality for the price.  I'm not saying I didn't finish it, but I was starving at that point.  I was happy to have some of the pizza the table ordered and also had a few bites of the pasta norma, which was quite tasty.  The cold salads that they offer at the top of the menu were quite good, and I thought were honestly the best part of the meal.  The lentils were dressed nicely and cooked just right, they were al dente so held up well.  Their eggplant caponata was also quite tasty, although it had more peppers in it then I'm used to, but still tasty.Overall, I am not planning on coming back here ever again, there's way better Italian here in Las Vegas for the price.
1	this restaurant single handedly made me lose faith in mario batali for life. i've been here twice. both times, i was extremely disappointed by the quality and taste of the food. the pastas and pizzas lacked the rich, heartiness of italian flavors- uplifted by herbs and arromatic cheeses. the food tasted like it came from a cheap wannabe italian deli. for some reason, the ice cream cone waffle tasted like fried fish? service was spotty with a bunch of servers standing around and giggling. and of course, completely OVERPRICED for the experience.
3	My wife and I had a couple of pasta dishes one evening here. It was busy but we were seated right away. Our waiter was slow trough out the service but the rest of the staff was great. I had the Rigatoni Ragu Napolitana with veal and pork and perfectly cooked pasta. It was good but didn't really wow me at all. My wife had the Gemelli with sausage and broccoli rabe. I tried it and again good but nothing that I would ohh and ahh about. She cared for it even less. I did enjoy sitting it the pretend outdoor cafe and being able to watch all the goings on in the square. We shared a simple dessert of vanilla gelato with espresso over it which was tasty. Overall I would say I was a little disappointed. I'd probably go back and try the pizza though.
5	Service, atmosphere and food were top notch.  Margherita Pizza and Spaghetti with Meatballs...perfect.  A little more expensive than usual but well worth it.
5	What a surprise this was.  The food was excellent.  Went for lunch and had the arugula salad and the seafood stew.... wow...  the stew was amazing....  Filled with clams, mussells, calamari and fish.  The broth was to die for.  Also had the Otto Sundae which was soooooooo good.  Pistachio, chocolate and vanilla gelato in a crispy wafer cone.  Deeelissssshh.....  Service was attentive.  Kept my water and ice tea filled throughout.  You gotta love it, when a restaurants food and service are both excellent.  Hats off Mario - you got a great restaurant!  Love this place.
4	Very good, beautiful view, attentive service, outstanding wine list. Caperberry pizza was yummy, the spaghetti carbonara was so good I wanted to roll around in it, and the only problem with the olive oil gelato us that there wasn't enough  of it!  Desserts are pricy, pass on the arancine.
1	This is a mall pizzeria with a fancy name behind it. The pizza was ok, but I hoped for better. The wild mushroom bruschetta was one of the worst things I've been served in Las Vegas; the bread was charred, the mushrooms were cold and slimy (it was disgusting).   The service was pretty mediocre too; the server asked if we liked the bruschetta and we told him no. He was in complete disbelief and sort of put us on the defensive when he said "i mean... I can see what I can do about it". We told him we weren't going to worry about it, but we explained that we weren't going to lie about finding it disgusting and we thought they should know. It was pretty much the last time we saw him until the bill was dropped (and no; he didn't do anything about the bruschetta).
5	I love this place. It definitely feels like you are in an outdoor piazza. The food never disappoints and the staff is extremely knowledgeable about the food, ingredients and wine.
5	Mario Batali...is a master.Had Linguine with shrimp, it was awesome.  Had fried green beans, they were awesome.  Had the roasted cauliflower, it was awesome.This is worth paying a little extra.
5	The Venetian has more choices than you can imagine, so we were very happy to dine here - and I just don't give out five stars, but we really had no complaints.  Even when we were walking around, the staff was very pleasant, even handing us a menu to review instead of reading the board.  Our server was Eli and he was great.  He recommended a couple fresh fruit drinks for us (non-alcoholic), some special strawberries mix and a blood orange juice and both were much better than described.  My husband got spaghetti and meatballs and the meatballs were small and very tasty and there were alot - he said he almost could not finish his portion and we did not eat the bread they served us when we ordered.  I ordered the Caprese salad - the cherry tomatoes, basil and pesto all came from local farmers - one of the best salads I have had - the aromas and flavors were so fresh.  I also ordered the Artichoke Bruschetta - an excellent choice.  Lots of flavor just holding it up before the first bite!  The flavors were very balanced and I brought 1/2 home - still very good hours later as the bread was nicely toasted and thick enough to hold up to the ingredients.  We will be back!
4	During peak meal times, there can be a wait for a table. Go for the bar instead and enjoy fast service. Order a cheese platter and wine for a shopping break and people watching.
5	First of all, I love the fact that this restaurant  is located in the midst of the fabricated Piazza San Marco. I was in Venice last month, and it is a very modern smaller version of San Marco Square, non-the-less it was a perfect spot for the restaurant of the infamous Mario Batali. This will always be memorable, because my parents are locals of Vegas, so they were meeting us here for lunch.  Meeting my BF for the very first time, so yes I was nervous. So he ordered a bottle of red wine knowing that a glass would help me. I have to say, that I was never a big fan of Italian food and perhaps I take that after my father.  So I was a little apprehensive that my dad would not enjoy his lunch with us. Fortunately everything we ordered was a hit.  We started w/ arugula salad... my favorite. But you can't go wrong with that, it's pretty simple. We also shared  a margharita pizza as an appetizer.  I love that it's thin crust. It was delicious. Both my dad and BF ordered the steak. My mother had the lasagne, and I ordered the grilled succulent pork chop.  We all shared a bite of everyone's main entree, and they were all incredibly yummy!  Our desert was sundae of 4 different gelati. coffee, pistachio, caramel, and chocolate.  Sinfully good! Our friendly waiter was very patient and attentive.  And best part was my parents enjoyed their lunch and getting to know my bf. It was sort of preliminary rendevous to get a taste of where my parents were off to... they were getting ready to leave for Europe... They are about to spend the entire summer in Italy... primarily Venice. So how cool was that?
4	While it doesn't quite have the charm of the original Otto in NYC, it's still pretty great. I love that you can "sit outside" and pretend to be on a Venetian street corner while eating delicious Italian food. The service is great too. I went on a very crowded day and still had a waitress who was attentive and helpful. I got my typical margarita pizza. I like to get the simple pizza and get some sides, like the eggplant capponata or the lentils. The bread sticks are also amazing!
5	This place kicks so much ass. Probably my best meal in Vegas and I'm not even that into Italian food. I tend to avoid Italian places when outside of the northeast due to them not usually being as good as the food in places like Federal Hill in Providence and usually being twice the price. Otto proved me wrong.I started with a selection of two cheeses, taleggio and fontina. My girlfriend ordered the roasted tomato and cucumber panzanella.I think about that cheese like fourteen year old girls think about Justin Beiber. It was one of the best things I have ever had. I enjoyed it with the table bread and it was served with some type of blueberry, another type of preserved apricots and some incredibly good, fancy honey which appeared to have truffle in it. I'm not 100% sure what was in the accompaniments but it was all fantastic. Creamy cheese with the honey on crusty bread mmmmmhhmmm. I knew right when I was eating it that I would miss that plate until the next time I visit. Cant stress enough how much I liked this.My girlfriend said the same about the panzanella. I took a bite and agreed. It wasnt something either of us would normally order but it all came together so perfectly. I'm not one to take a bite of plain tomato but I would eat mountains of this. My entree was the Rigatoni with Ragu Napolitana. Big perfectly al dente rigatoni noodles with a veal ragu that was pretty much just stunning. It got better with every bite. At first I wasnt that impressed. Then I kept tasting it and noticed how perfectly and simply flavored everything was. Just another incredible dish..My girlfriend had the Bucatini. I'll just say she thought everything of her pasta that I did mine. The service was fine. Attentive but not overbearing. nothing incredible but certainly passable. No complaints.I never really liked Batali much on tv but after eating his food I feel a little differently.
5	an awesome dining experience. the service was impeccable. we were treated exactly how a customer should be treated. the food- spectacular- grilled raddichio with smoked mozzarella, a mushroom pasta, gelato, short ribs ravioli. it would be worth going back to Lost Wages just to go to Otto again.
4	I brought my honey back here last week, mainly because I wanted him to try some of the amazing cheeses on the cheese plate.  I also wanted to try something different.  We arrived a bit earlier than our 5 o'clock reservation and I didn't see my awesome waiter from last time, Jeffrey, so I didn't bother to ask to be in his section.  That sadly was an error.  He did show up right around 5 but it was too late by then.  The waiter I got assigned wasn't nearly so attentive (he actually disappeared partway through our meal) and to be honest, much as I hate to say it, I could barely understand his accent so I didn't ask as many questions about the menu as the first time.We ordered five cheeses - the three I had last time plus gorgonzola and parmesano reggiano.  I love blue cheeses but the gorgonzola was actually a bit too strong for me, which I found really surprising.  My favorites this time were the aged goat cheese and the parmesan.  I still love the cherries that come with that dish.For entrees my honey ordered the lasagna and I ordered the sausage and peppers pizza.  I had a bite of his lasagna and thought it was very good.  The pizza alas was just mediocre.  The sausage didn't have much flavor and it was sparse on cheese, though the cheese was good quality, and to be frank I didn't find the sauce very flavorful.  I preferred the goat cheese pancetta pizza from last time, which was different enough from a 'normal' pizza that I wouldn't compare the two directly.For dessert we tried the cherry shortcake which was pretty good.  The cherries were sadly not the same ones as on the cheese plate which is what we were hoping for, but were more like queen anne cherries.  It was still a decent dessert but didn't hold a candle to the amazing pear sorbetto from last time which alas was not offered on this visit.I still like the restaurant overall but I'm feeling like it's very hit or miss, with some potential for greatness that isn't always realized.
4	Otto is one of my favourites in Vegas, and the prices cant be beat.In typical Las Vegas fashion, you can spend as much as you want here. But if you are tight on money, 2 can eat here for under $25 very easily.Booked through Open Table, and was seated right away in a small room in the back. Was the first time i was back here, usually sat on the plaza. I love sitting out there, especially when the opera singers and violinists are performing. The Venetian is so pretty, I love walking through it along the canals with gondolas. I have been to both locations of Otto, Las Vegas, and New York City. The menus are pretty similar, but i find the wine list is better in NYC. I am a fan of this really obscure Italian wine, and the NYC location has it, LV doesn't. But don't let my snobbery cloud a really good wine list in LV.You can order 2 different sizes of salads, which i like. Had the arugula and parmesan which was very tasty!The pizza's here are fantastic. Had the house-made sausage and peppers pizza which was cooked perfectly. The sausage has a bit of heat to it, and the thin crust is awesomely cooked.Otto is a great way in Vegas (and NYC) for great food and great prices!
5	It's been a long time since I dined here, but for ages I've been remembering it as being pretty amazing.  I thought it was one of the most authentic Italian pizza experience I've had in Las Vegas, and the sliced meats were fantastic as well.  I may to drop some scrilla on this place again soon and see if it still holds up.
1	This place should not be called Italian! 5:00 on a weeknight and they are out of pepperoni, they didn't have angel hair pasta and the server was totally inept and very unprofessional.  We ordered sausage pizza and got a pancetta pizza, we asked for spaghetti and meatballs with angel hair pasta and were told they only had one kind of spaghetti so we declined the spaghetti.  When the order came we got the wrong pizza (not even anything close to pizza) and they brought the spaghetti.  After seeing the portion size for the price we were glad we had declined it.  In the middle of dinner our waiter disappeared and another server had to take over his mess.  When the bills came they were wrong and had to be corrected.  When we asked to speak to the manager he acted like our complaints were a daily occurrence and no big deal.  Needless to say we won't be going back to this restaurant and would advice others to stay away.  This place seriously need better training and new management.
5	I went back and forth on whether to give this place 5 stars or 4.  Not because I don't think it deserves 5, but because I don't want people to think I give top ratings to everywhere I eat.  The truth is, I generally only rate a place if it is really good or really bad.....and I mean reallllly bad.  I don't like being negative or nitpicking unless they have truly offended me or made me feel they have stolen my money.  That being said, I've had nothing but great experiences here and so I can't help but give it the 5 Star treatment.The cavatappi with lamb ragu dish is mind-blowing. I will admit, I'm a sucker for lamb and this dish is one of the reasons why. I must have had it for the first time 4-5 years ago and it's what keeps me coming back every time I am in Vegas.  The meat and cheese platters are delicious, but a little on the pricey side.  Not that it isn't worth it for the quality you get, but it can really make the bill add up if you go crazy (which I tend to do).Funny enough, I'd say the one thing you shouldn't get here is the pizzas.  I've had some friends that loved them and some that didn't. I haven't really tried them to be honest.  I just know that if I am going to spend the money to go out in Vegas, I wanna get something I can't normally get everyday. So I'd say if you venture out, try the unique dishes or the charcuterie, you'll love it.  If you just wanna eat some pizza, go find a local pizza spot and you'll walk away with some extra dough.....see what I did there....okay, I'll stop now.
4	I'm gonna just put it out there... pizza is awesome anytime. It's even more amazing when you're drunk. THERE, I said it. So when we left Tao Beach, tipsy and needing some nosh, Otto Enoteca was there to save us from making another Dal Toro mistake. Service was outstanding for sure. The hostess was sweet and didn't even seem to care that we looked like little drowned rats (and we were too hungry to care). The server and his assistant were very personable and even gave hugs when requested (albeit very tentatively... probably not something they are asked for on the reg). Waters were always filled and our request for extra napkins was fulfilled quickly. The pizza... ohhhhhh that pizza. The four of us shared a Margherita 'D.O.C.' and the Pesto, which was perfect between all of us. I love pesto anything, so I was in pesto heaven (if you can't guess which pizza I'm talking about, we can't be friends... in fact, stop reading right meow). The Margherita was bomby as well, but come on.... PESTO. Best of all, it didn't break the bank whatsoever. Obviously, the bill would have been larger had we been imbibing, but for food and good times people watching (on the "patio"), I would definitely return... and I plan to. PESTO!
3	Been here a couple times. Food on dinner menu tasted so good back in the beginning in 11' , but it just got worse in Aug 11'FIve stars for:* " BRAISED PORK SHOULDER" is just so tender, juicy and flavorful inside out* SHRIMP PIZZA W/ PESTO - thin slices of pizza with shrimp, ricotta, pesto and olive         oil toppings. Slightly oily though.* " DARK CHOCOLATE " - served in a martini glass. Beautiful warm chocolate cake,          vanilla meringue, dark chocolate gelato... love it!* " TIRAMISU" - not an ordinary kind. Served in a martini glass w/ espresso gelato,         lady fingers,...  love it!MINUS 2 stars for:- Spaghetti & Meatballs - MEH!- SHRIMP PIZZA W/ PESTO , MEH for the 2nd and 3rd time!- Very careless servers who mixed up the checks, rude and inattentive !!Might go back for dessert and oh...let me see who's serving today...!
2	This is a decent spot for some casual dining in the Grand Canl Shoppes in the Venetian. A few years ago this place used to be called Enoteca San Marco and I could honestly say that it boasted the best pizza I've ever had. Unfortunately ownership has since changed and although the menu looks almost identical to its earlier version, the quality has dropped a great deal. As things stand now, Enoteca has 2 things going for it: a good location in the middle of the replica of St. Mark's square which means that you will get a chance to see a performance of the "Phantom" soundtrack and some Italian opera pieces during dinner and that you won't pay an arm and a leg for a meal. The pizzas are about $18-21 each and are sufficient to keep you satiated and  one can easily feed 2 diners if you add an appetizer or 2. I would say the Prosciutto and Goat Cheese pizza is the best, although the last time I ordered it the pizza came out burnt and overloaded with cheese. Do yourself a favor and don't order the Pesto Pizza; it is supremely disappointing. Finally the wine list is (as expected) dominated by Italian vintages but the staff does not offer much in the way of suggestions if you're having trouble deciding. Their pours of wine are also stingy and the waiter made the mistake of using a wide rimmed glass for champagne. If you're not in the mood for pizza, the restaurant offers a limited selection of meats and pasta which are rather standard Italian fare and which you can get for approximately the same price and superior preparation in the nearby Canaletto and Postrio.
3	I will fully acknowledge that being from California (born in So Cal, now living in Nor Cal), I am a food critic without a doubt.  I also understand that Vegas restaurants that are play offs of their main establishments are meant to cater to a broader variety of people that often come at the sacrifice of quality and variety.  In any case, however, what I'm trying to get at is, it'll be good, but there aren't too many places that I seem think are great.  Such is the case with Otto Enoteca.  Greg and I stopped off here after wandering around the Venetian and trying to find a place that was moderately priced for a Linner (Lunch + Dinner).  Greg had just visited Mario Batali's place in LA, so naturally he thought to try here just out of curiosity.  We both decided against pizza since that usually gets taken care of past midnight in Vegas, so we went with two pasta dishes: Bucatini all'Amatriciana and Gemelli.  Leading up to this, we ordered two drinks, a Bellini and a beer while waiting for our food.  Our waitress was nice and very courteous, but what I didn't understand was the table bread situation.  After we requested the bread, it came out in a basket...and that was it.  No butter, no olive oil, no salt and pepper on the table, just bread.  Um, ok?  We were starved, but they certainly didn't put much effort into presentation.  The bread itself was delicious, but it probably would have been better with something else.  Anyway, the mains came out, and the waitress had warned us that they serve the pasta al dente.  No kidding, as it would seem.  I typically don't like al dente but was willing to try it.  My dish, the Bucatini, had great flavor to it with a spicy tomato sauce, onions, and some cured  pork.  My only issue was, much like the bread, it was literally just pasta on a plate.  No additional decorations, no detail to presentation, just pasta on a plate.  The plate itself wasn't that big, but I wasn't going to complain about the portion.  Anyway, Greg's plate was also good, and he was convinced that his plate was better than mine.  I had one bite (the maximum bites I was allocated) and it was tasty.  Anyway, after the meal was over, we sat around and people watched which I would say is valuable since there's a million things going on in that little plaza.  Ultimately, I'd say this place is a little pricey considering the fact that a) it was just pasta, b) absolutely nothing special done for the dishes, and c) I think like most places in Vegas, the restaurant can hike the prices up since people like myself will pay for it.  I might come back here next time if I feel like pasta, but for $35/person, I'll see if I can go somewhere else.
4	Liked the sweet onion pizza and melon salad we ordered for lunch. Good service, relaxed ambiance and nice view of the square.  If it were overly crowded I'd pass - but overall a nice relaxing and tasty lunch.
4	We were looking for a not-too-expensive-yet-nice place to eat dinner in Las Vegas.  A friend recommended Otto.  It's in the shopping area of the Venetian Hotel.  We split an arrugula and parmesan salad (large, fresh, tasty) and a pancetta and goat cheese pizza (fantastic).  The pizza crust is thin, yet chewy and not brittle.  The bill was about $40, which is a bit more than we would spend at home for salad and gourmet pizza, but was worth the price.
5	This is my happy place :-)The slow food movement is alive and well here - fresh seasonal ingredients sourced locally and prepared beautifully.As usual, we started with some Prosecco, meats & cheeses.  Don't miss out on the pairing of their cheeses with their truffle honey, marinated cherries, and apricot mustardo.We then enjoyed the potato croquettes and arancini and the seafood appetizer - so fresh and perfectly cooked!  The wine we selected was really nice, with a raisiny bouquet and full-bodied mouthfeel.Our last entree was the fusilli with summer squash and the rigatoni veal ragu - their pasta is perfectly al dente!We finished with hazelnut fritters and an amaro tasting, and a lovely surprise of peach and vanilla gelato (ho-ly cow it's good!).  After a really enjoyable conversation with the sommelier, we tried her own cocktail inventions - I loved them!  Wish I remembered the names - one was made with blueberry grappa and the other with whiskey & amaro.  Wonderful!FYI - peanut butter & jelly gelato is in a few days!!!  Yes!  This super tasty treat is only available for a short time.  Don't miss it!
3	The girl at the desk wouldn't let us have the three to seven Antipasto and wine tasting menu. I took a photo TODAY of the website that shows the hours of the Antipasto menu. I am very displeased and DISAPPOINTED and can't say Otto Enoteca is a bad restaurant. Ive been here several times before. But I do have to REMOVE them from my Vegas rotation list.
5	This place is amazing!The reason I say this is because we went in expecting the worst and left wowed. Let me explain a little, my family and I had been walking around all over the strip since 10 am, tired, hungry and irritated, around 6pm we finally stopped and chose the first place we saw to eat. Im a big foodie and didn't even notice this was Iron Chef Mario Batali's Restaurant (yeah, I was THAT tired). First thing I have to say is that the Olive Oil they bring out with the bread (ask for bread service, not only is it delicious, its free!) is amazing, easily the best and the most flavorful olive oil I have ever tasted. What I recommend is to order a few different dishes and share amongst your party, italian style after all! We ordered the Pancetta and Goat Cheese, I'm not a big pizza person but boy was this delicious I couldn't stop eating it (The pizza's here can easily be shared by 2 people) We also ordered the Penne alla Norma, very tasty! But the real winner of this meal was the Marinated Chicken Paillard!! I HIGHLY recommend ordering this when eating here, it cannot be missed! AMAZING is the only word I can use to describe this dish, I still crave it each and everyday and so does the rest of my family! I could not figure out why this meal was so great and flavorful, this meal had a special quality about it that I couldn't put my finger on, but then I turned around and I saw, very discretely, Mario Batali's name and I quickly understood why this was a high quality meal. Thank you Chef Batali, I praise you for this glorious meal. Everything about the meal was perfection (service was so-so though, that is until it was time to leave the tip! wink-wink) The atmosphere is also great, feels like your outside and they have some great entertainment. I will most defiantly be back on my next trip!
2	What a bust. As we were deciding on the pizza, the sommelier came around to suggest a wine for us, which I really appreciated because I couldn't decide which to try, they serve only Italian wine, which was a plus. You do have the option of by the glass, and the ounces vary from 4-8 oz. We let our server pick our pizza for us, he suggested the Sweet Onion, (proscuitto cotto, bel paese) the crust was pleasant, like a typical version of thin, crisp Neapolitan-style, but the way the prosciutto was placed really threw me off, it was literally slices like what you would put on a sandwich, placed all over the pizza. The pizza was really lacking in flavor as well. We also split an arugula salad, which was also a miss. I don't see myself visiting this restaurant again, as there are way better pizza places in town, and many more Italian options.
1	A harrowing experience that I have never forgotten On December the 27th, 2010, my family and I decided to eat at this establishment, a quaint and attractive corral of tables inside the Venitian. Thinking that pizza was universal enough and since I love cheese, I ordered the pizza quatro fromaggi. It should be called the "pizza quatro dimone." While my fellow diners were privileged to partake in good and tasteful victuals, my experience was horrifically different. The "pizza" arrived, a thin yet textureless crust more bland than a saltine cracker. Oh, what I would have given for the remainder of that meal to have been so bland! The sauce was somehow simultaneously as bitter as orange juice served in an aluminum cup and as sweet as frosting, smothered atop the pizza in a bloody masacre-like fashion. The surface of the pizza would have been only sauce, but for one horrific, greasy, formless globule of cheese in the center of each piece. I'll never know if it was the Tallegio or the Cacio that fell me.  And here, I start to go blank. The memories, the horror... The taste of bile and frosting mixed with locker-room sweat and sourness, mixed with the at once rosey yet musky dirty-water "Esscence of the Venitian" scent wafting through the air ducts. I could taste nothing but that for days. Every food I ate for the rest of the day tasted of IT. Now I sit here, more than two years later, still remembering every once in a while that terrible taste, that permiating aroma. I can still smell it on-call, just by remembering. Shame on you, Mario Batalli. In all of your culinary genious, you have hidden ONE fateful dish on your menu, making for a cruel game of russian roulette. Although you may partake of its benignant friends, BEWARE of this pizza and the evil it portends!
1	My husband and I were here for an anniversary. Love Mario's other restaurants but the ball is dropped here!  Pizza ovens were not working, ordered a pasta and a side dish of saluted broccoli rabe with olive oil and garlic.  Pasta was cold and rabe was steamed with a drizzle of oil and raw garlic..awful.  And worse yet was our waiter, rude rude when we wanted it taken off the bill.  Manager not much better, should have comped the whole meal with our total disappointment of the evening...but he did not!  The only shining star was Erika at the bar. Mario..what's up, you need to pay more attention to wait staff and customer service.  This was a BAD Italian experience.I'm all Italian, this was bad!
5	This review was from about 3 weeks ago (I forgot to post it - ugh)This is my happy place :-)The slow food movement is alive and well here - fresh seasonal ingredients sourced locally and prepared beautifully.As usual, we started with some Prosecco, meats & cheeses.  Don't miss out on the pairing of their cheeses with their truffle honey, marinated cherries, and apricot mustardo.We then enjoyed the potato croquettes and arancini and the seafood appetizer - so fresh and perfectly cooked!  The wine we selected was really nice, with a raisiny bouquet and full-bodied mouthfeel.Our last entree was the fusilli with summer squash and the rigatoni veal ragu - their pasta is perfectly al dente!We finished with hazelnut fritters and an amaro tasting, and a lovely surprise of peach and vanilla gelato (ho-ly cow it's good!).  After a really enjoyable conversation with the sommelier, we tried her own cocktail inventions - I loved them!  Wish I remembered the names - one was made with blueberry grappa and the other with whiskey & amaro.  Wonderful!FYI - peanut butter & jelly gelato is in a few days!!!  Yes!  This super tasty treat is only available for a short time
3	This was our third and final dinner on a recent trip to Vegas. After exquisite meals at Yellowtail and Scarpetta, we were ready to be impressed (in a more casual setting) by Mario Batali's joint. Finding the place was our first hassle. The Venetian could use some updated signage. Finally someone told us to "bear left at the canal" and we were on our way. We arrived in a quintessentially Vegas setting: a pseudo piazza with a few designer shops and restaurants. After two meals overlooking the Bellagio fountains, this was totally mediocre. We took our "outdoor" seats and reviewed the menu.Once we picked our food, we placed our orders in one of the most irritating interactions with a waiter I've ever had. When I ordered the arugula salad to start, he said to me, "Do you know that arugula is bitter... are you sure you want it?" Wtf? I guess we were in Vegas where folks from all walks of life, including those that never encounter arugula, eat out. I guess he was trying to be helpful. Mostly I was insulted by having to explain that I do in fact know what arugula is and do in fact want to eat it.Then I ordered the gnoccho fritto as part of our fried appetizer. Again, the waiter explains what it is as though it's definitely not what I have in mind and possibly won't like it. I don't care what it is. I want to try it.Then I ordered the gemelli for myself with their housemade sausage and broccoli rabe. AGAIN, "Do you know what broccoli rabe is? A lot of people don't know." Yep, I know what broccoli rabe is. Thanks! Yadda yadda, other than the above mentioned experiences, the food was pretty solid. We asked for the bread and received it half way through our entrees (and no olive oil to speak of, though I guess we should have been more clear about that). The fried stuff was fried stuff. It should have come with more sauces for dippin'. The arugula salad was tasty, but there was nothing particularly special about it. The girl who brought our wine commented, "I love that salad. It's so... simple." Indeed.My pasta was delicious. I scarfed down the whole plate, which was impressive given the massive amounts of fried food I'd just had. The housemade sausage was spot on, and the broccoli rabe was plentiful and well-prepared. My sister had the pesto pizza and loved it, though I thought it was a bit too rich and couldn't imagine eating much of it. My mom had the bucatini and loved it, as well. If you find yourself near this place, give it a try. But don't go out of your way. They have some work to do in the service department, and maybe they should just write out explanations on the menu if customers are frequently confused about arugula and broccoli rabe. I say spend a little more and do Scarpetta instead if you have time to plan.
3	4 star food, with 2 star, somewhat indifferent service.
1	Terrible service.  Granted, My husband and i are a huge iron chef and food network fan and had high expectations for the place because we thought Mario batalli's restaurant would impress.  My hubby and I had a pancetta pizza and beef ravioli. They were both prepared well and tasted delicious but both were luke warm at best.  The back waiter gave us bread without olive oil and balsamic we saw him pour for at least 3 other tables.  Our waiter left us unattended for at least a half hour and didn't bring our drinks until after the appetizer.  We asked for additional bread to finish our ravioli sauce but it was forgotten.  With high prices like this I expect great tasting food and attentive service.  Disappointing.
3	It pains me to give this place 3 stars, but I have to. First the good...The service was good and setting was nice. Be sure to sit "outside" so you can watch the action. We started with the prosciutto which was the best we've ever had...and we've had a lot. The flavor and texture were amazing. Order this!  Next was the caprese with burrata. This was also quite delicious. Love the pesto with it. Unfortunately the pizza is why I gave a  3 star review. It just wasn't great. We were expecting mind blowing pizza like we had at Eataly in NYC and it didn't come close. The crust was not light and airy like it should be. The pizza across the way at Postrio was much better.  I wouldn't say don't go here, I'd just recommend not getting pizza. Be sure to get the charcuterie though!
3	I'm really not sure what to say about this place. We had a LOT of good food here, but there were some disappointments.We started with the croquettes and squash blossoms off of the fritti menu-- both were excellent. I would definitely recommend the squash blossoms. We also had the roasted beets, a small arugula and Parmesan salad, and the prosciutto. These were all good as well. Finally, we had three of the cheeses-- I let the waiter pick those, and I don't remember what they were, but they were amazing, and they come with some delicious accompaniments-- honey, some cherries, and some dried apricots.Then there was the pizza. Meh. My husband really liked it, but I consider myself to be a pizza connoisseur, and I was completely underwhelmed. The crust was very very thin-- think cracker, with a tomato sauce, and a little dollop of mozzarella on each slice. It was not great.My biggest problem was the server. Every time I ordered something it was like he was questioning my order... for instance:Me: I'd like the margherita pizza please.Server: OK, that has a very thin crust with sauce and one piece of cheese on each slice.Me: I'd like the roasted beets please.Server: You mean you don't want to try the lentils or the eggplant? Both are very good.Me: I'd like the arugula salad please.Server: OK, well that has some arugula with shaved Parmesan and it is VERY simple.Do you see what I mean? Annoying. Yes I did actually read the menu before I ordered these things.Overall, the food was good, but I doubt we'll be coming back.
5	Otto Enoteca Pizzeria is one of my husband and my favorite restaurants when visiting las Vegas.  I read some of the reviews commenting on the pizza not being good and I completely disagree. I was in Italy last summer for three weeks and the food at Otto's is as close to true authentic Italian cuisine as I have found in the U.S.A. The problem is that most Americans eat Americanized Italian food not true Italian food.  In italy chicken comes on the side and never smothered in cheese or sauce. I love the bellini's at Otto's. For people who have never tried a Bellini, it is the national drink of Venice. I also love the pizza at Otto's, it is light and flavorful just like Italy. American pizza is smothered with cheese, not Italian pizza. It's too hot in Italy to eat heavy meals. On saturdays they make homemade lasagna which is light and delicious, one of my all time favorite dishes at Otto's.  Make sure to leave room for the gelato which is also very authentic to Italy. Real Italian gelato should be light and airy and bursting with flavor and that's exactly what you get at Otto's. If your looking for authentic Italian cuisine then Otto's is the place to go, but if you want crappy Americanized Italian then try olive garden.
4	If you ever need to try veal meatballs once in your life, then you must try them at Otto. Need I say more?! And the prosciutto paired with the soooo homemade mozzarella and cherry tomatoes in a smoothe pesto sauce is phenom. You may think you've done this latter menu item...however, if you've not tried it here, then you really have yet to experience just how close to Italy you can really be. All seating is outside in the grand canal shoppes area and the extensive wine inventory looks to take up much space aside from kitchen inside. Loved!
5	Are you looking for the best Italian food is Vegas? You've just found it. Fresh pastas, a stunning wine list and great ambiance make this a really special spot. It's hard to imagine anything with Mario Batali's name on it being anything less than perfect, and this restaurant is worth of having his name on it. I try something different every time I go and have never been disappointed.  My favorites are the corn pizza, the meatballs, and the desert with the salted caramel and chocolate gelato. Service is always quick and pleasant. I've never had trouble getting a reservation or getting in when I don't have a reservation. It's very close to the self-parking and looks out on Saint Mark's Square, where, if the time is right, you could see a lovely opera performance, masked clowns on stilts, or even a string quartet.
3	Mario Mario another city another restaurant.  I would give this a four but on principal I can't because it's another Mario Batali place.  Hey I love the guy but in a way I have to say this is a little like rating Chili's but they call it Wili's.Anyway ate their while I was at a trade show in Vegas.  In all honesty I like the place a lot.  What I liked most about it is that they have a very good selection of Italian cheese.  Which I love and they have Broccli Rabe which I love more.Sat at the bar by myself after a god awful day at the trade show.  Had a nice glass of wine which they sell by the ounce. I thought I was back in high school buying  pot but the selection was great and while worth it.The staff at the bar was atentive but not the best.  All in all a fun time but Mario knows how to do that.  Check out Eataly.OK it really is a four.
4	I've been here a couple of times.  They serve pretty good pizza here, the crust was fairly thin but had a good layer of cheese on it.  I've also had several of the verdure (vegetable) sides and think they are done very well (except kind of oily).  You can get three verdure as a dish, which is a good option for vegetarians and is reasonably priced and filling.Love the "outdoor" seating area.
4	I was impressed with this place. The wait was not very long even though it looked like every table was completely packed.We decided to hit the bar for a few beers. I forgot what i was drinking but it was a nice big Italian beer for $8...not bad prices for Las Vegas. Just as we took our first sip of beer our table was ready.  Sometimes I think restaurants want you to order a drink at the bar even though your table might be ready...it is a smart business move but as a consumer I find it tacky...oh well!We were given a great table in the fake outside. These restaurants crack me up with all of the fake elements. I feel like I'm eating on the set of a movie every minute. When are they going to make fake birds come over and try to eat my real bread? At least I hope it's real...the bread I mean!I made a special request from the waiter. I wanted my pasta cooked in a fresh pot of water with no salt. He said no problem. Some girl in our party...I don't even know who she was but she started giving me a hard time. Telling me the rest of the table was going to have to wait for there food because of me. She also started saying other things but I tuned her out. I didn't know she worked for the restaurant. Oh wait she doesn't! Just completely annoying! I'm still wondering who invited her? I would give her 1 star if I could review her!Here is the funny part. All of our pasta hit the table and someone at the table said, "can we get grated cheese?". The food runner then said, "I would recommend you try the pasta first because our water we cook the pasta in is really salty and people always complain it is too salty!" I looked right at this girl and said,"Wow that's ironic the food runner would say that!!!". I then looked at the food runner and said,"Load me up on the cheese because I had my pasta cooked in unsalted water!". I then shot a dirty look at this girl sitting at our table. She knew I directed it at her but she had no come back at me! I've never met someone who would attack someone at there own table for a special request!!! I hope she liked her salty pasta dish!I had the pasta with the shrimp and it was really good. Guess what? It wasn't salty at all. In fact, others at the table commented at how smart I was for requesting fresh unsalted water!  Sometimes it is good to ask and I was so happy with this restaurant honoring my special request.  A slammed restaurant that still cares about making there customer happy.  I love it!!!We also started with a pizza too and it was really good! I was really surprised at how tasty everything we ordered. I would come back here for dinner and drinks but I will not be dinning with that mean girl ever again. I am so glad I have no idea who she is and hopefully I'll never see her again. You gotta love Vegas!!!
2	To be sure you're impressed and don't forget who created this menu, a picture of Mr. Mario Batali greets you as you arrive. The Good: The waiters were pretty snappy and overall, the service was on par. The atmosphere was pleasant after a day of running around Vegas. It was plenty quiet enough to have a conversation with people sitting across an 8 top round table. The lights in the very high ceiling were turned down as well which made the entire experience relaxing. The Italian wine selection is extensive. The Bad:Independent of price, this restaurant is over rated. Price adjusted, it is out right poor. The quality of the pasta is at best Olive Garden. The portions were small. The pizza (the 'Truffle') which I would give at best a 3/5 was the best part.
2	Very inconsistent food and poor service.Sauteed Broccolli Rabe had burned garlic in it that destroyed the taste.Fried califlower that was supposed to the spicy and salty was anything but -- just mush.one pasta dish was "al dentist" (so undercooked you could bust a tooth on it!)Gave up before dessert.They did take the Broccoli Rabe (the only dish we actively complained about) but not without a lecture on "you don't understand how it's supposed to taste" (and honestly, not wanting to get into a debate about the poor food, we didn't even mention the other issues.  We're here to have a nice time, not an argument).
5	Peanut butter & Concord grape jelly gelato - sweet!Concord grape season is almost over so it was imperative we stop by our Happy Place, Otto, one more time before it's gone.  The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.  Exactly what we needed!  Thank you!Peanut butter & jelly gelato!My happy place :-)Sipping on Prosecco @ Otto - heaven!Great place to stop after work!  Stems up!
5	Ran in for a quick lunch had a break from a show I was attending. Friend wanted pizza so this worked out well. I w looking more for a salad but nothing suited me. Asked the waiter and he rec'd the chicken. They broiled it for me and placed it over a nice piece of grilled eggplant and Roma tomatoes topped off with a ricotta mix. One of the best plates I've had in a while, lunch or dinner. Flavors were an incredible match and finished the plate. Buddies pizza was good as well as also finished every bite. Might have to go back and try their dinner if time permits.
2	Not very good for price paid.  22 dollars for pasta with no sauce and mushrooms.  The beet bruschetta had a rye taste that was over powering.  Pizza also only o.k.
1	Went to Otto Enoteca Pizzeria last weekend and had to say it was the worst dinner we have had in Las Vegas.  From the minute we got there the waiters were rude and the manager was worse.  The music was so loud in the back wine room and when my husband who is not at all picky asked they turn it down they said No because  Mario Batali wants it loud -not that he was there but that is how it HAD to be. After even the manager refused to turn it down since we did not want to cause a further scene, we ordered spaghetti and meatballs (easy right) It was very small and dry- looked like it came out of a can.  Meatballs were gross! Very dissaponting for the money.  Also had pasta puttenesca that was more of a tasteless paste then a puttenesca sauce.  I would never go back!  Sorry that I had recommended to friends- we were all disappointed.  Even the wine was bad.Stunk!
3	During a recent trip to vegas, my mother and I ate at this restaurant.  It was good, but nothing spectacular.  The highlight of the meal were the two salads.  I had the octopus salad, while my mother had the panzanella.  The octopus was tender and the potatoes and celery made the perfect, crisp foil against the fish.  My mother's panzanella was light and refreshing, although a touch too sweet for my tastes.  For an entree, I had the braised pork shoulder, which the waiter said was a house specialty.  The meat was a little dry and stringy and the sauce was cloyingly sweet.  My mother had the pasta ala norma.  The sauce was good, but the pasta was very undercooked and I am not talking about al dente.  It was almost crunchy.
4	I have eaten there 3 times. Two of the times the service was great, friendly, attentive.  One time not so much but still OKThe food is fresh and tasty.  Overpriced like everything in the big hotels but not too outrageous. Most of the seating is out on the patio but there is a cozy, quiet seating area inside if that is what you want.  My wife makes the best pesto I have ever had but this was pretty damn good.
4	Food and wine selection are very good.  Found the service good, but under staffed.  Otto was full, but needed at least 2-3 additional servers.  Great for shared dinners with small and large groups.  Love that they have Peroni on tap.
1	Context:This  was the last thing we did on our way out of town after a chaotic weekend visiting family in from the east coast. I don't gamble and I am not a fan of Vegas culture, but I had hoped this meal would be a deperature from the slick and tacky and over the top.  I was looking forward to an authentic, quiet meal in a kitchy, yet relaxing (by vegas standards) environment. First Ominous Impressions:The whole meal started off badly. We waited nearly twenty minutes for our order to be taken, even though the restaurant was half empty.  The music was grating and loud (this, coming from someone whose boyfriend has a gold album from his punk band) and it clashed horribly with the music coming from Saint Mark's square. When I come to an Italian place, I really do want Italian music, either Italian classical or opera or Italian modern or vinatge pop, or hell, Sinatra in a pinch, but not whatever that awful American meathead stuff was that was blaring from the speakers.The Meal, the goodish bits:   Once we were seated, the staff were kind and attentive, and my Venetian Spritzer was refreshing and balanced. The fried squash blossom was pretty good, and reminded me of the ones my great grandmother used to make, but the rice flour batter got too chewy very quickly and the frying oil tasted old. The Meal, the horror show: The vegetable plates came out discolored and overcooked and yet, ice cold (should have been room temp) and soggy with oil. My boyfriend nearly broke a tooth on a stone in the farro (but refused to complain, because he is exceedingly polite). But the worst were the pastas! They were so salty that it was actually painful to eat them. Even my boyfriend agreed to tell the truth when the server came by to ask about our meals.  We were told our pasta was salty because the pasta water is salted. Um...I salt my pasta water at home, with a generous handful of salt, and I love salt so very much, but this tasted like a full tablespoon in the finish of a single, small (23 dollar) portion. Even after we got our pastas back, they were still like a salt lick. I'm not entirely convinced they did anything different at all, and with a fairly spendy price tag, I'd hoped for something actually edible.Overall Experience: This meal was a disgrace, made even more crushing because I adore Mario Batali's show and personality (and, swoon, that red beard!). I had such high hopes, but my dear Italian grandmothers are spitting in their graves. Mario, do you read these reviews? Do you understand that this experience was supposed to be a high note for us? A redemption? The sole tasteful experience of a weekend in hell, I mean, Las Vegas? Meals create memories...and this memory is tarnished.
4	I really liked this place. I dined alone here on October 9th for lunch.  I was seated in the "bar" which was more of a prep area.  The waiter came and brought me my iced tea quickly.  He recommended the spaghetti and meatballs to me, which I ordered. Even though the restaurant was not busy, it did take quite a while for the food to arrive, however it was probably the best spaghetti and meatballs I've ever had.  The sauce was on the spicy side, which I like and the meatballs were pretty much bite size.  I did not order desert and since this was lunch, I cannot speak to the wine menu but would recommend it for lunch if you have the time.
2	Horrible service. Good food. But horrible service.
4	Delicious steak, arugula, and parmesan salad.  The pasta was solid. On a side note, I love Batalli's sauces in the grocery stores!Had a super friendly and nice bartender/waitress.  Had a friendly waiter who mentioned that LA, Chicago, and Vegas had better food than SF.  He's confused and probably should expand his culinary adventures :P  SF and NYC probably tie for the best food and variety of food.
4	Otto, formerly San Marcos is a favorite lunch stop for us in Vegas. It's the cheese, all about the cheese . 5 different choices for about 25 bucks and a nice wine by the glass list makes this fun. Add some olives with the spreads served with the platter and you have a nice afternoon meal. Great people watching from the bar and watching the staff work the cold setup right in front of us was entertaining. Those guys work clean. We have never had dinner here, but it's the cheese  that brings us back. Perfect Parm Reggiano buffalo milk mozzarella, and a blue cheese creamier than mothers milk starred on the nifty presentation board.   .It's really about the cheese!!!
3	I had the prosciutto arugula pizza which had a great sauce and flavor.  Service was excellent, but my wife mentioned that her linguine was OK.  The seafood appetizer special was average.
5	I had a great experience with my family that has two young kids.  The service was fantastic from the server to the water guy, the plate guy ( I guess he was the bus boy.)  Food was very good and the server knew the menu well.  We've never had an experience better even at other fine dining places in Vegas.  It was a one time hit for us and hopefully the next time would be the same.Our food choices:Octopus salad was great, a little spicy and not that chewy just like the server described.  The Pork shoulder was enjoyable. The fried mashed potato was amazing.  The potatoes were just slightly crushed so the center can get fried too.  The other stuff we had were as expected so I leave that out but nothing was disappointing.
2	Recently ate there for a birthday dinner. The food was BLAND. Two of us ordered pizza, both were void of flavor the only part I liked was the crispy crust. My mom ordered a pasta and she said there was absolutely no flavor to it whatsoever. I ordered a 4oz glass of wine that cost $20 dollars and I was far from impressed, we had even asked the server his recommendations and my grandma and I were not pleased with our orders. Completely underwhelmed by the food and drinks.The busboy was very attentive, thus the 2 stars I'm giving it, our server seemed to appear when he had a quick second but didn't stay around long enough to notice most of us were just pushing the food around our plates. I would never recommend this restaurant when there are so many other options in Vegas.
5	We dine here every time we go to Vegas. Consistently great in every way.The Christmas carolers in the Venetian were annoying as heck but they were not related to the restaurant.
5	Great food great service. Olive oil made Fettuccini pasta was great! The sweet bruschetta wasn't that tasty. But overall a great place.
2	My boyfriend and I dined at Otto on Christmas Eve.  The staff was polite and professional but I have mixed reviews about the food.  Our server suggested the caprese salad with the prosciutto and copa.  Both good but very over priced.  We also ordered the eggplant and ricotta pasta which was not very good.  The pasta was too salty and too under-cooked.  I understand Italians cook pasta al-dente but our pasta was on the raw side.  This was probably my first and last time there.  I'd much rather eat across at Postrio.
5	I'm not sure why this restaurant does not have higher ratings. We had ZERO complaints, and that's unusual. We gave the wine guy a price range for a wine and a general idea of what we like, and he picked out a wonderful Zin. We loved it. Our waiter was awesome. I wish we got his name--Asian guy. He explained the menu to us in detail and gave us great recommendations. What I like about this place is that you can get cheeses and appetizers that are relatively inexpensive and will fill you up.We started with:-Ricotta fritters: 6 balls of cheese, rolled in bread crumbs and fried in peanut oil. TO DIE FOR-Lentils "alla Toscana": really tasty if you're a lentils fan-Panteleo cheese: A goat cheese--delicious-Taleggio cheese: A cow's milk cheese--also deliciousLike I said, these were all really reasonably priced and we were pretty full with them. Not full enough to skip an entree, of course. Who do you think we are?!We decided to split the eggplant pizza. The dough was perfect--soft, but crisp. I worry about eggplant (and other veggies) making the dough soggy, but this didn't have that issue at all.For dessert, we got the Otto Sundae. If you don't splurge on this, at least get the gelato by itself. It's housemade and SO GOOD.
2	Stayed recently for a few days in vegas at the venetian and tried this place one night. Not really impressed the best thing we had was appetizer of the bruschetta with the wild mushrooms.Myself and a friend ordered the spicy clam linguinie past taste like it was not even done and the clams did not taste very fresh at all. There were not too many clams in my dish and many of them did not open which usually means they are bad.The other friend we were with ordered the pork chop which came out drenched in balsamic vinegar my friend was not very impressed with this as most of the dish tasted like the vinegar.If I go back to vegas will definitely not be back here. Do yourself a favor and visit another restaurant this place is not cheap and the food is not worth even mcdonalds prices.
2	My girlfriend and I love to watch Iron Chef and the food channel. We were walking around the Venetian looking for a place to eat and came across a courtyard that had 3 different restaurants with patio-like dining. Out of the 3 we, recognized one that belonged to Wolfgang Puck and the other was one with Mario Batali's name on it. My girlfriend loves Italian food so we figured we can't go wrong with a restaurant with Mario Batali's name behind it.We ordered an antipasti of the Ricotta Fritters.  They were HARD and felt like they were stale..As for entrees, we Steak Tagliata that came with arugula, Parmesan and aged balsamic.  This was by far the most bland steak I have ever tasted in my life. It was not tender at all, rather it was quite chewy. $28? No thanks.Girlfriend ordered the Penne alla Puttanesca, which she felt was average and nothing special. $20 for an average pasta doesn't come off too well.  Mixed drinks were about $12 which isn't too bad considering it is the strip.We should have went to Wolfgang Puck instead..
5	So disappointed to see such poor reviews of Otto.  We loved it here.  It was by far the best meal I had in Vegas on this trip.  From the service, to the food, to the ambiance (minus the tables with kids), it was all perfection.  Firstly, we loved our server.  He was so patient and offered us a reasonably priced wine after we described they type of wine we like.  He offered wonderful suggestions and didn't push us to order too much, or too little.  We stared with several appetizers:  ricotta fritters, which were incredible, lentils, way better than I expected them to be...(I wish they sold those at Trader Joe's), and two cheeses which were accompanied by jam and honey to compliment them.  We had a goat cheese and a cow's milk cheese.  By the time we had gotten through the appetizers we were too full to each get a main course.  We were in the mood for pizza and split the eggplant pizza.  The eggplant was shaved thin.  The pizza had red sauce, which I love and the crust was perfectly thin but not so thin that the slice drooped onto your hand.  It was a fantastic pizza.  Finally, for dessert, we had the Otto Sundae.  Real good and made with gelato.
5	Amazing food. The pizza is flawless. The pasta amazing. The ambiance, like ur in a town in Italy. We loved it. Actual Italian waiters.
2	Definitely not the best Italian I've had, far from it actually. I ordered the sweet potato ravioli with sage sauce and it was decent but it was $24 for 6 small pieces. Outrageous prices. The prices were horrible and the service was even worse. They gave us bread but brought out the olive oil when our dinner was coming out. They said they had no mushrooms or asparagus to put in our pasta which I saw plenty of people that did...not to mention I find it very hard to believe that an Italian restaurant has no vegetables period (as our waiter informed us). It was number 2 on our friend's list of places to eat but I think that list needs to be reevaluated. The location in the Venetian is nice but that is pretty much the best part of the restaurant. The others in our group did like their pizza and I thought it was decent so I threw in an extra star for that.
1	The ambiance for Otto is great but I cant say the same for the food.  My friends and I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, ravioli,  lasagna,  margherita pizza and was truly disappointed with the presentation and flavors.   Everything we ate was too salty and needed several rounds of water to wash down the taste.For quality of food that is being served,  the price is outrageous.   Scarpetta at The Cosmopolitan is  a better choice if you are looking for good italian food.
4	I was a big fan of the restaurant that used to be in this spot.  The current Batali and Bastianich pizzeria that took over did not disappoint our group of six.  The pizzas (the Romana and a sweet onion w/ proscuitto!) were delicious, the salads excellent and the deep fried cauliflower was awesome.  Only complaint - it wasn't at all busy and everything seemed to take forever!
5	Holy Panzanella salad, batman!! Everything is made fresh, pizzas and pastas are light and delicious. And of course, the Panzanella rocks- a must try! I have eaten here three times and it's been fantastic every time- service, food, everything. I would definitely come back!
2	I would be surprised if Mario Batali has tasted the food in this outlet lately.  If he has, I'm surprised he allows his name to be used here.  Everything was pretty mediocre.  Don't bother.
3	Well, I love Otto in LA...unfortunately, this one is not even close to the one in LA...the pizza here was just.....disappointing :(  I did love having a bottle of red wine, a variety of cheeses, meats and olives, while people watching all the crazy people in Las Vegas.  I would definitely come back for just that....but....they aren't actually making any of those ingredients....LOL
3	Met a friend here who was at a conference in the Palazzo. Lovely seating... feels like you are in a cafe is a square in Europe, especially when the lights went low and a great place to talk. We started out with an appetizer of french bread spread with goat cheese and topped with roasted beets and herbs and was really, really tasty. Wine choices by glass were a bit on the expensive side... but they did give you a small carafe. Had the grilled chicken topped with eggplant parm, sun-dried tomato and buffalo mozzarella, which was good, We split an order of gelati and biscotti, which were both ok... definitely had better. I thought the consistency was off, and when you are paying top dollar for the ambiance and Chef Mario Batali's name, I expected a full above average experience and the food just did not have the pop it should have had.
4	Took my wife to Otto's for our anniversary prior to seeing Rock of Ages.   Started with a 3 cheese sample, olives, and 2 carnes.  The cheeses came with dipping sauces - like honey and black truffle oil.  The cheeses, olives, and carne were great.  For dinner my wife had the quatro fomagi pizza and I had the lamb meatballs.  The pizza was wood fired and the crust was thin and crispy. Very favorable sauce and cheeses.  The meatballs were great - tender and full of flavor.  Otto's has an extensive wine list and the waiter was glad to help pair up wine with our appetizers and dinner. Service was great and attentive the whole dinner.Otto's is expensive, portions are not large, but the quality and flavor surpass both of  those issues. I would have given Otto's 5 stars but our only complaint was a few minutes after getting our cheese and carne our dinner came. I would have been great to sit and enjoy our appetizer with our rushing it.
3	I'd even bump this up to 3.5 stars.Look, it's not mind-blowing food but if you are with a large group (and so MANY Of us are in vegas in a large group) there's something to satisfy everyone and as long as you hang in the small plates/pasta/pizza categories, it can actually be pretty cheap, compared to other Vegas places. Pictures and more stuff here: http://www.eattalk.net/2013/02/postcard-from-las-vegas.html#.USfVZOgRQtU
1	Very disappointing.  Having dined at this place before, and enjoyed it, we went back with our three-year-old daughter.  It's definitely NOT child friendly!  No children's menu, and the charge for a very small plate of spaghetti with butter and cheese for her was $12.00--the price of an entree.  I emailed Mr. Batali after we ate there to ask about this, and never got a response.  Will not go back--there are a lot more child-friendly and pleasant options at the Venetian.
1	Wanted a quick tasty bite with friends. Nothing quick or tasty about this place. The service was horrendous and extremely slow. The pizzas were bland and lacked any sort of flavor. Should have saved $120 and gone to sabarroWanted a quick tasty bite with friends. Nothing quick or tasty about this place. The service was horrendous and extremely slow. The pizzas were bland and lacked any sort of flavor. Should have saved $120 and gone to sabarro
2	On my most recent trip to Vegas, my girlfriend and I decided to try out Otto.  My girlfriend is a vegan and I am a vegetarian.  The kitchen refused to make any of their pizzas without cheese and the serving of pasta I got for $20 was smaller than a pool ball. Needless to say, I was pretty disappointed and I will not be coming back.
4	My go to place for lunch while in Vegas.I have been numerous times and I find it very consistent, consistently good.This is pretty authentic Italian food. Not the basic American version with heavy sauces and a ladle of sauce on a mound of spaghetti. While I have not tried the entire menu, I have had the privilege of having several items. I always start with the Ricotta Fritters. These are crunchy yet creamy deep fried balls of ricotta cheese. I dare you to try and eat just one.I usually follow that up with the Rigatoni with Ragu Napolitana. It is served a bit al dente, so if you prefer softer pasta, ask them to cook it a little longer. The ragu is light with a flavorful blend of shredded veal and pork. I have also had two different pizzas. The Margherita and the Sausage and Peppers. Both were wood fired with a light crisp crust. I preferred the Margherita. It was so light and fresh. The perfect amount of sauce as to not over power it. It's making my mouth water thinking about it.In the past I have also tried the Ravioli (Butternut Squash with Browned Butter and Sage drizzled on top) and the Gemelli (with Sausage and Broccoli Rabe). Again both were very good.The portions are a bit on the small size, however, they are deceivingly filling. I have read several reviews that mention they think that the price is a bit high, even for Vegas. I would agree with them. But you must consider the location, ambiance and the Operatic singers and minstrels that are playing and singing in the square. If you are looking for quiet, you may want to sit inside. If not, the patio is great!Buon Appetito!
4	Friday night in vegas during lent is not as adventurous as I hoped it to be since we couldn't eat meat and with a 38 degrees temperature & raining, you know I wasn't willing to partake in any outdoor/strip walking. We ended up at this lovely place after walking around Venetian trying to decide where to eat for dinner and I have to say we made a great selection between the adjacent restaurant & Grand Lux Cafe.Our host sat us in a private wine room where we ended up having the entire space to our self. It was very romantic. Our server was knowledgeable and was kind enough to assist us with deciding which wine to chose. We had the margherita pizza, clams linguine which was amazingly delicious then shared a pear & apple crisp topped with a vanilla gelato, the combination of both fruit was so good we cleaned out the bowl. Definitely recommend this place for all ages :)
1	First, I understand that in a touristy place like the Venetian that the food doesn't necessarily have to be good because there is limited return business. This place was a total miss for my dinning companion and me. They wanted to seat us at a small table right next to another couple when there was almost no one else in the  restaurant.  The beer list consisted of one choice and the wines were very over priced. We had to ask for bread as we watched other tables get bread as they sat down. Our bill came to $72 for one beer $8 glass of wine $16  the Rigatoni Ragu , which included some gelatinous material that should not have been on any plate, $21 and so so ravioli for $23 .  Save your money and go someplace else.
5	Holy goodness Batman! This place was pretty amazing. The service was spot-on and the food was awesome.... so much so that I ate there twice during my week long stay.Have some cheese - I highly recommend the taleggio. It is fantastic by itself and even better with the honey, cherry, or apricot they bring out with the cheese. I got the cheese both times it was just so good.The fried cauliflower was hands down the best fried cauliflower I've ever eaten.  It didn't need any dipping sauce, just a little lemon juice that's it.They make their own ricotta in house and you can tell. We got great wine recommendations from our waiter. Of the 4 main courses I've seen/eaten not one was disappointing. The spaghetti and meatballs was simple and tasty. The veal meatballs on polenta I will definitely have to have next time I go.
4	3.5 stars overall.My girlfriend and I stopped in here for lunch while the hubbies were off playing hockey. Located right in the center of the Venetian shopping plaza, you have great views to do a little people watching and even watch the show they randomly put on throughout the day on the nearby stage.  I liked the outdoor seating area. Very cozy and very European. It was nice. For lunch, we decided to share the Tuna salad and the Margherita pizza. For the salad, the menu read, "Tuna Roasted Tomato Artichoke Caprese Burrata Pesto Cherry Tomato Salad", a lot going on so I was a little intrigued at what the salad would look like.  It could also use some punctuation too.  The salad overall was a 3. A little too tangy for me to rave about it but nevertheless, it was tasty and enjoyable. I think they if they can simplify this salad, it would really go a long way. The margherita pizza is what made this lunch for me. The crust was nice and thin, very tasty and had the right amount of cheese on it. I know it's pretty authentic to just place the whole basil leaves on the pizza but I never understood why restaurants do this because you can't get the taste of the basil in every bite. I prefer cooks and chefs to chiffonade the basil and then sprinkled on top. That way, the basil goes a long way.The service here great. Our waiter was very attentive as well as the rest of the wait staff. We didn't have to ask or wait long for anything. My first visit to a Mario Batali restaurant and while he's in between a 3.5-4 stars for me, I'd definitely come back and try other things on the menu despite the mixed reviews here.
4	This restaurant reminded me of a mix between Pizzeria & Osteria Mozza in Los Angeles.  The food was fresh & service was good.  We shared appetizers - fried cauliflower was the best!  3 pizzas: truffle, cabonara, and one other...but the best in my mind was our 3 pastas selections: one with bottarga, bucatini ala amatriciana, and I forgot the last one.  Good italian food at the Venetian, but be prepared that you may be seating in their outdoor but indoor dining area.  :)
3	Our experience at Otto's was mixed. They brought the breadsticks that are imported from Italy. We ask for bread, which came with no butter or oil. They brought oil after we ask. I has the braised pork shoulder and would give it a five. The apple reduction was out of this world. My wife had spaghetti with pepper and butter. It was just average. I ordered Lemoncello and it was terrible. I sent back and the waiter said the bar tender did not shake it up. The second glass was better, but still not good. I would not recommend. We share the three flavored of Gelato and we only found two favors and they were just OK, again I wouldn't reorder.Our service was good. The prices were high, but for what I have seen of Las Vegas, they were about right.
3	Nice ambiance in "St. Mark's Square."  Food is just OK - had the margarita pizza (cheese tasted a bit odd).  Also, had the blood orange juice - FRESHLY SQUEEZED!
5	I went there last week for lunch and had the grilled chicken. I have to say it's one of the best chickens I've had.
3	Decent, but should be much better for a Mario Batali & the prices.I went with a group of 5 on a Sunday evening. The bread was good & fresh. Had to ask for olive oil.Service was good & attentive although the waiter butchers Italian names & words mercilessly.I had an octopus salad that was very nice. Highlight of my dinner.The seafood stew was barely mediocre. The sauce was sort of ketchupy - embarrassing.My desert was a berry crisp which tasted like granola with warm not fresh berries.Two friends had the seared tuna and enjoyed it. Another had the pork shoulder & liked it.The smashed potatoes were satisfying - salty w lots of rosemary.Good wine list, but pricey for what you get.2.5 stars for food. 4 for atmosphere.
3	We enjoyed our meal at Otto! The food was good, our waitress was engaging and friendly, and the ambiance was fun - you felt like you were outdoors without actually being cold! We made a reservation ahead of time and there was no wait.We ordered a plate of Gorgonzola, the fried cauliflower and fried ricotta balls as an appetizer, then two types of pizza and the veal and ricotta meatballs, and a very nice and reasonably priced bottle of Chianti and cannoli. The Gorgonzola was tasty and was served with honey, cherries and apricots, which was nice. The fried cauliflower was GREAT - unique texture and delicious flavor. The ricotta balls were like a fancy jalapeno popper and were tasty too. I really loved our pizza margarita - I love buffalo mozzarella and the sauce was flavorful enough to balance it - and my friend's four cheese pizza was good (except there was way too much ricotta on the ricotta slices). We shared an order of the meatballs, and were so happy that we did. The meatballs were moist and flavorful. I wish the polenta had been less "grit" style, and that there had been more of it - there was MAYBE a couple tablespoons and we were expecting a little more, but it was good.And the canolli was delicious - three small canolli with creamy filling that wasn't overly sweet. It was just sweet enough that you weren't overwhelmed, but not saccharine-y.The reason they don't get more stars - I wish some of the portions were larger - I get that Vegas is super expensive AND this is the restaurant of a famous chef, but other places in Vegas have a better cost/portion ratio. Also, the pizza was delicious but the crust was just a TINY bit overcooked for my taste. I like a pizza that has a firm but slightly chewy crust, and the crust here was too crispy all the way through. And the bread they give you was kind of flavorless and dry - good for the cheese my friend put on it but otherwise kind of bland. I'd like to go back and try out some other menu items but it'll have to be the next time I'm ready to splurge!
4	I really enjoyed my experience here, but reading some of the other reviews, it may be because I dined on an expense account. The highlight of my meal was actually the wine- I was guided towards some amazing tastes by my server. I really like how you can construct your own tasting flight by size. The second thing I really liked was my burrata caprese. Absolutely tasty. You know that scene in the movie Ratatouille, where Anton Ego the Critic is transported, with one bite, back to his childhood home in rural France? I had a moment like that, back to a sunny cafe in Italy. I had a pasta, the carbonara special, which was nice but somewhat heavy. I regretted ordering it, despite having had a hankering for carbonara which had actually led me to choosing the restaurant, because it was just too much. A light series of sorbetti helped me recover, and of course, the finishing off of the wine. Mmm.
4	Me and my hubby came for our anniversary, we shared a pear walnut salad... Wow it was the best..
5	Love this place.  Sitting is a palazo in the Venetian with opera in the background...excellent.  Arugula salad was amazing.  Perfecting dressed.  I thoroughly loved their pizzas.  The tomato sauce is so fresh tasting!  The prosciutto was lean...winner all the way around.  One of my lunchmates is a vegetarian and found many items to make him happy.  I'm fortunate because there's an Otto in NYC so I don't need to come back to Las Vegas to enjoy, again.
3	Lunch for six on 5/12/13.  We were happy with the pizzas and appetizers that we ordered, and service was good.  The drinks could have been stronger (c'mon it's Vegas!).  A tad pricey - we paid $48 each for lunch with one drink.  You can't go wrong here.
1	I visited this restaurant twice during my visit to Vegas.  The first time everything went well.  But the second night we ate here our server, Sabrina, had a really bad attitude.  Maybe she didn't want to be at work that day.  However, we did inform the manager and he didn't seem to care much.  We ate our appetizer and visited another restaurant to continue our dinner.  I was pretty amazed that Mario Batali would associate his name with such a horrible restaurant.
5	Excellent Margherita Pizza!!! :)
5	What better way to start off Memorial Day weekend than a visit to my happy place?Spring semester is over and grades are in so let the feasting begin!  We were happy to find ourselves seated in Sabrina's section - she's one of our favorites!  She knows the drill and starts us off with a glass of prosecco.  She knows we like to take our time and order as we go, so she checks in with us once in while to see how we're doing.  We start off with a nice little selection of meats and cheeses (love the light flavor of the testa, and the taleggio is an amazingly soft and earthy cheese) accompanied by honey with truffles, apricot mustardo, and the infamous cherries.We also ordered a bottle of Linticlarus, recommended by the sommelier.  We were intrigued by his description of it's smokiness and the fact that it was a grape we hadn't had before:  lagrein from the Trentino-Alto Adige region of northern Italy.  Love the wines from the northern region of Italy (amarone is a favorite grape)!  The Linticlarus was as described - fruit forward with a nice smokiness on the nose.  Very fun and easy to drink!The ricotta fritters are another favorite of ours as is the arancine.  The ricotta gives the fritters a nice creaminess, and the arancine (rice balls) have a hint of a kick to them.Sabrina recommended a wonderful, fresh salad with juicy citrus and (I believe) escarole.  We usually have a pasta or main course, but we were too full to go any further.Sabrina also recommended an awesome mint gelato with tiny dark chocolate chips.  So incredibly fresh!  I enjoyed my favorite after-dinner amaro, Nonino as well.  Perfect ending to a perfect meal.
2	I am giving 2 stars just because of the price/quality ratio, but nothing more than a 3. Overall food may  The location is very cool, at the St Marc place inside the Venetian. It offers both outside and inside with a large and nice wine list. We were not in a mood for a big feast but just wanted some fresh and delicate italian food. My friend ordered the pizza and it was very disappointed. Ingredients aren't very fresh and the recipes aren't very exciting. I ordered the pasta with lamb ragu and my other friends got the meat balls. Both dishes were recommended by our waiter. To start with, the portions are extremely small. I am european so I do not except to have a huge plate of pasta but unless you have a massive lunch, you will be hungry after this. This goes against the italian food spirit... The ragu was ok. The lamb was great but it was lacking a lot of flavor. The sauce was very basic tomato sauce which I suspect they use in every dish. My friend got the same sauce in the meat balls. Unfortunately, the meat balls were so small that you couldn't get full flavor of the meat which I think is key.Anyway, I do not think i will go back there. Too expensive for what it is just because the owner is famous and doesn't deliver on high quality food. I don't mind paying big $$$$ at all when it comes to food but it just has to be top. This was not the case....
2	Some reviewers have adored Otto Enoteca.  I think that they "Otto" get their heads examined.  (sorry, I couldn't help it)On their side, the pizza was thin, crispy, and as close to real Neapolitan pizza as I've had in a long time.  Other than that, the service was fair to good:  the place was very busy, but service was kind of slow and bordering on not attentive - long waits between the waiter's visits to our table.  Dinner was longer than we wanted, and it felt even longer due to the setting at "St. Mark's Square."  I realize that many people find the the fake street scene environment at the Venetian to be novel and even charming.   However, to me, the location was simply not relaxing - loud echoes like a gym full of people, lots of people.  The music of the amplified "acoustic" street performers sounded like it was in an echo chamber - the "sky" was vaulted and reflected any sound below.People-watching was interesting, but only one or two steps above the freak show on the strip, with the typical bachelorette parties in crotch length dresses, wasted dudes re-enacting The Hangover, and tee shirt covered pot bellies.  In short, a lot of American tourists.  This kind of sucked the charm factor down to near empty.  Ultimately, it was a mall...  in Las Vegas.And was a big mall.  Entering through Palazzo might have provided a shorter path to the restaurant.  As it was, the walk through the Venetian shops was looooong - both in and out.   To summarize, the food was good, but it was pricey.   However, with lack-luster service in a setting that I found to be harsh, I don't need to return.
4	I bit expensive, but the simple fact that you can get higher end wines by the glass (or even a 2 oz pour) makes it forgivable. Cheesy outdoor singers, bit that is the fault of the venetian, not the restaurant. Friendly staff and great cheese!
2	Food was great, though the servings were small and price expensive for what it was.  I guess that can be expected from a place like this.  What drew the negative review was the really rude server we got.  I dont think i'll come back just because of him.
4	The service was decent, but slow. We went for lunch and it was quite clear that they were understaffed. We would go extended periods of time without seeing our waiter, and that grew frustrating. The food, however, was phenomenal. Granted, I have limited options to enjoy (everyone in our party just ordered the Margherita Pizza), but the pizza was still excellent. The crust was thin, the mozzarella was fresh, and the tomato sauce finished off the pizza quite well. The coffee was decent, if a bit weak.
1	I would never come back here again. It was literally the worst meal I have ever had in my life. The pizza was gross, fried ravioli was worst ever and the pasta had cold cheese chunks on it. The dessert was even pathetic. It was the most disappointing meal out of my 11 day vacation. Maybe joe shouldn't focus so much on master chef until he figured out his own shit.
3	This is a very simple review: start your Vegas trip here for lunch! Great spot to people watch and oww and ahh at the sights. We order the prosciutto pizza which was exceptional and the tomato and burrata app which was uber fresh. The service was a little spotty but that can be expected at a lot of Vegas establishments for some reason. Will definitely be back!
5	I LOVE their thin crust pizza...a must try!!
5	Stopped by here for a quick lunch.....stayed for two hours!!! 2oz after 2oz of incredible Italian wines from the enomatic machines. Braised pork shoulder? Yes please!! Manager came over and said hello, bartender was very friendly. Will be back for sure!
4	We enjoyed Otto several times while in Vegas.Our first visit, we started with Caprese (Burrata, Pesto, Cherry Tomatoes). The burrata was amazing and the pesto tasted fresh and bright. The cherry tomatoes seemed picked at the peak of flavor - they were so wonderfully sweet! We enjoyed the Caprese so much that we ordered it the subsequent two times we dined at Otto. Next, we tried the Grilled Pacific Tuna with Sicilian pesto with broccoli rabe as a side. The tuna was grilled to medium rare and has a great, fresh flavor. The pesto and greens scattered atop the dish added to the great melding of flavors on the plate. The broccoli rabe, unfortunately, was bitter to the point that I couldn't manage more than one bite. Dessert was a trio of gelatos: dark chocolate malt, salted caramel and pistachio - YUM!The next trip to Otto, we ordered the Caprese again, along with the grilled tuna (no more broccoli rabe for us, though). To round out the meal, we ordered the Bucatini all'Amatriciana (tomato, cured pork, onion), which we'd somehow missed on our previous trip - if we had seen it, we would have ordered it from the beginning! Again, the Caprese was sublime, as was the tuna. The bucatini was also amazing, to the point that we needed more bread, then our fingers, to make sure we got every last bit of sauce left on the plate. Our third trip to Otto, we varied it slightly. We went with the Caprese and the bucatini, but mixed it up by ordering the Marinated Chicken Paillard (arugula, fried eggplant, ricotta). The Paillard was delicious, so simple yet expertly prepared. The eggplant was a nice, thick slab and the creamy ricotta complemented the rest of the dish nicely.All in all, the only disappointment was the broccoli rabe, everything else was just wonderful! If the Shoppes at the Palazzo were a bona fide neighborhood, we'd have our favorite neighborhood restaurant right there.
5	How cool is it to get a phone call that your favorite short-lived dessert is in season and ready for scrumptious consumption at your favorite Happy Place?  So, here we are a week later indulging our palates with a penchant for particularly tasty tidbits.  Aaahhh...  this place is so zen.What a wonderful greeting!  Matt was at the front and as soon as we sat down Chad stopped by to say "Hi!".  Sweet Paula took care of us and we felt pampered and warm and fuzzy.  Aaahhh...We were still feeling the addictive pull of the fried calamari, so we indulged and included some potato croquettes as well.  After sipping on a bit of prosecco (so awesome, thank you!!!), we paired our fried friends with a glass of the Bastianich Friulani and the COS Rami.  The Bastianich was lovely (although, the Bastianich Plus is still resonating on our palate) and a nice price point.  The COS Rami was actually very interesting - it was a full-bodied white and paired well with the croquettes.We decided to try a new salad, and the tuna, roasted tomatoes, and artichoke salad sounded refreshing and light.  Wonderful!  With anchovies served on top, you could choose to allow your dining partner to gobble them up or...  be bold and adventurous and try a bite yourself.  I swear I don't like anchovies, and when tasting by themselves I'm still not crazy about them (my husband loves them!).   But they actually added a nice, very slight brininess to the whole composition.  Matt suggested a transition wine - wish I could remember the name!  It was a lovely, light red.The puttanesca sounded intriguing, and since I was feeling adventurous and Paula assured me the anchovies were mixed well in the sauce, we went for it.  The puttanesca sauce had that just every so slight briny flavor, not overdone at all, and a hint of kick which I love.  Again, we went with Matt's suggestion and the bold red held up nicely to the puttanesca, which slightly sweetened the wine.And now, what we came for and why we purposely didn't overindulge - the PB&J.  This delectable dessert is only in season for a short amount of time since it's made with Concord grapes.  Yes, Otto makes fresh gelato.  And they make it well.  Really, really well. Thanks to all the folks at Otto for another memorable meal!-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Summer session ended well, so it was time to celebrate again at our happy place!Not only is the food amazing - fresh, locally sourced ingredients - but the service is outstanding.  We are always made to feel so welcome! As always, we started with a glass of prosecco (the rose has become my favorite) and a sampling of meats and cheeses to nosh whilst we peruse the menu.  I love how they present the testa with a bit of citrus zest and the ciccioli is wonderful.  If you haven't tried their formaggi yet, definitely give it a try next time you're there.  It's served with three condiments:  honey with truffles, brandied cherries, and an apricot mustrado.  Oh holy h*!! it's good!We were presented with a wonderfully refreshing melon salad, and with the hint of mint and cheese it was a great entree.  We also tried the fried cauliflower for the first time - they are addicting!  And suprising!  They looked like they would be heavy, but were actually quite light.  Thanks to Sabrina for the recommendation!  The fried squash blossoms are so pretty and also surprisingly delicate for a fried dish.  We normally order a bottle of wine, but instead decided to sample several whites and reds.  It's great, because you do a 2, 4, or 8 oz pour so you can mix things up and taste a bit here and there.  The Bastianich Friulano Plus was a HIT - I've got to try and find a bottle of this!  A complex white that is full-bodied and smooth on the palate with a finish that keeps going and going...Next, we opted for the carbonaro pizza.  Loved how they broke the egg and swirled it all around  - it was food art!We finished with a surprise dessert - maple gelato with pancetta and a tasting of three different Amaros.  The maple gelato was so, so, so good!  Just slightly sweet, not overly done at all, and the salty pancetta was such a compliment.  Mmmm....  Another great meal at our happy place!
1	I had such high hopes for Batali's Otto, and left very disappointed!  The location is fun in the promenade of the Venetian so it is great for people watching.  The wine list and  menu seems impressive but the service was just AWFUL!  I received a dirty small plate to share our burrata and tomato appetizer.  It was visibly dirty, looked like it was stained with someone else's balsamic vinegar.  A server took the plate away and quickly replaced it , so I tried to forget about it.  Then for my main course, as I am enjoying my tuna steak I notice a small black hair on my plate.  It was clearly not my own, and I showed the waiter who took it away.  While he offered to get me something else, my appetite was lost at this point. It is a shame since the wine was great and my bf was happy with his food, but the overall quality of service is just not acceptable, especially for a chef who I greatly admire.  I would only return for wine and still think they should have comped a dessert or something for us given our experience.
1	WOW I am definitely surprised by the number of stars this place has been rated by people. This was probably THE MOST disappointing meal of my life. I ordered a pasta, described as with pecorino and pepper , and this was exactly what I got.  It was disgustingly plain looking,  as it was just narrow, long pasta noodles with pepper, cream,  EXTREME amounts of salt, and the cheese (pecorino) was melted and mixed in.  It was NOT even garnished with any parsley or any greens, it was just plain pasta--no veggies at all.  Presentation was horrible. It was just piled on a very plain plate, not even on an attractive plate.  It tasted like I just threw a box of spaghetti noodles in, mixed some cheese in and threw some pepper on. This place is in a PRIME location at Venetian, so I was definitely surprised at the quality of the food. Mario Batali, your name has forever been tarnished in my mind because your name is on this restaurant. My meal was the most dissatisfying meal I have ever had, and to top it off, I PAID someone to make me this horrible dish, I didn't even make myself the worst meal of my life!!!  It was $17, which I thought to myself (based on the location/looks/chef Mario Batali's name on the restaurant) seemed like a bargain, but I was let down almost instantaneously with one bite. The best part of this visit was probably the packaged breadsticks they give you in the beginning of the meal-- yes, individually packaged breadsticks, which were not even good. I went in a group of about 7 people, and I tried everyone's dish-- it all tasted the same--but theirs just looked better. I thought maybe I had just picked the bad menu item, but they were all bad!! I think though the worst dish was the "salad"--and we were all confused because the "salad" included radicchio + mozzarella. It sounded good on the menu--although I am not a fan of radicchio because of the strong bitter taste, I decided to try it. To my surprise there existed a dish even WORSE than my own! It was not a bed of fresh, raw veggies + fresh mozzarella-- it was in fact cooked radicchio mixed with melted mozzarella. It was an epic mess. So disappointed by Mario Batali's cuisine. I will NEVER be returning here NOR will I be going to any of his restaurants because clearly this restaurant is ruining his image, and nothing is being done about it. I will NEVER be returning to this restaurant,
4	Excellent pizza; I had the potato, truffle, and fontina pizza. Vegetable sides were delicious. Good selection of wines at a fair price. Service was professional and fast.  I will come back next year. This is a good Italian option in Vegas where everything is overpriced.
1	The bad news is that Mario Batali no longer owns the restaurant.  The service and the food has gone from best to bad.  Skip it
5	Love Batali's food in general ... So I'm a bit biased. Would have given this 4 stars for food, but the Venetian ambiance made it better.
4	Not sure why the lower ratings...on 3 occasions, on 3 different trips to Vegas with 3 different groups of people - we all loved it!  It's the perfect location on St. Mark's Square in the Venetian and just steps down to the auditorium to watch "Rock of Ages".  The portions are a bit small and wish they would be more generous.  We ordered the dishes family style for the 6 of us and felt it was not enough to share.  But the quality and taste of the pasta and meet dishes - was great!  Really enjoyed the overall experience and would come back!
5	Pork shoulder was amazing.  My wife loved the chicken and eggplant.  Serivice was great.  The squash blossoms were amazing and very unique.  This is my favorite of the three Batali and Bastianich places at this particular casino.
5	Coming from a girl who's first word was "pizza" let me tell you this place left me speechless. We ordered the "Gnocco Fritto" with the "Prosciutto di Parma" to start. The dough was fried perfectly and the fresh grated parmesan was the freshest I have ever tasted. Then ordered the "Margherita D.O.C" which was topped with an amazing tomato sauce that was seasoned just right, bufala mozzarella and basil. That pizza alone was breathtaking, but the real winner here was the "Pesto" pizza. Thin wood fired crust topped with ricotta, olive oil, and green pesto. When it arrived I admit it looked like the pesto was going to be overpowering and bitter, but boy was I wrong. I have never tasted such a balance of flavors in one bite. The medley of cheese and pesto was perfect. Was disappointed that I didn't get a chance to try the pasta because I'm sure it is amazing as well.If you like REAL Italian food, I suggest you try this place.
5	Steak Tagliata, Veal & Ricotta Meatballs, Lasagna Veal Bolognese and Spaghetti & Meatballs were excellent. We paired the dishes with Dolcetto d'Alba, perfection. Service was wonderful. Experience delightful :)
5	Absolutely fantastic. Olives, squash blossoms, carbonara, squash ravioli. Service was impeccable. We were here a year ago and normally try new places but just couldn't. Amazing, highly recommend. Squash blossoms are only available in the summer but what ever they replace it with will probably be great. Go!
2	I was very disappointed by this restaurant. The service was good, but the food was not very tasty and the wine list, while very good, was more expensive than the dinner! It felt like an over-priced tourist restaurant.
4	Neapolitan pizza is amazing here.  Perfect amount of toppings with fresh sauce and fresh mozzarella.  The bottom crust was crunchy with a wonderfully chewy end crust.  We also tried some of the appetizers:   Cauliflower Frittelle  and  Frittelle di Prosciutto.   Frittelle di Prosciutto was good but very salty.   Cauliflower Frittelle  was also very good, but the portion size was large and we had to stop ourselves from over eating.Service was a little slow, especially for being lunchtime on a weekday.  However, we would go back because the pizza was just that good!
5	This was one of the best meals I've had in a long time. We were in town on vacation and ended up in the Venitian. We saw Otto's menu and decided to give it a try. We pretty much allowed our server "Ginger" to pick out our meal and she picked nailed it!! We liked it so much we went back again the next night to try some other items. It is reasonably priced, has terrific service and outstanding atmosphere.
5	So delicious! The arancini and squash blossoms were so yummy. The pepperoni pizza was perfection and the featured pasta  was sooo good!
3	Walking through the shops at the Venetian, we passed by this restaurant.  It has a large patio seating and the menu boasted some Italian items that sounded delish, so we stopped by for lunch.  Here's what we ordered:Salad, $8http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/otto-enoteca-pizzeria-las-vegas?select=MGVFJp-IduwmkVwnGYlWEA#MGVFJp-IduwmkVwnGYlWEAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/otto-enoteca-pizzeria-las-vegas?select=0as7DhbONBS1Vu7XT1jc7g#0as7DhbONBS1Vu7XT1jc7gQuattro Formaggi Pizza (Taleggio, Cacio, Ricotta, Mozzarella), $19http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/otto-enoteca-pizzeria-las-vegas?select=_fF0e-Rl3eMzZB5ksynqtw#_fF0e-Rl3eMzZB5ksynqtwRavioli, $23http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/otto-enoteca-pizzeria-las-vegas?select=miaVR9NiHw9BcsMa3-DrwA#miaVR9NiHw9BcsMa3-DrwAThe Salad was good.  It came with a Balsamic Vinaigrette Dressing and was topped with thin slices of Proscuitto.The Pizza was *meh*.....it lacked flavor.  It was a "4 Cheese" Pizza and each of the 4 sections of the Pizza had the different Cheeses...they weren't blended.  Each section was bland.  I was really disappointed.The Ravioli was good, but not great.Overall, it was a very average lunch....and for the price, it should've been outstanding.Return Factor - 30%
5	We had a pre wedding party for 40 here Friday night. Amazing service and care to detail. The food was amazing as with the wine. Everyone had a blast highly recommend this place
1	Worst meal I had while in Vegas.  I ordered the pasta & meatballs.  The waiter told me it was a LITTLE spicy.  He was way off.   Even the pasta was spicy.  My lips were numb after a couple of bites.  I ordered coffee.  When I asked for a refill I was informed that there were no free refills & I would need to pay an additional $4.00 for another cup of coffee.  Would not recommend this eatery.
1	I wish I could rate the food, but we didn't even get a chance to try so full disclosure only rating the service. We made a reservation a day before, get to the restaurant and it was clear by the hostess' reaction they weren't expecting us. It was clear they made a makeshift table for our party...in the hallway. There were people coming and going and it felt we were in their way. My dad had politely requested a clearly open table, and was told it had already been reserved for a larger table. The table stayed open for a while, only to be filled by a party our exact same size. After seeing this my dad again, politely, requested a table that wasn't in the middle of the hallway. We were eventually told they could accommodate us, then we waited. And waited and waited some more. We ended up waiting an hour and sipped on cheap yet overpriced wine. We finally had enough and then packed our things and left when we realized not only would we not be moved to another table we were purposely not going to be served because of our table request. We left an hour after we were "seated" in the hallway. When we let the manager and hostess know we were leaving, without making any sort of scene, they threw their hands up in the air emphatically as if to insinuate our leaving was our own problem. We left, went to I heart burgers instead and had a fabulous, low key night with delightful food and wonderful service. And most importantly we actually were seated and treated like human beings. Moral of the story: overpriced food and horrible service, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE
2	This place was disappointing on many levels. Tried the only two beers they had, the first (Mario beer) tasted worst than miller lite. And the other was $21 for a pint of mediocre beer. The pizza sauce tasted like raw tomatoes. A good pizzeria should make sure the sauce is cooked properly. The desert was another thing. I ordered two types of gelato and they told me they wanted to charge me more if they serve them separately!? WTF? Oh and you can't change or alter any menu item because the great Mario wants it served a certain way. I won't be back here ever again.
1	First off I don't usually go to a 3 star restaurant but because of Mario's reputation we will give it a chance.  Asked the manager why he thought three stars were average here.  His answer was everyone is a food critic.  Four of us in the party so we were seated.  We did get prompt service.   The pizza was a 3.5 star.  The veal and beef meatballs good.  Both pasta dishes were served with way undercooked noodles which were actually crunchy. Who they have cooking I have no idea but nobody is testing.  Food was way to salty.  This restaurant wouldn't survive in most big cities.  Mario U should look a little closer at what's happening here.  I will only return if U call me Mario or E-mail.
3	We had Arancini and the octopus salad. The Arancini - waaay too cheesy, but still lacked salt! The octopus salad was good.I ordered the Pasta Norma, it was just ok. Really did not like the texture of the ricotta used in this dish.Hubby ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, he enjoyed it.Overall - too expensive for what you get. There are way too many restaurants to try for me to ever give this another chance.
4	This place was packed, but we were able to get a seat at the bar without waiting, which was cool. It was odd that it wasn't a regular bar, just people making the food, but I wasn't complaining.I started with the arugula with shaved parmigiano, and while the salad was very green and the cheese awesome, I felt it was underdressed. It was decent, though.I went with the pancetta and goat cheese pizza and it was out of control delicious. The cheese and meat were both cooked perfectly, and the pizza was so crispy that I was in heaven. I forced myself to eat every piece. My friend went with the margherita pizza and he loved it, too.The service was just okay.. we ordered drinks, then food, and our drinks came out with our meal. After we finished, nobody stopped to see us, and after 15 minutes of waiting (we were on a little compressed timeline.. not too bad, but I was itching to get to an event), I stopped a server that wasn't mine. I hate doing that, but they were nice. The prices were pretty good all things considered.However, I also have to give mention to who I believe to be the manager. I forgot to take my receipt with me for reimbursement, and when I came back, she moved mountains for me, going through all of the restaurant's receipts and making a copy. It probably took 20 minutes of her day and I appreciate it so much!
5	We have been coming here for the past 6 yrs. and have never been disappointed. I love everything about this restaurant. Made reservations for a special event, our 24th anniversary. We were treated very special from the moment we arrived. The cheese platter with the apricot preserves, truffle honey & my favorite bourbon cherries (which we always get extra.) Because of the name I've always ordered the pizza & feast away blissfully. The service is impeccable (thank you Rocco) & the environment is the next best thing to Venice even though it's not even close-but one can pretend.~Ciao Belle
2	We were seated immediately and without reservations ... weirdly, this should have been a sign. The busser was a delight ( he was warm, smiling, and even chatted with my brother about the football game) ... the server was cold and repeatedly failed to explain the menu. When we stated that we would not be having wine with our dinner that night, he seemed aggravated (it's not always an option for those who must drive later). When shown the cheese selection on the back of the menu, I inquired if these were options for a cheese course. I was told no ...  with no further explanation. (And there was zero explanation on the menu other than that it is so many dollars for one, so many for two, so many for three ... for what? A wedge? A serving? I still have no idea. The same applies to the appetizers and when I asked the server, his answer was inscrutable. We opted to skip both the cheeses and the appetizers. Obviously.)Our tables was presented with a small portion of bread ... with no oil (and no butter). Once the sampling was nearly depleted, the server asked if we wanted butter "or something." Erg.The entrees were lovely. I had the Pasta Norma ... the eggplant was delicate and well prepared (I am not usually a fan of eggplant, but this was the only vegetarian option ... and I ended up getting lucky here). However, but my boyfriend and brother ordered the steak which was covered in a mountain of Parmesan and arugula ... both moved the majority of this to the side. Kind of a waste.We would have loved to sink into dessert, but we all agreed that viewing another menu at this eatery was not an option. And, certainly, we would receive no help from our server. We would have easily invested double the amount into this meal ... but we literally could not. The service was so stressful and the menu so cryptic, we literally could not enjoy the experience. (And, the din was virtually unbearable. Be prepared for one LOUD experience.) Such a pity ...
4	After the enthusiastic recommendation of some foodie friends, we decided to try Otto Enoteca for lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  Although the restaurant seemed full, we were promptly seated at a table that afforded a view of the square (i.e. I watched a "statue" throughout our entire meal).Our waiter was enthusiastic and I must note, pronounced the Italian perfectly (although he clearly wasn't Italian).  He guided us through the menu and since we weren't that hungry (and had dinner reservations for Bouchon), we decided on an appetizer and a pasta dish to share.  We got the gnocco frito, and per the waiter's suggestion, had prosciutto wrapped around it.  HEAVENLY!  I've never had anything like it:  it was almost like a savory funnel cake with salty prosciutto and finely grated fresh parmesan.  Omg, yum yum yum.  The portion was huge too - definitely a share-able appetizer!  We then got the spaghetti and meatballs, which is my favorite dish and I'm always on the search for the best meatball ever.  Were these it?  No, but I loved the spicy-ness of the dish and the freshness of the basil really paired well with the pasta.One of my favorite things about Otto Enoteca was the wine.  Otto has an enomatic wine dispenser, which permits you to get small to large glasses of wine, based on what you like.  This means that your gamble on wine is actually quite diminished; something interesting for Vegas where gambling is so prevalent!  I took advantage of and got a small glass of the Brunello.  The bottle retailed for $220, but my small glass was just $17.50.  A coup, if you ask me, to sample a super rare vintage of one of my favorite wines.  Yay.Hubby went the amari route and the manager gave us a very personalized walk through of the numerous selections, pointing out the specific ones beloved by Mario.  So special!  The manager seriously spent about 20 minutes just with us walking through all the various types, before we settled on 4 different ones to taste and savor.  And yes, artichoke liquer is actually tasty!All in all, impeccable service, unique italian eats, and a great people-watching spot make this one a fun afternoon spot.  I would definitely go again and try the pizza, which looked amazing!  But note:  Is it the best Italian you will ever have?  Nah, so I'm not sure I'd recommend this as a prime time dinner spot (especially with the price tag), but I did really enjoy it!One weird thing worth noting:  we ordered soda water, but it wasn't until the end of the meal that I realized it was being poured from a fancy bottle instead of simply served from behind the bar.  And then the bill came:  $7/bottle.  Oooooooops.
1	The menu should point out the origin of the pizza because pizza is different in each region. My favorite is Napolitana. Mario serves a very crispy thin crust, like a cracker, that I dislike. I think it's Romana style but not sure. The crust and sauce lacked salt, very bland & $18!  I should have asked but his pizza at Eataly is Napolitana, so I assumed. Mistake. He charges $18 in Las Vegas & $14 in Manhattan.  I won't go back to Otto.
4	Stay for the Amari.  Pizza - good.  Charcuterie - good.  Cold starters - okay.  But, the amari!  Interesting, delicious and fun - and quite a bargain to boot!
5	Hands down the best customer service we have ever experienced. Every single person was knowledgable and if they didn't have the answer they found it immediately. Michael, Andrew,  and Cesar were awesome. Plus the food was amazing.
5	Thursday, January 2, 2014In my happy place!  Starting off with some prosecco.  Tried two new dishes - a pasta served with small chunks of tuna, diced tomato, and just a hint of shaved, dried fish.  Not what I expected - it was so much better!  And then there were the grilled pork sausage served with grilled grapes and a grape reduction.  This was a hit and is on our list of favorite things (along with the braised pork shoulder, ricotta fritters, cauliflower fritters, and meatballs).  Gelato was fresh and tasty, as always.  Thank you Brian, for having a surprise birthday message added.  Very nice touch!  And, thanks to Paula, we tried a few new glasses of wine.  The Bastianich Vespa Bianco is beautiful, but now has a competitor in the wine Paula recommended (sorry, can't remember the name but Paula described the coloring as slightly copper). Start off a fabulous meal with a little proseccoStart with a glass if rise prosecco - very refreshing & cleans your palateRose prosecco is a great way to start a long, relaxes meal.  Take your time!Peanut butter & Concord grape jelly gelato - sweet!Peanut butter & jelly gelato!My happy place :-)Sipping on Prosecco @ Otto - heaven!Great place to stop after work!  Stems up!
2	I went to this restaurant with high expectations and was so excited to eat here.  The food was very good, but too spicy for me. I would still eat it again.  However, the service was very poor.  It took away from my dining experience.  We went through our entire meal without a drink or water refill, even when we asked the waiters response was "I am sorry I am training someone". I noted that he went to all the other tables around me 3 and 4 times and refilled their glasses and offered assistance.  When our main course came he handed us back our forks and did not replace them. I have eaten at Wolfgang Puck's across the way many times and did not experience this.  I eat out at least 5 nights a week. I really felt like it was a social economic status issue relating to the waiters perceptions of my party.  What he did not know was that I was dining with my daughter who was paying for the meal who is a forensic psychologist.  She is a college professor and builds programs for the LAPD.  I felt like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman.  He missed out big time. I will never go back. Wolfgang will be getting all my money!Edna W.
4	I had two occassions to visit Otto recently. The first was a 5-star lunch that exceeded our expectations.  Two of us shared appetizer portions of brussel sprouts and gnocci fritters.  The sprouts were absolutely delicious, and were quickly consumed.  The gnocci fritters were frankly weird, and reminded us of ballpark fare.  After the appetizers, we had two salads.  My wife had a mixed green salad with balsamic vinegar and prosciotto.  I had the octopus salad with celery and potatoes.  Both were excellent.  On a later occassion, and needing a quick meal, we revisited Otto for lunch.  This time, it was only a 3.5 star experience.  Service was adequate, and the food was fine, but lacked flavor.  We each had a salad (good) and shared a clam pizza.  I am a fan of seafood pizzas because they provide so much flavor... not this one.  It was undercooked and bland, regrettably.Overall, this is probably a 4-star restaurant.  I hope that your experience more resembles my first time rather than my second time.
2	Great service. However food is Soso.
3	I got the sunchokes pesto penne. It was good, but didn't quite blow me away. I liked that the pesto was a really light walnut, celery pesto, so it wasn't overly creamy and filling. I normally absolutely love sunchokes, but these were just chunks of roasted sunchokes. They were also a bit too tough to go with the pasta. I would have liked them to be roasted a bit more, to the point where they're really creamy and almost "melty". I though that would have complimented the pasta in terms of texture a bit better. It was odd to have to stop, cut the sunchoke (with some difficulty), and then continue eating. Roast it a bit longer, and then it will probably just seamlessly meld in with the rest of the dish - and be a bit easier to cut through!
3	I was pretty skeptical about the menu at first, since all the item descriptions were pretty plain. Everything turned out to be really flavorful and delicious, though!The truffle pizza is really potato-y with just the right amount of truffle that didn't overpower all the flavor. We also had the braised pork shoulder which was really tender and well-seasoned. The cucumber on top was a really nice contrast in texture and gave it a refreshing bite. Being serenaded by the live music on the canal was nice, despite the loud gaggles of Asian tourists snapping photos with their iPads. This was almost a 4-star review, but I am docking a star for the following reason:The bill came out while my boyfriend was in the bathroom, so I put my card in and paid. When the check came back out for us to sign, the manager / host (he was checking people in but was also checking on the tables, so I assume he was some kind of manager) handed it to my boyfriend and said, "Thank you, Stephen." It may have been an innocent mistake, but it definitely came off as misogyny. It's the 21st century - women are allowed to pick up the tab once in a while. Poor form!
4	This is like having lunch outside in Italy.  Probably because you are in the Venetian and they have various minstrels roaming about.  The hottie made reservations for thus place because she wanted to try the appetizers.  We started with the frittes and it did not disappoint.  My favorite was the arancini.  Kind of a cheesy saffron rice ball fried up.  The hottie loved the cauliflower fritters.  There was also a wild mushroom bruschetta that was excellent.  For entree I got together pork shoulder.  Kinda like pulled pork but not yet pulled apart.  The hottie got the veal and ricotta meatballs.  Good but be warned this is meatball only with no pasta.  The waiters disappeared too often but all the food was good.  A perfect lunch spot.
4	Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich have their mitts all over the Venetian and Palazzo with a handful of restaurants. This one is at the mid-level price range so if you want to scratch that Italian food itch, this is a solid moderately priced option. Rather than being set in a dark restaurant the 'outdoor seating' vibe makes you feel like you're in an outdoor Italian sidewalk cafe. That makes it casual and relaxed, including occasional performances on the town square under the faux Venetian 'sky'.The menu offers a decent range of unpretentious simple Italian dishes and a robust wine list. The prices are pretty reasonable for the most part for the quality of food. I say relatively because much of Vegas fine dining is overpriced, including Mario Batali's restaurants. It's not the food prices that are the problem, it's the drinks and wine that are jacked up to the top end of the scale. Overall, you can count on a delicious meal here with decent service featuring all the things we love about true Italian fare. That's why we come every time in Vegas. It usually works out to $50-$70 a person all-in. Cheers!
2	Buyer beware. I chose this place in a hurry glancing at their 4star overall review. Entrees were mediocre. Salads were good. Sides were hit or miss. Extensive wine list with a pretentious sommalier.Hot food was room temp.Overall, disappointing. Would never return to the vegas location.
5	Went on MLK day. No crowds. I have been here on weekends - crazy waiting. I like the food because it is tasty and does not leave you feeling awfully full. Service is good. Ask for the sommelier if you need help pairing a wine with your food. Lamb chops are awesome. I had them medium.
1	I have been in search of 3 things in this town. 1. Good Service 2. Better tasting food then my friends or I can cook at home. 3. And a final bill that is in line with the entire experience.The ServiceWe decided to eat at the busiest time in the evening so much of the issues with the service were understandable. In fact we were there right after a large convention let out on Tuesday. The hostess was very nice and was able to seat us at the bar which ended up saving us from a long wait. Once at the bar we received our water and menus. Later the bread and oil made its way to the table/bar. Our waiter was as attentive as he could be seeing that the place was crazy busy. The FoodWe had a salad, rice balls, and the pork raviolis, and of course bread and oil. The salad was so simple it didn't inspire me to want to finish it. The rice balls were just tasteless. And the raviolis had a processed taste to them which wasn't too bad but I could definitely make better ones at home. Bottom line...if you have to eat here just get the bread and oil with a nice over priced glass of wine.The ExperienceUnfortunately poor Otto's gets a one star because the food just didn't pass the "Can I make this better at home test" plus the price was not in line with the taste. The portions were all out of line with what a normal human consumes at dinner which made us search for a hefty desert after we left. Thank god the Venetian has tons of places to get a tasty desert. I mean it's amazing what a tasty treat can do to make you forget about an tastless dinner. Here is a tip for the management!The view of all the goings on in the court yard at the Venetian is priceless. And the fact that the huge Sands convention center brings in countless hungry visitors in the evening who will eventually fly back to their home towns, makes your place unique. In other words you have a captive audience. So you really don't have to change a thing. Many of your customers are expensing  their meals and could careless what the food taste like. Perhaps it would be a wise idea to raise your prices and ship in food from Fazolis. The food would taste better for sure and the profits would sky rocket.
3	We were excited to try Mario Batali's restaurant. It has a nice atmosphere. We were greeted warmly and felt  welcomed right away. From our table, we could see the performers in the court and enjoyed the music. It was just lovely. Our service was great. Those are the highlights. The food was a let down. We ordered a pizza and lasagna. My bf and I shared the dishes. I ordered a glass of wine. Our pizza was small, could have been an appetizer. It had a nice crisp crust, but it wasn't special. It was fine. Maybe I was looking for wonderful. I've had margarita (I know I'm spelling it wrong) pizza before that was so special in it's simplicity, because it was handmade and oven-fired, with flavors and textures that made your brain light up, but this pizza was just okay and not worth the $20 you end up spending on it. The lasagna was good, solid. Still, not amazing.  When we got our bill, $71total, it hurt a little bit to spend that kind of money on this meal, even with the great atmosphere and service. I hear Mario's food is generally good. I might give one of his other restaurants a try, but I will not be back to this one again.
5	If you're looking for good pizza (tried the Quattro Formaggi; taleggio, cacio, ricotta, mozzarella) and (Italian) beer on the strip, this place won't disappoint. With great service and great food, I'll definitely return.
1	I really wanted a good pizza on my last night in Vegas, but sadly was disappointed at Enoteca Otto pizzeria. Should have known better than to expect authentic pizza in a major tourist area!  Oh, well!I had the prosciutto/arugula pizza and my hubby had the pancetta/goat cheese. The pizza crust was thin but not flavorful and the sauce was too tangy for my taste.   I'm Italian-American and have been to Italy several times and this pizza is not what Italians consider acceptable!Oh, by the way-I ordered Prosecco and was served in a wine glass-not a flute. Picky, I know-but they are not shy about charging top dollar for inauthentic experience!
3	If you like rustic italian than this is for you! We were seated in the wine room in which you were surrounded by wine, very nice. The server was good nothing special to note. They gave us our drinks and a 2 packages of bread sticks laid on the table. No olive oil, no butter, no bread basket etc. Okay fine, i'm not here for bread sticks bring on the pizza! I savored the buffalo mozzarella plate it was so small it seemed to tease more than anything else. The pizza was typical wood oven thin crust pizza. Overall it was good but I am spoiled by having great pizza in Providence, RI.
4	Sat at the bar. Delicious margharita pizza and a generous prosecco pour--I really enjoyed it! Looking forward to trying the salad my bar mates were enjoying as well as the cocktails and extensive wine list.I had to edit my review to add that the gelato is delicious!
4	I like the original in NYC a little better, but a B&B dining experience rarely fails to deliver. Our server was super nice, attentive and understanding that our group of 4 guys was on the 1st night of our 48 hour trip to Vegas ... party time. I did really like sitting "outside" on their "terrace," it was a very cool and different experience.  Plus there was so much other noise and activity out there it didn't really matter how loud our group was.
5	Loved this place! The food was light and fresh, and the service was quick. I've been here a few times, and I've enjoyed the pizza, the salad, and the pasta. This is a great place for a reasonably priced and delicious meal in Vegas. Go for the Margherita D.O.C. Pizza and  the Rigatoni with Ragu Napolitana!The location is fun, too, with tons of people watching, and quasi-al-fresco dining with no threat of rain or cold. Service has always been friendly and efficient. Definitely a low-stress go-to option in the Venetian.
5	Delicious pizza and merlot.  Went here a few years ago and it's one of the reasons I would go back to Vegas.  This and Firefly's tapas.  Yum!
4	I like the one in NYC a little better, but this one is also very good! I love the simple Italian food that they do and the ambiance is so different from the one in NYC. The restaurant has an "outside" sitting area which feels like a balcony or terrace and gives you the feeling that you are sitting outside in a piazza somewhere in Rome. The area is lively and filled with activity with people performing in the area just right outside the restaurant. Absolutely loved the atmosphere here!The food is delicious with the pastas being my favorite as they are simple yet full of flavor. My mom had the truffle pizza and she loved the thin crispy crust! Service was wonderful with our waiter attentive and ready to get us whatever we needed.All in all a great experience, if you're looking for a nice lively lunch spot or just want a nice relaxing meal from the hectic pace of Vegas then come to Otto :) (and don't forget to check the one out in NYC)
5	This is a little charming place to stop for a bite or lunch. Every time we come to Vegas we find our selfs relaxing with a great glass of wine from the amazing list and splitting a taste of food. The best tip is to come on a Saturday the veal lasagna tastes just like my Nonny would make with paper thin noodles, just a wonderful plate of comfort
3	The food was good but not outstanding.  We had the beef tagliatelle.  It was flavorful but I thought the meat was a little tough. I love arugula but there was so much filling the plate that it became boring.   The salad and spaghetti and meatballs were fine. The wine was a bit overpriced but tasty and a pretty good pour. The atmosphere was lively but not exactly comfortable.   I guess I have been comparing all restaurants to my favorite in london...good food a little pricey but I always leave wanting to lick the plate and the atmosphere there is just the right mix of comfy and cool that I am almost more happy to go by myself...I want that experience all the time!!!... The service at otto was  good just a tiny bit off from excellent. Thank you rocco!
5	Came here with hubby on our first night in Vegas! I was so excited to find out it was one of Mario Batali's restaurants. Hubby loved that they had maudite beer to drink, but he didn't love his spaghetti and meatballs all that much. I LOVED my pizza! I believe I had arugula, potatoes and truffle oil on a white pizza. It was so delicious, so saltly, so truffly! I almost ate the whole thing but couldn't finish it. The atmosphere is incredible. This restaurant is inside of the Venetian hotel. It's located in a food court by the grand canal shoppes and it's set up to look like you are strolling through a square in Venice. Definitely a great place to eat on the strip, slightly pricey but worth it IMO!
1	Pasta was terrible, pizza was horrible. This is a place that uses tourists ignorance and charges an arm and leg.  Stay away.
2	The food was good. Authentic; I'll give it that. The service was okay. Overly attentive at times followed by no attention at all for 15 to 20 minutes at a time. Prices were good considering that you're in the Venetian at a celebrity chef's venue. Legitimate wine selection. In short, your stomach will likely be satisfied and your wallet will likely not be empty. However, I cannot overlook a very racist remark Mario Batali made not long ago. It will not stand I'm sure folks will chime in with contrary opinions. Feel free but just like Mr. Chik-Fil-A who chose to use his position and power to spew messages of hate, Mr. Batali has to face the consequences of revealing private opinion in a public setting. In this case that consequence is not terribly significant; I will simply never be a patron. Had I not been invited by my boss I would never have stepped foot in any of his establishments.
5	Sat at the "bar" watching the artistry of the chefs slicing cold meats and creating salads, ate the cold meats and a pizza (prosciutto and arugula) that's rocket in reality ... Could have stayed and ate all night ... However the need for a nap called us away
5	Otto is my favorite place for pizza in Vegas.  Served traditional style,  the Margherita is highly recommended for a healthy choice.  Nice relaxed ambience at the classy Venetian mall,  you may be lucky and catch a live puppet show during dinner in the courtyard seating area.
3	Come here for the appetizers and bread, especially the fried Brussels sprouts(get this), skip the pizza and the desserts(gelato wasnt great plus all the desserts were really a big glass of gelato with a mini slice of cake or whatever was advertised)
1	OMG! If you have kids steer clear. No children's menu and they don't care... They make you feel like a big bother!
2	I like most of his New York restaurants but this place is some big disappointment!We were visiting Joshua Tree and flew out of LV.Had dinner here .  Over priced mediocre at best.  We thought "oh Batali it must be good..."  Wrong!  Pizza crust was not brick oven.  Tasted like pre-made and frozen.   Really no joke!  Over priced wines etc...Appetizer of raddcichio  and cheese tasteless with a lot of of just he bitterness you get from that vegetable.  Can not say more because the rest  of the food was not at all memorable.I hate to leave a bad review but we were in town for one night and this place disappointed big.Very nice waitress though...very very nice.  We tipped her well because of who she was not because of the food.Mario-stop worrying about your  "Chew"  and public image and start worrying about the quality of your food in your restaurants again!
2	I'm old and still occasionally do things "old school."  In this case, I asked somebody at the Venetian to recommend a place to eat.  They said the pizza at Otto was great.  They were wrong.So, in a nutshell, the service was bad, the food was bad, and on the flip side, it was expensive.  By bad food I mean tasteless and overcooked.  My sausage and pepper pizza was a thin, tired looking, dark red sheet of cardboard.  The best part were the crushed red peppers the waiter eventually brought because they had both a nice kick and a nice flavor to them.  You don't have the excuse I did.  You have already shown you are smart by using Yelp and if you still got to this place and are disappointed, you'll have nobody to blame but yourself.
4	This is one of my family's favorite restaurants in Vegas!  I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here. The food is always satisfying without being too trendy or showy. I may be in the minority, but I'd eat at Otto over Bouchon any day. Otto is pretty packed all the time and the servers area always running around, but they are knowledgeable of the menu, what ingredients are in the dishes and if you ask, they will recommend wines to pair with entrees. I like that they don't try to upsell you on items.  Some stand out dishes are the seafood diavola, osso bucco and the margherita pizza. A nice touch is the special pastas and bruchettas they serve daily and those are listed on the back of the main menu.   On Sunday, they had a ricotta bruchetta with pesto and almonds.  I had never had the combination before and it was a wonderful starter.  The pesto was super garlicky which I love and with the housemade ricotta the flavors were strong and balanced.  Desserts here are amazing. Try them all!  I liked the strawberry shortcake best.  Though a year ago, they had a fig or date shake that no one liked but me. LOL.  It is also nice that there is tons of people watching to be done from the outdoor area.  Great food and entertainment, too. Win-win!
2	Decided to drop by & grab a pie (pizza). I love Joe Bastianich, but haven't tried his restaurants so when in vegas why not? This is a restaurant partnership w/ him & Mario Batali so I thought the food would be great, but was disappointed. We got the Proscuitto Arugula pizza as recommended by the waitress. I LOVE proscuitto and the ingredients for the pizza sounded simple yet delicious especially w/ fresh mozarella.Took about 20 mins for the pizza. I liked the crust, it was thin and crispy. The ratio of ingredients to sauce was on spot. However, I felt the pizza was way too oily. Proscuitto was drenched in oil and very salty. The arugula was good and didn't have that bitterness to it. There also weren't too much mozzarella :( Overall I don't think I'd come here again to pay $20 for the exact same pizza I could get at pieology. Well you can't get proscuitto at pieology, but the crust and everything else tasted the same.
2	During my latest trip to Vegas, I visited Otto for lunch. Let me start with the service. It was very patchy. We asked if they make any changes to the menu and the waitress told a rude no. We understand that, but could have been said politely. We asked for bread three times before we got it. Then had to ask for dip/butter. As for the food, it was very mediocrity. Not what I expected from something carrying Mario Batalli's name. Wolfgang puck is a lot better (see separate review from an earlier vacation).
4	Went last night for a family dinner. We had a party of 7 including my two small children. Our server Edith and the rest of the staff were difference makers. Edith made fantastic recommendations and took excellent care of my children. The food was amazing too. Appetizers included an array of meats and cheeses as well as some fried options. The entrees were limited in selection but prepared and plated expertly. The wine lost was extensive, and the Toscana we had was perfect. Desserts were rich and tasty. Overall a great experience. Expensive in cost but rich in experience. If you go, see if you can request Edith's section. She's a great guide.
5	A nice, quiet place for a glass of wine and a late lunch. The staff are really attentive and helpful, very knowledgable about the food and wine.
1	This place is terrible. Bad service, our waiter went MIA several times during our 2 hour dinner on Friday night.  Our food was cold, the past was way undercooked.  The pizza  was also cold, very skimpy on toppings, no sauce. Tasted like a dry cracker.  Nobody in our party of 6 liked this place.
5	Everytime I come here, its never a disappointment. Always delicious food and very fresh. Food items always change seasonally. Try their seasonal food items! :D the appetizer eggplants are amazinggggg.
5	Being a fan of both Joe Bastinach and Mario Batali, the bar was set high when deciding to dine here. I am very happy to say it met my expectations in every way, from service, to food, and even price! My other half and I came here on a random date night. Even though the restaurant wasn't easy to get to, I love the location. It's fancy, but still semi casual with people in jeans at the bar. Also a great place to people watch as its an indoor patio inside the Venetian's canal shops. Our server was so on point. Literally the second the hostess seated us, she was behind her offering wine and water. We asked about appetizers and I told her the type of cheese and meat I usually like and she came back with the perfect platter. The truffle honey to pair with the cheese is to die for. I could eat that on anything, and continued to dip my bread, cheese, meat, and even Brussel sprouts in there. With the wine, cheese, and brussels so good, I was waiting for something to be wrong!Nope, did not happen. Our entrees were served and they were Italian perfection! Fresh al dente pasta, with ingredients that matched perfectly. The pasta servings were actually decent sizes, not huge where its unfinishable. Even the herbs used made a noted flavor to the dish. I felt like Mario Batali himself was back there critiquing and Mr. Bastinach was across from me judging the plate. I will make a point to come back here and try the pizza and other pasta dishes. Amazing in every sense of the word.
5	Otto is  one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas for the quality of the food, price and service. Yes, it is not Babbo (my favourite MB and JB restaurant) but you don't have to call a month in advance for over an hour hoping to get a reservation, and it is a completely different experience. The appetizers and pizza are amazing, the pasta is superb and the desserts are to die for. Mi favourite pasta is the signature MB salty pasta and the strawberry shortcake is one of my favorite desserts ever! I highly recommend it.
3	don't get me wrong, i liked this place just fine. i would give 3.5 stars if possible.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE CAPRESE. it's a different take than other caprese salads i've had in the past; this one is mini heirloom tomatoes (cherry tomato size) with pesto on top and THE BEST MOZARELLA I'VE HAD IN MY LIFE. it was so creamy, so light and fluffy with a texture that i've never encountered before. sort of...bouncy and squishy like mochi almost. it was so good!other things we ordered:anchovy pizza and sausage pizza: both yum. if you like the thin pizza style, you'll like these. very hearty!carbonara pasta: ? was this really a carbonara? it wasn't very creamy and the black pepper killed any other subtle tastes there may have been. i'm used to japanese style carbonara so maybe it's different? but i didn't taste that creamy, egg-y flavor that is absolutely necessary in a carbonara.minus one star for being overpriced, and minus another half for just so-so pizza and pasta. minus another half for their bread selection not being so exciting. i love italian places with delicious, soft warm breads to eat before your meal.dat mozarella doe.
5	Food is amazing! Everything we ordered was  excellent. The waiters are nice and highly professional. A tip for Europeans: best selection of Italian wines I've ever found in US.
4	I remember eating here a few years ago and I think I missed the whole point of this restaurant.  I had something very heavy with a glass of red wine and it was not just heavy, it sat in my stomach like lead.On this visit, however, I wised up a bit and made my own lunch by selecting from their light bites menu.  I highly recommend this option, especially for lunch.  I had my salad fix by ordering arugula and nectarines and zucchini with parmesan on top.  Very yummy.  I got my meat fix by ordering the bresaola carved to order.  Yum.  And I ordered one of their vegetable pots.  These pots are served cold and there are several to choose from.  The service is impeccable and the staff really seems to enjoy their work.  There was a lot of smiling and laughing and joking without anything raucous going on.  I had two glasses of white wine and left feeling as if this was my favorite dining experience in Las Vegas in quite a while.  And that is weird because I have been to many celebrity chef restaurants in Vegas.  I was shocked and impressed by how simple the dishes were but how much care had been put into them.  Maybe that's why I was impressed, this restaurant was NOT like most of Vegas.
2	I love Mario and was so looking forward to this meal  but left  sadly dissatisfied.  On the positive side our service was very good and the server was very helpful with his personal suggestions and honest opinions. The food came out quick and was very hot. On the down side the food is pricey for what you get. I had the special shrimp pizza for $20 and while good it was not "that" good. The special melon salad with prosciutto was a major disappointment. The melon was very unripe and was hard. There was way too much mint on the salad which overpowered the bland melon also the tiny sliver of prosciutto  did not justify the $14 price tag. The assortment of fritti we tried were a  mixed bag with the cauliflower being excellent but the squash blossoms squirted out their hot filling right onto my wife making quite a mess. The server said that happens some times.... Maybe a warning would be appropriate. We did like the gelato sundae dessert as it was rich and creamy and not over sweet. I wanted to love this place but the $100 price tag was just not justified.I will continue to wear my orange Mario crocs with pride
3	I'm giving it three because I eat here all the time. It has always been good all around.I don't know what happened but we had probably one of the worst experiences ever.It was all due to HORRENDOUS service. I've been in the restaurant industry for 20 years, so I tend to be pretty empathetic with servers and kitchen problems, etc.We split the cauliflower, a pizza and the Fra Diavlo. All were good, however, when we wanted to order dessert, we had to flag down a manager, after 30 minutes.. Our server never checked back on us. I noticed she was busy with a large group, but acknowledgement would have been nice.We ordered our Americanos from the manager and when she came by to take our dessert order, she was rude and probably assumed we were going to stiff her.She was wrong, we left her 20% just to prove our point and make her feel stupid.After years of eating here, its really questionable if I would go back. We were there for nearly two hours, wasting time with her lousy attitude.
3	We sat down in this restaurant because of the nice view to the Venetian plaza. The food is really mediocre, though. The service was okay. There are way better options if you're looking for Italian food in Vegas.
1	Just say "no"! I am so disappointed in the restaurant and the chef especially. I have life threatening nut and dairy allergies. I simply asked the waiter to sub out a cow milk based cheese for a goat milk based cheese as I am allergic to cows milk. Waiter said he needed to ask the chef. Ummm if I am paying $14 for just tiny plate of argula with a tiny bit of parm cheese, what is the issue. Plus, I also have an allergy to said cheese. Waiter comes back and says " the chef will NOT do it as it compromises the texture of the salad." Wait what?? Seriously are you kidding me? Someone has an ego. It is a plate of greens with cheese, bottom line.So we order a "caprise" salad. Again, advised of nut and dairy allergy..Guess what it comes out with on it, yes that is correct, nuts. I have been dealing with food allergies for a LONG time and hands down, not only is this establishment down right dangerous for those of us who do have a life threatening allergy, the chef's ego clearly trumps customer safety. So sad.
3	First, I personally would not go to a place with a price tag like this to eat pizza. The pizza itself looked like... pizza. Not bad, not good, not mindblowing. Just pizza, and I'm even eating pizza while writing this. (It's really delicious, by the way.)I HIGHLY suggest getting the octopus salad. I detest celery, but how on earth do you blend octopus, potato, and celery to make the best salad ever? I would go back to eat this. The small portion is plenty for two people.I got the calamari pasta with squid ink pasta and a pesto. It was super salty and heavy-handed as can be with the garlic. You couldn't really taste anything besides the garlic. In theory it sounded delicious on the menu, but I wouldn't recommend it. It was really oily, and the pasta was more raw than al dente.Service is hit-or-miss. When the crowd was thinner, service was spot on and great. When things got busy, I ended up waiting on my check way after the folks at the table next to us cleared out, even though they got there after me. Very few times do I find myself getting irate with how long I have to wait for my check, but this was one of those instances.Not sure if I would recommend going back again. If you have kids though, this is probably a quick, affordable down-and-dirty that could fill everyone's belly, but expectation management is important.
5	I loved everything about this place.  The food and service was great! When I received the bill I was happy also.  It was fairly priced!  YES, ..I recommend this place!
1	Extremely disappointing. Waiter was the worst I have had in a long time. Appetizers were missing ingredients. Pizza was okay but did not meet expectations. Seriously, Sbarro's would have been a better choice. Not worth the $100 meal.
2	Very mediocre and just cashing in on Mario's name.  The pasta with mussels dish (which the moron server called clams) had mussels that never should have been served to anybody.  The "served" a couple slices of bread with no butter or olive oil and were indifferent to any requests.  Nice location, but that's about all.
1	What an unbelievable disappointment. The highlight of the meal was getting out of the terribly uncomfortable chairs as we left.We had reservations through the hotel concierge but still had to wait for our table. When we were seated, we made the apparently unforgivable decision not to order alcohol and were promptly ignored by the waitstaff. It's been a long time since I've had such a grumpy waiter.  Imagine my surprise when the waiter dropped off a plastic package of "cracker-like" breadsticks. At the time I was surprised, but more was to come. We ordered a set of appetizers, a pizza, and a salad for the two of us, earning an impressive sigh and eye roll from the waiter who returned with a small plate of actual bread (from costco I think) with some oil and vinegar.Now, most Italian places take pride in their olive oil and vinegar, and with the chef Mario connection my expectations were high. But this oil might as well have been canola, and the vinegar was merely caramel colored and bland.After my water glass had been dry for about ten minutes someone showed up and dropped our appetizers on the table. The mozzarella was burned and the squash blossom was a grease bomb going off in my mouth. Both lacked any real flavor.  The caprese salad was a decent preparation, but the tomatoes were not very flavorful and the pesto had an unfortunate amount of mint.The pizza arrived after another ten minutes. And was the wrong pizza. The girl who brought it offered to let us keep it, but was going to add it to our bill if we did. We really wanted the pizza we ordered, and when we said so she took the other pizza away in a huff.20 minutes later, our ordered truffle pizza arrived. It looked pretty good, smelled good, and we were excited that this might be turning around finally. Alas, I could barely get down one bite. My wife managed two. The pizza was bitter, the truffles were burned and flavorless, and the whole thing was drenched in the same flavorless oil that they served with the bread. The high point of the meal turned out to be the prepackaged cracker sticks that arrived first. If course, the waiter wouldn't do anything about our 9/10ths uneaten meal, so for $70 we got to come back to our hotel room and snack from the minibar. Yuck.
5	Like all of the Bastianich & Batali places, this one did not disappoint.  I had the best Margherita Pizza I've ever had.  It was full of sauce and incredible.  My sister had the Squash Ravioli, and she loved it (and it looked great).  And my Dad had the Spaghetti and Meatballs.  I had one of the meatballs, and it was incredible.  They put a little cayenne pepper in them, so they have a nice kick.  The wine list was one of  the best.  And save room for dessert.  I had a trio of gelato... Dark Chocolate, Salted Caramel & Pistachio (it was heavenly).  My Dad Dark Chocolate, Vanilla, and Cherry Sorbetti.  And my sister had a deconstructed Nectarine Cheesecake.  We all left very satisfied and happy.  The service was good, quick, and friendly.  Outstanding!
2	Awww. Was so good when I was here before. Went for nice dinner. Was disappointed. Best things were the entrees. Got the pork shoulder. Good. All friti and vegetable things that were so good before but lost it now. Sugar settled in the wine. Bottle shouldn't have been served. Would recommend skipping.
4	Service was excellent!  The location was nice - almost like dining outdoor but indoor.We had 5 people and did the 3 Cheese for $15 as a starter.  It came with honey, jam, bread, etc.  It was a great starter for sharing!  Instead of picking the cheeses, we asked the server to do so, and he did an excellent job.  Loved the Brigante cheese the best!I split the Pepperoni Pizza and the Spaghetti & Meatballs.  Both were pretty excellent.  My friend slightly liked the spaghetti better, and I slightly liked the pizza better.  The pasta wasn't a huge portion, but it just right.Glad we tried it.
5	The B & B Boys rock the Las Vegas Strip with their new trio of restaurants.  However, I do have a soft spot in my heart for this little gem in the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes.  I had the potato, garlic pizza and much to my surprise loved it.  When you visit Otto everyone is Italian.  The pasta, cured meats, pork shoulder, and other small plaates are the way to go here.  The black ink spaghetti with calamari was a masterpiece.  I also had a refreshing lemon meringue desert.  If you want a top notch meal, and have Italian wannabee blood Otto is the place to be seen!  The B&B Boys!!! Las Vegas!
5	Wow the pasta is really good at this place. The Rigatoni or Spaghetti a la Napolitana was al dente and really good. Also the pizza with panceta and goat cheese was very flavorful. Best of all is the service, A+++ service!
5	It is a very, very rare occasion that I visit a restaurant that cooks their pasta al dente. The moment that fork touched my mouth with my spaghetti and meatballs, I knew the pasta deserved a resounding 5. It's excellent. Eat it. Enough said.The bread/oil and vinegar are the only other thing I ate at this restaurant and they were also especially excellent. The rest of my party enjoyed black spaghettini and grilled chicken served over eggplant. The pasta dishes weren't too generous, but enough to make us full while the chicken dish was definitely enough for 2 people to share. No complaints on either of those. Both delicious.The hostess up front was unfortunately annoying and our waitress was sub-par at best. The service isn't anything to write home about, but this place is definitely worth a try if you're looking to give yourself a belly full of al dente carbs!Also... Look up. The painted clouds are fabulous and as long as you aren't hungover, the performances done in the square are even fun, enjoyable and entertaining.
4	Incredible food. I ate here late after the show and had the BEST best pasta dish EVER: the taste of the stewed lamb in the brand new menu item of lamb ragu was out of this world.  The lamb was served with tightly rolled cavatelli pasta shapes that were chewy like a dumpling. The Italian soda was also fantastic. Zillions of wines are available if you want. The atmosphere can't be beat, sitting in St Marks Square in the heart of the Canal Shops experience at The Venetian!
4	Wonderful service and world class atmosphere (inside one of the Venetian hotel's courtyards). Delicious and flavorful wines and a terrific list of salads.
5	We've been here twice now, and would highly recommend. Great food. Had the black spaghettini wit calamari & hubs had sausage and pepper pizza - very reminiscent of the real stuff from Florence. Good prices and excellent ambiance.
4	This is a review for the margherita DOC pizza. 4.5 stars.  Nostalgic for the bufala mozzarella we had on a margherita pizza in Florence, Italy, we decided to try the margherita DOC (it's a measure of Italian authenticity) at Otto.  We were not disappointed.   If you have not had water buffalo mozzarella (bufala), it's much more buttery (higher fat content) than american mozzarella--a different animal altogether (no pun intended).   The crust, because it's DOC, was also magnificent-- thin, crispy to the last bite, and you could taste the wood fire in it.  Just wonderful.  Incidentally, we also had the arancini and fried cauliflower (yummo).  Both were good.  Had two different glasses of red wine--both very nice.  The service was attentive.  Overall a very nice visit.
5	Wow the pasta is really good at this place. The Rigatoni or Spaghetti a la Napolitana was al dente and really good. Also the pizza with panceta and goat cheese was very flavorful. Pair the food with a couple of Italian ambers. Best of all is the service, A+++ service!
4	Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich don't disappoint :) Stopped by for a quick early dinner after the show at Sands Convention Center and enjoyed the food, didn't have too much time to take in the experience. Wish we did... the appetizers and the wine list were so tempting! served on the wooden board... there is also a giant almost "monument to ham" in the middle of the bar - a display with their cured meats that they thinly slice, beautifully arrange on wooden boards, add a little bit of nuts, cheeses... did I really have to make it to my plane?  Well, wasn't my first time at the spot (and won't be last either, I guess) but this time either I was paying more attention, or the food was much better. We each had a salad, one of the vegetables and a pizza to share. Grilled Radicchio with smoked mozzarella was super flavorful and absolutely delicious - dressed with good aged balsamic.  The arugula salad with parmesan cheese was also pretty good. And, of course, the classic - Margherita 'D.O.C.'. Now, may be I am being picky, but... wish there was always water in my glass and bread on the table... just sayin', good service would be nice, especially since they weren't too busy yet :)
2	The best thing about this restaurant is the wine list.  The pizza comes in second. The rest of my party agreed that the pasta was deficient.
4	I had dinner here and enjoyed some of their simple but scrumptious menu. Started off with the mushroom bruschetta- the mushrooms were tasty even if the bread was slightly on the too crunchy side. It was topped by a light cheese (I'm sorry I don't know exactly what kind cheese it was but it tasted like provolone) and some chives to cut the richness of the dish. For my main, I ordered the chicken paillard. The dish had many layers, starting with a slice of fried eggplant for crunch and bitterness. On it, they spread ricotta to add a creamy texture to the dish. They then added a layer of tomatoes followed by two layers of grilled chicken. The charred edges of the chicken added the perfect amount of smokiness to offset the ricotta. For a little bite and a little acid, they placed arugula that was dressed in a vinaigrette.  A little olive oil finished the dish.  It's a beautiful dish and worth a try. For dessert, I had a pumpkin cheesecake. It's an interesting dish, composed of both crispy pumpkin chips (tastes similar to sweet potato chips) and thicker slices either boiled or grilled. Underneath was mascarpone (the cheese in the "cheesecake") nuts and graham cracker to mimic the flavours of a cheesecake. It was an interesting dessert but definitely not a sweet finish. If you want something sweet, then go for something else, like the gelato that they make in-house. The only not so nice thing is the lighting - it's a bit too dark for my taste. Tip: Daily specials are great - check the back of the menu. Tip: If you're the designated driver of the night, ask about their sodas; they also make them fresh in-house.
4	Tried this play a while back, and it was really amazing! I love the locAtion of this restaurant and the food. I remember having an eggplant dish and it was cooked to perfection. I really want to try this place again
5	Been here multiple times... I'm a big Fan of Batali restaurants .. Luv them all! From Babbo in New York to Osteria Mozza in LA, B&B in Vegas .....Enjoyable always! And worth the money!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place.  When my Dad and Sister came back to town, we ended up going back there, because they loved it the first time we went there.  And once again, it not only didn't disappoint, it was better than the first time.  Carnevino used to be my favorite of Batali and Bastianich, but I am leaning toward this place now.  The food was incredible once again, but the service is WAY over the top!  It starts with the Manager Matthew, who was incredibly hospitable.  Then there was our server Ginger, who was wonderful.  However Danielle, the Sommelier was beyond great.  She brought us some free after dinner drinks to try after our meal and with dessert.  When someone asks where to go in Las Vegas, this is definitely a place that I will recommend over and over again.  Well done!
2	We had the pizza for lunch here and i even struggled to give this place two stars. I have not been to a Mario Bartoli restaurant that I have really liked ever.The pizza was below average, way too much sauce and not enough cheese, but more importantly it just did not taste very good.
4	We had a leisurely late afternoon lunch here after a day of shopping and it was just perfect.  Fun location in the fake St. Mark's Square at the Venetian.  The food is really yummy -- we had the black spaghettini with calamari, charcuterie & cheese pates, and these awesome vegetable sides that were perfectly cooked (parsnips, eggplant, and beets).  Service is friendly, helpful, and attentive. Mario Batali does not disappoint!
2	Mario Batali - Joe Bastianich - I expected more from you guys...in fact, I chose Otto based on Mario's name (sorry Joe - not a fan).  That said - here's my review of your Otto Enoteca:We started with the Gnocco Frito,  Eggplant Caponata, and Grilled Radiccio salad with smoked mozzarella.  The apps were okay - certainly not bad - but nothing special.  (also some drinks and wine which were just fine)Then we had two pizzas.  The Margarita DOC pizza and the Pancetta/Goat cheese pizza.  The Margarita DOC was truly disgusting.  The thin crust was tasteless and soggy.  The tomato sauce was as if someone had taken campbell's cream of tomato and slapped in on cardboard.  Then there was a dab of mozzarella.  Overall a tasteless, soggy, bizarre tasting mess.  C'mon Mario - please don't tell me you actually think this is good?   The other pancetta/goat cheese pizza had a little more flavor but still mediocre at best.  (btw: note to restaurant - those breadstick packets you put on the table are old/expired/have a funky chemical aftertaste).The setting in St. Mark's square "a la Venice" is charming and romantic.  Really a lovely setting - and reminds me of my trip there many years ago.  The service iseager, but weirdly clumsy - like they  are trying too hard to let you know that this is a serious dining experience - overly explaining every little thing - and educating you on every ingredient if you ask a question about the menu - which is nice but just too much.  They also push certain dishes or desserts - but they go on forever when you really just want to cut them off and let them know you hate Pumpkin so no need to do five minutes on the" deconstructed pumpkin cheesecake in a jar".  Just sayin....   Somehow - we spent close to $200 on this meal - a lot given what it was.I had read the mixed reviews on yelp - including one that mentioned the Campbell's tomato soup tasting pizza - but I figured they were probably just being bitchy - and the location worked for us as we were going to see a show at the Venetian.  But the mixed reviews are accurate - and we will not be returning to Otto anytime soon.  Mario - still a fan - Joe, still not a fan.
2	An impulse stop that we should have resisted.Time: Dinner.Ambiance: Stifling.  Like Generalissimo Franco running a pizza parlor on a fake Italian piazza.Crowd: White tourists.Menu: Americanized Italian greatly reduced by being out of many ingredients.Service: Slow and lacking in morale.Food Ordered: Linguine with mussels, and a margherita pizzaFood Quality: Small portion of a decent linguine with sparse, overcooked, tiny mussels.  The margherita pizza was unremarkable.Value: Overpriced.Note: There are a bizarre number of rules here.  It has the pretensions of a great restaurant, but falls far short.
3	Nothing special. Just overpriced pizza.Awesome atmosphere right in St. MARY'S square at the Venetian-Palazzo.
