3	I know people who really love this place, so maybe I have visited on a bad day(s) or I am just extra-picky when it comes to my Mexican food. IMO, Valle Luna is just average. Although I admit the service has been good and the ambiance is nice. On our last visit, we were immediately greeted by a cheerful hostess and taken to a booth along the far side of the wall. Unfortunately the patio was full. If you get a choice, ask for a table outside overlooking the water. It helps the so-so food go down better. Pros: Big portions, lots of cheese, good service. Cons: Ho-hum food. Lots of grease. Can be too crowded.
5	Me and my girlfriend love this place. Much better than the other local chains. Its a pretty nice atmosphere and all ages seem to go here. One of our favorite places to eat.
3	Valle Luna bats .250.  Not high enough to put in the middle of the lineup (hell, probably not enough to even start), not low enough to send back down to AAA.  Completely average.  I'll admit, however, to frequenting the restaurant primarily for its bar which seemingly promotes about 17,696 drink specials and more on football sundays.  Other than that, there isn't really a whole lot to say one way or another.  Perhaps that says more than a lengthy review ever could...
4	Tasty food, good prices.  Great lunch destination.Even the 'lunch special' portions are on the large side, all you can eat chips and salsa / bean dip while you wait for the meal (won't be long).Try the lunch chimichanga special with green Chile, rice & beans, it's a piece of heaven on a plate.
5	I loved this place.I usually judge mexican on the staples :rice, chips & salsa and drinks. All of the above rocked. Not only that, but they serve spicy beans to dip your chips in. DELISH! We were seated promptly and with a smile! The waitress was also attentive (making sure our glasses were full) yet not overbearing! I had the tacos i could barely finish one but thats because I ate EVERYTHING! :)A great place for a nice hot meal and a place to converse with your company.
3	I'll agree w/ the other reviewers, average, but I think its gotten  PRICEY for average.I do love their pollo fundido.
4	They stay busy.  It is nice if you can sit outside on the water.  The service is fast and efficient and the prices are great.  I really enjoy the cocktails and the charro beans.  Mmmmm...
3	4 stars if you want a greasy heart attack. I often do, so I get the grilled pork chimichanga, I think it only has 7,000 calories. Patio is awesome as long as you don't let ducks bully you into feeding them your delicious chips. (Beer doesn't help this).Down to 3 stars because the Sangria sucks, should be called a fruit juice meltdown, blech.
3	Patio is the place to be. If you want to go eat/drink in the bar it can get pretty packed. It seems that every time I go there I have to muscle my way through the bar and struggle to find a table, or place at the bar. Food is average. I have had way better, but it goes down and taste alright. Good Mexican beer selection and margaritas( which is my main reason for visiting). They are not the best, but certainly not the worst and their happy hour prices make it more appealing. You do get chips/salsa/jalapeno bean dip which can feel you up. They do have this taco bar. I am not sure if it is free, or really cheap but I have sat by it before and it looks pretty gross. If you want tacos get the mini taco basket. Certainly not the worst for food or drinks, but not even close to being the best.
4	I love Valle Luna! I only give 4 stars because they don't blow me away good. We have so many mexican restarants in the valley to choose from  but what does impress me is that every time I have gone, the food is consistently good.Good chips and salsa which is very important. I love the margaritas there because they are never watered down tasting in fact, they tend to be a little heavy on the liquor which is a good thing but know that  before you plan to drive. I personally don't drink if I am so I always go there and make my husband drive ;-) It is a great place to meet people for food and drinks because they never rush you and it is very relaxed and friendly there. I for one will keep going
3	Fundito was good...not great.  I got it with pork.  The pork was cooked perfectly...nice and moist.  My wife's bean & cheese burrito was bland (at best).  She wasn't impressed at all.The salsas (both mild and hot) were flavorless and runny.  The hot tasted like Ketchup with a small bit of spice.  We even had some of the bean dip...not so good.  The chips were greasy too.Valle Luna used to be some of the *BEST* Mexican food around... What happened?!?!?!?!
5	it's a winner.  make sure you sit outside on the lake and order the mini taco basket split between 2 people.  free chips, salsa and bean dip are plenty especially along with the ritas on the rocks.  it's also a kick azz happy hour because the apps are half-off.  the food is cheap and super good.  don't try and walk around the lake though.  it doesn't connect up in a full circle.  and don't swim in that sh*t either.  just eat the good food at valle luna:-)
2	The food here is just not good. Not that it's particularly bad, but there is much better available nearby. It's bland in the way that wholly Americanized Mexican food always is, and the ambience of the place isn't really appealing either.The people who only wanted chips and drinks looked like they were having fun, but I can't speak from experience on that. The view of the lake is kind of novel in this area, but you're really only looking out over a big pond at some apartments, which gets boring very quickly.In short, I'm not really sure why anyone would want to go here, I'm pretty certain that regardless of what you're looking for, you could easily find better nearby.
1	IS IT THE WATER ? My wife dragged me to this place maybe five times before I finally said enough. The food and service was poor each time. I tried 5 different items on the menu and they all tasted the same (like not good cafeteria food). The atmosphere is OK if you sit by the water. They have a nice Mexican tap beer selection (the best in Chandler unfortunately for me). And this place is crowded too so somebody likes it. I just don't get it.
2	Valle Luna ChandlerMy wife and I were kid free the other night and were deciding where to go and deducted down to Valle Luna because of the lakeside setting. We got there and parked in the lot and the very first thing you see in the front parking lot is an overflowing open gated nasty dumpster with boxes and rotton food spewing out. We nearly turned around and said S@REW THIS, but we didn't.Inside we asked the host for patio seating which she said was booked; however, there was first-come-first-serve on the bar patio. Scored a ringside seat next to the lake! Yippie! I'm so gettin' some tonight with this setting. However, the ambiance was really marred by 2 things. First was the wafting of clouds of cigarette smoke lofting into our serene spot. Ewww, not to be a hypocrite as I smoked like 12 years ago..no check that cigarettes are gross. The other issue was the EXTREMELY INTOXICATED middle aged foul mouthed trashy cougar hooker seated behind us. Her and her skank girlfriend sat down about 1/2 hour after we did and she was friggin' hammered upon being seated. She later exclaimed to her friend about how she'd been drinking wine ALL DAY...yea really, you handle and hide it well. I totally shook my head as I watched the server dude take her order and thought, "Dude you're not really going to serve that sloshy puddle more booze are you?" and he did - and multiple times. Unbelievable! Where's the Liquor Board when they're needed. The other issue about the facility is the stank in the bar area. It has the aroma of a high school boys locker room. They really need to address this as it's nasty...carpet looks like it hasn't been cleaned this millennium. You can't go wrong drinking a Corona Light in this atmoshere and my wife had a Don Julio Blanca Marg Rocks that was good to. Later she prdered teh same but with a Chambord shot in it...awesome drink!My wife loves that they serve a bean dip with the chips and I thought the salsa was very tasty and chunky. I hate it when the salsa is watery thin. Chips were good ny wife said as I don't eat them. My wife had red cili enchiladas that were just ok...nothing special. I was pleased to see sea bass on the menu...yea! Ordered it but the server forgot to ask me which of the 2 sauces I wanted or about the sides. I flagged him down and told him the sauce and also said that I didn't want any rice. Food comes, there's the friggin' rice all over my plate. I'm not really picky but seriously I asked specifically for no rice and there it is and it's not like you can just push it aside as it crosses the international borders into the veggies, beans and fish sauce...forced to have a re-make. 8 minutes later and my wife is 1/2 done and here it comes back out. Looks good...taste is stone cold...what a shame as it was a good looking piece of fish. Without that lake...we would never come back.
3	The tortillas that they use for their chips and tacos are fantastic and some of the best I have ever had.  The rice is good with a perfect amount of cumin.  If you go when the weather is nice you can sit outside right by the lake, and if the kiddos are at home it makes for a romantic night out.  I have been here three times, and although it's not "wow gotta have" it's a safe bet that the food is consistently good.
3	I wouldn't typically to go that kind of restaurant for a mexican food ( I look for hole-in-the-wall type of mexican restaurants), but because I was with a big family who was craving for a mexican dish, I found this place in my area (Southeast Valley). My grannies were thrilled to see the 2 for 1 deal for senior citizens-the place was flooded with happy 'n' stomach-crammed senior citizens-we were waiting for them to leave and tables to clear up. I can understand some of the bad reviews, but the restaurant has been there forever, since I was born, and it's good enough for a big group who aren't very picky about Mexican food. A neutral place in hope to satisfy everyone in the group as there are alot of selections on the menu. I was lucky to have had an amazing vegetarian tamale called "Tamale Dinner" (with green chili corns), and apparently, it's one of their specials. I finished the whole plate-the rice and beans were delicious, and I was surprised to leave without an upset stomach (mexican food=be ready for a screwed up digestion function). I wish we sat outside as there is a nice terrace with a man-made lake view.
3	This is not going to blow your sox off... but they food is consistent, good variety, and decent quality.I like their green chili best. Pretty much all I get there now when I go.
1	The location is nice, the service was good, but in my opinion, the food has gone so far downhill I hope never to return. It's not that the food is gross or anything like that, it seems fresh but the flavor is just so blah. My parents and grandparents love it but if you like spicy, flavorful Mexican food this place isn't for you.
4	Not sure why the weighted average is 3 stars, this place is a Chandler cornerstone restaurant. Wife & I always have a great time when we go. Salsa & bean dip incredible, entrees to die for (fundido & steak fajitas this time). Attentive staff. Margaritas pretty good. A little pricier that I would have hoped, but the waterfront helps justify. Shop local.
5	I used to go here years ago and the food with happy hour was free and delicious! I went there today and my chimichanga was ready in just a few minutes. Fast service, nice staff. about 25 bucks for 2 people to eat. I like this place
4	Valle is all about the ritas happy hour, chips and bean dip and an awesome patio, if you are looking to eat awesome pollo funditos well they have that too...
1	My friend and I went for lunch today, as it is close to both our offices. We had never been there, and for good reason after going. The place has an 80's decor, that's the good part. The oil they fry their chips in must be very old because every chip I ate tasted like I was just eating a chunk of lard, literally disgusting. The salsa & bean dip was the best part. I had a beef taco that completely fell apart, and the rice & beans were mush. My friend had the pollo fundido w/unmelted cheese. With in the hour after we left the place, we both got sick w/the runs ( think it was the lard tasting chips).  I came back to work, and my coworker said he went last week , his girlfriend got the pollo fundido burrito (same as my friend), and she literally got food poisoning, hurled7 times ! Wish I would have known before going there! It's expensive too, so not worth it. Not Recommended whatsoever! Some Burros is 100 times tastier & it's fast food!
3	The chips, salsa and bean dip are the good reasons to go here.... other than that not much to say.  Everything seems to be sooo greasy and mushy within seconds.  If you order something with a crispy taco, eat that first!  It will be a soggy mess soon.  I have to say that they have a nice patio or drinks which has been a better experience than the food and I wish it wasn't so because I live really close by.  I do have to say that the service is always 5 star.
4	Great location right off the lake with indoor/outdoor seating, family friendly (Weds are family night), great Mexican food (yes, its greasy)-with about 10 dinner combos which can please just about anyone, AND we get a buy one get one free through the mail almost weekly that it just makes sense to keep coming back for more! =) Plus their chips, salsa, and bean dip just about seal the deal for me! Yummy!
2	Went for lunch the other day because I had a coupon and I love Mexican food, so I was excited to give it a try. I have to say, I was disappointed. I had the shredded beef chimichanga- it was so-so. I've definitely had a more flavorful chimichanga at a cheaper price elsewhere. I was also not impressed by the service. Our waiter never came to check on us, other than taking our order and bringing the food, which meant we had empty water glasses most of the time. Not cool. But on the plus side, they have a killer bean dip. I'd go back just to eat the chips and bean dip, but probably sit in the bar for (hopefully) better service.
3	It's been mentioned, however it's extremely true. The bean dip rocks. Lots of Mexican restaurants start you with chips & salsa, but warm bean dip? Leet.The location of this place is really nice, situated on a lake in the corner of a large complex. For some reason, I like how they are set way back in the corner and their front door is not immediately in front of you at the curb. I've only been here twice, and I sat in the bar both times. Got pretty decent service, refills took slightly longer than I like but it looked like our server was the only one running around the bar and she was prego, so I'm not really going to fault her. Plus she was super sweet.I'll be back because of the notable perks I have experienced so far: Mmm, warm beans. Yes please!They have good happy hour specials, even on weekends (the mini burritos are YUM!) And they have Michelob Ultra on draft.
3	I only eat here because of the buy one get one free coupons plus it's close to my house in Chandler.  The food is okay and the drink prices are high.
5	Valle Luna has the best mexican food around.  Since the Ahwatukee location we drive to Chandler. Service is fast and the food is awesome. Great Happy too!
4	i hadn't been to valle luna since i was a kid, but we went here recently and it was so great. i mean, it wasn't like amazing mexican homemade food, but it's pretty darn good for what it is. their salsa is amazing. so amazing. the chips are warm and salty. the bean dip is pretty great. for a meal, their chicken fundido is awesome if you're feeling naughty. i had the fajitas and everything was fresh, not pre-made. you know how i have a weird thing about pre-made food. nope, not here. they were even able to cook my fajitas with water instead of oil which was a bonus for me because i make crazy requests like that. we sat on the patio and enjoyed the water fountain. all in all, it was good and i'd totally go back.
2	sadly, i can't let my old review stand. i hope no one went there based on that review. idk what happened butttttttttttttttttttttttttt our food this last time was not good. the beans on my friends plate looked like dried out play-do. it was really gross to look at from across the table, not gonna lie. and the lettuce on her plate was brown and wilty. i couldn't handle it. my food had this weird flavor and honestly....everything had a weird taste, even my diet coke.  we both agreed everything had a funny taste. idk what it was. i was sad bc last time my dinner was so amazing. i probably won't be going back for awhile. or ever, i haven't decided.
3	Love that Valle Luna sits right on the lake, I enjoy feeding the duckies chips (even though I'm not supposed to) and sitting outside. The food is good, not great, but good. The bean dip is also pretty good, but not as good as serranos. We come here once in a while, but not a place I'd go out of my way for. Like I said, good, but not great.
5	I am opening a day spa practically right next to this place so after hours of meeting contractors, taking measurements, etc. in our currently empty space my wife and I were ready for a margarita and some good food. So we decided to try one of new neighbors and I have to say that we were very impressed. The inside is beautiful with wood beams and little false roofs that make the atmosphere cozy. Of course, the lake is right there which also adds to the atmosphere. Margaritas were $5 on Mondays, which we were happy about because that was number on our list that day. The menu had lots of great choices but we decided to just order two appetizers. We got a mixed mini taco plate and sliders.Both of our choices were first rate, not greasy, and were served quickly. We thought the service was exceptional. A manager was walking around checking everything the entire time and was actually the one that asked if we wanted a second drink. I always like it when managers are hands on with customers.My only negative is that one item we ordered was more expensive than we thought. The menu we looked at was for the cantina only, not the main restaurant. Apparently, the cantina has its own specials. I thought that was confusing for a new customer but I don't think they were trying to be misleading at all so I would not knock their rating for that. It was really our fault.I noticed most of the negative reviews here are old. I thought it was excellent so maybe they changed.
3	The restaurant wasn't bad but nothing blew me away. The fundido (steak) was good, as long as I didn't think about how many miles I'd have to run afterwards to counteract it. I'm a huge dessert fan and their deep fried ice cream was not something I'd order again (this is where they lost the most points with me). I'll probably eat there again before I make a final decision.
3	Decided on going here tonight with family. Got a table pretty quick. Was prolly 15 mins before the waiter acknowledged, then about 5 more mins until he came back to take our drink and dinner order. Well 35mins later the food arrives, but during the wait not a single word from waiter as to why so long. The waiter during the meal never checked back to see how everything was. VERY poor service this visit. We go here on a regular basis and we are very disappointed.We ended up talking with the manager about the server, he was very sorry that we had a bad experience and he took care of some of the items on the bill and offered dessert.Food as always is very good and we plan on still going there for our monthly Fundido fix,
2	We've been going to Valle Luna on and off for years.  The last time that we ate there, we were less than pleased.  The food was bland, the sauces all tasted the same.  I ordered tamales, my favorite, they were as hard as rocks, so dense and heavy and unpleasant.  The rice was blah.My daughter decided that rather than order from the kids meal, she would order a 1/2 price happy hour appetizer.  The happy hour menu was standing up in the middle of the table for all to see.  When we tried to order off the appetizer menu, we were told that those items could only be ordered in the bar and that the server was unable to accomodate us.  I decided to go into the bar and order the appetizer to bring back to our table.  On the upside, the bartender was very helpful and said that it was fine, nothing worng with bringing it back to our table and then offered to bring it to us when it was done!  So helpful!   We were very  disappointed that the server was so unwilling to help us solve the problem.  We went home with tons of leftovers because none of us thought the food was any good.  Don't know why we took it home, it just ended up in the trash. I guess we'll continue our quest to find the best Mexican food restaurant!
4	Margaritas are fantastic!! And I love their salsa and beans that come with the chips.  We usually fight over the beans, I build a fortress around them so people have to plot a plan to get them:) You think I'm kidding... but no. lol Last time I was here I had some chilis that were stuffed with shrimp... it was super delicious.  The inside is always clean, but I won't sit outside since I'm deathly afraid of birds, and they are all about the deck here. Cause people feed them! Come on now it's wild life... they need to know not to rely on food from humans. Oh well that's not the restaurants fault.
4	Sunday Funday til 6pm... awesome for sure! Good deals on drinks... and food. It's in the bar only. But still totally legit. It was dark in the booth we were sitting in though, damn if I can't read a menu now and I'm only 27 what does that say about my future in a dark booth... anyone know of a good lasik eye surgeon... lol?!?!
5	Best happy hour!! Weekdays until 7:30. Sit on the patio with a couple margaritas and some mini bean burros without spending $10.
4	Fundido is amazing!
1	For anyone who gives this place five stars-I seriously question your taste buds.  This is the Hometown Buffet of mexican food and it left both my friend and I feeling extremely ill.  If you want to spend a lot of money for canned food, then Valle Luna is perfect for you.
4	Service was great but food took longer than usual. Carne asada was delicious lots of flavor. The restaurant has a great view of a lake.  I would definitely come here over and over again!
4	There's different kinds of Mexican places around.  Type A:  Pseudo-Mexican fast food (Taco Bell, El Pollo Loco, Del Taco, etc.)Type B: REAL Mexican fast food (whateveri-berto's, Baja Fresh, Rubio's etc.)Type C: Various traditional taquerias (Los Favoritos, Rivas' Mexican Food, etc.)Type D: "Mexican Denny's" or chain-type sit down Mexican Restaurants--traditional-style or not (Chevy's, El Torito, Macayo's, etc.) Type E: REAL formal or semi-formal Mexican restaurants (I don't know any in the Valley yet, but in the Bay Area there is the now closed La Michoacana in San Mateo, CA, etc.)Valle Luna is a Type D, and a pretty good one as well.  Delicious traditional-style Mexican food.  The interior looks like what you usually see in a Chevy's or Macayo's.  It's visually pleasing, and service is friendly and helpful.  They have all the beers, margaritas, and tequila that you usually find at places like this (you know what I mean).  It's the kind of Mexican place you take someone for their birthday--exactly.Do you check in to places on Yelp using your iPhone?   Come to Valle Luna!  Show them the check-in on your phone and you get $5 off of a meal costing $20 or more.  Perfect for lunch with your co-worker.Valle Luna means good Mexifood.  If you're in the mood for a Type D, bypass the "Fresh Mex" and come here.
4	Very good chips and salsa. Prompt, fast service.  Will return in future.
4	THE ONLY PLACE I GO TO FOR MEXICAN!Let me start off first by saying that there is a server that works there named Jill and she is like this precious, sweet, wonderful lady who ALWAYS knows what me and my boyfriend want when she see's us! We just love her so much! She ROCKS!The staff there seem to have worked there for a long time which always says a lot to me. The chips and salsa are good - but the bean dip? Oh man! I am in love with their bean dip! The atmosphere is really nice and the view is really nice to (over looks a little man made pond with a fountain in the middle.). Me and my boyfriend always order the same thing - the minnie taco basket, beef, with no tomatoes - and we always walk out stuffed and happy. They use shredded beef that is so juicy and flavorful! Sometimes I am disappointed with the wait staff because certain servers aren't really on top of things, even on a slow day. But, my boyfriend and I don't let that impede out love for the minnie tacos and delicious bean dip!I will be a patron for forever (or least until I don't live in Phoenix anymore)!
4	I love their salsaI love their pollo fundidoAnd this is my favorite Valle Luna location of them all... thanks to the lake :)Love it!
5	Great food, great service, great atmosphere. I couldn't ask for a better place to spend an afternoon/evening. Even the late night bar scene is fun! Highly recommended.
4	Valle Luna is a Mexican restaurant with multiple locations throughout the Phoenix area.I would put Valle Luna in the above average Mexican food restaurant category. The food doesn't isn't close to having the authentic flavor, however if you know that going into it, you're going to enjoy your meal.I love their appetizer list, which includes mini tacos, mini burritos, a tasty Mexican pizza, and more. If you're looking for a meal, the chimichanga, fundido, or Pepe's sizzling fajitas are all good choices. I love going to Valle Luna for happy hour. They have daily drink specials, half price appetizers, and a nice little lake to sit next to. Above average food, friendly service, and a great happy hour gives Valle Luna an above average rating of four stars.
4	Good food, nice outdoor patio, moderately priced....unfortunatly, service needed some work. They offer unlimited chips and salsa and bean dip, and negro modelo on tap! Amazing chicken chimichanga!!
5	Great food, Great service, Great patio on the lake. The cantina side is where we go, every time we're there. The TV's are kind of small, not placed very strategically, but it is a blast for NFL Sunday. Good drink specials, too. At night, on Thurs & Sat, they have a DJ.
2	bland bland bland!If you like Mexican food with no taste then this is the place to go.  The salsa tasted like tomato sauce, the bean dip had no flavor, and I don't think I've ever had a more tasteless chile relleno in my life.  Not even the pepper had any taste.  The whole plate was covered in cheese and mediocre rice and beans.  I did like the small side of guacamole, the only thing I liked at the table.The service was lackluster and seemed to match up with the food here.  What I did like was that it sits right on a small lake and I would imagine in nicer weather it would be fun to drink margaritas and sit by the water.
4	I'm a regular. Love their green corn tamales and their taco basket is good. I go to the cantina to meet up with friends and enjoy happy hour. Always relaxed and can watch the game and talk with friends. Prompt service and good drinks. The "lake" nearby provides a good atmosphere. I love Mexican food but wouldn't say this is the greatest Mexican you'll ever have but pretty decent. I come from New Mexico, so I'm hard to please.
1	Literally the worst Mexican food I have ever tasted in my life ( until I went to Macayos!!!)  So now its the second worst Mexican food I have ever had.  We had an appetizer that was overcooked or over deep fried little tasteless burritos that were supposed to come with a bean dip that didnt come til we were done with the appetizer.  When we asked for the missing bean dip our waiter got a bit defensive about it.  It was so bland and tasteless anyway and we didnt eat it. We had a chili relleno that was just awful.  It was swimming in oil, a thick slick of oil.  Very weird feeling in your mouth.  I almost vomited literally but instead I spit it out in my napkin.  I had a combo burrito and taco and the taco was in the deep fryer so long that the edges of the meat were black and the cheese they stuffed inside never melted so it was a weird combo taste texture.  The burrito was about the best thing but still the worst I have ever had.  There were lots of tiny pieces of what appeared to be red peppers and green peppers as well as onions in the meat mixture but it seemed to be old as if it had been in fridge or left over a couple days.   Someone else said that the beans were like play dough and yes thats a good description! The chips and salsa also not that good.  Salsa wasnt the worst but not that good and was definitely not fresh or made by them and the chips were so brown they were almost burnt.  The waiter was a bad mood jerk.The atmosphere is absolutely beautiful with the lake and the fountain all lit up at night.  Gordon Ramsey really needs to make a visit to this place.  I cant believe they are in business since 83 and that people recommend this place.  What are they thinking????
5	Absolutely love love this place. The food is good, drink specials and service is always great. We come here once a month, the location is perfect with views of the water from the patio! They also have specials if you use foursquare you can get $ off your bill.
4	I love their mexican pizza!  Happy hour in the cantina has great deals, half off appetizers and drink specials.
1	I have been Valle Luna in the past and was not very happy with the food and service. I said I would never go back yet, I decided to give it another try this time when I had friends in town. Once again completely disappointed with the food and service.I had called ahead to make reservations for a party of 6 and was told they only accept reservations for 8 or more. Okay, I let that one go. We get to Valle Luna the waiting area is not busy at all. I place my name and party size with the host. He did not give me a wait time, just says," okay, have a seat." We waited 30 minutes before I finally had to approach the young man to ask how much longer. He said, "we are still waiting for tables to clear." We wait another 5 minutes then  finally are taken back to our table. First we are seated next to a table with a family with 4 kids, all of which were behaving badly running around screaming, no one said a word to the parents or kids.Our waitress, Krystle promptly comes to our table to take our drink orders. This is when her poor waiting skills come into play. Krystle never approached us with a smile, a hello, welcome, just a "what would everyone like to drink." She returns with our drink then asks if everyone is ready to order. We all order. I personally had the spinach enchiladas. They were not good to say the least. The description mentions the enchiladas being filled with spinach, tomatoes, potato and zucchini in a blend of cheeses. These enchiladas should have been called cheese enchiladas, that is what they mostly consisted of. I saw the finely chopped pieces of spinach amongst the cheese sauce. However, I never once tasted or saw a potato, tomato or zucchini at any time while eating this dish. It was very bland and again I felt as if I was eating a tortilla filled with Velveeta cheese sauce. My husband and friends were not entirely pleased with their meals either. They all said that the food was okay but too pricey for the quality.Back to our waitress, Krystle. The worst waitress I have ever encountered while dining out. She could have been more pleasant, and attentive. We had to flag her down on more than one occasion for drink refills, extra salsa, etc. Each time we asked her for something she acted as if we were inconveniencing her. We didn't receive even a thank you from Krystle at the end of our meal. I will NEVER go back to Valle Luna and will not recommend to anyone.
4	Though the service was slow at the beginning, the place was crowded and had to wait 15 minutes.  Ordered the carna asada steak and my friend ordered the shredded beef chimi, both were really good.  The plates didn't look sloppy but appetizing.  The salsa and chips were also good, they add some herbs to their thick salsa which is pleasant.  Didn't order drinks but they seemed very reasonable.  Rita's for 5 bucks and they looked legit.  Look forward to going back.
4	i enjoyed the visit.  the lake was a pleasant surprise.  went for lunch and ordered the 1 entry with rice and beans with fried ice cream.  i thought everything was yummy and filling.  the ice cream was topped with carmel!  would go back.
5	I wish I could give them 10 stars. The service is always top notch and I love the Chimi's
4	Visiting from Pa...great food great service. Sat outside
5	Did you know they have happy hour till 7:30?
4	Great Mexican food... Good luck finding a place to park!
5	Stopped in for Margs and appetizers.Had 2 house Margaritas......AM I DRUNK?Holy MOLY what do they put in those things?Food was great, drinks were better, I'll be back!
5	Amazing food and amazing service. Try the skinny margarita. It's amazing. :)
4	Greasy "traditional" American Mex is not really my cup of tea, so I would not usually choose this type of place for that reason.  However, I'm a medical sales rep, and we bring A Lot of lunches to offices.  Usually I try and steer them towards healthier fare since I have to eat lunch too, but one of my better accounts had a particular fancy for this place so I decided to be accommodating and give it a whirl.  I ordered their party platter which feeds 25, and told them to just put an assortment of stuff on there, beef and chicken.  My total was $125 before tax, and I found this to be EXTREMELY reasonable for what I got.  They were a little slow getting my order brought out to my car, but yes, they did bring it out and load it up and I only gave them an hour notice so I won't fault them for this at all.  It was a TON of food, two huge bags of chips, 3 large containers of salsa, 1 large container of guac, 1 large container of sour cream, a tray of rice, another tray of beans, and 3 huge party platter assortments of mini chimis, mini tacos, and flautas.  Even though the food was fried, it was not terribly greasy, and I actually enjoyed it!  It was a huge hit with the office, and there was so much leftover I actually brought some back for the staff at one of my offices since coincidentally they were having Mexican potluck day and as usual, I forgot to bring something in.  They commented on how good it was too, even though it was a full hour later and I looked super thoughtful ;)I would definitely recommend this place for other reps who do catering orders or anyone who wants to feed a large group for what I consider to be a very fair price.  Huge hit, something for everyone!
2	I've been going to Valle Luna ever since I can remember!! They have awesome salsa but not awesome chips. The bean dip is a hit or miss, it depends on who makes it that day. The pollo fundido is my favorite... even though it cost like $15 and an extra $3 for a side of the jalapeno cream cheese. I also recommend the pollo sandwich and the grilled honey-hot wings!Now about the service... it's terrible!!! A lot of the servers have worked at Valle Luna for many years and treat NO ONE with respect. They treat customers like they are an inconvenience then wonder why they don't get good tips lol.
3	Too many birds on the back patio.  It's to bad because the view is wonderful.
4	I went with my Birthday coupon for a free dinner but even without one this is the best real mexican in town.  I'm from San Diego and very picky when it comes to Mexican food. Valle Luna Rocks!
4	Good chimichangas. Lunch specials are well worth it. Table salsa and chips are great.
5	I started with the complimentary salsa, re-fried beans, and chips followed by my margarita and chicken taco basket everything was really good def one of my favorite mexican restaurants :) !
4	The service was average but the food saved this from being a three star review. We were a demanding table of 5 (MORE BEAN DIP!!!@!) but our waiter and help were able to keep up. All in all, we had about three rounds of chips and dip before our food came. It felt a little long, but it was worth the wait. Dinner arrived sizzling hot and everybody enjoyed their food. The shrimp fajitas need more shrimp and less onions taking up room on the plate (sneaky sneaky). Good salsa, great bean dip, and delicious enchilada sauce.
3	I am not a big Mexican food fan to begin with, so take this review with a grain of salt.  My fiance, her family and a few friends decided to eat here when we saw that it was featured restaurant on Restaurant.com.  Each couple printed out our coupons as we were all going to pay separately.  Everything was going great, the service was fast and courteous and the food was good, but when it came to paying for our check we were told that they would only honor one coupon since we were all sitting at the same table, even though we alerted our waiter to the fact that we were all paying separately and he said that would be fine.  After a few tense minutes with the manager, he reluctantly agreed to accept the coupons.  Aside from that the experience was okay.  The party I was with really likes Mexican food, so I'm sure they would rate it higher.  I had the shrimp fajitas I would rate as a 6 compared to the best shrimp fajitas I have ever had.
4	Recently I decided to have a surprise birthday party for my girlfriend, and being that she and most of her friends are Mexican I wanted a place with good food. She is from Sonora, and the restaurant is described as Sonoran-style, so I put it at the top of my list.  I spoke to someone a few weeks prior who gave me additional information on private parties. They offer three different levels of menus for large parties. In selecting the Sonoran Celebration I picked two menu items and it came with rice, beans, a zucchini dish, and chips & salsa. Unlimited soda, tea, and coffee also come with that option. I had half of the patio overlooking the lake, booked it for 5pm with dinner served at 6. I arrived a little early and had the opportunity put up decorations and set up the cakes I brought. While I was doing that two staff members were busy setting up the food line and brought me drinks. As the guests arrived they were offered drinks and chips & salsa while the food was being prepared. The setting was perfect, my girlfriend surprised, and everyone reported having a good time. They enjoyed the food and as I booked for 35 but didn't have quite that many show up there were some leftovers that we brought home. It was a good choice (thanks to those Yelpers who provided suggestions on my Talk post), and I will definitely visit again.
5	Had a lunch date with my mom there it was great. It was a first time going and we are definitely going back. The lake view was great. The service was efficient and there wasn't to long of a wait. We loved the food and being from Sonora and them claiming that they have sonoran-style we definitely agreed. They're Chimichangas were delicious.
3	So its Thursday night and I got a certificate from Resturant.com for Valle Luna and thought I haven't been out with the kids in a while wonder if they are up to trying a new place, and guess what, they were, ok when I say kids, I really mean 21, 19, & 16 yr old, yea they are not really kids, but they are my kids :)It was my 1st time there and I really wanted to like Valle Luna, it's just right up the street from me. I did some research and read some reviews of friends and thought ok, this is going to be a good place!When we 1st got there they put us in a small booth, we were sitting on top on each other, the 21 yr old is 6 months prego and they placed us in table where it was very tight and making her uncomfortable and I had my left handed son sitting next to me elbowing me already and the food hadn't even arrived yet (s/n: I really think he sits by me to bug the crap out of me) so we asked for a bigger table and we got moved almost into a small booth on the other side, my daughter said yea that's not going to work, that's what the other one was and it hurt to sit there, so we were moved to a table with the view of the lake, it was nice, felt like was in a different area then just chillin in chandler It was happy hour when I arrived and it was Three-O Thursday, all Three Olive Vodka drinks for 3 bucks, so I ordered the Cherry Smash, it was a pretty drink, but way too strong for me , I know I was even shocked I couldn't finish it! The chips, bean dip & salsa arrived to the table, now to me the chips were not that bad, tasted ok, some of the reviews said it was the worst part of it, to me they were ok, the salsa on the other hand reminded me of pace picante, one was sweet and the other was just like tomato sauce, packed no heat what so ever, but the kids liked it and ate it.Ok I'll just tell you what they ordered real quickly:21yr old ordered the Tamale Dinner, she loves tamales, she thought the flavor was good, tamale itself was a little dry, but it cured her caving.19 yr old ordered grilled asada burro dinner, she loved it! This plate looks like something I should have ordered, she loved it!16 yr old ordered southwestern chicken breast, he didn't care for it, he said the chicken tasted like I cooked it, meaning it looked great, but was dry, sometimes I just wanna smack him hahaAfter reading everyone's reviews, I was really looking forward to what I ordered, I ordered the Fundido, I understood that it was deep fried, but mine looked and tasted like it was left in the fryer for way too long, the tortilla was inedible, I scraped everything out of it and left the shell on another plate.   The beans & rice were good, and so what the filling inside the tortilla, the jalapeno-cream cheese could have had more heat for, but was very good. I don't think I will be ordering this dish again.We were having a good time talking with each other and decided that we wanted desert, so 2 of us ordered the fried ice cream and one ordered the chocolate taco.I was one of the ones who ordered the fried ice cream and I chose caramel for topping instead of chocolate, and I asked if it could be drowned in caramel and it was ,,omg it was soo delish!!!!! I do want to come back to Valle Luna to give them another try, the kids did enjoy themselves and the food, so they are willing to go back with me.
5	I have been to this restaurant many times & love it!  Great mexican food priced very reasonably.  They have three different areas to this place, an area for dining, an aread for eating outside with a very nice view of the man made lake, & there is a bar area to go enjoy some beers & watch tv.  I took my mom & step dad here when they visited Arizona & they loved it.  Anytime i'm invited out to eat with friends if we are going here I will always go!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  They have Buy one get one free coupons in the monthly coupon mailer book and Wednesdays are Family night which have their own specials.  Their Happy hour goes until 7:30pm which is the longest Happy hour around. Also they have daily specials for margaritas and specialty drinks(prickly pear marg is the bomb). $2.75 pints and $8 pitcher of domestic beer on HH too.This is going to sound strange but they have the BEST GRILLED WINGS!! I would have never thought to try them, but we smelled some as they went by and had to order a dozen. They were SO tasty and flavroful! And from a Mexican place?  We haven't tried the burgers but we heard from other people that they were good too.The Pork Verde is super DELICIOUS, and HUGE!  I really haven't had anything bad from Luna either. We are here often and each time we always see a new magic trick from Chewy - the awesomest bartender!  The service is quick and when something comes out wrong, they quickly remake the item and it's out without 5 minutes.  The patio has the best view of the lake too since it's in the center. They have tons of TVs, fenced the ducks off the patio, misters, both pubs and tables. It really can't get much better.  I mean, maybe if they had recliners or something but for now I'm all positive and give Valle and big thumbs up!
4	I had the pollo fundido here, it was pretty good.  I think you would like this place if you are someone who's not afraid of cheese and a little grease to go with that.  Its Sonoran style so U should know that there is gonna be a bit of cheese thrown in.  As for the grease, it comes from all the frying : )  They have pretty decent salsa and chips, but I guess the bean dip does not come standard any more because I did not see them serve that with the chips.  Maybe you got to ask for it.  Food alone should give this place 4-5 stars but the service was a little underpar.  Its not that bad, but certainly was just sufficient without any attempts to improve.  The host was in the midst of seating me but stopped to address an issue with the kitchen on a phone order.  I guess its not a big deal as the bus boys were really fast and would bring u, the salsa and chips and greet u warmly.  As for my server, well I guess she would be a 7/10 service-wise.  Passable but not exceeding anything.  She was in a hurry to put her order in and I noticed her doing the same thing to other customers too.  When the table next to me asked what kind of meat was in their chilli rellenos, she just replied, there is no meat in the chilli rellenos, without any explanation of what it was and if there is an alternative.  The customer got convinced into ordering a pollo fundido which according to the waitress was the same as a chilli rellenos but with a chicken (not really !).  In her defense, she was not rude or uncaring, just very order-oriented and focused on fulfilling them.  She would go around and ask if everything was okay with her charges and did ask if I needed a refill on my ice teas.  I guess its better than a server who would not come around at all, that would be worse.  So perhaps you would want to view the menu online first, using the link on this page and then read about what they were, so you can ask "educated" questions about the foods or know right up front what you want, so they can bring you something nice and hot to eat real fast :)I would come back again if I am craving a nice cheesy (in a good way) meal.  Also the view is pretty good, its overlooking a little lake that it shares a view with Coffee Rush.
5	This place is awesome for happy hour.  You can get a dozen wings or a taco basket, add a  Mexican import beer, free chips and salsa plus bean dip. All this for $8.50. You can up the beer to a 32oz for just $1 more.  The food is very good, I was very happy and returned the next night to try it again.  They have a nice menu for happy hour, I have tried the wings and the taco basket, they were both excellent. Have to go back and try some of the others soon!
5	Great place, love Brittney, Tomas and Chuey.  Food is always predictably decent, service is really great.  Awesome view of the lake, great patio.  We love this place!!
1	UGH.One, they don't honor groupons or restaurant.com certificates on any happy hour items. Two, the food is definitely not the best Mexican in the area. There are far better places within a block or two. It's overpriced and definitely not easy on the stomach. We had margaritas, beer, the chicken nachos, and some 1/2 taco baskets. Today, all three of us have some serious stomach issues. The nachos were large (and for $15 they should be) but they had cheese, onions, refried beans, jalapenos, chicken, and sour cream. We had to ask a number of times to get our salsa refilled (there was never enough, and only one brought each time). The tacos didn't taste like much, just deep-fried shells without much flavor.The ONLY thing I liked was that refried beans are served with the salsa and chips. Go anywhere else.
2	We had come on a Sunday night and for some bizarre reason a birthday was being held in the bar area.  So with that being said it was impossible to get around to go to the bathroom directly unless you went the long way and then when it came to our food and drinks the older lady that was our server took forever to come over to bring us our food and drinks regardless if it was a soda or water.  Whenever i go to restaurants and am thirsty the servers wont be there to ask if you would like a refill or not. but the days i am not thirsty they are there non stop which is great.  Bad luck maybe.  The chicken tacos were disgusting. The fish tacos apparently were okay. So next time i suppose I should try that instead of the chicken tacos.
3	Good chips and salsa, food average. Service good. Extremely busy on fri and sat notes.
4	Large portions, great taste but the service is a bit lacking.
4	Very crowded, but good service. Love the chimichanga here. One difference at this location is the nice bean dip they give with the chips. Very good. I wish the rest of their locations would have it. The rice and beans are fairly mundane. I'd give the pinto beans the nod, over the retried and black beans. Nice and spicy, too.
5	I recently held a banquet here for my mother's 50th birthday. It was recommended that I use Valle Luna because they are easy to work with. I made a couple visits to the restaurant before booking the banquet. What had me sold was their beautiful view from their back patio. I was able to set up the menu for the banquet. They answered all of my questions. What really had me sold was on the day of the banquet I had an excellent server called Ricky. I can tell Ricky is a pro. He made sure to ask me all the questions he needed to help me make the party run smoother. There was a very small mix up with a menu item we ordered and he resolved it very quickly. Ricky really made the party. I was able to focus on the guest of honor and other party guests. The service was good and the food was excellent. Everything tasted good and there was enough food for everyone. They were even able to accommodation a last minute desert order. I will consider using Valle Luna again for a banquet!
5	OMG, this place is amazing!We had a hard time finding a table for 7 of us and ended up with something less than pleasing.  The female waitress was irritated with me and you could tell she clearly did not want to wait on us, so a young waiter, I think his name is Jeff, took her place.  He was wonderful, catering to our every want and need, the food was, of course wonderful.  We will continue to come here; however, avoiding the waitress with the attitude problem.
4	When we moved to North Phoenix from Scottsdale we missed some of the restaraunts that had been close to home. We were told great things about Valle Luna, so we checked it out. The one problem I have is that they are packed to the gills during dinner time, from 6pm to 9pm you're going to have at least a 20 minute wait to get a seat. That's if you can find a parking spot in their very small parking lot. We often have to leave the car on the street, which is something we're not comfortable with. It's worth the wait. The service is excellent. The food is great. They had a lot to live up to, there are some amazing Mexican Food Restaraunts in Scottsdale, and they managed to hold their own. We always go to Valle Luna when we're in the mood for a sit down Mexican dinner, and will continue to do so as long as they're still there.
4	I haven't eaten at many Mexican cuisine restaurants, but this one is by far the best I have had yet.Great food & descent service.  I have no complaints.
4	Love this place -  best Mexican food in Chandler. Since Senor comes in second.
4	The best Mexican restaurant in the area that very few know about.
4	Ate here for lunch, awesome food, awesome service, and a view of the lake. I had the fondito chimmie, it was wonderful. We will be back.
3	Valle Luna is a reasonably reliable Mexican restaurant.  Nothing spectacular, but reliable.  The food is pretty good, the menu has a good variety of "classics" (burros, chimis, fundido, etc), the chips and salsa are fine.  Nothing spectacular. Service is reasonable, and the prices aren't bad (especially if you get a coupon which shows up sometimes in those coupon clipper magazines).Obviously I'm not raving about this place.  I would put it on par with Garcia's or Serrano's.  Not great, but not bad.  Nowhere near the level of someplace like La Tolteca.  But it was closer, I have limited time for lunch, and I had a coupon.One thing I will say is they support youth athletic programs.  They have numerous plaques displayed of the various teams they have supported.  Girls' soccer, boys' baseball, etc.  A LOT of plaques.  It's cool that Valle Luna takes an interest in their community like that.  Many places don't.  Has nothing to do with the quality of the food, but when choosing between comparable restaurants like Garcia's and Serrano's, I think it is nice to know I am helping support such things with my patronage of the restaurant.
5	Who doesn't love the buy one get one free entree's coupons for Luna?! we love the Fajita's and the Fundido. and it's even better when we get one meal for free!!! awesome place, great service. yummy chips and dips for free. it just gets better and better when we come. love it
5	Visited today after the hubby went with his co workers for lunch. I have to say, I'm impressed. Service was great, the food was excellent, happy hour specials are every day and even my son finished his food. When we were leaving, we saw one of my husband's co worker's who is particularly picky when it comes to Mexican food...so he def must've approved because he came back with his wife!We'll def be back again.
5	Best happy hour in town, the $5.50 taco basket is delicious! The back patio is a great spot to meet friends and grab a drink.
4	AMAZING happy hour specials. We can get 2 pitchers of beer and eat all the food we want for about $20 on a Saturday afternoon. How can you beat that!? The food is simple and good, the staff is fast and friendly, and the patio is delightful.
4	Normally when my husband and I visit Valle Luna we split an order of the fajitas and order the queso dip. Last night we had a buy one get one free coupon so we got separate orders.  They were pretty much was the same thing except I got the smothered burrito and he got the enchiladas. I thought that the meat was a little spicy for me but I still ate it. The burrito skin was not warm at all and it was pretty dry. My husbands enchiladas looked better than my dish!  Also I ordered guacamole with mine-$2.50! I'm sure we'll come back, but next time I'm ordering the fajitas and queso dip!!!
4	Great atmosphere in the bar area during happy hour. By the way, happy hour is from 3-730pm mon- fri. Saturday is 12-6pm. Chuey or Thomas are usually behind the bar. Awesome bartenders. Both these guys exceed expectations. Get the taco basket basket, will not be disappointed.
1	$30 for two plates of hot mush. My wife and I had belly aches the rest of the day. Never again.
1	Drinking water cause they got the pepsi.  Food came out uncooked,  slow service. Server tried to tell me thats how it is.  really you serve mexican food with cheese that isn't melted?  No visit from a manager or anything. this is a place in need of a visit from restaurant impossible.  I won't be going back.
3	Food was awesome, but service was terrible. Asked for extra salsa, never got it for dinner. We were never checked in on after we received food. Also waitress took our receipt right out off our table before the ink dried and had to lean in over our to go boxes to get it. Very rude.
4	First and foremost, always use a coupon. If you live in Chandler they should come in the mail every other week. This will save you at least $12. Everyone here is friendly. The food has never disappointed and I've been here about 100 times. There are many good selection. The shredded beef taco is big and juicy. It tastes amazing. The burritos are decent but are a little bland. The Chimichanga is good, but is it worth the extra calories for being deep fried? That all depends on your metabolism. My new favorite choice here is the Mexican pizza. It is huge and filling. There are so many different flavors going on. The chips and salsa here are my favorite(tied with Serrano's that is). There is also a nice patio outside on a pond with a water fountain in the water that lights up at night. It looks pretty cool.
1	Although Valle Luna used to rank high on our list, my last visit there has caused me to boycott this restuarant.  I will summarize the story, as I don't like to draw out details.  I am a very forgiving and patient person but this incident was truly an example of extremely poor customer service.  After my mother passed away, my friend gave me a Valle Luna Gift card.  Eventaully, because it was emotional, I used it with my family.  After I tried to pay using the gift card, the waitress returned to tell me that the card was not activated.  I asked to speak to the manager and she advised that she would look into it on Monday.  2 weeks passed and I decided to follow up on it.  The manager than had conflicting comments, but bottom line, she cannot do anything to help me unless I have the receipt.  I explained, as I did the night we dined there, that I did not feel comfortable asking my friend after 3 months of receiving the gift since the chances were very low that she would still have the receipt.  Also, it made me very uncomfortable that if she didn't that she would then feel bad.  In short, the manager advised that if they honored everyone's gift cards that were not activated then they would be out of business.  She basically was accusing me of trying to use a stolen gift card.   I asked her to please check with the owners to make sure they agree with her decision to do nothing.  She did email the response saying that there is nothing that can be done and oh, very sorry for your loss.  (talk about salt in a wound).A little more background:  We have been a very loyal and regular patron of Valle Luna for as long I can remember, well over 10 years.   On average we spent $1200/year there.  So, we have spent at least $12,000 over the past 10 years.Value of the gift card:  $30Interesting business model employed.  And this coming from a restuarant that has buy one get one meal coupons abundantly.
5	Went here last night for the first time. Excellent service! Our server Ryan checked on us frequently and always made sure we had what we needed. The bus boy Anthony helped with keeping the chips, bean dip, and salsa full. My girlfriend had the fundito and I had the Fajitas. Both were excellent and well priced (even without a coupon). The lake and lighted fountain made for a next scenery while we enjoyed our dinner. Will definitely be returning soon.
4	This has been our favorite Mexican restaurant in town since I can remember! The chips and salsa is fantastic-very fresh salsa. Their appetizers are a good price and generally a great size. I recommend the mini taco basket. Get it half chicken/half beef. They also have a nice red sauce for the enchiladas.A friend of mine did their rehearsal dinner on the patio and had a great time. Nice place for after work dinner or a bigger get together!
4	Love Valle Luna and the margaritas!!!
5	The taco basket on happy hour with the chips, salsa bean dip. Cheapest dinner ever. delicious.
3	This place offers consistently good Mexican Food. However, it is kind of hard to compete in Phoenix. The chips, salsa and bean dip was very good. Chips were served hot to our table. Sadly they were out of salsa verde which is totally my favorite part. I ordered the Port Verde which comes with rice and beans. The sides were spot on but the Pork Verde was a bit bland. My friend ordered a combo plate with a tostada, enchilada and crispy taco. Unfortunately, his instructions had been forgotten and the tostada and taco had ingredients on it that he couldn't eat. Portion sizes are good and the server was pretty attentive.
3	Valle Luna isn't the best, most authentic Mexican food in the land, but it's plenty good enough for those that don't know any better. I've only visited for happy hour, but always leave with a happy tummy after chowing down on spicy chips and salsa, margaritas,and half-priced appetizers.I'm particularly fond of this location because of the sweet lakeside view. Its beauty at sunset combined with the savings from coupons they repeatedly send in the mail are reason enough to return for more.HH is 3-7:30 M-F and 12-6 on Sat. Cheers!
2	Dirty. Alright Valle Luna I feel like it is finally time to speak out. I am sick of defending this establishment to others. I've come here about 100 times over the past decade  and never once has the food ever been bad. Everything has always been tasty, but the lack of effort to keep your restaurant clean is unacceptable. This had to be why your restaurant was given a B rating. I always come here with my girlfriend and every time we come one thing is always guaranteed. That thing is that the plates and silverware on the table are always dirty. I'm not just talking every once in a while. I'm talking about every single time. We go out of our way every time we come to see if you guys finally learned how to clean. Unfortunately every time we are equally disappointed. Finally I came to the realization today while eating some of your food that if this is how your presentation is on the front end side I can only imagine the practices you have on the back end side. Immediately I dropped the food down on the table and felt sick to my stomach. This is completely unacceptable. This isn't a one time thing. This is an every time thing not just every once in a while. I will continue to pass along my message until this issue is fixed. Unfortunately the good food isn't going to be enough anymore to save my view on this restaurant. How hard can it be to clean your dishes?
3	Great burritos and chimis, full of meat, but the chips were soaked with oil. Complained to two different servers and they just shrugged their shoulders and brought more oil soaked chips. Too bad because the dips were great! No manager has ever  visited our table to check on the service and we have eaten there at least 4 times in last two months. Also always seem to have a server who is sick. Makes me uncomfortable to have someone who is coughing serving my food. No place on their website to post complaints w/o emailing them. Survey link on their receipts is discontinued when you type it in. Too bad because overall their food is pretty darned good.
5	Emailed Valle Luna and the owner responded with the results of an in-depth inquiry into what happened at the restaurant. Sounds like an owner who really cares about her business. Very pleased with this response and happy to continue to frequent one of our favorite Mexican food restaurants!
3	Their $5 margaritas are always the perfect start to any night out! Service and cleanliness definitely leaves room for improvement. The bartender we has wasn't very friendly and engaging, and the surrounding tables were filled with crumbs from the chips and salsa. So this isn't exactly where I would spend a good portion of my night, but staying for one or two drinks was fine.
4	Great local place that I don't go to enough.  The food is really good and they have great specials almost everyday.
5	Valle Luna is one of the best Mexican restaurants in the valley! The atmosphere is great and all the employees there are very friendly! I recently discovered jalapeno cream cheese sauce over my shredded beef burrito! Amazing! If you're new to Arizona and you want some good Mexican food go to Valle Luna!
3	Went on a Saturday for HH.  Decent prices...decent food.The cantina was very crowded.  We enjoyed it.  Would definitely go back for Happy Hour.
4	Colleagues from India, UK, NY and locally enjoyed Valle Luna. While no table was promised, a table for 7 overlooking the "Lake" was ready when we arrived.Good authentic margaritas. Abundant chips and salsa with an appetizer of guacamole. Made two ways, one regular and one hot.We chose Fajitas, Chili Relleno, and chicken enchiladas.Larges portions, most (but not all) staff were friendly , and good value.Outdoor seating with view of lake...perfect for the cooler evening.Moment of humor: one colleague ordered a drink of Baileys Irish Cream on ice. Order was met with disbelief. Two people came out to double-check that's what he really wanted. Guess they don't get too many orders for this stuff.PS Can't say how Valle Luna compares with other area Tex-Mex...but infinitely better than anything in NYC.Would return. See pics.
3	When we walked in here it really felt like a chain Mexican restaurant like 3 Margaritas or On The Border.They start off by giving you a big bowl of chips and everyone gets their own little bowls of salsa and refried bean dips. I really enjoyed the dips and think I ate every drop of it.I got the shredded beef chimichanga and I don't remember it wowing me. It tasted fine, but nothing really stood out for me.The service was another thing that was kinda "meh". It felt like we sat there for a really long time before anyone came by to take our drink order and they didn't come by a ton asking if we wanted refills on our margaritas (which were the one thing that was excellent).
3	What do you come here for?  Fantastic frozen margaritas and the patio on the lake.  Other than that, the food is fine and the service lacks.  We hit this place up on a Sunday night about 6p.  We had to wait about 10m and then were seated at booth inside with a view of the lake.  Our server was MIA for a long time and then all of a sudden she almost popped around the side of the booth and asked for drink orders (She never really stopped and stood and talked to us, just popped in and out). At some point a basket of chips with salsa and bean dip came out, which was great because it took FOREVER to get food - we ate every chip! I had the chile relleno, black beans and rice.  It all tasted fine, but it had no spice, good flavor just no heat.  Oh and another thing about heat, it must have sat back there awhile before the waitress could get to it because it was warm-ish.  So it was all fine.  Not bad, not great. A-OK seems about right.  The only thing I can rave about was the frozen margs. They were a perfect amount of slush and booze!  I would have had more if I my waitress gave us more than a couple pop ins!  Oh well, give it try, may you will like it!
3	Good for what it is. Super greasy comfort Mexican food. Service is OK but could be quicker and more attentive. I would probably recommend other Mexican food places over this one most days but its nice on occasion.
4	Always great service. The food is also good and well prepared.  Prices are very reasonable too. I have been here many times with my wife. Chicken or beef enchiladas and flan for desert.
5	The fish tacos and pollo Fundito were awesome.  The view  from our seat looking over the lake was great. The fried ice cream was awesome.
3	Not bad food, but the frozen margaritas are really good.  It may have just been what I ordered (shredded beef tacos) but they could back of on the salt!   All in all, I will go again.
4	4 friends enjoying mexican.  We walked in around 8 o'clock on a Friday night and had no problem getting a table outside.  At first glance, I prob. wouldn't have eaten here.  It was in a strip mall, and really not appealing from the outside.  There was a glow of the red light reading Valle Luna, and neon writing on the glass windows advertisiting the specials and NFL ticket (it's not football season).  Anyway, we had good service and the food was great.Pros:I loved the chips, salsa, and black bean/refried bean dip they gave us for an app.  The portions were HUGE!  I suggest splitting or come prepared to take home.  Outdoor seatingNeat canopy like booths and tables inside, transporting you to another place$20 off $60 couponFajitas were able to come with two different meats for no additional chargeAll food was really hot (temp wise).Cons:One of the frozen margaritas came out not blended.  The fruit was on the bottom, still whole, and the ice and booze was taking up the top of the glass.  Our waitress, Jenni, had no problem bringing a beer in place of the unsatisfactory drink.
4	This place has a great happy hour that lasts till 7:30! Great drink specials and half off of appetizers. I had two drinks and the guacamole,  which was perfect. My server was prompt and attentive even though it was packed in there. I wish there was more patio seating for the bar area. The patio seating for the restaurant was empty but you cant get the bar specials if you sit there.
4	Great happy hour specials.  Great food and yummmmy food. Wednesday has family night specials.
5	Sue had the spinach enchiladas and I had the fajitas. Both meals came out quickly, they were hot, fresh with just enough spices. Our waitress, Erin, was friendly, attentive, and professional. Look for coupons, they always have a BOGO out there. But, be sure you take care of your server and tip on the full amount!
1	This is the place to go for warm beer okay food with nice view. Plus the service is terrible!
1	We went with a group of 9 of us girls.  I requested a "little" bit of sour cream on my tacos and they wanted to charge for a bowl. Really?  Who eats a bowl of sour cream on a taco? I also requested a few peppers and they too wanted to charge for a bowl of them.  My butt would be on fire the next am if I had a bowl if peppers and you want to charge me for the discomfort, good lord!!!...I requested to talk to management... His response was rude and advised me that even if I wanted a dab of sour cream or 1 slice of pepper they would charge for the bowl and to deal with it.  Total charge would have been 4.95.  I sent my entire plate back and said I guess I won't be paying for a dinner then or my margarita.  They could have made 20.00+ off me, but rather made zero.  The manager name is Usiel Molina.  He's rude and seriously should not be in customer service let alone management.  The others were not very pleased with the food.  The only thing this place has going is the patio environment.
4	Ate here with my wife and sister.I'm a big fan of Mexican restaurants, and this place did not disappoint. The chips were served with bean dip and salsa, both of which were good. They stayed on top of refills as well.Ordered the house margarita on the rocks, which was also delicious. Very strong as well, be careful!I had the chicken Chimichanga which was delicious and a generous portion... it was so large but also delicious that I was still full when dinner rolled around the next evening...I also enjoyed the nice lake view. Was not able to sit next to it but added to the atmosphere. Overall would recommend and return.
5	Ate dinner here for my dad's birthday. Service was excellent and so was the food. They serve bean dip and salsa with chips both were very yummy. Their margaritas are excellent. I had a green pork burrito with beans and rice. Everything was super tasty. My daughter had the cheese crisp extravaganza which she loves...has tons of steak and grilled vegetables. Their Polo Fundito is also excellent, the cream cheese sauce is perfect, not too hot. Really didn't have anything bad. Servings are huge so you will have leftovers for lunch the next day!! There is a lovely outdoor patio that would be really nice when the weather is cooler. Will definitely be back soon!!
4	We eat here so that our four year old son can play out by the lake with the ducks. The chicken salad is huge and very good for the price. We usually sit in the bar area for the happy hour prices. The food is normal for mexican. Nothing special but still the best place to go. The only down side. If you want to sit outside, you will be surrounded by ducks. Other than that, a good place to go.
3	I usually go here for business lunches although it's not the best idea due to the slow service. It is not the employees fault though, this place is always understaffed - especially in the bar area and on the bar patio. If you aren't in a rush though and can take your time, bring your patience with you and sit on the bar patio. It is right on a lake and the view is beautiful. I like how the chips and salsa comes out with a couple salsa bowls as well as a bean bowl. That is different from what I've seen at most Mexican food restaurants.  The fajitas are a good choice and are always very flavorful. If you ask for corn tortillas be prepared to wait about 15 minutes for them. Happens to me every single time, even if I ask for them when I place the order. The guacamole is fresh and cold from here. The margaritas kind of suck and have too much mixer in them, but they are cheap so I always order them anyway. This place is great if you have a Mexican food craving,  time on your hands, and aren't picky about your cocktails. The food is always what brings me back.
4	I always have a good experience at Valle Luna. Went there for lunch today and had a great time. The service was good. Our server was friendly and attentive, very on top of things. I have not been disappointed in the food either. I usually try something different every time while the wife always sticks her combination plate.
4	They have corona light, dos equis amber and negra modelo on draught.  The chips and bean dip are really good.  They have really good enchiladas.
5	My favorite place for Mexican food. Relaxed by the lakeI have never been dissatisfied
5	Happy hour is well worth it.   The service was good , my waiter kinda got lost in the crowd ( maybe he can crowd surf).
5	I loved sitting outside (with the misters on!) and enjoying the company of my daughter with delicious food. We were served right away and the restaurant looks clean. Can't wait to take the hubby over!
5	Beautiful view of the water if you sit by the windows or on the patio. They have the best chicken fundido I have ever had! Really good salsa too. Staff is always fast and friendly.
4	We thought we tried out Valle Luna restaurant because we had buy one get one free entree  Worth trip!  The food is excellent, great service unfortunately the air in  part of the restaurant was out but I would definitely come again.
5	Been coming to Valle luna since I was a kid.  Awesome food! Their flower chips are so yummy. Also, great salsa which is important at a Mexican food joint. No complaints on service either! : )
3	Food is about average for Mexican restaurants of the same caliber - Macayos,  Serranos, etc. The atmosphere is what sets this restaurant apart...patio dining with a lake view is fun for the kids or good for romantic evening.
5	Besides being my husbands favorite place, this place is downright delicious! Great prices, great atmosphere, and great service. Even during a rush they manage to make diners feel like it's empty and you have their undivided attention. We look forward to date nights as it's our usual spot!
4	Get their special magaritas.And the free bean dip is amazing...This is my new favorite local joint.As for food not the greatest if you are looking for authentic mexican. And it is not spicy at all....But this is my new spot. Dibbs.
5	I freaking love this place. I went for the first time with a group 2 months ago and every time anyone suggest meeting for dinner or lunch I always suggest here. They have really good enchiladas and you cant beat a $5 margaritas on Fridays.
4	Great homestyle Mexican food. If you like heat, order the pedazos, which are actually considered an appetizer but the serving is so big it can easily be shared. It's this delicious pulled beef/chile combo stuffed inside a giant,  cheesy quesadilla. Heaven. Eat it with the mexicali relish and it's game over. Its the only thing I order. Love the bean dip and chips, too. Service can be a little hectic,  but I've seen most of the waitstaff always just hustling and bustling all around so I think that's why, and I'm fair when taking that into account. Maybe add some staff to take the pressure off? Wait times suck during peak hours (Friday night, for example.)It's certainly not gourmet but it hits *the* spot when you get that naughty-bad-for-you-good-for-the-soul-craving for Mexican food.
4	I always forget this place is here.  It has probably been 15 years since I have visited Valle Luna.  I was looking on my nav system for a new place to take the kids and rediscovered Valle Luna and I am glad I did.It was very busy when we went in, there was an ASU game and the lounge was very boisterous.  The kids enjoyed the view of the lake.I can vouche for the chili verde pork enchiladas and my grill like there ground beef tacos with rice and beans (they said the tacos weren't as good as what mom and dad make though ;) but they ate it all up.  Chips are bean dip are similar to Serrano's and the kids really liked them.
1	Sorry I decided to stop in. Friday happy hour, bad experience.  Cheese  crisp was greasy, wings were old, chewy, and drowning in sauce. My wife had a mango margarita that was too sweet. She tried a different variety that tasted like soap. Waiter (Diego) comped it , thankfully.  When she got home she puked it up. If you want good Mexican, drive on by this dump. Just because the view is good doesn't mean the food is good. I'll never go back.
3	This is a Mexican food restaurant that seems very popular with the Chandler crowd. It serves tacos, burritos, quesadillas, nachos and other typical selections that Americans have come to believe originated south of our border. The food tastes good, but then again, I'm a sucker for most things covered in sour cream and cheese. It's definitely a step closer to legit Mexican food than some other places, but there's really not much here that you can't get anywhere else.I will give a thumbs up on the happy hour. Great deals on appetizers and drinks make it worth the stop if you're in the area. Give it a look see.
4	I have experienced the best of Valle Luna in 3 very different settings; the typical dinner dining, happy hour, and special event.  Those situations get 4, 3 and 5 stars respectively which averages out to a solid 4-stars.The food has been consistent all around.  It's much better than the Mexican drive-thru's, not quite as good as Globe food, but pleasing with no surprises around any corners.  Happy hour and the dining room have completely different atmospheres and service.  The dining room was a typical Mexican food restaurant feel, with decent service. It was quiet and the tall booths make it easy to forget about other tables nearby.  The bar (the only place you can get happy hour deals) is loud, crowded, hectic and has had questionable service.  Not horrendous, but I think the servers are stretched too thin.  Getting refills on drinks that come with free refills seems to be a recurring issue... getting a second beer or margarita is not.  The happy hour appetizer menu is hefty enough to serve as dinner, which makes for a good cheap meal!  I'll put up with the bar environment for 3 tacos for $4.I cannot say enough good things about the private event I attended here...the disclaimer is that I didn't organize it, so I don't know how the back end was.  My future in-laws planned our rehearsal dinner the night before our wedding, and Valle Luna proved to be a perfect venue.  We were out on the patio, right on the water.  It was mid-April so the weather was perfect. The set-up was functional.  Everybody loved the food.  All props to the decorating go to my mother in-law, but Valle Luna was on top of their game with service, ID'ing the appropriate parties, and making the whole event appear seamless to the nervous bride.
1	Had a party for 9 today at lunch. Took 40 mins for our food to arrive. We advised our waiter Harry ahead of time that we were on a work lunch break and if we could get our check with our food. Asked for Togo boxes with our food those never came had to go get them. Our checks were not ready had to wait on. My taco of whole bean rice and lettuce was wrong sent back then still wrong. And for one taco it apparently cost $4.27. When I wanted to changed my form of payment from a card to cash I was snapped at by Harry for messing up his order there were 3 cards there including mine. At no point were we ever apologized too for the late food. A sorry about that would have gone along way. The other girls said the food was good but would never go when your in a hurry.  We were at lunch for a special occasion and it was dampened by the poor services we received!
1	Worst service this year at any restaurant in the valley! Our menu was so dirty it had to pried open.  When asked questions he rolled  his eyes like he didn't car.  Both chip plates where dirty along with our silverware. The server never came back to our table after the kitchen server brought the food.  When he showed with the check he never asked if we wanted desert nor why my plate was untouched!  This place was awful!
5	Red chille Carne is the best. Every Wednesday they have special priced menu where meals are 7.95 and kids eat for 1.50. Such a great deal and it is very filling. The food is always fresh and hot when they sever you. Bean dip and salsa with chips when u first arrive, um I'm good. Definitely recommend this place for any occasion.
5	I ordered the tamale dinner, one of each with refried beans and rice.  The green corn tamale was excellent maybe one of the best.  The filling of the pork tamale was stringy pork, good but too dry.  The masa was great however.  The rice was salty which I enjoyed and the beans were perfect.   It is true, they no longer serve bean dip, and the house salsa is sub par.  Better to ask for hot sauce with the chips.  It was busy, but they did a good job with seating and service.  Would like to go back soon.
1	This was our favorite neighborhood spot. Was. The last two times our service has been so terrible it is unbearable. Over thirty minutes to have our order taken. Longer for drinks to be delivered. And a very annoyed condescending server when we asked questions. There are many places nearby that would be better. We will not be back. So sad to see this place slide into decline.
2	We have eaten here many times before but this time we ordered the taco baskets.  My wife bit into one of the tacos and bit into a 3" wood stick. She called and spoke to the Manager to explained what happened and all the Manager could say is that they use them to cook the meat and they should have taken it out. She didn't even offer to comp the meal. Be careful and check your tacos before you bite into them because you could choke or lose a tooth. See attached photo of stick.
4	A great traditional Mexican restaurant.  5 star decor and views of an older Dobson Ranch lake area.  Service was 5 star.  2 or 3 combo deals Mex and Match are a good deal.   The tortilla soup is the best secret.   Get it as your side.  Ground beef burrito was just ok.  It was bland, even as I ordered enchilada style, I wish it had more sauce and cheese.   Cilantro lime dressing was weak on the salad switched to cilantro ranch.  The kids combo is huge.  Kids bean burro was small.  Side of fruit was just grapes.
4	Came here earlier for week day lunch special.  I ordered chicken burrito with green chili source and requested to put the cheese aside instead of on top of the burrito (it overruns the Green chili flavor). I chose the whole bento bean instead of refried bean for healthier reason. It was a great delightful lunch!
4	Here for lunch during week day. I ordered chicken burrito lunch special with green Chilli source. I asked to put the cheese aside not on top of the burrito so it doesn't overrun the Chilli source flavor. Also asked for the whole bento bean instead of refried. It was a delightful lunch! Didn't touch the cheese at all.
4	We went to the bar and our bartender was one of the best servers I have ever experienced. He was very attentive and friendly. Shrimp tacos where delish, cod in the grilled fish tacos not as good. Atmosphere was fun and friendly and festive. I will definitely be back.
1	If there was a zero star option I would choose it!  They messed up tacos, how can a Mexican place mess up tacos??? The service was very slow and snarky. I don't think I would come back here again!!!
3	Came to lunch with on my coworkers that I have not seen in a long time.  We sat in the patio due to nice sweet weather.  The patio tables and chairs are a little dirty.  Service was super slow.  Had to get the server's attention a few times for refills.  The food was ok and little bland.  =(
