5	My family has a long history with the town of Wickenburg, but that is not why the Horseshoe Cafe got my five stars....oh no....they earned every single one of them. Let's break it down, shall we?One star: Reasonable PricesClarice is right - you can get a hearty breakfast or lunch for a group of 4 and only be 30-35 dollars lighter when you leave.Two stars: Variety of Vittles AvailableOmelets? you got 'em. Breakfast burritos? You got 'em. Biscuits and Gravy? You got 'em. I think you get the pictureThree stars: Portions are LARGEWe went in for breakfast and I ordered a half order of the biscuits and gravy, with two scrambled eggs. That half order covered a plate the size of a turkey platter. Try the quarter order if you aren't ravenous. It's not on the menu, but they will accommodate your request with a smile.Four stars: Local FlavorThis cafe is definitely a favorite of the locals. We arrived early, but by 9AM, every seat in the place was occupied. There was teasing and humorous banter between the wait staff and the customers, and between the customers themselves. Norm had his Cheers. Wickenburg has it's Horseshoe Cafe.Five stars: Service, Service, ServiceThere was one waitress, hostess, and all around caretaker handling all the seats in the house. Deb Thompson knows how to work a room and can whip out the one liners better than Chris Rock taking on a heckler. She exudes warmth and comfort, and the cafe was full of happy people as a result.
5	There is a reason why this was voted as the best place to stop on a road trip by AZ Highway magazine.  Deb the owner is great and takes you back to a time where things were a little slower and personable.There is nothing on the menu that you could go wrong with but the "El Burro" is definitely a favorite when I'm not in the mood for the world-class biscuits and gravy...and yes when she says you really should order the half-portion, she means it.
4	Good food, friendly staff and really fun western atmosphere, what more can you ask for?  The menu is just what you expect in a little diner all the basics with no real surprises.  My wife and I stopped in for breakfast on our way up to Prescott on a Sunday.  The tables were about half full and everybody seemed very laid back.  We both ordered omelets, hers with ham, onions and jalapenos and mine with chorizo, jalapenos and onions.   The omelets come with cheese, hash browns and choice of bread (toast, muffin or biscuit).  My wife didn't want any bread so I got her biscuit too and I ordered some of the home made sausage gravy for them.  Everything was made fast and tasted delicious.  We both left very full and happy.  Our total bill (with two coffees) was about $20.  Definitely worth stopping in when your in Wickenburg.
5	Highly recommend anyone that is going through Wickenburg to give this place a try.  It is only open from 5 am - 2pm (breakfast & lunch) but holy cow it's good.  I had the 1/2 order of biscuits and gravy and YES it was enough for even me.  I don't know who in the hell would be able to eat a full order.  The gravy sauce is magical and addicting.  My wife loved the french toast too.  Again, if you find yourself anywhere near this place GO GO GO!!!
5	Great food Awesome Biscuits and Gravy,They are the best we have EVER had, We wish We lived closer because we would go to the horseshoe cafe all the time
3	Great little breakfast stop in Wickenburg, AZ. The staff are super friendly and helpful--giving you tips our where to go in Wickenburg.I had the omelet with spicy home fries--it was our typical diner style breakfast with coffee. My boyfriend had the biscuits and gravy and could not get enough. If you are in the neighbor stop in of your are craving the best biscuits and gravy. If you are looking for other options for breakfast you may want to keep looking.
5	This is the real deal, worthy of a drive back from Vegas. The Biscuits and gravy are not to be missed, huge portion, ask for half order and share with four people. Everything was great quality, the atmosphere was cute country, and the service was fantastic.This is a gem in Arizona, don't miss it.
5	My wife and I were driving from Tucson to Las Vegas early in the day and looking for somewhere for breakfast. In a small town Yelp showed us a few three and two and a half star choices and the Horseshoe Cafe with nearly five stars, so we tried it.We ordered a half a biscuits and gravy, which was HUGE and delicious, scrambled eggs with cheese and ham, home fries, toast, and chicken soup. It was all outstanding. The biscuits and gravy were the best I have ever had.I am looking forward to our next reason to visit Wickenburg so we can go back to the Horseshoe Cafe.
4	Friendly staff and yummy down home food. Fun atmosphere- overall a really nice place that makes you feel welcome as soon as you come in- and the staff are really helpful if you want to know more about the area.
5	Good food at reasonable prices with xlnt service.  I wanted to eat hereafter  reading all the good reviews online and was not disappointed.Wickenburg was always a rest stop before the completion of I-10.With all the construction on I-10, a leisurely drive along Hwy 60 with astop at the Horseshoe Cafe would brighten your day.Sam PinterpeHuntington Beach, CA
4	This place was very charming. The service was excellent and the food was equally delicious. I got eggs and homefries which were very good and French toast that was awesome. My husband ordered a half order of buiscuts and  gravy and it was a full meal for him. Horseshoe cafe was a great value. This was a good stop for breakfast and I look forward to coming back.
4	My daughter and I drove up to meet my in-laws in Wickenburg. I saw the other reviews and thought it'd be a great place to check out. When you first walk into this place, you assume it's a "biker only" establishment. Not at all. One thing that stood out was the great hospitality. Our server was an older woman who treated us like guests in her home. My meal: eggs over easy, sausage, toast, french toast, and most importantly.....spicy jalapeno potatoes. Those potatoes rocked! The sausage was great too. Everything else was pretty average for a country kitchen. My daughter had their special muffin which was the most amazing blend of carrot cake and spice cake with raisins. DELICIOUS!!!! It was huge and had that great crust with a super fluffy inside. The prices were higher than I would've guessed off hand, but it's not a Denny's, this is good country cookin'. I can't wait to go back.
4	As good as advertized. The biscuits and gravy are very well done, with large chunks of sausage mixed in for an added treat. I had them as a side to their house omelet with flank steak and peppers which was pretty good itself.
5	LOVE this place!  Small town breakfast and lunch joynt featured in Arizona Highways a few years back.  Everything we've had here was fantastic, and we just keep going back.  The pancakes are absolutely delicious, and the biscuits and gravy?  Oh Em Gee.  1/2 order is enough for my hubby and I to share (and STILL have some for take home), and he gets an omelet and I get a Barrel Racer.  And Dot, the owner, is a small, red-haired cowgirl who knows how to treat her customers.  FIVE STARS.  No, really.
2	They don't serve breakfast after a certain time... Kinda turned me away... Their menu is very basic as well... One thing that reallly set me off was I came in from a road trip for Phoenix with my husband and daughter expecting to get a nice warm big meal and a nice family brunch on a Sunday...  We walked in and it was packed so we expected to wait a bit for a table... The lady tells me "Around here we're not strangers to anyone and we sit together." and than walks us to the back and puts us next to an older man eating his lunch... Kinda ticked me off because, I have a one year old and she likes to sing, play,and, be loud and I didn't want to be rude and they would not move us. I didn't want to eat in front of a stranger either or have to limit my conversation over lunch because, we were sat with a stranger... Needless to say I paid for our drinks and went to the mexican joint across the street and I wll not be coming back. I was also appalled by the way my 2.00 drink was served.. A can and a cup of ice REAALLY!?!?!?!!?
4	Best omelet in town, interesting people but fun no matter what. Slow food but worth the wait.. A++ recommended
4	Traveled to AZ over this past weekend to participate in the Ragnar Relay Seies from Wickenburg to Tempe.  Our team was in the second van and since we had a couple of hours to kill before we were running, we decided to find a local place for b'fast.A search of Yelp brought up this place and we quickly made our way over.  seated quickly by a smiling waitress this is definately a no frill diner.  WHen I asked if they had fruit I was told "Honey this is a greasey spoon diner...fruit is the furthest thing from the menu...".  However they did have egg whites and were able to make me a kick ass omlette that fueled my runs later that day.   Their home fries are also awesome but the homemade ones with Jalepenos were a bit spicy for my taste.  The rest of the group got burritos and all raved about the combinations.Had heard that the buscuits and gravey were what people come here for but I was unsure that it would sit in my stomach ok so I passed.  It looked popular as many of the other patrons were happily enjoying them.Great food and  find in AZ and if I am ever in the area again this is the place I will be going for b'fast
4	Found this place while searching for a new dinner spot the night before. On our way home to So Cal thought we would try the Biscuits and Gravy other yelpers were talking about. It was a nice Monday morning we we walked in and grabbed a seat. We ordered the 1/2 order each and coffee. First thing that caught my eye was how big a 1/2 order is ! And the next thing which I like is it was served smoking hot not luke warm. (Why is that so hard to do I don't understand but other places don't get it ) We both really liked the taste of everything, biscuit,gravy and sausage ! We scanned over the menu and would stop here again to try other choices for breakfast and lunch. Also friendly service makes it all the better too!
5	I went there with my siblings- we love breakfast and are picky.  This place is fantastic!  Homemade stuff, great staff, clean, fantastic.
3	We've been here on two occasions prior to this visit. The two prior visits were good, but this one was something right out of a fricking Twilight Zone episode. When we got there, there was this weird, distressed vibe in the air. Maybe it was us. Most definitely not. I, again, wanted pancakes, and again, didn't do it because there's no real Maple Syrup. Snob, I get it. I agree. One you go real, you'll nevah go back. Oh wait. Damn ADD. So we're sipping our coffee, and apple juice and we hear this conversation at the table begin, and it was loud. It grew increasingly louder to the point where I found it necessary to turn around to tell them to quit all that hollerin'. It was the owners. And their son. In a heated discussion about custody of a child, a CPS, and all kinds of fantastical things like that. My gf and I did the awkward shuffle in the seat, stare at each other pretending to be talking, but really eavesdropping, I mean, gathering solid intel on the situation. Call me nosy. You'd do it too. That's another thing; the seats suck. They're old. And the cushions need to be replaced because the foam is gone from inside of the cushions. After getting our food, our server shut the restaurant down at the owners direction. They said something in the back broke, but the server couldn't tell us what. Odd.  The food. The food is solid. Biscuits and gravy are bomb. Eggs were off on this occasion, but on for the other 2 visits. Chicken Fried Steak is delish, and the hash browns done crispy were fantastic also. I'm sure we'll be back. It's good. It's cheap. And the people watching and eavesdropping is top notch.
5	My wife and I rode our motorcycles up from Peoria early Saturday morning.  Excellent service, excellent food: biscuits/gravy and the Header omelet with chorizo.  Worth eating there on every opportunity.
5	Stop here every trip to Vegas. Love the pancakes so much we don't try anything else. The people are great.  You feel like and are treated like a regular. Wish all cafes were as enjoyable as the Horseshoe!
4	I've always taken pride in my sausage gravy, my family and friends say mine is the best they've ever had. But I have to say, Horseshoe Cafe's sets the bar. It's a  little place and the staff provides the entertainment , all you have to do is just sit back and watch, true western redneck style hospitality. The portions are perfect for the price except the biscuits and gravy, a 1/2 order is enough for 2 people and we have yet to be disappointed; in fact we ride our bikes there at least once a month just for the gravy. Yup, it's that good! And they are biker friendly.
5	Went for a little day trip with the girlfriend to lake pleasant a couple of weeks ago.  After our adventure we decided to head into wickenburg for some lunch.  We stopped into horseshoe cafe about 20 min before closing time and were greeted with warm welcome by the friendly and comical staff.  I had the biscuits and sausage gravy and let me just say it was amazing!!!  I am pretty picky when it comes to this delicious breakfast comfort food and I rank it up there with the best.  The GF had a patty melt which looked delicious and according to her was pretty darn good.   All in all we had a delicious meal and sat there for some time after just conversing with the few regulars that were in there and the staff that so graciously served us at the last minute.  Whenever I find myself in the area I will be back!!!  I highly recommend you check it out and treat yourself to a great inexpensive meal and enjoy some fantastic conversation with the folks that work and eat there.
1	8 of us thought we would try this placeMISTAKE!! 4 got chef salads & they were TINY ppl were trying to scrape every Lil morsel off the plateworst  part was a chicken finger plate NINE DOLLARS & we got a 3 yes THREE fingers each the size if your index finger & they cut them in half lengthwise to make it look like more----9 BUCK FOR 3 TINY CHICKEN FINGERS????  Deb (i guess is the owner cause her name is on her personal parking spot outside ) YOU JUST LOST 8 MORE CUSTOMERS  cause we had to stop at MC Donald's on the way home after we left there~ every one was still hungry
4	Dragnet and I hopped on the motorcycle for an afternoon ride. We found ourselves up in Wickenburg, and wasn't sure where to eat.  I've been through Wickenburg many times, on my way to Vegas. The only times I have stopped, have been at Denny's to use the facilities. ;) We decided to drop in here, after walking up and down the main street reading menu's. The food was great, the owners were really sweet, they kept making sure all of the customers had everything they needed. Locals eat here, so thats a great sign. I ordered the biscuts and gravy - HUGE plate!!! It had to be one of the best recipes I have had. Made from scratch, very filling. We actually got there right before they closed. They didn't turn us away, and like I mentioned, the food tasted fresh, not like it was the bottom of the pot, end of the day gravy. Check them out, support local business owners. Overall, I would and will eat there again.  There it is Yelp. A great business to select as my final review.
4	Service was friendly and courteous. Breakfast was great!
5	A friend and I decided to take a ride out to Wickenburg for breakfast this morning.  Luckily for us, I chose the Horseshoe Cafe - it was fantastic!  The atmosphere is what you would expect from a small town cafe - laid-back, cozy, and friendly.  Also, very biker friendly, which is always a plus for me, but I would also have no qualms about coming back with my kids.  First off, I cannot emphasize enough how super friendly the staff was.  They went above and beyond, completely out of their way to make sure I could take my leftovers home.  I don't have saddlebags on my bike, but they wrapped them extremely well (inside a box, then a ziploc bag, then a plastic grocery bag) and then fashioned a tie down out of plastic wrap - no joke!  Tied the box onto my rear seat and made it all the way back to Phoenix without it budging at all!  I hope they read this and know that it worked and my leftovers are currently tucked safely into my fridge!While the friendliness/helpfulness of staff (or lack thereof) can make or break a restaurant and the staff at Horseshoe definitely makes it, the food is equally as important.  Horsehoe Cafe was certainly not lacking in this respect!  The flavor was amazing and the portions were ridiculously large (hence the need to tie down my leftovers).  I ordered an omelet with ham, mushrooms, and cheese, hashbrowns, and a half order of biscuits and gravy.  One of the reasons I chose Horseshoe Cafe is because I heard they have the best biscuits and gravy ever.  That is not an exaggeration - they were amazing!!!  My friend ordered a short stack of pancakes and a side of bacon.  Many thanks to the waitress who informed her she may just want one pancake because they are huge - this was seriously the biggest pancake I've ever seen.  All in all, Horseshoe Cafe is worth the trip.  Do not pass through Wickenburg without a stop here - you won't regret it!
5	Great breakfast -- I cleaned my plate, which I never do!  The home fries with jalapenos were really good, and the biscuits and gravy were amazing.  Fast and friendly service, too.  They have early-closing summer hours, so be aware.
5	We drive all the way from Phoenix to eat here!!  Best Chicken Fries Steak in the west!
5	Best breakfast in the area and cheep. I had to stay in Wickenburg for a week for the Meadows, and had breakfast each day. The pancakes are to die for. You cannot even eat one. The ham is excellent. The eggs and hashborns are great. All with a great family atmosphere and great service.
5	There are no better biscuits and gravy anywhere!!!  Great ham steak too.  We eat here multiple times and each time its awesome!
5	Stayed in Wickenburg for the night and searched yelp for somewhere to eat and I found this place.  The food was bomb! I had a breakfast plate with eggs, bacon and potatoes and a side of biscuits and gravy. Everything was cooked to perfection! The gravy had sausage bites. I highly recommend this place!
2	Food was okay. Atmosphere was quaint. Can only speak for the ladies but if you have to potty you may wish to go somewhere else. As for the service, it was awesome.
1	Stsy away from.the ruban. Paper thin  corned beef and little of it. Service was fine. Place is a little on the greasy side
4	Stopped on way back to So Cal this morning, I got the 1/2 order Biscuits and Gravy and my wife got 1 Huge pancake. It really hit the spot ! Good food, friendly service ,quick service too !
5	This place is AMAZING!! From the second we walked in the door we were hooked! The cute owner lady was busting her butt and having a blast the whole time. She even found time to make fun of my biker cousin for asking for flavored coffee creamer. Then everyone sang happy bday to what was obviously a reg. customer. Now about the food! OUT-OF-CONTROL!!! Fresh, thick, chunky sausage gravy that my gma would make. I could cut the steak with a fork and my taters were definitely never frozen. The biscuits were fresh and home made, no cutting corners there. I also tried my friends French toast and that was coked perfectly. I only wish I didn't live an hour away but we will being going there every chance we get. This place is everything you want in your breakfast. I didn't actually taste the breakfast burrito but it did walk by me and I almost grabbed it off the plate. It looked so good. To the person that complained about the bathroom....really? It was clean and had a toilet...what more do you need? I guess this place isn't for everyone but that's fine, more room for me and my friends lol.
4	This place was fantabulous , the food was great, service gets a 4.5 and the price is awesome for the amount of food one gets. The Horseshoe Cafe is a true hidden Gem in the smack-dab- middle of Wickenburg ,AZ and the best thing is the bathroom facilities were the best I've ever seen in all my years of travel . We will go back for sure!
5	Great place to eat!  Had the Header omlet with ham, red pepper, green pepper and country potatoes. I also had raisin toast that was great. Best part was you could substitute the bread for biscuits and gravy. Wife gave it a run and she couldn't finish! It was delicious! Definitely going back next time we're in town! Staff was awesome and hilarious!
4	Just had there grill chicken sandwich, it was amazing. Similar to a grilled cheese with grilled chicken in it I loved it. Very friendly staff even the cook offered to get us more to drink, the staff was very attentive. I would have given it 5 stars but there was one too many flies in the establishment but don't let that stop you from going there for good food. Ps get there early they close at 1 pm
5	This place is pretty remarkable. The owner is here most weekends and she is this hysterical biker lady. It appears to be a family run business and that is probably why the service is pretty good.The place is generally full of bikers on their way through town for a weekend ride. There is a lot of laughter from both the staff and the folks who are eating. The cook is particularly funny.My favorite item on the menu is the Horshoe omelette. It is top with some blend sour cream and salsa. I've never tasted an omelette quite like it and it's what keeps me coming back :-)
5	I am an Arizona native but love finding new places. My family, friends and I rolled in and it was awesome. Everyone is so friendly and the food is amazing. It's a fun  experience because everyone talks to each other and waitress definitely puts on a show. If you don't mind waiting for your food and don't mind spending a little bit of extra money this is an awesome place to check out.
5	Best damn biscuits and gravey I have ever had. 1/2 order is more than enough. Portions are hugh, prices reasonable.  Will drive the 35 min up here for breakfast again.
1	UGH! Who the heck wrote all these rave reviews??? Ok, so it was a "cute" biker cafe. She servers were friendly, but good grief, the food was TERRIBLE and the restaurant was sticky and dirty and old... I had the biscuits and gravy which was like eating 2 bricks covered in cement. My brother in law had the BLT and never did get any ketchup for his fries. The ranch tasted like tarter sauce. My husband got the 1/2 order french toast which was a measly 2 pieces of toast... The table was sticky, the floors were sticky. The bathroom was gross. The highchair was disgusting and the straps didnt have clasps. I ordered a scrambled egg for my toddler, which was barely cooked all the way. Just all around horrible.
4	Myself and three friends rode our motorcycles up to Wickenburg and had a wonderful breakfast at the Horseshoe. Biscuits and gravy were great. Omelets also delicious. The service was friendly and prompt. Prices were very fair and each serving was generous.We will be going back.
5	Great food, especially their breakfast.Fast service and friendly people. We always stop here on the way to Las Vegas. The interior is decorated really cute with a western theme. I had the way out west breakfast and I don't know how they make your eggs so good but they are the best eggs ever. My husband had the corn beef and hash with scrambled eggs and he loved them. Great food, great service, what else can you ask for? Will be back.
5	A great little dive restaurant in a little dive town.  The staff was super friendly and helped me with the menu and had some great recommendations.I got the horseshoe omelete w/ 1/4 biscuits and gravy instead of toast AND a single pancake because the waitress told me they were HUGE.  She didn't think i'd be able to eat it all... I did. And yes, she was impressed.It was a little pricey in the end, but I did order quite a bit of food and the portions were very generous, so I'm not going to complain.  If I'm ever in the area again, I'll definitely be going back,
2	The service was fast, friendly, and efficient. Unfortunately I can't give glowing reports about the food. I had breakfast there mid-morning on a weekday, so the place was only about half full. The order came promptly, but the french toast (which has gotten rave reviews) was flat and half burnt, my egg over easy was runny, and the sausage patties were hard and dry. If not palatable, it was at least edible, with good table syrup.Overall, I would rate this place a C-.
4	We loved it here! The food was amazing, it came out so fast, and our waitress was the sweetest lady ever.
5	Been there twice for breakfast.  Great food, great wait staff, great atmosphere.   Will  go back many times.
4	rode our motorcycles to Wickenburg with friends for breakfast. The cafe quite busy mid morning which is always a good sign. Service is very friendly and prompt. Overall we enjoyed our experience
