2	ONE? Just one Whole Foods in all of Nevada and so darn far from the strip, and Henderson and Lake Las Vegas and well everything. But that's not why there are 2 stars.  Nope, instead of Whole Foods, followign the trek to get there, I have foudn Wild Oats which is similar in style to Whole Foods but not as ridiculously expensive.  Odwalla bars just $1.39. This store has what every Whole Foods has and looks the same except its staff here looks quite a bit more clean shaven then its Bay Area counterparts, a reflection of this red state I supose.  If you are close, then go for it, but otherwise, Wild Oats is my new friend.
5	Oh my!  I love Whole Foods, or Whole Paycheck as we call it, for its vast selection of happy produce, earth-friendly products, vegan foodstuffs, and other pricey delights.  I've been to many Whole Paycheck locations in Northern and Southern California, and this one blows them all away.  It is truly palatial, with wide isles and uncrammed shelves.  The vitamin section was nearly as large as the entire store where I normally shop!One of my favorite gifts to get for the gourmand who has everything is some fancy salts; this location had an entire shelf dedicated to expensive, uncommon salts.  There is an Asian deli with soba and sushi.  There is a bakery and a sandwich station; these all ring the traditional deli.  Don't get me wrong: the deli is pricey.  But the price-tag is by weight.  My sesame tofu was $7.99 per pound, but the five sticks plus sauce I got came to $3.60.  My fireworks coleslaw (yay vegan coleslaw) was $5.99 per pound but the small I ordered came to $1.14.They also carried my favorite beverage of all time, young coconut juice in the coconut, and the tops had been capped so you could just pop in a straw!This is the only place I know of (besides Amazon) where I can buy my herbal galactogogue and the environmentally friendly diapers I use for my daughter.This, the nicest Whole Foods I've every been to, is nestled amongst block after block of upscale shopping.  It shared its lot with Pier One and Sharper Image.  There is a Target across the street as well as a Vons, where you can buy your paper towels and other basics without paying Whole Paycheck's markups.PS: Whole Foods has a much larger selection than Wild Oats, which is why I prefer it.  There is a second location in Henderson (100 S. Green Valley Parkway).
5	I wish I could take this particular Whole Foods store home with me!  They have excellent wheat-free desserts (it's hard to come by ANY wheat-free desserts at the Whole Foods in my hometown).  They have an amazing array of health and beauty products by companies like Burt's Bees.  They even had a display of earth-friendly shoes when we were there, as well as jewelry and feng shui charms and the like.  They had everything on our shopping list--much as I love the Whole Foods where I live, I usually have to go home without a few things that were out of stock due to poor planning on the part of the store.The cafe is spacious and clean, also unlike the WF near where I live.  AND the store  was less crowded!  I understand that this is the only WF in Vegas, which is a much bigger city than the one I'm from; I was amazed and happy not to have to engage in the usual people-dodging.This is an excellent store, judging by my first impression.  If I get to go back there, I hope I won't have to change this review a bit.  :)
1	This place sucks. See my review for Trader Joe's. Not that the food here isn't nice, because it is....but the prices are offensive! I'm serious...this company obviously loves money more than it loves food, or people, if you see my meaning, which not the feeling you get at Trader Joe's. They propagate the fallacy that healthy food is necessarily a privilege. Screw that. I can afford to shop there, but I won't. They don't pay their people enough to afford to shop there, either, I asked a couple employees if they bought their food there, and they said couldn't afford to. So that's a real sign of a parasite company...I don't care if they are wearing Birkenstocks.
5	Yes. This place is expensive. But it depends on what you get and how you spend your money. You also get quality ingredients that Trader Joe's or Sunflower may not carry. It's ok you can hate on this place all you want. But in reality...if most people had the money or this were Albertson's prices....then it would be ON! What I like about this place....it's like Nordstrom's. Don't like it - take it back. I don't drink milk. Unless with chocolate. They have this great organic milk in GLASS! How 50s is that? Also if you are trying to get a quick lunch or have dinner without having to go wait in line at a restaurant....great place to go. They carry food from the Border Grill & they cook it there too. From prime rib, sushi, soups, chili, stews, etc. They carry things that only you see on Food Network! Guys! Great for dates. You can get exotic flowers here....and gourmet foods, picnic stuff....THINK ABOUT IT!BTW there's a new one in Henderson on Green Valley Parkway.
5	I love the burritos at this locatioin in particular.  Carnitas!  Black beans!Plus, one time I heard them playing "Back that Ass up"-  Only in a Vegas Whole Foods.  My husband also noticed that this is the Whole Foods with the best looking people (compared to the ones we've been to in CA and in TX).  SO go on with your glamour wholeselves!
5	Hands down this is my favorite place to grocery shop. Expensive, yes. Moving on. Buffet good. Selection good. Location good. For me. Employees are all hot. I want to work here simply because I think it will up my hot factor and social worth. I love how everyone has peircings and tats and dresses on the rock side of trendy and not the goth-emo side. Kidding. The employees are all so down to earth and willing to help. And hot. I get excited to go here. For a while it was a routine to work out at the 24-Hour Fitness down the road on Sahara and pop up to Whole Foods for some grub. The buffet is freakin' amazing. The whole thing about their CEO being a psychopath is kind of disheartening, but I'm willing to look past that toward brighter futures. By the way, The Whole Foods Empire will probably take over Wild Oats soon. Sorry guys ... I love the architecture of this place. It has good feng shui and is really spacious unlike other health food markets ... ahem. I don't feel clausterphobic. Some of my favorite things: the Triple Creme brie, St. Augurs blue, olive bar good for antipasto and martinis, Tuscan Three Cheese Kettle Chips, and brown paper packages tied up in strings. These are a few of ... oh.Free wi-fi! * off the strip, non-casino
5	Despite what many may think or say, I love Whole Foods! In fact, that's the only grocery store that I frequent. I try to be health and environment conscious and Whole Foods fits right in with my philosophy. It carries good, "whole" foods in addition to many ethnic cuisines and ethnic dishes. Their hot food section is wonderful, and I usually wind up getting a full box of it to go. Their vegetarian options are rivaled by few; I love their "New Age" part of the store with soy candles and clothing and shoes, I wish that this section was larger, but as it stands, it still has a great selection. I recommend checking out jewelry made by poor individuals in co-ops around the world--some of it is breathtaking.The medicinal aisles are amazing. Homeopathy and aromatherapy as well as a variety of holistic medicinals are represented here.I will never stop attending Whole Foods. I do wish that the location was larger and that there was another one closer to my house in SW part of the valley. But, overall, Whole Foods is by far my favorite market.
2	It's a Whole Foods. The concept of real food or that it's really, really expensive may still be stunning for native Nevadans who haven't left the state in a while.This one gets +1 for having free wifi, and -1 for not having public outlets for you to plug in. This I find to be truly evocative of everything about the Whole Foods experience.
3	Only the food-obsessed on a mission goes to a Whole Foods on vacation.  While my sis-in-law had to go get a gift for my mother-in-law, I volunteered hubby to take me our for healthy brunch items.  Organic fruit.   A spinach quiche worthy of Popeye.  Bagels for the salmon we toted from Seattle.  We also got to grab some other items, like teething biscuits for our nephew.  Flowers for mom-in-law.  Probiotics to ward off the germs we've accumulated from our trip.  Fun.My main mission was to bag a corn-syrup free pecan pie for my father-in-law.  I was surprised that they didn't have a family-sized pie in the bakery.  Fruit pies, yes.  Pecan, no.  They didn't have a huge selection, possibly because they share space with the juice/coffee bar.  Instead, I had to raid their freezer section for something larger than a 4" tart.   The only thing that tempered my disappointment was that there were tiny banana cream pie bites topped with whipped cream and chocolate shavings.  The things I do to ease the pain.
3	I discovered there is a Fellini reality show filming in Vegas!  It was at Whole Foods when I was there!  I could not see the cameras or crew but I know that they were hard at work filming.  I know this because there is no other explanation for the menagerie of humanity I saw paraded before me while I enjoyed my prepared foods & free wifi.  (did not enjoy the Udon, btw, not great, you should skip it).Among the wonderfunkfull assortment were:-a couple with the largest height discrepancy I have ever seen.  He had to be 6'10 or more and she was perhaps 4'6'' in heels.-the tallest woman I have ever seen (qualified-the tallest woman that was not formerly a dude) easily 6'9"-Mr. Universe wannabe and well on the way in a spaghetti string tank top over shoulders about 4 feet across.  Tree trunk-veiny arms in need of a quick anointment with some Extra Virgin Olive Oil to complete the prep for the posing competition.-A woman with the largest rack I have ever witnessed.  I'm talking I felt sorry for her and was afraid one of those things was going to break loose and take out a check-stand.-It goes without saying the usual tattoo and piercing crowd at this location.While I have mixed feelings about The Food Whole I do continue to shop here from time to time.  Mostly when I just want to hit the prepared food buffet & sit down with the laptop for a little while.  I frequent this location when I'm in Vegas on business and I don't have dinner plans.  I'm simultaneously attracted and repelled by this chain.  The freak show didn't change that a bit.
2	Whole Foods represents more than high quality food, it also represents great service.  Unfortunately, this WF doesn't stack up.   BOO!1 STAR for a huge location and neat and organized store. 1 STAR for having an OK selection of cheeses - but could be better. -3 STARS for POOR POOR POOR service.  The folks at the bakery, cheese counter and check out are terribly unfriendly, not service conscious, and poor at making suggestions.  Whole Foods is for people who are ingredient conscious, highly selective, and willing to pay the price - at least staff with people who can cater to this crowd in the specialty sections!!!  Parking is competitive and crowded at this lot.Only shop here if you know what you are looking for...
3	I've never lived in such close proximity to Whole Foods, I was used to battling traffic to drive across town to pay for organic food. A couple of miles is ideal. I am a fan of the store but the vitamin sections surpasses other departments in my opinion. I'm the queen of supplements. Sunflower market on Rainbow can give them a run for their money though. A bit on the high end for me right now but still a fave. Sad the company bought Wild Oats because the more variety the better for the consumer.I would think during these economic times they might cater  a bit to consumers like other health food chains have but no such luck. I plan to edit this post later after a new shopping trip to give a better review in all fairness since I haven't shopped there in a few months.
3	This market has so many items to choose from. There is a food court inside that serves some pretty fresh good food. Everything in the store is either organic or natural and the prices reflect it. The service is good and the whole decor is very pleasant.
4	It is known that Whole Foods is way overpriced, however, I want to focus this review on the hot and cold food bar. The keyword here is "Variety!!" They have soups, grain bar, salads, hot foods, and so much more. The food is delicious. I especially love their hummus and pita bread. On Wednesdays, the food bar is two dollars cheaper/a pound than other days. I've only had good experiences here..so check it out, even if it is pricey.
4	Thank you thank ya thank ya WFM! You saved me from the estimated 10 lbs that I could have gained eating everything in sight on THE STRIP. Most of the stuff I bought was prepared foods or cut up fruit. So I can't really comment on their lack of items for the pantry, etc. Since I was staying at my friends house and didn't want to worry about using all their stuff to cook. Right now I live in Vista/Oceanside, CA so I was so so glad to get to eat at WFM again. Loaded up on culinary flashbacks to my time in Boulder with the Sweet Chilli Grilled Tofu, Nola Beet Salad, Tea's Tea, Smoked Mozzarella Pasta Salad and don't forget the Sushi!! Highlight was at checkout I realized they sell Vosgues (http://www.vosgeschocolate.com/) chocolate bars!! OMg so last year I tried to order some Vosgues chocolate online for my mom's Mothers Day present. Then at checkout they only allow you to do overnight or 1 day shipping which ended up costing 2x more than the chocolate. So I had to cancel the order and send my mom's some Godiva. So sad. But I totally forgot that Vosgues had a shop in Las Vegas. So I got my moms 4 mini bars @ $2.99 each. Can't wait to eat the Bacon + Sea Salt bar. If there's anything better than that then I don't know what it is.
5	Having to be here for work for a couple months, it was nice to have a Whole Foods 10 minutes away for some healthy food.Eventhough my company pays for my meals, the thought of eating out everyday sounded really unhealthy and I didn't want to break my new year's resolution of getting back into shape (also seeing all those fat white trash tourists around town is good motivation in itself).I love their hot and cold bar, and their vegan bar is really delicious and I am not a vegan or vegetarian.  They also have a huge selection of juices and health drinks.  I was surprised to see a huge selection of wines and beers that rivals any liquor store downtown (and they have a better quality selection).I don't know why, but it seems like all Whole Foods stores has rather mediocre sushi no matter which state you are in.  They never seem to season their rice properly -- it's merely plain straight up steamed rice.It's a real blessing that Vegas has a few quality grocery stores like Whole Foods, as good healthy food is hard to find here in sin city.
3	Whole Foods is a great place to shop for organics and healthy alternatives.  I love everything that they sell, but what I rave about when it comes to their deli counter is the cranberry tuna.  I love it!It's a must try when you have time.
5	Who ever said eating organic is expensive is totally wrong.  I've seen the same organic brands at other supermarkets, such as Alberstons, for much more.  Whole foods just seems more expensive because they do not carry preservative filled, chemically enhanced products.  They have dry-aged beef that is made at the market. Wow, it's definitely a treat for us. I love their salad/hot bar.  Everything is delicious and fresh.  Wednesdays deals are the best for these items because it's $5.99/lb. I would say the best items in terms of taste and value are their custom sandwiches.  I usually have to share this because it's such a big sandwich. My fav: chicken salad sandwich pressed hot.
4	When you are tired of the Vegas strip, stop here for picnic goodies and head out to Red Rock Canyon!
4	I love Whole Foods when I'm in the mood for a decent premade meal that's decently healthy for you.  They have pre-mixed salads that rival high end restaurant salads, and they have plenty of foods you can take home and heat up.  My girlfriend and I went there tonight and got a couple of slices of meat loaf and a couple sides.  The whole thing came out to $16 and was really good.  Much faster than a restaurant, and I wasn't in the mood for the noise.  The lady at the counter let us know that we could try anything we liked, which I didn't know you could do before today.  That'll definitely help in the future when I don't know what I want.
3	Not only does Whole Foods offer a variety of wholesome healthy foods to purchase, but it also offers healthy alternatives to fast food when you don't feel like cooking.I ordered the salmon teriyaki bowl with brown rice option.  It certainly isn't the tastiest and most fresh piece of fish ever (I think it was also precooked and sitting in warming bin), but with a healthy squirt of the good ol' teriyaki sauce, it will fix anything.Conclusion:  There's other tasty fair available like a big salad bar, wraps, sushi.  Healthy and easy = mmmm bueno.
4	This location is one of my favorite WFM in Las Vegas. It's relatively clean, customer service is top notch, but what do you expect when this location is in Summerlin? lol. I love the fact that they have a lot of organic, natural, and healthy fresh food selections here, I just wish the prices weren't high, we all try to to eat healthy but can we save some money in the process? But I guess it's a small price to pay considering eating healthy assists in living a better life but it seriously burns a hole in mi pocketo. Can we get some coupons or something?!They have fresh flowers, packaged food, meats that you can purchase to cook at home, fresh fruits, and a food bar with fresh food that you can eat there. They have a seating area where you can eat your food. Every time I go there, so I guess they change the menu every so often. I never leave without my bottled tea, Anteadote, Jasmine Tea.Another interesting thing about this location is that since it is in Summerlin, you can see some of the local celebrities like Vince Neal, Andre Agassi and Zowie Bowie, just like we did!
3	The Skinny: great meat/seafood/cheese counter, hit or miss produce department (3).I come here for their meat/seafood/cheese counter because of the variety and the quality of the product. I also really appreciate their seafood is MSC certified (Marine Sustainability Council) after watching "End of the Line". The cashiers will also kindly package your purchase in ice.Their produce aisle can be really hit or miss depending on the day that you go. Produce is a big thing for me. If I'm going to be paying top dollar for produce, I'd rather get something that is great. On the other hand, they have some quality gourmet products that I really love - their truffle butter, the cheese counter where you can try different cheeses, the raincoast chips (a Canadian product). Some of their bakery goods are quite delicious as well.
4	I love Whole Foods! I used to work at one in San Francisco and received a small, but nice discount. Now that I know longer work there I am experiencing paying full price. Because of this, I give Whole Foods 4 stars.Love the atmosphere, nice to shop with like minded folks who share the same grubbing interests as myself, and they always have what I am looking for and more.
5	You may have to drive a little out of your way to find a Whole Foods Market, and the prices might be slightly higher than your average grocery store, but Whole Foods -- which is not your average grocery store -- is worth it.Entering the produce section of Whole Foods is like wandering into a bountiful garden. The produce is fresh, first pick, and top notch.  Everything is carefully packed so that you know your produce is going to last and taste its best.  There is hard-to-find produce like frisse heads and pea sprouts, and if you cannot find what you're looking for, there are number of helpful employees present at all times to assist you, and they usually approach customers to offer their assistance. Moving on to the fresh meats at the butcher counter.... First and foremost, kudos to Whole Foods for NOT purchasing mutant meats. Absolutely no meat of theirs has been genetically or chemically compromised, this includes the adding of preservatives and cosmetic additives, namely nitrites.The block is kept squeaky clean and no foul stench emanates from the meats section.  The skilled butchers will prep your cuts of meat any way you want, including casing or uncasing sausages.  There's a whole counter of ready-made raw meats -- meals for those on the go or who have little to no skills in the kitchen.  Good food can be had by anyone these days, no excuses.If you want to avoid meat altogether, Whole Foods has the largest selection of tasty faux-meat/soy protein products that I've seen anywhere. Whether they mimic the flavor and texture of chorizo, ground beef, or Italian sausage, the soy protein products at Whole Foods are delicious, all-natural, and taste like the real thing.  Whole Foods has made a special effort to cater to consumers with other dietary restrictions as well.  Gluten-free products are peppered throughout the store from the fresh bakery section to the frozen cases. These products are tasty and healthy to eat even if you are not gluten-intolerant.  Whole Foods' commitment to natural and wholesome ingredients is evident everywhere.  Packaged tortilla chips and other corn-based products are bought from suppliers that use organic corn and make every effort to ensure their products do not contain GMOs (genetically modified organisms).  All dairy is organic with none of the additives.  Whole Foods also has a wide selection of organic soy milk, almond milk, and coconut milk.The assortment of aromas from the tea and coffee aisle greets you before you get there.  You won't be disappointed with the vast selection of exotic coffees and teas from around the world.  Whole Foods only buys coffee from fair trade suppliers and emphasizes their support of growers who practice sustainable agriculture.Next to the two-lane salad bar, there is a fresh deli and gourmet-entree counter, where some of the most creative and aesthetically pleasing entrees and side dishes are sold by the ounce or pound -- hot and cold salads, crab cakes, ragouts, eggrolls...you name it.  Some of these entrees are constant, others vary by day or season.  Not every grocery store can cater to the highest standards of quality and taste. Unfortunately, the demand for foods that are organic, unadulterated, and wholesome is relatively small.  Fortunately, Whole Foods meets the demand in spades.
4	What hasn't been said that I have not said in my other Whole Foods Review? http://www.yelp.com/biz/whole-foods-las-vegasNot too much, but this is a busier, a bit bigger whole foods. This compared to Tenaya branch has a bigger deli area. I actually really like their deli so the bigger the better....I lived off WF deli for a while when I lived in San Diego to get my healthy lunch foods.The other plus for me is the beauty products aisle here is decent, some WF have a small selection. I get weird about putting conventional brands on my body but it gets rather pricey with buying everything from luxury boutiques and department stores. There's a lot of reasonable, quality products here. I love Jason brand specially for their toothpaste and Whole Foods is just about the only place to get them. Oh and beer- I am a bit of a beer "collector" and there have been times that I find one or two here that seem interesting. They carry quality stuff so I always have respect for a place that insists on craft, local and quality import beers.. Also their wine prices are not bad either and they have low to high range brands....Good for me specially considering I usually cook with my wines and I I don't need to be uncorking a painfully expensive wine to make a vat of osso bucco.
3	Great selection as always, but what's the point of having free wi-fi if there aren't any outlets to plug in your laptops!?
4	Since I spent at least two hours in Barnes & Noble yesterday for  accessing internet via Wi-Fi, I needed the energy for the rest of the afternoon...so I went to this Whole Foods Market which is few steps down along its vicinity. I walked through the aisles of good food and hot meals but ended up purchasing energy bars which I like to grab when in a hurry for a quick food fix. They have a lot of selection which gave me the usual hunger for what really is making me want the most, thus making me more hungrier. I got a few energy bars I favoritely like having: "Larabar Jocolat" Chocolate Coffee $1.49, "Larabar" Pecan Pie box of 16 bars $22.24/$1.39 a bar, "Mahalo" Coconut-Almonds-Rice-MilkCoated Dairy-free Vegan Candy Bar $2.29 , and an "Odswalla" Chocolate Chip Trail Mix Chewy Bar $1.19. So now armed with them, the checkout time at the cashier register didn't take a lot of time at all. I will have to go to the Town Square's Whole Foods Market branch this Saturday on its "Happy Birthday" stores event if I need more bars and get pomegranate juice.  I have been a shopper at this market for many about 18 years while living in New York, Los Angeles & North Carolina (in a city where I like to dine in for my hot meals)...like it so it's not waning but rather escalating my pulses when I see Whole Foods Market. This is a cool place for all kinds of healthy eats and organic, nutritious, wholesome foods,drinks, wine, beer, fresh produce, health & beauty products.
5	First thing you will see when you walk in is great, the biggest I have seen in whole foods, raw food section with great selection!Some things hard to locate where some things are but it makes it up how great selection they have.Raw food was easy to find!I will be back.
4	I'm hardly ever in Summerlin but when I am there, I'm thoroughly in love with the place. If it wasn't so far from the rest of the world I would probably be living here. I happened to stop by the Whole Foods tonight to pick up some groceries since I was around the area. When I moved to Las Vegas, the Town Square Whole Foods was still under construction so I spent many days at the Summerlin Whole Foods. It must have been 2 years since I was last there. I really like this Whole Foods. It's not the largest but it has a very friendly and homely atmosphere. I find it so easy to navigate and I was able to find some interesting items that I had been looking for but could never quite get the patience to find at the Town Sq Whole Foods. Salad cut Hearts of Palm...yummmm. The dairy section was so well-organized and not at all intimidating and the produce...gosh...I was salivating over all that freshness and crispness.I also had the oppurtunity to sample some of the Prepared Foods...Golden Sesame Tofu. My favorite!I really like this Whole Foods and maybe I'll come up with more excuses to come here!
4	Good selection of produce, meats and unique food items that I've gotten addicted to that I can't get anywhere else.  It is a little pricey but definitely worth it.  Keep in mind, a lot of the fresh bread, pita, etc. are made here in town without preservatives.  They will go bad quickly. If you are not eating right away, freeze it.  But feel good about it... you are supporting local businesses!Check expiration dates, check expiration dates, check expiration dates!  That's why I have to knock off a star.  A lot of times the stockers will leave stuff on the shelves that is long expired.  Last night, they were selling salad mix that had a "sell by" date for 2 days prior.  I've even seen bread covered in mold.  Not just a little bit.  A ton.  Look at everything closely.  Because this stuff is expensive and it sucks when you have to throw it away or take it back.They carry Vosges chocolate bars here, including the infamous bacon bar.  Also, if you want to splurge, try the Five Star peanut bar in the chocolate section at the front of store.  $5 for a pretty small chocolate bar, but soooo worth it.
5	Wonderful shop for those wanting a little extra healthiness to their meal. You can find it organic here for sure. If you aren't a cook, they will even provide you with a meal cooked while you shop, or pick something off the food bar already prepared. But if you don't mind eating things not organic, come anyway and try the variety of cheeses, the homemade cookies and deserts. There are miniature little fruit tarts that look like works of art, each little fruit placed into a picture perfect spot on top of the tart. It's beautiful just to look at! I picked up some new tea, white ginger peach, good warm or cold. Be sure to pop in and check this place, it's a really nice market.
4	Eating organic and healthy doesn't have to be overly expensive. Sure, there are some things that are just pricey, but there's so many options that you aren't gonna die if you don't get the Hands of Buddha lemons ($7lb) and just buy yourself some regular lemons (2 for $1- just like the regular grocery) for your lemon zest. Just gotta be smart about how you shop, but that's something you should do whenever/where ever you're buying.  I go to Whole Foods at least once a week (usually Tenaya just because I'm in the area) and do a majority of my shopping at Whole Foods now. We're pretty fucking broke and we eat great....and guess what? We haven't made major adjustments in the food budget to incorporate our newfound stance into getting quality ingredients. I recently made a big change to really look at grocery providers, comparing prices vs. quality. I think a part of us are so used to bottom prices that when we see price, we don't think about the quality (and time and effort it takes to do so) and shy away. I cook and have done comparisons with certain ingredients and the quality is miles apart when there's a slight price difference. I used to call it Whole Paycheck like everyone else and now I  don't. After crunching the numbers vs. conventional markets I'm getting more here for my money.....unless we come really hungry and high and buy a bunch of unnecessary junk food and luxury items and blow the food budget right out. I'd post all my research, but I'd probably bore people...I encourage people to discover for themselves and look at prices. I don't do all my groceries here, but I buy enough to know I still adore this store even though I'm the one paying for it and not my parents anymore. Haha.
4	The majority of us can all agree the prices are a little on the expensive side, but then again think about how organic foods/foods that aren't preprocessed are usually more pricey because they're healthier/better for you. This isn't just at WMF, but every other grocery store too.Outstanding selection of unique foods! I quickly became addicted to the banana bread mini muffins from their bakery that doesn't use preservatives! (which is also another factor... because they don't use preservatives the shelf life of many things is much, [much] shorter).My first time in, I was a little overwhelmed & didn't know where to start. They have a lot of products I was unfamiliar with, but if you're looking for healthier alternatives to your typical everyday shopping, this is the place to go!
5	We usually only go to Whole Foods to get a few specialty items that we enjoy that they only carry so we'll maybe stop by one once a month. We enjoy their markets but hate to pay the higher prices that they charge. But we had to stop there in a hurry to pick up some cheese for a wine and cheese party we were attending...well we passed the pizza station and couldn't resist...they have a hot brick oven so you can see your pizza made fresh right before your eyes. it was an awsome pizza, we got the white pizza, it was cheesy, garlicy, crunchy, the crust was done perfect with lots of bubbles. And it was Sunday (they have a special price), you can get a pizza for 10$. If I need to pick up a pizza to go again, I'm heading to whole Foods.
5	Whole Foods, thank you for being close to my house! Whole Foods reminds me of a neighborhood place back in Michigan called Papa Joes. Except I think Papa Joes is better. Whatevs. I get my soy protein powder from here because I find that it tastes the best and the price rivals everything else I have seen. I order my Thanksgiving Turkey from here every year. They have a fantastic system for ordering turkeys. You can pick a brand (I think you can choose from 3), fresh or frozen and how big of a bird. I will never order my fresh turkey from anywhere else. Their fish and meat are fresh and one of the best places to get that stuff. They have very knowledgeable staff and that are very friendly. Their food bar (hot, salad or fresh made food) is delicious! Their brussel sprouts are to DIE for and anything else in that case. The desserts look beautiful and from what I hear, are very tasty. If you are hungry and don't feel like cooking or don't feel like takeout, this is a place I would go so you can get a single-serving of yummy food. I also like they carry organic items (more than your normal grocery store) and you can find some hard-to-find items here. Sure, some stuff can be pricey, just be smart about your purchases. And keep in mind: it could be gourmet, or made without preservatives (hence the cha-ching!) My husband HATES this store, yet he likes the food that I bring home. Go figure! ;)
4	Everyone who works here seems happy, and that makes the experience so much better.  The produce here is top notch, and hard to find elsewhere.  I think besides the farmer's market, Whole Foods has the best quality and variety of fresh products.  Yes it is pricier than most grocery stores in town, but you get what you pay for.I would recommend shopping here for a few days of food, and not stocking up for weeks at a time.  It can get costly, and often times people let good food spoil due to things that come up through out the week.  The Charleston location especially has a wonderfully open layout, which is important when things get crowded.  They also have a really cute girl with stretched lobes and dyed hair working there.  That isn't really a review point, just something I look forward to when I"m checking out.  While other stores are generally cheaper, they are less consistent too.  When you need a sure thing, and a knowledgable staff, stop by this food lover's lair for all your yummy needs.
3	I hate WF. Unfortunately they have things that can't be found elsewhere. Vitamins, organic health care and organic food all in one location. I hate the prices and the fact that it is always so crowded. I also hate the people picking at the salad bar. Who does that?? And my biggest peeve at this location is employees from surrounding stores smoke in front of the outside dining. OMG. I spend $12 for a salad and have to smell that. I have called the manager but there have been smokers everytime I've been here.
5	Deli sandwiches here are awesome. I love coming here for lunch and getting a side or salad along with some of the best sandwiches money can buy.
5	Compared to all the Whole Foods that I have been to this is the best. I think I have been to all of them in LA and I keep missing the one by my old house. Dear Whole Foods parking lot - I miss you! I miss you roomy aisles, and giant food bar! I cry for you every day cheese bar and friendly cheese guy who would give me cheese samples. Someone told me about a great Whole Foods somewhere near LA, but I forgot...
5	Went there this past Friday for an Indian Curry Bowl cooking class...how cool, or should I say spicy.Taught us how to make multiple Indian dishes, then we got to eat the food she (Rita) made.Sign up for their email news letter to stay up to date on all their up coming classes and events.After the class we strolled around and bumped into a wine sampling station.My hubby got away with a cheap Friday night date, gotta make up for it next Friday:)!!!
4	great selection, delicious food- I would shop/eat here everyday if it wasn't so damn expensive!!
4	good food, well made, great buffet to go! and all that really healthy stuff. A place that does not sell diet coke! (sounds like a good idea to me)If you like this type for healthy fare, this is a great place --- otherwise the McDonalds will be easy for you to find!Go where your heart leads you!
5	haha i work here hi everyone!!!  I'll be at the check out lanes and if i see any of you there then i will say hi lol (i say hi to everyone so yep)
1	Whole Paycheck prices!  What more is there to say!  A small cart will be over $400!Wayne Gorsek
5	Ever since my latest purchase of the Juicer, Whole Foods has been my go-to place for ingredients. Yes, juicing can get quite expensive, but I rather pay now than pay the medical bills later.  Besides, how can you put a price on health? My latest addiction when I can't juice at home, is ordering the fresh juices at the juice bar. Drinks like the "Einstein", "Green Machine" and "White Rabbit." The 16oz has a prize tag close to $8 dollars per drink. But when you actually watch them make the drink you can see why. The amount of kale and parsley that goes into the juicer is astronomical with so little juice that comes out of it.
5	Well worth paying for hard to find VEGAN products! Clean and very well organized store! I thank the staff that asks me "How am I doing?" and "Hello...Need help in finding something?" This goes a long way with me and I am truly thankful for great service on my visits to here!
4	I really like this store for EVERYTHING. They really have an amazing floral department and the fresh fruit is beautiful. They also have a great seafood/meat department with very well informed meat cutters. The thing that always brings me in is the CHEESE!! Whole Foods has the biggest and most diverse cheese department. I love it because the cheese monger is always very knowledgeable and offers up samples when your looking for something new. I usually walk past the great looking salad bar and deli counters. I can get/make that stuff at home, although it is a great place to get ideas on new summer salads.Overall this place is always clean and has a wide and great selection to suit anyone.
4	I am a fan but I don't shop here that often.  I stopped in yesterday to get something already prepared for our dinner, but their selection was almost all vegetables with only turkey breast being animal protein.  I ended up getting something from the meat counter and grilling at home.  So much for a time saver.I do enjoy their salad bar, and I have bought cheese from their excellent suggestion.  I glanced at the seafood section and I did not see any poke again.  I guess it just didn't sell enough.I like the store and I'll return but only for those special purchases that I can't get elsewhere.
2	I am so tired of this market. While their salad bar has wonderful potential, all too often it is so messy and understocked that it ends up looking quite gross.  Very expensive take out items, too. The sandwiches keep going up in price...so does the pizza take out.  $6.99 for a take out, marginal burrito?The thing that drives me crazy are the long long lines at checkout. Seems like the cashiers love to just talk and talk, oblivious to the 10 people waiting to checkout!Finally, it's so difficult to get out onto Fort Apache..it's downright dangerous.Oh, one more thing. HIPPIES have been hanging out in thier parking lot, begging for money. Doesn't seem management is doing enough to control that!
3	I purchase some things here. It is a great store, but a little to pricey for my frugal everyday shopping. Only 3 stars because after several years of shopping here, they still cannot seem to get price labels on the shelves. This is one of the worst stores for price tags. They really do need a detail oriented price coordinator.
2	I only go to the way overpriced Whole Foods because i'm Vegan and they have a great selection of Vegan products there that I can't get anywhere else.  That's where the second star comes from- otherwise I would only give that place one.  Is it just me or are all the people who cashier there extremely rude?  They always make me feel like i'm some kind of super loser that they are so much better than if I don't bring my own recyclable grocery bags everytime... and today the cashier accused me of lying about soup!  I put some soup in a soup container and at checkout the guy asked me if it was soup or food.  I thought he was joking and I said, "It looked like soup to me!"  Then he asked me if he could open it.  I was beweildered but I said, "Sure, of course."  He opened it and I asked, "Does it look like soup to you?" He replied, "No."  There was no way anyone could possible mistaken the runny mess inside for something other than soup.  So then I started trying to tell him what it was called... some turnip lentil something or another... and he cut me off and said, "I don't need to know what it was called."  And then he charged me for some soup.  Really?  You couldn't just admit you made a mistake?  You had to be that rude about it?  Is this the best Whole Foods can do with the training of their staff on customer service?  I usually prefer the Whole Foods on Las Vegas Blvd. but I still get some of the same attitude there too.  Wish we had an Earth Fare Grocery store here in Las Vegas instead!
5	i live at east  arizona,every visit to vegas,i  and my hubby came to this place.whole foods market  have 4 store open at vegas,but we  only came 2  store,near our hotel.for bought some water and fruit,sometimes for brunch or dinner.they have room to eat and microwave to customer.if you like sushi or teriyaki or asian food,they sell too.i have friends work at kikka sushi ,and made them surprise.because they don't know we came.don't worry about foods  ,go to whole foods market.
5	I love this place. Great selection, food, prices, great soups.  A little pricey on some items but that's normal for what they sell that you can't normally get at other places. Oh and service is always soooo nice.
5	Great selection, friendly staff, and... I found everything I needed to make my egg and watercress tea sandwiches. Score!!! I also love the granola here, especially the vanilla almond... Yes it's way pricier than the regular grocery store variety but I find that if you mix it with Special K... It goes a lot longer. :)
3	I like to browse at Whole Foods, lots of interesting items.  But I really come for the Sesame Tofu, which they may or may not have at the deli counter on any given day.  I absolutely love it!  I also USED to like their salad bar until I found a long black hair that was on the Chicken Caesar salad.  And this was a brand new tray they had just taken from the back, so it could not have come from a customer.  It pretty much killed their whole salad bar for me.  Really gross.  And we all know their prices are crazy, but somehow, I keep coming back...but do avoid the salad bar these days.
4	Great selection of food including organic meats, produce and canned goods. Both the market and the food bar are pricy but you know that you are getting quality food. I recommend going here if you aren't on a budget as you can spend hundreds of dollars if you food shop all at once.
4	great place to pretend i am a foodie and can cook, haha.   Salad bar here is 5.99 per pound on wednesdays as opposed to 7.99 on other days, which is kind of steep when you get carried away as i do when selecting stuff from the salad bar.  Very easy to spend a lot of money here
4	I'm scared. I've been reading about pesticides on apples, bpa in tins of soup, food colorings in my Frootloops, I'm clearly being poisoned by The Man, he's poisoning us by putting cheap and dangerous ingredients in the food I have lived on for the past 40+ years. Oh GOD I don't want to die! What do I do?"Eat organic" says my magazine. OK , that's easy, I'll go to that expensive place by the Sports Authority.First things first, I feel cool just walking in. Chicks in Yoga pants, guys in vests with muscles walking around with small cups of green stuff. I like it. I feel cooler, I'm sure I'm not cooler but let me dream. There is a vast selection of fruits that aren't shiny, not shiny is good. No furniture polish or whatever it is, that my magazine says is the additive that makes supermarket fruit look so appealing. Fish and meat served by guys that can answer questions and give you little recipe cards that will help you cook your GRASS FED beef or your LINE CAUGHT and NOT farm raised fish.Deli, Chinese food, juice bar, it's all great. It is more expensive but if I don't die it must be a good thing. Cheeses, liquor,etc,  Whole Foods has it all.Seriously though, if you're preparing a special meal the ingredients here are supersonic. To live exclusively with the produce, meats etc that are sold here would be a luxury. If your wallet allows, it's a good choice. If not, do what I do, pick and choose, some supermarket and Whole Foods for the special stuff.
1	I was so hoping things would improve for me with this overpriced foodstore. Unfortunately, certain staff members apparantly thinks their poop don't stink. Like the hippie idiotic woman who served me pizza tonite. I had asked her for some cheese pizza from the opposite end facing her. Sighing, she turned it around and cut a slice and then cut it in two. She then asked if I wanted the "whole strip". Well, there were now two pieces, weren't there?  So it confused me. So I bend down to see what she was doing, and just said "um," and that was all it took for her to stay loudy and rudely "I CAN'T HEAR YOU!".  Really sweetheart? I think I meant to say F O.  Hear that? Before boxing up my slices, she made sure to hastily scoop then up and bang them into the sides of the display, touching everything.  Classy, Miss Hippie. Did they teach you how to serve food at the dirt farm that was obviously your last place of employment?Residents of Las Vegas: if you too would like to experience overpriced food in a terribly designed strip mall with a dangerous and near impossible exit onto Rampart, coupled with service you expect to find in a junk store....all wrapped up in one...make sure you visit this location of Crap Foods.  Maybe next time I shouldn't wear my "culture warrior" shirt, lol. Hippies.
3	The larger selection of fresh produce made my eyes bug out, but what I was truly craving was a smoothie. The 75 degree weather outside makes me want to welcome spring with open arms. The juice bar at this location is not as extensive as the Town Square one and that is a bummer. The overall ready to eat selection is smaller as well. Although I do come to Whole Foods to do some grocery shopping, the predominate reason for stopping by is their sandwiches, pizzas, and other quick bites.
1	I usually go to Whole Foods every now and again to pick up some of the specialty foods not available in other markets. I already  know going in that Whole Foods is a very pricey market, but generally speaking the store is clean. This is the first Whole Foods I have visited that is absolutely disgusting. Dirty, sloppy displays, the salad bar area had food piled up and even on the floor. No customer service. Gross. I never went back and would suggest not visiting this Whole Foods store even once.
5	staff is amazing and very willing to accommodate special requests. I have become somewhat addicted to the corned beef and cabbage and i was advised that if I call in advance, they will have it prepared for me...awesome food and service
4	Ahhh, Whole Foods. I think they're all the same. I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it, like all other Whole Foods, is too expensive.  If it didn't cost so danged much I'd be here all the time buying stuff from the salad bar to use as salad toppings at home (love that roasted garlic). I'd be getting nag champa incense, homemade soap pieces, aromatic body oils, pre-made salads, fresh fruits and vegetables, and - when I'm not eating raw vegan- fresh sushi, some brie, goat cheese or gorgonzola or even a raw cheese from their nicely diverse cheese section. Alas, I don't earn a Whole Foods budget, so, if I lived closer, I'd relax with my laptop in their seating section by the window and drink coffee.
4	I've been to the whole foods near fry's electronics and the one on W. Lake mead blvd, So far this whole foods on W. Charleston blows it away when it comes to the salad bar.When I go to the salad bar I like a little bit of the cooked tuna with my caesar salad and this place offers it more than the other whole foods and that's why I think this place gets as good as it gets with 5 stars.Quick reference:            *The all cardboard box is for hot foods            *The smaller thin boxes are for the salads.....I didn't know this before.Currently it's $7 a pound, it's not too bad and even then I would save half for later.It's clean and always organized, I like how the tables and seats are set up. The atmosphere of it all is nice and calm. The flowers are some of  the healthiest specimens i've seen. I'd go here to eat everyday if it wasn't so far from my House.
4	Never a dull moment.I love their cheese section.I love everything !!!
4	My review is solely based on their prepared foods, salad bar/food court offerings, and not on all of the goodies you grownups that buy more than plastic red cups, paper plates and bottled water at the grocery store like I do.   I have had some Vegan/lactose free dessert offerings that people have told me were purchased here and found them delicious though, so something to think about.I was obsessed with this location for a few months some years ago for one reason and one reason only:  Salmon Bowls.   I had to have one at least 3 times a week.  Brown rice, a nice grilled piece of salmon, with some bean sprouts and bok choi or spinach.  This was a period in my life when I was trying to eat healthier than usual (from this point forth it will be known as "The Dark Age").  So for a few months I would order this and was always impressed with the flavor on the salmon, and the rice and veggies would be cooked nicely.  I'm normally not a creature of habit and like to vary things up a bit, and after a while I became completely sick of eating these bowls.  I haven't touched one in two years, but I'd still suggest them to anyone who hasn't tried one.I tried the Salad Bar and Hot Bar with not so good results.  As anyone who has followed my reviews knows, I generally hate salads, but you'd think with their wide assortment of options I could make one that I would like myself.  This is not the case.  Everything would sound good when I'd pile the ingredients into one of those infamous cardboard boxes, and I was almost always disappointed.  If, unlike me, you actually like greens, you will probably be able to concoct something delicious.  It couldn't possibly be any worse than what I've made there.  I tried the hot bar a few times and haven't found much that I thought was tasty or appealing.  Every once in a while I still walk over to check out the options, and 95% of the time I'm not even tempted.In the end, only one thing is CURRENTLY making me give Whole Foods 4 stars:  the turkey avocado sandwich.   I know everyone has one of these now, but I gotta say the one from Whole Foods is probably the best version I've had.  Please, if you know a better one, send me a compliment!  Turkey, bacon, sundried tomato aioli, avocado and spinach on your choice of bread.  Yes, the Dark Age is over.  I've seen the light and fully embraced the aioli and bacon
2	Totally love this place, until I forgot my purse in a cart, the teenagers working there just stared at me and said "come back in an hour, it'll turn up" didn't offer to help me look for it, take down my information, make an announcement around the store, nothing.Thankfully it was slow, so it was right where I left it. I won't be returning, I'll head down to the one on Charleston.
5	Each Whole Foods is its own little microcosm so I take every advantage to visit Whole Foods when on vacation to see what unique goodies they have.Here's the quick brunch that I put together when I was there last week:Apricot Pastry ($1.99).  It was an elongated oval which seemed to use croissant dough as the base with a large amount of apricot filling on top.  For the price, it was a large, high quality, delicious pastry. Yum!Raw Coconut water ($2.69, in the refrigerated case). I opted to get one with a pink tinge since the label stated it would have more nutrients. I drink a lot of coconut water and this had a more robust flavor, very thirst quenching.Veggie Tamale ($2.99, in the prepared foods area, comes steamed). Wow am I ever so jealous that they have three varieties of tamales that are hot and ready to go.  The veggie tamale was a little spicy (I love spicy) and PACKED with flavor.  Probably one of the best tamales I've had.  Next trip I am going for dinner.  I plan on getting a 2 or 3 of these and some of Whole Food's amazing guacamole on the side.
4	There are quite a few Whole foods markets in the valley, and I visit them all while im on the go. I usually run in and grab my usual Steaz energy drink, some black licorice, and something from the hotbar. The hotbar here is not impressive. The salad bar, however, is quite large, and you have your choice of having a fresh asian dish prepared, pizza, or even a steak burrito made up. Good beer and wine selection as well. Come for some pizza and leave with an artisan beer.
4	I wouldn't use Whole Foods as my primary "supermarket", but it really is the best for getting meals and food staples.  Now, if they would just carry Coke Zero...I would go to this Whole Food, and not the one down the Strip on LVB.  This one has much more selection, a massive wine section and tons of delcious prepared foods for dinners (stuffed chicken, organic meats, etc.).Make a lunch of this experience at their to-go section (they have seating), get your meal before you shop, and you'll save yourself money.  I always buy less after eating.All aroudn knowledgeable and friendly staff.  Prices are high, but expectedly so.
5	I love shopping at Whole Paycheck.  It is my everyday grocery store and I don't drive a Luxury car!  I will gladly pay a little more for the quality especially in the produce, seafood, butcher, and cheese department...they even get me buying boutique bottles of wine that no one else carries.  I can't tell you my wine secrets though...three times now friends of mine have bought the last case of a great bottle I found here.My personal favorite thing is that they carry great cuts of Bison in the Butcher department.  My favorite meal this year was a Buffalo Filet Mignon I bought from Whole Foods...bought all the sides there as well.So much love for them.  I used to buy juices or smoothies almost daily from them until I bought my Vitamix from them.They have a wonderful selection of craft beers as well!
5	What else is there to say about Whole Foods other than LOVE!! I've been coming to this location off and on since it was built. First Whole Foods in Vegas, was it not? So it's been at least six years I've been shopping here. When I moved to Green Valley I was happy they opened the one off of the 215 and Green Valley Parkway. But since moving back to Summerlin, I realize how much I missed this particular location.First off, let me just say that this is the Vegetarian/Vegan Mecca! Tons and I mean TONS of choices for us veggies and I love it. I get a majority of my food from here because of the broad choices that other stores cannot match. Where else will you find Vegan Lamb, Vegan Fish and Vegan Shrimp (they have recently stopped carrying the vegan shrimp....sad day.)This location is always jam packed with people. The shelves are always amply stocked and the organization and cleanliness of the place is impecable. I could literally spend an hour in here just walking the aisles and taking it all in. A true junky! The staff is always very courteous and helpful, not to mention friendly and outgoing. The highlight of my grocery shopping each month is my trip here. If you haven't been to a Whole Foods before, you need to go. You'll love it. Some say it's pricey, but you get what you pay for. True quality food and an amazing experience. My home away from home. :)
4	I primarily buy my meats and poultry at Whole foods, they have great snacks, mineral water and everything else you could be looking for. Main reason you'll see me there? The rdy food area, the rainbow kale salad, curry chicken, everything is delicious and rdy to eat. I will head here if we are out and about and want to grab lunch or dinner. I have found that at this particular location, the food isn't quite up to par with what I am used to. My curry chicken had some grizzle in it and my salad was over lemoned. I keep hoping I just hit off days. As for the customer service? They are always on point, a smile and a courteous demeanor goes a long way with me, all in all this whole food rocks. I hope they step their game up in the food area.
5	Some people call this place Whole PAYCHECK!  Which I totally agree because the prices are pretty high.  BUT I think its worth it!  I do not do all my grocery shopping here, I just buy specialty items that I can't find cheaper.  A regular Albertsons will sell gluten free items for almost double the price I can find at Whole Foods.  They have a large variety of dairy free and gluten fee items, everything I am looking for!  The fruit is all organic and so fresh!!!!  The best tasting grapes ever!!!  If you want a sample of something any employee is willing to help you out and they go out of their way to make sure you are satisfied.  I like the Charleston location but the hot food section where you can create a plate is very limited.  The Las Vegas Blvd location has a much bigger variety to chose from.  They dont have big sales all the time, but they do have a monthly book with lots of coupons.  I wish that I would remember to look at it all the time because the checkers dont let you know if there is a coupon in there for an item you are buying....kinda lame!  But overall Whole Foods is my favorite grocery store!
5	LOVE WHOLE FOODS!  As a vegetarian they have one of the greatest selections I can find of vegetarian food and meat substitutes (Queue carnivore groans here; but some of it is actually seasoned and tastes really good!)  Try a gardin product and you might be surprised.  It might not taste like meat but then again it isn't, so just appreciate it as a different food.  Their cafe is also great here because it has such a great selection from the open self serve food bars to the prepared sections.  I am usually inspired just by walking by and its great to be able to taste it.  Presentation is always on par with what I would expect.  Best of all the employees seem to be generally happy and educated about their products and eager to help.  The most I can ever ask for from a grocery store.  It is a bit on the pricier side but so well worth it i find myself returning even though it may be out of the way!
2	Wow!  I thought we paid more here for better service??I park in a pretty full lot, only to have to fight my way past a mini-farmer's market just to get in the door.  Luckily they were too busy to actually stop me like previous times.  I go into the produce section and look for what I heard was a $6 live herb bundle.  I see pots with 3 Thanksgiving herbs (rosemary, thyme and sage, I believe) but they are spread all around the area and there are no prices on any of them.  As I'm standing there, an older lady pushes past me in the tight space around the temp. displays and mumbles something, bumping me in the rear with her cart.  Frustrated, I just leave it and go for the dairy section.I look for the 1/2 gallon size of Blue Diamond Almond Milk because they are the first ones to have it.  It's not on the shelf labeled "Almond Milk", so I pace around, looking back and forth.  There are a couple of empty spots so I try to read the label thinking other almond milk junkies like me beat me to their supply.  Finally, I see them on the bottom (but they were hard to see because the labeling of the carton isn't very large on the top... something the stockers should've though of when they placed them).  I grab a few and turn around to a guy standing directly behind me with his cart almost up my keester.  He gives me a dirty look... as if I did something wrong.  Rude.I get to the cash register.  The cashier was this cute little older Asian gal.  I see the purified/ionized water display and ask how it works.  She started to ring up a container.  I explained I was just asking (and there wasn't anyone behind me so I thought I could take a minute) and need to know more.  She started to describe the containers ... being $12 dollars or something but I can't understand her.  I asked her if you could bring your own containers.  She looked confused.  Then the bag boy looked over at me and said "sure"!  I then asked him a couple of questions and while he was answering, she rang up my almond milk.  I see the total is $11.07 and thought "I don't want a pocket full of change.  It usually falls out in my car and I end up digging under my seat for it anyway" so I reach in my pocket while I say to her "I have some change" (noticing I was already missing a nickel and some pennies I knew I just had from an earlier stop).  I find a dime and two pennies and hand it to her.  She appears confused.  I say, "I'm sorry but I don't want all that change.  I just need $9.05 back now".  She gets frustrated and says "next time you need to give me the change before I open the drawer".  Now I'm really frustrated because she didn't even wait for me to get my questions answered and there still wasn't anyone else in her line.  The cashier next to her looks at me with a big smile as if to say "Sorry, dude, but it's kind of funny she can't do the math".  Finally, She turns around and gives me an even $9.00.  Now I get upset.  I say  "What's the big deal?  It's simple math!  If you can't do simple math, maybe you should not be a cashier.  Don't worry about the nickel... but it's the point!"Then I take my "change" and my purchase and go stand by the water display.  I'm trying to read the labeling on the machine and the brochure to find out if ionized water has fluoride in it or not because I've been looking for water that doesn't have fluoride.  Nothing they have there says anything about it.  I stand there for a few more minutes without anyone coming over to help me (the previous bag boy had gone down to the other end of the cash registers).  I finally Google it, get my answer and decide to leave.  Why should I give them the business when they aren't willing to help me?  (and on a product that would insure repeat business I might add).Bottom line,  the place isn't well organized (lack of pricing on an advertised, seasonal product), has rude customers and even ruder cashiers.  They have all these people but are like a best buy ... their people really don't know anything useful.  I'm going to try the other Whole Foods until my 1/2 gallon sized Almond Milk shows up in Smith's.  Then I don't have to overpay to be treated like crap.
4	I'm always there to pick up a green smoothie or some fresh vegetables and fruit. When making the smoothie, there is almost always a little extra that they put in a small cup for you. Nice touch!
5	I come here at least once a week.  I thought I wrote a review for this WF, but I must have been distracted by whatever goodies I keep buying!  Clean, bright, smells nice -- what more do you want?  Well, despite WF's rather disparaging nickname ("Whole Paycheck"), one CAN find groceries here that do not kill one's wallet.  I prefer buying canned goods here because the prices are actually cheaper (diced tomatoes, beans, tomato sauces).  Soymilk is pretty reasonably priced here as well as the various items in the bulk section.  I also frequent WF for the good selection of Clif Bars, KIND bars, and whey powder; if you buy a full box of bars, you get 10% off!  Hubby and I tend to cook and eat veggie during the week, but when the carnivores in us strike, we like to treat ourselves to the protein selection at WF.  Yes, we may spend more $$, but we would rather spend a bit more for quality product and humane animal treatment.Others have written about the great variety of vegan and alternative diet food, so I won't get into that.  I've never had a problem with the staff here and I appreciate that the shelves are usually fully stocked.  Occasionally, I've snagged some samples, which makes my tummy smile.  :)
5	For someone who really enjoys cooking, like me - this Whole Foods is invaluable! The other supermarkets in this area concentrate on carrying only the tamest of the tame when it comes to ingredients. Looking for green cardamom pods to make some Cardamom and Coconut Basmati Rice? Whole Foods saves the day!  Need Vegenaise or dairy-free cream cheese / cheese slices / faux meats? Check!  How about some Field Roast sausage? Oh yes!  The fresh fish counter has never disappointed when I stop to pick up live clams and mussels for my annual New Years Day Cioppino. Love the frozen vegan meal choices as well (Candle Cafe Vegan Mac and Cheese is so good - but soooooo expensive!)The staff are so friendly and seem to be having such a good time on the job that I leave half-wanting to work there.
3	I find this store to be very overpriced. I was disappointed with the customer service at checkout. I was overcharged on an item and instead of apologizing, the cashier insulted me. Very rude and pretentious. Unless I'm looking for a specialty item, I will shop elsewhere.
4	I am so happy to have Whole Foods close to my house. Not only is it much cheaper in my opinion than Albertsons ( Summerlin Location) you can get a great, healthy lunch or dinner. I love cooking and can usually find the best, freshest ingredients here.I  love that they seem to keep their employees happy. It seems like the same people have worked there since it opened.
5	I love WHOLE FOODS. I hate how I spend too much time in here and finding stuff to buy! A bit pricy but great quality. I love the salad bar and sushi here. Large selection in the deli. I always come out with something from the salad bar and sushi! It's always busy here. But I can always find my truffle oil and acai berry packets in the frozen section for my acai bowls! mMMM
4	Narrow parking lot.Narrow aisles.Over priced.Better-than-you customers.Not enough open cashiers.Best $3 chardonnay in the world.
3	Whole Paycheck as I affectionately call it is a wonderful store but not worth the extra money to shop there on a regular basis. people, just wash your fruits and vegetables after you buy them.check out this podcast on Skeptoid by Brian Dunning and you'll learn the fallacies of the organic food processing business.
2	Not worth the money- better value at Sprouts even though Whole Foods is a bigger store.  I used to love the take-out section but it seems to have less variety and nothing that really stood  out.
4	I enjoy the take out section and the grocery selection of "healthy foods" I cannot find elsewhere.  Most especially, I enjoy the produce and amazing cheese selections they have.  From the take out section, I enjoy the sandwiches, salads, and lasagna.  Always tasty and fresh.
5	I wish whole foods wouldn't be as expensive as it is, but then again you pay what you get. Here I mean organic food, clean establishment, helpful staff etc.
5	Great store, very friendly and helpful staff, tons of non gmo food, very clean, look for sale prices to save. Great pizza at the food bar.
5	This is the store for all of your organic shopping needs. They have quality produce. The grass fed beef is excellent too. The have sushi, salad bar, and a food bar. It is a great place to go on your lunch hour. I get my organic kimchie and my organic brown rice miso here too. They pretty much have everything you want if you eat a healthy diet.
2	Coming to a Store near you; "Close Encounter of the Zombie Kind." The check out clerks at this location have the worst attitude zombies I have ever encountered., not to mention, the whole foods market, charges twice or three times the money for the same produce elsewhere. When you are committing highway robbery at least have the toll collectors smile...to soften the shock  ( Ben 'Bugsy' Siegel:  Bend your knees, Harry:...Bend my knees?.. Ben:.. When you are jumping off a train, bend your knees- to soften the impact.  Harry: ..Bend my Knees..sure thing Ben ! )Las Vegas, is known as a service town and you automatically expect  the check out people are nice and courteous but not here (we need some research into this abnormal social behavior)  Greeting is a luxury they can't  afford. and they don't seem to care if you buy or drop dead as long as you are buying enough groceries to feed Nicaragua or enough to choke your dog with organic pet food.(in which case you can expect a little crack in their veneer.)The place is clean and the variety is admirable, I come here for cooking wine like Madeira and Marsala wine (also don't believe the uninformed chefs, who tell you that you can use regular wine for cooking which is about 6% alcohol but the cooking wine like Marsala wine from North of Sicily has 18% alcohol-and it is dry wine ideal for cooking,) which you cannot get anywhere, but rest of the products you can get in any ethnic grocery store for lot less and smiling check out clerks as part of the package.. Sometimes I wonder if stepped into a fantasy land called  "Zombies in the Whole Food Wonderland" where alien zombies are not supposed to be kind or courteous to the human kind.
5	OMG!  Ok so it's a bit pricey for a grocery store, but you get what you pay for and what you get here is quality food.  Delicious, healthy, wholesome food. I would move into this store if they let me.  Best food ever!
2	No assistance towards close to closing hour shopping. Feeling that they're more concerned about getting home than helping customers. Blonde woman cashier in 50s-60s with uppity attitude. This town needs a food co-op rather than another mega-corporate market pretending to be serving the interests of food-conscious people.
4	Absolutely love Wholefoods. Best variety in organic foods. The only reason I can't give them 5 stars is b/c of how expensive they are. I realize quality comes at a price but there are other places I can find some things cheaper... it's just inconvenient.
2	There's a Step 1 orange sticker on the Country Natural Beef, Beef Strip Loin, New York Steak, Value Pack but the price label says Step 4. Which is it? Also, which step means the beef is grass-fed. No signs or descriptions of that.You need to make your "no service animal in shopping carts" sign bigger. It looks like the fine print of an Apple agreement.The sale tabs are 50% wrong. Sale tab said 4 bucks for brown rice bread. Charged 8 bucks. If Sprouts wasn't so far away I'd go there.
2	We ordered a vegan pizza on the phone.  Got to the store, waited a few minutes and they handed it to us.  At the register, I had the feeling I should open the box and check it - low and behold they used real cheese on it.  I went back to the pizza area and told them we ordered a vegan pizza.  They kind of just quickly grabbed the box back and said we'd have to wait a bit for it... ok fine.  We waited.  Finally, they boxed up the new pizza and when I go to the checkout, not only did they charge us the full price for a pizza, but they tacked on the vegan cheese charge too.  Considering we waited almost 30 minutes, start to finish, and they didn't even apologize, I was not too pleased.The store itself is on the cramped side and the parking lot is generally full and chaotic to get into and out of.  From a business standpoint, they should have at least apologized and offered some sort of discount on the pizza they messed up.  Not impressed.
2	I like the store but they recently switched out their baked goods supplier and now they don't have decent chocolate or almond croissants anymore.   Now I have to go to Panera bread, Starbucks or the local bakeries.   Bad move, I hear that a lot of customers are complaining about this.
4	even tho they all sell the same stuff they all have a personality :) this store its okay in my books .. i like the one off lake mead for some reason .. call me crazy
3	Often the site selection dictates how Whole Foods adapts the space into a working facility. This one has genuine space problems, and is logistically tougher than most to navigate.That said, I was impressed by To Go food selections. Many are vegetarian/vegan, and there was a good variety of them. There were a few decent low-carb selections, but WF doesn't list carb/fat/protein/etc, only ingredients, which is a start but not what they COULD do. A downside is that they close one of their foodbars before 8pm, which probably saves costs but reduces selection for shoppers arriving later in the day. Selection is still impressive, store-wide, although food here is uniformly pricy, other reviewer's "finds" excepted. Tables for food consumption are near the restrooms, perhaps too close, and the restrooms needed servicing! Those wanting a one-stop shopping experience, quality selection, and have the budget will find this location ok. But remove any of those stipulations, and go somewhere else. My needs were satisfied, but prices are expensive, aisles narrow, and takeout availability is mercurial.
5	What a great store.  I like the feel of this place.  I feel like I got healthier by just walking in.  You can grind your own nut butters (insert joke here), as well as coffee.  We spent a lot of time just walking around.  It seemed like we were just doing laps around the store.  Everything you want you can get here, bakery, deli, fresh seafood, and take out places just in case you are too lazy or busy to make your own meals.  I'm happy there is one closer to home.I will be back.
3	Lots of reasons to like whole foods first really clean and friendly staff. Knowledgeable in the supplement department. Don't be food not everything here is good for you. Just a much large selection than most places. You must decide what's good for you. I am torn when it comes to the deli and self serve bar. The breakfast selection is so so and always the same. Wish they had fresh salsa, avacado and cheese at the breakfast bar. Salad bar has more things than you could ever imagine. So all in all the bar is pretty good.
4	I love whole foods but we all know how it got it's nickname "whole paycheck".  I am not vegan or organic but if organic is reasonably priced, of course that's going to be my choice. Mostly I shop at Whole Foods for items I can't find anywhere else.  I eat mostly fish and in Summerlin (so far) they have the freshest fish and largest variety of not-previously-frozen fish.  The selection is not huge but there are at least 3-4 fresh items each day.The produce section is great.  Some things are the same price as other grocery stores and other things are pretty outrageous... but where else can you find black garlic or fresh morel mushrooms?  (At the time of this review I'm waiting for the morels to come in... so I can fight the same little French guy I wrestle every year to get a bunch before they sell out!)Of course, the prepared food section is great. I like to cook so I don't buy that much but when I'm hungry now I'm OK with the sushi and a lot of things behind the glass.  (Just got Quinoa cakes that were crazy good)  Mostly, I LOVE the juice bar.  I have a great juicer at home but have found that by the time I buy all the groceries to make my favorite juices... it's not that much cheaper.  (and juicing is messy and I hate the clean-up)Overall, it's hard to go wrong with whole foods if you are not on a budget.
4	The Skinny: great proteins, skip the deli area, watch for the coupons and their 3-day sales Friday-Sundays.Over the last 3 months, I've become a Whole Foods convert. After thinking and reading about the non-GMO movement and the issues with conventionally produced food, we've been actively trying to make better choices by voting with our wallets. Hence, switching over from regular grocery stores to Whole Foods.Yeah, I know. Compared to regular grocery stores, it is more pricey. But we've been eating a lot more at home so it kind of makes up for it. It helps when you do your research before going. Make sure you hit them up during the weekend for their 3 day sales and always buy the fruit/veggies that are on sale - they usually have good prices on them. You can download coupons from their website directly and check their facebook for the local store to see what they have during their 3-day sales. I always check what coupons they have online and plan accordingly. Actively compare their 365 line vs. bulk items - it is often less expensive to buy their prepackaged 365 brand.Of some of the better deals in the store, their Mary's Organic Chicken (whole roasters) are a great deal compared to the similar product from Costco. It's non-GMO/vegetarian feed chicken and it tastes delicious. Organic milk is cheaper than Costco as well. To be honest, we've looked at some of the farmer's markets at Tivoli village and the prices/product is way better at Whole Foods.The nice thing about Whole Foods is the labeling of the aisles. GMO-free products are clearly labelled as is their organic products. The only thing they could do better is trying to get rid of BPA in their cans nationwide. Do be careful in the produce section - there are a lot of things that are conventionally produced. Shopping in their produce department is overall better quality although it lacks the selection compared to the Town Square location.We have tried out their salad bar/pizza/deli area however I find that the food is not nearly as good as what you can make at home from scratch (surprise!). Their salad bar Wednesdays deal is kind of sad compared to the selection they have at their Las Vegas Blvd branch in Town Square. Overall, I shop at this location due to its proximity to home and their better than produce compared to other Whole Foods. If I really needed more selection in terms of meat/fish/eggs, making the trip down to the Town Square location might be worth it.
2	I like this store, and the staff is very friendly. The problem with this store is the poor pricing. If there is shelf pricing, it is often wrong or placed in front of the wrong item.This is a big concern and should be a better tended business practice.
2	I usually love whole foods. Last Sunday I went to the market with my daughter who was so excited to pick out a "healthy cookie". Anyway, we went to pay for it at the bakery/ coffee shop. My God, the girls there were so rude. They had a huge line but seemed to be enjoying each other's company more than anything.  After waiting 5 minutes they said they would " be right with us" well between the three of them two were making coffee and another was busy doing inventory again all the while a huge line. Finally 10 minutes later with no movement in the line and the playful banter contiuning between the three of them, I told the one doing inventory and avoiding eye contact with me, that we had to go and handed her a dollar for the 99 cent cookie.  Weather she rung it up or not. I couldn't stick around another 10 minutes to find out.UGH! Terrible customer service
3	Whole Foods has a great selection of Zevia soda (calorie free soda made with stevia instead of aspartame). It's pricey, but I've only ever found 2-3 flavors elsewhere. Bought some of the lemon lime today and it's delicious.I come to Whole Foods mainly to get snacks for my kids. They're currently in a grain phase (they only want crackers!), and there are a ton of options for crackers here, more than just your basic saltines or goldfish. We bought some flax seed crackers that were delicious. If they're only going to eat crackers, at least I can give them healthier options. I love coming to whole foods; I just wish I could afford to get more than a few snacks here and there.
4	I'm a supporter of the Organic, Sustainable, and Local philosophy that Whole Foods embraces.  I'm not as comfortable paying as much as I do for my groceries, but in Las Vegas, we don't have very many options.This location has a great selection and the produce is spot on. *During my visit today I asked the produce manager how to pick out a good kiwi fruit; he said pick one up and bite into it.  I said, "you want me to bite it"?  Yes!  Eat the fruit and taste it...So, I got a free kiwi, bought about 4 more pounds of kiwi fruit and proceeded to browse the aisles.  I love this place.
5	I would probably give the store four stars, but the guys at the seafood counter put Whole Foods at the top of the list.  They know what they're doing...and are friendly and engaging.  Whole Foods employees in general seem to know more and care more about the products, as opposed to Smith's et al, where it just seems to be a job for most of the people (especially the crabby produce guy at the Smith's near me).  Big ups to the Whole Foods seafood counter guys at Fort Apache...they're the best.
4	Las Vegas is a desert when it comes to buying quality groceries- whereas there is a megamart every 5 feet in Summerlin there are not really any high quality produce stores or butchers. Enter Whole Foods. We all know Whole Foods is absurdly over priced, we all know the quality of the produce is not what you would expect from a 3 dollar banana, but really what choice do we have here? Answer: not much.Thusly, I find myself shopping at Whole Foods way more than I have in any other city I have lived in. This requires certain adjustments- you have to wear anti D spray,get hipster immunizations, and get ready for women in yoga pants to shove your cart out of the way as they power walk through the store picking up brown rice and vegetables. Here is a quick buying guide of things to tryBone in Ribeyes- grass fed, pretty high quality steaks- great for the grillChorizo- turkey and beef also god, but pork is the classicBlack bean salsa- very addictingPotato leek soup- by far the best soup. BY FAR
4	I love this Whole Foods.  It's the first place I discovered Cupcake Wine, it's the first Whole Foods where I discovered their amazing salad bar, and it is my go to place for vitamins.  You can find all different kinds of vitamins here.  I got liquid calcium and liquid vitamin B (it is supposed to absorb better).  They had a few selections of each, and I find the liquid calcium isn't so repulsive in taste.  I will come here again and again!
4	Fresh produce is tough to locate in the desert! The fruit and vege section is well-stocked with a great variety of items. The service at the meat depts and deli is pleasant and knowledgeable. The variety of cheeses around the deli means I can make all my international recipes. The groceries are packed well to prevent damage and the register service is quick and friendly. However, it is rather expensive and I find the products on the shelves are not ordered intuitively and can be confusing locate.
5	The best thing about Whole Foods, for me, is their beauty product section.  They carry a wide variety of mineral sunscreens/sunblocks and they have testers so you can apply them to find out which one suits you best (consistency, blends well, non-greasy, etc).  This is how I found the perfect sunscreen for my sensitive skin.They have the best staff that I've every seen in any grocery store, and they even bag your groceries nicely and double bagged.  They have the sturdiest paper bags with handles!I love their fresh ground nut butter station too.
5	Wholefoods is a great store if you are a health conscious person that doesn't mind paying higher prices for your grocery items. There are locations all over the country. The locations that I shop at are on W Charleston and the other location is at Town Square. The town Square location is a larger store.Wholefoods has fresh organic vegetables and fruit. There is also a great selection of fresh seafood and meat. They also have grass fed beef and dry aged steaks. There is a bakery, pizza & sandwich counter, and much more.There is also a huge food bar and deli counter. The food bar is $2 off per pound on Wednesday at the W Charleston location. There are sushi rolls made with brown and whole grain rice. They have everything you could want to live a healthy life style at WF's.
4	I don't come to this place too often, mostly because it is a little too far from my house and also because their products are on the pricey side.  But I do come here to get some items that I cannot get at a regular grocery store.  I buy a specific brand of shampoo and laundry detergent from Whole Foods that I can't find elsewhere. Also they have a large selection of specialty snacks and a pretty decent bakery section if you don't mind spending a little more.  Their deli section is also pretty good, but for those on a budget, this place might not be the best choice.  The store is well maintained and I love that they have paper bags to pack your groceries in.
5	What's not to Love. This company is a trend setter & we feel blessed to have them in our town!  The Quality... The training they give employees... The whole experience is extraordinary.... We love when they have the big stems of Brussell sprouts. Also, the way they grade their grass fed beef. There is not a better quality if burger meat around. Such a great place!
5	This is my favorite Whole Foods location in town!!! The food is always fresh in the cases and at the bars. The employees are always helpful and kind. The store is always clean and pretty well organized. What's not to love?
3	This is a new and large Whole Foods.  A big upgrade from the one near my house.Good food bar with so many option there is something for everyone! The only thing that disappointed me was there were no Hail Merry products in the dessert section and I've found them in LA and Florida, i.e., both coasts, so unsure why not here.Otherwise, good spot.
4	Pricey as always but the quality of the green smoothies make up for it. Since I eat A LOT of organic food, I'm here on almost a daily basis. I've learned that if you are there on Tuesday nights, you may be limited on some of the meats until Wednesday morning (ground turkey is in limited supply).
3	The Whole Foods Markets in the Bay area really spoiled me. The same basic sections are here (bakery, takeout, beauty, butcher, produce) but they all seem to have slightly less selection. For better or worse, prices seem to be the same.Dislike how this location breaks their soups into several different stations- I counted three in the hot foods area, another three at one end of the butcher, and a third set at the end of the butcher area. Good variety, but I would rather they all be in one area.Also separated from the takeout food area is the ready-made seafood section with shrimp and ceviche- make a full lap of the store before deciding what you want.Not food related: right by the checkout is the beauty section, head over to the bath salts area where they're available by the pound in various scents. $3 by weight to scoop a box myself of whatever types I wanted, compared to a single $5 bath bomb.
5	The turkey avocado panini is so tasty. If this weren't a grocery I would come just to eat that.
5	The staff is very friendly at this location and they always go out of their way to say hello to me and give great customer service. I live far from this location but only go here because the prepared foods worker at the one by my house is a major twat.
1	Previously Excellent Whole Foods Now Dangerous To Children & FamiliesI used to think of this as a little gem years back. "The Little Whole Foods That Could", we happily called it.They had excellent selections, such as massively nutritious Frenz eggs from New Zealand. Beautiful orange yolks like a real egg should have. High choline for brain building. Fast forward to today. Less premium products. Their food smoker greeted us in the parking lot, smelling like it needed a good cleaning. Even local Sprouts Market has a better kombucha selection, with healthier meat choices. All unusual for a WFM location.We felt oddly run down when arriving in Vegas, so we headed to the cold and flu area. That ended up being the biggest problem area.I tried out the new, fancy looking blood pressure machine, while my hubby went (slowly, due to fighting a DVT and some other health issues) to look at the remedies to try to cut off any potential sickness early. Whilst looking at Umcka, my kids were about 90 degrees from my husband and the littlest one, just 3 years old, touched a toy at his level. The vitamin lady, Beverly, came over and smacked his hands away, saying "you're done playing with these". She didn't seem to know she did this right next to their dad.The 3yr old then then went to hide behind daddy. We reported this quickly to the night manager at the time. I think his name was Dave, and he simply said "ok" and walked away with another co-worker. (Not a WFM norm. There is something bizarrely wrong with this location)We also reminded him that if you don't want children reacting to toys, don't have toys. To my mind, they're inappropriate to place conspicuously in a health food store.In a sense, the night manager was worse than Beverly. We're not big "get a manager" types, so when we do complain, we expect to be taken seriously. We're major purchasers at these stores. Mint.com shows $14k of purchases the last 14 months. ~$1k a month, and that was when we lived far away from a WFM location. It'll be higher this year as we travel more. We have a small amount of WFM in our portfiolio. We know what's normal and what's not. WF employees don't tend to be as gung ho as TJs', true, but they're usually good people.This night manager was, pardon my language, a complete tool. A serious brand liability. Didn't ask questions, didn't want to solve problems. The young man in the egg dept was better. He noted the eggs we missed and said he'd do his best to get them back in. Much more management quality. The juice folks were also nice. In fact, many of the younger employees were very nice and seemed to "get" the brand. They seemed more concerned than the more senior staff, who must be more used to violating people. (again, this location only)In the car, my 3yr old kept saying "that lady hit me". My much older boy who was directly next to the 3yr old said she hit him 2-3 times, and pushed him away. His father has harangued him endlessly about honesty and the Boy Scout code, so he's usually accurate.I then realized this may be criminal, so I phoned the police. They told me this is "battery", and to come in and file a report or have an officer visit. Since we were in Vegas for a tradeshow where most of Whole Food's supplement suppliers were, we opted to try WFM's own channels first. Didn't want to make problems for a brand we normally admire for providing healthier options in relative "food deserts".Turns out WFM doesn't have an easy way to report such incidents. Most of their channels route things DIRECTLY to a problem store, instead of levels above. I get decentralization, but this is crazy. As Einstein said, "We cannot solve problems at the same level at which we created them".The only person I was able to reach on the phone said to report it to the police, which I'm finalizing soon. If there's an arrest on their property, soiling their brand in their customer's eyes, that's their own fault, at their own request. They could've let the bad actor go, or at least taken her away from a customer facing position. Either would've taught a lesson about not touching customer's kids. As much as what she did was wrong, I also agree that having toys in conspicuous places does not add to the nutritional experience.Of course, police can't do anything about a bad manager. It's up to WFM to demote him or let him go. Managers are paid to be problem solvers, not problem makers. I understand that he may have been tired, but so were we. His response did not match his pay grade.In short, these stores should be safe for families, which this one IS NOT. And if WF doesn't want a 3 yr old acting like a child around toys, then please do us all a favor (parents and other visitors alike) and remove them. They're an unwanted distraction, and no amount of chiding is going to change the amount of grey matter in a small child's skull. (the human brain isn't fully formed, in fact, until 25 -- the exact age you can rent a car!)
1	So normally I have a great experience here. today was a little different somebody had a dog in there. And it definitely was not a service dog. I took a video of the dog he couldn't sit still he was roaming around sniffing. He even took on the counter. I asked around to see if The associates knew about the dog and they do not know anything about it. I usually don't but in other peoples business but I eat food here. It was by all the ready prepared food that we eat. I think they need to check people with dogs and ask to see if it's a working dog with credentials.
5	My sons and I shop at this Whole Foods 2 or 3 times each week and have for over 6 months. We travel often and have been to Whole Foods Markets in many cities. While this isn't the most amazing Whole Foods Market we've visited, it's still pretty awesome. In all of our shopping, we have never had a negative experience at this store. The level of customer service and personal attention to care isn't quite what it is at some Whole Foods Markets, but it's way above any other grocery store. We eat a healthy diet, and can always find the items we need available at this store. Although we live 20 minutes away and pass many grocery stores along the way, this is where we choose to shop.
4	Best grocery store to shop at especially if you have little ones. They offer a wide variety of truly organic foods and snacks. You can actually read and understand the ingredients on the back of most boxes! Best location I've been to in Las Vegas.
4	I enjoy this store, clean, well organized and a good mix of every day goods to a little more specialized.  Everything is non gmo, Im pretty sure everything is free of any added trans fats as well.  They have quite a large selection of organic meats and produce as well.  I find the staff to be amazing.... from trouble shooting options when they couldn't get in a special order option, to the isn and meat guys who happily devein my shrimp and pound my cutlets free of charge.  The prepared food can leave a little to be desired, but as a regular home cook i find I like my food my way.  something I really love is the selection of fresh coffee.... They roast it in house and label when it was roasted.... (warning: coffee snob... You really need to use coffee beans with in a week of roasting no matter if its vacuum sealed with diamonds on the moon from the pope) all in all: a great store!
5	I'll still give 5 stars because I love WholeFoods but I'd like to see more flavors of Reeds at this location.
4	We love going to this whole foods and travel farther to it just because of the massive selection.  The produce is always fresh, the meat counter is a bbq grill master's dream, and the beer selection is something a experienced cicerone would appreciate.
