3	Ok so there are 2 reasons why I'm writing this review. 1. I love lasagna. I'm seriously Garfield's long lost human sister. 2. Creepy people make me go into uncontrollable rambling fits. I know some people may be offended by this, but I LOVE Olive Garden. I know, I know it's not "real" Italian food. I don't care. I love it and you can't stop me. Not to mention, they never look at me all crazy when I walk in there with my ripped jeans and/or ripped t-shirt, my hair a mess in a pony tail, and sporting my rockstar sunglasses because it's way too f-ing bright outside (thanks Vegas heat!). I'm sure I look like I have been living on the street for a week but they don't care. They are always polite and the wait is never long. After we are seated, I just sit and impatiently wait for the person I'm with to figure out what they want. I never browse the menu because I get the same thing every time, can you guess what it is? =) So then the waiter or waitress comes by and we order quickly. Sorry waiters and waitresses of the world, but I am the quiet order-er. I can't help it, but to make up for it I will point to what I want on the menu so if you can't hear me, at least (hopefully) you can read. Also, I don't want you f-ing up my order. I do this because I'm shy and if, by chance, I can't pronounce it.. I don't want to sound like a speak n spell. I'm a people watcher so I spend a lot of time looking at other people in the restaurant and the employees there. I will usually find someone interesting and make up their life story. Yes, I'm easily amused. The waiter/waitress will bring out bread sticks and I will proceed to hoard them and keep them for my own.. unless the person I'm with is very persuasive. So we get our food, which is always the same and always good. That's when it happens... The manager or whatever starts lurking around the tables, watching people eat and looking for his prey. I don't like to be observed like an animal at feeding time, so I carefully track him throughout the meal. Always careful to never make eye contact and slightly slouch down in my seat to avoid detection. Why am I doing this you may ask.. because if I don't, he will make a beeline straight for our table and start asking how things were and blah blah blah. I can appreciate the fact that leadership or managers want to make sure their business is doing well but here its all so FAKE. Every guy at every Olive Garden who is concerned how they are doing is fake fake fake fake fakey mcfakerson. It annoys the crap out of me and since I can't even put my big girl voice on to order, I definitely don't want to talk to them! It just comes off as creepy, like someone just put in fresh batteries and so they are all juiced up with fakeness. I usually remain silent at this point and let my poor dining partner fend for themselves. Sorry, but now you have been warned. Basically what I'm saying is stop being a creepy fake. Don't stalk me while I'm eating and don't talk to me unless you are trying to pump me full of bread sticks!
2	If you're a marathoner or if it's your first marathon, you know by now that it's marathon tradition to eat a pasta dinner before the big race.I wanted to find a decent Italian restaurant on the strip or hit a buffet, but my friend was hell bent on finding an Old Spaghetti Factory somewhere in Nevada.  Whip out the trusty iPhone and there's supposedly a restaurant 8 miles away in Henderson and she's willing to drive us there. We go to the supposed location and it doesn't exist, go to a nearby mall and discover there's no such thing as an Old Spaghetti Factory in Nevada so what do we do?  And what's the next best option?  Olive Garden.It's convenient.  It's close and it'll be too late to get dinner and go to bed at a reasonable hour if we try to eat on the strip.  I shudder at the thought of it but agree.  I'm staying a few extra nights so I can make up for it later.  The redeeming qualities about this experience are the quick and friendly staff, virtually no wait time since we're out in the middle of nowhere, and a complementary tasting of the Moscato Castello del Poggio.  This was a light effervescent white wine with hints of peach.  Very refreshing and sweet and possibly a new favorite.  Our meals were average and sub par.  My bellini peach iced tea was too sweet and the mushroom ravioli was dry and overcooked and hard to chew.  The bread and pasta weren't bad but I still would have preferred to go elsewhere.  Olive Garden is a little too pricey for the food they serve and next year, we'll be finding something on the strip.
1	Dined at the Olive Garden today for lunch. This was the first time my family and I have eaten at this particular location. We are big fans of the restaurant, but NOT this location. The server was so unhelpful that he ruined our experience. He was no where to be found most of the time, and when he was around he walked like a snail. I don't remember his name because he never introduced himself, but he is short with black hair, and quite frankly is not suited to be a server. Luckly for us the food was good (when we finally got it). Do not reccommend this location however.
3	Olive Garden has been around for as far back as I can remember. I've been eating at this place my whole life, and while their food is nothing short of excellent, other elements of the restaurant leave a lot to be desired. First and foremost, the food. It's great. Olive Garden's Italian cuisine is far better than that of most other "chain" restaurants, and their prices won't break the bank either. I don't think I have ever come to this restaurant and not thoroughly enjoyed my entree. There is something for everyone on their menu - soups, salads, pasta dishes, italian sodas, desserts, it's all here. However, this location's service leaves a lot to be desired. The wait times are often ridiculous, even for a party of two! The employees are always friendly, but sometimes lacking mentally. One time, when I was seated in the cafe area, the waitress took our order without even writing it down. Minutes later, she comes out with a salad when my girlfriend clearly ordered soup. She was nice and corrected the mistake promptly, but said she "though [my girlfriend] said salad." A, you should have written our order down. B, the words SOUND NOTHING ALIKE. Additionally, there have been times where they have been very slow in bringing out entrees/drinks/etc.One thing I DO like about the restaurant, however, is that managers frequently come around and ask if everything is good. This way, if there IS a problem with your order, you have someone you can convey it to. They often give you the opportunity to perform surveys regarding your service, offering discounts on future visits for doing such. Olive Garden has great food and I will always eat here. However, don't come in here expecting the best of service.Food: AService: C+Atmosphere: B+
4	I really like Olive Garden ... Not because I am expecting authentic Italian food.. But because it is a fun place to dine ... and you can get a good meal for a decent price... and WHO doesn't love garlic breadsticks.... They are handicap accessible this earns them a giant star... Especially since I am not able to get around very easily. They put me in a place that I could easily get IN and out with my knee walker (I will be so glad when I don't have to have it anymore) Then we sat down and ordered ... We started with peach sangria- then lasagna fritta... (this was my favorite thing of the meal) They brought it out and it was like lasagna noodles that had been stuffed with ricotta cheese and then breaded and fried ... they have a cheesy sauce on the bottom and a marinara on top . They are chewy and crunchy at the same time. They are sooo good i would have eaten them for my lunch only. However we ordered chicken parmigiana - with salad. The salad was crisp and fresh - and was not over saturated in dressing. Then we had the chicken parm... Everything was really good and the service was good also :)
4	All you can eat soup salad and bread...on a rainy day you can't beat it
3	Is there any time you can come here and not wait for 35 minutes?  Why do people wait at this place? if ole Clint Eastwood was reviewing this, it would be like his "spaghetti" western - The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.Good - salad bar and soup.Bad - The italian food here is very expensive and doesn't really excite my taste buds.Ugly - The price. How can this food cost the same as a proper italian restaurant. Service - not bad at all!This is a great place to bring kids, but the wait is atrocious.
4	Olive Garden is always good. Try the Tuscana Soup!
4	The only down side to this location is that it is always very busy.  The waitresses are usually always attentive and helpful.  The food is always delicious and the alfredo sauce to dip your breadsticks in is always worth the $3.95.
3	I've always loved Olive Garden, but this visit was not quite up to par, salad was great as usual, but I had new chicken dish that was offered for limited time and must say that the chicken was not the usual. Maybe they have changed the chicken, but it was not flavored well and was kinda hard to cut. I guess next time it will be the usual pasta, and never fail salad and breadsticks I will say when you go here go at an off time, otherwise you have to wait for a table.
5	great food...great value...gotta go early...usually busy!!!
4	This Olive Garden is just like every other Olive Garden - standard and awesome.  I am the first person to claim they hate chain restaurants, and proudly, but I must confess...The Olive Garden is a guilty pleasure.  It's pretty reasonable, as is any chain, and I always wind up with too much food and a food coma to show for it.
1	My husband and I were waiting to be seated.  We noticed that people that came in after us were being seated first.  My husband approaced the two people in charge of seating and asked him why this was so.  The young African American female seater told my hunsband he was being hostile.  My husband was a bit taken aback and said he was not being hotile and the girl then proceeded to address the waiting area as if addressing an audience and said in a loud voice to my husband, "don't you yell at me!"  I then stood up from my seat and said to her that he was not yelling at him.  She refused to seat us and her companion seater then led us to a table and was apologizing profusely and also acknowledged that we were not yelling at the girl and had no idea why she was acting the way she was.  The manager also came and after hearing our side of the story offered us his apologies and a free appetizer.  We were starting to calm down but not too long after, I saw the same girl seating a group near us and she gave me a haughty look.  I will not return to that restaurant ever again and am tweeting the experience.
2	It started out really well. Was seated in less than 10 minutes and our server started out great, but it went downhill from there. The food was great but they forgot our appetizer. Trying to find our server was impossible. Had to keep asking for refills n they forgot to bring out the dessert for my friends bday. When it came to paying the check....once again had to find the server. Keep in mind it wasn't that busy.  Got the busboy to finally take our check. Maybe ill just try another location.
3	what can you say about this place, its a chain, everything is supposed to be prepared the same exact way in all locations, how good it is depends on the person in the kitchen preparing it.  The waitress was awesome, which made the experience an enjoyable one.  I would return for the salad, soup and the service if I could get the same server again, other then that, we probably would not go back as it was just ok.  We had a party of five and having the soup and salad made me the most satisfied person in our party other then my wife who enjoyed the wine and the humor the waitress brought to our table.  But then again, where does my wife NOT like the wine???
5	Our server Grace was very sweet.  Tried the limited time only Baked Pasta Romana with Chicken...delicious!  Never disappointed when I leave there.
4	really nice family restaurant or for a not so expensive date ;) we came a party of 4 plus a baby after shopping in the area, with no reservations. and waited about a half hour because of their popularity. but it was worth the wait!!! i have only eaten at olive garden less than 5 times but this time i wanted to try an entry other than appetizers. i ordered the chicken and shrimp carbonara. IT WAS ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! had a very creamy sauce the noodles were thick and soft, the jumbo shrimp and and grilled chicken complimented the thick creamy sauce and top of the dish, there was crunchy bacon bits and my favorite sun-dried tomatoes!!!!! yuuuummayyy! i also go to try the zuppa soup which also rich in flavor including the kale, which i didn't know tasted so good! the staff was very kind and we're prompt with service. they kindly ask for refills of water, bread and also checked up on us and our meals just enough times. lastly, upon receiving the bil, you get complimentary Andies mint chocolate! mmmm!
4	It's Olive Garden. What's not to love? From the fantastic salad and breadsticks to the "Tour of Italy," this is a casual dining favorite for all. This location is everything you'd expect from any Darden property. Good food and always excellent service. Is there better Italian to be had in the city? Sure! However you can never go wrong here!
1	I'm not sure what happened to this location but the service that I received was horrible.  Let's start off with the fact the waitress had spaghetti sauce all over her shirt.  Ewwww gross.  We had to ask for our salad and breadsticks several times and the people behind us who came after us was served first. They had their food before she ever came back to take our order.  We ordered 2 appetizers as a main course. Even told her it was the main course and what happens, one of them was brought out early because she forgot to click a button on her screen. Couldn't find our server half the time.  Because we were a party of 8 the tip was already on the bill.  Way to much tip taken for crappy service.  Perhaps that's why we were treated the way we were because she knew it was a guarantee tip.
3	This place has the most uncomfortable seats ever! It made it a little hard to enjoy my meal, but the food was good so I quickly got over that. The service was great and we even got a free show... Apparently the lady behind us threw a fit because they wouldn't let her take the "all you can eat" home. Seriously, people suck! But the manager handled it with class and even walked over to us to see if we were ok... We will be back!
4	olive garden is consentant that is why they stay busy.  We havent been to one in a while so last night we thought it would be a good idea to try something different.  Dinner was good app took 15 mins but things happen I understand. Overall it was a good dinner just the girl and I.
3	This is my first time trying Olive Garden and I was very disappointed by the service. The server that catered to us was just horrible (Not to mention any names). He came to our table at least 3x the whole dinner and took about 7 minutes to retake our order because we wanted something else. I am very generously giving them 3 stars as the food was really good. I ordered the Tour of Italy and the portion was plentiful. I couldn't even finish my  order and had to bring it home. But at least he sort of made up for by giving us a whole bag of that awesome breadsticks! I will for sure be going to Olive Garden again, but just not this one.
4	Love Olive Garden.. from the time you walk in the door great service..  love the salad and breadsticks, plus the pasta.. mmm delicious.  We love Bill waiting on us, super friendly and refills our drinks without asking him to do so...
2	I went here last week with the bf for lunch Ive been wanting to come here and try there food because I hadn't eaten here since I was a kid.Thank god Ive stayed away from this place for so long! what a disappointment.So we did the 2 for $25 deal...It comes with all you can eat soup or salad, bread sticks, and pasta of your choice.We had salad, bread sticks , and the fettuccine Alfredo as the main dish. The salad was ok but i guess it would be kinda hard to mess up a simple salad, the bread sticks were hard and tasteless. As for the fettuccine it was ok nothing I would brag home to mama about Ive had way better it reminded me of something I could microwave from the grocery store no flavor at all I had to put a pound of salt and pepper on it just to make it ok to eat. I will not be returning to Olive Garden this is Las Vegas there are way to many good restaurants to eat at rather then waste my time at this fake "Italian restaurant" not to mention the service was lousy.Please avoid this microwave Italian food!
2	I honestly do not understand the popularity of this place. It's a chain, nothing is cooked up by someones Great Grandma with a secret recipe. The Salad and breadsticks are fine. The food seems to be mostly heated up frozen chicken patties etc. Can't I just go to Costco and get the same stuff??? The pasta is a joke ( seriously how cheap can you get? Pasta is what 99 cents a pound!?) . We ordered Chicken Parm and thought the pasta portion was hysterical for the price. Mainly because a real old school Italian place will give you enough to share with family or just take home. So to us it was pricey for 12.00 or whatever it cost. The waiter was fabulous, he was really on top of things. The atmosphere was great, the seats are uncomfortable. What Olive Garden has is an A+ in marketing. They stuff you full of a simple salad, and bread so you won't notice dinner is kind of a rip off. The salad bowl is shaped a certain way to make it look huge, all kinds of stuff like that. I have to hand it to them though they are a total genius at making people thrilled over very little. For the Olive Garden fans glad you enjoy it, but it just does nothing for me. Admittedly I was spoiled by old school Italian cooking from my Grandfather.
3	This would be 1 star had Andrew our waiter had not tried to correct the service failure. After hour being seated we actually watched table across from us be seated after us eat pay bill and leave before we even received our main course. Ordering never ending pasta bowl one would think that is pretty pre made basic stuff they have available to serve. Andrew advised kitchen was having issues and basically reason for problem. Manager Tanya was nice however offers a coupon for free appetizer next time we come and dessert free to take home. Would have preferred discount off meal after spending 2 hrs there. We did have 5.00 off coupon that was not applied to bill, after being up since 3am to go to work and 2 hrs in OG was willing pay bill get out and go home @6:30pm. Thanks Andrew for trying to make up we appreciated it, however OG will be long time before our feet will step foot in your establishment.
2	SPOILER ALERT!  IF YOU GET THE NEVER-ENDING PASTA BOWL AND ADD THE 'UNLIMITED' MEAT - BE PREPARED ON YOUR SECOND SERVING FOR A ONE MEATBALL LIMIT.  Second spoiler - it's unlimited soup or salad - not both.  Our waitress made sure we knew the TV ad was wrong.  The real entertainment came when our waitress went MIA for a good 15 plus minutes to cater to a large group, and another waitress there felt bad for us and took our order....  when our waitress found out, her face and attitude changed toward us and the other waitress... became like territory wars, and was made to feel like I made the mistake of not waiting for her to come back....  Then got to hear the run down about a group who divied their bill six ways as an explanation...  Service was okay other than that.The pasta was watery, and you REALLY have to ask for sauce...  This place did the reverse of what you would ever hope of a chain restaurant... food got worse and the price went up.   I agree with the review further down - they are lucky they have the marketing they do to generate business for such a washed up version of what used to be.  Sorry, Olive Garden, but you lost me.
3	It's Olive garden. We just go there for a quick bite that's better than normal fast food. Nothing outstanding but it'll do.
3	Today's review is for a place I've visited many times before: Olive Garden on Sunset Rd. The restaurant was busy but I did not have to wait long for a table. Fortunately I missed the usual lunchtime rush.The hostess, Danielle(?), after making me wait for what seemed too long while she finished tapping away at her computer display, merely looked up at me and waited for me to say something. Perhaps she was tired due to the hour? I requested a table and was seated at a booth in one of the dark and cozy rooms. The restaurant areas I visited seemed clean but the decor is dated; the table was set with four rolled-up sets of eating utensils & napkins as well as the previous guest's check and payment.After a few minutes, my server, Kalecia, came by to get my drink and lunch order. She was efficient, nice and a bit "matter-of-fact" (perhaps she was tired too). I had Soup, Salad and Breadsticks -- my usual business-day lunch. I've always liked the salad at OG (something about the dressing and the way the fresh ingredients are prepared and presented) and today was no exception. The Chicken Gnocchi soup is usually good (though there are too few gnocchi and chicken morsels to really make it exceptional). The breadsticks had just the right amount of garlic seasoning today (sometimes they're just too bland) and were served warm. With a slightly watered-down soft drink, tax and tip the tab was just under $14.I'm not looking for a five-star experience when I go to OG -- it's more a desire for some comfort food served in comfortable surroundings by friendly staff. I may be old-fashioned but I expect the hostess to greet a customer with "Hello! Welcome to Olive Garden! How many in your party?" or something like that. Other than that one minor issue, I had no complaints and I'll visit them again. I've read that OG is trying to freshen its image as well as the decor of its restaurants. This restaurant is definitely showing its age but I can't complain; so am I.-- 3.2 comfortable stars
1	Disgusting.   Probably the worst food in a restaurant in years.  Was invited by coworkers.  Last experience with Olive Garden was about 5 years ago.  And I did not go back until now....for a reason.Ordered a chicken panni which was just disgusting.   They actually served a concoction of minced chicken with cheese and spinach.   Absolutely vile.   And the service equalled the food.  Just pathetic.  Hour and half for lunch midweek. The manager was as clueless as the waiter.I cannot express in words how absolutely awful this place is.   Clueless service and disgusting food.  No one was smiling like in their commercials.  The most awful chain restaurant.  Beware.  Vile!
2	Meh.. Olive Garden claims to be an Italian Restaurant, that's like Taco Bell being a Mexican Restaurant. The problem I have is you can get true Italian dishes in town for the same price!!! This chain has gone down hill since it's first inception .What I do like about the Olive Garden is their unlimited soup, salad, and breadsticks.. now that is a good deal. The staff has always been awesome when I've gone. I guess I'm just picky when it comes to Italian food
2	Mixed review.  The food is good, nothing to write home about.  Biggest complaint is that they don't answer their phone.  I was attempting to plan a nice evening at home with my wife and wanted to place an order for a To Go meal.  I tried for over an hour to contact them by phone and there was no answer and there is no internet ordering option..  I double checked the number with the Olive Garden website and it was correct.
5	I love the soup, salad and breadsticks.. The Italian margarita is my favorite drink .
4	I'm pretty sure we all know what to expect from Olive Garden... but what can I say?  I actually like the food.  I know the dishes are prepared and reheated in the microwave but I still enjoy them.  I love the salad dressing (which I buy at Sam's Club to have the same delicious salad at home sans the peppers), and the breadsticks are so addicting!  The service is never outstanding but it's never been flat out bad here either.  I think the prices are fairly reasonable.  My husband and I came here often when they were running their "Dinner Today & Dinner Tomorrow" deal.  And the meals actually heated up really well!  Hopefully they will offer this again soon.I recommend OG for a decent meal when you're just not in the mood to cook or spend a fortune going out.
4	Good food for the price! Love the unlimited salad! Good service .
5	Very good service and food it's delicious!!!
5	This location is awesome there is never a wait ( well I always go around 3-4:30 pm). The staff are all super friendly. I hate when I'm eating to be asked a million times is everything alright, the waiters I've had would come and refill your drinks and bread without even bothering you and when they would see I'm sorta took break then they'll ask if I need something else (huge plus at least for me).Definitely will continue to go to this restaurant since the food is always awesome and so is everyone that works there.
4	The place was packed when we stopped by for a good Italian meal, and we were not at all disappointed! The waiters were friendly and we were treated well.Who doesn't love unlimited soup/salad and bread-sticks? It pretty much fills you up even before the entrees are brought to the table! So beware!The chicken dumpling soup was hot and delicious. As far as the entrees go, the chicken was tender and juicy (goes really well with the angel-hair pasta). The spicy shrimp was kind of bland (although a featured item on the menu!).Overall, it was great. Would definitely be back!
3	Service gets a A++, but the gluten free food gets a D-. Of course the gluten free food will matter to me because i am a food junkie and since I can't have gluten or Dairy the taste is extremely important to me. Beware that the gluten free food is pre made, packaged and just heated when you order it, not ok by any means. Gluten Free food needs to be made fresh and served right away, especially pasta. The pasta was extremely hard and I had to return the food. Normally I would just suck it up and eat it, but this just wasn't okay. If they were to reheat it, it would just become more hard. Moving on to the Positive side, the service was amazing. My family and I went late and stayed late ( far after they closed) we didn't even notice we were too busy laughing, talking, sharing stories ETC. The staff didn't mention a word, they kept serving us with a smile on their face. When I finally looked at the time, I was shocked. OMG ITS TIME TO GO, LIKE NOW! I said loudly. The staff laughed and said it was ok, but we were a bit mortified. We quickly paid and packed up and left. I could tell the staff was tired and I'm sure ready to go home but they were so polite and tried to be more pleasant than i could really imagine being. If you don't have to eat Gluten Free, really go! My family said the food was delicious. Gluten Free Foodies beware!  =]
3	Went in for their "Buy One, Take One" promotion and let me say its a flippin joke! They use the cheapest, most rubbery pasta they can find. Definitely not the same pasta/ingredients used for dishes on the regular menu. Couldn't believe how tasteless my food was, and afraid to eat my "take home" dish. Nonetheless, this restaurant is nearest to my home and is usually delish.
5	Really good food.  Olive Garden gets a lot of criticism for being a chain-resteraunt, but I honestly haven't found an upscale italian place which justified their prices with better food. My classic go-to dish is the chicken alfredo pasta.  Absolutely fantastic.   There's a reason this place is always packed.  Occasionally the service is a little slow, but most of the time it's great.
2	My secret guilty pleasure as an Italian? I come purely for the breadsticks and alfredo dipping sauce. I could seriously be just fine eating that for dinner. Oh and that awesome little Andie's mint I get with the bill. Plus, I don't mind getting a free sample of wine here and there. That's where OG's have earned their two stars.The reason it's lacking the other 3 stars is due to a couple of things. First, there's always a long wait on Friday and Saturday nights (which I understand) however they don't have very good turnover and they don't quote their wait times accurately. Second off, I have encountered some less than pleasant staff members that I could simply do without. And lastly, their prices keep creeping up and up. I could go get some bomb, scratch-made chicken fettuccini alfredo at Montesano's for the same exact price as Olive Garden's pre-packaged tasting dishes. Meh.
2	All I can say to sum it up is long! I got here around 7:45 and it's 10:00 and I'm still here. Not to mention that the waitress/waiter (and yes we had a multiple of servers) did not attend to us. People that got there an hour after me received their food before I.
5	Pasta? Yes! Seafood! Yup! Breadsticks? Keep them coming! OG is just straight up guilty pleasure food that will leave you full yet wanting more!So much food to devour! You will not be able to finish your soup/salad, appetizer (if you ordered one), and your main dish. I know I was beyond stuffed with my soup, salad, and breadsticks! I expected long lines and even longer wait times for your food but we were in/out in 1.5 hours! Absolutely no wait time to be seated; even with a good amount of customers inside. Our food also was served rather quickly; ding ding ding!!Their new Strawberry Passion Fruit Limonata is a MUST have! Order it or you'll regret it later! =) Everything on the menu looked soooo delicious and I couldn't make up my mind. When I'm back visiting the mainland, OG will always be my Italian food establishment for excellent food and drinks with a homey ambiance.
5	Olive Garden soup, salad & breadsticks are always on point but we had the best waiter ever! William M. was absolutely outstanding. He was at tentative, friendly & he even wrote the date & items on the to-go boxes. He refilled drinks when they were half way & is the reason we will come back again.
5	We went right when they opened the doors for the day. The staff was very nice and we were seated immediately. The waiter was great and personable. We did not have the special but got the stuffed chicken marsala with garlic parmesean mashed potatos with nochi soup. Wonderful and fast to serve. The bread sticks were always fresh and hot. We had dessert. I had the strawberry white cake seasonal. Not very sweet just right YUMMY. My husband had the Lemon cake. It was tasty but, mine was the bomb!! Well worth going and perfect to go and get out of the heat for a while.
4	Your typical Americanized Italian restaurant.. How can one go wrong..? We went during dinner tonight, and it sure was busy. I was told the wait for a table would be about 30 mins, however we were surprised the wait was only about 10 mins..!Our server was super friendly and attentive. Refilled our drinks right away, brought out a larger portion of the salad, and split the entree in 2 dishes since we were sharing. We didn't have the 2 for $25. We ordered the calamari, chicken marsala (for my mom), and tried the shrimp scampi for the first time. Overall not bad, it hit the spot for what I was craving tonight. The only downside is the location. It's a bit out of the way from my side of town. I live in the southwest; this location is in green valley. Overall I would recommend this restaurant and will most likely make a repeat visit in the distant future.
5	I love this place, since I started coming here I've become a regular there food is great and service is excellent they stay consistent with both which is why I continue to come.
4	We've been here plenty of times before and it seems like its always crowded no matter what time or day.  The food is good and what I especially like is the unlimited soup or salad. In addition, the breadsticks are great and my 4 year old daughter can attest to this. The entrees here are very good and I know I'm going to get shunned for saying this but I'm not a big cheese eater. I come here due to my wife loving Italian food. Nevertheless I still love it here due to the breadsticks, spaghetti and soup.I hope this review helps and Happy Eating!
4	Olive Garden is always a good place to come if your in the mood for pasta. Especially if you want soup, salad, and breadsticks. The service here is really great and they're usually pretty fast with getting you a table. I defiantly recommend this place..
4	My favorite chain Italian eatery never fails, especially when it was paid for after a hard day's work. Luckily we went when it was the Never Ending Pasta Bowl time, and ordered the usuals of Toscana soups, bread sticks, and stuffed mushrooms as appetizers. By the time my "Never Ending" pasta bowl came out, I was full and only managed a few fork-fuls of the alfredo goodness. But alas, coming to a pasta place is more about what I get to bring home and savor the next day !
4	I love there salad, that's all I was really going for, but did the meatballs and pasta, it was ok.  Service was good.  No complaints.
4	Sat down right away at the bar didn't have to wait 40 min on table, which is normal for Friday night. Always go for the never ending bowl even though they keep raising the prices but then again I have not been here since the fire.
1	I hate this place more than I can express. Service is always wishy-washy and the food cannot be called Italian. The waiter made a mistake on my order and I get it, mistakes happen. What I really hate is when I am told that they are going to fix it and I wait 32 extra minutes for it to return. My husband was pretty much done with his lunch so I sat there eating by myself. Our alcoholic beverages had more ice than any other place I've been to. Never again.
5	We all know what food to expect from Olive Garden and that's why I love it.  Consistent quality and food I think is delicious (I know some people disagree on that part).However, today's review is really about the service.  I was feeling like Olive Garden but just wanted it to-go so I called in a pick-up order.  Kalley was the server who answered the phone.  I had seen the order one and take one special on Yelp and in their e-mails so I asked if it was available on to-go orders or only dine in.  First nice surprise - available on to-go orders. Kalley then took the time to explain the 5 dishes featured on the special and what each contained.  She gave me all the details and didn't rush at all.  I could hear in the background that they were busy but she didn't push me into picking the first item so she could get off the phone.Additionally, after taking my order Kalley asked if I would like both dishes hot or if I was saving one for later and offered to give it to me cold so I could put it straight in the refrigerator for lunch tomorrow...great idea!I was told 15-20 minutes for the food and they had it waiting for me when I arrived.  Kalley had three other people arrive for pick-up at the same time but had us all checked out and out the door with our lunches within 5 minutes and did so with polite conversation and a smile.  It's not that the service is usually bad here but this was an especially good experience!  Thanks Kalley!
3	Food just ok average but loved the service and especially our waiter Adam. That's a plus. We will come back and ask for our waiter Adam.
5	SO GOOD!!!  Had the chicken topped with crab over mashed potatoes and spinach...yum!  And our server, Joey, was perfect!  He gave us our space and didn't pressure us but was always close enough to be at our table when we needed us, tank you Joey for being so laid back and efficient at the same time.
3	This is my second time being at an olive garden. We (me and parents) had a meal with Some neighbors. The Gniogi (typo) Soup was good, but there Was flaws to it. One of the biggest flaws was the Gniogi In the soup was never found except in my second serving but even that was crappy Because when I didn't get any gnocchi I only got one or two pieces Of Pasta. Then the tea that I got that I asked for more hot water an it took a while before I got that and a few more things etc. I mean I understand that it was somewhat of a busy restaurant during that time but going over a certain limit of time was not fun. Yet The risotto balls are great that's all I can say.
1	Walked in 20 minutes before closing to find the 2 hostesses sitting at the bar eating.  Could not believe the attitude I received from the man at the door.  He rolled his eyes and didn't say a word to me.  Feeling award I asked what time they were closing.  He said they were closing in 20 minutes.  I decided to leave.  Terrible customer service.
2	Last time I went there I was very disappointed in the portion sizes of the lasagna.  I used to go all-time. The bread sticks and soup are great and if u ask they have a amazing raspberry syrup that's great with sprite.  I am taking a break in hopes that next time I will have a better experience.  I felt like I paid to much for my little entree. The service is mediocre but I do enjoy the email updates they send.
3	Service was pretty slow waited 20 min for drinks. Server seemed sick and out of it. Food was great
3	The food is always good. The service not so much. Our server barley came around within the first half of dinner. We had to ask help from another server as our salad had no dressing. Our main meal came before the appetizer we ordered. And when the bill came it was all messed up. Our table had 3 checks but some meals where on others and beers not on the correct tab. We also had a 20% off coupon but the server said she'd take it off when she rang us up. So i had to calculate on my own what the bill should have been with the coupon so i could pay the correct amount of cash.
5	Did online ordering and carside pick-up..WONDERFUL Service! My pick up was 2:40 and I arrived 2:30. She delivered my order at exactly 2:40, came to my truck, willing to place my order on my empty passenger seat. First time having Olive Garden and going to this location- won't be my last! :)
3	It's Olive Garden, what can I say?Staff was pleasant and helpful. Place was clean. Food is okay, it's not authentic Italian by any means. You can probably make better Italian at home even if your Irish but it's quick and familiar, it's just easy. I love the salad and the bread sticks. Skip the Rice Balls on the 4$ menu, it's pretty much white rice mixed with cheese, breaded and fried with marinara...totally tasteless.We don't go here often, maybe once a year if we're lucky. I'll probably keep it that way.
2	I loooooveeee Olive Garden! I love their toscana soup, I love their warm breadstix, I love their salads and I loveeee the peach iced tea. The service I do not love. It sucks. Went in for dinner tonight with my main squeeze. We were seated immediately but our server didn't come to greet us for a while. When she finally came over she offered wine but we declined and just ordered ice water. I have to say the service started declining from there. I feel that servers almost feel insulted if you just order water or they think we are cheap. It's not true I genuinely like water. Plus when I drink soda or anything else it makes me fuller faster. Anyways they have this 2 for $25 special right now which is a great deal. Soup or salad to start, a full sized entree and a dessert to share. I got the toscana soup and bf got the salad. Of course we shared and my soup was gone quickly so I asked for another bowl. She seemed annoyed by this. She brought the soup and then right after our entrees came. I got the shrimp mezzaluna which I regret. It was very dry it didn't have alot of sauce. Bf got the chicken alfredo which was tasty. Since I wasn't feeling my dish I aasked for another bowl of soup and she was really annoyed. She dropped it down in front of me and left without saying a word. I'm not going to bore you with anymore details but our server pretty much ignored us the duration of the meal. I had to flag down another server to get us more waters and another one to get us to-go boxes. But sure enough when it was time to pay she was back at our table all bubbly. Yeah... Fuck you. Management needs to retrain their servers because a lot of other reviews mention the service or lack thereof. I will try to avoid this location from here on out.
5	I have to say that we were reluctant to go here, but it's always busy so we tried it for our first time in Vegas. I have not been to an Olive Garden since the 90s. We went here tonight on a friday at 8:30pm for dinner not expecting much because of the reviews.The whole dining experience was great from when we were added to the wait list of  10 minutes til we left as the presumed Manager thanked us on the way out.  We were waited on by Ketchie, very nice lady whom has been working there at least 7 years from our conversation. She gave us the 411 on the menu and we opted for the 2 for $25 special. It was perfect in service and the meal tasted better than expected because again, the reviews. I don't know where anyone can have a dining experience for the value they offer. It definitely was great food and service. We ordered the unlimited bread, salad and a soup along with the spaghetti n italian sausage and the chicken alfredo. We ordered a beer and peach ice tea and finished with the mini dolcinis: lemoncello and tiramisu. All this for under $40 including tip, what a great deal for young people to afford a nice date or families to enjoy a " dining experience."  The yelp reviews are complaining about non sense, show me where you can dine for a full dinner and it's a busy establishment to enjoy for under $40. Maggiano's restaurant didn't meet our expectations for the money we paid.
5	After reading these reviews, I'm SO happy we got an awesome server. Eric was on it and friendly from the start. Didnt hesitate to start a conversation but wasnt trying too hard to impress us. He had good recommendations and we ended up only paying $80(without tip) for 3 people. Idk if this is cheap for Vegas but that's definitely cheap for where i live, in hawaii. My bf got the trout dish which was AMAZING. My friend and i shared the 2 for $25 deal which is a serious steal! You save between $10-20 at least. Totally overdid it with the second salad though we could barely eat our entrees lol. Eric brought and packed most of our stuff for us. Its nice to see people who actually enjoy their job.We left him 25% tip without thinking twice. Eric, THANK YOU for ending our vacation wonderfully! Hold on to him OG!!!! Will be back next year!
5	I can't believe I am rating a chain restaurant at a 5 star. Our server Maureen was amazing. I haven't been here in years (maybe a decade) We ordered the sampler with the stuffed mushrooms, cheese stick, and calamari. The stuffed mushrooms have a hint of crabs which was absolutely delicious . Cheese sticks were pretty good but the calamari was definitely boring. We made note to Maureen our server, she got us a brand new order of spicy calamari that was extra crispy it went from a 1 out of 10 to a 9 out of 10.It comes with a great salad and lots of breadsticks. I don't remember much about the entree because I was stuffed by the time the entree came. I took a bite into my entree, just to verify I liked it. This place is surprising good for being a chain and if you get Maureen as a server, you will be delighted.
4	Great place and price for family. I got the build your own pasta - Garlic Alfredo with Shrimp, it was pretty delicious.  Got the sampler appetizers, I did not enjoy it one bit.  Our server Maureen was amazing.  For what it is and the price, I'd give it a 4-star.
4	Every couple of years, I get a craving for some lasagna.  This week I had been craving some badly, but I'm on somewhat of a budget this month, too.  So, I saw they had a smaller lunch portion for about $12 here.  So I decided to eat here.  I don't mind Olive Garden.  It's not my favorite Italian joint, but there are MUCH worse.  The salad is always worth the trip.  I normally like the breadsticks, but given I got there around 2pm today, I guess they weren't that fresh.  They were a little stale.  The salad and lasagna both did not disappoint.  They were great.  And I had a $3 Birra Morretti (A great Italian beer).  So, with tip I had a great meal for under $20.  And my server was beyond spectacular.  She was fast, attentive, and very friendly.  It was a great dining experience.  Now, if the powers that be there are listening, please bring back the Manicotti.  It was my favorite dish on the menu.
3	Completely disappointed with the breadsticks and salad today the salad was watery they didn't dry it off our server was phenomenal
4	Every time we have come here the service and food have been excellent!! As its the only Olive Garden serving a large area its usually busy but it makes for a good fun atmosphere! We try to go at off times to beat the wait and crowd but even during peak times the wait has been minimal! Its our comfort food place love it!!
4	Yummy food and good service... sat in the bar area and got thebar tender as a server and he,was nice   his name was beto ..great job... good food
5	We were up in Las Vegas from Bullhead City AZ with friends, decided to go to Olive Garden on Sunset for dinner.  We had an absolute wonderful time, our server (Julie) was amazing, she couldn't have done anything more to make our dinner a great experience.  Kudos also go out to the manager on duty (Angelique D.) she stopped by our table and we had a very nice conversation with her.  This is the way a store should be run, she obviously cares about Olive Garden customers and she also appeared to have the respect from her fellow employees, Thank you, Julie and Angelique and all the other Olive Garden employees for their service, smiles and kindness that they all showed us, even if we didn't have direct contact, they all seemed to appreciate us dinning at Olive Garden.
4	Great service! A third of our party decided to not show up and we were able to keep our table. We arrived at 6:45pm and were seated right away for a party of 8. I used a coupon and was also able to use my free dessert coupon from an email I received. The waiter was kind. And attentive. every time I looked at my cup it was refilled to the top. Our salads were brought in exactly As my kooky-picky family had ordered them. Great service. Food ok this time. I shouldn't have ordered the Trout special from a pasta place but what the heck. It has far less calories than my usual chicken fettuccine Alfredo. At least I had options.
4	I said I wouldnt be back, I lied. Decided to take advantage of the never ending pasta bowl special they have right now. They only have it twice a year. So here's how it work. You choose your pasta (fettuccine, penne, linguine, angel hair, corkscrew) then pick a sauce (Alfredo, marinara, meat, five cheese) and any add-ins (meatballs, sausage, chicken, shrimp) for an additional cost. The first plate is regular entree size. If you finish that and want more, you can order the same as your first order or mix it up and order something different. FYI the second and any additional servings are smaller and served in a bowl. Also included with the meal is unlimited soup, salad and breadsticks. If you don't leave full, that's your problem. =) I ordered the angel hair alfredo with sausage and salad. Bf got the spaghetti marinara with meatballs and soup. The food was good. I tried one of his meatballs and I definitely prefer the sausage, but that's just me. BTW it's $2.99 for sausage or meatballs, but you get 2 each serving so it's a good deal. I ordered pumpkin cheesecake to go, and it was just ok. I wouldn't order it again and for the price of almost $8, not worth it. Our server, Juan, was excellent. He brought the food out in a timely manner, checked up on us often, and was really nice. I'll be back.
2	First of all there was a ROACH crawling on the wall by son!! We started to leave,  the manager apologetically moved us and asked us to stay.  she then comped the dinner., I couldn't eat because I was grossed out so I took it home to my husband and son and they said it was bland and disgusting! Do yourself a favor and don't eat at this Olive Garden!! Terrible!
4	Great night last night. Our server was wry prompt and Nice. The Food was really good.
2	First off I want to say I usually love the Olive Garden.  But tonight was awful. Never ever order food for puck up!  I ordered fettucini Alfredo with chicken, zuppa Tuscany, and breadsticks. Total was $18 and change. The pasta was so dry I could barely eat it! Where's the alfredo sauce? Definitely no breadstick dunking. Not even enough to coat half the pasta. And 2 breadsticks was it. For $20 bucks this was very disappointing. The only reason I gave 2 stars was the soup was good.  Never again will I order pickup from this restaurant,  and I'm probably going to have to find another convenient Italian place. Bummer.
3	We tried out this place in spite of our earlier decision never to go back...Service : just ok.Food : free salad was ok. The fondue appetiser had a disgusting taste. The brushetta was fresh and light. The other meals were not special. Deserts were good.Our waitress was friendly but too pushy for a tip.Hate to say that this will be our last time to eat in an Olive Garden. Their good period is over.
4	One of my friends and I were headed to a movie and we wanted to grab a quick bite to eat. The frustrating thing about this area is the lack of food choices that are quick. We walked in at around 645 PM on a Thursday and it was packed. The hostess didn't greet us, she just let out a solemn "30 minutes, name?". We asked about bar seating and they said that it was first come first serve. At that point we saw two seats open up. Boom, we were in business. We sat down and ordered a couple glasses of wine. The bartender was busting his ass. He had a full bar and he was making drinks for the rest of the restaurant. He took the time to recommend two other bottles of wine for us and even gave us a half glass to try! We naturally did the all you can eat salad and my lady friend did the soup. I had an awesome Parmesan Crusted Shrimp dish.In truth, I normally don't write reviews for chain restaurants unless it's a bad experience. The waiter that helped us was so impressive that I opted to write this one up.Service was 5 stars and food was 4.
3	Typical chain food good deals are on the resto, eat all you can salad, and soups.
5	I'm a sucker for Olive Garden!! I love their dolcini's the best!! Tried the build your own pasta and it's great! My favorite dish is the Five Cheese Ziti Al Forno or the Ravioli! The salad is the best, and I love the dressing! The bread is a hit or miss I must say because I like my bread soft and sometimes it's a bit harder than my liking. Service is always good here, idk how they do it every time for me! They even moved my boyfriend and I when we got seated and there was a cold draft! Goodness I love it here. Definitely will go back again and again for years and years like I have been for over 5 years now!!
5	I love me some OG when I'm in Vegas. The waiter here was amazing!! Service is always excellent and the food was so delicious! Left so full that I had to take home dessert!
3	The menu has improved , plus the service! I suggest the cucina mia option. You choose the pasta, sauce and  chicken, Italian sausage , or meatballs. This s comes with unlimited soup or salad. We chose three meat spicy marinara with bucatini, and the creamy bacon , sundries tomato sauce with cavatappi and sausage. We were also offered a sample of Italian wine . Yum!
3	Stopped into the Olive Garden the other nite as we were in the area after some errands- I will say that the menu has improved greatly, although I think that the Olive Garden is a bit over priced for the quality of food. We sat at the bar, and the bartender was great- he was very friendly and attentive. My boyfriend and I shared the lasagna, always a good classic choice, we of course had the ever popular salad and bread sticks to start. Overall our experience was good!
5	My husband and I had a wonderful time at this Olive Garden our server Jamie was so polite and fast!! She took care of all of our needs!! The food was amazing!! We will alway go here!!
