5	Simply the best Thai place in the East Valley.  This little place is not easy to spot, located in the North - East corner of Power / Southern next door to a Thai Massage place.  They have just 5 tables inside, a counter for 4, and outside seating.Their prices are very good, service is great, and food is to die for.  I recommend their Spicy Noodles with shrimp and the Red Curry with shrimp.  They do spicy from 1-5, perhaps even hotter if you ask.  I like spicy food and get everything 4 and it's just right.  Their food, especially the veggies, are extremely fresh.  They definitely use superior quality produce.Another HUGE plus is they offer Soy milk for their Thai Tea and also offer Wheat-Free Tamari soy sauce for all of their dishes.  For people who don't/can't eat wheat this is a big plus.  Neither are on the menu, just ask.
2	Blah. A friend of mine just moved to Mesa and we decided to try Thai House because a) it's close to his house and b) it got a rave review on Yelp. Well, it was not great. We started out with the fried wontons (standard fried wontons with like 1/16th of a teaspoon of spiced ground chicken filling) and spring rolls, which were actually quite good despite the extreme stickiness of the wrappers. What really worried us, though, is that the appetizers came out about 30 seconds after we ordered them, which led us to worry that they'd been sitting around; I'm not always against pre-making food, but this place isn't busy enough to ensure rapid cycling. For dinner, my friend ordered the red curry with chicken and I ordered the pineapple curry, which was red curry with (canned) pineapple and shrimp. Sure, we should have branched out but were just both feeling the red curry. The spiciness scale goes from 1-5 - I got a 2 and my dining companion got a 5 - I'm a total spiciness wuss and was happy with my 2, but my heat-loving friend wanted the 5 to be hotter. The curries were just okay. And maybe I'm just spoiled on Thai Basil's amazing curries, but I didn't find either curry to be all that impressive.Furthermore, the place is SUPER tiny, which is fine, but the layout means that you're practically sitting in the laps of patrons at neighboring tables. Not fun.So this place was fine, but nothing special. 3 stars. It's possible that the red curry just isn't that great and everything else is dynamite, but since the previous 5-star review said that the red curry was the best thing on the menu, I don't think I'll be back.
3	hmm. decent thai food. kinda expensive for a hole in the wall.their pad-ke-mow is pretty good. might be called something else... spicy noodles?still looking for that thai place that actually has a menu with thai script and with at least 50 items on their menu. this place will do for now.
3	This place was WONDERFUL the first few times I went, but has been very spotty for the last few months.  I'm not sure what the issue is, but I have noticed new staff, and probably more importantly, I no longer see the owners in there.... ever.  They used to always be there and the food was great, now they're never there and the food is just "OK".  Sucks for me.
4	So the last 6 times I have been here it's been back to AWESOME.  Cheap eats, friendly service, wheat-free soy-sauce, soy-milk, and most of all, AMAZING noodle dishes.  Perhaps someone read my reviews?  Thanks for stepping it up, Thai House, and fixing the obvious consistency issues.
4	i love their Tom Kha it's really thick and creamy and the chicken is great. You do have to order it spicy but it's got an excellent flavor. The Panang is also really good, again i get it spicy. Their rice also has a nice sticky consistency. It is a hole in the wall and yes it can get crowded but overall it's a fun place to eat if it's just you and a friend.
5	I am a fan of Thai House, and love it is so close to my home.  The food here is quality thai food, and really full of flavor.  My favorite entree is the yellow curry dish with chicken, and a second runner up is the mussman curry with chicken.  The service is quick, and the staff is very friendly.  The place is pretty small, and since so close to our home, we order for pick-up.
4	This is our favorite little hole in the wall. Don't let that freak you out because the food is good, the service is good, and the price is excellent.There are 4 4-person tables, 1 2-person table, and 4 seats at the bar (no alcohol, sorry). It's almost always full and the tables are packed in tight, so be prepared to overhear private conversations at the tables near you.Despite the hole-ish nature, the food is always good. We love the curries and the Pad Thai, which happily, is not overly sweet the way some Thai places make Pad Thai. The Mango on Sticky Rice is awesome.You get a lot of food for a small price. My husband and I like to share an $8 curry dish and we usually take a small leftover amount home with us. Granted, we're smaller-than-average eaters, but the servings seem to be twice as large as the curry dish served at another thai place just down the street. And that other curry place charges more for their smaller portions.For vegans and vegetarians: You can get tofu on any dish instead of meat. Be sure to tell them you don't want fish sauce. They put it in everything. It won't take away from the flavor if you request this. There is still plenty of goodness in the food sans fish sauce.
4	We've ordered take out from the Thai House a few times now and the repeated visits are for an obvious reason. The food delivers for the price... great flavor, portions, and decent selections. I feel like the curry is a little bland, but it's hearty (Panang best so far), and the Pad Thai is as good as any other place so far. The menu doesn't feel very authentic with Chinese fare offered as well, but the Thai dishes they do make are consistent and can compete with other places I've had that were more authentic. My fave so far is the Spicy Beef and Basil and the shrimp spring rolls are very fresh and crisp. It just so happens that there aren't very many options when it comes to Thai food in Mesa, but thankfully this place fills the void admirably.
3	I love pra ram so I base my review mainly on that :P My first visit to the Thai House was with 3 other friends this past weekend. This is a small place with maybe 5 tables which seat 4 each. The service was just OK when we went on a Saturday evening. Waited a long time between sitting/ordering/food/check. Also I was a little upset that they charged me $1.50 extra for ordering brown rice. I mean, seriously? I could buy a whole bag of it for that price.  Everyone's food was good, but I have to say that I like the Pra ram at Tum Nak Thai on Power and Baseline better.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  The food is amazing and they also will do requests!  My friend lived in Thailand for quite some time and fell in love with a certain dish they didn't have on the menu, but they made it for her anyway!  They are always very nice and considerate, even though they are always swamped!The restaurant itself is TINY so I always just order for pick up, but you HAVE to try the Thai Tea - it's awesome.  I'm slowly working my way through the entire menu and haven't been disappointed with anything yet!  Also, I have some family members that are incredibly psychotic about the cleanliness of restaurants - and this place passes muster!  They are clean and tidy!
4	Thai House is one of my favorite Thai places ever. Their Panang curry is second to none, and is the reason why I fell in love with Kaffir lime leaves as a seasoning. The Pad Thai, which is of course the standard dish by which to judge any Thai restaurant, is just right; not too sweet, not too salty, not too fishy. The chicken satay is always moist and creamy,  and the soups are delicious too. It's always a tossup between the creamy tom kha and the hot and sour shrimp soup.  Now, I'm not saying Thai House is perfect. We've been coming here since they first opened years ago, and have watched their service consistently improve. Service is now friendly and fast, which several years ago it was not. It can still be a little spotty - for example, on our last visit, the server forgot our beverages until well after the entrees arrived - but it is always earnest. And spicy food lovers, beware: on their scale of 1-5, I always order a 6, and usually it comes out about a 2. (Of course they have a chili paste you can add at the table, but I find it too acidic; it changes the flavor of the dish too much.)   It can get a little tight in their small space, but it's well worth it for the food. And at these prices (less than $8 for a large dinner portion of the curries), Thai House will continue to get my business for many years to come.
5	I have to upgrade this place to a five star because after having a few other places since we moved, the flavors here are excellent and the prices can't be beat. I haven't had everything on the menu but everything I have had beats or matches all the rest.
4	LOVE this restaurant.  Its my favorite place to go for date night with hubs.  The food is so flavorful and seemingly fresh.  Service is always quick, and if not friendly, certainly not rude in any way.  My favorite things to order are the Spicy Eggplant and the Pra Ram, together.  You get a savory and spicy eggplant dish and a slightly sweet and spicy peanut sauce dish and the combo is excellent. (its not served as a combo, but my husband will order one, and I the other and we share.)We get out of this restaurant filled, happy, and wallets still full.  Dinner for 2 is easily done for under $25 bucks, even with a 20% tip!The only drawback to this restaurant is that we could never take a large party there.  This tiny little restaurant only seats about a dozen maybe a dozen and a half people. but they offer take out!
4	This was the first Thai restaurant I tried in Mesa. It was delish. I love their Thai iced tea, and of course, their Pad Thai with fried tofu. Their dinner portion is not as big as Tum Nak Thai, but nonetheless, very satisfying.Thai House is also pretty generous in their tofu portions and the Pad Thai is less oily but the flavor is still great. I think it's also free to have a mix of chicken and tofu - but I've never tried to do that here.
5	I have been going here for a few years now for my curry fix. Food is very good for  the price. We only eat takeout usually because the place is very small, Its not a fun experience with a 2 kids. Highly recommended!!
5	My most favorite Thai restaurant!!!I've tried many of their dishes and my favorite is their Pad See Ew with tofu (and no egg), and their Pad Thai (with no egg). Their curries are also really good too! The dining area is tiny, cozy, a great place to take someone on a date. My Mum and I like to go here when we have bad days and eat our feelings away hehe. Thai House is wayyyy out of our way and there are at least 4 other (substandard) Thai restaurants within 10 minutes of our house, but we are always wiling to go the extra mile to eat here!They usually have really good specials too. This place is worth the drive.
5	This place is wonderful! Totally love it!!! Everything is so good the service is great! I would take any of my friends here!
5	Went here for the last 3 weeks. The lunch special deal is amazing and you can't beat it. $5.99 gets you a soup or salad , 1 entree and 1 side of white or fried rice. You will leave stuffed!The only thing is that this place is extremely tiny , seats about 15 people but the food flies out of the kitchen so there's always a rotation of  customers coming in and out.
4	This is a small hole in the wall with fast service, good food, and excellent prices. They have a variety of lunch specials for around $5.95 that come with rice and a salad or soup. I love their eggplant dish and their pad see ew. They even have thai tea for $2. The place is small though so  get ready for that.
4	Thai food for me is one of the world's greatest cuisines.  Too often though it's pretty blah.  This place is by far the most authentic and best tasting place I've found here.  If you take away the ac, the front wall, parking, and general cleaniness, you could be sitting on a soi in Bangkok having dinner (and sweating).  Try some things you are unfamiliar with, you won't be sorry and heck the prices are 20% lower than other places.
4	I love this place. It's small and not the most fancy but oh boy is it delicious. The curry is divine and the noodles just right. Not to mention the custard topped sticky rice...my oh my!
1	I had read the previous reviews prior to my stopping in. I had read about the rude staff. I thought perhaps they were having an off day. I wanted to find a good Thai place in Mesa. I thought I could overlook it and give it a chance. Walked in, Wow the place is small. That's fine. The girl sitting behind the counter get's up and has an annoyed look upon her face, sit anywhere she says in a snide manner. OK- I think, this must be what the other reviewers are talking about. My friend and I sit down.  Another couple is in the place. The server goes over to get their glasses for drink refills, something is said and I hear the server say sorry. As she walks to the soda fountain I see her roll her eyes. Game over. I say to my friend, let's go. I will never be back. For me the dining out experience includes the service. I will not pay for rude service no matter how good the food. The thing that gets me is that most of these joints are family owned and operated. This may not be the case with this place - I do not know. If it is, this woman's life must be pretty miserable!
5	If you're looking for the best Thai curry in town for a killer price, then Thai House is the place to go.  With pleasant service and a good size selection of curry flavors, there's nowhere else I'd rather go for curry.
5	Our family really likes Thai House. We get the Spicy Basil Pork and Spicy Noodles almost weekly. It's become our #1 takeout. It's flawless each time. The balance of flavors in the dishes is really well balanced. We're lucky to have them in the neighborhood.
4	Thai House in Mesa came highly recommended to me when I first landed here in Mesa. (The woman who suggested it said she eats there 3 times a week!) She had a copy of the menu, gave me directions, and sent me forward for a culinary treat.The restaurant is not much to look at. Small, cramped seating. Clean, but not much ambience. But what they lack in the decoration department, they more than make up for in the fresh, clean Thai taste that I love. And, they are extremely friendly, which goes a long way in my book.I have eaten there twice, and here is what I enjoyed:Musamun Chicken: Nice pieces of white meat chicken--and a LOT of tasty curry broth. The broth is not thickened--it is soup consistency. Large chunks of cooked onions and very tasty potato chunks cooked to perfection. You can order it as spicy or as mile as you want. I ordered it with level two heat...which was slightly warm to me. Three would burn my mouth, I think.Green Curry Chicken: Again, nice pieces of white meat chicken. A lot of tastay curry broth-- flavor was slightly sweet and tangy. Rice was well cooked and fresh.Both times, I ordered their Mango with Sitcky Rice-- and this is aptly name. You get a large half of a mango, sliced on top of a very large (4" square) of sticky rice, with a side of the sweet milk sauce. The Mango, both times, was ripe and juicy, and they give more than enough to enjoy with every bite of sticky rice. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!The staff are all very friendly. On my first visit, when I asked to have my left overs wrapped, they added MORE CHICKEN to the broth so I could enjoy it later. You just don't get that level of generousity everywhere. Visit this Thai House
5	I've tried 99% of the Thai restaurants in the entire East Valley and this is by far one of my absolute favorite places to grab a meal, regardless of cuisine!  Thai House is just a great, consistent, cozy eatery with decent prices and all around excellent food.  All the other "Thai" food joints in town should take a cue from the quality Thai House serves up on a daily basis (except Sundays, which I found out the hard way).  Prices average $7-$9 per plate and there is a very good selection of genuine Thai dishes on the menu, as well as many of the traditional favorites most American urbanites have come to expect.  Lunch specials are reasonable and include slightly reduced portions of regular entree items with salad/soup and rice for around $7.  There is usually just one person serving, sometimes two, but service flows right along and, while it's not "fine dining", the atmosphere is comfortable, the staff is attentive and food arrives quickly.  The restaurant is very small inside and seating is very limited, so I recommend large parties (more than 4-6) consider getting their food "to go".  There is no outside seating any longer, but they are prompt with takeout orders, so, even if you can't eat in, you can still experience the great taste and value at home!I've lived in Asia, traveled to Thailand/Myanmar and grown up in a busy part of Southern California where authentic Thai food was practically "on tap" every other block.  Finding decent "Thai" food in Phoenix has been a daunting task to say the least, but I'm glad Thai House sticks around, as I always find myself going back.If you're ever near the Superstition Springs Mall in Mesa, be sure to make this your meal-time stop!  Thai House is located at the North-East corner of Power Rd. and Southern Ave., next to the "Pier 1" store.  Your wallet AND your tastebuds will thank me!
4	Small thai restaurant with literally 5 tables and a little bar area where 3-4 people can sit max. I really enjoyed this place even though there was a line to get seated during a busy lunch house rush. Even if you had to wait, it is usually not that long b/c the service is quite prompt even with just one server (she works hard). As for food, I've tried the pannag curry and the spring rolls. Personally, the spring rolls were not the best I have had. I do like the peanut sauce though. The curry was def my favorite here as it had the right spices and flavors..
4	Ahhhh! Finally some real thai food!I've been searching for a decent thai place since I moved to AZ and this is it! All the dishes are real quite good. I actually brought my Thai friend there who is picky about his Thai food and even he said the food was good and pretty authentic! The portions are really big and the food is inexpensive. Service isn't always the best but honestly, I'm there for the food! :D if you are ever in the area, definitely give Thai House a try.
4	I love the food here.  It's so light and simple!!  Try #14 or #37.  I'm not a big fan of curry but this was amazing!
2	Used to really dig the food at the Thai House (6 years ago), but they've gone downhill over the years. During our last visit, they "forgot" to put a few key ingredients into my Tom Kha soup... like the lemongrass and ginger. WTH?! I caught it, and the server seemed surprised that I caught it. Yeah, I cook, and I know the difference between sub-par Thai and authentic, even though I'm a white girl.The rest of our visit left us feeling like they could have cared less if we were there or not. (Yeah, I'll call you out, but I'll laugh about it and move on too!)I might give them another try sometime... but I wouldn't hold my breath.
2	Use to be my favorite Thai restaurant but have noticed that the quality has gone down dramatically over the last year. Had lunch here on Friday and this was the first time that I did not finish my meal or take the leftovers home. Had Pad tai. Very strong fish oil taste and chicken was tasteless. Overall the restaurant felt dirty and tables stick to the touch. Original owners were great. Not sure what's up with current crew.
3	Ordered Thai House for lunch one day. First thing I noticed walking in was how cramped everything is. I was just coming to pick up an order and I felt i was like this giant elephant in the room getting in everyone's way. Very uncomfortable from my standpoint.Second thing I noticed was how hectic the owners were and you could tell in their service. Forgetting parts of orders and not being really hospitable to begin with. Third thing was their Thai iced tea looked really good. Didn't get a chance to try it but i saw them making it for other customers and its something that I know I'll have to try.The food was decent. I had a lunch special orange chicken and it really tastes like every other lunch special orange chicken of any regular Asian restaurant not excluding Thai. The salad that came with the combo wasn't very good. At least to my liking, my coworkers liked it but all I tasted was steamed veggies and a sauce that was very similar to fish sauce. That being said my supervisor got the spicy fried chicken and needless to say it looked fantastic. So until I try that this will have to be a 3 star. It's really close to work which is probably the main reason why I'll come here time and time again.To Do List:Spicy fried riceThai Ice TeaLose weight so I fit inside the restaurant
4	As promised here is my updated review of Thai House after trying both the Thai Tea and Fried Rice. Verdict is.. this place is legit. Walked in on a less crowded hour of the day didn't feel as cramped and the food came out fast. Ordered the Thai tea which I didn't like at first but it eventually grew on me and I'm even craving it as I'm writing this review. The fried rice was fantastic. Just the right amount of moisture to the rice, flavor, and tenderness of the beef. Made it very hard to put my spoon down after it was all said and done. Basically, come here if you crave fried rice and Thai tea.
3	We have been coming here since 2006. Although the food is still excellent, the customer service has severely waned. Jamie (the owner) was always super friendly and knew ALL of her regulars by name. She is still the owner, but no longer managing this location as she has opened additional restaurants in Scottsdale and Phoenix. Customer service is prompt and efficient, just not friendly. If it weren't for the quality of the food, we would probably choose another place.
4	Just tried the Thai House and loved it! I give this place four stars because there is no other place that I have found in Mesa with great tasting Thai food. I had the Pad Thai with Tofu and my mom had the Pad Thai with chicken. Their servings are huge, we should have shared. They ask you how spicy you want your food. I asked for a four and it was perfect, not really hot.  The appetizers are also really good. Tried the spring rolls and satay chicken w/ peanut sauce. Both were really good! I have probably had better spring rolls but not in Mesa!  There is very little sitting space and tables are really close together. Something like 5 tables and a few seats at the bar. The people are really nice and friendly. Good fast service. It would be great for take out orders as well.
4	Thai House, what an amazing place!We were a pretty large group for this small place, if I counted correctly, max occupancy was 23 or 24, and we were a party of 6  1/2, and the front end lady told us to wait and she will group some tables to together for us. Oh let's not forget its Valentines Night so its lil busier than a normal Thursday night.   We waited for maybe 15 mins, and for me that's a normal wait at some other places.Once everyone was seated we ordered our drinks, I ordered Thai Tea & Ice Tea, my son who has never had Thai Tea just looked at my drink when I got it and I asked him if  wanted to try it and he did, and never gave it back haha, had to order me another one!Ordered some fried wontons that were filled with ground chicken and they came with this amazing sweet & sour sauce, can't describe it, but it's nothing like anything I have had before, very delish for sure! For the main dish, I went with the Massamun curry with coconut milk, potatoes, onions and peanuts, and I ordered it at level 5 hot, I say bring on the heat!  But for me, the level 5 was good, it had presence of being hot, but it wasn't overwhelming, if they had a level 10, I'm sure that's what I would be going for. But for some at our table level 1 was a bit too much, so don't judge me by heat factor; I just love things that are hot! Loved the Massamun curry !I also thought ahead and knew that I had nothing to pack for lunch for Friday, so I ordered some Pad Thai noodles, level 5 as well. Let me tell you, even the day after, those noodles were amazing!! So good! The front end lady was amazing, yes it was a small place, and there was  a bigger party seated after us, but never once did we fell rushed and she was always keeping on top of refilling cups and just making sure our table was happy. Excellent Service for sure!Look forward to going back to Thai House, even told her that next time, Ill be back in a smaller group haha.
4	Wow, this place is tiny!  That's okay because the food has BIG flavor!  (is that too trite?  oh well, it's how I really feel!)I got the Panang Curry with beef, possibly my favorite food.  It definitely measured up to any other that I've had.  I wish it was served with more vegetables than just bell pepper, such as string beans and whatever else I've had it with (zucchini, most notably, but that was a substitution that I made, and isn't traditionally served with it, although zucchini should be served with everything.)  It had just the right amount of kick, was creamy and flavorful and the meat was tender and savory.  I'd definitely recommend, though not for a sit-down meal.
5	I have been going to the Thai Hose house for years and have never had a bad meal.This place has only 5 tables so you might have a wait if you don't get there early.The egg rolls are small but very tasty. My wife had the chow mien with tofu. The egg noddles are very tasty and  the dish has  plenty of mixed vegetables. I had  a mixed  vegetable dish with chicken and a garlic sauce that makes the dish extremely delicious.The service is good and friendly. This is a great place for the money. Thai House is a must go to place if you like Thai food .
4	Stopped by for lunch and ordered a Thai tea and Spicy Eggplant Entre w/ Tofu, level 4 spice. The ratio of Thai tea to milk was a little off with there being more milk than I preferred, but the spicy eggplant was excellent. Good flavor and the spiciness was just right. I'll definitely be back to try their sticky rice :)
1	When fiance and i walked in...we looked at each other in shock at how tiny this place was. "No big," i said.... "this could be one of those amazing spots...i mean people look like they are enjoying their meals." i was way off. Very disappointing. Table was dirty. Server let us sit for almost 10 minutes before giving us a menu. Then took my order and walked away without my fiance's order. Weird. I ordered soup and it wasn't good. It was bad. Lunch meals were decent. Bathroom is gross which indicates to me their kitchen may not be any different. I wish I had visited the bathroom BEFORE I ordered (while waiting for FOREVER) because after seeing the water beetle and who-knows-what-insect in the god-forsaken disgusting hole-of-a-bathroom...I would have left FAST. IM SERIOUS!! Look at my other reviews of other restaurants...you will see that I am always honest.
4	One of my favorite places for thai takeout! Love their curry!
4	So far this has been the best Thai food place I have eaten at in Arizona. I ordered the Pad Thai, and to be honest, that was one of the best that I ever had. Everything I tasted that evening was good! This place is SMALL!!! But do not let that stop you. Go in and try it out.....
2	Went to Thai House a day back with my wife.  My wife is Vietnamese.  My wife ordered some kind of Eggplant Curry.  I ordered the Yum Woon Sen.  It ended up with my wife wishing she ordered the Yum Woon Sen.  The curry was okay, but nothing to write about.  The Yum Woon Sen was good.  Then again, my wife and I like a lot of Asian style cold salads.
5	We have tried many Thai restaurants and this is by far the best! Love the Tom Ka Gai soup, Pad Thai, Spicy Noodles, & curry dishes. We come here at least once a month and have become regulars. The place is small inside and not very fancy but that is a small sacrifice for delicious food.The service is great, very personable and accommodating. I highly recommend this place!
4	Best Thai food in town. People are very friendly too. I always get the Chow Mein with some wontons or the satay. Occasionally I will mix it up with the panang curry.  Food comes out very quick as well. They do have limited seating, however the serve food quickly so its not too much of an issue. I will be back many times I am sure.
5	Awesome food. Very consistent and I am a sucker for the Satay, green curry chicken and the pad Thai is smookin hot. The place is not fancy And only seats about 12-15. They have a huge takeout business. I have never been disappointed. They know you by name and always know I am a diet pepsi guy and bring out the satay to start. I dont have to even ask. Give it a try your gonna get hooked. Average plate is about 7-9 bucks
5	Lunch special $5.99 can't beat it! Small dining room but great food and excellent service. Pad Thai was top notch
3	I have tried 3 or 4 dishes there and none impressed me. Their pad Thai is okay... One of those restaurants that I would eat at if I craved Thai and there was nothing else nearby.
3	spunky, friendly, and talkative owner. I'm a bit of a Thai snob, but the food is good. I'll typically eat here if
4	Incredibly small restaurant and often crowded, but delicious food. The orange chicken, noodles and pad Thai left me wanting more
1	Always busy. Hole in the wall place. after finishing food I noticed tiny roaches crawling all over the clean plates and pointed it out to a worker and she smashed it on the plate and left the plate on the counter in the same stack!! (Not joking, F*ING nasty)Not enough seating to be comfortable forget a high chair. Very understaffed. I've called on several occasions to place an order and been told that they can't take my order bcuz they're "to busy" (really!!!) while standing in line today during lunch rush, I started calling on my phone to see if someone would attend to me any quicker...oh no. NO ONE answers the phone at all. Not your typical customer service orientation. I will not go back nor recommend!I Want to find another Thai place that's reasonable in price as well as attentive to guests. Any suggestions welcome!
1	No thanks... Thought I'd check out this place today. As you walk in you'll notice the place is extremely small inside, limited seating. Well, I was going to order pickup anyhow and get back to the office. First lady yells over in a stern voice, you know what you want?! I said no could I have a menu? (Seems as I interrupted her day or something, no smile) So.. no real warm fuzzies when you come into this place. Okay.. well we'll move on. I order the chicken chow mien. As I sit there waiting for it another lady comes out and she's much older, now this chick really looks like she need a happy meal.  I ask her if I can get a small drink while I wait. I go with the Tai Tea and I just ask, does that have caffeine in it? She looks at me like I'm wasting her time and says all tea have caffeine. (yes tea no teas). Anyhow, I'm thinking.. wow these people are just having a shitting day or all of the women are on the same cycle today. So.... I"m checking the place out. It's crammed, it cluttered, there is crap stacked on crap behind the front counter, I see through a fridge with bags and drinks in it that looks like my break room fridge at work. Anyhow, I get my food... it's average at the best. Chicken seems like it was frozen then microwaved as it's rubbery and the noodles are pretty much what I could make on a drunken college night. So.. yeah... no I'm not a fan... enjoy.
5	Chicken pad Thai. Best in the east valley. I could eat it everyday. Glad I live right around the corner!!!!
3	This place is stuck between a sketchy massage place & a head shop so it wasn't hard to decide on thai food considering my other option was either a bong or a rub n tug! Asked for 7 heatwise and it was probably a 3... Food was barely average and they serve no Singha or beer of any flavor
5	STILL MY FAVORITE THAI RESTAURANT!!! I have yet to find a decent Thai restaurant in Jacksonville, and had to come back to Arizona to get good Thai food. I was sooooo happy with my meal tonight. And the prices are so cheap! The curry noodles, masaman beef, pineapple rice, and panang curry... all amazing! We have so much left over we will be eating for two days. The only small complaint is that this location is very small.
5	It is a small place and on busy nights do takeout. Great food for sure.  I have not tried a dish that wasn't good. Their food is prepared with care. We eat here often and always take extra home.
5	This is one of my favorite Thai restaurant's EVER!! I wish they had moor seating because they're always busy. The food is wonderful! The staff are super friendly. I've had most of the menu at this point and everything has been great!
5	The food is always great here. It's my go to place for Thai food in the valley. I tried almost all of them and this one has the most flavorful food of any of them. It's a bit of a hole in the wall but I kind of love that charm. It's relatively inexpensive. But the food is always awesome. I love the Panang curry and the Tom Yum Ga soup.
5	Decided to try thai house one night for take out, and I'm glad! The yellow curry is some of the best I've ever had and the phad thai/chicken satay were delicious as well. Service was quick and the staff is friendly! Great location near Superstition Springs mall.
5	I absolutely adore this place. Probably my favorite restaurant ever!It's in a shabby plaza, hidden between a barber and a mattress store. So small you can barely see it! The dining area has maybe 4 tables and a counter with 4 chairs, and I love how cozy it is.The staff are always smiling. The manager, an older woman with bright lipstick, is always happy to see you. She will ask how your day is, and start a conversation. She is sweet and funny. The radio always plays American pop music, and it makes me smile. There are always people coming in and out for takeout. There may not be many people sitting down for their food, but you can bet their business is still booming.The food is so quick, it's amazing. I'll get an order maybe ten minutes later. And the curry is fantastic. I really recommend the panang curry. It's so creamy and savory, a bite of heaven. I have tried all of their curries and man oh man they can not do me wrong.Prices are even better. Portion size is equivalent to 3 meals for me, at about 7.50. And as much rice as you need! Holy crap!Their Thai tea is also very strong and rich. I get it every time!What a fantastic restaurant. I eat there whenever I can, and will do so forever!
5	Easily the best Thai food in Arizona. The dining room is small and the bar is short but the service is prompt and the curries are fantastic. This place is a family favorite and they never disappoint.
5	This place is awesome. We went there and although the eating area is really small, the service is top notch. We ordered our food, and I couldn't believe how fast they brought it out. I was worried it wouldn't be hot and fresh but it was right off the stove. They let you choose spicyness of 1-5. I had the 3 and it was great. My wife went for the 2 and it was a little too spicy for her, but I thought it was pretty mild. Overall, outstanding service, speedy food, and delicious. Love it.
5	The red curry is excellent!
3	This place is super small; hidden next to smoke shop and Asian massage parlor.  There are 5 tables squished together in "dining room" (if you can even call it that) adjacent to a 3 stool bar top. It was a but confusing walking in and trying Yo figure out where to pick up my to go order or where to sit even while waiting, but the owner (I think) asked my name and said I was early, but they quickly make the food for me. I ordered Pad Thai, which was very good. A little too liquidity for me, but good. I also ordered Clear Noodle Soup... this wasn't the typical clear noodle soup I'm use to at Thai restaurants,  but the broth was good. Something in it I didn't care for, but I could put my finger on it. Would I order again here, maybe?!? There is just so many Asian restaurants to try in this area and so little time.
2	Sooooo disappointed. I used to work at a Thai restaurant and I had been craving it terribly since coming back to Arizona, so I was pretty excited when I found this place; it was pretty close by and had lots of great reviews. I brought my little sister, who has never had Thai food before, and it makes me sad that this had to be her first experience. She claims to love spicy food, but I know she can't handle it quite as well as she thinks, so I got a level 2 spicy on both dishes, since we were going to share. It was waayyy hotter than I had expected for being a 2 out of 5, and I have eaten my share of hot, authentic Thai food. My sister was hardly able to take two bites without a big gulp of water. We ordered the shrimp Pad Thai and the Pad See Ew with beef, which I figured would be good introductory dishes. They were both very stale and old looking and tasting, though it took a long time to get to us from the kitchen (although there were only 4 of us in the restaurant...) so I assume they made it after the order was sent. Neither dish was fresh at all, the shrimp were NOT an ideal texture and the sauce on both dishes were not very good, the consistency was decent but lacking the proper flavor. The noodles and vegetables were limp and old. The Pad See Ew was slightly more palatable and my sister enjoyed it. Really the only saving grace was that the staff was very friendly, attentive, and personable to us. This is not a place I would recommend if you want GOOD Thai food.The environment was kind of old and shabby, as others have mentioned, but that really didn't bother me at all. What did bother me, was that there was trash sitting ALL over the place. There was not a clear space at the bar free from plates and cups and take out boxes and several tables were left covered as well. None of it was cleaned up in the time we spent there. I will be continuing my search to find good Thai food in Mesa, since it's not to be found here.
4	Great value lunch.  Best egg drop and veggie soup on the side.  Pad Thai at 3 spice had some heat on it.
5	yum yum yum!  Walking in this place I noticed that it is a little hole in the wall so I thought this could either be really good or really bad.  I tried curry for the first time today at this place so I was a little nervous but it was delicious!!  I ordered the one that starts with an M (I'm not even going to try to spell it.)  My daughter ordered the orange chicken and it was the best we have ever had.  My dad had the chicken teryaki which he did not love and my mom had a salad called larg I think which was not my favorite either.  But I think we were just not used to the flavors.  I am still giving this place 5 stars because of the orange chicken and the curry.
5	Place is ridiculously small...they would really benefit from an expansion. That said, the food is so awesome it doesn't matter.  Personal favorites - Green Papaya Salad, Larb, Spicy Eggplant, and the Tom Yum Soup. But everything I've ever had there is top notch. Highly recommend.
4	Little hole in the wall with yummy pineapple curry! The spicy level is high. I got 3 out of 5 and it made me sweat!! The bathroom was super hot and stinky with rotten lemons sitting in a cup. The waitress was a bit stingy with the lemons, with I did not appreciate. I did not enjoy the crowded environment, but the food was worth it.
3	The food was good, but the customer service was horrible. Maybe in Thailand you could treat people this way, but we are in the USA. Would of given a two or one but food was good.
5	Our favorite Thai place in the east valley.  Wish we lived closer so we could visit more often. Great place to eat family style. It gets busy during dinner time and not many seats but worth the wait.
1	This place was horrible. We are Thai food lovers and we have been to the Thai house in Scottsdale several times and had a wonderful experience. When we walked in, it was hot and stuffy and smelled of old fish. We ordered tom yum soup and glass noodle soup. The tom yum did not have any lemongrass, kefir leaves or basil- it tasted like frozen shrimp in a fish broth. The rice noodle soup tasted exactly like Lipton cup-o-soup with green onions added to it to give it that extra boost of flavor. We got our food to go and threw it in the garbage can outside of the full release massage parlor next door. Quickest waste of 30.00 ever!
4	This is a quaint place in a strip mall off Power Rd. The owner and who I presume is her daughter are very nice and remember me each time. However, I don't always feel that they are super attentive if there are other dine-in patrons when I'm picking up take-out.I'm not a fan of the pad Thai, as I find theirs kind of wet and slimy. I LOVE, however, the panang. I do shrimp and tofu. Both are amazing. I don't love tail-on shrimp, but the flavor is great. The mango sticky rice is fantastic as well (when it's in season).
4	Wanted Thai one evening and just did not want to drive far. Remembered seeing Thai House close to home and thought we would give it a try. SO glad we did!! Small interior with seating for approx. 20 or so but did notice a lot of take orders heading out the door. The interior was very clean with minimal decor.Service was courteous and fast.The food (saving the BEST for last) was amazing. I had the curry and it was great. Loaded with chicken, lots of veggies that still maintained that slight crunch. The heat index was just as I had ordered. A very generous portion of "done just right" rice. Prices were very affordable.We will return here again & again to sample other menu items.
5	I've eaten at 4 Thai places within the last month, and this is by far the best Thai food.  Quick service, great presentation, flavor is great. Owner is friendly and helpful. Glad this place is here.
1	The meat here tastes nasty-so nasty I had to send it back.  I tried a curry chicken dish and the beef with eggplant.  The curry was good if it was without the chicken. When I sent it back the lady got so mad and started yelling in her language =/  I felt so weird.  What horrible customer service!  And then she said to me, "that is the last eggplant today-NO MORE." I was like oooookaaayyy whatever that meant lol  I would never ever come back.  The restaurant looks dirty and there is no health grade rating posted anywhere (and we all know why).  I wonder what they are trying to hide.  Anyways, do yourself a favor and go to Thai Chili.
1	Negative stars.  This place is FILTHY in Mesa.  Disgusting.  I ordered pad thai and it looked like noodles with hot hot sauce on them.  The salad was bitter, the pass thai had a horrible flavor-  I was very polite and said it didn't taste right to me, it RUINED my appetite and I didn't want anything else.  They REFUSED to take it off the bill (I ate one tiny bite) because "other people like it".  I called back to complain, the owner said she was too busy.  I NEVER send food back- this was inedible and I still can't get that taste out of my mouth an hour later.  Beware of this place, and hope you never have to use the restroom.  Most disgusting restaurant I've visited in awhile.
