4	This restaurant is actually in a cellar.  The kitchen dishes out straightforward, fresh seafood. For appetizers try Chesapeake Bay crab cakes or oysters.  Try entres such as Idaho trout, Yakimono Hawaiian ahi, or grilled salmon.They also offer a huge 5-pound Maine lobster.
4	"Really good food. The fillet was done to perfection, as was the live Maine lobster. The sides were plentiful, but too much so, although I was a bit disappointed by the steamed vegetables... way too much of one vegetable for my taste (zucchini)... The escargot was delicious, and seasoned perfectly. The cake for dessert [so I'm told, i don't indulge in that vice, but the person telling me is someone who knows their cakes...] was incredible. Ordered it to taste and then take the rest home, but the only way her plate would have been emptier when she was done if she had licked it clean..."
3	I've only been in the bar for happy hour - not in the dining room. There are great deals to be had at their happy hour but you have to get there early because they really do fill up, it's a very small bar.I wasn't a fan of the stuffed oysters. I also didn't care for the littleneck clams but I am not a big clam fan anyway.But try the smoked marlin - BEST DISH ON THE MENU. I didn't even want to try it but when I did, it was the most delicious thing there. That's what I keep going back for!
5	Forget McCormick & Schmick's , Fish Market... make this your Seafood destination instead... I guess one might be trepidatious in having seafood in an arid, land locked desert- but fret not- you're in for a treat- surely if they can put a hockey team in a desert- why not a stellar seafood restaurant...Go ahead put on that bib and try exotic presentations from Chilean bass to marlins to staples like a bucket of old fashioned Alaskan crab legs or surf and turf combos...Then catch a game with the Coyotes!
5	I can't say enough about how great of a happy hour spot this is, other than in my pretentiousness about living central, i will drive the half hour in awful traffic to partake in the coldest St Pauli Girl in the valley and eat amazingly delicious half-priced fresh seafood appetizers. OK, so happy hours should be cheap, and this one is C-H-E-A-P-E-R than if you actually ate at the restaurant portion and not the bar, but if you dive into all of the apps like i do, it will add up very quickly.  Still, the bar itself has so much character and being in the deep Arizona soil makes this place otherworldly on a hot Phoenix afternoon.  Careful, emerging back up to the surface will bite -- what with all that seafood and previously mentioned St Pauli Girl.This place is GREAT, and looking forward to eating a real meal here in their actual dining room.
4	Good food, great atmosphere... This place is entirely underground, all you'll see when you drive up is a little shack-like building. The seafood is only fresh and well prepared. Drinks are well poured (strong). I hear happy hour here is a good deal.
5	The ambience is unforgettable. You actually go underground to get to the bar/restaurant. This is a must in the summer when the sun is scorching your skin. It is so cool and relaxing! The margaritas are very well made and the seafood is divine! This is such a cool place to impress out of towners or first timers, but don't tell them they're going underground before hand. The look of surprise on their faces is worth the wait. This restaurant/bar is one of the desert's best surprises! The food isn't cheap but isn't ridiculously priced either. Happy Hour Hurrah! My margarita lime vote for Salt Cellar is 10 Limes as the margaritas are so yummy!
4	This was a unique place as it is actually an undergroud cellar.  We were iffy about trying seafood in the desert but it turned out to be very good.  We liked the atmosphere a lot.  We arrived for a 7:30 reservation and got seated about 8:20 which was not exactly a good start.  They bought us a complimentary round of drinks which I thought was a nice touch and then when were finally seated, they bought us another round which was very generous.  My initial reaction therefore had mixed feelings.  From that point on the meal was great.  We all ordered fresh fish dishes--Halibut, monkfish, Ahi, and Scallops.  All were cooked perfectly and enjoyed by all.  We shared everything and everyone was quite satisfied.  The service was very good from a waitress named Cara who was knowledgeable and quite personable.  Good experience overall.  I would actually give this 4 1/2 stars for the glitch with the reservation.
4	This is the best seafood joint in town. The happy hour is excellent (half priced oysters - hoooyaa!) The Lobster so fresh and delicious (for AZ). During dinner they have reasonably priced wines (which is nice when you're dropping 40 bucks on a lobster). It also rocks that the place seems so small from above and it is always cool to impress guests that it is underground.. especially in the summer. The only drawback is the dining area seating, it is really cramped, so don't go expecting romantic secluded tables. Other reviewers have noted the high price, but you get what you pay for and where are they finding all this cheap seafood anyways?
4	Fresh Sea Food is what makes a sea food restaurant in the desert.  Salt Cellar has created a science that allows them to have such a unique menu.  If your looking for large lobsters by the lb then you have to check this place out.  I rationalize a heavy purchase of a lobster when I share it with someone and still have more than 2 lbs on my plate.  The Salt Cellar is one of the only fine dinning experience that is open late.
4	I would say this is definitely the best seafood I have had in AZ so far.  Really great food and great decor as well.  You pull up and wonder if you are in the right place but then you enter and go downstairs and see that the entire place is underground.  It all looks and feels like the inside of a ship and its surprisingly a very nice feeling.We had the crab cakes for an appetizer and then the stuffed lobster and the king crab legs.  Everything was very good.  Crab Cakes -They were great.  Not huge but great.  Almost no breading so tons of crab and a very nice dipping sauce that I can't recall.Stuffed Lobster -Nicely sized lobster with all of the meat intact (sometimes I feel that places replace some of the meat with the stuffing to use the meat elsewhere).  The stuffing was very good but seemed like a lot of breading.  Very nice dish though.King Crab Legs -These were great.  Very fresh.  No saltiness, fishiness, or hint of freezer burn that you get many times with king crab legs.  Quite a nice touch that the waitress cracks all of the shells for you tableside and even leaves all the kunckle meat easily accessible.  All the legs were an ok size but not huge.  They were cooked perfectly though.Overall I would say great seafood and a menu with tons of variety and fresh items.  It was a little over priced though.  Pretty much every dish was at least $30 and most were high $30s.  Not obnoxiously expensive but a little much.
2	It seems like a cool idea, and as you park and see this unassuming building and begin the trek down the stairs it seems like it might be a cool night after all. Unfortunately, after that it is just ok. The service was ok, the food, some good, some not so great. I guess it is hard to expect great seafood this far from the ocean, but I have had better here in the valley.On top of that it is underground, so if you are unfortunate enough to go on a day Sally and Bob decide to bring their rug rats, (think acoustics and screaming children) the whole thing just sucks. It is also quite expensive for my taste. $100 for 2 people and no cocktails.
4	I really love this place, for three reasons:1) That nearly the entire restaurant is underground is really cool. There's something retro about that, though the place itself does feel modern.2) It's romantic, mostly because there are no windows and so it has very low light. It isn't noisy either - everyone there (when I went anyway) seemed to understand that the mood was low key.3) The lobster is actually fresh. They did what they had to do to get fresh lobster to the restaurant the day I showed up to eat it. You do pay for that kind of freshness of course, but please believe me - this is ALWAYS better than eating rubbery, whiffy lobster. If you're going to eat lobster without leaving town, pay the extra for it or stay home.It is a fabulous date restaurant. SO LEAVE YOUR KIDS AT HOME. The darkness and closed in feeling didn't work with the one that was there when I was, which was the one downside - a downside the restaurant had nothing to do with, of course.Otherwise, perfect.
5	My husband and I have been here 4 times in the last 2 years and each time it was wonderful.  We have always had great service and the food is divine.  I actually crave the house dressing they have!!!My favorite is the crab and scallop stuffed lobster.  It is so tasty!  Love the atmosphere, it's where we go for special dates.  The wait staff cracks your crab legs and lobster for you - that rocks.  At the end of the meal they bring you warmed moist lemon towels to take the sea food smell off of your hands.The only negative:  they charge for refills of sodas.  Order water instead.
5	Great place to eat seafood, now i'm from Alexandria, Egypt on the meditteranean born and raised, so sea food is in my blood, i was very impressed with this place, the rockefeller oysters were great, and the atmosphere is very cool.The place is a bit loud and busy but that just adds to the experience!
3	The only thing REALLY cool about this place is that it's underground.  Our visit to the Cellar was not too impressive.  We sat at the bar and had some kind of overpriced shrimp and mushrooms served in a strange sauce.  It was not what I was expecting.  I ordered a beer and the bartender seemed nice enough, but he also seemed like he was burned out after working behind that particular bar for what must be 20 years.  The beer was served in a bottle and, as usual, overpriced.  A glance at the menu revealed some VERY expensive dinners.  I was SHOCKED to see that these prices were twice what Carlsbad Tavern or Richardson's was.   However, it was kind of neat to see this one "old school" patron choose his LOBSTER out of the tank.  The timid hostess grabbed the LOBSTER with a net and scurried back the the kitchen was a look of "ewwww" on her face.   So, on a 10 scale, this place was about a 7 when I was hoping for a 9.  At least the atmosphere was good and the smell was nice.  :)
5	I really love this place! The restaurant is an old salt cellar hence the name and underground. It's a great date night or celebratory place to dine. Staff is always friendly and most importantly the seafood is always fresh! I have to admit I am a creature of habit at this place and always order the king crab legs-they crack them for you!!! It's the simple things in life:) Cell phones don't usually work either so it's a nice escape from listening to people have loud conversations while trying to eat a nice meal.
3	My boyfriend and I went here for happy hour and dinner before a play on Friday night. I love that they are underground. It does add a romantic feel to the place. We started with a couple of oyster shots and stuffed baked clams in the bar. The oysters and clams are $1.50 each during HH and the stuffed baked clams were $1.75 each. The stuffed clams were large and yummy. The shooters were good too but they came with a lot of sauce. They have a cute bar so I can see myself coming here for HH again. My one complaint is that I ordered the stuffed clams when we were in the bar having drinks and they were taking quite some time. While we were waiting the hostess came and got us because our table was ready and told us that they would bring the clams when they were ready to our table. Well we were seated, ordered and got our salads and still no stuffed clams (which I paid for at the bar, they made sure I closed out before I was seated). We notified our waitress and she said that no one had told her anything. She checked and then came back and said they had put in a wrong order and they were just baking. I understand places make mistakes but once someone has been waiting at least 25-30 minutes for something that should have taken 10 at the max, then comp the item or offer a comped dessert. We got neither. Anyway dinner was good. Their salad had a bit too much of the vinaigrette. I had the stuffed lobster and it was a lot of food. My boyfriend had the petite fillet and said it was cooked perfectly but lacked flavor. I'd still give this place another try.
1	Seriously.....F*** this place!  Disgusting food and shitty service, ambience is great if you like to dine in a hot cellar engulfed in stagnated air.  Truly it is over rated, over priced, and they just under deliver.  Forget trying to order a drink here, it will take forever to get and when it finally does arrive you will be ready to pass out from heat exhaustion and lack of oxygen.  How's that for a head change, you don't even have to pay for it!I won't disgust you with the detailed review of everything I have tried here, but to make it simple, it all sucks!  And after you get the bill you will be walking out with a sore ass!  Save your money and spare your self the disappointment.
5	OK, well I have been a lurker here on YELP for the better part of a year, and I finally made an account because I had to get this out.SHRIMP SAN REMO.  Order it, eat it, dip bread into the sauce, take it home and marry it.  It is unreal, and they will not tell me what it's made of.  Share with someone as it is VERY rich.Other highlights from the happy hour:-Shrimp cocktail w/killer cocktail sauce (very strong horseradish heat).-Bucket o mussels or clams-Clam chowder (more broth-ey than thick)-Great crabcake-Stuffed clams-The oysters rockefeller are excellentI mainly go for happy hour, but when having dinner here with the folks, it has always been excellent.   The bartenders are awesome and friendly, make strong drinks, and have been working here for years.  That tells you something right there.    I really think some of the reviewers before me were a bit harsh.  Best seafood in the valley, and a LOCAL business.
1	This place used to be amazing.  My favorite memories of past years is going to this seafood place with my parents.  It's not the same anymore.We went for my wife's 30th birthday.  My dad decided to join us.  My wife ordered steak and shrimp, my dad ordered steak, I ordered a crab stuffed lobster.  I have had the crab stuffed lobster many times before.  I was craving it.We got our appetizer's.  Dad got snails, wife and I shared steamers.  My dad was happy with the snails.  But then again, how can you go wrong with snails doused in garlic and butter?  The steamers were steamed little neck clams in a garlic broth.  It was not long neck clams like the rest of the world calls steamers.  I wasn't about to argue with the server that these are the wrong clams.The food came and for the first time in my life I was asking the server to take back my meal before I even tried it.  It looked dry and over cooked.  I told the server I've had this dish many times before and this is not the way it's supposed to be.  He told me this is what it's supposed to look like and begged me to try it.  I took one bite and I couldn't even swallow it because it was so dry.  Of course the server was gone by this point and didn't come back for 10 minutes to ask me how it was.While I was waiting for the server to return, I told my family I was just going to get the steak.  They just shook their head and told me not to.  I took one bite of my dad's steak and spat it out.  How do you screw up steak this bad?  It tasted like beef jerky and butter.  My dad and wife would have complained too, but it's my wife's birthday and I am already stealing her thunder.  I swapped my meal out for a steamed lobster.  How do you screw up a steamed 1 1/2 lobster?  Fortunately, that came out fine.So we left hungry and $300 poorer.  I used to not mind paying the money they charged but now, it is not worth it.  I am really hoping people stop coming here so they can just close down.
4	Atmosphere: Very cool how you go underground. The ambiance was very dark and moody (somewhat romantic for a date night).Food: GREAT. Had a wonderful appetizer that was to die for. Ordered the whole lobster for dinner. Was a little tough, but still tasty.Downside: A bit smelly! I suspect because of the underground nature of the restaurant there is not a ton of ventilation, so there was a very strong fishy smell.Definitely will go there again. I am a huge seafood fan and enjoyed my meal very much so. Thumbs up!
5	Not your typical flashy Scottsdale hang out....  Sounds good to me!  I like the old school interior it is kinda comforting in some sort of historic way.  The food however is to write home about!  For being in the middle of the desert their seafood in phenominal!  King crab and the mussles are my favorite!!! Happy dining!
1	I visited last night w/ my family and WILL NOT ever return nor make a positive recomendation.  The hostess was exceptionally rude commenting on our attire, "Have you seen the ones that just walked in?" even though were dressed similarly to other patrons.The food was below average and the prices high.  I had the shrimp scampi and left it unfinished as it tasted like it was cooked in bathroom cleaner.  There are certainly other seafood places with better quality service and food for less expensive, definitley not worth the $$$.Our table server was pleasant and professional, much more than I can say for the hostess.  Do not waste your time or $$$ there.
2	Happy hour was dreadful. I did not dig the crowd either, not a very happening place. could have potential because of the cool basement feeling. however, not a lot of options
2	Maybe I'm the fool but I still don't see what the any of the talk is about the Salt Cellar.  Mind you, I'm not comparing it to other seafood restaurants in the valley.  I'm comparing it to other seafood restaurants period.  There is nothing about the Salt Cellar that have ever stood out for me, except the price and I don't find this place worth the cost.  I'd go elsewhere.
4	I've been going to the Salt Cellar for years. I find the food to be consistently good and the service is outstanding.  We went for dinner last night and it was up to par.  We ordered our standard fare which is:Shrimp San Remo appetizer (so, so delicious)1 1/4 pd lobster with the baked potatoBlackened Georgia's Bay scallops - add the extra Crab LegsKey Lime Pie
4	The Sale Cellar is an Arizona institution and is one of a kind. I take colleagues from out of town there for business dinners regularly and they usually ask to go back when they return to town. Make sure to get the Shrimp San Remo appetizer. If you're having a hard time deciding on an an entree, stick to the specials, as it's always fresh.
4	Best in the Valley, it's as good as Ocean's Club in North Scottsdale and not as expensive. I LOVE the happy hour, they also have a reverse happy hour for all you night owls! Great service, fresh and delicious seafood. I'm comparing this to seafood, not just to Phx seafood! It's as good as it gets in the desert.  Love the atmosphere, don't blink, or you might miss it. It looks like an ice shanty on the outside, but opens up underground!
3	For our 1 year anniversary, we finally made it to the Salt Cellar.REALLY??? GET SOME VENTS IN THIS PLACE.  MAYBE EVEN TURN ON THE AIR CONDITIONER.  It was hot and stuffy.  It had a strong odor of fish that punches you right in the nose the second that you head down the stairs.That being said..this place is a one of the kind and absolutely worth visiting.  This is type of place that I would love to bring guest from out of town...a really neat and interesting restaurant experience.  The facility itself is well worn, interesting, and a bit eclectic.The food was HIGH quality and very well prepared. We started with the Shrimp San Remo (which I read about on Yelp) and it was excellent.  I have never had anything  like it.  The sauce was even better on bread.  And the mushrooms...oh the mushrooms...oh how I loved thee. I had the stuffed lobster and Ash had the King Crab.  Both were very well prepared and absolutely scrumptious.  The wait and bar staff were all super friendly and well versed on the menu (our waitress even cracked our lobster and crab for us.)  The service was great and they did a very good job of taking care of us.I will say that being seated at 8:20 for our 7:30 reservations was frustrating and we met several other parties who had also been waiting nearly an hour.  It does make me wonder was this an off night...or why take reservations if you can't even come close to seating at the reserved time?Overall...I would say you should try it.
5	Oh man, I've been saying it for months & months, people (aka friends), you have to check out reverse happy hour at Salt Cellar! I do wish there were wine specials (hint hint S.C.) but the food is so outstanding, I couldn't care less about the drink specials they actually do have ($2.75 well drinks & fairly priced beer for those who DO care). My friend & I shared several apps which is the best way because you get to try a bit of everything. We devoured almost the entire bucket of mussels that come with a white wine sauce and of course, warm butter. Then the escargo and oysters rockefellar showed up and it was all I could do to not inhale the snails. Ha, that rhymes...anyhoo, be careful not to dive in right away because you may burn your esophogus. Just a fair warning.  The Salt Cellar exceeds with service and delicious food -- it's almost 2nd nature to them -- but the plate presentation all the way down to the side sauces add to every bit of mouth orgasm you can imagine...and this is just happy hour at the bar! Just wait til you can try their entrees!!I love the Salt Cellar for it's food, but the chill, intimate & classicly styled atmoshere adds to the enjoyable experience. Of course, a great friend who makes you laugh is the bright cherry on a terrific sundae. Or in our case, a Wednesday night :)
4	I am a huge fan of the reverse Happy Hour also.As far as seafood and appetizers go, the San Remo shrimp is great.I  enjoy doing Oyster shooters right at the bar with absolute and cocktail sauce.The bartenders are old school and friendly.
4	Compared to other seafood places, this place is good but friggin' expensive.  Compared to other seafood places in Phoenix, it's friggin' awesome but still friggin' expensive.  It has been a couple of years since we've been there so I can't say how the place is now but the seafood tasted fresh and the service was good (though not great).  With tax and tip, we spent a good $150 there and I think only ordered one drink.  The restuarant itself is kind of neat.  You go there and all you see is a parking lot with a door and three walls.  The restaurant is actually underground.  I think it's worth going for special occassions, especially since it's so hard to find good seafood places in the valley, IMO.
3	We came here to celebrate my boyfriend's Bday last year and found it to be a little on the stuffy side.  Dinner for the both of us was around $200 and I didn't feel it was money well spent.  Granted, we did order a ton of food and ate every last morsel...and didn't even have room for dessert.We were seated in a table in a room that felt a little too stuffy & clammy and a little too cramped.  We got the lobster and thought it was pretty good (although on the chewy side), several oyster appetizers (the oyster Rockefeller was really heavy and dense) and escargot.Maybe we'll have to come back to check out the reversed HH that seems to be popular here.
5	Best seafood restaurant! I got the stuffed lobster and my boyfriend got the steak and crab. Everything was done perfectly and we both really loved what we got. Especially mine. They stuffed it with scallops, crab, and of course stuffing. I love that its underground. The decor is kinda outdated but that sorta adds to its charm. Its pretty small so if its any sort of holiday or event I would definitely recommend reservations since the place is pretty small.  As a side note our server said they had a 9 lb lobster available to order!
5	Stepping into this establishment is like stepping into New England on the coast.  This place is so charming, I love how its entry door is a little shack, and leaves one with woderment of what is to come once you walk in, and down the staircase.  The lighting is slightly dim, giving way to a great spot for a romantic date, or just an elegant touch to any dining experience.  The seafood is amazing quality, fresh, and although a bit pricey, its worth it as AZ doesn't have an ocean, so save a little to enjoy the dishes here.  My favorite is the salmon wellington, and don't forget about the escargot!  By far the best seafood offerings in Arizona, in my opinion.  When its hot out in the middle of the summer, hide in the Salt Cellar, where its cool and charming.  Its a great place to go to all year long, especially great for birthdays/anniversaries.
4	A little outdated, but then again so am I.  After driving by Salt Cellar for 3 years, we finally ventured in or maybe I should say we ventured "under."  It's quite small inside.  Maybe space underground is at a premium?  We had requested a booth after a suggestion in another review, and were accommodated after a short wait in the bar.  Good decision as seating is somewhat tight, but those booths are huge!Seafood is obviously their specialty, but there are beef and chicken options on the menu as well.  We started with Shrimp San Remo as recommended by our server, and it was definitely recommendation worthy.  I could have skipped the shrimp and just had the bowl of sauce and a basket of bread and been completely happy.I ordered scallops, sauteed in butter and sherry with fresh mushrooms.  How can you go wrong there?  Only if the scallops are gritty or overcooked, and they were neither.  Perfect.  My husband ordered another recommended dish, baked stuffed lobster.  A whole lobster stuffed with shrimp and crab.  Tell me that isn't an ingenious idea!But here's one of my favorite things about Salt Cellar.  I like crab, but never order it because it's just too much work to eat it.  Not here.  They do the dirty work for you at the table.  Now that's a reason for me to go back, even if I have to look at gold picture frames!
4	Went here for a nice dinner out with my boyfriend and it was wonderful, he called and made a reservation and as soon as we got there we were seated.Menu wasn't incredibly big but big enough i suppose. He got the shrimp and steak combo and he is a HUGE shrimp junkie and he loved it. I tried his steak and that was pretty good too, cooked just right. I got the nut mahi mahi and it was pretty good too. The layer of nuts and stuff on top of it was almost to much but it was still good. Service was great, the lady that seats you starts your drinks and gets them promptly to you and then our server was very attentive all night but wasn't bothering us too much. Decor is clearly outdated but the underground thing is very coolIt was good and i know we will go back!
4	I haven't been to the Salt Cellar in a few years BUT I do remember having crab and fillet mignon and it was DELICIOUS! The place is a little cramped and dark but it was still a nice experience.  So far its the best fillet mignon I have ever had.
4	Despite the mixed reviews, I had to give this place a try since it's nearby and has the unique setting of being underground.People are right when they say you can smell seafood as soon as you enter, but it kind of added to the ambiance in a nostalgic, strange way. I sat in the bar, and the bar does not serve the full menu. I was fine with that, since I only wanted an appetizer and a glass or two of wine.The Appetizer I wanted was the infamous shrimp san remo. I was intrigued with it after seeing it on their website, then people raved about it here. All my expectations were met, it is truly decadent with a sauce that bounds with flavor. The bread is a perfect accompaniment to dip in the san remo, especially the ciabatta, which was excellent.They have a good wine list, I started with a chardonnay, the Diamond T, which pairs perfectly with seafood - a little pricey at $12.50 a glass, but apparently it can range to up to $100 a bottle, so actually a great deal. The best chardonnay I've had in a long time! I also had the David Bruce pinot noir, which was well balanced with a pleasant array of berry notes, yet still quaffable, and a great way to close the evening.I only gave it 4 stars because I have yet to try an entree, which I will since I will definitely return. Go just for the san remo and treat yourself.
4	I have been to The Salt Cellar 4 times.  Although, I can't tell you what I had for entree on each visit, but I remember my appetizer, "Sauteed Shrimp San Remo."  It's my favorite item on the menu.  The sauce is divine!  Just imagine, perfectly cooked shrimp in a dish filled with flavorful garlic and butter sauce.  It's the kind of sauce that you don't want to share with any one.  You just want to soak every bit of it with a piece of bread and let it slowly melts in your mouth.Service was terrific for me.  Each server was knowledgable and able to make good recommendations.
4	I read other Yelp reviews before coming here and ordered accordingly: Shrimp San Remo and Stuffed Lobster. Both are very good. Shrimp San Remo is in a buttery, garlicky herb-filled broth with a slightly spicy aftertaste. The shrimp are average-sized - not too big, definetly not too small, and surround large chunks of portabella mushroom. Filet mignon came out cooked to perfection and King crab legs are enormous and cracked tableside by your server, as are lobster claws. The lobster is stuffed with a bread mix that contains king crab and scallops. The scallops are whole and a little over an inch in diameter. I counted two. I felt that the stuffing was a little over-the-top as it detracted from the lobster itself, which IMO should be the star of the plate. But that doesn't mean it wasn't good and I would recommend it to anyone going to The Salt Cellar for the first time, I just might not order it next time. Some other Yelp reviews mentioned a "musty" smell - I didn't notice this at all. As in, there was no smell. We had a five-star experience with excellent food paired with top-notch service with genuine smiles and friendliness all around. However, I have to dock a star for veggies and bread. They'll charge you a couple of bucks extra for bread to go with the shrimp, which I found odd as clearly, you need something to sop up all that tasty flavor. And the steamed veggies on the plate (zucchini, cauliflower, carrots) were obviously from a pre-cut frozen bag. The dinner salad was bagged, too - the iceberg blend that Dole carries, right down to the skinny carrot slivers. I mean, this is kind of a high-end place, so I wasn't digging that at all.
2	After hearing mixed reviews from friends and reading mixed reviews on Yelp, I finally decided to give this place a try! We walked in on a Saturday night in October to find they had an hour long wait. The bar was wide open, so we decided to go that route instead. We were informed when we sat down that we could only order appetizers and the bar. This to me was very disappointing. I decided to try and keep an open mind anyway. I ordered the Shrimp San Remo, which came highly recommended on here and thought it was delicious. The sauce was definitely the main attraction. The shrimp were a little on the small side and it only came with six, so I asked if I could get a little side salad of some sorts. Nope, only appetizers at the bar. No salads either. WTH?!?! My boyfriend ordered the mussels appetizer and said they tasted like the mussels you buy at Fry's down the street. So unfortunately, my first experience was not so good. I would be willing to try it again if I am able to order off the full menu. Not being able to order the full menu at the bar when the place isn't that busy is ridiculous in my opinion!
5	I really think this place is the best place to get quality seafood in Arizona. The food is pricey but well worth the money. Service is top notch and the atmosphere is perfect for couples looking for a romantic dining experience. Make sure to get reservations though!
4	Salt Cellar was an amazing seafood dinner that included both lobster and steak. I took my girlfriend for her birthday and she got the swordfish topped with mango, which was also amazing. We had the crabcakes and shrimp san remo for appetizers, 5 glasses of the Emerald bay house chard($5 a glass, not bad) two entrees and a snickers cheesecake desert for $148 with tax. Definitely one of the best meals in Scottsdale and extremely impressive service, our waiter knew when to come around and when to leave us alone. Big Ups Salt Cellar.
5	My & my husband's favorite restaurant! We love happy hour with discounted prices on our favorite appetizers - the turtle soup is amazing!  We recently got shrimp san remo but not during happy hour - I hope it's on the HH menu because it is great! My husband's favorite dinner entree is the stuffed lobster. I've had one or two of the scallop entrees which were delicious although there was not a lot of food. I got the Ahi tuna once (which is my FAVORITE fish) but it was REALLY thoroughly cooked which was very disappointing - I didn't say anything though and I'm thinking that they probably would have been happy to redo the dish for me had I said anything. The staff is always delightful. Also, the fish is super-fresh - they fly everything in each day. Yum!
3	The Salt Cellar has been a culinary landmark in the valley since I was just a kid, so I was aware of it's reputation.  I would definitely recommend it based on it's historical significance; however, if you're looking for great all-around seafood experience, you may want to consider some of the other notable seafood restaurants around the valley.The atmosphere is cool - in that, the dining area is located underground, making it dimly lit, and the theme is old nautical.  (Although, I did feel slightly claustrophobic once we were seated and had to quickly down some wine to relax that panic.)  The wait staff was attentive and friendly, and we didn't really have to wait long to be served our drinks or meals.We ordered the Monk Fish, Crab Cakes, Baked-Stuffed Lobster, and the Salmon.  Everything was tasty and fresh, but the flavors were definitely in line with traditional Seafood dishes.  Not that this is a bad thing - I guess I have just become more comfortable with seafood dishes that have something extra regarding flavor.I'm glad that I had the experience - hopefully the Salt Cellar has another 30 years left in it, but if I have the taste for seafood again I probably won't go back.
5	Short and sweet - this is what you should order to make it a great and incredible experience:Appetizer:Oysters Rockefeller or Bucket of ClamsEntree:5 lb. stuffed lobster (not on the menu)(the body cavity doesn't go to waste! they stuff it with giant scallops, bread stuffing, and crab)Your entree also comes with a side salad (do the Tarragon dressing), baked potato and veggies.The server will crack everything for you and sometimes the claw is so large, they have to take it to the back so the chef can do it for them. But most of the time, they can crack it using their leg as the "table".  Amazing staff, always.The hubs and I have been going here every year for our anniversary for the past 11 years and we have never, ever, ever been disappointed.  Trust me!
5	Who'd have thought that in a part of the country where basements are nonexistent, there's a fantastic restaurant that's entirely underground? Salt Cellar has always been my favorite place for sea food in the valley. The quality of the fish is always good and fresh, especially when you consider that Arizona is a landlocked state. My girlfriend and I had a wonderful Valentine's Day dinner at the Salt Cellar. She can't eat shell fish, which eliminates a lot of the items on the menu, but there's plenty of good options to pick from. We split a Halibut ceviche appetizer, which may have been the best ceviche I've ever had. Nothing against shrimp, but the Halibut is much more flavorful. I had Swordfish with mango salsa. The mango salsa was unreal. They left everything cut in big chunks, which was a little shocking at first, but it covered the whole fish, and was quite tasty. The fish itself tasted a little dry to me at first, but as I got to the center, I found that it was perfectly cooked, and the salsa continued to enhance the flavor. My girlfriend had Mahi. I tried a bite, and it was also delicious. Entrees are around the prices you'd expect to pay at this type of establishment. But orders come with a salad, vegetables, and choice of potato or rice. Two glasses of wine, an appetizer, and two entrees cost a little more than $100 (not including tip). Not bad for a special occasion. The place is very small (be prepared to be seated a little too close to the party next to) so reservations are a must. For parties of two, you can make them on Salt Cellar's website. They only thing I think Salt cellar needs is an update. While the dim lighting, wood and nautical theme is cool. The walls and art hanging on them walk a fine line between out of date and nostalgic.
5	this place is great one of my favorite happy hours and if you sit in the dinning room they crack all of your shellfish at our table get the shrimp san remo and ask for extra bread for dipping!
4	3-2-1 Three words:  Bucket of Clams, Two words:  Happy Hour, One word:  Fantastic!Fresh seafood for awesome prices.  Fresh oysters on the half shell are $1.50 each.  They were soooo good.  We ordered two each, and then two more each, and then another two.  Do yourself a favor, and just order at least 6 for each person.  The bucket of clams for $13--so fresh--so good.  The clams are steamed and comes with clam juice and butter to dip, super simple, super delicious.  The shrimp toast is also a must--for $3.50 you'll never look at toast the same again!
5	Everyone at the Salt Cellar is AMAZING!!  The food is killer the service of the staff is impeccable and the owners really do care about their customers.  We had my Moms 50th birthday party there.  It wasn't a small group either, there where 22 of us, for any small restaurant like the Salt Cellar that is a really large party.  The staff was super attentive to all of us making sure my Mom was given extra special care.  Glasses never went dry and food came out quick, hot  and all  together!   I can't express how pleased I am with the wonderful service we received.
4	Salt Cellar is top on our list of seafood restaurants we've found since we moved from the Boston area four years ago.  Ok, so they are a bit focused.  There's little besides seafood, and no sole, calamari steak, walleye, catfish, or finnan haddie, but what they have is excellent.  Anybody should be able to find a seafood they like among lobster, salmon, trout, swordfish, crab, scallops, shrimp, ahi, and sea bass.Sound a little ordinary? If you wonder what really sets them apart, aside from a cozy underground location, try the salmon wellington or the fried oysters.  Food prices are a bit high for regular dining, but the wine list is a bargain, and unlike some fancy places uptown they don't charge extra for a salad or vegetables.
2	Food was very small.Seafood dinner was 5 shrimp and Ar best 5 oz of cod.Food was small salad average, and veggy was mushy.If you are looking for $30 lite meal with white table cloth this may be ok, but I found it over priced and average
1	The Salt Cellar in Scottsdale, Arizona has been around for over thirty years but after our first (and last) visit I think its time has run out.The only thing that has changed over the past thirty years are the charges on the wildly over priced  menu.With $35.95 for a 1 1/4 lb. lobster, almost $39 for Atlantic Halibut and $34 for crab cakes, we expected superlative food. Instead we received dishes that ranged from OK to awful. We started with Escargot on mushroom caps in garlic butter and New England clam chowder.  The clam chowder was a thin bland soup with a goodly supply of clams. The Escargot was chewy in a butter sauce with just a hint of garlic.  My Atlantic Halibut was fishy, dry and hard. After confirming my opinion with my table mates I sent it back. Overcooking Escargot and Halibut at a seafood restaurant should be considered fatal errors. My wife and granddaughter had Crab Cakes and Scallops which they judged just OK. Not good enough for almost $80.00 in (2) entrees. To the restaurant's credit, the Halibut was taken off my bill without asking. The restaurant is literally in a cellar. As the air conditioner cycles, the environment alternates between clammy and freezing.  We had a cocktail waitress (I haven't seen one of those in many years) which is code for over-priced soft drinks in a small glass with no refills. The Food Network has a show, Restaurant Impossible, in which the host,  Robert Irvine, visits failing restaurants and fixes their problems. If he visits the Salt Cellar his first stop should be the kitchen.
1	We were just at the Salt Cellar here in Scottsdale (4 persons). it was the most disgusting place we have been too. Red Lobster has more flavor and better service.. The server and Management had the we could care less about you the customer and your dining experience attitude. The water was full of chlorine and was not drinkable. The soda's were flat and tasteless. The House salads were not prepared , they were just thrown together, The Fish, Swordfish was bland and had no flavor. The Rice was something from Lean Cuisine. My Halibut was under cooked and fishy tasting. The server never asked how our meal was. She was too interested in taking care of the local's who come there often and won't complain . They charged $38.95 per item, for what? DO NOT EAT HERE!! this place gives Scottsdale a bad name for quality restaurants. AGAIN if you want real bad service and food, don't go there.. you will be so sorry you went. ANY TOURISTS FROM OUT OF STATE,, STAY AWAY FROM HERE. DON'T LISTEN TO THE LOCAL'S RECOMMENDING THIS PLACE, THEY HAVE NO IDEA WHAT GOOD FOOD IS.
2	Okay, after seven years of living right down the street from this place I finally decided to check it out. I didn't know what to expect at all, but I had heard good things about the ambiance, food quality, and reverse happy hour.  Long story short, I was disappointed with all of those. Atmosphere was very dark and dreary and the food (although reasonably priced) was very mediocre. We ate off of the reverse-happy-hour menu: Stay away from the shimp bread and calamari, jalapeno poppers and bread basket are tolerable. Overall, the atmosphere was so sad that it made the whole experience very blah.
5	I love love love the steamed clams.  In fact I love everything I have ever tasted here.The bar is a perfect date spot.  Candle lit and quiet, with great appetizers and stiff drinks.  I highly recommend the Salt Cellar for its outstanding seafood and excellent customer service.
4	East coast seafood in a land locked state.  Drinks are small but the San Remo shrimp, raw oysters, mussels and shrimp cocktail are divine.  This restaurant is underground.  Worthy of four + stars!
4	This was such a great meal! I went with my best friend who also loves seafood. We had the half dozen oysters on the half shell and the turtle soup to start. The raw oysters are an old favorite, while the turtle soup is definitely a new one. It was served with a slice of lime and a shot of cooking sherry to be added to taste. The mixed basket of bread on the table was perfect for dipping into the dark flavorful soup (my favorite was the olive bread), and the soup was gone quickly. The turtle meat had been completely removed from the turtle and shredded. It had the consistency of shredded pork, but just a little different. If you've never had it, I highly recommend trying it.  Not only because it's delicious, but because it's always good to step out of your food comfort zone, especially for something so tasty. I promise you will be licking the little bits of turtle meat off of the spoon :-) For the main courses we ordered the swordfish with mango salsa and the pound and a half of king crab legs. The mango salsa was a great contrast to the seared swordfish. It was also perfectly cooked and not too dry, which, in my limited experience, seems to be difficult with swordfish.  The swordfish also came with a salad, steamed veggies and either a baked potato or rice.  Now to finish this off with the best part: the crab legs were amazing! The server asked us if we wanted him to crack them and after saying yes, he dazzled us with his wicked awesome crab leg cracking skills. Every piece was ready to be eaten, and only very little use of the very small fork given, was needed.  On a side note, king crab is the way to go if you have the choice. the smaller opilio crab doesn't ever really give you a good sized bite of crab, but king crab is all big juicy bites of meaty crab goodness. The Salt Cellar was a dimly lit cozy environment.  The walk down the stairs into the cellar should have been a warning that we were going to have to climb out of there, which may have limited out excessive food intake :-) there was a cocktail lounge if you just want to have a beverage, and two dining rooms which have great beach and ocean landscape pictures on the walls.  The staff was very friendly, and so were the live lobsters in the giant tank as you walk in. This is a great place to take a friend or a rather impressive place for a first date.  Just make sure that he/she likes seafood.
2	Overpriced, mediocre food in an ice-cold environment.  I really wanted to like this place - old style, non-pretentious environment ('the un-scottsdale'). But alas, it was freezing cold inside (in November, when I went - wasn't even that hot outside, so why the A/C had to be on full blast is beyond me. Both our dishes were just ok ... not worthy of the price. Has a clearly loyal, regular crowd, which is nice - definitely a 'well known' secret.  But I won't be back.
3	My hubby is obsessed with crab legs, so every year for his birthday I take him out to places I know he can order them. He is always down for Red Lobster, but ugh I'm not, so I searched for an alternative. We had been to Salt Cellar once before, but that was about 4 years ago, so I thought we should check it out again. I made reservations for Saturday at 8pm, but I let them know we were running 30 minutes late & they said that was totally fine because they were a bit backed up that night. We only had to wait about 10 minutes & our table was ready. The dining room is small, I'd guess there were only about 12 tables in there. We got an awkwardly placed table that faced everyone, & since it was up against a wall we had to sit side by side. It sucked but oh well, we were so late I was glad they still sat us! I do love how this place is underground, but the decor is so boring/dated!I can't remember our server's name but he was very nice & checked on us often. For starters we got the bucket of steamed mussels with sides of plain butter & butter with herbs. This bucket seemed bottomless, I swear there were at least 50 mussels in there! One thing that bothered me about this app was that it smelled fishy to me, didn't taste fishy though so we didn't get sick, but still. The complimentary bread & whipped butter they brought out was pretty good. Onto our entrees; hubby got the king crab legs (1.5 lbs) & I got the baked stuffed lobster. Both meals came with a salad, veggies & rice or baked potato. They cracked his crab legs & my lobster at the table & then we dug in. Hubs loved his crab, the meat was fresh & sweet. My lobster was ok, the crab, scallops & bread stuffing were too much for me, I would just order a regular lobster in the future. Total for one cocktail, an app & 2 entrees was about $130 (not including tip). While the food was pretty good & 4 star worthy, I felt it was overpriced & the place lacked any ambiance, so I think 3 stars is appropriate.
5	Another goodie. We went here on Saturday night. Wew had a reservation, but got there a little early and had a drink at the bar. Their happy hour is amazing. We ended up just eating appies at the bar. Their soft shell crab special is amazing!!!
4	This place has an awesome concept! It's underground! Their food has been great the two times I've been there. They have an excellent surf and turf option. Also make sure you start off with the Clam Chowder! Great service, awesome atmosphere. The lighting is a bit dim in there, but hey, it's underground.
5	Having just returned from a stint in Baltimore, I was amazed how dead-on perfect their maryland crab cakes were.  My wife had an amazing stuffed lobster.  Worth every penny, try it out!
4	We went to the Salt Cellar for our wedding anniversary and I really liked this place.  The ambiance was great, the concept of putting the restaurant underground is clever  The service was great, and I think the pricing was reasonable for the quality of the food.  I had the Alaskan King Crab with the filet.  A filet is a filet almost anywhere you go so it was good.  The crab was for sure above average.  My husband got the stuffed lobster tail with the filet and the stuffed lobster was the best I've ever tasted.   They gave us a free dessert b/c we were celebrating our anniversary so we ordered the amaretto cheesecake....ah-may-zing.  Expect to spend around $150 for the meal if you don't order an appetizer but for a nice dinner out it's worth every penny.  We'll return to the Salt Cellar for sure.
3	You have to know what you're looking for to find this place.  I've passed this location several dozen times and never realized that a restaurant & bar was located underground.  A friend of mine invited me to have a few drinks and some dinner and I was intrigued, so I decided to go for it.We sat at the bar and ordered glasses of Wine and some Oysters.  The bar was packed, but we were able to comfortably enjoy our food and have a conversation.  The food was OK.  The Wine was the house Zinfandel, which was *eh*....but I didn't like the call options, so whatever.....now I know not to order Wine here.Overall, it wasn't too bad of an experience.  Next time, I'll go with a Beer instead of Wine and try sitting in the dining room.Return Factor - 80%
1	If not for the service I would have not given this place 1 star.  Just BAD.  Overpriced, with no creativity. If you are impressed by a hugh boiled lobster, raw veggies and uncle bens box rice then this is for you.  I think next time I will jump a Southwest flight to Boston, have my lobster and fly home and still have money for drinks.
5	My boyfriend took me to this place when he was trying to stop me from giving him the silent treatment... and it worked! If I remember correctly, as soon as you enter you head down a flight of curly stairs (thus, the Salt CELLAR). I believe you're supposed to have a reservation, but we just walked on in and asked if we could be seated.Seating was a little strange but we got over it. The place is strange in general, so if you're looking for "normal" you should probably save this for a later date. We sat in a tiny room with another family on the opposite end. The lighting is very dim and romantic, and the entire feel is very "couple-sy", so you should probably steer clear if you're going through a breakup.Our server was a straight up Lobster connoisseur. She broke that puppy into beautiful savory little pieces in seconds flat, leaving us with the shell in tact (probably so that we could revel in how much better she was able to do it than we ever would have been, which we did).We went all out and had the full course meal, complete with paired glasses of wine. It was quite the pricey treat, but it was worth it.Noteworthy appetizer: The oysters are absolutely heavenly. I have only ever eaten oysters previously at Casey Moores Oyster House, so it was nice to be able to try them somewhere else... but there was no comparison, Salt Cellar's oysters far exceeded my expectations.Expect to pay well over $100 for two, my fellow cheapskates!
2	Waited for Mad Men characters to walk in! Seriously? Went here last night for the first time, ordered 3lb stuffed lobster, stuffed with crab & scallops, lobster was tougher than nails, scallops were tasteless, crab was ok, charged an additional $15 for this stuffing but neglected to tell us until after I questioned the bill. Hubby had a 3 lb. not stuff lobster, but were tough, questioned it and was told "they are sometimes tough", Server was great! They have absolutely no idea how to make a dirty martini! The ONLY good I can say is that the bread was great. Not going back here, seemed to me that the crowd in the bar was well over 70 and the crowd in the restaurant was mixed! Reservations? Not needed at all, the place was empty.
4	I went here because I got a groupons certificate, and my experience is overall very good. From the out side the restaurant looks incredibly small but it's actually underground hence "cellar". Right away i love that concept. But as soon as I walked in it felt kind of hot and the stair way down smell a bit like urine. As soon as I got down to the main floor it was nice and cool. The atmosphere seem very grown up. The food was pretty good and the service here is excellent. Right away I told my waiter I have a groupon coupon and he didnt give me any attitude like I had expected. My utensils where changed with every course and my water was always filled, he never came around too often to interrupt  my dinner and ask id everything was good, which I appreciate. The only thing that I would recommend to get five star is update the decor. It's so outdated, boring, and cheap looking for a place that charges on average $40 per entree.
5	This place was incredible. Took my In-Laws here for anniversary dinner while we were in AZ for a family wedding and they were more than pleased. While semi-exensive, the atmosphere is not too fancy or over the top, in fact it is classy and quaint. After reading other reviews, I saw that I should order the baked stuffed lobster and am I happy i did. It is one of their signature dishes and they do it right, it is very similar to lobster thermidor minus the heavy sauce. My wife had some turtle soup which was unique and tasty. (don't worry animal lovers, it was snapping turtle they used!)  FOr seafood in AZ, you need to visit Salt Cellar and view their wide array of fresh fish. Great wine selection too including local vino. Can't beat the experience and our waitress was over the top and spot on.
5	The FRESHEST seafood I've found in Arizona resides in a basement. Well, really an underground restaurant. And being from Baltimore originally, I like to think I know a thing or two about fresh seafood! My wife and I decided to splurge for our anniversary and we mutually agreed that seafood was the way to go! Upon arrival for our resevation we descended the stairs to the "cellar" where we were greeted and shown to our table right away. We were seated in a dimly lit dining room with a few other couples, and despite what other Yelpers have complained about, we did not feel the least bit crowded!On to the food!! We ordered the bucket of steamed clams for an appetizer (looking back I wish I had ordered the escargot as well). They were steamed to perfection with good texture and flavor, and served with drawn butter and a clam wash! For my entree I ordered the Blackened Sea Bass and my wife ordered the Baked Stuffed Lobster at the recommendation on MANY Yelpers! Our meals were amazing! My fish was seared to a light crisp outside, but was still soft and full of flavor inside! Her lobster was stuffed with WHOLE sea scallops and jumbo lump MD blue crab meat! Our waiter Tony even cracked it for her at our table!All in all I'm very impressed with the Salt Cellar... food AND service! Don't believe the bad reviews out there. Bottom line: this is REAL, fresh seafood!
4	I love the Salt Cellar for being the lazy woman's go-to place for seafood.  If you get lobster or crab from them, the waitress will crack and de-shell it for you; it's such a great service since a lot of the time I am hesitant to get any kind of crustacean because I don't like getting messy and spending all that time getting the meat out of the shell.  The lobster here, while technically from Maine, is flown in fresh from Boston, and they offer 1.25 lb, 3 lb, and occasionally a showcase jumbo lobster.  When I went here they were touting an 8 lb lobster for those with the stomach (and coin) to spend a pretty penny on the Yao Ming of lobsters.While the sides are very basic, the seafood is understandably the real star of the show.  While I was happy with my fresh lobster, I did try some salmon wellington, which was some of the best tasting salmon I've had in some time.  It was very tender and moist, and very fresh.  I'm also happy to report that they have soft shell crabs here this season, which is one of my favorite seafood items.The ambiance itself, for me at least, is a bit lacking.  They don't call it the Salt Cellar for nothing, for when you descend into the restaurant through a flight of stairs, it's very dark and a bit damp and chilly.  The lighting for me is too yellow for me, and everything in general seems antiquated.  I remember eating here years and years ago, and it seems like they haven't changed anything about the decor since then!
3	My wife and I heard this place was better than another high class restaurant that will go unnamed, from a professional chef.  He claimed the steak was delicious and perfectly cooked.  Also that in addition to the steak, at the Salt Cellar you get two sides.  So "you get better value, and better tasting food for the same price!"I like a good steak.  I picked the ribeye (one of my most favorite cuts), and waiting in anxious anticipation.  I had high expectations and was very excited.  My wife ordered the stuffed lobster, and we waited.  The atmosphere was nice.  The furniture could use updating, but everything was clean.  Our waiter was very nice and helpful.When the food came it looked wonderful.  However, the steak was tough.  It tasted good, but it was very chewy.  While it looked to be cooked to my liking, I expected it to be easier to chew and swallow.My wife was very pleased with her lobster.  She raved over it, and would probably give a 4-5 star review.  The service was the redeeming factor for the Salt Cellar.  But for that you'd be looking at 1-2 stars.
3	OK, went here because a gal I work with says it is her favorite place in Scottsdale and I got a Groupon sooo...I actually loved the atmosphere, as other posters state it is underground and dated.  Which, being from the Midwest, reminded me of the "supper Clubs" we used to go to with my parents (Midwesterners, you know what I'm talking about).  Dark-ish, cozy, unusual seating patterns.For those complaining about the price, they must still be thinnking in Midwestern terms because $39 for a lobster in Scottsdale is not overpriced (anywhere else yes, but Scottsdale seems to jack up the price on everything).OK, onto the food, we started with cocktails in the bar which were just meh... average.  We got in late but the place was still hopping even on a Thursday night.  Skipped the apps and went straight for the entrees.  Again reminded of a supper club in that you didn't have to order everything ala carte.  All entrees came with salad, vegetable and starch - nice!  I ordered the Halibut cheeks with lemon caper sauce and Hubs ordered the Shrimp Scampi with extra garlic.  I could smell his dish being cooked before it was brought to the table, but he claims he couldn't taste the garlic (he is kind of a garlic freak, so a normal person would have said it was loaded).  Cooked nicely with lots of shrimp but nothing special.  The shrimp toast that came with it however was awesome!  I would have ordered this as an entree.  My halibut cheeks were good if a little on the tough side, not so bad but just a little.  They were breaded and pan fried and served with Lemon and capers which was yummy.  Here's the kicker, they gave my like 10 cheeks!  That's alot of Halibut cheeks, normally you'd get like 3-4.  So I took a bunch home and made luxurious fish tacos with the leftovers.So overall a nice experience, good seafood especially for Scottsdale where it is actually hard to find really good food in general, especially hard to find good seafood.  It's no San Francisco or Seattle or Boston, but I would go back and try again.
4	Delicious.A tad pricey if you get a large meal with all of the bells and whistles. But well worth it.The Oysters Rockefeller here is probably the best I have ever eaten and that alone justifies a trip.
5	I am giving this 5 stars based on Happy Hour alone. Apparently, they pioneered the concept of the reverse happy hour, so kudos to them. That's not why I am writing. Get there for the happy hour and you couldn't be happier. $2.50 well drinks poured with some oomph, and killer appetizers deals. Get the mussels! Yes, sometimes they are better than others, but always good. I recommend also the escargot and the shrimp bread. wowza!
5	Best reverse happy hour for service industry
3	When you look at the outside of Salt Cellar, you wonder where you can fit such a small restaurant.  In fact, you go underground into an actual cellar.  It was quite an interesting experience, but it seemed like there was no entrances for wheelchair customers.  When you enter, you feel like you are in a fisherman's wharf.  The smell of fish was a little too strong for my liking, but I covered my nose and walked in.  The smell was not too bad at the dining area.  The dining area is very small, and you need to make reservations online if you want to ensure seating.  I was not happy with the seating arrangements as each table felt like you were inches away from the next party.  All the conversations were very quiet because it seemed like the privacy was ruined.We got some bread and salad to start off with.  The bread had an olive in it, and it tasted very funny.  The salad vegetables tasted kind of stale to me.  I ordered Alaskan King Crab, and it was actually quite good.  I enjoyed the fact the server opened it up for me.  Its 1.5 lbs, but you don't get as much of the crab.  My friend got the Salmon, and it was pretty solid too.  We ended the night with a giant waffle cone banana gelato dessert.Overall the food was decent, but I think the ambiance with the fish and closeness of tables brings it from a 4 star to 3 star experience.
1	My boyfriend and I went to the Salt Cellar for our anniversary - we saw a Groupon, checked out reviews on Yelp, and decided it would be a good choice.WOW, were we wrong!  Going back over the reviews, I'm convinced that no one in AZ actually knows what fresh seafood looks/tastes like.  It certainly can NOT be found at the Salt Cellar.The meal started with bread, which was meh.  A seafood place that doesn't serve sourdough?  Odd.  The bread was very plain, even though one slice had olives in it. For an appetizer, we chose crab cakes.  They were at least 50% bread crumbs, had a very slightly canned flavor, and came with a very plain tartar sauce.  Pretty mediocre for $15.  They were cooked nicely, however - nice and crisp on the outside - so we finished them. Next up, salad.  I had Creamy Bleu Cheese and my boyfriend had House.  Again, meh.  The mix was just iceburg lettuce, some carrot shreds, mushrooms, and one cherry tomato.  The house dressing just tasted like vinegar and oil, the bleu cheese was a little musty.Then the main course... at this point, Boyfriend and I were thinking that the entree would at least be as good as the appetizer, but hoping for much better.  Based on reputation, how could it suck?  Oh... it sucked mightily!I had Mahi-Mahi sauteed with Macadamia Nuts (a house specialty), the boyfriend had Salmon Wellington (on their fresh market menu).  Side dishes were a baked potato that was microwaved and a piece of rubbery, inedible broccoli.The salmon was wrapped in spinach, then in puff pastry, kind of like beef wellington, and served with hollandaise. Sounds promising, right?  It was over cooked, mushy, and tasted old.  The hollandaise tasted like plain butter.  Pretty bad, but still a little edible.  Red Lobster-level quality at triple the price.The Mahi-Mahi was a disaster!  It was definitely not fresh fish, and actually seemed like it had been cooked hours before I ate it.  It was lukewarm and rubbery, with a pile of candied macadamia's on top.  Even if it had been cooked well, the seasoning and flavor was way too sweet.  After a few terrible, mushy bites, I cut open to the middle - the inside was GRAY and mealy.  DISGUSTING.  I didn't eat any more of it.In any decent restaurant, if the server sees that the patron hasn't eaten any of their meal, they'll ask what's wrong and try to make it right.  Our waiter didn't even raise an eyebrow.  Either it's poor service or it happens all the time.So, to sum up, for $100 we got two sodas ($8 for those!), some plain bread, mediocre crab cakes, overcooked old salmon, and pre-cooked possibly near expiration Mahi.  For a meal this quality, save your money and go to Red Lobster.  At least you'll get cheddar bay biscuits!
5	My experience here was absolutely amazing.  My boyfriend and I had reservations for 7:30 pm on a Saturday night and the service was amazing and the food was spectacular.  It was extremely pricey but oh my god, was it worth it.  My bf and I have both lived in Baltimore, MD for the last 7 years so we are extremely picky and spoiled when it comes to seafood .... Salt Cellar completely changed my mind that you can't find good seafood in AZ.  Only recommendation?  Make sure you have reservations because the seating area is tiny.
4	If it wasn't for my friend's Birthday Dinner, I'd never had a chance to go to such a place.  It's almost impossible to notice this place even if you drive by it everyday, from the outside you'd never thought it'd hold more than 10 customers.  Once I opened the door, I went "oOo", you walk down the stairs and end up in a basement w/ great ambiance.  The bar is just big enough for you to get great service from the bartender.  The happy hour is great at the bar area if you just want to stop by after work, the only think I had an issue with is that they don't have much beer selection on tap.  After a few appetizers and drinks, we moved to the table, and the smell(smells salty, perhaps from all the sea food they have in the kitchen) and the lighting made me feel like I was on a boat.  There are so many interesting items on the menu, and we went for what we all wanted, lobster & crab.  If it wasn't for my friend's BD, I doubt I'd come here for regular dinner just cuz of the expensive menu...The server was wonderful, cracked all the lobster and crab for us, and also explained the menu clearly for us.  He always came on time(not too often, but never late) to ask if we need to refill a drink, or get a dessert.  The most interesting thing for me is probably the turtle soup, I thought it was great! It kind of reminded me of the chinese herbal soup my mom always cook...and yes, every exotic animal tastes like chicken...overall, could be a 5 star restaurant for me if they had enough beer selection, or less expensive, but then again, it IS in Scottsdale, so if you got the $$, I'd highly recommend you to check it out!
3	Cute little restaurant - dining room, bar and kitchen are in the basement.  Literally a cellar!The seafood was good quality and solid.  The mussels smelled a little weird - not sure if it was the broth it was cooked in or the accompanying sauces but something tasted and smelled very weird.  Oysters were good - but kind of expensive.  14 for 6, 1.50 if you go to the bar at happy hour.  Stuffed shrimp was not that great.  Alaskan crab legs had a great flavor infused in them.  The sides were not terrible, but not very good - think Red Lobster with much less butter and seasoning (less butter=good, less seasoning=bad).  All in all, this is a solid seafood restaurant.  The prices are kind of hefty and I wasn't thrilled with the entree portions.  Recommend just getting appetizers if that.  I will probably go back for oysters at the bar if for anything.
5	Be sure to make reservations!This place was a splurge and a wonderful experience for us.  We had reservations and did have to wait, the bar is small and on a Friday night we had to do some standing.  The staff was very attentive, whether waiting in the lounge or seated at our table. We tried escargot for the first time...I was glad I did, for the experience at least, and I was not disappointed.  Wen ordered the salmon and king crab...what could be better?  The salmon was so moist and he crab legs were perfection...especially since they crack table side, so you get to spend your time enjoying them rather than making a mess.I knew I would have a great time and I certainly wasn't disappointed.  It's been a place on my radar for some time and it was worth the wait!
1	WOW!!!! I am SHOCKED that this place has managed to maintain such a high rating. My husband and I went here for our anniversary, Walking in it seemed like a unique place with a unique atmosphere. I could not have been more wrong. When we were seated in the dining room we immediately noticed the dated decor. The yellow lights, and brass picture frames with pastel ocean scenes. It was like they haven't changed a thing since the 80's.We were berated by three different people asking us for our drink order when we first sat down, which was not only confusing but annoying. when looking at the menu we noticed there was nothing under 40$ which is fine I will gladly pay for an AMAZING meal. I ordered the fillet and Alaskan King Crab legs...I am going to emphasize legs here.My husband not being a seafood fan ordered the 14oz boneless Rib eye.Now where to start, Our meals came with salad, vegetable of the day, and your choice of a baked potato or rice pilaf. First the salad was Iceberg lettuce but despite that their house dressing was still decent. Now onto the meal Our plates came out and I was SHOCKED and HORRIFIED, My 40 dollar meal consisted of a child's fist sized baked potato, which incidently was the best part of the meal, a pile of vegetables, zucchini, cauliflower, and black olives...yeah think about that for a minute, they where BOILED no seasoning and inedible. My fillet was tiny which was fine I was not expecting a huge hunk of meat, cooked perfectly but had NO seasoning and tasted awful. What a waste for that cow that sacrificed his life to be cooked in this place. Last but certainly not least my Alaskan King Crab leg... yeah that is right ONE leg. When she sat my plate down I just started laughing I could not believe I just wasted 40 on this. The server said wow that's a leg as if I was getting some deal. My husbands meal had the same problems no seasoning and boiled vegetables. Give me a break this place is a joke! I have never payed 100.00 drinks not included for food that was so terrible. I have no clue how this place is in business and I will scream it to the mountain tops DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY... Unless of course you like bland inedible food. Go to Red Lobster you'll have a better meal at less money. And that's saying a lot, I try not to eat at chains...
5	This place is the truth!!..cheers Salty Cellers!!..Lauren is the best!!
5	Reservations... YES INDEED!Such a fabulously, salty-rich, seafood, unique, pearl of a restaurant.Pricey? Yes. BUT OH SO WORTH IT!Two words Salmon Wellington. Flaky crust PERFECTION. If you can master the perfect Salmon Wellington all the rest is like cooking mac and cheese. The Beef Wellington ain't to shabby either.You cannot go wrong with anything on their seafood heavy menu. Which is funny that such stellar quality, fresh fish and seafood can be found by some Arizona landlubbers. Whoever the owner and head chef are... WELL DONE. Did I mention they have the red and the white... chowder that is... :)Part of the charm of this location is that it is quite literally a cellar. To see it from the street you would NEVER guess it to be a restaurant. All hail a small staircase plunging you down beneath into a world swimming with sights and smells of the sea. The ENTIRE restaurant is down below... including the waiting area, bar, dining area and kitchen. Claustrophobic? This might not be your dining spot of choice as things are a bit cramped... especially on uber busy weekends. But the staff are all hands on deck and are very attentive, which aids greatly with long waitsThis is not yacht club decor, although most diners come dressed to the hilt. The decor is salt of the earth and keeps with the 'cellar' feel. Some of the decor might very well have been 'stored' there for quite some time. LOL. I have yet to make it to dessert and not feel like I've got an anchor in my belly... maybe next time.
5	Can't believe it is still open after 40 years...If there ever is a fire, everyone is dead...Seriously...Only the stairs up will get you out....Yes folks, it is a Cellar.....
1	Good service, but below average food. I'm not much of a seafood person, so when we go to seafood restaurants, I order some type of chicken or steak. At the Salt Cellar I ordered a rib eye steak. I know that you shouldn't go to a seafood restaurant and order anything other than seafood, but my steak was surprisingly bad. There was absolutely no seasoning on my steak... no salt... no pepper... no flavor.If the kitchen can't prepare a decent steak, they shouldn't have it on the menu and it shouldn't be $40. Unfortunately, it made our experience a disappointment and we won't be back.
3	Look, I'm essentially giving the Salt Cellar three stars for letting me eat underground. Eating underground is awesome. But come on, why is the lobster always rubbery! And I never learn my lesson... I always get lobster, and as good as it can be, it's always overcooked. The Salt Cellar is a cool place that should be visited at least once, but if they would update their menu and maybe some of the decor, I could be a regular here.
1	Ok after reading all the reviews and seeing that it was split between 1 star and 5 stars I decided to give this place a shot with the help of a groupon.  I figured the 1 stars were just people being cheap well I was wrong.Positives:  The service was good, enjoyed our waiter.  I had a blast with my wife dispite what follows.Negatives:  The Food and the Price.  The food ranged from ok to terrible regardless of if it was free our the high prices that I paid.  Oyster half shell:  Small with no real flavor= no Brine tasteEscargot:  No flavorShrimp Toast:  Lots of flavor and that flavor was salt.Wife had Stuffed lobster and said it was ok if over cooked, so 3 star on lobster.I had the Trout, I love Trout.  This was the worst trout I have ever had.  The crowd here was mixed, but I got the feeling that the younger crowd was here off the groupon and the normal crowd is older and enjoys the taste of the food.  I could see someone with a different sense of taste loving this place.  Now the Price is crazy I really should of just left after I ordered a beer and it came in a coffee cup looking glass and the Wife ordered a shot glass size Gin and Tonic for $10.   I guess it one of those places you have to try once and we did, I just wish I didn't have to pay the $150 tab for fish I going to give to my Great Dane.I do want to once again point out that the service was good.
5	My man and I made last minute reservations at 8pm and got there about 15 till and The place was packed to the gills! I got a glad of wine at the bar and we were seated before I finished it.It's definitely close quarters down there, I could hear what everyone on either side of us ordered. I could have forked something off of a neighbors plate if I had been desperate! It really didn't bother me though. Out waiter was helpful with the menu and helped me find the best scallop choice for me (the one with portabella mushrooms, it was amazing!) And my boyfriend Ha blackened halibut that was incredibly flavored.The food came fast with big salads to start. The only thing not amazing was the veggie side, but who cares about that with so much good stuff to eat! We left there happy, full and so glad we had gone!
4	My husband and I went to the Salt Cellar when we were dating. So we went back last weekend for our anniversary.  It was nice.  Romantic.
1	I've eaten here many times, but none as bad as last night.Service was excellent, and highly attentive.Food, absolutely horrible.My expectation was they would serve a steak on par with their seafood. After all, they were charging 39 bucks for a ribeye. What I was hoping for was a 1- 1-1/2' thick steak, cooked Pittsburgh style as I had ordered. What I got a a 3/4 in thick piece of meat that was mostly fat, gristle, and in no way resembled Pittsburgh Style. Salad, similar to something you could get at Chick FiletVeggies, blah.Bread basket, ample, but day old, and if not, it certainly wasn't fresh. In addition to bad food, we were crammed into a small room where we were nuts to butts with 6 other tables, listening to conversations ranging from someone's recent bout with pinkeye, and another couple who elected to speak entirely in French, until the waiter showed up, then it was like they turned off the French switch and suddenly began speaking English. I've had it with this place.If I'm going to pay 150 bucks for dinner, it'll be at Mortons, or Maestro where the steaks are 1-1/2 in thick, cooked to perfection, and half of it doesnt wind up on the plate as fat and gristle
4	Love the unique local atmosphere. Have driven by this place for years and finally took the plunge with the motivation of a groupon.Overall, great service. Staff was very friendly and personable. I had the Alaskan crab legs (my first crab experience) and I thought they were delicious while my bf said they were the best he's ever had. We also ordered the sauteed shrimp appetizer as an entree (comes with pasta, mushrooms, artichoke) and that was absolutely exceptional! Great flavor and portions.Only downside is the prices are high but as long as you are prepared for that going in, it's a great place for special occasions or groupons!
4	Great little place off the side of Hayden road that everyone seems to have seen the sign for...but well worth the stop. Going downstairs into this little basement takes you away from the external heat and desert setting and into a small restaurant with candles and wood interior. Great little atmosphere. The bread was out quickly before dinner and our server was excellent and quick to refill water or bring another glass of wine.I had the crispy grouper and that was very solid...fairly light, good-sized portion. We also had the scallops and they were good.But the highlight of the meal was without a doubt the Shrimp San Remo...large shrimp in olive oil, garlic, sundried tomatoes...bread to dip into the delicious concoction...simply amazing. One thing to note, Salt Cellar is not cheap...average plate is roughly $30-40...so not a cheap nite out. But for good food, and a great atmosphere (anniversary, date nite, birthday, etc), this is a good call.
1	We finally made it to the Salt Cellar after years of hearing how good it was. We had a groupon, so it made it more attractive for a first try. We were disappointed at the decor--or the lack of it. The waitress could not have been nicer or more helpful, but the food was totally mediocre. We started with Oysters Rockefeller. Tasteless. Salad was drowned in dressing.  I had halibut  'cheeks', a specialty available only part of the year, for $37. They were delicious, but covered in large capers--totally overpowered the fish. My spouse had haddock--much better. The price of the dinners simply does not justify the quality of the experience. We gave it a 2 out of 10. Won't be going back.
1	NO WAY!  Went there in plenty of time of before Groupon expiration date and got a story that they are booked until expiration.  They would not honor for the Groupon value after that date, even though it was THEIR fault that we couldn't get in.  No, I will not spend the lesser amount coming back to Salt Cellar.  They will get NO money from me.  Groupon will refund my payment.  Rude, rude, manager.  No desire to eat there.
1	This restaurant is WAY over priced for the quality of food presented.  Starting with the salad, the flavor of the ranch dressing was off... bad after taste.  The halibut cheeks had no flavor and tasted like cardboard.  The rice pilaf tasted like Uncle Ben's and the veggies were way over cooked and cold.  No redeeming value for anything on the plate.  Save your time AND money... It's not worth the walk downstairs.
4	I have really wanted to try this place out since I had heard about them flying in their seafood fresh daily.  The place has a unique look as well, with just a small portion of the building being exposed above ground.Walking in, I was immediately impressed with the maritime feel that the decor gives.  The food was good.  My date had the crispy grouper which was really good, and I had swordfish with mango salsa.  For me, the swordfish was good, but I felt like the mango salsa was a bit overwhelming and the entire plate could have used a little more.  We also had a shrimp cocktail appetizer - good - and a chocolate lava cake for dessert - this could have used some ice cream or something, but the waitress actually informed us that they dont have vanilla ice cream at all.  Overall dinner was very nice.  The prices are expensive, I'm sure this is primarily due to the cost of having fresh fish flown in daily.
2	Went because I had a Groupon so I thought I'd try it.Overpriced for the food quality.  Clam chowder was full of sand grit.  For the price I would have expected zero sand in it.The appetizer steamed mussels were a plenty.  Enough for 2-3 people.  Two stars for that.For price and the wait and having to make reservations days in advance, minus 3 stars.Seating was tight and overcrowded and seemed like a fire hazard.the idea of it being in a cellar was interesting though.
1	I think this place at one time was pretty good.  I came for dinner with my daughter because she said she wanted to try lobster.  It wasn't very good. I've had better at Red Lobster.  I very disappointed considering the reputation they have.  I would not come here again.
4	Went there this past weekend and had Steak & Lobster. Really love the taste of the food and customer service was great.
1	If I could give less than one, I would.  What a joke this place is. I have lived here since 1989 and never made it until last Saturday following Wicked at Gammage.  I knew about the Happy Hour so the timing was perfect., service is a zero, food is a zero.  Shrimp San Remo while it had a good flavor,. The shrimp were very tough and chewy.  Best Seafood in AZ?  Not!  Baked stuffed Clams, hot and the stuffing was bone dry!  New England Clam Chowder, very watery, thin broth, not many clams to be found. $4.00 for a bread basket that you get for free everywhere else?  Say what!  Dining in the restaurant was all but done and the staff in the bar were more interested in socializing with each other. $55.00 later and NO tip, I am outta there, never to return.  Not sure who is in charge there. (rhetorical).  Attend at your own risk.  I think that most of the reviewers with 5 star rating are too embarrassed to admit they paid a hundred dollars or more for Coco's quality seafood!
2	My husband & I went for here last Sunday night for a celebratory dinner.  We went off of serveral reccomendations from friends as to the Best Seafood & Steak!  We had reservations for 7:30 got right in.  Tables are WAY to close together!  For a fine dinning experience and the romance factor this was not ideal.  I got to hear all about what was going on whose check during the course of my neighbering table.  We order cocktails and to my surprise they came out in what I would call "kids cups" very tiny!  We ordered crab cakes for the appetizer.  In which I love crab however these had no flavor at all I didn't even finish it.  The salads we ok garden salad nothing special.  I did however like the tarragon dressing that was served.  For our Entrees my husband had a baked lobster to which he said was ok.  The Lobster meat was very sweet but again fell flat on the seasonings.  I had the King Crab legs and filet.  I loved the krab leg (just 1) but the steak was terrible so much so that I had it wrapped up to take home for the dogs.  For desert we had the chocolate lava cake.  I don't think it's prepared there seemed pre made.  The sauce was amazing though.  OK.. The service however was AMAZING!!  Our female waitress was always attentive, timing was good on all food delivery, she even went ahead and wrote congratulations on the desert plate at my request for our celebration (not something they usually do)Atmasphere 2 1/2 StarsFood 1 1/2 StarsService 5 Stars
3	Reverse happy hour is cool. Great seafood for us land locked folks. Lobster flown in daily. The biggest disappointment was the long wait, if your in a hurry go elsewhere but if you have time to spare it's good food.
5	This is a top notch establishment period. We just dropped in without reservations so we waited in the bar until a table was available and let me tell you the bartending staff is great and the drinks are what they should be. When we got our table Kara was our waitress and she is probably the best server I have ever had. She quickly assessed what our tastes were and recommended meals. I love blackened dishes but hate it when a place can't do it right so I was skeptical when she recommended the blackened ahi tuna. Kara stated with no delay that not only would I be happy with it but to "just close the menu now, you won't be disappointed" !!! Boy was she right! I am a definite "foodie" and I love to eat out and I can't remember when I last enjoyed a meal this much. My friend got the steak and lobster and had his tenderloin steak blackened and it too was to die for. I am telling you folks EAT HERE you will love it! Thanks Kara and thanks Salt Cellar.Dave
5	Went here and we had a groupon. The ambiance was awesome. Two stories down, you enter a cozy space. We were a few minutes early for our reservations and we hung out in the bar. Table was ready and I ordered the lobster dinner. It was delicious and they cracked it table side. We definitely will be back again.
4	I was weird at first, i saw a small building and though that was too small to be a restaurant. I then notice that it was underground.  It was a nice place.  I had the Alaskan crab and fillet.  I can barely finish my plate.  It was pretty good.  The snow crad was very sweet and tastee.  The was great.
4	I've eaten here twice, food and service was great. Had the Escargot en Caps, Oysters Rockefeller, Harbor Master's Choice, Alaskan King Crab, and Pacific Swordfish... I'll go back another day.
1	For seafood there is a lot to be desired! This place is all about the ambiance only if you survive the walk down the 120 degree cedar staircase. First, if one calls for reservations and one specifies that they have more than one child in the group one would that the first thing out of the hostesses mouth would be a polite warning about the non-kid friendly atmosphere solely for the discretion of the reserver. But NNNOOOOOO way...this  greedy establishment wants any dollar they can get since the quality is not worthy. No high chairs, no kids cups, nothing in plastic, or paper to go bowls, no kids menus. NADA!Then comes the seafood and steaks. Seafood was so bland it might have just crawled out of the ocean and plopped itself on the frying pan. Sad indeed for a seafood restaurant that should be better than the rest.  The filet was ordered medium but cooked all the way through since the chef opted to butterfly it to save time in hopes of rushing to the next customer and the pressing it to the grill ensured that there was no juices remaining and the char from the grill was the only flavor disguised as steak rub. My recommendation...dead lobster for seafood and outback for steak and you would be a happier customer than of you dined at this anti-child establishment.
5	I worked at the Salt Cellar for over 11 years and I recently started a new restaurant job in Sacramento, CA. Just the other day a table of mine caught wind of the fact that I just moved here from Scottsdale and immediately said, "My favorite restaurant is in Scottsdale, It's called The Salt Cellar!" Needless to say I was extremely proud to inform her that I had spent the last 11 years of my life working at her favorite restaurant. Now with that being said I feel like I need to make a couple comments about a few of the reviews I just read...When you go to dine at The Cellar you need to know that it is more than a restaurant, it is an experience. Most people choose to come for special occasions like birthdays or Anniversaries. By the way, they offer a complimentary dessert for those occasions. Most people can not afford the luxury of dining at a pricey restaurant regularly although there are plenty of regular customers that dine there. In my opinion you get what you pay for and if you want to eat FRESH seafood in the middle of the desert, you are going to pay a pretty penny for it. Go to the coast if you don't like the gas prices it takes to ship fresh fish in on a daily basis. The food there is pure. By that I mean it is not spruced up with glazes and sauces to mask the true flavor of the fish you ordered. Some people may think that is bland. But I think if the chef masked the fish with other flavors, he might as well buy it frozen. My last point about the price is, there is no a la carte. When you order an entree there it comes complete with a salad, bread and two sides. I have seen people leave the place leaning forward because their full bellies wouldn't allow them to stand up straight. There is a review stating that the place is not kid friendly because they don't carry high chairs. Well, personally that is an incentive for me since I don't have kids and would rather not listen to them scream while I'm enjoying my dinner. However, they are very kid friendly. The owner has two beautiful granddaughters who have been dining there since birth. And if you happen to get Cara as a waitress she will probably take your child on a tour of the restaurant to give you a break while you enjoy your meal. It doesn't get much more kid friendly than that!It may seem like my opinion is a little biased, but I have nothing to gain from this review other than spreading the word that this unique little gem of a restaurant needs to be experienced by you. If you are questioning whether or not to dine there based on the past reviews then please take this one into account. It's a unique and unforgettable place. It's privately owned by a couple that care about every guest that walks in the door. If you don't like your dinner, do yourself and the restaurant a favor and say something. Your server will get you a new one or something different. No questions asked. They want you to walk out the door happy as much as you do. One last thing, in my opinion the best item on the menu is the Alaskan King Crab. Not only is it mouthwatering delicious. Your server will crack it table side for you!
2	Hello again Arizonians and visitors......I will remind you as alway I am the pickiest person I know and detest spending good money on bad food.I am going to review Salt Cellar while it is fresh on my mind.I was taken here today to celebrate my B-day and I LOVE seafood be it raw or cooked.We sat at the bar, which mind you is a VERY VERY small area and very busy with servers coming and going with drink orders.There were at least 2 bartenders that we saw and the first bartender to greet(?)us and I use that term lightly   was Dale. He was quick to get our drink order and deliver it....so far so good... we ordered several items from the happy hour menu to include a couple of oysters on the 1/2 shell which was very tasty and a couple of oyster shooters...YUM and then on to some scallops, which unfortunately due to the very dim lighting we failed to notice were flash fried...(why anyone would want to fry a tender and tasteful morsel of fish is beyond me).The scallops arrived and looked unappetizing to say the least and tasted equally as unappetizing.  They were tasteless to the point if I didnt know what I was eating I would never in a zillion years guess it was a scallop.  My friend agreed that not only did they have a bit of a sour taste were just ...not good!The last thing we ordered was escargot, this dish is for the folks who enjoy butter and ggarlic.....not my taste but I did try one and again.....tasteless other than the garlic    taste... I enjoy the taste of seafood and this dish did not do it for me.I must reccomend the bread, which is soft and extremely good and I was shocked that they actually charge you for bread when you are spending $50 in food but I will admit I was happy to pay for it.The prices are not cheap but again, I do not mind spending money on good food....this was NOT it!Now on to the ambiance and service.When you enter the restaurant you have to walk down many stairs into restaurant which is underground....very kewl concept unfortunately the moment you walk in you feel like you are in a sauna....very hot and humid ...it overwhelms you....especially when the temps outside are 100 plus......HELLO....THIS IS ARIZONA....USE SOME AIR CONDITIONING!As I mentioned earlier Dale was the first bardenter we saw and as efficient as he was I think he left his personality and smile at home...he did not make us feel welcome at all. Of course its possible there is some other reason he is unfriendly such as he was having a bad day, or he hated his job or......or......or...... nope...no or's.... a bartender should be friendly... I think its in the bardenter code or something.Now, I am not a drinker nor do I frequent bars.....but I did years ago and bartenders used to be friendly...isnt that how you make tips?  Even if you are busy?I had asked an employee his name and we were told he has been working there since 1986?  I am thinking its time for Mr personality to get another job.This is my opinion of Salt Cellar and it is because of our experience that we will not be returning.I am sure there are wonderful items on the menu that are delicious but the service and food we did try turned us off.It is my opinion if you want to spend a chunk of money on seafood try someplace else.... or not....its your call, but until you do.....Bon Appetite'
5	This seems to have become my families go to place for celebrations. Please make a reservation, this place is small and always busy. With a reservation we have never had difficulty getting right in. This last visit, the baked stuffed shrimp was amazing. The portions are decent for a higher priced restaurant. The amaretto cheesecake...FANFREAKINGTASIC!!! They bring an actual shot of amaretto :) Others in the party had stuffed fish, crab legs, and salmon. Everyone said their meal was cooked perfectly and tasted fresh. I like the atmosphere here. It may not be for everyone, a little small and closed in but you feel like you have left Arizona and are in a little restaurant on the east coast. It is reminiscent of my favorite place in Massachusetts. I have always had quick, courteous service. Always several people refilling drinks, food is always quick and we never feel rushed.
5	Who would have thought that some of the best seafood is in Phoenix?!This place has a unique atmosphere: they call it a cellar and it lives it up to it's name because the outside is so unassuming.  There are two small buildings at ground level and you walk down some wooden steps into this lively seafood haven.  First of all, the bar took good care of us as we waited for our table.  Huge selection of mixed drinks and even a decent choice of single malt whiskeys/scotch.  The food itself was amazing!  We had the oysters Rockefeller for appetizer and they were divine.  I had blackened swordfish and and my buddy had the scallops off the Captain's special menu and frankly it was the best tasting swordfish I have ever had.  I do not know how they seared it but it was perfectly tender and tasty.Beware at it is intensely busy on the weekends but it is so worth it.Order the house salad with blue cheese and italian dressing- weird mix but great on the taste buds.I definitely recommend this place if you are stopping by Phoenix and sampling the food scene!
5	If someone gives a bad review on this place, take it to the bank; they're clueless.  This seafood place is the best the East Valley can offer. No, were not in Boston or New Hampshire but it's it's good.  Make a reservation a week ahead of time; you'll never get in if you don't.  My only criticism would be the salads; they don't offer caesar.
2	Went there for the first time recently.  The glasses were small, so I had to constantly get refills of Coca Cola (I'm not sure if they were giving them for free either).  The complimentary water they give with each meal tasted like it was half water and half Clorox bleach.  I've never tasted such bad water.  Maybe they need some kind of master filtration system or something, or just serve bottled water.The bread was day old, almost stale.The dinner salad was boring, not very many ingredients.  They had no other salad offerings, just the dinner salad.  It would have been nice to be able to order a nice big salad with lots of fresh ingredients, or a Crab Louise salad, or something with cranberries and walnuts, etc.  Nope.We saw one small ant crawling on our menu.  About 15 minutes later there was a second ant crawling on the menu.  Probably because the place is underground?  Just made me wonder about things...Service was attentive.Dessert was "okay."  The chocolate volcano tasted like cheap ingredients.  The key lime pie was odd tasting and had a strange aftertaste and the lime flavor was waaay too strong.  But the desserts were complimentary so what are your going to say?I wouldn't go there a second time.  There are too many other restaurants doing a better job.
1	I have had way better sea food at the Red Lobster and the price was nice.  Seriously,  my baked stuffed shrimp was overcooked.  My husbands Halibut didn't seem like halibut at all.  It was dry but edible.  Our third party had Lobster and clams and he thought it was terrible.  We are from Seattle and I guess we know sea food. Rich food does not mean good food.  The turtle soup was good.  The staff was friendly.  Not a reason to waste 200.00 bucks on a bad dinner.
5	Great food! Great happy hour! Unique place. I will definitely be returning for many happy hours to come :) I had the shrimp toast, the escargot and the clam chowder. Yum, yum and yummmm. The clam chowder reminded me of fresh clam chowder from the pier in SF.
5	I am in love with this place. I have lived in many cities and I have yet to find a seafood restaurant the compares to the Salt Cellar. The experience, the food, the service...PERFECTION!! Now, this is not a cheap sea food restaurant. This is top dollar food, service and dinning experience. It's fun, romantic, beautiful, and above all delicious!! I can not get enough of this place.I have been here about 4 times and each and every time it was perfect. My ex and I celebrated anniversaries and birthdays here. The staff makes you feel so welcome and really special. I have ate the lobster (to die for), the chicken (heavenly), the crab (omg), and my favorite the stuffed mushrooms!! Oh, don't forget to try the olive bread (nom nom)!Prepare to spend at least 3 hours here. Drinks, appetizers, dinner, and desert....the experience from start to finish is flawless. Oh one more thing, wear baggy clothes. You will leave with a food baby! ;)
4	Pretty good local joint. Good service cool atmosphere and above average seafood for Arizona.
5	Since we had been planning to go here, I've been reading the various reviews.  I was a little nervous, because many people mentioned it being a very small enclosed dining room where the tables are practically on top of each other...I am claustrophobic, so I became quite tentative about that.  I was pleasantly surprised to find it not as small as I assumed.  The restaurant is basically 3 areas: the bar, the main dining room and a smaller dining room--each separated by a wall and windows.  The main dining room (where we sat) did have about 12 tables.  There were some that seemed close to each other, but there were also a few private booths and other tables.  We sat at a separate table, and didn't feel like we were on top of anyone near us.  Our server was Tony, who was quite knowledgeable about every question we asked.  He was also very friendly and quite attentive.Now onto the food...It was outstanding!  The bread was quite large, but so soft.  We ordered iced teas (the only part of the meal we didn't seem to enjoy), and they're flavored.  I prefer just plain.  It had a strange lemony flavor that I couldn't quite put my finger on.  However, that was a very slight hiccup along the way.  For our appetizers, I had the Maryland crab cakes, which were divine.  They were practically all crab, something that I'm not used to with some places that serve crab cakes.  And, they were served with a delicious dijon mustard sauce.  My husband got the New England clam chowder, and if we weren't in a restaurant, he would've licked the bowl.  He loved it!  We had the salad, I had the Italian/Bleu cheese vinaigrette and he had the Thousand Island dressing.  They were fine, nothing too exciting, but good.  For our entrees, I had the Beef Wellington and my husband had the Shrimp & Filet.  I had never had Beef Wellington before, and I'm glad I had it here.  It has become one of my favorites.  The beef was so moist and tender, and the pastry wasn't sweet, but had a wonderful savory quality.  My husband kept raving about the shrimp and the cocktail sauce, plus he said that the steak was cooked to perfection and melted in his mouth.We were so full, we didn't have dessert.  Overall, it was an amazing experience, and we will definitely come back for more.
3	i actually heard about this place on tv as a local recommendation for restaurants. i must say it was good- i had the lobster but was a little disappointed considering what i'd seen on tv. the lobster was very fresh but i found some of other food a little on the bland side for the expensiveness. good, but overpriced
5	It's time to rewind and dine!!!  I used to hit this place up on a regular basis for the sheer amount of food and drink you can down on the happy hour..  After a short visit back the memories started pouring back just as a clear and heavy as the drinks they dish out!!!!  Any of the appetizers are amazing during the happy hour and the crowds whether they are there or not doesn't even matter because the bartenders are awesome conversationalists.  I LOVE the feel of the restaurant.  Its kind of a dungeon when you first come in with a distinct scent but mehhhh it's damn good once you get down and grubbin'.
4	Got the king crab....expensive as hell but best meal I have had in my life. That is a death row last meal for sure ;) Environment...eh. Not a fan. We were in a tiny, white walled, white table clothed room. Three tables surrounded us. Not romantic, nothing to look at, sterile looking. I love that it's the original look from when this place opened, but needs some decor or something! Food....outstanding.... ambiance....not great.
3	I think the food (that is the appetizers) as that's all I've tried so far is very good.  We've been there on two occasions and both times sat the bar.  The clam chowder (not the manhattan kind cuz that just isn't real clam chowder and I can say that since I'm from Massachusetts) is very good, creamy just like I like it.  The escargot in mushroom caps is good, but I'd rather just have the escargot in garlic butter and do without the mushroom caps (they blocked the true flavors of the dish).  The ceviche was very good and the oysters were good too.  Ambience wise, it is pretty dark overall (well, maybe that is because it is underground).  The bar is cold in both its temperature and its design.  The dining room looks dated.  Overall, if you are going for quality seafood and not ambience, it's a winner!
5	For our Anniversary my wife, and i went to the Salt Cellar. Making sure to have a nice seat, we made reservations after reading advice to do so on yelp!We went there for our anniversary, but also to try the food after reading many reviews . Ordering many appetizers, about 4-5 in total during happy hour, and 3-4 entress, we picked at each one. Not eating with an appetite, we took our time tasting all of the dishes! They were all great, and we were happy to be taking how left overs!Forget Bob D.  and Papadeaux, unless you like glass in your lobster tail...If you looking for authentic, fresh, satisfaction, this is the place to go. If you like the fast food, commercialized seafood quick bite, Papadeaux will probably suite you best.The food at Salt Cellar is prepared fresh, with the time you woudl expect food like this to take, instead of a 10-15 minute arrival.The atmosphere was very relaxing, and romantic. The only thing i can say that needed improvement was the hanging, sprayed painted egg cartons, placed on the ceiling as decoration. Many were hanging on for dear life, making us wonder if any would fall on us? Dont let that make you think twice though. It it very well decorated throughout with many theme setting items! Very authentic!We ordered such appetizers as: Scallops, Crab cakes, Oysters Rockefeller, Shrimp Cocktail, and Steamed Mussels! Presentation and taste was unbelievable!!!So many great combinations, and the evidence of how frsh everythign was could not be denied!For Dinner we ordered:Mahi-mahi, Salmon Wellington, Beef Wellington, and Baked stuffed shrimp!I cant even go into enough detail to explain how great everything was! We obviously had 4-5 to go boxes.Definetly not cheap, but well worth the price for the quality, service, and atmosphere!! I reccommend this place to any seafood lover! make it a special occasion!Long review yes, but still does no justice. Salt cellar deserves every word !Thank you Salt Cellar for your quality in food, and hospitality!Josh & Angel
4	Great seafood... Always. Tried the swordfish this time and it was perfectly prepared with a mango chutney. Not a fancy place but charming and unique. Amazing seafood dishes, decent prices and super service.Try it, you'll like it!
5	We have been going to the Salt Cellar for more than 25 years.  It has always been our special treat, just relaxing at the bar with the best Oysters we can find in our city.  Just love them!
2	I hate giveing such a low review but for the price this place was very disapointing. I ordered the lobster and steamed clams, and the clams were very good. The Lobster on the other hand could only be described as disgusting. Dry, and tasting as though it had been dead and left out long before cooking. I brought this up to the waiter and got an apology, but no comp, not even an offer to take it back and show it to the chef (cook?). Sorry, at these prices I'm not comming back. I am willing to pay much more than they charged for really good seafuood, but that lobster was disgusting.
3	We celebrated a friend's promotion here last night.  If you're going to dine here, I would strongly suggest a reservation.  We had one and we still weren't seated on time.  It's a unique experience as it's underground.  However, that does make for a pretty crowded space all around.   There seemed to be quite a few people that were there just to hang out in the bar and given the limited space and mild sense of claustrophobia, that is not something I would choose to do.  The drinks were done well and they have a great selection of spirits at the bar.  The complimentary bread is tasty but the pieces are huge.  Our crab cake starter might well have been my favorite item.  It's super extra crabby and in this case, that is a plus!  They have a case with "live" lobsters but I suspect these guys had at least one claw in the dish.  (That, or they all have a terrible case of the thorazine shuffle.)  My lobster was prepared well enough but it was fairly chewy.  My steak was delicious but it was prepared medium rare rather than the medium I requested.  (Thankfully, the lighting was low which made it difficult to see the clear evidence of murder on my plate.)  The amaretto cheesecake was tasty and you get a little glass of amaretto with it.  It's hard for me to balk at prices because they're serving fish in the desert.  But know that it's going to be a pretty spendy evening.   Given that some of our favorite restaurants are just down the road in Old Town, I would probably not choose to come here again.  It was a fun evening and I recommend coming at least once but for me, it won't be a repeat experience.
3	After my lower review I was promptly contacted by the staff at salt cellar, given an apology and told the best means of resolving issues should something like this happen again. Tell your server promptly, go to the manager quickly. It seems sometimes lobster can have issues beyond the ability of the staff to be aware of until it is actually cracked open. I will give the Salt Cellar another try in the future.
4	I like this place because it's unique. The restaurant is actually in a basement of the building hence the name Salt Cellar. I always go during Happy Hour when prices are cheaper because this place is rather expensive. Oh seating is not suitable for really large groups. There's a bar and then there are smaller tables in a separate small room.Other than the prices, the food is good and the atmosphere is great. It has that private posh bar feel with dim lighting. Try the turtle soup, steamed mussels and the raw oysters. The steamed mussels can be eaten without any sauce. It's that tasty. The escargot is nice too. The baked oyster was kind of bland. But you'll have to try it yourself.This place is for people that want to be fancy for the night. Eat and drink like an important person. Service is not bad and the food is good. And like I said, it's unique atmosphere. Just be prepared to pay the premium for it.
5	I've lived on both coasts but this was the best seafood ever
1	Rude & Arrogant people! Its our first time going there! Lost our reservation for valentines after i msde it a month ago! husband was overseas and was going to surprise him.. They completely ruined it and made no effort to correct it. Then owner got on phone and was very rude and arrogant when I was complaining and proceeded to tell me how good they're apparently doing! In this economy Mr. Owner it's a blessing, I'm sure with this kind of attitude you'll just fine without us and many other people..  I'll be sure to spread the word about your establishment.  . Thanks for ruining our special day.
5	This place is a must if you love seafood, yes it's pricey but an amazing dining experience and casual bar if you just want to enjoy a drink and bar menu.  Note: you cannot order the main menu from the bar.  The dining is business casual to formal, intimate seating areas located underground, it's amazing, I've never seen anything like it before.  Staff is super friendly and reservations are strongly encouraged.  This is not a chain, just excellent quality seafood and an experience you'll never forget, just bring your wallet :)  cheers and enjoy
1	This restaurant was horrible! I went there a few weeks ago with my husband and his parents for my husband's birthday. All of the seafood we had was overcooked: lobster, stuffed shrimp and grouper. I highly doubt that they fly their lobsters in from Maine daily. The vegetables were not fresh or seasonal and the baked potato had no substance. How do you screw up a baked potato??! I think the lighting is so dim because they do not want you to actually see the food on your plate. The dessert, chocolate lava cake, wasn't even good. I grew up on the east coast and love old fashioned seafood restaurants; however, there is no comparison. I couldn't even dent the food on my plate because the thought of eating it made me feel sick. There are too many amazing restaurants in Scottsdale to come here and pay for overpriced, not fresh seafood.
1	I really want to like this place because it is really kinda cool, being underground and all that. But I have given it several tries and I just can't recommend it.  Had one mediocre meal and said , " we'll try again" . Went for my birthday and it was worse than Long John Silvers, albeit more expensive. Complaining (politely) only garnered more mediocre food along with a poor attitude.  Tonight we thought, Oh, we'll just try the bar for happy hour. Scott greeted us and seemed pleasant but Dale actually managed to take our order and deliver it without uttering a word. In fact, I thought he was not going to say a word at all until we left. But he must have overheard me telling my husband that NOTHING ( mussels or any of the mystery dipping sauces they came with ) had ANY flavor. The only thing I noticed was a strong smell of sewer. Anyway,  he said " oh! So Is your stuff any good?"  I said ," Meh. It's ok. but really bland". At which point he walked away, never to be heard from again. I asked for the check which Scot delivered. The bill was $ 43 and some odd cents and I left $6 and some odd cents. I don't care if he thinks I am cheap (former server, good tipper) because I will not return. Everybody says the economy sucks. I think peoples attitudes suck. When we go out to spend our hard earned dollars make it worth our while.
1	For twenty years my husband and I have enjoyed dining at the Salt Cellar, unfortunately the last few visits left us wondering what happened to this once excellent restaurant.Last night was no exception. We planned on having appetizers at the bar but the bartender Daniel was so rude we moved to a table so we could be served by someone who would actually take our order. We typically start with the SanRemo . Unfortunately the chef must have quit and taken the recipe with him because this was not the San Remo I used to dream about. It tasted like it was swimming in Tabasco sauce ,the shrimp were tiny and overcooked. The shrimpcocktail was so bad we had to send it back. Even the server said she wasn't sure what the stringy things were hanging off the shrimp???  We should have run for the door at this point but we were starving and couldn't imagine that every item we ordered would be so lackluster and void of flavor. The Salt Cellar is expensive and with all the new restaurants opening that actually care about the quality of food they prepare and offer excellent service we intend to spend our hard earned money elsewhere. Goodbye Salt Cellar it was a good run while it lasted.
2	We had been wanting to try the Salt Cellar for years, having heard good word of mouth and mostly positive reviews.  We wanted to like it.  We really really did, but our experience was less than stellar.  We started in the bar for happy hour.  This was, for the most part, the highlight of our evening.  The happy hour food is reasonably priced.  The same can't be said for the tiny overpriced drinks.  Obviously what you save in food cost is made up on the drinks.  We had raw oysters, raw clam, halibut ceviche, and the shrimp san remo, which is a signature dish of the Salt Cellar.  the oysters, at $1.50 each, were a bargain.  Plump, briny and with just enough "chew" to give them substance.  Served with an average cocktail sauce and lemon wedges, it seemed we were off to a good start.  Same for the ceviche (I believe it was about $8.00).  Bathed in a flavorful lime juice, the moist fresh chopped halibut was ensconced in a bed of chopped onion tomato and herbs.  Again, delicious and refreshing.  Just 'ok' was the Shrimp San Remo (about $12.00).  Eight medium shrimp in a spicy sauce which also included portabello mushroom pieces.  While tasty with just enough spice to keep it interesting, the sauce was a bit overly oily.  Our waitress brought us a basket of bread and the oiliness didn't stop us from sopping up the tasty sauce.  Although my stomach did not appreciate the grease later!  Now the bad.  The clams ($1.50 each) had gone south.  They had a rancidness to them that was very off putting. We brought it to our waitress' attention and she offered to exchange them for oysters, which was ok, but when we got our bill, we had been charged for the extra oysters.  Not a huge deal, but when you drop almost $90.00 just for happy hour, it would have been nice if the oysters had been comped or at least offer to buy us a drink. On to the dining room.  First, the whole restaurant is in need of a major decor remodel.  Not saying change the charming theme, but get the mustiness out and update the upholstery, carpet and tacky pictures on the walls.  Just freshen it a bit.  then whole decor harkened back to those rotten clams.The wait staff is professional enough, nothing particularly outstanding, but capable and attentive without being a perpetual shadow.I ordered the scallops in crab/shrimp cream sauce (about $35.00)and my date ordered the stuffed lobster (about $45.00).  Both came with an average mixed dinner salad and a bread basket.  When my dish came, I was a little surprised  to see that there was no accompaniment, just the n\entree.  No veggie, which would have been fine if the dish wasn't so miserly on the scallops.  Only four lonely, medium sized scallops floating in a soupy pink "sauce".  The sauce had a faint taste of fishy cream and little other flavor. It had shreds of crab meat that seemed out of a can and those tiny little shrimp that have no flavor whatsoever.  The scallops were overcooked so they were rubbery.   The aforementioned cream sauce added nothing to the dish and the mound of white rice in the middle of it all only served as a reminder as to the minuteness of the actual seafood in this dish.  Not at all a bargain for the cost.My companions dish didn't fare much better.  The lobster was decent size but grossly over cooked.  The soggy vegetable accompanying it had no flavor, and the stuffing was dry and flavorless as well.  There was a nice surprise of about three scallops in the stuffing.  Perhaps they had crawled off my dish to keep warm, which would account for the amount I received.  She also elected the lemon rice.  Perhaps a bloodhound could detect a faint whiff of  lemon, but we sure couldn't.  The Salt Cellar clientele seem to be a bit on the older side, which might account for the lack of seasonings, or perhaps they think the seafood can speak for itself. Well, if the seafood was fresher and cooked properly, perhaps that would be ok.  But given the circumstances, it NEEDED A FLAVOR INJECTION!If this were a medium or lower priced seafood restaurant, I could give them a pass, but I dropped over $240.00 between the happy hour, dinner and tips and in no way was what we were served worth that.  they charge high-end restaurant, premium seafood prices but deliver sub-par food and just ok service.  It's apparent that there are quite a few people that like this place and are repeat customers.  We won't be counted amongst them, although we might consider coming again for happy hour
2	I was so disappointed with the Salt Cellar. We made reservations here for our anniversary dinner knowing what a phx staple this place is. table was ready which woudlnt have been a problem considering that the place was empty. My hubby had the scallops and lobster which were average at best. I had the steak ordered rare it came more medium and wasnt that tasty. For the price i just wasnt impressed. there is a ton of great food in the area and i wont be returning. it wasnt all bad the wait staff was very friendly and the oysters were ok. just the quality isnt there for the price.
5	This place is awesome ! I do not  understand the few negative (amongst the mostly positive) reviews I saw when I looked it up before  going there last evening. We loved everything about this place. The ambiance , the wait staff, the food!!! Lauren was our server and she was the friendly , engaging , and super attentive. We will be asking for her again!  The shrimp san remo was delicious as we're the lobster, king crab, and amaretto cheesecake! The whole experience was just great. We can't wait to go back and are planning on enjoying many happy hours and meals there ! :D
3	We came here to celebrate a co-worker's birthday. We're a mixed group from all over (Texas, Florida, Maryland, and California). The exterior of the place looks a little odd....... you have to walk down a few flights of stairs to get to the restaurant. But it sure is a lot cooler than down there!!!!! Kind of a unique looking restaurant. I'm a natice Northern Cal girl, born and raised in San Francisco....I have fresh seafood at my fingertips on a daily basis. So I was a little skeptical about a seafood place in Phoenix, AZ.I ordered the New england clam chowder and it was pretty good. Not too salty!!!! I also had the fried shrimp dish. It was prepared just right.  Overall, everyone orderered seafood dishes and enjoyed them. The Snicker's cheesecake was wonderful.Service was good.........a little slow. Apparantly, the server has to manually compute the tabs if you ask for a split check.  Menu is a little pricey, but worth it for "Fresh" seafood.
5	This is a wonderful restaurant. My wife and I went there last night. It was a fabulous place. The service was great. The shrimp San Remo was superb.  My wife had the crab cakes and loved them.  I had the King salmon with dill - perfect.  The bread was fresh fresh and very tasty.  We will definitely return.  One really wonders about the negative reviews.
5	Shrimp San Remo is the best! My wife and I go here for special occasions, and it is always so good and has fantastic service! We love this place
3	Good happy hour prices and fresh seafood. Nothing to write home about but a better choice than spending your whole paycheck at Eddie Vs or wildfish for okay food
4	Love the happy hour here!! Mussels, little necks, oysters you name it
1	if I could give this restaurant zero stars I would.  It was that bad.  We had gone for my birthday  and it was our first time there.  They sat us right by the kitchen, after i specifically asked for a nice table. The food was inedible.  And that is putting it kindly.  I even wrote a letter to the owner and manager and never heard back from them.  It was like taking $ 150 and burning it in front of me.  NEVER AGAIN.
5	I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday last month. He loves seafood and last year I took him to Ocean Club which was outrageously expensive with mediocre food. So I thought I would try something different and took him to SC. Totally pleasantly surprised!We had two drinks each, he had the stuffed lobster and I had crab legs. Both entrees came with potatoes, veggies and a side salad. They brought out bread and butter before, and for his birthday a free piece of Snickers cheesecake at the end. The food was DELICOUS... and a lot of it. Neither of us could finish it all.The bill ended up being about $85, and I was shocked, expecting way more. Very happy about that!The atmosphere is fun, its all underground with a cool little bar. You can dress up if you want, but you could also go totally casual. I like having that option.I will definitely return and have already been recommending this place to a lot of my clients. 5 stars!
5	Pricey I suppose, but an awesome ambiance, and excellent seafood.  A great place for a date.  A little crowded, but that won't stop me from eating there.
5	Last night was my first visit EVER. I have no idea why I waited this long. Showed up for their reverse happy hour with a group last night. We sat at the Bar and Scott was behind the bar. Such an amazing experience and Scott was great. We order quite a few items from the Happy Hour list and all of it was amazing. The Shrimp Toast was my favorite, followed by the Escargot. We also ordered Oysters on the Half Shell and Oysters Rockefeller. Those were delicious as well. The Oyster Shots were interesting and fun. $3 Well drinks are great to wash all of this down. I had a blast last night here and I will be back again. Thank you Salt Cellar.
4	Another place we had driven by countless times over the last many years and finally stopped in for happy hour.  We arrived right at 4pm when the bar was opening and it filled up immediately...apparently the word is out that this place serves up an amazing happy hour!  We enjoyed a crisp glass of white wine along with our shrimp cocktail...best shrimp cocktail ever and the cocktail sauce should be bottled and sold - it is THAT good!  The bartenders were really professional and attentive too.  We'll definitely be back again to this Valley classic.
5	Started with escargot - in mushroom caps - dip the bread into the butter and garlic - my fav appetizer of all time! We had the Alaskan king crab legs with rice and vegis - which has to be one if the best meals money can buy. The expert waiter cracks the crab to perfection- leaving you to dip the very large and incredibly sweet crab meat into the melted butter - and experience a true feast! San Rimo shrimp dish is also excellent - both in appetizer or pasta dinner. Owner Richard Huie chatted with us and thanked us for coming on our way out. A wonderful experience that is always consistently excellent every time we dine at the Salt Cellar.  5 star all the way.
1	Hello to all my fellow foodies :)Here it is 2 years after my first experience and for some odd reason I chose to celebrate my birthday again at Salt Cellar.  I was really craving some seafood and at the time I forgotten just how poor the first experience was....so.... a group of us met at the tiny overcrowded bar area.We were allowed to bring our appetizers to the table and still pay the "happy hour" prices... I though this was decent of them.I was craving scallops and asked more than once if scallops were in season, as I know there are certain times of the year when such items are "in season" therefore providing a fresher delicacy.The one thing I really enjoyed the last time was their bread... it was crusty and soft and absolutely delicious.  I was told the bread is the same as it always was....NOT!Dont tell me what you think I want to hear!  The bread was NOTHING like it used to be....this time is was simply "bread"....nothing at all good or special about it.After many appetizers, we were served our salad...again, nothing special..very basic, except for mine... I guess I got the birthday surprise... a long hair attached to a piece of lettuce! DISGUSTING... I showed the waiter who was very professional about it and seemed almost embarassed.The group of us tried several items.  I got the scallops...after being assured they are in season and very good... Why do I bother to ask, when I know they cant say something like "oh no...dont go with the scallops, they are small and not really the time of year for them" and you'll regret it!These small morsels were overcooked and rubbery and lacked any flavor!A couple people got surf and turf and the steak also lacked any flavor/seasoning and was not cooked to was was requested.The lobster, I was told was o.k but nothing to rave about.We experiemented with some shrimp toast which I really cant describe because I am not sure what it tasted like other than salty...couldnt not detect the shrimp taste.I returned my scallops and after the hair and rubbery food had no desire to try anything else.The owner had come over to the table and apologized for the "series of events", his excuse for the hair being that due to the ventilation system hair and partical will fly around... (which of course has to land somewhere...why not my salad) They removed my scallops from the check....duhhhh any mediocore place would do the same.I would like to give a special THANK YOU to our waiter.. my apologies for not remembering your name, but he was terrific!  Friendly, quick and when we needed him...he was around.We got out of there with what I feel is a HIGH price to pay for such a distasteful experience.When I got home and after hearing my friends give their critique of my choice of restaurant to celebrate at I was pretty unhappy!I felt the owner, although a nice man, did not care enough about his customers to do something a little "above and beyond" to apologize for the experience and try to keep a customer.I called the restaurant and spoke with the owner and told him I was very dissapointed and felt that he should have done something more than make excuses.. he kept apologizing and I assured him none of the 5 of us would every return to Salt Cellar.He finally said he would like to do something for me and asked for my address.Here it is a couple weeks later...not sure why he wanted my address...maybe he is gonna picket my house or send mean letters...who knows... he never did anything!It is clear to see why his restaurant is not packed as it was years ago....You may have the repeat business from those who have been patronizing your establishment from back in the day when your food was actually good, or there were no other options for seafood...but guess what?  There are other options!At this point in my review I usually suggest you go and try for yourself...but this time I am going to save you the time and money....GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!You will be glad you did.As for the owner of Salt Cellar....apologies and excuses are simply words....Stand behind your restaurant...you should have wanted to prove to me that you do a better job than was we experienced.You are cutting too many corners to save money and it is costing you your customers!Your actions speak for themselves!It used to be when you mention Salt Cellar people would ooohhh and ahhh...those days are gone, most of the people I mention it to have no idea what Salt Cellar is.That speaks VOLUMES!And so I say... Bon Appetite'
5	I heard about this mystic underground seafood restaurant by chance and I made a mental note of it. My roommate picked up on it when I explained, as best I could, that this place is essentially a parking lot with a restaurant underneath it. And apparently, the seafood is to die for. So when the next special occasion arose (my birthday), my roommate and I made plans to travel to this netherworld of seafood delicacies and subterranean mystery.The experience was better than I could've imagined. First, there was a small crowd waiting for the place to open. Seating is limited, so it can fill up pretty fast. But this added to the adventure feeling, as if we were all on some sort of marine odyssey and we had to gather at the gangplank. We descended into the rustic interior along with the other guests, and then bellied up to the bar to have some appetite-enhancing cocktails before our reservation time. The bar is pretty cool and has a great selection of mixed drinks... I may have to return just for their Happy Hour sometime, and scarf down what looked like a great menu of seafood appetizers.When it was our turn to enter The Abyss, rather, the dining room, we were prepared. We had done our research and watched a clip from the local PBS show "Check, Please! Arizona" where the reviewers drooled as they described the sauteed shrimp San Remo appetizer. We had to have it! We made sure to indulge in the fresh baked bread in thick-sliced hunks, perfect for sopping up this most heavenly, buttery, garlicky, tomatoey sauce. This is truly a magnificent, superstar dish that I still dream about (despite the buttery stains that soaked through my napkin onto my dress slacks)! This appetizer is so delicious, that I had no problem eating it AND wearing it.My entree was also quite special. I ordered the mahi mahi (with macadamia nuts), which came with wild rice pilaf and sauteed veggies. I expected this to look like Trout Almondine, with slivered almonds atop. However, the macadamia nuts are actually part of a toothsome, applesauce-like topping which confused me greatly. The sauce definitely has the crushed nuts, but the flavor is a bit sweet and reminiscent of ginger-bread spices. It wasn't until I was several bites deep and I squeezed all of my lemon on the fish, that I understand the genius of the flavors. The lemon really opens it up and lets you experience the delicate texture and savory character of the fish accented with gingery and nutty notes from the sauce. Truly a novel approach to what might otherwise be dismissed as just another white fish dish.Alas, we had a fabulous time at the Salt Cellar. We even got along famously with the couple at the table next to us who were celebrating an anniversary. It seems that the novelty of the underground location and the fabulous food makes for a real treat! I consider my meal here one of my most unique and unforgettable dining experiences.
5	My husband and I had our 20th ANNIVERSARY fall on a Wednesday night and we decided to go ahead and go out to celebrate and take our 12 year old daughter with us.  I had gone to Sees Candy to pick up some chocolates for my husband earlier in the day and I asked the employees there what they recommended.  Both of them highly recommended the Salt Cellar.THE ENTIRE RESTAURANT IS UNDERGROUND.  We walked down three short flights of stairs to an atmosphere that was very inviting.  The HOSTESS greeted us with a smile.  The SERVICE was excellent.   Our WAITRESS was very attentive but not overly attentive.  Another one of the staff kept our water, wine and soft drinks flowing.The FOOD was excellent.  The bread was delicious, especially when we dipped it in the sauce from our SHRIMP SAN REMO APPETIZER which tasted like nothing I ever had before and was one of the best tasting dishes I have ever had.  I will definitely order that again.I had the BLACKENED HALIBUT which was the biggest piece I have ever been served in my life and it was cooked perfecly and the tasted delicious.  The baked potato was also very good.  The BROCOLLI with a touch of cheese sauce was amazing!  My daughter had the KING CRAB LEGs which were cracked open tableside by the waitress.  My daughter said some of the pieces were really good and some were just ok.  For $55 I expected them to all be delicious.  I enjoyed the bite I tried, which was very lobster like to me.   My husband had the SAUTEED SCALLOPS with mushrooms which was absolutely DELICIOUS.  OUR DESSERT was the BOURBON CHEESECAKE which the server gave to us on the house since it was our anniversary.  Nice touch.  It was delicious!We are all looking forward to going back and trying more entrees and we will definitely order the SHRIMP SAN REMO again if it's available!
4	Went here the other night and had the stuffed lobster. We had a shrimp appetizer that was to die for.  Fantastic!!!  Service was excellent as well with a very nice atmosphere.  I would highly recommend for a nice dinner.  Prices are a little steep.
5	I took my boyfriend here after he said he wanted Beef Wellington for his birthday and I was still too overtaken by Cabo's revenge on my system to make it myself. I had reservations already at Capital Grille, because I saw that Salt Cellar initially had a 3.5 yelp rating. I can honestly say, the Salt Cellar is a pure 5. Upon driving up to Salt Cellar, I was confused by its street 'look'. Its tiny as the restaurant is underground. Stairs, stairs down and we were greeted by a friendly hostess. We had deliberately gone to the Salt Cellar early, so that we could have some oysters on happy hour, (that runs 7 days!), and a couple of drinks prior to dinner. My boyfriend had the $1.50 happy hour Oyster Shooter. Not gonna lie, I was just, icked by that. He loved it though. A raw oyster in a shot glass with a very good cocktail/horseradishy sauce and topped with vodka. Its his birthday.. he can do what he wants! We ordered a app of Oysters Rockefeller. They weren't my favorite, but they were still very good. Some restaurants do rockefeller different and I tend to like mine with a little red sauce involved. At dinner, we started with a very good Emeritus Pinot and the Shrimp San Remo. The San Remo is a specialty here at Salt Cellar. Decent sized prawns in a garlic, wine, butter, sun dried tomatoe saute; capped with portabello slices. Very good. I think I craved that a day later! Katie, our waitress, was an awesome waiter. She knew her stuff and the menu like the back of her hand. Scott inquired about the Turtle Soup and she graciously  brought him a sample. Dinner was me having a large stuffed lobster tail. Stuffed with scallops and crab meat and baked with a panko breading. I paired it with a filet for $18 more. The Beef Wellington Scott had was melt in your mouth awesome. Needless to say we were full by the time we both had a few bites. The breads are divine. The service is impeccable. I love this place!
1	My grandparents came into town from Florida and wanted to go to dinner. Their absolute favorite food is seafood and being that they live in a place where great seafood is available everywhere, I wanted to take them someplace that would not disappoint. Anytime I have ever asked anyone where to get good seafood at in Arizona, the answer has always been The Salt Cellar.  I want to start off by saying the service staff in every aspect was stellar.  We showed up with one more person than we had anticipated and the hostesses were quick to make the last minute accommodation. The ladies in your bar were so sweet, and our server was amazing. In regards to the food, my sister and I ordered oysters on the half shell, which were the best we have ever had. My mom got the crab stuffed shrimp and really enjoyed it. My sister and I also split the crab legs and filet. Unfortunately, this is where things take a different direction.  Crab legs were great, but the medium filet was not seasoned at all and was chewy.  My fifteen year old son got the filet and shrimp.  He liked the shrimp, but said the steak was not good, and he usually likes, and will pretty much eat everything with no complaints. My grandfather's fish was overcooked, and my grandmother's fried shrimp was soggy.  We had cold veggies on our plates that tasted like they were warm at one time, but had sat out for quite awhile.  Let me just say, money is not the issue here.  Our bill was 317 dollars after tip, for an average of about 53 dollars per person. Totally reasonable for a great meal. When it comes to amazing food, service and atmosphere I would pay double that.  I do realize this is a seafood restaurant, however for the amount of money that is being charged I would expect to leave feeling that EVERYTHING was amazing.  I originally thought about going to The Keg which is similarly priced. I have ordered different steak and seafood dishes there many times and each time said to my husband, "Oh my God. I loved every part of that dinner!" However, I wanted to take my grandparents to a local restaurant and not a chain restaurant that they could go to anytime in Florida. After hearing the great things about this restaurant, I decided to take a chance and go here instead. I was honestly SO surprisingly disappointed and to be frank, embarrassed that I suggested it. It was just, eh. Everyone left saying "It was ok, but not great." My mom and sister who also live here said it was totally not what they had expected. I did not want to tell the server about this in front of my whole family when he asked how everything was, not to mention we were in a hurry and could not have had our dinners remade at that time had they offered. So I decided to return home and email the manager. In her response she just proceeded to tell me that the issue is their food supplier and not the preparation. She made absolutely no attempts to regain our service. I would have given this restaurant at least three stars but after receiving her reply bumped it down to a 1.
4	We had dinner there and it did not disappoint.  My girlfriend is from the east coast and loves seafood and she really enjoys it.  The shrimp San Remo is a must if you enjoy shrimp, portabello mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes.  Halibut cheeks and scallops were very good.I'd give it 5 stars but I get a little claustrophobic in the dining room as it is a cellar but I know that going into it.
4	My wife and I visited last night for the first time and really enjoyed it. We arrived not realizing we should have made reservations, so we ended up waiting for an hour; not a big deal. We spent that hour at the bar where the bartenders were very efficient. We tried the scallops as appetizers which were very good. We were then seated and greeted by our server quickly. I mentioned my food allergies and the server was very accommodating. I enjoyed the Alaskan Halibut and my wife enjoyed the King Salmon Oscar she ordered. both were cooked excellently.My only minor complaints are that it was a bit noisy as it is a "cellar" type room, very enclosed. The pricing was a bit high as well, but we really enjoyed our meals so it wasn't a big deal. We would definitely return.
4	As a lover of seafood I have been wanting to go here for awhile but given the prices just couldn't get myself to go. That was a mistake! I did get a nice spot bonus from work so decided that it was time to head down into the cellar. The food was GREAT. The service was even better. I loved our waitress. We had oysters, lobster and dessert. Even the people there were friendly as we were talking to our neighbors who said they will just split a dish, so my excuse that it's too expensive to go regularly may have just gone out the window. If you want a seafood spot in the desert, this is it!
5	I love the salt cellar . It is my favorite place for sea food. The happy hour in the bar is fantastic with 3.50 well drinks and they just added the four peaks pumpkin porter to theory beer on tab which is delicious :). The tacos, shrimp toast, mussels, shrimp san remo ( shrimp sun dried tomatoes and mushrooms sauteed in a butter sauce...my favorite), and crab cakes make this place amazing. The service is always attentive and I always feel well taken care of. Dont forget to try the snickers cheesecake for dessert :)
5	've been here four or five times with my wife. The wait staff are some of the best in the city. They are usually right on. The best mussels I've had since my sister-in-law's house in Brooklyn. The seafood tastes fresh and well seasoned. My wife had one bad dish there. The waiter could tell by her full plate she did not enjoy the crab cake entree. He promptly apologized and took to meal off our check. I will be back. No restaurant is perfect but they handled it with class. Kudos for running a business the right way!
4	Good happy hour and attentive bar staff. The decor is very dated and the old cigarette smell sticks after you leave but it has a certain old school vibe about it that makes it unique. I enjoy their mussels and crab cakes.
5	Under ground restaurant, dim light for romantic casual dinner, pricey but very worthed to wait. The waiters very informative and fast! I love to go back!!!
4	Excellent food, service and atmosphere. The staff was knowledgeable about the menu and offered recommendations if we couldn't choose. Each of us had seafood and it was very tasty. Dessert was amazing too. I enjoy that you can wear jeans or you can dress nicely. It was more expensive than I'm used to, but I knew that beforehand. It is not someplace I'd eat at every week, but reserve for special occasions.
4	This is a very unique restaurant to visit for special occassions; I love how everything is underground!  The bar's selection of liquor is very impressive and pretty affordable.  Dinner has always been superb on my visits.  My only complaint is that sometimes you get stuck sitting very closely to other tables because the restaurant is rather small.
5	This place is fantastic for a romantic dinner, we went for our anniversary last year. The service is nice, the underground restaurant very cool (feels like you're on a ship), and the food was delicious. The lemon pecan rice and scallops were so good. Make sure to get a Moscow Mule if you're drinking!
5	One of my favorites! Ive been there twice and got the soft shell crab which was exceptional.  The oysters are very good too for apppetizers and so is the manhattan clam chowder. It looks very small from the outside but the restaurant is underground.
4	Completely loved the service and the atmosphere but the food itself was fairly mediocre. With the price point I would have expected something a little better prepared. The seafood was definitely quite fresh though. I do have to compliment their scallops. I did not have them but tasted my husband's and he was quite happy with them. I had the lobster and felt that it was a little over cooked. Not the best Maine lobster I've ever eaten. I did truly enjoy the tarragon dressing salad. I would probably give this one another chance.
1	I WISH I COULD GIVE SALT CELLAR ZERO STARS.If you enjoy being treated as if you are an unworthy piece of crap, you will love Salt Cellar.Short version: We were asked to leave because we were ordering drinks and appetizers, not entrees. We received horrible treatment from top down: owner, manager and server because we weren't spending enough money... and the money we were spending (probably around  $200+ total) wasn't worthy of a table. Now myself, my family, nor the friends I was with will ever spend another dime in this poor-excuse for a "service industry" establishment ever again.Details:Myself along with four other coworkers came here after work on a Friday to order drinks and food. We all arrived separately between 5-5:30 and put our name in for a table because the bar area did not have enough open seating for us. Two rounds of drinks and about 40 minutes later, we are seated. The waitress offered transfer our bar tab to our new waitress at the table, but we wanted to pay the bartender, to ensure he was getting tipped for his time helping us at the bar.Once we were seated, we ordered appetizers, and we continued to order drinks.  About 45 minutes in, the server came over and proceeded to say that if we are not ordering dinner, Salt Cellar needs to use the table for people who actually will be ordering dinner. So, we, paying customers, need to leave our table because we aren't ordering food of a certain price point? Mind you, we weren't just taking up space, we were still ordering food and drink!!!Naturally, our reaction was to question her action. She stood firm. We went to the manager to explain what had just happened. Then, the MANAGER essentially said yeah, if you aren't ordering dinner, we need you to leave the table because there are people waiting to eat dinner. Was extremely rude about it, too. (weird concept, waiting for a table at a restaurant, right?)That alone made us want to leave, and also made us realize that our waitress was probably told to say that, and it probably wasn't her fault. So on our way out, I apologized to our waitress for the way I reacted. The owner overheard me apologizing and asked what was going on, and I proceeded to tell him about our experience. To which he, THE OWNER, responded by telling me that I was wrong. Said we couldn't sit at the table if we weren't ordering dinner. He said that we "misrepresented" our intentions of what we would be ordering (we never said we wanted dinner) Anyway, I told him that it's wrong to treat customers that way, and he argued me. Told me I was wrong and we need to leave. Just FYI: we are not a rowdy crowd, we were not loud, annoying, inappropriately dressed. We are are all professionals who had just come from the office and wanted to go to (what we thought was) a decent place to enjoy each others company outside of work.
1	We would have been better off at Red Lobster... And I don't like Red Lobster. The food was out dated and over cooked. The service was crude and charged us for a dish they forgot and made us wait just to get it Togo. Way to own up to your mistake. We wanted to go to a bit nicer place since it is our Anniversary and were completely disappointed. For the money we spent we could of had bought all that seafood and prepared it better myself and paid for some personal entertainment for the evening. Lessened learned we will not be returning. Unfortunately we had to learn this tasteless lesson on such a special night. I must add before I end that my husband broke out in red spots and fever an hour after eating at The Salt Cellar. I'm most certain this was just a coincidental allergy after talking to a doctor giving him Benadryl. He felt better after taking the medicine but we both grew up on seafood in the Northwest and he has never experienced anything like that after eating seafood. The only dish he ate that I refused to was the steamed muscles because they were so small and over cooked but maybe they were just poor quality. I know I have high standards after just now getting out of the food industry after culinary school and ten years in restaurants, BUT this is the first time I have felt strongly enough to write a yelp review in hopes of warning someone who was also thinking of trying The Salt Cellar for the first time to just not. Maybe if the service was a amazing I would not have been inspired to write my first review but it was just was bad as the food. I just give up. Good seafood does not happen in the desert. Sigh.
5	Defiantly recommend. Food was great!! Aj was the bar tender. He knew his stuff !! Very friendly and knew all the best dishes. Great atmosphere. Great service. Will come back !
3	2.5 overall for the food 3 for the service. The restaurant is old school in feel. My halibut was about as ok as it can get and the side vegetables were over cooked and boring. My mom had the stuffed lobster and was really disappointed, dad finished his scallop dish and seemed happy. My ten year old had the king crab legs and really enjoyed them, I think this was the best entree on the table. My five year olds chicken teriyaki was 18 dollars...we get the hint don't bring your kids. We won't but it's not a nice enough restaurant to get mom and dad to return on a date. Total bill $338
2	After waiting 14 years to try this restaurant, we were hoping to experience a good seafood experience for our 44th wedding anniversary.  It is a very dark restaurant, at least the small room we were taken to was.  We used the candle on the table at first to read the menu then gave up and used our phones.  No one offered flashlights or even seemed to notice.  I ordered the swordfish with mango salsa.  The fish tasted fine but there was no imagination in the salsa or the side dishes.  The mango was very tart and overall bland.  My husband had the salmon oscar which is served over bread pudding.  He said the salmon and crab were good enough but again the bread pudding was tasteless and an odd thing to have combined with the seafood.  Salads served with the entree were boring and even the dressing could not help. Our waitress was pleasant enough but seemed to have a superior attitude for some reason.  We were truly disappointed.  With all the outstanding restaurants in this area, I'm surprised the Salt Cellar has lasted this long.  We do not plan on ever returning and will not be recommending it to any of our friends.
5	I went to the Salt Cellar with my boyfriend on my birthday and had an amazing experience. It looks really small from the outside but really opens up when you get down the stairs.  The fresh, seasonal fish is printed on a chalkboard near the lobster tank at the front.  We were greeted by friendly staff as soon as we walked up.  We decided to have a drink at the bar before being seated and the hostesses were very accommodating. When we went in for dinner the server was very friendly and knowledgeable.  The Shrimp San Remo is the best appetizer but the crab cakes are fantastic too!  The broiled scallops I had for dinner  were delicious and what a treat that the server cracked my boyfriend's crab legs for him right at the table! I had barely any room left but I couldn't pass up on the salted caramel gelato for dessert, it was incredible.Overall, I had an unforgettable birthday and I'm so happy we chose to celebrate at the Salt Cellar.  Amazing food and stellar service, keep up the good work!!
4	Had a great date night with my husband. The macadamia nut halibut was wonderful. Server was great and gave us plenty of personal space. We told him we were not in any hurry and he respected that. My only concern was the abrupt /rude hostess when I called to make the reservation. Not friendly or welcoming at all. But on a good note the bartender and waiter made up for the lack of the hostess. Food was wonderful!
1	The happy hour is good but they have t get rid of the old grumpy bartender. Killin the business... We walked out... He apparently thinks he owns the place.. Went to caralbad tavern instead !!!
4	I started going to Salt Cellar years about ten years ago. It has been my favorite restaurant in Arizona. It is disappointing to see all of the bad reviews on here, because my experience has always been great. The king crab legs are my favorite thing on the menu, besides the shrimp San Remo appetizer which is a must have! I will say, the prices have increased dramatically, so I have not been back in quite some time for dinner. I always start at the bar, and then sit down for dinner. I would go more often and sit at the bar for a drink, appetizer and salad, but you are not allowed to order salad in the bar area. Lou was our favorite bartender for years, and unfortunately he is no longer there. The last time I went, the new bartender was very rude to the people who I was with. I felt embarrassed because they were unhappy with the service, after I just talked the place up. I am guessing over time the inviting atmosphere has changed, and attendtion to detail along with great service has been replaced with making money.
1	If this place was in chicago it would lose business to red lobster!  The food is ok but the quality of service could be better at a 4yr olds tea party.  If you like this place then you prob also like long johnsilver, and ass in the box.   Bread was cold, vegetables are better from seamer bag, and ask for extra salad with your dressing. Good luck
5	We went there last week for dinner. It was fantastic. Started out with a dish called shrimp San remo  and a bucket of steamers. Both appetizers were awesome. I had never heard of halibut cheeks but our server recommended them so I got them . Wow!!! They were fantastic. They cracked our shellfish at the table which was a nice surprise. From the time we arrived to the time we left everything and everyone were great. I've seen some negative reviews on here and just don't get it. Thank u salt cellar!!! We will be back and will for sure be telling our friends about this place!
5	We went there last week for dinner. It was fantastic. Started out with a dish called shrimp San remo  and a bucket of steamers. Both appetizers were awesome. I had never heard of halibut cheeks but our server recommended them so I got them . Wow!!! They were fantastic. They cracked our shellfish at the table which was a nice surprise. From the time we arrived to the time we left everything and everyone were great. I've seen some negative reviews on here and just don't get it. Thank u salt cellar!!! We will be back and will for sure be telling our friends about this place!
5	Great food but VERY pricey. Worth every penny though.Ask for your waitress to be Kara. She is hilarious! Make her sing happy birthday. Haha
5	I have been to the salt cellar for dinner about 8 times. The servers have all been there for a long time. They are so professional and friendly. I almost always order the king crab because the waitress will crack it for me...yummy. last time, I had the halibut cheeks and let me tell you, they know how to make seafood at this place.  I read a few reviews before I posted this and I can't believe ANYONE would ever post anything negative. I have been there during the week, on the weekends, early evening, late night it doesn't matter the service is always superb and the food delicious.I found one of reviews about the steaks absurd. If you go to a seafood place and expect to get an inch and a half steak. Why not ask the server "are your steaks thick"? Why would you assume that a great seafood restaurant has equally great steaks? I will advise that if you want to get in to this restaurant for dinner, make a reservation. There aren't a lot of tables and its very busy. Again, I have never had a meal at the salt cellar that wasn't delicious. I would highly recommend the shrimp san remo appetizer and maybe even the mussels. The king crab legs will not disappoint. Wonderful seafood in the middle of arizona as they have it flown in daily, delish!
3	We have been going to the Salt Cellar for the past twenty years and have always raved about the food and the service and, of course, the atmosphere.  Last night, we went there for my birthday dinner.  We started appetizers, shrimp San Remos and Oysters Rockefeller.  The shrimp was delicious, but the Oysters were definitely lacking something and not up to par.  I had the baked stuffed shrimp (my favorite), and again something was definitely lacking--flavor.  Our bill for four adults and two children was $300.  So prices have definitely gone up!  Even so, the service was excellent and our waiter was very knowledgeable. The cheesecake and chocolate cake was also delicious.   Unfortunately, my craving for Oysters Rockefeller and baked stuffed shrimp will have to be fulfilled elsewhere in the future.
4	This place is for seafood lovers. Best happy hour prices for the freshest seafood around. I've come here a few times with the bf and we love ordering a dozen oysters , little neck clams, rockafellar oysters, and San Remo with a side of their bread. Everything is so tasty. We enjoy sitting belli up at the bar while sipping on martinis. Note- this place does get pretty packed for happy hour.. Specially during the weekend.Well worth every bite!
5	The seafood is great, yeah yeah yeah, you've heard that. It's also wild expensive, but it's certainly worth it to me, I love dining in strange locales and soaking up some history. What you really want to see here is the architecture, and the service. The waiters will impress your girlfriend (or boyfriend) with the snappiness and devotion to the craft. It's like someone... Taught them how to do their job, imagine that! I always have a vision of a rotund man just sitting at the bar for hours on end after ingesting half of the Atlantic seaboard and just... Smoking five cigars. Big ones. And I am sitting in the back, watching the elegant and pungent smoke curl over that little arch. Good times.
5	Food was delicious and worth the price! Service was great, overall, dining experience was awesome!  Definitely would recommend this place for seafood lovers!!
4	We made the drive from north Glendale for my 29th birthday dinner and it was so worth the trip!  The atmosphere is fun, the staff was very attentive and the food was great!  We ordered the shrimp san remo appetizer and steak and crab legs, steak and lobster and stuffed lobster entrees.  Everything was delicious, the seafood was so fresh, and I got to choose a complimentary dessert to share with the table :)  We will definitely go back and I highly recommend this place for other Arizona seafood lovers!!
2	A friend recently took me to dinner here for my birthday. I was very excited since I previewed the menu online and other's I had spoken with about the restaurant seemed to be satisfied customers.The service was great. The wait staff was attentive. My friend ordered the Shrimp San Remos (which seems to be a hit with others that have written a review) for the both of us. It was great.My friend ordered a lobster and I ordered a stuffed (crab & scallops) lobster. Her lobster was fine. But my lobster had the not so faint smell of ammonia. We even compared lobster smells and she agreed that my dish smelled of ammonia. I didn't say anything to anybody else and I ate most of my meal. It didn't dawn on me until the next day to look online and see why my lobster smelled of ammonia. Well, apparently this is what happens when the lobster isn't frozen or prepared in a timely manner after harvest or death. Although the quality of meat has deteriorated, it doesn't necessarily mean you will get food poisoning. Which I did not thankfully. Anyway, it was more disappointing than anything since it was my first time there and I expected a little bit better fare. I probably set myself up for failure since it was the middle of the week, an hour and a half before closing and people were just trying to go home. I thought they dealt with fresh seafood... Anyway, just a disappointment.Next time it will be an easier decision with Pappadeux's right around the corner from me.
3	Against my wishes my friend called the restaurant and informed them about the lobster that smelled of ammonia. She said the manager was apologetic and refunded the dinner. It was the right thing to do. I'm glad that was resolved for my friends sake because she felt bad about the situation since she took me out. I may actually give it another chance some day.
4	I had to go with 4 stars because its just so expensive. Had we known about the great happy hour menu in the bar, we would have ordered there. All our food was very fresh...oysters, shrimp cocktail and ceviche. Will definitely go back for HH.
4	Came back to this famous place after years of not going and ordered the appetizer fish and chips. It was the very best fish and chips I have ever eaten anywhere. Just wish the portion size were just a bit more and the price was a bit less. But will definitely be going there again to have something different on the menu because if they can make fish and chips this great the rest of the meals must be fantastic. The beer and drinks were served in smaller than usual glasses put charges the same price as if it were 12 ounces or more
5	This is a simple but great restaurant and bar. Service in both the bar and and the restaurant was friendly and attentive. The bar menu presents a real value during happy hour. We enjoyed Chowder, oysters on the half shell, shrimp cocktail and other dishes. With 2 drinks per person- $60. We then returned for dinner later in the week. The food was fresh, prepared perfectly and delicious and the portions were very generous. In Chicago our meal would have cost twice what we paid. We will back again and again.
4	San Remo shrimp and halibut cheeks!  Our anniversary dinner there last night and it didn't disappoint.  Drink service was a bit slow, but food service prompt, cheerful and helpful suggestions.  Only possible downside is that the tables are small and very close, so if you want to have a private conversation, this is not the place.  That said, our neighboring diners were friendly, but not obtrusive.  Will definitely go back.
5	This restaurant is a dream for seafood lovers in search of the finest. There were many menu choices and an entire page of special dishes for the night. The Shrimp Cocktail was perfect. 5 large shrimp, freezing cold with a zingy sauce. I had the Shrimp San Remo entree and it was to die for. An abundance of shrimp in a perfectly seasoned garlic sauce, with pasta, fresh parmesean, and an artichoke heart on top. I took home a large amount. They are very generous with portion size. Key Lime pie for dessert; not too tangy & not to sweet. Every bite of food at this place was a taste of heaven. My husband had the scallops and said they were tasty and cooked perfectly as well.   My compliments to the chef. Scott G. took care of us and he provided very high quality service. This is a perfect place for a special dinner or just a night out treating yourself to an excellent meal. Dinner is not cheap, but worth every penny. Best seafood in the valley in my opinion. Hats off- we'll be back! Oh, newcomers, did I mention the place is entirely underground? Yep, that's what I said!
5	I'm from Southern California and know good sea food. This is the one of two places in this state that I will eat sea food. The other is Mastro's Ocean Club. But The Salt Cellar is amazing!
5	I love seafood! And this has to be the best meal I have ever had! Ever! The service was amazing! I went here on a date and my date ordered for me I felt like I was in a movie! Amazing! I am still blown away! Will go back again and again!
5	(Actual visit was 2013/March) - From Virginia, I am used to Seafood restaurants. In Arizona? WOW! This place was so cool on so many levels. Speaking of levels, it's underground! Absolutely amazing. We were told at the hotel, that no reservations were needed. Wrong! However, they let us in, we sat at the small bar area and ate some appetizers then all of a sudden, there was a cancellation and we were on our way to dine! I can't explain how deliciously mouthwatering everything was and how wonderful and amazing the experience was. I'll never forget it. I want to go back!!
2	We were there for dinner last week to celebrate our anniversary. The service was excellent! We ordered a shrimp cocktail which was really good, the fresh bread and salads were also tasty. My husband was surprised at the tiny glass of beer you can order there but he liked it. The issue was really with the main course. My beef wellington was basically RAW. I saw another photo of a different version on Yelp that looked perfect but mine was so under-cooked. They said they didn't want to let the pastry get burned but I don't think they pan-seared the tenderloin before it was wrapped. I mentioned I am pregnant so having well cooked meat is important. Also, there was something so horribly wrong with the sauce. It was so sour! Yucky. The veggies that came with it were under seasoned at best. My husband ordered another steak with fried shrimp. His steak was charred on the outside. You cant really get that carbon taste out of your mouth even if the center is good. I don't know if they had a bad night with the beef or if this is what they regularly serve. At $35+ a plate, it was very disappointing.Lastly, the snickers cheesecake seemed to be really tasty but it was covered in a chocolate-amaretto sauce. That was not described to us at all and when I tasted this, I knew it had alcohol in it immediately. It was yet another thing I could not eat.The seafood seemed ok, maybe we should have stuck with that?We wont be returning.
2	Not impressed.  Its dark, dated and overrated.   Seriously dont waste your money.  After seeing the dirty kitchen on the way out I wanted to call the health department.  The food was bland and did not seem fresh.    Many other options that are so much better.   DONT GO.  PICTURES MISLEADING.
2	The food was awful, we got shrimp and fillet and oyster combination, it came in a superbig portion, it was terrible, the quality was sooo low. I will not recommend this place to anyone.Prices are between 35 to 555
2	A friend and I went here for our first time for my birthday dinner...the food was delicious unfortunately the service was awful which is the reason for 2 stars. We ordered escargot,  oysters rockafeller, crab legs, ahi tuna, a $70 bottle of wine, snickers cheesecake, lava cake, and cappuccinos. So not only did we try quite a few items we also spent a lot for 2 people. From the moment we walked downstairs and met up with hostess and got ignored for a few minutes when we were the only ones there. I mean the hostess was five feet from us and only gave us a weird look until another gal came and sat us. The server seemed as tho we were a nuisance from the moment we sat down. They refused to assist with blue cheese stuffed olives and had to ask several times for a side of olives and blue cheese so we could stuff a couple ourselves. How can you claim fine dining and not have blue cheese stuffed olives for martinis? Ok that was just the tip of the iceberg. Did not get bread until main course and several requests. Not once did anyone refill our glasses of water. I actually had to get up myself and get the pitcher of water to refill our glasses. We topped off our own wine glasses every time. Our table was a mess. Plates wouldn't get cleaned off unless I asked. And don't order a cappuccino because it's definitely asking for too much. We are advocates of local fine dining but bad service can definitely ruin the overall experience. Dissapointed
5	Wow! The trip down the stairs takes you to a delightful dining experience! The bar and dining room are lovely - it feels like a bar/restaurant in Chicago with that timeless kind of atmosphere. The owners are right there to greet you - 33 years of providing fine dining - and each employee is a delight. We had two servers to provide our every wish: Scott and Toni (beverages). They were wonderful! And now the food! DELICIOUS and DELECTABLE. There were four of us and we each ordered something different. All of the food was fabulous, and I mean fabulous. Highly recommend!!!
5	Went for the first time Saturday night with my boyfriend and was not disappointed! We sat at the bar for late night happy hour, and ordered items from the hh menu. My god, it was so delicious! My favorite dish was definitely the Rockefeller Oysters, so yummy. But everything was so tasty. Our bartender Scott was also super attentive and friendly. Definitely going back!
5	I have taken the opportunity to give this place several more tries and have really come to enjoy the staff and especially the food. I guess they had a bad night but clearly their norm is great food and service
4	Yum! Definitely a good place for fresh seafood in Phx. Highly recommend! Make reservations and prepare yourself to not see the outside while eating at Salt Cellar. Had the crab cakes for appetizer, halibut and baked lobster as main course. All were excellent and service was an A+!
4	It's a hidden gem. Located underground, its ambiance is cozy and inviting. The food is delicious (for the most part)), the service is homy and the drinks are decent. During the happy hour, it's especially inviting ;)The best dish on the menu is shrimp San Remo. Order one person as you won't want to share. ;)Other dishes had very great flavor but some (turtle soup in particular) were missing some basic salt and pepper.
5	I've been here maybe 60 times in 15 years, and have never been disappointed. Fresh fish, awesome salad dressing, and even better bloody marrys.
