5	This is our favorite place to go. They have Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner that are all unique and great tasting. Keep a look out behind counter for the chalkboard full of great drink options and additional treats. (Coffee, Milkshakes, Smoothies and much more.) Park Cafe's service is great starting with Gilbert and other workers. We enjoy our time there and think everyone should try it.
3	Went for the first time this week very cute place inside sat on the patio had lunch the club BLT on Hawaiian bread is my favorite, also tried the spicey chicken panini but will pass on that. Have gone back craved the club sand. My husband had a burger on a pretzel bun that was also good. Service our first visit was great she went over the whole menu and happy hour offerings. The second time had a different girl and it was fair. My only complaint is the uncomfortable plastic chairs outside on the patio. Maybe some nicer patio furniture with cushions. Otherwise I'm glad for the new addition in the neighborhood. Looking forward to trying breakfast.
1	We have been longing for a local breakfast place for some time and were really excited when this place opened. It has a great location, and the decor is fun. Unfortunately, that is where the fun stopped. The chairs are hideously uncofomfortable, but they do look good. The tables must have come pre-wobbled since this just opened and the number of sweet and low packets under the table legs easily outnumber the customers. They don't have white bread ( I ordered it, but sourdough showed up), or normal pancakes (only whole wheat..at least that is what my wife got when she ordered the traditional breakfast with pancakes). The beakfast potatoes were tri-colored, Normal (white or russet). Red (Sweet) and Purple (super yuk). Just did not work together. The poached egss showed up in a bowl...with the water. "That is the way they are cooked", we were informed. Yes. poached eggs are certainly cooked in water...the water is just usually removed before the eggs are served. All in all, for breakfast, not worth the trip...and that REALLY pains me to say, since the area needs non chain breakfast options.. The lunch reviews seem to be good, so maybe we will give that a shot
3	Looking for a new breakfast place we decided to try Park Cafe. Sunday at 11 is a hard time to find a place to eat without a wait. We had no problem walking right in to the Cafe. We were one of only 3 occupied tables. The breakfast menu was really small but the offerings were tasty. He had the sloppy southwest omelet and I had the Hawaiian bread French toast and side of bacon. The only real reason I gave this place 3 stars and not 4 is simple. The chairs. If you have any girth to you at all these chairs are simply uncomfortable. Maybe when it's a bit warmer out the patio would offer better seating.
4	I love this new addition to Litchfield Park!I have eaten breakfast and lunch here. Their panini's are great!
5	Delicious food and drink.  Great atmosphere.  Love it.
5	Had a chance to try the new Park Cafe in Litchfield Park Sunday and I'm glad I did! I'm a big fan of locally-owned places and Park Cafe did not disappoint. Cute little place with a great patio, Friendly greeting and outstanding service. I had a spinach omelet that was cooked perfectly and you could certainly tell the ingredients were really fresh. I also tried the stuffed French Toast my son ordered...delicious! The menu had a nice variety and I'll definitely come back to try it for lunch and dinner.
5	Loved this spot! The food is unique, fresh and yum. The staff was prompt and welcoming. If you like high quality sandwiches, soups, etc with a modern flair, you will love this spot.
4	The Manager went out of his way to make us feel welcome and make our bike trip to the restaurant one that we won't forget.  Really friendly staff.  I think this new little restaurant has a lot of potential and room to grow into a great place to have breakfast and lunch.
5	First time visiting and a thank you goes to Yelp as this is where I found the recommendation. We found the food to be excellent. The menu was well thought out with a lot of attention paid to each item on it. For example there were 4 different types of potato making up the wedges complimenting the Southwestern Omelette.  The manager who greeted us and acted as our server made a couple of mistakes and had to confirm our order, he could probably do with writing things down more, but these were rectified with speed and an honest apology. My wife and I found the ambiance of the Cafe to be great. The inside is very characterful and the patio was inviting. The noise level was low enough not to have to struggle with our conversation. All in all we had a wonderful meal there and look forward to returning soon.
5	Great breakfast for our side of town.
4	It is not difficult for breakfast place to make me happy.   The Park didn't fail.   In fact,  they succeeded at making me a fan.   One of the things I like about this location is that it is steps away from the Wigwam resort.  Just exit the Wigwam from the west gates and walk to the corner of Wigwam and Old Litchfield.   The inside of The Park is also very cute with a loft-like feel to it with exposed brick and air ducts.   I've been here a handful of times and I had the same thing, the Veggie Omelet with the cheese and a side of bacon.  Perfectly cooked omelet each time.  Professional service folks who know and understand the meaning of "service industry".  Many folks love their French Press coffee.  I thought it was a good cup as well.If you are at the Wigwam and want to get out but not go far, this is a SOLID option for breakfast or lunch!  YOu will enjoy it.
5	We've been to the Park Cafe several times as we live right here in Old Litchfield.  We've done dinner a couple of times and breakfast a few times.  Recently we even brought our son's soccer team in for milkshakes after our last game.  The service is always really good!  The staff is friendly and very helpful.  It can take a bit to get your food if they are really busy but it's not that big a deal to us!The breakfast is super yummy!  I love the omelets!!  My son loves the pancakes and the french toast and he has a really hard time choosing between the two!  We love that there is a nice casual restaurant within walking distance to our house!
4	We love this place for its location and ambiance... and the breakfast is not too shabby either ;) the kiddos love the french toast and tri-colored potatoes, my husband loves the gigantic breakfast burrito and I love the messy omelots... yum! we have also had a few lunch/dinners here, but nothing jumped out as ultra-fabulous during those visits, but I've heard the burgers on pretzel roll are good (we'll have to try them next)... I would stay clear of ordering a milk shake, since the two times we have ordered them they have had very little ice cream in the shakes, you basically spend $6 for a glass of flavored milk...
4	My wife and I had breakfast here while staying at the Wigwam. The coffee was great. We both ordered omelets which were good sized and packed with ingredients. Very tasty and a good atmosphere.
4	Went here for breakfast  with my grandparents who aren't too fond of 'new things' and it went pretty well. A little twist on the basics, colored potatoes alongside the messy omelet, fresh fruit and good coffee. Not busy at all on a Saturday morning but still a bit slow on the service side. Would definitely go again; Interested in the panini selection!
4	The traditional breakfast is fantastic!
1	Stopped by to check it out after great reviews. Yelp says they open at 7:00 AM; we sat there until 7:10 and they still weren't open. Bummed...
3	It's Sunday morning and if you live in the West Valley you will search for a breakfast & brunch spot, you will immediately frown with disappointment. Your options are slim. There is Waffle House, Village Inn and who could forget Mimi's! Yum!As much as I would love to dive into a cafeteria food my wife and I will always make the long commute to downtown seeking that good coffee, fresh ingredients and finally the occasional mimosa or bloody.And so I managed to spot Park Cafe on Yelp.  Despite the positive reviews I was weary of the Yelpers because few actually had credibility based on their whopping 4 reviews! I decided to try the standard black coffee, after all the cup of joe knows and it was actually not bad.  The details like your water with lemon seemed to be filtered, check!  On a roll so far and I glance at the menus and spot the omelette which seems to be there shtick here I asked for a special and to my surprise I was informed of the Eggs Benedict! I also ordered a Bloody Mary and this too was ok.  Feeling excited I overhear that this place is owned by the same cat who owns the ever so disappointing mistake of a Mexican spot, Old Pueblo Cafe. Being optimistic I decided to stay (yeah pueblo can do that)Ok well the food comes and my Eggs Benedict look like the hollandaise was mixed with ketchup!  Little did I realize they mistakenly ordered me the Cajun Benedict. So being a food trooper I decided to give it a shot.  The poached eggs were well cooked, they were over what seemed to be a descent brioche bread. The Cajun sauce was just okay, definitely a bit acidic and lacked the Cajun taste.  It was served with a colorful array of potatoes and this gave the plate some presentation. Overall have I found the spot on the West Valley? Unfortunately I will still be in search of it. This place is ok and actually an improvement from what seems to be a business owners investment, not passion.  There is a difference, believe me you can taste it. The manager seemed to care about my thoughts on the food and I had to provide it. Hope they can make this place work.
2	We finally made it for breakfast after seeing such positive reviews, we go to Litchfield often for evening outings, thought we would check out breakfast. First thing we noticed is you walk in and no one acknowledged us, not sure to seat yourself or wait.  A couple of waitress's hustled by but never said anything.  After about 5 mins of standing around we asked a waitress about it, yah grab a seat- thats it.  ok, chalk it up to busy? not really maybe 5 tables with people eating.  We find a table, again sat for 10 mins before approached for drinks.  We ordered the traditional breakfast - once we got them, they were good.  But sitting for 40 mins for eggs, bacon and potatoes is a little much.  Not sure if this is normal or they were understaffed, our waitress never acknowledged how long we had been waiting for our food.  Since we arrived later in the morning we did see alot of lunch plates going out of the kitchen, may give them another try for lunch.   We always support local small business but the service today was very disappointing to an otherwise very cute restaurant.   We will try them again but not a fan today.
4	I enjoyed the oatmeal whole wheat pancakes. Bacon was nothing exceptional. Hubby had the h.rancheros. The sauce was unusual but good. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. The seating is uncomfortable. All in all a good place for Saturday breakfast. Next time I will bring a chair cushion - lol!
4	Great Sunday breakfast. We enjoyed a rainy morning on the patio and left very happy. I enjoyed the Eggs Benedict with the spicy sauce, very good. Husband enjoyed the pancakes a lot as well and so did my son. My mom ordered the southwest omelet that have me a bit of breakfast envy. It was so yummy. The service could use a bit more attention but it's not terrible.
5	We stopped in for lunch after visiting where we lived as kids in Litchfield Park many years ago. It was 9:30AM and the only place open in the old part of town so we gave it a try.They were serving breakfast or lunch and the full menu was available along with a champagne breakfast special. Our friends split the chicken special panini and we shared a chicken burger called the Cluckin. We also each shared side salads. They were huge, very fresh and easily shared. Our friends loved their sandwich as did we with our chicken burger. They came with "special chips" that were very tasty. The service couldn't have been better either. They were prompt, attentive, and willing to please. Highly Recommend!
2	Super cute little restaurant that's within walking distance to the Wigwam Resort. They serve breakfast all day and offer food to-go. I was specifically looking to grab a bite and head back to the resort pool. I don't know if they were short handed in the kitchen today but my food took about 45 minutes to come out. Cute place, great food...don't recommend if you're looking for a place to grab a quick bite and head out.
3	Eggs Benedict. I am an eggs Benny snob. I always love to try a new place in search of the best Benny.  We it's not here although there were things I did like that were a little different. The bread was  chibada like. The hollandaise was descent with descent flavor just not enough. The ham was thin ham slices which is a no go.  I didn't order a sandwich.  The eggs were cooked perfect which is always nice. So all in all it was just average.  Don't go drive out of your way for this like we did.
1	Well, what can I say.  Wow!  This was the WORST restaurant experience that I have had in my 43 years on this earth.  I am not exaggerating.  It was very, very painful.It started with the hostess.  A "5-10" minute wait was all, she said.  25 minutes later we discovered that she had mistakenly crossed out our names.  OK, no problem, mistakes happen, we understand.  She says we get the next 2 person table.  Cool.  As we are waiting, I notice a couple being seated that came in much after us.  After some questioning, she allegedly crossed out their names too.  Umm, really???  The girl had no clue.Finally got seated and the waitress tells us the kitchen is backed up and to be patient.  OK, we are patient.  We order our food, a spicy chicken sandich and a tuna sandwich.  As we are waiting, and waiting, and waiting, we hear the waitress scolding customers....."I told you if you didn't order right away it would take longer, you chose to wait.  Really????   At another table she says the same thing.  The table next to us, once they get their food, complain and leave without even touching it.  Oh my!!!!Apparently the kitchen is small and can't handle a crowd.  The 2 sandwiches mentioned above, took 70 minutes to get to us.....YES! 70 MINUTES!!!!!!!!  I can't believe we waited that long.  We were so mad, but at some point we were too invested.Once the food comes.....no chips.  They will be along in a bit but they were not ready yet.  Really!!!!?????The food was decent, no complaints there.  Every single table, though, was mad and upset about the wait.  It was the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant, and I eat out A LOT!Anyway, stay away from this place.  They don't deserve your business.  This, by the way, is also the first "bad" review I have ever written.. They should be ashamed!
4	Stumbled upon this gem after many restaurants off of the 10 were packed full due to the Cardinals game and it was worth the few extra minute drive. Kids menu included Mickey Mouse Pancakes which were delicious. It is served caked in powdered sugar so parents beware! I ordered the breakfast burrito that was on special that day which consists of eggs, cheese, meat of your choice (I tried the maple chicken sausage which I would recommend)  and the house potatoes. It is served with Pico and a Chipotle salsa, which I was warned to be very spicy. Compared to Sriracha, this salsa is closer to a very well flavored mild. The serving was ideal for breakfast, you'll be snacking if you want to make it to dinner before having another meal. Our server was courteous. One thing our server missed was a set of silverware for myself. They also stopped by as we were the end of our meal to see how it was, which thankfully was going well. There were only 4 tables going with 2 servers present. All parties were 4 or less. With the flavorful foods, I'd still come back and recommend to anyone looking for a delicious, reasonably priced meal!
1	We will NEVER EVER eat here again. Although the waiter did his job very professionally, he is trumped by the horrible fry-cook in the back. I ordered a southwest omelet which has 2 cheeses, avocado, onions and bell peppers. Right, whatever. The menu says all egg dishes can be made with egg whites. I requested this SW Omelet with no cheese and egg whites. I got an omelet with no avocado, lots of cheese. So I sent it back. It came back with egg whites not even cooked inside the omelet, no avocado, BUT with a curly short black hair INSIDE the omelet. I was mortified how This dish didnt even look or taste appealing, and was about to blow my top at the black curly hair. I wrote about it on the bill the waiter left at our table. Pretty sure it was the cook's revenge for sending the cheese omelet back. This place is disgusting!!!
2	Went with my wife and 1 yr old.  Odd that there was no hostess table.  Perhaps they were under staffed today, but it took a while to be greeted and order taken.Large coffee cups were very nice.  Enjoyed the fresh coffee.  I also liked the decor.  Took forever for food to arrived.  It was very good, but portions are small.I don't plan on going back again.
2	The food was mediocre & service was friendly. - onion rings, excellent. - pancakes, good. - panini, ok- eggs came out & whites were beyond running had to be sent back. - omelette, was so so. - food presentation was great! - Tabasco was watered down. - latte needed more caffeine. All in all it was ok nothing to rave about, this place would not survive near downtown but trendy places are pretty rare in the west valley. Has comfortable atmosphere..
5	Just had breakfast here. Very fresh and healthy.
5	What a cute place to enjoy some coffee and breakfast. The food came out fast and was delicious
4	Nice little spot with simple outdoor seating. Excellent omelets with fresh ingredients. Panini sandwiches were very good. Friendly staff.
5	Great little corner spot. I love the Caprese sandwich and their signature chips.But it's too much for me to eat alone. I've been here several times and found that it's best to split a sandwich. When you order, tell them you are sharing it and they will put it on  separate plates for you. Always nice, friendly service!
5	I have enjoyed breakfast at the Park Cafe multiple times. I have alternated between the Chicken & Steak Southwest Omlette. The potatoes are great that go with it. I love the soup bowl size of their delicious coffee. When the weather is nice out eating outside is very pleasant. The staff is always very attentive and friendly.
5	Love this place. Breakfast and lunch .  Chorizo burrito is awesome. Cheese burger is great. I have not had anything bad here.
4	DH and I had lunch at the Park Cafe this past Sunday at about 11:30am and the place was packed to the gills with people.  Always a good sign that the place has good food!  :-)  Plenty of seating on the patio (with umbrellas provided for ample shade cover) and inside.  We were shown to a table as soon as we arrived, so that's another plus for them.  :-)  Even though the place was packed, the wait-staff were VERY attentive, kept refilling our glasses, and keeping us informed as to when our food would arrive.  Took a while to get our food, but that was to be expected on a Sunday brunch morning.DH had their BLT on Hawaiian bread with their homemade malt vinegar potato chips (so good!) while I had their Portobello and Brie sandwich on a Ciabatta roll and some insanely delicious french fries (nice and hot).  Both sandwiches were delicious!  One thing I was expecting (especially with portobello mushrooms) involved was a soggy sandwich.  Pleasantly surprised that the ciabatta roll had been toasted and that most of the moisture had been cooked out of the mushrooms prior to them assembling the sandwich.  Just the right amount of mayo as well.  (If you can't tell, I'm NOT into soggy bread.)DH and I have been to this location many times before.  First it was a coffee shop, then a restaurant that served American-style food and then a Greek restaurant.  This has to be my favorite so far and I hope they continue in business for a long, long time.  They're off the main roads and in the heart of Litchfield Park, so unless you actually go into the town, you might not realize this little gem of a restaurant exists.  That said.....spread the word people!!
5	I stopped in for my first time today.  The breakfast burrito was fantastic!  I'll be back very soon.  Very kind staff and Adriana was very attentive.  Comfortable and a nice vibe------5 stars.....
3	Hungry for something different and for Breakfast so I opened up Yelp to see whats up.  Located in old Litchfield, Park cafe sits on the corner location in a small strip neighbored by a bar and Blu sushi.  With large patio dining outside and red brick interior; its got a feel for local litchfield park and avondale residents.  Busy and packed to the gills.....I knew this coming in at 930am on a Sunday morning with the family.  The service was exceptional, however, be prepared to wait. Because you will.  They cook to every seperate order and their breakfast selections are small and limited; but this aint no Dennys.  My wife and I both had the santa fe omelet and both my girls had their own mickey mouse pancakes topped with powdered sugar.  im pretty sure they place cinnamon sugar in the pancakes. The omelet was good and the side of variety potatoes was a good touch.  Good, but nothing too crazy that a breakfast afficiando hasnt tasted or tried already.   The 45 minute wait would cause the most patient children to become the most seizure induced melted puddles left on the restaurant floor.  I offered to mop them up, but the friendly staff kindley declined.  A 6 month pregnant wife became a hungry lionness.....of course...whatever they placed in front of us to eat; was scarfed and assumed delicious.  I had to remove the empty jelly packages and seperate anything edible being nawed on.  To save further embarrasement when the breakfast came; I placed my leather shoes back on my feet after removing some trim.....it was kinda helping the appetite.  seriousness....great service, friendly staff who countinuosly apologized for the wait with our table and all others around, mediocre to good food but not great, nice location and non-chain.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place. The food is AWESOME and the manager Gilbert is so hospitable and really cares about his customers. He creates gourmet specials at an affordable price and we wish they were on the everyday menu. The main menu is great but needs to expand to include these tasty specials and we hope that happens soon! The food is very fresh and can be custom ordered. Its only breakfast and lunch but hoping they open for dinner at some point with a bigger menu. Great food, espresso bar and even beer and wine too!
2	I really really wanted to like this place, but pretty much none of our visit was a good experience. First off we arrived just after 7am but they don't actually open until 7:30. This was not a big deal to me because I understand that times change and may not be updated. We went and did a few things than came back. I liked that we could sit outside especially since it was such a beautiful morning. The server who greeted us was super friendly and told us we could sit anywhere. We took a seat outside and a few minutes later another server came out and have us menus. She told us the specials-eggs Benedict, a shrimp omelette and a breakfast burrito. We decided on the build your own omelette. My hubby got sausage and cheese and I got bacon, jack, tomato and onion. After we ordered the server who greeted us when we first came in told another customer the specials. A shrimp omelette with a delicious tomatillo sauce, eggs Benedict-normal or Chorizo and a chorizo breakfast burrito. If the specials had been explained to is that way we both probably would have ordered something else. Oh well. Finally our food comes out. It looked pretty good, but about 1/4 of the way through my omelette I realized that is was almost entirely onion and tomato with a splash of bacon. It was also very bland and the filling tasted like oil. The potatoes were different and actually the best part of the meal. We never saw our server again until she dropped off our check way after we were finished eating. She did ask us then if we needed anything but at this point I just wanted to go. The final straw? She comes back and picks up the check then proceeds to go bs with another customer for about 5 minutes before she takes care of our bill. Maybe if the food had been awesome or if the service had been great up to this point I wouldn't have cared but all of it put together was too much. We will not be back.
4	yum
5	We visited the park cafe this morning while on staycation at the wigwam. We were a little hesitant after reading the reviews, but we were very pleased. The service was awesome, very nice people. We got there right at 8am as they were opening. We were the only family in there for about 15 minutes. The food was awesome. I had the Hawaiian French toast, hubby and dad got the Santa fe omelett, and our girls got the Mickey mouse pancakes. All of us agreed we enjoyed the food. We didn't wait long at all for our order to be prepared. Mom and dad had the coffee and they both really enjoyed that as well. Rest of us had the oj, which you could tell was real fresh squeezed. Most likely going back for dinner.
5	Great cute cafe style restaurant. The food is fresh and made on site. Excellent food and prices. We especially enjoy the Mexican style egg dishes, pancakes, and Hawaiian French toast. This cafe is family owned and operated. The staff is extremely friendly and courteous.
3	The experience here for Sunday brunch was fine, but the breakfast options are lacking and the food tasted quite boring. I had the spinach omelet, which was not very flavorful. The diced potatoes were okay, but I prefer hash browns personally. The toast didn't come with any jam and there was none on the table. The only thing that saved this brunch was that they have mimosas, and the service was good. They also had many choices for coffee drinks, which is great. For a place that is open for only breakfast and lunch, they really need a more diverse and lengthy breakfast menu!
1	If you like small, overpriced, and bland menu this is for you. The building is nice, but small and had only 1 bathroom for all guests. The food choice is very limited unless you LOVE omelets. Otherwise you're out of luck. Don't waste your time or money.
5	We visited park cafe today and we were impressed for the food quality and friendly service,  i had the goat cheese and chorizo omelete which was very delicious my mom had the south of the border steak omelette wich came with tomatillo red guajillo sauce, i got some of it it was very tasty we were told they have new breakfast menu everything  looks very healthy this is not an ordinary breakfast place ' their rainbow fresh potatoes are delicious . My friend ordered the blackened shrimp tostada salad wich she said it was great and very fresh honestly highly recomended if you are looking for heathy options at an affordable price.
4	I have eaten here twice since my last review and have been pleased each time.  The portions are generous, the staff is friendly and attentive and they have a great selection of fresh things.
3	Pretty decent breakfast, but with such a limited menu we won't become regulars. However, on our last visit I ordered coffee and the creamer on the table had gone sour and curdled. It took quite a while to get the waitress's attention and when we finally flagged her down she just brought me a little pitcher of milk. But left the spoiled cream on the table and didn't bring a fresh cup of coffee. Had to flag her down again and ask for a new cup of coffee and to please throw away the spoiled cream. Finally, when we got our bill we were charged for a full order of the Hawaiian French toast when we ordered a side just to try it out - when I asked about it we were told there was no such thing as a side order so they just charged us the full amount. Expensive breakfast (and the coffee wasn't comped after all the hassle, surprisingly). Overall, we ended up paying around $45 for breakfast for two. We won't be back for quite a while - we have better luck at the chain up the street. We're bummed because we REALLY wanted to like it and support a local business as we go out for Sunday brunch every single weekend.
5	As a new resident from LA, this is a cafe that features a hip, understated atmosphere with great service , food and drink! One of my new cafes choices in the AZ!!
4	We visited during the art fest so the place was super busy but the waitress kept checking on us and giving us potatoe chips and keeping our beverages full which was great. The food was awesome, I need to go back when it doesn't take as long to get our food though. Nice patio to chill on!
