5	In the ever evolving NoDa neighborhood, the space that used to be Niche and was Mamalu's before that, Jeff and Paul bring you Growlers Pourhouse.  On the corner and next to their other incarnation, the Crepe Cellar, GPH is a guy's bar that is girl friendly.The old world charm starts as soon as you walk through the huge antique Chinese estate door and it continues as you belly up to the bar next to the 1936 beer engine tapping cellar temperature craft beers.The chalkboard menu next to the bar lists the craft drafts by genre and it is hard to ignore the local staple, Pabst Blue Ribbon.  Especially with it being $1 on weekdays and $2 on Friday and Saturday.  That beer special alone should keep the lights on.The other chalkboard on the wall boasts the origin of their oysters on the half shell.  When you order food, they bring you an old spice (not the afters shave) box that houses your hot sauces, napkins, and crackers.The menu starts with the lighter fare such as chips and dips, truffle popcorn, and a few salads and then takes a turn with the oysters and peel and eat PBR shrimp.  The meat of the business seems to be the sausages and brats though.  From the potentially gut ripping chili cheese dog with peppers and onions to the Veganator option there is something for everyone.  I had the turkey apple sausage with the house mustard and it was quite tasty.The dessert portion of the menu is just as fun with marshmallows made in house for smores and nanner puddin'.The place is peppered with flat panel televisions and has the potential to be the place in NoDa to watch football on Sundays.  If only Jeff weren't a Cleveland Browns fan...
5	a great new addition to NODA....a great sister companion to CREPE, if you don't bust you gut in CREPE, then you can walk 5' to Growlers and get your drink on...great job, Stephen & everyone!!!!!
4	Cask beer, you say? Indeed I'll have a pint! While I'm no ale aficionado, I was really excited to hear about this sweet new pourhouse (with cask beers and 1930s growlers) in NoDa. Naturally, hubs and I dropped in for a quick pint and bite to check out Growlers. I love love love the feel of Growlers, with the exposed brick on one side, cask ales, laid back approach and teeny space, it's definitely a place you want to keep coming back to. Service was friendly and knowledgeable and the bartender helped me choose my ale of the day - the Orange Blossom Pilsner. As previously mentioned, I'm not a big beer drinker but I really enjoyed my pint. I dug the orange essence and the smooth finish. As for the food, I only tried the beer cheese dip - which had great flavor, I just wish it was a bit thicker. Being that I went to school in Madison, WI I'm pretty picky about my cheese...especially beer cheese!Overall, I'm really excited to come back to Growlers. It's a great neighborhood bar with a super cool concept and interesting menu. Looking forward to my next trip...word on the street is that the bread pudding is amazing!
4	Crepe Cellar folks opened up a pub right next door. Small place, but it works! Walked in and sat at the bar and looked up at the chalkboard for the beer selections. Yes, an official PBR joint, but what place in NoDa isn't! That said; I went with a dark porter based on the recommendation of the bartender. It was served in a PBR glass, so it was the best of both worlds. Took advantage of the homemade menu and order the brat w/kraut. Topped it with their homemade mustard and downed it with a pint. Perfect afternoon! I'll be back soon to try many of the other beer choices. Beer lovers will enjoy!
4	house made dogs, brats, mustardPBR and fancy beerssmores for three dollars
4	My hubby and I had a good feeling about Growlers from the moment we walked through the large authentic-looking antique door.  We really enjoyed the old school pub vibe this place gives off.  All of the table tops and bar are made of old wood recycled from factories.  This gave it a cool cozy feeling.  They have a decent selection of beers and I was excited to find out they currently have an orange blossom pilsner from Thomas Creek Brewery out of Greenville, SC.  I fell in love with this beer months ago and haven't been able to find it since.  We ordered "heavy" italian sausages with chilli, cheese, peppers, and onions.  The toppings were scrumptious but the sausage itself tasted a little off.  Overall it was still enjoyable.  Our waitress was great and very knowledgeable about the different beers.  Her descriptions of the beers were quite impressive.  Growler's has the potential to make the list of bars/restaurants we take visitors to.
4	i absolutely love the feel of this place. It's not all that big unless i missed a section hiding in back, but everything just felt right. It's the kind of place that i would almost like to see without any televisions and totally embrace an old school whistle-wetting, watering hole feel with the sole mission to drink and socialize. That being said, the tvs seemed to be nicely situated throughout.   i was very pleased to see their beer list had a nice little variety (like 14 on tap and the cask selection). They had a choice for brown, belgian, IPA, stout, pilsner, seasonal, etc. but also included a single representative from the basic American beer family. A go-to cheap beer choice in the PBR ($1 weekdays, $2 on the weekends) It's nice to have that option in case you drink beyond the need for a good tasting beer (no offense, i am old friends with PBR) or are just in one of those moods where it seems downright foolish to pass up any beer that could literally be found on a dollar menu! As Mrs. P. stated,  the toppings on the sausages were very tasty and were in fact better than the Italian sausage itself. The mustard was pretty good also.Our server who we will call Bethany (not her real name) was fantastic and we shall return.
5	I was expecting more testosterone, for some reason - maybe ze German influences had clouded my hopes. But the massive door giving way to raw materials and polished concrete, the sausage party menu, the pulls meant to be grasped by some village-conquering Viking with a serious thirst, it all blended into comfy, impressive, trust us to serve you top notch beer-chic. Oh, you wanted a nibble too? Have a (CLT's first!!!) beer/cheese pairing party. We have 5 varieties to sample, a beer for each delicious slice. Served with crackers, honey and a comb, this could be din-din if you lean more toward a liquid diet.Yeah, we have pretzels and mustard. The 'zel isn't homemade, and you need to order it salt-light, but tastes straight off a best-case-scenario corner cart in NYC, slightly sweet, charred, soft and chewy. The mustard, ground in back, impressive.It's a bummer they felt a lack of confidence in the crowd this place is built to serve - we don't need the thrill of a game to coax us into dropping cashwads on really good beer. But there they are, the bet-hedgers - TVs every 5 feet. Beer cheese needed a kick of mustard, tabasco, something. Chips came out a tad cold.Who cares. Prost!
4	When I was reading the Yelp! reviews for Growlers before we went I got the impression that they must serve really amazing sausages and oysters because everyone was saying that's what they got. What I found our band of merrymakers got there was that the reason everyone had ordered these items is that they make up at least half of the Growlers Menu. There is a munchies section and a dessert section, but if you are looking for dinner (as we were) you are pretty much getting a salad, a sausage or oysters...or some combination thereof. Luckily, they DO serve really amazing sausages. I had the beer brat with juniper kraut and, with the addition of a touch of spicy mustard which they brought out with our food, it was absolutely delicious. My roommate had the turkey apple sausage which came with relish and I am told was also tasty. One of our friends got the Italian sausage and peppers as well as 6 oysters on the half shell (I couldn't hear when he ordered so I cant tell you what variety). He's not much of a talker but I think the fact that none of his food survived speaks well. The fourth member of our party had the hummus and seemed to enjoy it.But you aren't just going to a place called Growlers Pourhouse for the food. You are going there for the beer, and I doubt you will be disappointed. The back of the menu lists what they have on each of their nine taps, each representing a different style of brew. Oh and they tell you what that type is, so if you aren't familiar with the particular selection you at least know what to expect. Draft brews are all fairly reasonably priced, coming in at between 4 and 6 bucks each.The atmosphere is classy, but not so much so that you feel out of place digging in with your fingers. Our waitress was an adorable combination of enthusiasm and information. Growlers is a must try, and if you love beer, sausages and oysters a must frequent.
5	What's there not to love about this place? Went on a weds night about 1030 and the bartender and one server easily accommodated my party of 11 folks with enthusiasm. Maybe they were slow? Who cares, I hope the attitude is like that no matter the night or time. A local buddy suggested a specific dog off the menu (sorry i forget, long night...)The bartender said they were out of that one but I'd probably like the Texas sausage dog with pepperjack infused inside it. 1. Thanks for not telling me "sorry about your luck" and leaving the menu minefield up to me. 2. That dog was delicious. The sides of sweet potato salad (yes, actual sweet potatoes) and baked beans I had were great too! Happy with the service, happy with the food. Even the homemade rootbeer float shot was fantastic. With homemade rootbeer, what?!?! I definitely plan on going back next time I'm in Charlotte. Great needed addition to the NoDa 'hood.
5	Recently tried Growler's for the first time and had a great time.  Obviously they've got a great beer selection, including a cask ale selection.But what really took this place over the top were the desserts we got.  The banana pudding was easily the best I've ever had, and was served over homemade shortbread and totally covered with whipped cream.  We also got the smores platter, which involves a little bowl of flaming homemade marshmallows (they spray everclear on them and then set them aflame.The bartender impressed us with his helpful and calm demeanor, and the whole night felt right.  With those desserts and a glass of good IPA, how could anything have gone wrong?
2	I had really high hopes for this place, but really was just not impressed at all. Came in around 6 on Sunday and sat at the bar, it was very quiet. After a few minutes the bartender came by, we started w/some beers. We then decided to try the pretzel and beer cheese and chips. The pretzel was nothing I haven't had before, if it was served warm that might have helped, the mustard was good though and not spicy like advertised. The house made chips and beer cheese were decent. We then tried the PBR shrimp, ick. I was excited at the size of the shrimp, but that soon faded when I tried them. Not fresh, mealy tasting, and some of them were so slimy that I stopped peeling and passed on eating anymore. We decided to try a sausage. We went for the Italian sausage with peppers and onions and a side of the broccoli salad. I kept waiting for the intense flavor I usually get from Italian sausage, but it never came. It was really blah and the only saving grace was the flavor from the peppers and onions. Broccoli salad wasn't bad. We had thought about getting smores but saw them served to another table and it didn't look great so we passed. There were 3 people working and at one point we saw our food just sitting in the window while all 3 employees walked by it, seemed strange considering there was only about 5 of us in there. Definitely a disappointment, we would have loved for a new favorite in the neighborhood, but it really was just meh. I'd probably go back for the beer only.
1	This place has wonderful beer, I have to give them that... but that's about it.  The food and ambiance are average; the service is very poor.A large group of my colleagues and I visited last night, and were immediately struck by the attitude of a particular waitress who seemed intent on starting a brawl of sorts with my friend.  (Our group was so upset at the behavior of this individual that a follow-up email was sent to the manager, who was not particularly responsive.)  Moreover, the food took a really long time to arrive and, when it did, it was in a piecemeal and random fashion.I will credit them for comping several of our beers after the Waitress Incident... another waitress took over and was reasonably pleasant... this prevented us from leaving, which was my initial plan.So, to summarize:  CVB pumpkin ale with sugar-and-cinnamon rim=amazing.  Food=palatable.  Atmosphere=very loud.  Service=abysmal.
3	Wow, the power of Yelp.  I wrote that review and within 48 hours received an email from a concerned lurker.  He directed me to contact the owner of the Pourhouse, which I did.I received a VERY nice email back which did demonstrate concern for the customer and a commitment to excellence.I will probably return :).
1	Please do not serve me mealy shrimp....I live in NODA and I really want to start to like the places in my neighborhood so I don't have to drive far and can walk!! Came in and sat up at the bar. The front door is really beautiful (Old, wooden, big) the rest of the decor is kinda like whatever...doesn't really look finished. Nice girl behind the bar, asked her about some of the beers she let me try two one being the Cask beer, which surprisingly I liked but I would've liked it a little colder. I know, I know I'm a silly American!!  We started with a pretzel that was barely warm, but the mustard was good. Also had the homemade chips with beer cheese, the chips were good but the cheese had a weird texture and was again not very warm. We then moved on and had the peel and eat shrimp, they came in a pint glass and I could smell them from the window that they sat in for a while....they were bad, WARM, mealy, fishy, and mushy!! I took them and put them about a chair away from me because I thought I was going to get sick from the smell! In an attempt to get the shrimp flavor out of our mouths we decided on the Italian Sausage with onions and peppers. NO flavor at all, and once again not very warm!! This time being because the servers were busy standing there talking and not ready to bring us our food...they all were staring right at it and continued to talk, then walked away, then came back for it! Very frustrating, I almost got up to get it myself! I mean that way I would have had it when it was hot.....well maybe!! This place had maybe 5 people in it so not a very busy night I just thought that with it not being busy it would've been better....I was wrong! The only saving grace to this meal was when we got our check and it was thankfully not that expensive!!
5	Finally!  In every town, I'm always on the look-out for a great pub-style place - it has to be small but not tiny, have an interior with lots of character (exposed brick, dark wood paneling), a great beer selection, and a menu with decent non-meat options.  It's OK if it's got TVs for the game, but they can't be too obtrusive.  In Raleigh, I've got Mitch's.  In Columbia, I've got Hunter Gatherer.  Finally, finally, finally, I've found my Charlotte bar.Growlers is all but perfect.  We went for the first time with a group of five and sat at one end of their wooden castle door table that could easily seat 15.  The bar tender willingly put the S. Carolina game on the TVs, and our server was clever, attentive, and supportive.  He fetched us a growler and carefully poured our glasses for us.  Among our group, several ordered the pretzel with spicy mustard; some ordered the italian sausage; some ordered the mac and cheese; some ordered the veggie sausage; and I got the poblano hummus.  All of it was great beer food, and the hummus had spice and flavor.  The pretzels are hot and soft.One of the best part of the evening, however, were the dessert s'mores - a do-it-yourself special with the marshmellows drenched in grain alcohol and then set afire.  We ordered two and got our fingers gooey and chocolatey.A few days later, we went back - just the two of us and a friend.  We sat in a booth this time and had pretzels and beer.  We had equally attentive service (granted, it was a Monday night and the place was pretty quiet), and the music was at a low enough level that it was easy to have a good conversation.Thanks, Growlers.  I'll be back!
4	I have to knock off one star for a peculiar thing that happens at Growler's when you order a cask beer.  As opposed to pulling a pint from the cask, the bartender will go into a fridge under the bar, pull out a pitcher of (allegedly?) cask-drawn ale, that has been sitting in the fridge for who knows how long, and pour you a pint from that.  It's a very weird practice, and not at all what should happen.  The last time this happened, the beer poured from the mystery pitcher was terrible.  I shouldn't have drunk any of it, but I did.  Maybe they're doing the pitcher thing to "cool down" the cask ales for picky customers, but if you're ordering a cask ale, you should expect it to be on the warmer side.Growler's business involves much more than cask ales, so they'll lose only one star for this, but they should really halt the pitcher nonsense now.
4	I've not eaten there in about a month (I have stoppped in for beers/drinks and have never been disappointed, (but the comment on CASK ALE being in a pitcher in a frig....WHAT!!??@?!@)), so I can't comment on the food recently, but judging by these posts, there's quite a few serious complaints about the shrimp and the service. Same complaints on both fronts: shrimp are small/slimy/taste-smell bad and service is rude/non-existant/slack. The shrimp problems's easy to fix: get bigger shrimp and boil 'em longer w/better seasoning. The help problem is a bigger question, like I said I've never had bad service but have dealt w/mostly bartenders. And I have noticed that even when its crazy busy, there does seem to be a lot of standing around, or else Chinese firedrill type stuff where someones running around trying to match food w/a table. And there IS one waitress there who I've seen/been waited on at other places who wears her attitude front & center, so I'm betting the customer altercation someone mentioned was her's. C'MON GUYS, you run a fabulous place next door and have a great start on a great idea here; fix the food issues and get your managers to get control of some of your staff!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	And back up to five stars.  Someone from the management wrote me on Yelp to address the cask ale situation, and to let me know that the situation I raised in my last update had been solved.My only complaint addressed, I give back a star.I do not fool myself into thinking that our reviews on Yelp are powerful or even that anybody pays attention to them, but when you raise a concern and the management gets back to you . . . that's almost a magical situation.  I think it works to everyone's benefit.
5	Best neighborhood bar in Charlotte! I'm in here two to three times a week and not only is the beer selection great (CVB Pumpkin is yum!), the bar staff are amazing people! Thanks Drew and Colleen for making us feel at home!
4	What a great spot!  I have been wanting to try this place for a while and I really like it!  Great feel, cool bar and great beer selection.  Got some Old Chub, the PBR shrimp and some mac and cheese.  Soo delish!  I saw other reviews where the shrimp were not good that day, but we must have hit it on a good day!  Huge delish cold shrimp served with cocktail sauce with a touch of horseradish...so good, great app to split with two people.  The mac and cheese is fantastic, it is a white cheese and big curly noodles with parm on top.  A touch of pepper in the mac and cheese makes it feel like home...yummmmm!!!!  I will definitely be back - we were out with those apps and two Old Chubs for 22 bucks!  Not bad!  :-D
5	I don't know what it is about this place but man oh man do I have a good time.  Give me a pumpkin beer in a cinnamon sugar rimmed pint glass SOLD!.  This is definitly my new favorite Friday/Saturday Night  hang out the people are cool the bartenders rock and the atmosphere is just plain cozy.I'll be checking think place out more often and will be back to review the food :)
4	Nice place with a good American pub feel (as opposed to being yet another want-to-be English or Irish pub). Big tables for large groups and nice big flat screens to watch sports games. Probably the best selection of beers that I've seen on the east coast. If I'm ever in Charlotte again I'll definitely be stopping by.
3	A five-star bar, a two-star restaurant.As a place to hang out and drink great beers, this is the place to go. It's got great atmosphere with fantastic, difficult-to-find microbrews on tap. There's always something new to try and I don't think there's anywhere else to find growlers and cask ales in Charlotte. It has a great neighborhood vibe I love.But as a restaurant, it just falls short. Sharing an owner and (I've heard) kitchen with Crepe Cellar, you'd think the food would be tops, but it falls short, not just of its sister restaurant, but of bar food in general. Service is slow and just not on top of things. The last time I went, we ordered the hummus and two paninis. We sat there for more than half an hour before the food showed up -- the hummus along with one of our two sandwiches. We sat there for another 15 minutes before the second sandwich showed up, missing the bacon I had requested. The server offered to get me a new sandwich, but by that time I was starving and ate it anyway. The food is decent, but nothing special, and served in paper baskets instead of on plates, which detracts from the atmosphere and is wasteful, as well.Next time I want to grab a drink with some friends, Growlers will be on the top of my list. But when I just want to grab a bite in NoDa, sorry, but it isn't going to be here.
4	I came here on Saturday night to try and unwind from a stressful day. I arrived at ~midnight so I can't say much on if its usually crowded on Saturdays because, well, it wasn't. The bartenders were friendly and the beer selection was pretty damn good.I had a white Belgian ale for $5.50 which isn't too badly priced (but a dollar more than I would have guessed it to be). I'll definitely be hitting this place up again.Nice atmosphere and the general crowd in the place seemed nice. Makes me feel like I'm back in NY.
2	Well, I would love to say I could share the same glossy review of this place as many of the other people. I love NODA so I hate to bash any business there, but.... This service in this place SUCKS!!! I had actually gotten the same review from a friend that has been there 3-4 times. I always like to give any place my own personal review form my own experience there. Well, we walked into Growlers around 9:30pm on a Tuesday night, and we got one of 3 available tables left. Our party of 3 people sat for nearly 20 minutes and didn't get any service the whole time!- A guy from behind the bar walked out to 2 other tables and even made direct eye contact with us and quickly glanced away and continued to ignore us! They were not busy at all, and there were 2 servers and 1-2 people behind the bar! Bad day or not, I have alot of friends in the food/drink service industry, and taking care of customers are the only real way you are gonna bring home any money. We weren't looking for pen pals or facebook buddies, we just wanted a freakin drink! The NODA area in Charlotte is just not the place for snobby establishments with servers that only like to cater to thier "regulars" or friends (especialy a newer business that is trying to make it). Anyways, I heard good things about thier beer selection and good food. Too bad my first experience lived up to the crappy service rumors.
4	Its a great neighborhood bar! I love NODA either way. But I was introduced to this spot while I was out on a date and I have become a fan. Thanks babe, you know who you are. There are plenty of beers on tap from all over. I have very little experience in beer/microbreweries, but that's not problem for the novice. The Bartenders are very knowledgeable and if you like a beer, the menu list where it is from if you would like to do a tour of the company sometime...yaya Hefe Weis!!
3	Not a huge fan of "gastro pubs," but this place is pretty cool. Really enjoyed the fancy beers I had and the atmosphere. Very friendly & knowledgable bartenders who took care of us quickly even though they were slammed. Haven't tried the food yet.
4	Stopped in here for lunch and a cold one on a Sunday afternoon with the wife. I think NoDa has the makings for another gem in this corner spot.Started off with the pretzel and (on the recommendations  of other Yelpers) went with light salt.  What came out was hot and tasty- soft on the inside, just enough salt on the outside.  The side of stone-ground mustard was right tasty too.  $3 may be a bit high for just one, but then most of the brews from the tap will run about twice that.The stars here, from what I can tell, are their house-made sausages.  The wife and I tried the two-sausage meal with 2 sides.  We went with the sweet italian and the turkey apple.  Both were tremendous.  Moist inside and we got these wonderful chunks of spice and crumbly ground pork in the Italian.  I could have had several.  This particular meal didn't come with buns for the links, so no comment there, but you can pay extra for adds ons such as chili and slaw.For sides we had the bourbon baked beans and the broccoli salad.  Both were tremendous- beans had just enough flavor to keep them from being drab and broccoli salad was moist and flavorful throughout.  This was always one of my grandmother's side dishes for family dinner and the Pourhouse did a nice job making me remember it- little bits of broccoli with raisins, red onion, and bacon, all mixed in a sweet mayo dressing.  Yum...We also tried a side of the house-made chips.  These disappointed.  Cold (as though made a day earlier) and they came with no dipping sauce at all- we asked and the bartender said he have to check next door.  If anyone is listening, I recommend they be fried fresh to order and served with ranch or bleu cheese.  Now I realize it was NFL play-off weekend, and the big screens had the games going everywhere, but there was only the bar keeper to serve the entire dining room.  The poor guy ran his tail off without a moment to catch his breath.  We were patient, but this was unacceptable.  They could easily have used a server for the booths and large center table (which were filled) to keep the masses beered-up and full.  We would have tried dessert but for fear of the wait for the bar tender to get back around to us.  Seems like others were frustrated too.Beer selection on tap is plentiful and seasonal, but there are some standards you can count on, like PBR drafts for $1 during the week (Mon - Thurs).  They also have a bike-in on Sunday with $2.50 Fat Tires.  I could easily throw a few back here on any given night.I don't know that I would call this place a gastro-pub, but they will definitely fit the spot for a quality casual bar meal with a cold one to wash it down.  I just hope they get some more help to keep up with the crowds!
5	Really like this place--a good place to go with a group or 4 or 5 if you can snag a booth.  Due to recent "bun in the oven" issues, I can't comment on their beers, but I can say that they have an excellent cask root beer on draft (Yes, on draft!!)  I actually thought I didn't like root beer, but gave it a shot one night at Growlers when I decided I couldn't drink anymore ginger ale.  Turns out, I just hadn't enjoyed a premium root beer product before, so Growler's really changed many years of thinking for me on that beverage.  Kudos for that.I had their chips with cheese sauce one night, and it was just "meh."  However, the first time I visited, I fell in LOVE with their banana pudding, and now I order it every time. It is large, heated and perfect for winter days.
5	Love this place! I was a regular at The Flying Saucer until my ex got the place in our divorce *g*...so I can attest that I like craft beer. Have not been disappointed ever with the selection and quality. Had some nice single-malt whisky nightcaps as well!Every time my friends want to go out, I try like anything to steer them here.
4	Love this little place in the heart of Noda. The beer is outstanding, ambiance is quaint and Alex, is the best waitress in town.  Seriously, she is amazing and always accommodating. Her warmth and charm alone are reason to go back again and again.  If you have been and had her as your waitress there or at crepe cellar, you'll know what i mean. I would've given it 5 stars if the food was better.  Not that it's bad, but it's something i can do just as easily and possibly better at home.  If you're in need late night though, def. try it out.  I'd recommend the smashed club panini. Aside from the delicious beer, a must is the root beer float shot - it used to be their Friday night special and it is divine!   Be sure to make Growler's a stop during your stay in Noda - great place to hit before or after a show, hang out all night or while you wait for a table for Cabo  :)
4	I went to Growlers today to watch the disappointment that was the Bears game, it was pretty dead in there except for a few randoms at the bar and a big party smack dab in the middle of the place. Exposed brick wall with a small bar area and four to five booths, for some reason I thought it was going to be larger than it was (that's what she said) but it was a pleasant atmosphere. We were automatically greeted by our server who asked if we've ever been there then continued to tell us about their beer, food, etc. I thought it was really interesting that they make their own sausage there-you don't see that too often and I am intrigued by the process.They have a nice selection of beers on taps varying from IPAs to pilsners to stouts plus some with high alcohol content (7 and 10.3% I believe). I have a Living Social deal for there for $30 worth of food and drink, which is awesome. I love bargain booze!We got the dip platter to start out with.  They have a dip platter for $13 and you get to pick three dips off of their menu, we picked the pimento cheese, real french onion dip and roasted vegetable.*Pimento Cheese dip. It tasted good but it wasn't the traditional creamy pimento cheese dip that I'm used to. Plus the tortilla chips didn't hold too well when you scooped it up.*Real French Onion Dip. I am still wondering what makes it "real", this was my favorite dip. I love the minced onions in it and the chips served with it were perfect.*Roasted Vegetable Salsa. This was second runner-up and packed a lot of different flavors. We asked the server what it included because we couldn't tell what the distinct flavor was and she said it was probably the variety of peppers used in it (poblano, jalapeno, bell) and coriander. My mouth wasn't on fire but I sure did enjoy the flavorWe had a Turkey Apple sausage to split afterwards along with a side of purple slaw (I dare you not to sing Purple Slaw to the tune of Purple Rain if you order this) and mac n cheese (thanks Melissa B for the suggestion!!)Alright, lets talk sausage (that's what she said-ZING-again!). So it's homemade and it tasted that way consistency wise. It had more water or whatever juice is in the sausage casing  (please don't tell me what it is if you do know what said juice is) than I cared for. Plus when you took a bite into it, you couldn't separate it with a simple bite, you had to gnaw at it and shake your head a bit. Very Neanderthal like. Thank god I wasn't with a gentleman caller b/c it was not a pretty sight. Regardless, it was tasty just a little difficult to break up.Purple slaw was good--more vinegar based than mayo but could have used more herbs or spice.Mac N Cheese----ooey, gooey delicious. I added some black pepper to mine but it was the perfect combination of cheesy goodness and cooked pasta,All in all, I will be coming back to Growlers for sure. We had all of that plus a couple of beers for $30. You can't beat a value like that!
4	Good local pub. It is very small so don't think a huge group of people can fit in here without irritating the rest of the patrons. They have a good selection of Micro-brews as well as domestics. F.Y.I.. if you order a Miller High Life they give you a Champagne glass to drink it from. I have tried the Grilled Pimento Cheese sand which as well as their Nachos. I was satisfied with the sand which but very unsatisfied with the nachos. I feel that I could've eaten better nachos from Taco Bell. It was a lump of ground beef (at least that's what I think it was) and some sour cream, cheese and jalepenos. I did not try their sausage but I hear that's what you should eat. I'm personally a little leery about homemade sausage from a pub. I will say that the atmosphere is very cozy and you could definitely linger here a while. Just eat before you come.
4	Love this place!  Great beer selection, bartenders and servers are friendly.  You have to try the banana pudding!!
2	I really wanted to like Growlers.  i'm a huge beer nerd and they have nerdy beer, so you'd think it would be awesome, but no.  The service was absolutely horrible.  The girl didn't know anything about beer (our friend wanted something similar to a belgian and she couldn't even come up with any sort of answer)  and every beer tasted skunky, something must be up with their lines.  There was one other table of folks and a few people at the bar and our glasses were empty for at least a half hour.  We ordered pretzels and they were akin to those frozen grocery store pretzels, not a fan.  We left as soon as the beer tasting was over and headed to Jack Beagles.
2	First... 2 stars = "Meh. I've experienced better." and I have...wish I could have gave it 3 stars.Me and my son visited Growlers on a Friday night (2/25/2011) and we got there early, I'm glad because seated is very limited.We checked out the beer menu (I'm a beer geek) and liked what I saw, very good selection.  I ordered a cask Victory Harvest Ale my son a black IPA...after they gave us the wrong beers we swapped...not sure what I ordered is what I got...either way my beer was not a PBR so I was good.We ordered the pretzel only to be told they were out....ok, how the hell are you out of pretzels on Friday evening at 5:30 pm when you open at 5:00???  Seriously???So we ordered the nacho's...they came out looked great, good taste but WAY more chips then toppings.  Actually, after we ate maybe 25% of the chips the toppings were gone and we didn't eat the rest.Next...I ordered 2 sausages and 2 sides, the sausages were Italian and turkey and apple...both were very good.  My side were mac and cheese and chips.  The chips were very good...a little burnt which I like but the mac and cheese was PLAIN no tasting noodles and cheese.  Seriously, I had to go back and re-read reviews about how great the mac and cheese was and ask have these people ever tasted REAL mac and cheese??  Needless to say we left I guess 80% of the mac and cheese on the pate as it had no taste at all.Next beer order was for me Hercules and my son a Yeti...both served proper and timely.We then ordered a hot dog since our server said they were so good..and it was.  Made on site the hot dog was what we should have ordered from the beginning.....sparse on the sides but very good flavor.I liked the place and the beer selection, but I cannot grasp how you could be out of pretzels on a Friday night 30 minutes after you open...that is poor management of a high profit, easy to make iteh and that baffles me.
2	Damn, I was excited when I walked by Growler's when they first opened!  I was looking forward to good things there.  When my friends and I decided to give Growlers a try--choosing to go there over Duckworth's, who have a far superior beer selection--we had high hopes.  Well...like I used to tell my employees: "hope ain't a strategy."  All our high hopes came crashing down when the "busy" (8 patrons constitutes busy) bartender/server took forever to take our drink order, was surly and unknowledgeable in the process and managed to mix up the drinks nearly every time she brought them to the table.  The beer selection was average at best, and each beer that I drank tasted skunky.  The beer menu board was virtually unreadable and misrepresented beer types on several of the beers.  I was so unimpressed that I did not bother to order any food.  One friend did try the "homemade pretzels," making me wonder when somebody began using the Super Pretzel factory as their home.  Growlers could be good.  They need to fire their wait staff and replace them with people that are a) friendly and somewhat outgoing and b) educated about the product they are shilling to the masses.  If I want the current Growlers experience for a lot less money I can just buy a sixer at the Shell station and watch reruns of 'My So-Called Life.'  Seriously, that waitress was terrible.
4	Growlers Pourhouse Round Deux:I swear that I didn't mean to spend 6 hours at Growlers today.  It just happened...but I'm glad it did.  After my last experience at Growlers I wrote a snarky and somewhat scathing review of my time there.  I don't know if all restaurant/bar owners (or employees) read Yelp reviews of their establishments but Growlers certainly did.  I promised Jeff that I'd visit the bar again and I did much sooner than he probably expected.  Here are the changes from then until now:1) Upon first visit the beer menu board was nearly impossible to read.  First, the writing was much clearer on the board today.  The best addition is that there are beer menus printed out that list the tap number and the corresponding beer.  I noticed that one tap in particular had both the beer that was on tap and the beer that was in the on-deck circle.  Pretty cool.  2)  The waitress that I had during my first visit was surly, unconcerned and unknowledgeable about the product she was selling.  When I bellied up to the bar today MacKenzie was right on top of things.  She definitely knew her stuff and offered suggestions.  At shift change I was lucky enough to have Drew behind the bar.  Gotta say that he was considerably less attractive than MacKenzie but definitely spoke my language when it came to beer.  Both were the type of bartenders that should work selling craft brews.  Top notch all around.  I didn't see the server from my original visit during my long stay today.  3)  The beer was skunky and metallic tasting during my first visit.  In an effort to perform an experiment properly I drank 7 different beers (6 from the regular taps and 1 cask) to make sure that a good cross section of the lines were tested (a good excuse to drink more).  Absolutely no taste issues today.  I let Drew know that I was the jerk who wrote a sarcastic review of the place, etc and he told me that they were having some problems with the lines at one point.  Perhaps my first visit was during that time.  4)  OK, so maybe the homemade pretzels looked and tasted like Super Pretzels, but let me tell you that the hot dog at Growlers pretty much kills every other hot dog on earth.  Have you ever seen real meat juice come out of a hot dog before?  Right.  You haven't.  That's because you haven't had this dog.  I think it has 3 different meats in it (all real meats people--no snouts or holes in this sausage), which means that there's one meat for each meal.  That's right--this is the food for all occasions.  I'm not kidding.  If you read my first review you're probably wondering:  holy @%$#, man!! How could things change so quickly?  Maybe they didn't.  Maybe  Growlers had an off day.  Maybe my first server really was a teenaged Claire Danes.  Maybe the beer lines were having a bad day.  Who the hell knows.  All I know is that I spent 6 hours in a bar today when I had other things to do and I loved every minute of it.  Well, except the part where I saw how poorly Bobby Hurley has aged....  Jeff, Drew, MacKenzie, et al I loved my Saturday at your bar.  I'll do it again soon.
4	I have been meaning to try this place out for a while, glad I finally got around to it. Growlers is situated in the hipster-ish-y area of NoDa. It stands out from the rest of the local shops with a big 200 year old refurbished wooden door with steel hardware, I am told it is from an old Chinese compound. The atmosphere is rustic, with the exception of the TVs that line the walls. When we went in it was pretty busy, but the service didn't seem to suffer for it. The server was with us quickly and our beers were served promptly. The server seemed to have a good grasp on the beer menu, and was able to offer up some suggestions. Quick, friendly, knowledgeable service. The menu is great pub, beer food. They make their own sausage and brats in house. The food was really good (Try the Reuben). They have about 15 beers on tap and an old hand pump cask engine (from 1936 I think). Their beer menu rotates fairly quickly, and always has several different styles represented; unlike some places that will fill their tap list with all IPA's and Imperial Stouts... All in all, I really liked this place. Reasonably price, good food and good beer. What more could you ask for?
5	By far the best place I've eaten in Charlotte. You would think from a bar the real deal would be the beer, but don't be fooled this place has awesome food.  I had two different types of sausages which were incredibly fresh.  They were paired with sweet potato potato salad and their home-made potato chips.  I also did a beer tasting of 4 beers on tap (the bar tender also let me try their barrel brewed root beer).  Everything was superb.  Coming from San Francisco, I didn't think I'd find an eclectic bar in the outskirts of Charlotte but Growlers Pourhouse in NoDa is the real deal.  If you want great food, great beer and a great place to hang out you must try this new place.  Go Here!
4	Cool joint - love the NoDa area, all the bars and restaurants around here.  I like the "warm & rustic" feel of Growlers and look forward to going back and trying more beers next time. Have not tried the food yet....
5	Ahhhh Growlers.... if only we lived in NoDa, we'd be there every day....Sadly, we don't.  Growlers makes us want to move to NoDa!The beer selection is, well, fantastic. Although I do like a lot of different beers, I would only rate myself as 1/2 a beer snob, so I'm not fully qualified to comment on this... but I think almost any beer snob will find something they like here.The food is pretty basic, but very well done. We haven't run through the entire menu yet on our 2 or 3 visits, but everything we have tried has been awesome.I like the atmosphere and the fact that there are enough TV's to watch some games on, but it doesn't feel sports-bar-ish at all.
4	This is where I go to drink good craft beer in Charlotte. The bartenders are extremely knowledgeable about their brew and will critique their characteristics with you as if it were a painting. Their taps are constantly revolving with great beer, which always brings pleasant surprises that I otherwise, would never have found. Growlers has that sophisticated neighborhood bar feel. Oh and food is great too! Def check this place out...
5	I have to say- I love Growlers.I especially enjoy Growlers on a rainy Sunday after brunch. It is the right setting for bad weather. It is the sort of place that you want to have a few pints and sit there for hours while discussing current events- or how much you hate the Fat City condos.The food is absolutely delicious. My personal favorites: The beer cheese and pretzel appetizer and the homemade french onion dip. OMG. To die for.The beers change on a regular basis- so you never get bored. By far the best beer selection in NoDa.They have TV's- but the TV's don't feel intrusive. A touch of class.The only negatives:Not impressed by their fancy popcorn.One time (out of many) we had very bad service. It was SO COLD inside- yet the waitress insisted on keeping the door open. People kept closing it and commenting how cold they were- but the waitress didn't care. Horrible costumer service. Mind you, this is one time out of many that were fantastic. I highly recommend it. Ohhhh- and the brats and oysters are also tasty!FYI- I have seen a lot of children there during the day. This is nice because it gives a pub-like atmosphere to it. This is negative because you have to be cautious of not using curse words.
4	Growlers has good atmosphere, homemade pretzels with delish dipping sauces (who knew?), and a good selection of beers on tap.  Gets a wee bit loud with the music on the intercom, but overall, a great place to get a group together in Charlotte.
5	Food was awesome great atmosphere gotta check out their brunch on a sunday.....and the hot dawgs are made in house.....yeah
5	My favorite bar in Charltote. This place is small but has THE BEST panini's in the world! They have a mean reuben and a very tasty pesto portobelllo & goat cheese panini! Love em! 15+ beers on tap and a few wines too!
2	Reviewers said order pretzels and hotdogs. Ordered them excitedlywaited. Then twenty minutes later was told they were out of both. On a Sunday at 6. With six people in the place. Worst service ever.....shift change and was forgotten in the process. Had to go to bar and ask for drinks then for the check. Turkey sausage was cold and on a cold bun. Very disappointed.....never again!
5	Grabbed some beers with my girls after a long week. Growlers has an amazing ambiance. If you are looking for that pub feel this place is perfect! The beer selection is fantastic! They ran out of Bells Amber while we were there, but that gave me the opportunity to try some other ones I wouldn't have gone for. We split a dip sampler which included humus, salsa, and beer cheese. The salsa was pretty spicy for my taste, but amazingly fresh! We will definitely be back for sure.
4	I stopped by this past Tuesday for the monthly beer tasting.  My 1st visit and the place is tiny.  I think they have room for maybe another table if they like to... but space is definitely premium.  I sat at the bar and had a glass of the pumpkin beer (came highly recommended by the 2 guys next to me).  I'm no beer expert and I'm one of those people who can actually drink a domestic light beer with glee, but I have to say it was one yummy beer.  The best part is the cinnamon sugar rim...  I was literally licking the heck out of the glass.  I didn't eat here, but checked out the menu.  Not the widest selection but I guess it is a pub.  I got a taste of the sausage they were passing around and it was very good.  Next time I'll have to try out their hot dogs.  They also have pretty serious oyster offering.  I was impressed overall.  It's a niche place for NoDa (which is hard to have a niche in this area).  And their 1st Tuesday of the month free beer tasting is also easy on the budget and a great social event with a friend or 2.
3	Great food and beer selection. The service was inadequate.  They really need to reevaluate the level of service they are providing.
4	Bottom line, I like this place.  The interiors are fully of big chunky wood furniture that give it a old feel.  The food is brought out tapas style and overall I've never had anything bad here.  My girlfriend and I usually munch on the mac and cheese (YUM).  They also sometimes hold Beer 101 learning events here so that's cool too.  Right now (October) they have a pumpkin ale that incorporates a glass pint with cinnamon sugar around the rim (like a salt/sugar margarita).  Probably my favorite beer of the season.  I highly suggest you try out Growlers for a cozy, cool spot for a bite to eat and good spirits.
5	I have only been in Charlotte for a few months, but I have been to Growler's 3 times now for their monthly Beer Education Night. It is becoming a favorite monthly event for me.  The event is not just a lot of fun, but it has really taught me so much about beer! I have found that the staff is kind and friendly, the food is great (they stuff their own sausages) and the beer is always part of a great selection. I can't say enough good things about this place. They know their beer and they know 'em well!
3	I've been meaning to get around to Growler's for a while and finally got the chance to spend an hour or so there last weekend.  The beer selection was good, as anticipated, though a little pricey, as anticipated.  The food was good as well.  I had a delicious brat and sweet potato salad.  I was hoping for a little more personality in the place, but there wasn't anything too unique - dark wood, dim lights, booths, tables, chairs, chalkboard menu - you know the deal.  It would be a good place to stop for a drink or two while you are in NoDa but I wouldn't make it your sole plan for an evening out.  Tip: if you get a seat near the front windows you can have some good Davidson St people watching.
3	Service here has been very spotty in the past. It can take awhile to get the attention of the bartender, and they often have to run nextdoor to get different types of beers etc. The prices are also a bit ridiculous $19 for two pumpkin ales?! I mean the sugar-spice rim is amazing and all but wow these are wine prices!
4	My review should really just go something like this: NOM NOM NOM GULP GULP GULP NOM NOM, but I'll get a bit more descriptive for my fellow Yelpers.Like almost everywhere I go, I had a LivingSocial deal to Growlers Pourhouse. I pretty much only bought it because they had soft pretzels on the menu and I'm a huge sucker for soft pretzels, but I sure am glad I did! Growlers does not disappoint. The crowd on a Sunday night was, um, eclectic? But what do you expect at a bar on a Sunday night? The service was fantastic, thanks to the fabulous Colleen and kitchen staff. The food was actually surprisingly good too, and boy was it cheap! A huge pretzel is only $3.50 and a trio of delicious dips and whatnot is $13. We literally ordered more food than two humans could possibly consume and BARELY used up the LivingSocial deal. The pretzels left nothing to be desired and were soft and salty and awesome with the beer cheese. The pimento cheese and chips was also incredible. As a recent convert to the wonder of pimento cheese, I can honestly say this was one of the best I've had...but that could have been the beer talking.Speaking of beer, man do they have a good seasonal selection with extremely reasonable prices! I can't remember what all of the beer specials are on a daily basis, but I do remember that on Sunday nights PBR is $1. ONE DOLLAR YA'LL! Say what you will about PBR, but it is a truly refreshing beer...especially when it's only $1 for an entire pint of refreshment. They also have a lot of really good local and seasonal beers, for relatively reasonable prices. I believe my Rogue Hazelnut Brown was $5. Overall, I was very impressed with this place. Great service, awesome music (apparently it was impromptu 80's night), cheap beer, and totally decent bar food.
3	I like Growlers. But I almost never go there. That usually means I WANT to like it more than I do. Unfortunately, the beer selection - while top notch - is pricey. And while there is technically table service, it's a pretty informal system of "grab an open table and hope a server comes by." (Try the beer cheese and sausage - it's a small menu but excellent)It's a great atmosphere in a great neighborhood and worth checking out. If the beer were priced better this would be a regular spot.
2	This is one of my most favorite neighborhood spots but tonight was a huge let down.  I frequent this place quite often whether it being before dinner or after dinner drinks.  Tonight my buddy and I went in for some of the most delicious brews to watch some of the bowl games but we were met with some horrible service.  The bartender/server was more than less attentive to our table and looked like she was more interested in talking it up with her fellow coworkers.  There was several times she walked passed our table and scoped our situation out(situation being that we were bone dry) and she paid no mind.  We then took ourselves to the bar and received the same amount of service there from the same employee....don't get me wrong I love this place and the beer selection along with the atmosphere just tonight was a huge set back for me going in there on a Monday again.
4	I have been to Growlers Pourhouse a few times for appetizers and beer before heading next door to the Crepe Cellar. There is a great beer selection, something for everyone. They post their daily features and specials on the chalkboard by the bar. The bartenders and servers are great, not only giving excellent service but good recommendations as well.The atmosphere is really cool, almost like an inn or pub from the middle ages. It does get busy and crowded on weekend nights so you might have to stand and drink instead of sitting at a table or bar.We have had the pretzel with the beer cheese, and also some of the house made chips with dip. I would recommend them all. Growlers pourhouse is a great place to hang out and meet up with friends before heading out to other bars or restaurants in Noda. We will be back soon.
3	It's hard to believe Growlers Pourhouse used to be Niche Mkt.! It's really neat how they transformed it from a retail space into the local watering hole.The outside & inside is really nice, full of hardwood & earth tones.  As others have noted, it does get pretty busy, between folks hanging out long term & those just in for a quick drink.While I haven't tried the food or beer, my boyfriend seems pretty happy with the beer selections.
4	Came here recently on a Monday night.  It wasn't packed but it wasn't empty either; this was part of the allure as we walked through NoDa deciding on a drinking establishment.  Sat at one of the big family style high tables in the middle, and sampled some regional beers.  The bartender was very nice and brought us out several beers for us to try before deciding, and also gave us a basket of  complimentary organic popcorn.I tried to order a food item of whose name I cannot recall at this time; but I was sad to learn that the oven was broken, oh, it was a pretzel!  I couldn't have a pretzel because the oven was broken.  This was sad.All in all, nice vibe, laid-back place with a good beer list and reasonable prices.
1	We'd been looking forward to trying Growlers, especially the Reuben in the Observer sandwich contest. We went at lunch time and had terrible service!! The place was full , but not packed. We were never offered menus and were ignored even though we were sitting at the bar. I guess if you're not in the cycling crowd or a regular, they don't want you in there. After 30 minutes we left.... Hungry!!!
4	All I have to say is: beer cheese and chips. You will have a higher standard of bar food after experiencing Growler's. I am no beer connoisseur, but there is always a great selection, something for everyone. Casual atmosphere - but come on the wrong (or right) night, and you're surrounded by hipsters. Sometimes live music, sometimes a DJ, always a good time and great service.
2	Great food. Great beer. Horrible service. The two blond bartenders seem to loose focus on the reason why they are there.
3	I want to love this place. Atmosphere is warm and friendly and the interior is attractive and sophisticated without being pretentious. Great beer selection...especially draft beers. (founders, noda, dogfish head, etc) Unfortunately, the service tonight was painfully slow. We waited over 40 minutes for our food on a very slow night. Once we.got our food it was 25 minutes until the server.showed.back up. Seemed to be an issue of being understaffed. The shrimp was slightly undercooked and the brat bun was stale. Hope to have a better experience next time. The place has a lot of potential.
5	I'm addicted.  It's safe to say.Growlers has the best beer selection in NoDa and is now on my leaderboard!  I must admit, I wasn't a huge fan the first couple times I went, but the beer always kept me visiting.  I then learned of their 'Best Sandwich' per Charlotte's March Madness Sandwich bracket with their Reuben.  It beat out one of my favorites (Beef On Weck at Lebowski's) so I just had to try it.  Now, it's my go-to.  This sandwich is incredible.  I took my wife and buddy last night and they concur.  The way this one blends together is magic.  I also highly recommend the pretzel.  These are the only two things I eat when I go now.  Start out with a nice stout beer and the salty pretzel, and end with the sandwich.  Try it, even if you aren't a huge Reuben fan.  I wasn't and this one has me visiting at least once a month.
3	I really,really want to give a 4 star but the acoustics are deafening... and they weren't helped by the annoying cackle of a "joyzee" girl... I really don't mind loud places but WOW! Sound waves crash and ricochet...The food is excellent bar food with healthy choices and great brews...
5	After The Blind Pig, we headed to Growlers for our next stop on our NoDa pub crawl on 6/30/12.  This small place was jammed packed when we got there, but the servers at the bar were quick about getting our orders filled.  Very good variety of draft beer options, but the best part was the oyster shooters, which other than an oyster, I am not clear on the other ingredients.  Kind of tasted like a bloody mary with and oyster in it.  We headed out of Growlers pretty quick, but I would definitely return for some food and drinks, probably at a more quiet and less busy time if that exists at this place.
1	DisappointmentDisappointment: 1.  failure, defeat, frustration. (www.dictionary.com)Revenge: 1: to exact punishment or expiation for a wrong on behalf of, especially in a resentful or vindictive spirit: Those are the two words: disappointment and revenge, that describe my current state of mind as I compose this review of Growlers Pourhouse in NODA.  I feel nothing but utter disappointment with every aspect of my experience at Growlers tonight.  I came home and instantly began writing this because I feel the need to exact some minor sort of revenge for the disappointment I felt, and paid for tonight at Growlers.This is one of those rare experiences in which my feelings and rating for this place started high, but dropped the longer I was there.  I'll say it all started well, we came in, the decor of the place strikes you immediately.  This place has the feel of a classic English pub.  Not many television screens.  Not very big inside - essentially, its nothing more than one big room, with the kitchen being in the back.  It took my buddy and I an unusually long time to place our orders.  He ordered the Cornbeef ruben, I ordered the wings with a side of ranch instead of blu cheese.  I know, I know, I should have gotten a sausage, but I had a bunch of brats, hot dogs and sausages yesterday on the 4th of July!The meals arrived soon thereafter.  The first thing I noticed was that though the wings smelled great, they looked horribly under-sauced.  You know when you look at the wing and you see entire sides of plain, fried, chicken skin, well that my friends is UNDERSAUCED.  Problem Two: I was given blu cheese instead of the ranch I asked for.  Not only that, but it took a long time for one of the bartenders to come check on us and for me to finally receive a ranch.  Problem THREE: The wings were horribly overcooked or stale, or old or some combination of all three.  These are unquestionably some of the worst wings I have ever had!  Overcooked, dry, undersauced, not meaty, etc, etc, etc.  I wanted to go tell the cook back there, "Hey! Listen buddy, you can't serve wings in this town that have been sitting under a heat lamp for five hours, NOT properly sauce them, charge $9 and call yourself anything other than a colossal disappointment!"You want more issues?  Well, you're in luck, because when we finally got our tabs, I was charged for a $5 Ruby Lager, when I order a $1 PBR!  Do you see what I mean about it getting worse the longer I stayed there?This place was a total waste of $19.24 that I will never get back, or otherwise be compensated for.  I will never have the chance to personally tell the management how disappointing the whole experience was, mainly due to the fact that I will NEVER be back.  All I could think as I was leaving was that I will have my revenge on YELP, in this review or the next...and for whatever its worth to you out there, I feel much better having shared my Disappointing experience with you.
4	Can't believe it has taken me this long to review Growlers. Though NoDa has added several new watering holes, Growlers is by far my favorite. From the free organic popcorn, beer cheese and array of beers, it's definitely now a NoDa staple.Came in with some friends on a Tuesday night and grabbed a booth. All of which are fashionably adorned with vintage, wooden doors. Started off with the chips and beer cheese. Pure, bar-friendly heaven. How you could say no to this glorious treat escapes me. So good. Followed by Growlers' incredible popcorn, I was a happy camper. I don't know what it is about their popcorn, but goodness gracious it's amazing. I ordered the beer brat with juniper kraut. Can't say I was in love with it. Pretty salty, bun was really soggy and the kraut was just....kraut with juniper berries. Not a bad combo, just needs some tweaking. My wife tried the pimiento grilled cheese. Not too shabby. A little on the weak side and piled with pimientos and scallions. I'm a fan of subtle pimiento flavor, but it was still sufficient. The bar also houses a "beer engine" that has been refurbished from 1936. One of the coolest aspects of the establishment, in my opinion. Makes me want to slick my hair back, wear a bowler hat, and wear suspenders. Another fun fact is that Jeff, one of the owners, is a Cicerone. A certified beer guru. One of the few in NC. Pretty much he knows everything there is to know about beer(s). This place: legit.Best humdinger of a win? $1 PBRs. My hipster counterparts would rejoice with me and joyfully raise their glasses. Cheers for cheap beer, says I. Even if it is hipster champagne. I'm a happy camper at Growlers!
4	Beer and tasty snacks?  I am there in a heartbeat.  Growlers has been on my radar for a while now, I had never had an excuse to make it over to NoDa to try it.  It was early Friday afternoon and we were hoping to make it right after work since it had been a tough week.  Unfortunately they only open until 5pm, but it was gorgeous outside where we were able to catch up and enjoy the weather and all that is NoDa.Once inside, we grabbed a booth and started with some seasonal brews.  Definitely a unique selection here (compared to the usual).  We also ordered some nachos and eventually dinner.  I tried the turkey sausage which was gone in 60 seconds... I think consuming good/high gravity beers makes me turn into the cookie monster (except cookies is rather a loose category - it encompasses all food).  I even asked for a serving of complementary popcorn.  OH!  My sausage came with a side, so I went with the mac and cheese.  I couldn't quite put my finger on it but the cheese was definitely no run-of-the mill cheese mix.  I appreciated the quality and effort in all the food that was offered here.The servers were nice and we left the place food of beer and food.  Great way to start a weekend after a rough week!
4	Love this place! Great beer selection!! We had dinner at The Crepe Celler then can here for a drink (same owners). This place has a great atmosphere and friendly staff.. Perfect place for beer enthusiasts!
5	Best beers and cute bartenders
5	First time at Growler's was on their Beer Education Night that they host on the first Tuesday of every month.  This was a treat because the chef from The Liberty was also there with an assortment of pickled goodies to pair with our samplers.  My girlfriend and I had a blast talking about the beer and the pairings with others at the bar and ended up making some new friends.  Also, LOVED Steven-the bartender- who made the BEST Old Fashioned (the cocktail) I have ever had.  Steven--the muddled fruit and rye whiskey was PHENOMENAL!  Thank you!  I will be returning soon!!!
3	Two breweries and a food truck later, we were fortunate enough to find a parking spot in NoDa and rushed over to get some hyped pretzels with beer cheese from Growlers Pourhouse.  When we arrived, the place was packed and not a spot in sight was vacant.  I did a quick recon of the perimeter and aside from a hipster plagued communal table, there were only a handful of other tables that would hold the group.  My friends decided to hang by the boss Christmas tree and claim rights to a table in the corner.  Unfortunately, the sorority chicks holding it hostage would not end their conversation and step off, so we had a bit of a wait while they finally lost their wind.  While the others counted the number of patrons with mustaches, I decided to get a pint from the bar to tide me over until situated.  The wait wasn't too long, but when I order a couple measly $2 PBR pints from the bartender, she gave me a very sour face and heady as hell glasses.    It took about 15 minutes for the gossip girls to take a hint, but when they finally did leave we didn't exactly get immediate service after seating ourselves and clearing the table.  Actually, throughout the night  we never had one specific waitress/server, it consisted of 4 different people swinging by occasionally and they were all synchronized to not wait on anyone very often.  A quick thirty minute adventure turned into a ninety minute excursion from lack of seating and spotty service.  Regardless, Jay Z was playing most of the night with a Kanye West song thrown in the mix.  The atmosphere was laid back and had a few interesting characters creeping around the scene to observe inbetween bowl games on the big screens.  If you're looking for a snack, fo' free, just ask for the complimentary popcorn from their machine behind the bar.  Straight up movie theater quality!  When the pretzels arrive, so ended the grueling moments of anticipation.  The bartender delivered fresh pretzels with great chew and sharp rock salt sprinkled on top.  The beer cheese is given very generously and their house fresh ground mustard does wonders drizzled salt side up!  Aside from the pretzels and PBR pints, everything else was over priced in my opinion for what they had to offer.  The craft brews averaged about $6 alone.  Overall, I would go back just for the pretzels and that joyous beer cheese!
3	Pretty awesome door. Lets just start off by saying that. I came here after some time at Salude. We came here to get a beer, and well this bar is well exactly what it is a bar. I really enjoyed the style and the atmosphere as there are a lot of college attendees. It's quite crowded, as I'm not used to being in a packed atmosphere.This is a good place to go with friends or to go meet new people, but for me it's not the most amazing place that I would go to if I had a night off. So, therefore, my thoughts on this place: Not bad. Not amazing.
4	Great place to start your night.The concept is awesome, great beer and bar snacks. I particularly love that they have nitro beers which not a lot of places are willing deal with outside of Guiness.The beer prices are going to be on the higher end so just a heads up.We always come here while we put in our name at Crepe Celler and it's a great start and transition for the night.It gets a bit crowded, so I find I have a better time standing up and working the bar than the whole booth / waitress situation. Fantastic spot in the heart of NoDA.
5	Great atmosphere and good selection of beers. Wish it was a little bigger AND the girls in my group of friends really miss that bartender who was always so nice (I think named Aaron).  Keep it up!
4	Considering price, this is a great place to start your night off before you become too intoxicated and cannot appreciate the design of this place. Starting at the entrance with its large wooden door, it's definitely a no thrills bar that has a great feel and a warm environment.  People aren't going here to show off or be pretentious, they are simply going to a local bar where they can enjoy a good time with friends over beer, wine, and cocktails.Also, one should take note of their food offering because it is definitely better than what you would expect from bar food.
4	Great find in the heart of NoDa. Crowded on a Thursday a night, good mix of crowd. Good beer list, but not so much on the spirits.
2	Another NODA disappointment. Came here last night with a friend for a drink. It was Easter Sunday and nothing was open so I headed over to NODA. It took light years for the owner/ bartender to serve us and when he did, they were out of the reds I wanted. Friend was mortified by the house white. I'm keeping my butt Uptown 'til NODA business owners get some class.
3	Excellent atmosphere but they didn't have a single beer on tap that wasn't an IPA.Why do that???
5	This is our favorite go-to place.  It's small, so it gets crowded fast, but they have a great selection of beers of good food.  We've tried everything from fries to the fresh oysters.  The service is the best part.  Everyone is just nice...it's kind of refreshing.
5	I'm  a frequent visitor here, usually once a week, and on a first name basis with one of the waitresses over there and one of the chefs. Got to meet one of the owners of Growlers a couple of weeks ago too, Paul, who was friendly and came to our table to make sure everything was up to our expectations. He casually informed us that he has a boat that he and another gentleman own, and they harvest they're own oysters which are served at Growlers. This particular oyster hasn't been in stock for a few weeks but I'm on the lookout for them and from what I hear, they usually go pretty quick and and are generally the first kind they run out of. I recommend getting a dozen each of the different varieties of oysters they have to find your own preferred oyster.  They're served on the half shell on ice with lemon slices, cocktail sauce, and another tangy/spicy sauce ( not sure what it is). I recommend the Nelson Bay oysters from North Carolina. They're quite a bit smaller than the East Points from up North, but they've got a lot more flavor and salt.The Reuban sandwich here is pretty darn good.  I order it with extra sauerkraut, and purple slaw. It comes on toasted Marble Rye . Very delicious and better than the ones that come from chain restaurants....my only complaint is that all sides are extra.I've also recently discovered they've got this really tasty, creamy, and very addictive beer-cheese that you can get  when you order either fries or a warm pretzel. I could eat that stuff right out of the cup...no pretzel necessary. :-)The Beer choices here are pretty good. They've got quite a few on tap and the selection is always changing. That is great for people like me who like to experience a new one every time I visit. I love this place. I'll keep coming here as long as they're open and the service stays at the level its at, which means, Lindsay & Justin can never leave! HA HA!
4	Great atmosphere, decent beer list, and phenomenal service at Growlers Pourhouse on Saturday night.  Buck took care of us while we sat at the bar and was one of the best bartenders I've ever had.  I left wanting to be friends with him!  He offered tasters of any beers we had questions about and obviously knew his stuff.  And he just seemed like an awesome guy.  We snacked on some popcorn and ordered the soft pretzel with beer cheese.  The soft pretzel was delish (and one order is enough for two) but the beer cheese wasn't anything too special.  The beer list has some room for improvement but maybe I'm just spoiled.  When I'm back in the area, I'll be back at Growlers!
5	Go see Buck, he is the best bartender in Charlotte!
4	Let me begin by saying I didn't have any food here..so I'm not sure how fair it is for me to give them a review, but whatever. The service was top-notch. The bartender was incredibly friendly & very knowledgable. Their tap selection was not incredibly extensive, but that being said, the ones they did have were very wise choices. Also everything was very fairly priced. I had my first oyster shooter of my life here. And although it was a little rich for my pathetically sensitive stomach, it was awesome. As I mentioned this was my first, so I was unaware of how they're normally made. Growlers' starts with a fresh oyster, topped with pepper absolut (vodka), cocktail sauce, lemon juice, & fresh ground pepper all mixed together. It was by far the most flavorful shot I've ever had. Apparently many places make theirs with crappy beer, yuck! After such a divine beverage experience at Growlers I cannot wait to come back & try some of the food!
4	Great beers, great food, good location.  A little pricier than most of the other spots in NoDa but you get what you pay for.This place isn't that big, especially if you're here for food.  There is a table or 2 to you right when you walk in, a huge bar on that side, one big community table in the middle, then maybe 5 or 6 other spots on the left side.  That doesn't keep me from frequenting this establishment, I just use it as a bar with food instead of a restaurant with good booze.As far as food goes, they have their own oysters, nuff said.  Farm to fork at its finest in NC.  Match that with a great tap list and I'd say this place is worth the visit right there.  I hear the sandwiches are what they're known for but I've only had a bite of one.  The pesto portabello was pretty spot on, with roasted red peppers and goat cheese.  I have had the chorizo taco's and liked them but I was about 6 or 7 beers deep and would have thought a chorizo sausage straight to the face was the best thing I had ever eaten.  The pita and humus, beer cheese with fries, and pretzel are my normal go-to's while having a couple beers.  I guess I should try more food.  The kitchen is open till midnight so that shouldn't be a problem.Ohhhhhh, the booze.  Always a great tap list.  $1 PBR Mon-Fri  is really the only "special" but I don't even consider that an option with the diversity they have on tap.  With 14 rotating taps and a diverse line-up you just have to go see it for yourself.  I'm an IPA drinker and they always have 2-3 good ones, but this place helps me spread my wings.  Seasonals, browns, Belgians, stouts, etc.....  Something for everyone.  Also, the first Tuesday of every month is a real treat.  Beer ED with samplings/pairings on the house.  Something different every time.If they had a $3 pint night or even just a cheap special every night I'd give this place 5 stars.  See ya there.
5	Yay!  A bar with awesome beer on tap and GREAT bar food!!!  They really have a sweet selection of beers to choose from and the food is truly good!  I had a BLT that was SO tasty!!  And...they have 21st Amendment beer on tap from SF, so I am a HUGE fan!!  Friendly bartenders and patrons - I will be back!
4	Beers. Lots and lots of beers. This is one of my favorite spots in NoDa. I used to live a block for here, so I pretty much lived here as well. Almost didn't move because I didn't want to be so far away from this place.What to get: all of it. Menu is great. I love the beer brat and juniper berry kraut. I also have a love affair with oysters. Here you can get farm to fork North Carolina varieties as well as daily Atlantic varieties. Or... get an oyster shooter. Sometimes you need vodka with your oyster. Reuben is tremendous. Wings are pretty yummy. I haven't really been disappointed in anything I've ordered.Ton of great draft choices that change often. Go here in the fall for a pumpkin beer. They do a cinnamon sugar rum. Hello lover. They also have fun shot selections like root beer float. Different specials every day.Seating is kind of limited here. There are bar stools, a giant table in the middle of the place and a handful of booths along the wall. Parking can also be tricky in NoDa on the weekends. I recommend parking on Yadkin. Just be sure not to park in front of a driveway. You will get a ticket.
4	Wish they have more wines... BUT still my favorite spot in noda:) small and great bar; feel like I'm in some  bar in big city.
4	Absolutely love the setting. Feels like an old pub. The food is great- notably the Reuben and the fries - oh the fries! Great beer selection. Only downside is there isn't enough seating....
4	I came here on a Saturday night for dinner.  I think this is much more a beer spot than a food joint since there weren't many people eating, but I was laser-focused on one thing - oysters.  I ordered a dozen mixed oysters and a pretzel with beer cheese.  The oysters were small, but quite tasty and I didn't get a single shell, which tends to happen with the oyster places around Charlotte.  I don't drink beer, but "when in Rome" so I ordered a beer.  It was really good...and this is coming from a wine chick.  The bar was packed, but it's what should be expected from a beer pub on a Saturday night.  Even with the crowd, the service was great with no complaints.  I will return, but maybe during the week when it isn't so busy.
3	$20 for a dozen Atlantic oysters on the half shell. Not too shabby, Charlotte! Jam packed on a Saturday night, but it cleared out a bit by 9:30 or so.
4	A group of 5 of us walked over for a drink while waiting on our table at Cabo Fish Taco. There weren't any seats for us, but plenty of floor space, and two huge TVs over the bar to watch the first Final Four game. They have a lot of beers, which for beer drinkers is great. You can get a pint of PBR for $2. However, they don't have any ciders, not even one :(. They have a fully stocked liquor bar, but in line with Noda pricing can get expensive. They have popcorn available to snack on, or they have a full menu which we did not partake in because of our dinner plans across the street. The bartenders were super nice, and even came back out from behind the bar to ask us if we needed any refills, which I thought was great.
4	Found this place on a list of pretzel joints in charlotte, pretzel was good not great and actually my least favorite of everything we ordered.  Mustard was better than the beer cheese also.  This place shines with it's homemade sausages, we tried the beer brat and the sweet Italian both were fantastic and could tell they were homemade, they fell apart as soon as you started chewing them and they were delicious.  House cut fries were also very good, potato salad was ok but needed salt.  Beers we tried were good and service was excellent on a packed Saturday night.  Also recommend the root beer float shot.  This is a tiny little place but definitely worth a trip if your in noda.
5	Casual but nice bar with a very chill crowd, good quality craft beers, and unique food menu that includes house-made sausages and a few varieties of oysters on the half shell. Great place to go in the NoDa area!
4	Many of the NoDa businesses are friendly for women by themselves (waiting for those always late husbands) - Growler's is especially friendly and welcoming to everyone. We all wish they were open earlier on weekdays! That's why they don't get 5 stars. Try the chorizo tacos - economical and pretty much the best darned taco I have ever eaten. Simple and fabulous - spicy but not anything to scare the spicy-wary. Woo-hoo! Oh, other food is also good - they make the sausages there, and the coolness of that...very cool.  They carry lots of beer, I don't like beer. But their house wine is very good, and they carry stuff like Pimms so you can get your English Garden Cocktail on - I told you it was chick friendly!
3	Nice selection of beers on tap along with your standard canned and bottled options. Unfortunately, there are not many choices when it comes to seating, so you either pull up to the limited amount of seats at the bar, one of the side tables, or the large picnic-style table in the center.I only popped in to have a quick drink before the Yelp Summer Soiree so I didn't get to sample any of the food except for the complimentary popcorn available at the bar.If you are a beer novice, they allow you to sample so do not be afraid to ask!
2	You know it hurts me to even say this because a lot of my friends like this place and that's why I came.  We weren't greeted at all just told to sit wherever... not a smile was cracked in our server's face... also... I ordered 4 each of their daily selection which they only had 3 regional oysters to choose from besides their house... I was given a dozen on their HOUSE oysters but she "allowed" me to have 6 oysters of what I wanted and ordered... I paid for the dozen that I didn't order and only ate half of it... WEIRD, it should have been the other way around... The sausages need SEASONING bad... it was OK... I had to ask her if we could order our dinner after she walked off with the menu and never came back.  And I like this neighborhood... but poor experience....
4	I was surprised when I was told that I had to try the oysters at Growlers.  It just didn't seem like the type of place where one would get raw seafood.  But I can honestly say that these are some of the best oysters around and they may be the best in Charlotte.  However, I definitely recommend sticking to the Canadian variety.  We had some of the sounthern oysters when they did not have the northern ones available. They were just Okay.  I can't say that much else on the menu appeals to me so I basically come here for an oyster appetizer and then move on.  The oysters have generally been well cleaned, but I did have one disappointing experience with a dozen. Perhaps someone new was doing the shucking.  The beer selection is not extensive but I can always find something that I am eager to slam.  My only real gripe is the seating.  It can be awfully tough to find a spot.  But hey, I guess that is a downside of being a cool spot that people want go.
4	CVB Pumkin Ale comes with a cinnamon rim!
5	Really nice place. Great beer, including cask. Also, really good food. Only a few items to choose from but they are all done perfectly. Definitely recommend!
4	Nice selection with a good portion of the taps dedicated to local brews.  Service was very attentive.  This was a great place to wait for a table to open up at Cabo across the street.
4	Good selection of beer, good new american pub grub, warm and social atmosphere, exposed brick, and free popcorn.. what is not to like about this place? It is my favorite NoDa neighborhood bar to frequent. I love the poutine-style fries, homemade sausages, chorizo tacos, and although I am not an oyster fan my friends love their oysters and oyster shooters. Give this place a visit!
4	Vegans & Vegetarians, REJOICE! Their Chipotle Veganator (vegan sausage topped with grilled veggies) is out of this world & is exactly what the doctor ordered after a long day at work. I love topping mine with beer cheese and enjoying a local draft alongside it. My only complaint is that fries have to be ordered separate/cost extra, and the handful of times I've gotten mc'n'cheese as a side, I've received a teeny, tiny bowlful that cost me $3.50... not cool, and not worth it.
4	Small pub with pubstyle food.  Nice selection of beers & fresh raw oysters - need I say more?  They make their own sausages here.  They were good, but we did have to ask if they were truly cooked as they seemed a bit pink.  Waitress had asked the cook and they said due to curing methods, it may seem pink, but assured they were fully cooked. Friendly wait staff and super quick service. Menu is rather limited so in my opinion, I'd come back again for lunch or late night pub eats, not really for dinner.
4	Great service with a laid back atmosphere. They have oysters from all over the country which are served very cold and satisfying. We made friends by sitting at the communal center table which was crafted from an old sliding barn door. They also have a lot of local beers to choose from. A great place to wait for your taco reservation.
