3	This California Pizza Kitchen, located in the newest shopping center on Las Vegas Blvd S, Towne Center. The service was quick and efficient, the waiter was attentive. The only problems I had with this location was, that my meal felt rushed because the waiter was not only attentive but it seemed like he was trained to "turnover" his tables quickly. I had the Barbeque Chicken Pizza which was good, but they were light on the barbeque sauce. Also I had a Raspberry Mojito that was very watery, and my dessert was just average. Overall, this restaurant has potential if they just slow down.
3	CPK is one of the few chain restaurants that I LOVE. I love their veggie sandwich, spring mix salad, roasted veggie sandwich, tequila fettucine, the broccoli sun-dried tomato fusili. During my trip to vegas, we decided to go to CPK to get some lunch. What I find odd is that no matter what CPK I go to, the service always seems to suck. Even the CPK I always go to at home, the service sucks! I am just surprised since I know people who work at CPK and I know how strict and intense their training is when people are hired. Regardless, I continue to return because I love the food.While we were at this location, the service was just blah and SO SLOW. the restaurant was empty, but it took forever to get our food. On top of that, they didn't have the AC on and it was so hot and stuffy in the restaurant that everyone I ate with was uncomfortable and sneezing. After we complained, they turned the AC on and it got much better. I was just really surprised no one else in the restaurant complained. But anyone who works at the restaurant should know that the AC should be on in a restaurant. I knew it was off cause once we complained, I felt the AC blowing on me. *End of rant*
2	For me the pizza is too expensive and and the flavors too exotic. For example, I tried the Pear & Gorgonzola pizza. It isn't bad, but I'm in no hurry to go back and order another. If you're in the area, I'd recommend going to Claim Jumpers instead.
4	I'm not one to write reviews for larger chains mainly because if you've eaten at one it's very likely the other chain in the other part of town isnt much different. Other reviews for this CPK are a tad old so now would be a great time for a refresher review.Due to it's location at Towne Center the place is kinda packed with local shoppers and tourists alike, being crowded means being noisy, servers do tend to rush to get finished customers out and new customers in to keep the business moving. This is nothing new and should not count toward their overall score unless they stand there staring at you arms cross tapping their foot in a gesture that clearly says 'order desert or GTFO'I completely agree with Ken O's observation that some of the menu items are a tad on the expensive side and are a bit too exotic. The chain seems to focus on a shot gun spread approach instead of specializing. After over two years going to continue on Audrey W's review and report that the BBQ Chicken Pizza is still light on the sauce but still tasted pretty good. Lettuce wraps were pretty awesome but they need to use fresher shrimp. The texture of the diced up frozen stuff they use is too mushy and it doesn't stand out among the other ingredients. Same goes with their water chestnuts as well, out of the entire entree i can only recall biting into something crisp that wasn't lettuce maybe three times.Buddy got the standard 'oldie but goodie' pepperoni pizza. The pie was a bit greasy but a pepperoni pizza not having a noticeable layer of shine on top is like a zebra not having black and white stripes. One thing i did notice was the taste of the areas that didnt contain pepperoni. They were like black holes sucked away all the flavor and experience to leave you plain and unsatisfied. From reading past almost year old reviews i can say the service has improved. There's a manager on the floor helping out the servers and ensuring quality control and getting feedback. Our own server was like a hawk...with video cameras...and a surveillance van commonly seen in police films and movies. If i were to give him a motto for the day it would have to be "leave no glass empty" seriously he swapped out our drinks when we had only a quarter left and during that time between debating if one should get the bill and call it or order a dessert and dread the gym the next day he still refilled our drinks. Homeboy hooked it up and earned himself a phat tip in the end.Overall I can predict we'll be coming back here within the next three months.
3	I like California Pizza Kitchen. It is a great go-to restaurant that is sure to please everyone.The only reason why I gave this particular location 3/5 stars is because of the service. My sisters and I are regulars at the CPK in the Fashion Show Mall. The service there is always excellent. It's weird how we took  it for granted until we started frequenting the CPK at Town Square. The CPK at Town Square has inferior service. They lag on refilling drinks/water, are slow to greet, take your meal order, check on you, etc. Once, we've even gotten a straight up rude waitress. However, the service seems to be improving the last few times I've been. So there is hope!
5	I was in Town Square last month and decided to try this place while I was out with family.  It's a pretty big restaurant with a welcoming environment.  The host was very nice.. and we only had to wait about 8 minutes to be seated.  This place is pretty busy and I soon found out why.  They have comfortable booths with outside seating as well.  I had the Thai Chicken pizza (1st visit) and the Four Seasons Vegetarian pizza (2nd visit).  The portion was generous and if I remember correctly I paid $12.  The waiters and waitresses where very courteous and they made sure we were tooken care of.  A few weeks ago I noticed that they also have frozen pizza in the frozen food section at stores.  I bought a couple for me and my daughter and they were "almost" as good as the actual restaurant but still very good.  CPK is a great restaurant with great staff.
4	Yelp has transformed me into a chain restaurant avoider. Well, I'm not anti-chain; I just prefer to find local places instead. So when my cousins wanted to have a birthday dinner at CPK last night, I was pretty meh about the idea.Don't get me wrong. I've always liked CPK. Last night was no exception. Our server, Rachel (from Maryland by way of Austin), was overly friendly. She was so bubbly, it was almost exhausting. At her suggestion, I ended up getting a Kiwi Frozen Lemonade with a shot of Absolut. Excellent suggestion. It was very good! By the way, their White Sangria is also delicious.I didn't plan on eating, but CPK has such a wide selection of salads, I couldn't resist getting their Moroccan Chicken Salad. I should have gone with a half because that thing was huge! And boy was it delicious. I especially like it for the roasted butternut squash, dates, beets, avocado, and toasted almonds. Yum!Well done CPK.
4	Dear BBQ Chicken Salad, I have had a major crush on you since about 1999. You are my favorite. I can't have anything but you whenever I dine at CPK. Seriously, I am like your secret stalker. They should probably put me in jail because I DESTROY YOU! Every last bite! You are probably the reason that some Salads get a bad rep, because there is nothing "diet-y" about you. Whatever you do, please don't change. Don't go and get all health conscious or go light on the dressing. Don't loose your tortilla strips or your delicious BBQ coated chicken. Just...be you. Forever. And always. Love, Katie S. PS. This location is ok. Decent service, short wait on a peak night. Others at my table enjoyed their food. Consistent, fresh, fast.
3	Generic CPK. Love the white pizza. This location is always packed and a little slow on service. If they can just get that kicked up a notch, I would probably frequent them more often. They also train their servers to do a huge pet peeve of mine. They ask young children in my group what they want to drink directly, even suggesting things like chocolate milk. I hate that. I will make those decisions and I don't need them instigating it.
3	Dined here with my boyfriend for a late breakfast/early lunch while on this side of town running errands. The ambience inside the restaurant is really pleasant with lots of spacious windows filling the place with sunlight and the woodfire oven mirroring it with bright yellow tile. It's a very pretty space to dine in and the grand windows allow you ample people watching of all the hipsters ambling by. The restaurant was packed while we were there, so service was a little slow. I had a cup of coffee that was a little stale, but the refill was much better. The coffee wasn't bitter and seemed like more of a light roast. I like that the cream comes in a small glass! Be aware that any of the espresso based drinks run about the same as Starbucks prices. They seemed to have a decent selection of beers but it was too early for me to dwell on them long.We started with their minestrone soup, which was thick with different ingredients but wasn't mindblowingly amazing. I've had a richer depth of flavor in homemade versions, but it was a decent restaurant adaptation. The salad we sampled had arugula, asparagus, parmesan, almonds and a few other simple toppings. It was a light starter on a long rectangular plate that made it easy to share between the two of us. We had their vegetarian pizza with japanese eggplant and it was nice but fairly small. You would definitely need two pizzas if you were with a group of three or more very hungry people. Since we had shared a salad and a soup prior to having the pizza, it was a good amount of food to sustain us through "brunch"-time with two slices left over to provide a light meal for my boyfriend later in the day. The pizza had a thin crust with a nice chewiness to it and the toppings were well chosen for the pizza but a little sparsely placed. There were large pieces of broccolini/broccoli rabe/baby broccoli that were hard for me to bite through and interrupted the otherwise lovely texture medley. I don't recall the eggplant standing out, which was a little disappointing but it may have just been covered in cheese. Next time we venture over to this area there's a good chance we'll return to sample some of their other pizzas with some friends so we can have a better sampler of their offerings!
2	I've been to CPK a few times and I really don't think there's anything that great about it.  My wife likes it so we go but I'm never very excited about their pizzas or food.  I think it is a little pricey for what you are getting.  I can eat one of their pizzas by myself and still be hungry and then I'm out $12.  On the flip side, there really isn't anything wrong with it.  The service is always fine and their food tastes good.  I would just rather go somewhere like Settebello but when you have a pregant wife, what are you gonna do?
4	My reason for four stars is because of the service. Otherwise, their menu items are three stars.I was in a rush because I only had about an hour and 20 something minutes to head to work. Starving and coming up a little late on a lunch with my friend, we requested our food to arrive ASAP because of our situation. Our server was extremely kind (I believe her name was Heidi? Wonderful lady!) and got our food out to us in a matter of minutes. Even with our indecision about what wine to taste, she was doing the best she could to help us get in and out (even when her section was half full!) Our food had to have came out in a matter of 10-15 at most after we ordered, because we devoured it and still had time for me to head to work with a minute late to spare. My service experience was excellent, and I recommend if you're in a rush somewhere, don't be shy to tell them!Otherwise, the food is three stars. This isn't saying its bad in the least, but then again there is nothing overly special about it either. The menus do hold a ton of variety when it comes to wines and pizza, so if you're in for a quick lunch, this would be the place in TS to stop by at!
5	Completely forgot how much I love this place!  They have amazing thin crust pizza...you won't be disappointed.  And yes the salads are great too.  We had the thin crust pepperoni, the chop salad and an appetizer (I can't remember which one!?) to share and it was perfect!  A bonus to this location is being able to walk around Town Square afterwards :)
3	Great service and friendly atmosphere. The California Club Pizza is a must pick along with the California Club Sandwich but don't order it with the new Mediterranean Bread they have. Overall great experience and I'd definitely stop back in for a quick bite.
4	i always order the same things when i ever i go here. i love the zesty limeness of the chicken tequila fettuccine. the sauce is not too think or slimy. the peppers add the crunch to the plate. but watch out for their chicken portions. my friend ordered the same thing, and i got less chicken than he did. overall taste zesty, because i squeeze more lime on to the pasta :) i've also had a bite of korean bbq steak tacos. eh? i've had better taco's like from jay's jay in CA. the kbs tacos were too juicy and the bbq threw it all off. white corn guac and chips is also under the small cravings menu, when they mean small, they mean small. i personally am use to eating guacamole alone. so for me, i didn't like the corn edition. oh and i've tried their infamous bbq chicken pizza. but cmon! you can get it frozen at a grocery store, and it'll taste the exact same as the restaurant!! that is why i opt in getting the chicken tequila fettuccine from now on! overall, environment is chill. and is definitely a family restaurant, especially how busy they get. as far as their staff, i've had mixed experiences, just gotta get them on a good lucky day to encounter their overly extra friendly staff or the ones that are just waiting to clock out..
3	Service here is usually great.  But i donno the food doesnt really sell me on anything super duper spectacular.  It's a nice place to hit if you have pizza fans with you at town square.  But personally i'd rather go down the street to claim jumper or yardhouse.
3	Good food. Great location. Good service.
4	I always wondered what CPK was like in person instead of the microwaved pizzas they offer in grocery stores lol. Great environment in this location at Town Square. Waitresses were friendly and so was the hostess. We were seated very fast. The place is big but cluttered. Not enough room to make it to the bathroom without squeezing by tables and interrupting others dinner or running into a waiter. Great selection of food from the appetizers to the main dishes and desserts. I had a great time and food experience and will definitely visit CPK more often.
3	Something was wrong.California Pizza Kitchen is my FAVORITE restaurant.  We've been here a million times, and the service and food quality was always CONSISTENTLY EXCEPTIONAL.  Not this time.  We walked in, sat down and were so thrilled and happy because my fiance and I had just gotten engaged.  Don't get me wrong- I don't put a price tag on food, so we could have chosen to eat anywhere fancy shmancy to celebrate our recent engagement. But what did lil' ol' me want to do??  I wanted a damn pizza from CPK!  Why? Because it was a refeed day from weeks of lifting and underfeeding (fitness/training talk) and like I said- it's my favorite restaurant, and I am ALWAYS happy when I go to and leave any CPK.Our waiter walked over with a quietly foul, non-chalant, I don't give a sh*t attitude.  Totally killed our mood, but hey- I was okay with it because I just wanted my pizza.  Thai Pizza to be exact.  Edgar ordered fried mac & cheese, and I ordered hummus.  Pita was dry and lacked texture.  Mac & Cheese was dry.  Bleh.My pizza was abysmal.  I've ordered this pizza dozens of times, and I was so disappointed.  But oh well, it is what it is. It was dry and lacked that peanuty flavor that it normally has.  It was just...just.  That's it.  Nothing more to it.  And Edgar's Hawaiian BBQ Chicken Pizza was thin.  We didn't order thin. I would give this visit a darn 1, but I'll leave it at 3 because I really do love the restaurant chain.  And if you know me-- I don't take to chains too much.  We'll definitely be back because I know it was an anamoly.
1	Worst service ever! Beware of this waitress from hell, Rebecca (Becky), who not only was rude, discourteous and incompetent, but was also a complete and utter disgrace to the service industry. The manager, Richard Bickerton, did not do anything to prevent this waitress from further insulting us and ruining our dinner.  We've been longtime patrons of CPK but never encountered a waitress who deliberately went out of her way to annoy an irritate us with her poor service and unprofessionaldemeanor.  She should have just stayed home as she was obviously having a bad day instead of taking out her misplaced anger on longtime CPK customers like us.  Shame on CPK for hiring servers like her!
4	Wow this place is good. They really ought to think about expanding California Pizza Kitchen. Their name is a little long though... Ought to use an acronym like CPK. Don't tell anybody about this little secret of a pizza place. I wouldn't want it to get all commercial and open up locations all over and start selling frozen pizza's at grocery stores.. imagine that..All kidding aside... In comparison to other CPK's I found the food to be very good and fresh. It's most def in the top tier of CPK's when it comes to quality and service. Our waiter was great, the place was busy, and the food was really good..Come on.. you know you've been to a less than stellar CPK... This is not one of those.. Very good.
2	Service was very poor. Food was not that great
4	(CPK) Great pizza choices,
4	Our go to dinner spot when me & my bf are at town square. They always have great service and are pretty quick. Great if you have kids or a lunch date.
4	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (38 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!1 star = for their selection of pizzas.  They have something to cater to anyone's tastes.  I especially like the White Pizza with added mushrooms.2 stars = fish tacos.  If you're not feeling pizza, their fish tacos are definitely tasty.  They are filling too!3 stars = BUTTER CAKE!  One word: amazing!  It's a melt in your mouth type of dessert and is a definite must have if you come here!4 stars = great service by courteous wait and host staff.Lacks 5th star = slow to get our food.  Slower during lunch, a little faster during dinner time for some odd reason.
3	Ok pizza, I like the thin crust but they dont put much for toppings, have to ask for extra cheese and pepperoni to make it like a real pizza place.
4	After visiting The container Store for a longer span of time than we thought we would, it was high time for dinner.  Eyeballing the several offerings of Town Square, we came across this California Pizza Kitchen.  There was a wait everywhere on this Friday night, but here it didn't appear to be intolerable.  So, we put in our name and waited to be called.  After about 20 minutes the lights on our pager finally glowed red and danced about.  Now hungrier than ever, we prepared to settle in our comfortable booth and enjoy a multi-course dinner at a relaxed pace.  We were not ready to rumble, but to EAT!So, I began with Minced Chicken Lettuce Wraps, while Diane looked forward to an opening side of Traditional Crispy Mac 'N' Cheese.  The Lettuce Wraps were excellent, featuring fine chicken, tiny curved water chestnuts, jalapeno circles, very fresh and crisp lettuce leaves, and a nice soy-based spicy dipping sauce.  I did find though that the Cherry Limeade I also ordered was too strong for my taste.The Mac 'N' Cheese had an excellent crisp crust, and was firm on the inside--not mushy.  The whole dish was quite yummy.Unfortunately our Garlic Cream Fettuccine entrees then arrived right on top of our starters.  I sent mine back, but Diane accepted hers, which contained sauteed chicken and shrimp.  When my entree arrived again at a more suitable time, it was just like Diane's, except mine was further enhanced by sauteed mushrooms.  The sauteing was first-rate, the fettuccine was al dente, and just enough Garlic-Parmesan Cream Sauce clung to the pasta to make this a truly delectable dish.  The portions were large, with an ample amount of chicken breast chunks and medium- to large-sized shrimps.  We both enjoyed our hot entrees immensely.But how is a fine dinner truly complete without a sumptuous dessert?  So, I finished with a towering slice of 6-layer Lemon Cake with Lemon Custard Filling, while Diane dug into a large slice of 5-layer Red Velvet Cake.  My high-caloric sweet treat was brushed with Limoncello, candied lemon zest, and Mascarpone Frosting, and was very lemony and delicious.  Diane's was topped by a creamy and very tasty Cream Cheese Frosting.  We were both in dessert nirvana.One other service delay must be mentioned.  Diane seemed to wait forever for a Hot Chocolate.  We were ultimately told by both our server and the manager that the bartender on duty makes all Hot Chocolate drinks, and got behind making that and other ordered drinks.  Finally, the manager hustled over to our table with the Hot Chocolate way late, but did take it off the bill.  And then Diane found it to be too thin.Even though our dining experience was marred by two service errors, the food was so delicious that we just brushed these minor inconveniences aside, and this outing still rated an overall 4-1/2 stars!
4	So glad i finally tried out this place! came here a few nights ago. you know a place is good when they re on a wait on a Wednesday. I had the peach salad. It had caramelized peaches, dried cranberries, Gorgonzola cheese, and red onions on a bed of spinach tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette. I also added grilled chicken to it. Absolutely amazing! My friend ordered the Thai salad and he loved it. I will defiantly be returning!
4	Good service and above average pizza. Felt welcome and treated us like locals.
4	I must say:  Pleasantly Surprised!  I enjoyed this one even more so than the one located in the Mirage Hotel.They now have a 'low calorie' menu, it's definitely more pricey than their other menu, but sometimes you have to pay not to be tempted.  You can go online and download a full and comprehensive caloric menu from their website.  For instance, ordering the pizza thin crust makes a pretty big difference.Our server was very bubbly and attentive, she was their corporate trainer based on the pin on her lapel, dark hair really cute glasses. They have 1/2 salads and full portions too, which is nice. I ordered the under 500 calorie shrimp scampi zucchini pasta--I loved it. Especially for being healthy. It had tons of garlic and a lot of flavor. I added spinach and roasted red peppers to it for some more veggies. I'm going to try and replicate it at home. It was very very good.My friend ordered lettuce wraps [chicken and shrimp which somehow has more calories & fat than just the chicken or just the shrimp? which is confusing but whatever] she ate 'em up. Her husband ordered a 1/2 salad which he finished in it's entirety and then managed to eat a couple of her lettuce wraps.Food took a little longer than I would've liked to come out, but it was very busy. Would also love if they served some pizza bread for a starter [even though that is not on the diet].  1/2 salad & 1/2 pizza option would be very nice too.Music was very loungey this time I felt like I was in a nightclub, kind of techno funky was unusual but I didn't mind it.I also took out a to-go order for one of our co-workers, when I was walking out the manager basically bolted to open the door for me [and he was in mid discussion with the hostess]. I *love*  men with manners. A+
3	After many years of going to various CPK locations these places bore me. They are consistent, clean and efficient and I give them points for that. It is straightforward food that lacks any memorable qualities.Had the Thai Chicken Salad. Fresh, crunchy cabbage. The chicken portion was extremely small. Lightly dressed which was healthier but not as tasty as I remember.
4	I've always been a fan, with my usual favorites. The pizza is good to share when I'm not super hungry. The lettuce wraps and sesame chicken dumplings (pot stickers) are great if you're after appetizers. When we've decided on our own entrees, my favorite is the kung pao spaghetti. It's a little bit stronger than I prefer but when they have a good cook in the kitchen I can get it tamed down without being bland.  Prices are a little on the high side, but not by much and only when I order more than I probably should have anyway. Bread is just by request now. I've always left full.
4	This has always been a favorite for us no matter where we've lived.  We don't go as often as we used to but came here because they sent us a coupon for a free dessert, lol, for my husband's birthday. We usually get sat in a big, comfortable booth.  They have "small bites" appetizers and we tried the mediterranean focaccia bread.  It's really delicious but they don't give enough of the dipping oil, which would be my only complaint about it.  My husband is disappointed because they got rid of his favorite pizza, the bacon cheeseburger pie.  But he really loves their bolognese sauce and always enjoys his pasta dishes.  The waiter kept our glasses full all dinner long, which is something of a lost art in these parts, haha. The dessert is the real kicker.  All of their desserts are purely gluttonous and amazing.  We've tried almost all of them but the hidden gem is the butter cake!  How could something so simple be so good?!?  And it's a thousand times better if you get it a la mode.  It's so soft and light it literally melts in your mouth. Of course my other complaint is that I always leave here feeling like a cow because of how much I ate.  But at least I'm not going hungry! If you haven't had this for a while I think you should definitely rediscover it because the service and the food are pretty awesome for a chain restaurant!
3	I have a lunch date with my mother every Saturday afternoon and we decided on CPK so we could do some shopping at TS after lunch last Saturday.. I hadn't been to CPK in forever and the only location I've ever been to is the one at Fashion Show. We arrived at 3:30 and surprisingly the place was full and there was a 15 minute wait.  This place reminded me of Chuckie Cheese with all the kids everywhere. LOL I much prefer the atmosphere at the Fashion Show location. Everything here just seemed kind of cheap even the napkins... & I swear I remember the food tasting much better.-Mango Sangria: Reminded me of Mexican candy which I happen to like haha but there were only 3 pieces of fruit in there and I couldn't even taste any wine/alcohol.. -Grilled Peaches & Shrimp Salad: Loved this salad!!! Tangy dressing and fresh field greens.. Shrimp were small though. -Wild mushroom Pizza with chicken: This used to me my favorite pizza. I feel like there used to be more mushrooms with stronger flavors. The crust used to be perfect and kind of sweet.-Jambalaya Pasta: It was too spicy/peppery for me. I prefer Cheesecake Factory's version.. -Complimentary bread: Wasn't even warm & the butter was ice cold.  Service was friendly. I just think with so many other options at TS.. California Pizza Kitchen doesn't stand out. & if I really wanted their pizza I could get it in the frozen aisle at the grocery store. HOT TIP: Go on their website for a $5 off coupon~!!!
5	Went to CPK for lunch at Town Square. This was my second visit to this location. Just as the first, overall experience was great.Restaurant had a nice open atmosphere, staff was attentive and courteous. Food tasted great and worth every penny. Two appetizers, pizza, and dessert for less than $40!I rate food based on whether or not I can make it better at home. I couldn't have done better, so good job CPK.If your at Las Vegas Town Square, you can't go wrong with CPK.
3	Great service! Spacious and kid friendly! The white pizza wasn't what I expected.  I expected the sauce to be more like white pasta sauce...but it was more like goat cheese, spinach and mozzerella (spelling probably wrong lol) cheese.  Other than that...the BBQ Chicken salad was AMAZING!
5	love. love. love.I had a stressful interview on the strip and wanted to get some lunch, so I stopped at a place I know in Town Center- CPK. I sat at the bar, and had the greatest server. He needed a shoutout.I asked him for suggestions on the menu, he had options for me, and suggested two salads, and something that caught my eye- the Spinach & Artichoke Pizza. We discussed in length the difference between that pizza and the classic BBQ Chicken. Well, His suggestions were great, didn't try to oversell me and cracked me up the entire time I was there. The manager was near the bar area and was extremely involved in the kitchen as well as his serving staff, which was really nice to see. I have been there twice while in Vegas, and while I love small local business, this is a place I will frequent.
5	Always tasty!  With the Family!  Thanks Jamie and Wayne P for the gift card!  CPK was extra awesome tonight because of the outstanding service.  Our waiter Kevin was extremely attentive and helpful.  The new salad (Mediterranean) was delicious, the Thai pizza was great as always, and the 22 0z Stella was a bargain at 6.50.  Kevin was kind enough to provide some wine tastings as well, and that over-the-top service was the 5 star earner.
1	I love coming here but today decided to come for lunch and worst service we were sat right away but then no one came to check on us for about 15 min then a bus boy came to check on us and said "I'm not your waiter but ill get you drinks" we said who is then and he said "I dont kno,were trying to figure that out.  They cut a lot of people and that's why we are short handed. " he was great and ended up waiting on us the whole time. He needs a raise if it werent for him I would say I would never come back.  I dont blame him for bit checking on us since I'm sure this isn't his usual duties.
1	Where do I begin? First we had to wait 20 mins to be seated on the patio that was more than half empty. Next out server takes an additional 15 mins to even greet us. Another 15-20 before bringing us our water and drinks. The food wasn't anything to get excited about. The BBQ pizza isn't better than anything in the frozen section at Walmart.(seriously. Freschetta is just as good) But I had the garlic Parmesan pasta and was disgusted by it completely! Remember the server I mentioned? He checked on us only once the entire meal. (Appetizer and 2 main courses) not to mention he didn't know a lot about the menu. If he's new, he gets a pass. If not, woozers. Overall? $60 and 2 hours wasted on a meal I could've made myself a lot better AND a lot cheaper. Save yourself the time. DON'T GO HERE!!!
2	Like it says, I've experienced better. I'm a fan of CPK. I used to buy the CPK frozen pizzas until the topping disappeared.  So I stopped buy them and switched to Red Baron.  BTW. Very happy since I switched to Red Baron!!Okay, back to CPK..Now, I visit for the first time in over 8 years. I went to the location at Town Square. After a 40 minute wait, we were seated.  I didn't mind the wait since we bought an iMac from the Apple Store while waiting.  I also had enough time to shop at The Container Store.  Okay, maybe the wait was more than 40 minutes. We were seated in a nice booth.  We had an opportunity to look at the menu and were greated by a waitress that was quiry to say the least. She had a quite intensity. I dare not upset her. I was extra nice to her and she seemed to respomd well to the nice gesture. When my buddy's gf wasn't paying much attention, the server became aggitated.  I felt then need to apologize for the gf's lack of attention.Anyways, the meal was good.  The toppings were thick. The only was that the server disappeared for long periods.  Our drinks ran empty three times and nobody was to be found. She also took a long time to bring and process the check.  The whole process from start to finish took two hours. We only ordered two pizzas and some drinks.  My friend did not like his Bloody Mary. I had strawberry tea, which was good.  Normally, I would be unhappy about the long wait and the even longer service, but at least I had already accomplished my shopping and we weren't late for the movie we came to see.  Maybe we saved money since the girls didn't have time to shop.I wouldn't visit this CPK again.  Good food, bad everything else.  There are tons of great restaurants at the outlet mall down the street.
4	Yes, it is a chain, but I have to give stars to this location.Located at Town Square Las Vegas right across from the Container Store. There is also a separate entrance door for just take-out!There are many around Las Vegas, but this location is by far my favorite. The servers are always polite, quick, and attentive. I have never had a bad experience here.Now, the reason I am writing this review is because little things matter to me as well.Recently, they have came out with a new menu and a few things were scratched off.. including my absolutely favorite Tomato & Basil Spaghettini. When I had questioned our server about this, she wasted no time telling me that they would still be able to make it for me anytime I came in even if it was off the menu. So THANK YOU for that :DI have been to this location so many times for lunch dates, dinner dates, catch ups, birthdays, etc and it is always a pleasant experience. So thanks for being you CPK.A list of my favs:- Caesar Salad- Spinach & Artichoke Dip with Tortilla Chips (definitely needs to be shared)- Tomato & Basil Spaghettini- Jambalaya Fettucine- RED VELVET CAKE with Vanilla Ice Cream
4	I have never really had a bad experience at any CPK location.  This place didn't disappoint.  Only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because there is always a wait here.  But it's in a busy area so I accept it.  I just wish it didn't have a wait. The prices are the same and food is consistent.  I love there salads and appetizers here.This is a great place for you and your friends to come in have a few drinks and appetizers then go shopping around at Town Square.  Great family atmosphere. The staff is really nice and always polite. One time the staff gave me a free velvet cake because of the wait.  Didn't expect that and it was a pleasant surprise.
4	Always a great place to go. The pizza is consistent and delicious!! California Club pizza is my standby and so is the spinach dip, nom nom nom
5	This CPK located in the center of Town Square mall is like any other CPK. Not to say it is bad but a very typical solid experience you get at any national chain restraunt. My review is of their new gulten free menu.It is awesome! They have for pizzas to chose from: BBQ chicken, pepperoni, margherita, and mushroom pepperoni sausage. Right when you you walk and ask the hostess for a gf menu they know what you are talking about, which is nice. The waiters are also well trained and very familiar with the gluten free options. When ever you order gluten free the manager comes over and explains their process of avoiding cross contamination and then hand delivers the pizza to you.The pizza are delicious and high quality. They use a different  gluten free crust, it is about 14 inches in diameter and tastes just like a regular thin crust pizza, or so my girlfriend  says.Keep it up CPK! Thank for being serious about your gluten free options.
3	The place is located at the south side at townsquare, if you enter from the main entrance you can't miss it.Came in on a weekend lunch and the place wasn't too busy and was immediately sat down. Waiter was average too, like many of the other reviews my lady's favorite pizza was removed and they couldn't do anything to make it again :( . The wait for food was pretty long and when it came it honestly wasn't anything too special. We ordered the garlic cream fettuccine and the california club. They didn't taste too bad, but they were very average.  The portions are a little bigger than the norms so you'll end up with some take home :DOverall nothing too bad about this place and nothing too spectacular.
5	Easy parking for Town Square.  Great service, food and wine.  Salted Carmel dessert was amazing.  It would be great if they had expresso or cappuccino to go with their fabulous desserts. With the exception of the bday singing and Saturday night wait, it didn't feel like a chain.
2	it should be a 2.5, not a 3 star. Great location, clean, friendly. it was a Sat afternoon, not too busy. We ordered three soups, Bianco Flatbread pizza and Pesto Cream Penne.Service was marginal even though she tried. Water glass went empty, took a long time for food. when food arrived soups were hot, pasta was warm and the flatbread pizza was barely warm.  Our waitress was very pleasant, replaced our flatbread with a smile, but did not check back with us for sometime, we requested additional pesto sauce - brought it 10 minutes later. Overall: Nice location; very clean; friendly; food presentation good, food was okay (pesto pasta was good); service just okay. I will not go back, there are many other choices. Sorry California Pizza Kitchen
4	I was surprised that I didn't have any trouble getting a seat for the lunch rush. Really loved the Caesar salad! Our server was very attentive. They had a problem with the radio though and, while trying to sorry it out, it briefly sounded like a rock concert blaring. Luckily, that didn't take away from the meal.
4	Really good food! I am surprised to hear about poor service as our server was friendly and our food came out SUPER fast!!!! We will definitely be back!!
4	I had a gift card and decided to place an order for pick-up. This CPK is located in Town Square. There is a pick-up door, but if there is parking near it I couldn't find it. Crowded is the proper word for Town Square! With no parking spot in sight and tons of people wandering around, hubby dropped me off out front. I was greeted when I walked in and the food was ready. The pizza came in a to-go carrier with handles that was very convenient. I ordered the "Untraditional Cheese Pizza" priced at $9.75 that was cheesy and good. Most pizzas with more than one cheese have a smokey type of cheese on it and this one didn't, which I loved. Simple and good! You can place your pick-up order over the phone or online. The online ordering is very user friendly.
4	Great place to eat! Food is quick and friendly staff. Only had one bad experience here but they ended up comp.ing our meals and gave us two free entrees with drinks for later.
5	love it here. i always order the same thing and its always awesome everytime!
5	We stopped going as much to CPK because they got rid of my husbands favorite pizza..  Buffalo chicken and really haven't found something as good.  Thought we'd stop in last night while shopping in TS and couldn't have had a better experience. Our server Rachel was amazing. So friendly!!  Customer service is a huge deal for us.. Thanks Rachel for making our experience worth coming back.
2	The location is the best thing about this place.  I know it is a chain but I expected much more.  The customer service from the hostess was good very pleasant and smiled the whole time.  the customer service from the waitress on the other hand was not up to par.  she seemed to be having a bad day.  My drink order was wrong that's an easy fix but then my meal was wrong too.  I ordered the Hawaiian pizza and got the thai chicken pizza instead.  I brought it to her attention but ate it anyway cause at this point I just wanted to get the hell out of there.  Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.  I think I would give this place one more chance and update my review.
3	This is one of my favorite places to go when shopping. I always get the same thing but this time I was with a friend so we shared a pizza. We got there during the lunch rush and there was a 10 min wait. That was all fine. When my name was called the host said is outside ok? It was a bit cold in the shade and windy so I asked to be inside. She responded with "well outside is all that's available! You'll have to wait another 15!" She wasn't to pleasant about us wanting to sit inside. I really dislike when hosts act like that at a restaurant. My server was very sweet and friendly. Food was good as usual. My experience was great other then the host with a serious attitude. Don't worry, I'll still be back.
4	I love their Caesar salad with salmon pieces added. I also like the artichoke dip with pita bread or the chips and the Jamaican jerk pizza.  My kids love the pizza. I also have had the butter cake with ice cream. It sounds nasty but after I had a piece of my friends I have to eat that in special occasions cause I trying to stay fit. Lol.
3	I've been coming to this CPK ever since it first opened, which was when Town Square first opened. Granted, I don't go THAT often but on and off -- usually with friends or family. I typically prefer this location over the one at Fashion Show Mall only because I hate venturing towards the direction of the strip. Not only that but this location is bigger. However, I don't have a single memory of exceptional service from this establishment. Not once in the amount of odd years it's been around. In fact, I remember one time, when I went with friends, no one came to our table for a LONG while (not even for drink orders) so what did we do? Build a fort out of the menus. I know, we were so immature but funny thing was, that didn't get their attention. I just recently came back to dine at this establishment with my family after being away from Las Vegas for three years, and I gotta say... the service certainly hasn't improved. I gotta admit, it's not as busy as it used to be, but it still took a LONG while for any server to acknowledge our existence after we got seated. There was nothing wrong with the hostess, but there was something wrong with the waitresses. I think it took so long that ANOTHER waitress that wasn't OUR waitress came to take our orders because no one else helped us. Which caused a little confusion later on when the food arrived. Other than that, everything else went fine. After we got our food, we were happy campers. Speaking of the food, it is pretty on point. It's pretty good. One of my favorite is their bolognese pasta. Sometimes I like to ask for them to make it spicy, in which they add pepper flakes to the pasta. Always turns out yummy. The garlic cream fettuccine is also another favorite of mine but sometimes, the flavor can be so-so. Oh, their tiramisu never disappoints either :) Not a bad place. Not a fabulous place. Still great to eat at with family and friends when you want some CPK. Gotta have patience though.
1	Tried to use no stars but wouldn't let me. 4 min wait after we were seated and the place is only 1/2 full. The worst part: they stopped selling Mountain Dew! Never coming back, bad service, high price, and no Mountain Dew. The pizza is not much better than the frozen and it's way quicker to run to the store and cook it than waiting in the restaurant! Used to love this place:(
5	I try to have lunch at CPK when I'm in town for business since I can walk around the shops and I'm close to the airport. The salads are always good. The staff is friendly and I love sitting outside!
2	Had a gift card and finally got down to Town Center to use it. Ordered garlic parm chicken pizza and a spinach artichoke dip with white pita bread. Bill came to 27 dollars and change. They told me to the food would be ready at 5, I had ordered around 4:45 pm. I got there at 5:10 because I parked in the wrong lot. The pizza was in the oven ready. I couldnt believe it when he pulled it out. It was a bar pie - I was expecting something a bit larger. He brought the spinach dip over and put both in a bag and said I had to wait on the bread. A full ten minuted later he brought the bread over - he should have at least left the pizza in the pizza warmer  while I wait, at least it would have been warm when I got home. The pizza was nothing special - it was ok , the spinach dip was excellent and the pita (the only thing that actually was still warm when I got home) was good as well. I didn't like the price, I expected leftovers for $27 I made quick work of the pizza ,dip and bread and was still a little hungry.
4	Came here with coworkers for lunch today. Waited 10mins to sit down, ordered 3 pizzas, CA club, Ca veggie and Sicilian. They are all good, perfect amount for 5 ppl,$50 before tips. The whole lunch took about 1hour and 15mins. It took about 15-20mins to get our good, I guess they are really busy.
2	Being on a pizza kick, we are looking for high quality pizza around the valley. The pizza at cpk is about the same quality as some of the other high end chains. The problem here was the service. Unfortunately, our pizza s came out wrong (I had the BBQ chicken with no cheese and hubby the meat cravers, regular.) they reversed the order and his got no cheese. After we flagged down the server, sge apologized and sent them back. Unfortunately, again, she could not keep our drinks full. At one point, I waited so long for a refill, my pizza got cold waiting for a drink. Hubby had to eat  the second half of pizza with nothing to wash it down. His refill never came until after he was done. Very disappointing :(
3	California Pizza Chicken... in Nevada!! (get your own pizza chicken  ....)Went here for my cousins graduation dinner with a party of about 17, and we all ended up sitting outside in the patio, SEPARATELY. It would have been nicer if they could have seated all of us at one big table formed by many little ones, instead separating the whole family. ;(I ended up sitting with my dad and uncle, both who ordered fish tacos while I ordered the wild mushroom pizza. All which came with complimentary bread and oil. Let me cut to the chase:- WILD MUSHROOM PIZZAI was very disappointed after trying this pizza. The crust may have been perfectly soft, but for 13.99? I don't think so. It was not even that good.- FISH TACOSI stole one of my dad's fish taco's and thought they were bomb. The two avocado slices helped finish me off into oblivion. However, the tortilla and fish was a little to dry for me.- BREAD AND OILAll though these were complimentary, I actually enjoyed eating these more than the pizza and tacos. The bread might have been a little too hard on the outside, but it was so dam soft on the inside. Combined with the oil, I would have been fine just eating this instead of the main dishes!!- SERVICEI think something was wrong with our server.. She told me that my pizza will be out "shortly". I soon realized she said that 20 minutes ago. 20 minutes is not short!!!!My uncle also asked for a refill for his beer, which ended up taking 10 minutes to refill -_-. She didn't even apologize!!
2	I'm not a great fan of Pizza and my gals suggested we go to CPK out of convenience. There were tons of children there, very kid friendly. Our server Zammy was great and accommodated all our requests. She provided excellent service. The food in General was mediocre, just not that great. For a national brand chain it was disappointing. I had the Italian chopped salad which was $10 for a half portion, not that I'm gluttonous but it is as if they split half of a half order. My friend ordered the spaghetti and it was dry. Their notable BBQ chicken pizza in which I tried to just see what the rave was all about. Point blank there is nothing worth raving. Personally, it's overrated and I rather just go to Brio.
4	We came here for a fast meal before a movie. My wife and I each ordered a salad (it was really hot outside so not a good day for pizza). They have a small plates menu. I got a wedge.It was more than I counted on as a small plate. Absolutely delish. I also got a small plates flat bread (spinach and artichoke). Really good!
5	Had a business lunch here today with a couple of other Freedom-preneurs as we masterminded how to take over the city.  This was my first time at CPK but loved it!!  I'll be backAlthough the place was busy, we got excellent service from Aaron.  One of our party was late and Aaron was very patient and kept our drinks filled. One of us had a small child (2 years old) and Aaron was very sweet and funny with her.  The food was AWEsome (Hawaiian Pizza for me) came out fresh , hot and very tasty. Love the location in Town Square and had I had more time, I'd have been looking around at all the great stores there.  If you are down in or around the strip area, enjoy pizza, pasta, etc.  This is your place.  Have the most awesome incredible dessert too. Enjoyed very much!!
5	Had Aaron as our server. Himself as a server deserved a five stars!  He gave us great feed back on the dishes we were debating on.. Pure delicious-ness! Deff try the Caribbean sangria! Hate sweet drinks but this was just yum!  Great food & desserts overall.
5	Only been here twice and both times had the California Avocado Egg Rolls. Crispy open-end rolls with filling of diced, grilled chicken, diced tomatoes, avocado chunks, and bits of bacon. Two dipping sauces--I liked the Ranch. These appetizers are delicious and more than enough as a meal for one.
3	I've been to a lot of different pizza kitchens across America and honestly I have to say that this was the last place to try on my list. Now I definitely regret even putting this on my to do list, or my "tackle the yummy" list.It's a typical Sunday in Las Vegas, hot and windy. I Mountaintown Square on Las Vegas Blvd. and I'm hungry. So of course I would love to go try something new. Hence California pizza kitchen. So my mother arrives we decide to go in and try it. All I can say is disappointing! The food lackluster and locked flavor. The presentation was less than heart. And the prices were outrageous. Not to mention their major competitor is Sammy's woodfired pizza. Sammy is offers gluten-free variations of pastas and crusts to appeal to a wider variety of people. To my surprise California pizza kitchen only has five pizzas that you can get the gluten-free crust and has absolutely no other gluten-free menu and no gluten-free pasta. Being a celiac this was disappointing! Now let's talk about the service. The gentleman seated us was very nice and the weather was nice but completely uneducated in anything that has to do with any aspect of anything Culinary. When I inquired about if they had pasta that was made without me because my son had a dairy allergy he replied "well the only pasta with diary is going to be our fettuccine Alfredo or mac & cheese."obviously I know that Alfredo and macaroni and cheese obviously has "cheese" and has Dairy. So why would I order that for my son? Wouldn't. Again I stated "no, my son has all dairy allergies including eggs. So again that your pasta have eggs?" He quickly ran to go check and came back and stated that all their pasta egg. Again very disappointing.All in all besides the lack of a gluten-free menu, the lack of ambience, the lack of an educated staff, and the outrageous prices, the food  was lack luster and was not visually appealing. Tasteless food never is a recipe for success. Maybe there other restaurants have better chefs? Maybe that's how they got so big? I'm not sure, however I am not on the California pizza kitchen bandwagon!
4	This is one of my favorite places to go for salads. I'm a sucker for a good salad and they certainly have them here. Although my wasn't made right at this location it's still one of my favorites.  I love the Roasted vegetable salad with Salmon and the BBQ Chicken salad.
4	While I have eaten at this location and it is fine (yes, kind of loud and lots of kids), my review is for CPK in general.  I agree it is a little pricey for what you get, so we only go very infrequently.  One of my biggest peeves is restaurants that do not have a cravable dish.Well, I love, love, love the waldorf chicken salad and the chicken tostada pizza (with the original crust, they changed it to flat bread, do not order it this way). As for cpk in general, they can very few and far between have the chain syndrome of off food or staffing, their soda (also like many chains places is horrible) and their "free" bread, that oddly is only served sometimes, is also dry and tasteless, so I am glad that more than not it is not presented because i love bread and don't want to bother eating it.  We have rarely gotten other menu items, when with larger groups we order other random ones and enjoy them....the blt, the buffalo chicken (I think this is gone too) come to mind.  They took my husbands favorite of the sweet sausage and onion off the menu.  That also seems to be a problem for chains....when something works don't change it.....put the tostada pizza back on the original crust or people might not know how good it is.
5	Had a wonderful family dinner and dessert here. *Kevin* the waiter was the friendliest, most accommodating waiter I've ever encountered! Thumbs up.
1	We have been going up CPK for years when residing in California. This is the first experience here in Las Vegas. And it ended on a very negative note. Food was acceptable. Service acceptable. When we paid for the dinner, our credit card was "lost"!!! They searched for 1/2 hour and never found it. I left my name phone number and address with the manager and specifically asked for an update if they found it. Never happened. I canceled my card. Next day I called to see if they found it and magically they found it in the check cover with the bill. But they hadn't gotten around to calling and may never have had I not called them first. I'm very disappointed on the follow through and more at having to cancel my card wait for a new one and then not be informed of the originals finding. They have not earned my return especially the poor handling of the card and the complete lack of follow up. The manager needs to do immediate retraining and when things like this happen, have in place mechanisms that fix the problem, customer, and affix responsibility for follow through!!
1	Food was good for the price paid. I however will not be returning to a CPK after my last three experiences. A few friends and myself were seated next to the server station where the input orders on the receipts.. Little did I realize it was gossip central of the customers they were serving. I found out that Greg doesn't tip well enough, Sandy smelt like a wet rag, and last but not least a manager was having an affair... All things I did not need to know. Unfortunately this was not my first run in and will not be returning.
2	I used to love this place when I was younger, but I recently came here for lunch and the food downgraded a lot. I got the california club pizza (I think) and there was way too much spinach on top of the pizza as a 'topping'. They kept falling off and it didn't have any flavor either. We also got the peach salad and I just really didn't like it because of the cottage cheese and raisins. But the complimentary bread we got was great. The sauce that comes with it is my favorite sauce; I even make it at home sometimes. Although the food wasn't outstanding, our server was beyond amazing; he took really good care of us.
4	Our waiter Kevin was really nice. Not to mention he was cute as well :) but anyway, he always came to check on us if we were okay. Food was good as always :) Good CPK location
5	Came in yesterday for an early dinner. I've been going to various Cpks in the past and even though their menu has changed and portions got smaller is time I must say that yesterday was one of the best times yet! Kevin, our server was awesome. Very kind, polite, and informative about the menu! Wish they had more Kevin's out there. Food came out quick and Kevin checked up on us time to time. Let me tell you, not once had we had to ask for anything because he was on top of it! Very much appreciate that!!
5	Today my mom and I have experienced the most pleasurable eating experience of our lives! Our server Antonio did such an amazing job at making sure we were okay and checked up on us at right appropriate times. We did not feel overwhelmed or rushed either which is always nice. The service was incredible and it was great to see all the staff work as a TEAM! :) Our food in turn came out just as delicious!!!My mom got the Pesto Cream Penne which she said was not drowning in too much sauce and she pretty much devoured it all! I had the Fish Tacos w/ avacado which, by the way I can see why it is a CPK favorite! Just the right amount fish and it came with salsa and chips. Boy, that was mouth watering! We also enjoyed a couple of drinks along with our meals. To be specific mango mojito, strawberry mango cooler and a strawberry rhubarb martini and whoever the bartender is THANK YOU! Drinks were not over powering but tasted flavorful! We ended the meal with this amazing butter cake!!!! Off the chain....no joke its just the right amount of decadent w/ a hint of deadly ;) Overall, such a great afternoon and the ability of the staff to work as a team and smiles all around really reflected upon the food which was beyond amazing :) We also got to meet the manager Haley who was super delightful! You have return customers for sure CPK!! :)
5	My husband and I had a very pleasant experience here last week. We had been walking around Town Square for awhile and became a little tired and hungry. Pizza sounded good to us, so we ended up here at CPK. Our hostess was good about getting our drinks started right away. She answered all of our questions in a prompt and friendly manner. She was also really attentive about refilling our drinks.We ordered a pizza, half California Club, and half the Works. Please keep in mind that these pizzas are medium-sized, so you get 6 slices total. My husband had the Works: a take on supreme pizza. He liked it, but wasn't wowed by it. I had the California Club and I cannot express in words how good it was! It comes with bacon, cheese, romaine tossed in lemon pepper mayonnaise, and it is topped with avocado. The avocado and romaine were super fresh and the lemon pepper mayonnaise was the bomb! I liked it so much that as soon as I got home from the restaurant, I searched for a recipe for it with no avail, unfortunately. Hahaha. Great service and good food. I'll be back if I find myself in the area again.
2	Exactly what I expected from CPK, inflated prices, similar menu to what they had 5-10 years ago, and no attention to detail.My friend started with the wedge salad on the small plates menu. I could see the water dripping off of the lettuce and all the ingredients appeared to be thrown on the plate. Not a good value for almost $6. Next came our entrees, the oriental chicken salad and Hawaiian BBQ chicken pizza. Once again, both dishes did not appear thoughtfully made. My salad contained iceberg lettuce, carrots, cabbage, and chicken the only substantial ingredient. The salad was exactly like a mix from the grocery store. The dressing was fine although a little heavy for the ingredients in the salad. My friend was also underwhelmed with her pizza. Her pizza was soaked in BBQ sauce, it was undercooked, and you could tell the quality of the mozzarella was low by the plastic like texture. CPK I waited years to give you another try to see if the quality and thoughtfulness of your dishes had improved but I see the price of your food is still too high for the ambiance, quality, and plating of your dishes.
2	Very little Salmon on Ceasar salad for $15. Pizza came to us cold 20 minutes after they brought salad. Overpriced, but good atmosphere. Waitstaff young and not trained well. Ordered from one guy and by the end of the meal five people had stopped by our table. We didn't know who was waiting on us. Overall, the service was good, the food marginal, and the parking to get there atrocious.
5	Delicious food and courteous service provided by staff from the beginning to end of your dining experience. We are excited for the brand to be opening in Summerlin as well as we have frequented Town Square as a local destination.
5	This is a great place for all occasions. Great prices, great food, and great ambiance. Try the Kung Pao spaghetti, it's BOMB!!!!!
5	From the host , Manager , and our Server (Tracey) we were greeted with such excellent customer service! My family and I will definitely be coming back
1	have tried this place twice now. CPK is usually ok especially with their gluten free pizza options. sadly this one is horrible. Mac and cheese bites are dry and they don't give you enough cheese sauce and a pizza that was ordered to be gluten free was not as it's made my wife who has celiacs sick. The quesadilla was so dry and rubbery I could have folded it into a hockey puck. Bleah. no one was happy with their meal. note this was a take out order on both occasions so maybe they are better inside?
5	The food was great,  but our server was amazing! Anthony was on the ball.  Our drinks were never empty, our food was fresh and great,  and he was in a great mood. Our server Anthony is the reason we want to go back.  The food was great and something different for us and we want to check out some of the other food they have.  If our server wasn't as great as he was might not have wanted to.
1	These guys suck! Horrible people, horrible service. Do waste your time or money! Did not enjoy the experience period! Try a vending truck for better luck!
