4	We've been going to Northside for years...great pizza, medium-thick crust Detroit style, with a crispy crust when it comes out hot from the oven.  If you like thin crust you can order one too.  Their salads are fresh and crisp and the ranch dressing gets rave reviews from my kids.  The staff claims they make the ranch fresh everyday from scratch.  Great chicken fingers and their fries are always good.  They have sandwiches and pasta too but the pizza is their forte.  It's one of the few mom and pop places here in Vegas that is truly homemade and delicious.
4	Northside Nathan's serves up a very good thick crust pie.  Unfortunately, I could never take my father here since there is Michigan stuff all over the walls and my dad was a big Ohio State fan.The lunch special is a good value.
5	This is probably one of my favorite pizza places in Vegas.  Their deep dish is super yum (Sky Masterson or Pepperoni and Garlic are the best).  Their chicken wings are also the best I've had in Vegas.  It's a bit pricey but well worth it.
2	Tastes just like Pizza Hut, except square.  Good grub food.  Not sure if it's a correct representation of Detroit pizza, but Lil Skeeza's (Ceasars), also from Detroit, is GREAT, better grub.  Flavored crust and crazy bread, WHAT?!!!!!!
2	I used to love this place a lot. They're a bit on the expensive side, but the pizza was great. Not NY pizza great, but great for what it was. I picked up a pie on Tuesday (6/2/09) and it was devoid of flavor. Not the first time this happened. What makes a pizza place great in my opinion is consistency. I've dined in a few times and the staff seemed annoyed and came off as rude.I'm officially done with Northside Nathans.
4	Delicious pizza. My relatives enjoy all the pasta and salads and such, but Im there for PIZZA so I guess its safe to say all their food is great! Very worth the price. Not that expensive but its definitely not Pizza Hut
4	This place is a little slice of Detroit, minus the Robocops and crushing unemployment rates.  Their hot wings are really delicious, but be sure to ask for more hot sauce if you're going to get them delivered.   They can be sparing at giving that up.The pizza itself is okay, nothing super special -- though when hungover, it does magic.  Combine with the wings and NFL playoffs to create a really fun environment when eating there!   PS:  If you put a little ranch and hot sauce on their Guys and Dolls pizza, you will increase the deliciousness 10x.  Definitely try it out on sports nights!  PS:  Large is LARGE.  Huge. Feeds three people and leaves half leftover.
5	Being originally from Michigan, this is one of the best pizza places I can find here in Las Vegas.  I have been to both locations (the other is on Flamingo & Fort Apache) and both are delicious!  This location is bigger with a bar, where the other location is MUCH smaller and no bar.  Even though I prefer round-shaped pizza (and I'm pretty sure almost every pizza place in Michigan is round-shaped) this square pizza is the only I will eat!Our friends that are originally from Las Vegas love it too!We also get their Caesar Salad- which is good.  Salad & Pizza- can it get any better?  Its definitely a casual place, refill your own drinks, but they serve your food and they clean up your table when you leave.  You never feel rushed and you could hang out for a while.They also deliver!If you don't want the regular chain pizza (Pizza Hut makes me ill!) then this is the place to try!
4	Came in for a bite before doing some grocery shopping at Whole Foods (I know, I know..pizza and WF sounds contradictory). They are doing lunch specials where you get a 6inch 2 topping pizza and a drink for $6.85.You can add fries or onion rings for $1 or a side salad for $2 and some change. We added on the onion rings and those came out pretty fast. Not bad, but a tad cooked too long so it was on the harder side of crunchy. BF and I got to share one with salami and jalapenos and one with meatballs and olives. The crust was crunchy and it came out piping hot and quick. It's "kinda" Detroit style, more inspired I feel, a bit different than what I actually can get in Detroit. What it reminds me more of is the deep dish my elementary used to make. That's not meant to be a bad thing- my school made fresh (not packaged Tony's frozen) squares with pepperoni bits and I thought that was the best thing ever.It was a nice throwback to my school days, was decent of a lunch meal at a good price, but it isn't my preferred deep dish around. The server was nice as well so 3.5 stars. I'm a fan, but it is just a-ok.
4	Being from DETROIT... i have some credibility here... There is no such thing really as "Detroit" styled Pizza. I think JADE W. is thinking of Chicago ..no offense fellow yelper... the influence might just be from the family recipe originating in Detroit.. just seemed odd to have an expert on Detroit pizzerias... yelp is new to me but there are A LOT of "EXPERTS" for sure..... not trying catch the attention of the Food Network as a critic however... point is....... Super clean fun place and honestly great pizza... Nicely Nicely for example is sooo tasty.. fresh mozz, fresh port mushroom, fresh garlic, chicken, GREAT crust. Ordered a few pizzas to go and like nearly ALL things you take home with you they just aren't the same the crust is so crisp but its heavy and gets a touch saturated at home as expected...thats a bummer but not the reason for the 4. Its not a 5 only since the sauce is more crowd pleasing. I enjoy a bit more of a earthy sauce.... and I cant make it rain 5's! Best pizza in Vegas by far regardless after 6 months in LV
3	THE PIZZA WAS SQUARE!! That's not really a problem LoL and the food is all good nasty junk food like you'd want from a place like this. Cool atmosphere for what it is too. Trans-friendly- yea sure. maybe a few customers would be dumb but the staff is very nice :)
4	gotta say... consistent consistent ...despite other Expert Defensive Yelpers opinions who trust sites like Wikipedia (which is written by other self proclaimed experts)...who know all about what the pizza scene is like in Detroit I say to you this.......square rectangle round and even heart shaped pizza can be found a plenty out there...the deep pan is a Chicago thing that is sprinkled around in Detroit area.. these guys do it square and the pan style was super fresh and had a great great great crust like normal. Latest try was Sky Masterson... Anti Pasta (bit too acidic for me but huge portion nonetheless)  This personal pan was so so good.  Just wish there were more herbs going on to intensify the flavors - the sauce is just a smidge too sweet on each tray but I understand why they do it.. this is def a kids/family spot.Thanks NN Pizza for taking me home!
4	Had a weird experience at Northside Nathan's last night.  Bought a restaurant.com GC which you have to dine in to use.  Drove over around 9pm, seeing that they were open until 10pm on restaurant.com.  Showed up and there was a sign saying dine in only until 8:30pm, take out after.  Turns out they were painting the inside, so we had to get our pizza to go.  Luckily, the girl honored the GC anyway.This place is so close to my house, I don't know how I've never been here before.  Got a large deep dish pepperoni, and it was really, really good.  $22 though after tax?  Glad I got my $10 off GC.  Seemed a little pricey, though a steal with the GC.Very buttery flavor.  Mmmm.
4	I've eaten here many times and had the Pizza, which I rate 4 Stars.  However, this most recent visit I decided to try the Thunderbird Sandwich $8.35 (Baked Chicken Breast, Ham, Pepperoni, Cheese) w/Lettuce, Tomato, Fries on the side for an extra $1.00.After a short wait, they brought out the food.  The Sandwich was piping hot....and looked so good!  I had to let it cool off for a minute because I didn't want to burn the hell out of my tongue.  It cooled off and I took a bite....WOW!  The combination of Baked Chicken, Ham, and Pepperoni was amazing!  The sharp flavor of the Pepporoni complimented the slightly salted Ham and perfectly baked Chicken Breast.  The Cheese and the Bread put it over the top!The Fries were pre-fab crinkle Fries and were nothing special....I'll pass on them next time.Overall, I was impressed by their Sandwich.  I already love their Pizza.  I would give them 4.5 Stars if I could.Will I return?  There are a bunch of other Sandwiches I want to try....hell yeah!
5	Service is friendly and accurate. I been inhaling their pizza for years now.  The vegetarian is the best I ever tasted. Their home made ranch is to die for! The salads are huge! And the fries are worth the wait. I definitely recommend this place. Great food!
4	Been coming here for my lunch breaks from work as a getaway to catch up on espn sports since they have 4 hd screens.The folks that work here know their regulars and treat everyone with fam oriented service. I like the cozy feeling and vibe. It's close-to-tavern design is what makes it humble. it takes between 10-20 minutes to get food. but guess what this place has. old school arcade games to kill time. dank.as for their eats, lets start with their breaded wings. perfectly fried to give that texture so when you bite in, its crispy shell and  juiciness in the middle makes each wing 'lish ('lish short for delicious). their wings dont have hot sauce, which comes on the side. tastey enough to have on its own. they give as many ramikens of ranch or bleu cheese as you need. and allow me to say, they have by far the best side of ranch compared to any other ranch ive tried. their pizza is deep and rich, so cheesey, 2 slices can be filling. i gave one less star, because i personally would love a billiard table in here. and ive never been to or tried actual detroit pizza so i couldn't compare. :)
5	My boyfriend is gunna hate me for this but, I say their wings are way better than mad onion. Please hear me out before you can start judging me.. I love their wings for it's lightly breaded crust, which is crispy to perfection. And the meat is always tender and juicy for being the dark meat. I guess the only downfall is their prices are moderate for a limited number of wings.I love ranch, so I guess that makes me a ranch connoisseur. Thus, I love their ranch. It has this garlicy hint to it. I usually mix it with a little bit of the buffalo sauce. And to upgrade my fries, I smother em with parmesan cheese. I've never been to Chicago, but it definitely has that kind of vibe. It's great for families and they have huge servings. Not only are the wings great, but their pizza is mighty tasty as well.Not a lot of people notice this, but there's a huge parking lot in the back. You know, just incase it's packed in the front.
2	Called this location prior to visit, the boy that answered the phone was so rude we didn't even want to go. Food is good so we gave 2 stars.
3	on our quest to find the best pizza in LV, we recently tried Northside Nathan's.  We started with the small Antipasto salad advertised to serve 2-3.  Four of us ate plenty and still had some to take home.  It was tasty, topped with cheese and salami cubes.  We then ordered the chicken wings which were flavorful and crispy.  We ordered the veggie pizza and the roasted chicken pizza.  Both were good, but I would have like the sauce to be better..  I would come back again when I desire deep dish pizza, but we are still on the hunt for the best pizza in LV; as this was not it!
5	Since Tenaya Creek Brewery doesn't serve food, we ordered delivery from Northside Nathan's, which is nearby.  After browsing the menu, we decided to get a Large 1/2 Guys & Dolls (Sausage, Pepperoni, Onions) & Veggetarian (Onions, Peppers, Mushrooms, Tomatoes, Olives).....$24.  They told us 45 min to 1 hour.....not bad during the Super Bowl.The food didn't seem to take long to deliver.....we anxiously tore open the box and started to dive into it....it was very very good!  The crust is thick like Sicilian style Pizza and is fluffy and full of flavor.  The Pizza is square-cut and holds the toppings well on the crust.  It hit the spot!Easily one of my favorite Pizza & Sandwich joints in town.Return Factor - 100%
4	All I can say is WOW. I enjoy pizza just as much as everyone else. But I like the fact that the pizza is think, airy and flaky.  The sauce is a little on the sweet side but with the toppings I feel it equals out. I recently went here for a friends birthday and have to say it blows and pizza hut, papa johns or dominoes our of the water. We had the antipasto salad with plenty of vine ripe tomatoes and tons of little bite sized salami and cheese. But as another reviewer said the dressing is a little acidic therefore I suggest using only about half of it. We also had some of their wings; that unlike most pizza joints are of the breaded variety instead of the fried or oven baked. The breaded wings are fried to perfection, light and crisp but are not spicy as the sauce comes on the side. Our pizza was their classic Guy and Doll (sausage, pepperoni, onion) and was fantastic. For those who don't normally like square deep dish give this joint a try. I did and have deemed it one of my favs.
5	Been coming here for years. Love it. Even though im from Chicago and this is a detroit place, they have really good pizza and wings. My friends and I ordered nicely nicely and gangsta choice pizzas. We also got onion rings and wings as well. It is a small place but I love that they always show all different sports on the tv's.
4	While in Las Vegas for the International Pizza Expo we had to stop by Northside Nathan's, so we hooked up with some pizza loving friends from the Detroit and hit the place up.  Before we left for the Expo we had been planning on checking this place out but we honestly didn't really have too high of hopes for it.  We found a couple of pictures of their pizza online and didn't think we would be impressed.Well, we could have not been further from being right on this place. The second we walked in we were greeted by the owners and shown some good ole Detroit hospitality. No they didn't try to sell us guns, drugs, join their gang, or any other dumb Detroit comment you can think of. These folks were warm and welcoming. The place just felt like we were back home.  The place was loaded with some great Detroit sports memorabilia and some big screen TVs.  The dining room was anchored by a very nice and well thought out mural of Detroit as well.  These were some guys that clearly hadn't forgotten where they had come from.  Even the beer on the menu paid homage to Detroit. So we were pretty happy before we even started to eat.We always order a pepperoni pizza (Detroit Style in this case).  I was a little disappointed to see them using Aluminum pans instead of the old-school Blue Steel pans that the famous Detroit Style places use like Cloverleaf and Buddy's.  They also put the sauce under the cheese which isn't true to the roots, but not the end of the world.  As we sat to wait for the pizza, the cheese bread came out.  It was some small bread loafs cut in half with some garlic butter and topped with some good tasting mozzarella cheese.  Nothing fancy but just plain good.  Around the same time I was finishing the bread, the pizza came.  The first bite reminded me of a little better tasting Jet's Pizza.  If you have ever had Jet's pizza you would know they do the deep dish pretty good.  Northside Nathan's featured a dough that was soft and airy, the sauce was clean and not over-seasoned, they really let the tomatoes do their thing with no strings attached.  The cheese was plentiful and baked to perfection, it tasted downright fantastic.In the end, there is very little that I could complain about at Northside Nathan's.  I think it's hard to get a good crunch on the bottom of the pie when you are baking with aluminum pans.  The overall flavor was very good and we were very happy that they are representing Detroit in a great way with some good food.  If you are ever in the Vegas area and craving some good pizza check them out.  Todd, Shirley, John and Craig will take good care of you.  We look forward to the great things they have to come in the future.  See you guys next year!
3	When I think of "deep dish", I automatically think of Chicago style where there are cheese and toppings galore.  Well, I'm not a pizza expert, nor have I ever tried Detroit style pizza before, I just love me some good pizza. And that is why this review is "A-OK".  There was just way too much crust for the amount of toppings in the "Sky Masterson (pepperoni, ham, sausage, and meatballs) and "Nicely Nicely's" (chicken, garlic, and mushroom) for my liking.  Thank God the ranch dressing was delicious, because that was the only way that I was able to eat the leftover crust once my toppings were devoured.  If you like thick crust- then you'll love Northside Nathan's.  We also ordered the chicken wings and those alone have me intrigued to come back.  We ordered take-out, but I still have a couple coupons and the atmosphere looks nice with all of the TVs- so I will try dining in, ordering a thin crust pizza instead.
4	I am a big fan of  great Chicago style pizza from Gino's or a New York style pizza pie from Ray's on 7th st.,but Detroit pizza can certainly hold it's own. Northside Nathan's is clearly underrated. The Motor -city style pizza is not round but square with a nice thin layer of tomato sauce followed by a great loving portion of cheese. Add whatever toppings you want to keep it simple or check out their signature pizza like the "Guys & Dolls" or the "Gangsters Choice." If you aren't a pizza fan (which I don't see why you wouldn't be) make sure you check out the rest of their menu! My own vital tip is beware repping other teams at Northside Nathans. The decor is all Detrioit 24/7! Tiger, Lions, Wolverines oh my!
4	Love this place...been comig here for years.The chicken wings here are great..great size and juicy as hell. Never do ya get those overfried dog toys!The Antipasta salad is bomb...simple..and packed with meat and cheese. Not to leave out what may be my favorite dressing for an antipasto  salad..ever.What of the pizza you ask? Its kick ass as well...nothing super spectacular but it is better than most places. Served square/rectangle several styles but fave is the mini so I can be a true tank and get wings and salad too!!Small bar inside but still family safe and they have a bazillion TV's to watch whatever you want.All in all...this is one of my staples in my food routines.
4	I love deep dish pizza, and square deep dish pizza is even better! Northside does Detroit style pizza which means it's deep and it's square (just like Detroit?). Their restaurant is decorated with Detroit gear set with an orange Detroit Tigers wall and a red Red Wings Wall (sorry Pistons, I didn't notice a wall for you) which is cool since they are my hubbies teams. You walk in and order at a window where the menu is located on a machine top or you can grab a menu. Then you can sit at any booth. We happened to have a Groupon for $20 so we got an 11 inch Guys and Dolls pizza, two fountain drinks, and hubby got a beer. With the groupon we only paid $4. The pizza is delevered to you and placed on a platform at your table. The deliciousness is hot so don't burn your tongue. I didn't think we would finish it all but three pieces for me and six pieces for him later and it's gone! If you love deep dish crust, the square-ness of the pizza gives you that extra crust love with the corner pieces. If you're not a big crust fan, go for the sans-crust middle pieces. Something for every pizza lover. When our lunch was done, they even gave us a customer appreciation coupon for the next time for a free mini-skinny pizza which is thin crust. They do have other things on the menu, but why do that when they're so good at pizza? Love it and would definitely go again!
3	Lunch-time service was poor at best. after 10 minutes I had to remind them I ordered a beer which 5 minutes later I found out they ran out of. The waitress spoke no English - zero. After my daughter received the wrong salad and sent it back she said her Caesar salad was "OK". Chicken finger appetizers were blah. fries were good. The pizza that I finally decided to have to go...Was great tasting!
2	This place is definitely  "meh"......had a pepperoni with chopped garlic, also an order of onion rings and garlic bread.  I"ll start with the pizza first.  It was just a notch above supermarket stuff.  Not worth the money, won't be back.The crust isn't my thing (too squishy and bleh), very bland flavor and I suspect the cheese on this  pie re-heated  for the second night is gonna be rubber.  (seemed to already be going that direction as I ate).  Could barely taste the garlic......it was there a bit, but not much.  Overall lacking in flavor and seasonings. Didn't even smell very pizza-ish.   The onion rings had practically NO TASTE which is difficult to do with onion rings, but they accomplished it here.  And the garlic bread was ......yucky.  soggy and not good.  I wish I'd saved the $34 this cost and bought a few grocery pizzas to shove in the freezer when I had a pizza craving....would have been just about as good.  Very disappointed because a lot of people apparently like this place but I'd skip it if you know the difference between good and meh pizza.  I didn't try anything else on the menu so maybe they do some things really well.....just not the pizza I ordered.  :( :(
1	Mediocre to bad - try Rocco's - don't waste your money here. Jeez, I'd almost go to Pizza Hut first.
4	Was here Sunday night for dinner.  I decided to try it because I had a gift certificate from Restaurant.com and I heard it was good pizza.  The restaurant is on the corner of Lake Mead and Buffalo next to smash burger.  Inside is pretty cool. They have a bar and booth seating with the walls decorated in Detroit sports stuff, and theres like at least 10 nice flat screens all over and a giant projector screen.  Most had the sunday games on, 1 had the nascar race, and 1 even had cartoon network (there were a couple tables with kids). So when you arrive you order at the window and just find a seat anywhere with your number. The fountain drinks are self service, I didn't order any beer so I'm not sure how the tab for that goes. (Too bad they aren't self service...amirite?)  Anyway we ordered a large appetizer sampler and a tri sampler pizza. The pizza is 9 squares and you can get 4 toppings of w/e on each row of 3. Pretty cool for sampling.  I got one with chicken bacon garlic and onion and it was the shit. Along with our 2 fountain drinks and minus my gift certificate, we ended up paying 20 bucks, or 10 each.  The food was enough for 2 EXTREMELY hungry people, or like 4 people that are normal. The appetizer sampler was a bed of crinkle fries with 4 huge onion rings, 4 shrimp poppers, 4 chicken wings, 4 chicken tenders, 4 mozzarella sticks. I think thats it.  The onion rings are tasty but the onion was very thick cut.  Everything else was kind of standard fare.  The pizza was very good. Not extremely greasy and the toppings are good quality. The crust had a nice crunch to it as well. I'll be back if I'm in the area for sure because its good food and good value.
1	I don't like this pizza no flavor compared to Napolis, verrazano, due forni, or Rocco's
1	This place has gone downhill significantly, sadly!!!  When we lived in this part of town some years back, we ate here occasionally, the pizza & service was always decent, good enough to enjoy once in awhile.  Then we moved across town so we didn't go as often, it wasn't convenient.  Over the past few years, the few times we went, it was okay... the sauce seemed different, but it was okay... good enough to eat, nothing to get excited about.  So we didn't go for quite some time.  The one thing that was always... always the same, when we ordered pepperoni, each square slice had 3 or 4 pieces of pepperoni on it.  Each time, we'd say "dang, next time we need to order double pepperoni" because I like lots more on my slices.  But we always forgot to order it that way.A couple of weeks ago, we were trying to decide what to eat, and I thought of Nathan's... we decided to give them another try, since it had been quite a while.  I actually remembered about the pepperoni this time, so we ordered a medium with DOUBLE pepperoni & light sauce... nothing else.Our pizza arrives... with 4 pieces of pepperoni on each slice... umm double??  But worse, the cheese was overpowering, it was like triple the normal amount of cheese.  When we said something, they argued & said "That IS double" and when we asked about the cheese, he said "Yeah, I put on extra cheese for you"... WHY?  We didn't ask for "extra" cheese, we don't LIKE a TON of cheese!   I said "this is not double, unless you've cut way back to only 2 pieces on each slice... we've always gotten 3-4 pieces per slice... this is nowhere near double. Paying for double should have had at least 5-6 pieces of pepperoni per slice.  The cook was very rude, took the pizza, grabbed a huge handful of cold pepperoni and dumped it all over the pizza... so now we had way too much, and it wasn't cooked into the pizza at all.  Because of being loaded down with cheese, it didn't taste too great either... all we could taste was cheese.  We ate just enough so we weren't starving anymore, and we  left the rest.Extremely disappointing visit... each time over the years has gotten worse, but this was the very worst!  Really bad service and terrible pizza!  They should have offered to re-make the pizza with the correct cheese & correct pepperoni, or refunded our money, they could have at the very least apologized... but no, they just get nasty & rude!  Very sad... they used to be a good, family run place... now just rude people making wrong pizzas and then they refuse to fix them when they screw up.  We won't be back again, they've used up their second & third chances, each time worse than the last.
5	One of my favorite pizza places in Las Vegas for deep dish pizza. Consistent taste and quality. Great toppings. Great atmosphere (at least at the Lake Mead location). Highly recommend!
1	This place was great.  Not sure if they got a new owner or a cheap one.  Could tell a difference in food quality, and they had the shittest forks!  If that cheap bastard bought those forks, he needs to get out of the industry.  So I recommend, if you want good food go somewhere else. Want a good laugh, go in and see the forks!
5	Just got the nicely nicelys pizza and a large fry. Pizza is amazing. Juicy flavorful chicken yummy mushrooms and big chunks of garlic. Ingredients were so good. Crust was perfect too.  Fries are just regular crinkle ones but atleast they were good! First time for delivery will atleast once a week!
3	This was a first time for a place really close to home.  I was a bit disappointed with the inside, which was kinda honky-tonk and dreary.  We shared a Nicely Nicely pizza and a salad.  The menu said Romaine blend, which I'm glad I noticed, since it meant iceberg.  Kudos to the kitchen for honoring our request to make it all romaine.The pizza was okay, with tasty chicken, mushrooms and garlic, but we're not great fans of square pizza and, after all we ARE New Yorkers by birth and upbringing, so most pizza pales by comparison. It was was acceptable, though the abundant cheese didn't taste like genuine mozzarella. Still, the crust was crispy, so it fit the bill.I ordered a glass of wine, since Sheila's Law stipulates that any food remotely Italian must be accompanied by wine.  It wasn't the best, but at 4 bucks a glass, I'm not complaining too loudly.
2	Ahh Detroit, home of the lust-worthy Ford Mustang, incredibly talented rapper Eminem, and sweet sweet old Motown music. Do you know what wasn't just on that list??? Pizza, that's what. And after trying Northside Nathan's, I can see why. Now I can come to one of two conclusions after eating there; either Northside Nathan's doesn't accurately represent Detroit style pizza (much the same way that a lot of "New York style" pizzerias in this town bear absolutely no resemblance to real New York pizza), or Detroit needs to stick to manufacturing the vehicles I love to drive, and leave the pizza to the big boys (New York and maybe I guess Chicago). The ambiance in this place is easily 3.5 to 4 stars. It's got a really cool decor. The service was also good. The counter girl was friendly and helpful. They also have lots of good promotions going on with coupons all over their website and on the pizza boxes. So those were the three redeeming qualities of Northside Nathan's. Unfortunately, after that everything came tumbling down. The crust was far from terrible, it actually was the most decent thing about the pizza. The most apparent problem was that the cheese was of the artificial blend variety. Whatever it was, I guarantee the box it came in didn't read "Whole Milk Mozzarella" or anything of the sort. The "meatball" topping was just that awful, flavorless crumbled ground beef topping. The sauce was barely existent, but maybe that's a good thing, because the little that I could taste was really sub par. I doctored it up with Parm, Red Pepper, Oregano, and Garlic Powder, but as Eminem once said "Nurse, we're losing him. Check the pulse!!" Alas, it was too late to save this terrible pizza. I won't swear off Detroit style pizza for good, but the chances of me returning to Northside Nathan's anytime soon are somewhere between Slim and Shady. P.S.- Something I learned from this experience... If a restaurant has a hard time not burning your fries, it probably isn't going to fare too well in the more difficult areas of the food menu.
4	Just got my za, it was awesome.  The driver was very nice as well.
4	The food was delicious and you get a bunch of food for the money. The only downfall was the booth seating was rather uncomfortable & the music was annoying!
1	I know Im a pizza snob and I have an extremely high standard when it comes to pizza, quality, quantity, freshness and ambiance.This place definitely was average or a little less than average on all accounts.We ordered a combo pizza with 4 different types of pizzas and the only thing I can say is that they are one step above a frozen pizza. Was nothing special about the pizza.We also ordered a sampler platter and it was ok. Worst frozen onion rings Ive ever had. Chicken fingers weren't bad, fries were like frozen oven fries. But no Mottzeralla sticks?Its a bar go and get a few drinks but dont come here for the pizza.Ooh, they do have a sit down pac-man and a Gallaga arcade game. Get a drink and play a few $1 games but stay away from the pizza!
4	love the wings and deep dish supreme
5	Fantastic, and extremely suprised!!!  Went there on a reccommendation, and was pleasantly suprised. Pizza was loaded with flavor, tomato sauce was not acidy,with just the right amount of cheese. The wings were outstanding as well, crispy on the outside and tender inside, my kids loved the fact that sauces were on the side so they can dip. This will now be our go to for Pizza in town.
3	Decent pizza (love the thickness of the crust), bit pricey, Chicken wings are great, and service its quick
2	Not fans. The restaurant wasn't even busy and we waited way too long. Pizza wasn't flavorful and ingredients weren't fresh.
3	Northside Nathans.  It was an accident I even ended up here. SmashBurger was pretty busy - I just wanted to get in and get out without having to wait in a big line,  so I opted for NN.The decor is pretty generic,  family areas with brighter paint on one side - dark earth tones in the adult areas. TV 's all over.I ordered at the window, as you walk in. I ordered a meatball sandwich. And a beer.I was hoping for a meatball sandwich that could at least get close to a ""Busy Bee " meatball sandwich.  No such luck.  Busy Bee is a small mom & pop market in San Pedro,  Ca.  If your ever in San Pedro - maybe to see the USS Iowa - google "Busy Bee Market ". One of the finest sandwich purveyors I've  ever encountered. Anyway, this Northside Nathan was OK - but nothing to write home about.  The toasted bun was a mouth scalder. The marinara and cheese had some flavor - but the meatballs themselves were bland. On a scale of 1 to 10 - 10 being  a Busy Bee meatball sandwich - Northside Nathans scores a whopping 4.I rate NN 3 stars. It wasnt aweful, it wasnt bad,  it was just an average meatball sandwich . You probably won't  even remember eating it,  let alone recommend it to others.
2	I really really would not recommend this place. I came here because they offered deep dish pizza and I've read about Detroit style pizza not too long ago. I thought I'd give it a try. I ordered an 11 inch deep dish pizza with pepperoni and sausage and wingsThe pizza is, imo, on the cheaper side (in quality). The sauce isn't very spectacular. It tastes pre-packaged and you cannot taste almost any herbs in the sauce. It also doesn't taste really fresh. I noticed a chunk of dry oregano in the sauce but it didn't seem to add any flavor. The cheese is spread kinda thinly to boot, so you end up tasting more of the bread. It also does not have any particular flavor. Neither the pepperoni or the sausage stood out. Honestly the pepperoni and sausage toppings in Pizza Hut has more flavor. The crust is decent but that's as far as the positives go. The only saving grace for this place was the wings. They're done well but a place that bases its business on pizza shouldn't have better wings than pizza. I don't know how they manage to make an awful pizza. It's on par with cafeteria/frozen pizza. Think Tombstone. Red Baron would be a step up above this place.  Go anywhere else. Glazier's grocery store is miles better than this pizza and better too. $7-8 versus $14 for a two person pizza. Sam's Club is better. The gas station pizza at Snacker's is better. Anywhere else but here. Save your money and take your business elsewhere. You'll thank me for it.
1	Great food, lousy  service. Went there before Xmas at 630 and was told I would HAVE to get it to go because it was there Xmas party and the mgr wanted everyone out by 7. What kind o cheap ass feeds his employees the same food they make and serve day in day out. They wouldn't even offer to give give a break on the price. Won't be back and I'm a regular.
4	First, I gave NN 4 stars because the only thing we have ever had was their pizza (we are veggie people). But if I were judging solely on the pizza, they would get 5 thumbs up!!! As a Sicilian from Chicago, we love deep dish pizza. NY style totally turns me off! What's the point? You have to eat the whole pie to feel slightly full! Have never had a bad pizza from these guys! The amount of the toppings are perfect and the total flavor of the pizza is GREAT! I love visiting when you see the HUGE pot of sauce boiling on the stove. Just want to pick up a piece of bread and dip!Although the deco needs a bit cheering up, who could go wrong with HOCKEY!!!
4	I ordered 2 pizzas and a Caesar salad for the office and they were all appreciated.  The Guys and Dolls had a generous amount of toppings.  It took no time to finish all of that pizza.  The Nicely Nicely's also had a super amount of chicken on it.  It was a good value for the money and I will be ordering from them again.  One constructive criticism is that the large salad that is portioned for 3-4 people isn't that large.  I was expecting more for the $9.35 price.
5	My favorite pizza was deep dish tomato and garlic. They always heaped the toppings on and it was fun eating a square pizza. :)
1	This use to be one of my favorite pizza places till it took over an hour for my Delivery to get to me and then they charged my credit card and when it got to me they tried to make me pay cash when I already paid. I'm not happy with the service I have received from them and this will be the last time I order from them. I don't feel it is Appropriate to charge your customers twic
4	Love the environment, the food, the drinks. The tv's are amazing.
5	LOVE IT!!!!!Finding a great pizza joint in Las Vegas is hard to do and this place takes the cake.It is the BEST when you dine in and the cheese is warm and stringy.  We had the nicely nice with jalapenos.  Take the time to dine in...always tastes better.:))
2	Pizza was great!  NN has delivered to my address a dozen times or so before; I have no clue why it took well over an hour to drive my za a few blocks down.  NN called me and asked if my address was input correctly...I said yes, then asked the woman if the driver had my phone number and the directions....she didn't answer, so I'm assuming they didn't provide my driver with my info.  The driver arrived, eventually.  She was full of excuses, I felt sorry for her and the company for handling this simple delivery so poorly.  I'll just stick to dinning in
5	We visit Northside Nathan's at least twice every month and are never disappointed. Their pizza is always hot, fresh, and perfectly crispy around the edges. My two-year-old loves their french fries, and the rest of us love their big, crispy onion rings with garlicky ranch dressing.We've also tried a few of their salads, which are always ice cold and fresh. Their meatballs, whether with spaghetti or in their sandwich, are big and hearty and full of flavor.We love the casualness of this place in that we can get our own drink refills, watch their big TV's, and let our toddler check out all the bright lights of their video game machines.
1	Wanted to order a pizza tonight. Called to see what time they closed and the girl says "ummmmm we close at 10 but lemme see if we're closing earlier" wtf?!?! Then she returns and says "the manager wants to close early" What type of business is this place that isn't open for the time they advertise???? I will never visit this place and I'm telling all my friends not to go as well. Smh
5	OMG! I've had a lot of pizza in my day and this is by far THE best pizza yet. If I could give 10 stars I would. My taste buds are in heaven!!!
5	Been here a few times and the food just keeps getting better and better it seems.. The chicken pizza is to die for! Even the salad is good! Nice and fresh.. Customer service is excellent! Just a little pricey
4	Decent sauce - square pizza - crunchy but tender crust.  Note that it can be totally crazy trying to get a table (people shoving each other out of the way -- one family taking up 2 or 3 booths).  Might want to consider take-out.
4	Awesome awesome awesome !!!! Do yourself  a favor & go experience the Detroit red wings you won't regret it.
5	Love this place !! Really good ranch and wings. their 6inch pizza is perfect for one. Great tasting. Good clean place to eat and the service is good
4	Detroit style nicely nicely with extra garlic, shrooms, and well done; perfectly!!!!I ordered in this time; it was delicious!  Always consistently good, staff are so nice.
2	Stopped in to try. Don't get me wrong the food is good, the place is clean, service is fine . The place was filling up while I was there so I know they are doing alright. I just found the prices high for what you get and the flavor not outstanding enough to bring you back. I got a small "Sky Masterson" pizza for $8; it's slightly larger than a personal pan pizza. I could get two frozen pizzas from 99 Cents Only store for the same mass and quality. The place is a Sportsbar style with more flatscreens than a Wal-Mart TV section. Close to Sumerlin so it gets the soccer kid crowds. Wifi is great... But I'm picky when it comes to what I pay bs what I taste. I'll come back one more time to test their pasta.
1	Waited 30 mins for my carry out order. Staff barely spoke english. Pizza was mediocre, and didn't have sauce on top (as true detroit style pizza is). Wings were very small as well.  Overall, just not a good experience, not worth the money, and probably won't return.
3	Close to my house so I like to go get their vegetarian or supreme pizza and enjoy a pitcher of cold beer with wings while watching sports on their numerous tvs.  The place has gotten a little pricier with the food quality not staying as good as it was, but I like the atmosphere, service and take out.  Big selection of pizzas available and this is what you come here for.  The other foods are just for those who want variety.
3	Decent but not great. Pizza wasn't spectacular, but it was different, and the atmosphere was all right. I would consider watching sports there next time over steiners or roadrunner. Lots of TVs, but I would be concerned they only watch detroit.
3	Food was good i ordered Sky Masterson which is just like a meat lovers. Tasted good but it wasn't all dat.  Staff is nice and the atmosphere is sports sports sports.  Good place to watch the game. Currently watching 2nd game Spurs vs. Heat.  Lots of tvs and booths and a HUGE tv in the middle.  LET'S GO SPURS!
3	well be back there deep dish is nice along with there chicken wings more of a breaded texture vs what you see. a little pricey but ok. didn't realize they deliver to my location
4	Pizza is good, ingredients are fresh. We come here for the hot wings, they are scrumptious!
3	Went to Northside Nathan's last weekend with my guy and our friends. We had fries, wings and a pepperoni pizza. I didn't eat the wings, but heard they were pretty good. Atmosphere was alright, nothing crazy. The fries were good, nice and crispy, and their ranch went really well with them. The pizza was decent, the crust had a nice garlic-y taste. The $40 total for fries, pizza, and wings seems a bit high to me, considering the quality.Overall, I wasn't really wow-ed with Northside Nathan's. Would probably only come back if it were a friend's idea.
4	Hello! Nice menu that offers cool combinations like the Sky Masterson, featuring pepperoni, sausage, ham and meatballs!  The place is decorated with a tribute to Detroit, the sports, and city representation. the side salad is topped with carrots, tomatoes and cucumbers. They have your other basic fare like wings and mozzarella sticks. The kids get to watch cartoons and the adults get their sports fix. I highly recommend this place get more visitors... i think it's taken for granted because of the commercialized restaurants nearby at Boca park. Come down!!
3	This place is a hit or miss, sometimes their food comes out very good but sometimes it comes out burned and/or thrown together quick.
4	I must say they serve the best wings in vegas. Very crunchy and juicy. We had thin crust pizza, it was delicious but I just wish it had a little more sauce. They also have self serve drinks.
2	Second time here and I can't give it more stars. I planned to get their pasts this time but they only have spaghetti or ziti with choice of marinara or meat sauce. $1.50 more for meatballs and from what I saw (or didn't see) on the pizza, I passed. Tried the medium size Sky Masterson and still wasn't satisfied with what I got for the price.  Now they have mastered the pan pizza crust; top notch. But it had pepperoni, ham, sausage... no meatballs to be found. There are round pieces of sausage the size of corn kernels; if they call THAT meatballs I would have walked out ordering the pasta. Face it; this place is a sports bar so it should have sports bar prices. Now I can see coming in here Sunday afternoon, buying a bucket of wings (15.95 for 25) a beer and watching football. The place is great for that. They just need to take the "Sumerlin" out of it.Things they can improve on:1. Re evaluate the prices on most menu items2. Put grated cheese dispensers on tables or the condiment stand. The staff shouldn't need to hunt one down for you when it should come with a pizza.3. Turn on the closed caption on the TVs. Watching SportsCenter  doesn't help when they can't explain what the suspensions were this week.4. They have a great video menu screen, but it changes too fast to actually READ the specials, menu items or when Happy Hour is. The only screen on long enough to read is the company offering the service.
4	I stopped by after a craving for pizza overwhelmed me. There is a very nice priced lunch special for a 2 topping personal pizza and drink. I added some Detroit Red Wings to my order. I am pretty new to the Vegas area and have been searching for a good chicken wing. I've tried several local bars and what not, but I think I have found my wing! NN has a extra crunchy fried wing not tossed in some dreadful wing sauce, which makes it perfect if you like naked wings. The pizza is good as well, but there was a slight sour taste that did not sit well with me. I got the same off putting taste at another local establishment. My taste buds could be off, I'm not sure. Menu taken with, I will return. I am not a Detroit or Michigan anything fan but, the place has a true oldschool sports bar feel. Enjoy the sounds of the 60's playing in the background.
5	Our favorite pizza place to go to our have delivered. I've never been disappointed here and we order pizza and wings often.
5	Best pizza&salad.... family friendly. Great music. Fun game for the kids... several tv ' s to watch!
4	Definitely one of the best pizzas in Vegas!  If you're a fan of thick-crust pizza - not that thin cracker-type California style pizza then this is a place you want to check out!  Good atmosphere and great pizza, family friendly but they do have a limited selection of beers to enjoy along with many TV's showing sports for the adults and cartoons for the kids.  Guys and Dolls is a fantastic pie!!  Great pizza place!!
4	Pizza hot all the way until the end?  Never experienced that before.  Excellent pizza, very good wings and great mozzarella sticks...We were pleasantly surprised as last few pizza places up Northside here have disappointed.  I would recommend this pizza for sure..VERY NICE.
5	Best pizza in Vegas. The Tri-Quad Sampler is perfect for my family, since everyone gets exactly what they want. Awesome Greek salad too.
4	This is a great little hole in the wall pizza joint. I went here with my grandma and aunt for dinner. My grandma loves the chicken wings, she says they are the best ever! She ate 11 all by herself!  The pizza was hot and fresh and was good. The salad was ok but nothing special, a little disappointing, but it was good. Overall an enjoyable restaurant. The environment and decorations are great, there was so much to look at.
