5	This is the best Indian food in town.  This place is great but it isn't cheap, you can have lunch for under $10 (comes with soup or salad), but dinner will cost $13-20.  Everything I've had here is fabulous, but the chicken tikka masala is not to be missed.  The lamb with peppers and onions and the mixed vegetables with mango cream sauce are also great.  Don't miss out on the soups, which are all great appetizers,a nd be sure to order some garlic naan.
2	This place is named very appropriately, since you feel you're about to start mining for copper when you walk in. I have never in my life been in a darker restaurant. The moment we were handed our menus I noticed everyone in our party squinting. If you choose to dim your halogens to such an extreme, you need to choose something other than a 9 point font for your menu. I have 20/20 vision and I found myself tilting my head around so my shadow wasn't blocking the menu. Just strange, almost claustrophobic.This place touts itself as modern-Indian cuisine, and based on the presentation and preparation, it is very non-standard fare.The plating is elegant and and some of the food is quite good. The samosas were very tasty, however you get 2 small ones for $7. Saag Paneer, which is essentially creamed spinach and farmers cheese, goes for a whopping $15. That's way overpriced, in my opinion. I had the lamb traditional style for my entree and I have to say it was the blandest lamb ever. For Indian food, the spices were missing and the lamb was tough. It was also cut into strips like some kind of stroganoff, which was bizarre. The spicy chicken slivers were very delicious and 4  alarm spicy. This was quite a contrast to the lamb which was so flavourless. All in all, it was an interesting experience, but the prices of their food were not justified by the quality or flavours. It just didn't work for me.I'll stick to the traditional mom & pop Indian restaurant next time.
1	I felt that this place was overpriced for less than average Indian food. What sets this place apart the most is the absolutely horrible service. I tried it three times. I try to always do that if I feel that there might be something I miss on the first or second time at a restaurant. I kept hoping maybe it was a single server...then two...when it hit three separate poor servers, I was done. The food is merely okay for the price paid-the service ensures I won't return. Long waits at the door (with open tables visible), attitude and exceptionally long waits for orders placed are why I give it 1 star. In addition, it's like a cave inside.
3	I'd say about 2.5 to three stars. It's a trendy Indian restaurant, with lighting so dim at night that they actually give you a small flashlight to read the menu. You'd think that would be a hint to them but oh well. I was in town for business and someone recommended this place. The food was good, but they didn't ask me for my preferred level of spicyness, so my curry dish came out quite spicy. But, it was very good. The menu is pricey: most dishes cost around $19.
2	Food is ok.  Plating is elegant. Service is bad. Asked the waiter which lamb dish would he recommend, he  was not interested to elaborate.  I found a strand of hair on my veggie, told the waiter and he just smile and didn't say much. I'm very disappointed on how he reacted, seemed like he didn't care about the hygiene.
4	For Indian food it is probably one of, if not the best restaurant in Charlotte. Yes the service is not very attentive and the prices are a bit high for Charlotte but the food is first rate.
4	We went here for dinner during Restaurant Week, since we've had great luck with tasting menus in the past.  We also planned for an early dinner, since it was  previously reviewed as a very dark restaurant.  We made reservations at 6PM through opentable.com, but when we got there, they didn't have us down on the list (we only made them about an hour or so beforehand, so this was excusable).  We were still able to be seated, primarily because it was early and the restaurant wasn't crowded.The hostess and our waitress were very nice.  She took our drink order pretty quickly once we were seated.  The drink menu was a little disappointing. Everything sounded very...gross isn't the right word...unfruity.  Lots of peppar, various spices, mint.  Not many fruity delicious yummy cocktails like I wanted. I got one called the Neelkantha, and it was alright--hypnotiq, curacao, and chambord--but I probably would get some wine next time, or just drink beforehand.  Their wine list is extensive.As I said, we tried the tasting menu, and the dishes were all good.  We both loved our appetizers.  I had the Coriander Coconut Shrimp.  There were two huge shrimp with a mustard-black  pepper glaze, masala acorn squash (a small slice), and a ginger beet puree that was beautifully beet colored and tasted very earthy like beets.  I loved this dish, and felt like a Top Chef judge with the plating and the cerebral list of ingredients.  My husband had the sheekh kabab meatballs with karavali masala, eggplant-poblano chutney, crispy leeks and a mango avocado salad (read: piece each of avocado, mango, and grapefruit).  This was very spicy, but I could still taste the underlying flavors of the dish as well.  Again, presentation was lovely. The main course was challenging for my husband, so we had to trade plates.  Originally I had ordered the masala duck leg confit with kundapur spices, seasonal veggies, and pomegranate syrah jus.  But my husband didn't like his very much (he's a meat and potatoes sort of guy), so I gave it up after a bite so he could eat something he would enjoy.  (The guy just had back surgery, I thought I would give him a break.)  So I ended up eating khoya prune kofta with a milk solids dumpling, prune-ginger chili puree, seviyan ka upma, mirchi ka salan sauce. (One was green, the other white.  I didn't know the difference!)  This was good, but unlike anything I had ever eaten before. The "dumpling" was a 4 x 1 brick on the plate that, by itself, tasted like milk! But the prune fried balls were pretty sweet and yummy, and the sauces complimented them well.For dessert, we both had the mango gajrela puff.  They took our knives from dinner, and I would have liked to have it, as sawing through the pastry (which was a little wet) with the side of my fork was a bit tough.  The rabdi ice cream that came with it was quite good, though I am somewhat of an Indian food neophyte, so I don't know what exactly that flavor is.  Even with the tasting menu, we still paid over $100 for dinner, which seemed a bit high. We each had 2 cocktails, so I guess that adds up quickly, but I didn't feel like we had a $100 experience overall.  Lessons learned: 1.  Come early so you can see the menu2. Drink cocktails before and after dinner3.  Be prepared to spend some cash, and you won't be disappointed.
4	One word: YUM!I had the Paneer Masala and Garlic Naan (Come on folks, tell me that garlic naan doesn't tug at your heart strings?).I love Indian food so my latest visit with Copper was to introduce a girlfriend who had never tried it.Service was, as always, amazing.  The food was wonderful, too!  I love this place.  It can be a bit pricey but is worth every penny!!
4	Excellent Indian food. I wish this restaurant was here in Atlanta. Copper takes Indian cuisine to the next level. Presentation is outstanding and you can taste each unique flavor. That's pretty rare for Indian food which usually has a lot of intense flavors that are hard to decipher. We shared samosas as appetizers and I ordered the rack of lamb medium rare. It was divine. When I am visiting Charlotte next I will make it out to Copper once again!
4	Cooper was a new experience for me although Indian food was not. Their concept is very entertaining offering both traditional and modern interpretations or new applications of old world flavors. I must stress the food is very nice but the service is not bad, it just was not the level to which I'm accustomed for this price range. We ordered the samosas and side salad which we split, Murgh Tikka Masala and Lamb Chops in Mustard Ginger marinade for our entrees.The group we were sat near was quite loud which would not have been a problem if our waiter had spoken up. I had to ask him to repeat himself most of the evening. I was also disappointed he could not recommend a wine to pair with the Lamp Chops. A glass of Menage a Trois blend was quite nice by the way. Type A personalities may be more concerned that a runner brought our salad out as a second appetizer after the samosas (which are wonderful) when we had asked our server for to be served with dinner. The runner also failed to take away the empty samosa plate which cluttered the table. The food itself was excellent but those who put a premium on service should relax expectations.
5	Copper is EASILY the best Indian restaurant in town, and it's not even close. In fact, it's some of the best Indian food I've ever had. You'd never know looking at the place from the street that housed inside is an incredible Indian spot. Copper is basically in a classic house on the side of East--it looks like a wealthy family would live inside. This makes for an interesting inside-of-the-establishment: you're basically sitting in a converted dining room, living room, library, etc. There's a bar there, and it looks like it's where the den used to be. Again, though, this is a nice old building, not some crappy shack. I'm  not doing it justice. The bar isn't a great scene, though: kinda small, not too crowded. Just so-so. Go for the food. It's amazing. The samosas are particularly great, and we always order the Chicken Tikka Masala, which we order spicy (always). The menu's split into authentic (old school) Indian and modern/fusion Indian. Stick with the former; the modern stuff just isn't as good. It doesn't feel like Indian, really. The staff is great and the service is great. It can get a little pricy, but it's worth it.
2	Copper is an Indian restaurant located in a former home on East Blvd, as apparently all restaurants on East Blvd were constructed in this manner.  Recently I was in the mood for great Indian cuisine but did not have any desire to sit in a restaurant.  So, having heard mostly positive things about Copper, I made the decision to place an order for pick-up.Food - I ordered the Khoya Malai Maans which consisted of chunks of lamb in a red curry sauce w/ whole toasted spices. This was accompanied with a pan of basmati rice.  I also ordered the Plain Naan (buttered) and the Saffron, Almond, Paneer Kulcha.  This along w/ a chicken curry dish for my g/f came out to be about $50, which I thought to be extremely expensive.  Maybe I have just been spoiled by the India Garden in Pittsburgh, PA (near the University of Pitt http://www.indiagarden.net/ ) that offers 50% dine-in dinners every night after 11 PM or maybe this was just freakin' expensive!!  Anyway, being that this was so pricey I expected to be blown away.  I was not.  While the g/f's chicken dish was tasty and well made, my dish consisted of diced lamb that was on the tough side.  The spices of the dish were great but tough lamb is something a good Indian restaurant should never have on your plate.  The naan was "okay" and the Kulcha was tasteless.  I was left pretty disappointed.Service - Order was taken promptly over the phone and there were no errors w/ what I had ordered.Overall - With this experience, I now cannot wait until Thanksgiving week to head over to the Oakland area of Pittsburgh, sit down, and order some very tasty Indian food.  I hope I do not get arrested while there because I now realize the place in Pittsburgh has a steal of a meal.PS - I will provide a review of Indian Garden while there a month from now.
5	Before Copper, my experiences with Indian food had been (a) an Indian buffet restaurant where everything was brown in color, (b) samples of Indian foods at international food festivals, (c) items I've fixed at home using Indian ingredients and spices, and (d) wafts of curry through the apartment vents from the Indian family next door.  Yes, I've always enjoyed the flavors and spices of Indian food, but I didn't truly fall in love with it until I dined at Copper.  Copper is an upscale, gourmet Indian restaurant.  It takes the flavors of India and enhances them into delicious, beautifully presented dishes.  A friend of mine and I both had never been but wanted to try Copper.  We decided to treat ourselves to a night out.  And what a treat it was.  From the breads to the appetizer to the wine to the entrees, we had an extremely palatable experience.  The decor and atmosphere in Copper is wonderful.  The lighting is subdued and could be considered romantic (if you were with your partner; unfortunately, I wasn't!).  Nonetheless, the soft music and low-lighting left for a great conversational atmosphere in a relaxed setting.  The restaurant is fairly easy to find.  It's situated in an old house in Historic Dilworth on East Blvd near the intersection of South Blvd, diagonally across the street ("kitty corner," as my mom would say) from Paper Skyscraper.  When people ask me for a unique dining experience in Charlotte, I always recommend Copper.  Unfortunately, I have to reserve dining there myself for special occasions, as it's a bit more than I care to spend on a regular basis.  But it is definitely worth it when I can!
5	I returned to Copper last night, this time my partner rather than a friend.  It provided a nice conversation place previously with my friend, but this time served as a romantic date night setting.My partner had never been to Copper and was equally impressed.  The lighting is perfect in this converted old house.  It's subdued, creating a relaxing and romantic atmosphere.  Hushed Indian music plays in the background.  We sat in the "red room."  The walls are entirely painted in fire engine red.  The lighting is low there, too, so you're not blinded by the bold use of color.  The only problem I found with this room was that halfway through our dining experience, a large group was sat at a long table in there.  Being that it's a square room with four walls, the sound of their voices was a bit too much.  It dampened the romantic aspect a bit, but that's not Copper's fault.  We didn't know what half the stuff on the menu was, so we picked and chose.  It turned out we chose very well.  We wanted a bread, but weren't sure which of the five to choose from.  We went with the $3 garlic Naan.  Turns out, it was the same bread they bring you to the table anyway...with garlic.  It was still good, though, and we still had leftover sauces from the first bread they brought us.  One was a marmalade, another a creamy corn something-or-other, and the last (and my favorite) was a mint leaf one.  To add to our Indian repertoire, we added an appetizer.  We wisely chose the Paneer, after inquiring what it was (an Indian cheese).  Not just any cheese, though, it was cooked in wide rectangular strips (it doesn't melt) and coated in Indian spices.  Can I just say, "YUM?"   Copper offers entrees in both "traditional" and "modern" choices.  This time around, we went with modern.  Each of us tried a chicken dish.  One with a lot of Indian spices accompanied by roasted peppers and the other with a coconut-lime sauce accompanied by green beans and peas.  Both came out with extremely generous portions of chicken.  We were SO impressed by the size of the meat.   It allowed us to swap half for half to sample both dishes and still have our own good-sized portion of what we ordered.  Naturally, both were extremely flavorful and juicy.  The peppers on the side were good, but the green bean and pea concoction was out of this world.   I could have eaten a bowlful of it.  I don't know if it was the spices or the coconut-lime sauce that made it so good, but even if you didn't like vegetables, you would love these.  We enjoyed the atmosphere, prices, and food portions at Copper MUCH better than our previous experience at Blue earlier this week, spent $40 less, AND I got a glass of fine red wine.  Copper gets my recommendation to out-of-town friends and guests each and every time.  Lastly, we were able to easily book a reservation for a busy Saturday night online at their website using OpenTable.  How much better can it get?
4	Dinners at Copper have always been great. The cuisine is modern but still incorporates traditional and authentic flavors. The food is expensive, but still reasonable considering the quality. Great presentation and cozy ambiance. The service can be slow.
5	Copper was very good. The dishes were high quality, and flavorful. The food was not as well executed as some of our favorite nicer Indian restaurants up north, but Copper was without question the best we've found in Charlotte. We ate off the traditional portion of the menu and will probably try some of their "modern" options next time. The dining room was very cool - kind of a slick modern renovation of a traditional house. The staff was attentive and professional. We were also very surprised by our reasonable bill at the end of the meal. We really liked Copper and will definitely be back.
4	I have experienced Indian food before, and this place definitely ranks high in my list. The food, service, and restaurant interior were all fantastic. Went with a friend who worked in uptown Charlotte, who recommended this place. Chicken tandoori and the other entree (forget the name of it at the moment) as well as the bread were all super-tasty.
4	There's no mistaking how good the food is. Flavors range from light and subtle to rich and hearty.  The naan appetizer comes with three delightfully different sauces.  I had chicken two different ways for the appetizer and entree.  And the refined Halwa cake dessert was a classic and authentic finish, the flavor of which brings me back to the cheap and delicious indian food of my college days.One star deduction for overly dark lighting.  I like to be able to see my food and napkin and there's more to romance than being dimly lit.  And the line in front of the single occupancy bathroom was a little disappointing, as were the uncomfortably hard chairs and the wait to get the bill.  But overall a very pleasant experience.  Highly recommended for an elegant night out, albeit with a grain of patience.************************After visiting a few times and having trouble with digestion, I had to be reminded of the difference between vegan and vegetarian.  Vegan means no animal products - so no dairy or eggs.  Vegetarian means eggs, milk or cheese could still be in it.  I love eggs, but milk and cheese don't love me.  There is cream in the rice, cream in the nan, and all of their chicken is marinated in yogurt, so no chicken dishes for me.  But most of the lamb dishes are non-dairy and roti is a wheat version of nan that has no milk or cream in the batter.  Problem solved, if you're lactose intolerant but like meat, don't order like a vegetarian.  Order like a vegan carnivore and you'll dine like a king.
4	This is the 2nd time I have visited Copper. First when they opened...which I was truly disappointed. After a year and hearing many good things about it, I decided to try it again. I am GLAD I did. The place isn't much from the outside, an old house maybe from the 20's. The inside kind of shows, but it works. Dim lighting and rather tight seating, Definitely recommend reservations with large groups or on special nights out. Service was great. Meal was fantasric......orderd Lamb kebab's and samosas for app. Chicken Tikka and Panner with garlic naan as dinner. The spice level was a little bland for my taste, so next time I will have to specify the heat level. Naan I was a little disappointed in...a little cold and chewy. Had kulfi for dessert. Good dinner but set me back a Ben Franklin. Because of that I will visit but not as often!
3	This place is bizzare. I was really interested in what "upscale Indian food" would taste like, and left with a mixed bag of impressions. The location in an old house threw me off, but they have done pretty well with the decor inside. We were seated by the windows in the converted "sunroom," which was nice. Our waiter was attentive, the wine list was fine, etc. The food is okay, I would prefer an authentic dive-y Indian place any day though. Plus food here is REALLY expensive. I don't know, I just don't think Indian food was really meant for upscale formal dining. I guess if you live in Charlotte you have to go once to try it. Obviously I am not too enthusiastic though!
3	Cool decor, I really didn't like what I ordered- but I would try again.
2	I gave it two stars because they try too hard and the flavors are forced.  By that I mean, I dont think the flavors are genuine.  This was my first time to Copper.  Upon entering you are greeted by a very warm and friendly staff.  The decor is a not at all "modern" as some have described (I guess those people think modern is anything that's not painted beige).  I do agree seating is tight especially if you get a table in the corner by the windows.  The music is contemporary indian.  The food was just ok.  I visited during restaurant week and there was a limited menu.  However, you are fee to order off the regular menu as well.  I ordered the cucumber avocado soup, the chicken, and the mango kulfi for dessert.  The avocado soup was not good.  I found it to be bland and the texture off.  The chicken was dry and needed more sauce to get by.  The mango kulfi was ridiculous and had deep flavor.  If you are looking for a serious Indian restaurant - this is not the place for you.  If you are interested in trying something a little different and an enjoyable atmosphere go try Copper.
4	Copper is a good restaurant to go to, maybe I wouldn't go for someone's first try of Indian food, but for people who enjoy eating out and enjoy eating Indian food it is worth a try.  I went with two of my friends and we ordered a lot of food, but not a lot of booze and our tab was $180.  This was only three glasses of sparkling, no bottles of wine!  So I did feel a little sticker shock.  I would go back, maybe for a special occasion but I would much rather go get Indian take away and over order for $40 anyday!!!!  I guess the really important question is, "how is the food".  Delish and fresh tasting, made with care.
3	Copper is a solid Indian resturant.  The place is fairly small and seating is tight.  I agree with another reviewer who said it is a bit dark inside - it really is.  The staff are friendly and service is usually pretty good.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is very good and the naan is excellent.  The place is fairly expensive for what you get.Overall a solid inidan restaurant.
5	Excellent Indian food. Consistently delivers great food & service. I have yet to be let down by Copper. The staff is very friendly & informative. Be sure to ask enough questions about the dishes & spice levels so you know what your getting. Love the food here!
4	First time at Copper.  It was a nice find.  The food was very good and the atmosphere was nice.....we enjoyed the art.  Our waiter was very nice and helpful.  The food was a bit more expensive than most Indian restaurants but the portions were larger.  We will be going back.
5	My favorite Indian food in Clt. It's not as authentic as Woodlands off of independence but it's so good! The servers can tell by your selection how spicy to make the food and the wine selection is great although pricey. Get creative and order something you've never heard of, odds are you'll remember it after eating at Copper. Side note; my gps had it as Cooper not Copper in case you're wondering why you can't find it.
3	Adorable place. It is located in a renovated Victorian house.  Indian food is not my favorite, but their Chicken Tikka Misala was very good and the staff is eager to please. We were seated at a table in a little nook by the window and it was very cute, comfortable and clean. Portions were good and the presentation of every dish was immaculate and creative. Most everything is rather spicy, so if that bothers you, make sure to ask the staff about the level of spice in your dishes.
4	Great place! Went here with my boss and co-worker for a relaxing evening. Was impressed with the knowledgable staff. They were great to offer recommendations. Atmosphere was charming and relaxing. Food was so good. Spices and flavors melted in my mouth. Will go back and take clients or just for fun.
5	I can't say enough about this place, it's simply wonderful!  I've only gone twice for lunch and both times I had the Chicken Tikki Masala with naan and vegetable samosa's..........simply delish!  I had given up on Indian food until visiting Copper.
5	Forgive the dramatics, but Copper is my favorite Indian restaurant...in the world!  And check out my other reviews, I  eat a lot of Indian.  The saddest part is that I no longer live in Charlotte but eat there whenever I visit.  Favorite dishes includes shrimp vindaloo, chicken tikka masala and lamb ghost.  Great ambience in a Victorian cottage and the service is consistently friendly.  Their menu has changed a bit but they will special order if you ask.  Copper is a rare treat in a town that could use more high quality ethnic cuisine.
4	I love Copper. The food is really good.  It's set in a historic home in Charlotte.  Love the atmosphere and the food.  The service is very warm and friendly, but a little slow.   Try the lamb kabab it is unbelievablly yummy and the potato with spinach dumplings (can't remember its name).  The Chai tea is a must. They use star anise and it tastes sooooo good!  Be prepared for the bill too.  3 courses and drinks will set you back at least $50.  :)M
5	i LOVE Copper....easily one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. I also used them to cater my partners' birthday party, and it was amazing. I still get comments from guests of the party how great it was.
5	Went for Mother's day and they had a pre-fixe menu. Service was awesome, my sweet tea never got to 1/3 full and I had a new on the table. The chicken tikka masala was rich and the meat super tender. The samosas were flavorful and the sorbet sampler was very tasty. It came highly recommended and it did not disappoint.I have had pretty good Indian food in California and Copper was definitely comparable.
5	Copper is my favorite place to eat in Charlotte. Everything is delicious. The dessert with the pistassio dust on the ice cream is awesome.
5	Hands down the best Indian food of it's kind  I've ever had.  It will certainly be added to my list of favorites and regulars in CLT.  We started with the Saffron, Almond & Paneer Kulcha bread with Yogurt dip.  I had Chicken with Coconut cream sauce and my husband had a spicy Seafood dish.  Wines by the glass touches on the standard/common varietals.  Unfortunately some of the selections are a little common as well.We both had left overs to bring home.  I recommend reservations.  They have outdoor seating.  One side of the indoor seating has good light to see out the porch and the other is a little more intimate.  I also saw people coming in for take away.
5	Copper is by far the best Indian food I've had since living in Charlotte - we absolutely LOVED it! The spicy broccoli appetizer is a must have!
5	Fantastic Indian Cuisine!!  The best in Charlotte (tied with Sangram in Cornelius)
3	So, I love Indian food.  I like Copper.The good:The dishes we tasted were delicate and well-seasoned.  The naan was traditional but also excellent, served to us relentless and continually by the best "bread boy" I've ever had.  Seriously - he was amazing.  I also had a great glass of wine.The "meh":I'd really like to be able to try their Indian-influenced dishes, which comprise the largest portion of their menu, but the vegetarian dishes are limited to their traditional menu.  This is fine but disappointing.  Although I enjoyed my meal very much, I thought it was significantly overpriced for what I had.
3	This is great date place or place to go if you're looking to spend some dough. I'm not an Indian food fan but have been a few times since they offer both traditional and modern Indian food. I like that I am able to find something different each time and the meal has been tasty each time I've gone. The servers have been very knowledgeable and happy to help but it takes forever to get your tab. I think they have great food but for me personally, a tad out of my budget and overpriced. Awesome beer selection as well.
3	This has been the most user-friendly Indian meal I've ever had.  Now, although I've grown up a bit since high school and my taste buds have matured along with it, I often find Indian foods overwhelming.  Sometimes all I'll taste is cumin and coriander and that just doesn't do it for me.  But here at Copper we got a chicken tikka masala dish which was awesome and delicious, kind of like juicy chicken in an Indian influenced cream of tomato sauce.  The seasoning was subtle.  I also greatly enjoyed their shrimp and coconut dish, which I suppose was less than authentic but just had a wonderful grilled flavor.  And you probably have to deliberately screw up garlic naan in order for it to be bad.  Luckily they did not do so.  I didn't care for the rice - my view on rice as a side, especially to food as seasoned as Indian food, is that its supposed to kind of be the simple carb that you can use to mellow out your food if need be.  This rice was super cuminified, so I didn't care for it as a side. Samosas were crispy on the outside and tasty. The cauliflower appetizer was also savory and delicious. Service was impeccable, attentive and extremely friendly.  Overall I wouldn't mind coming back.  At least, I'm not afraid to return.
3	Tried Copper for the first time this week and it was good. I had high expectations after reading all the reviews, but needless to say, it's just A-OK for me. The big brother/sister to Blue Taj in Ballantyne, I was expecting a step up in all facets of the experience. Unfortunately, the only thing that was higher was the price. Yes, it's a little expensive, but the ambiance and feel of Copper is great. Outside of the putting green steps you enter in on, the restaurant is beautiful. Try to sit in the enclosed porch area as there's more light. Started out with some garlic naan. For $3, not bad at all. It was tasty and the 3 sauces it's served with were a plus! Kept thinking if the regular bread was free though as I saw it served around the other tables...hmmm...oh well. Then we went for the Samosa, which was good, but I expected some more spice. The sauce it was served with was good and necessary. I went with a traditional dish of tikka masala, which was priced at $17. I thought it was good, but it was the exact same dish in flavor and size that I had at Blue Taj for lunch and it was $10. It's a traditional dish, so I shouldn't expect much variation. I also had some of my wife's scallop dish. The flavor was good, but the scallops were a tad undercooked in my opinion. We had a restaurant.com coupon so the price was great. The reviews of it being pricey are correct, but the dishes, like my tikka masala are definitely able to split. If I go back again, that will be considered more in the ordering.
3	As Todd. W mentioned, we finally got around to giving Copper a try. While I'm glad we finally made it to this upscale and cozy Indian restaurant, I'm not clamoring to go back there asap. The Good: The interior is lovely and the service is efficient, helpful and kind. Our Garlic Naan was super tasty and I really enjoyed hearing our waiter Sunny explain the menu (traditional vs. modern fare). This ambiance definitely caters to date night! They also offer great attention to their wine - the first page of their wine list details that they will decant your choice prior to arrival, look for special bottles upon request etc. That's a fabulous touch.The Meh: For what you get, the main courses are a bit overpriced, IMO. My scallop dish was interesting with bits of fried shallots, sauteed pears and potatoes. However, the scallops were a bit undercooked and I was overall slightly underwhelmed by the dish. I supposed I was expecting more flavor. Same with the samosas. The shell was a bit too crunchy and I was expecting more spice and pizazz with the filling. I like you Copper, but I think we'll just be friends. I don't see a long term romantic relationship developing.
3	My husband and I have been wanting to try Copper for quite a while.  I have to admit we were divided on our overall rating... if I could give 3 1/2 stars, I would.  I cook a lot and, as a rule, my husband and I never want to eat somewhere that serves food we could eat at home.  Strangely enough, I cook traditional Indian food quite a bit.  From the start, the menu did not wow me.  I usually struggle over what to order but tonight there were really only two main course items that interested me - my husband ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and I ordered the Lamb Rhogan Curry.  We also ordered samosas (my favorite part of the meal), garlic naan, and a mango lassie (delish - I always have to order a mango lassie!).  The samosas were absolutely amazing and I loved the spicy sauce drizzled underneath them on the plate.  I was not so impressed with the three side sauces served with the two pieces of naan that accompanied our appetizer order.  Our water glasses remained filled - right up until the point we actually got our meals - and then while eating my slightly spicy lamb, I was forced to chew on a few ice cubes because there was no server or busboy to be seen.  Our main course dishes were not stellar - the quality of the meat was quite good but the overall flavoring was somewhat lackluster.  My husband's tikka masala almost seemed a little too "tomatoey" for my taste - he was not impressed at all, he said mine is better.  (Aww, so sweet...)  My lamb had a bit of a kick to it but the sauce was not "lick the bowl clean" kind of good - far from it, to be truthful.  To me, Copper is not the place to go if you are simply looking for a tasty, authentic, Indian meal.  Copper is the place to go for a nice dinner, a date perhaps, if you are in the mood for a  trendy, modern take on Indian cuisine.
3	Most recent Indian restaurants make  my local auto repair shop look swanky. Not Copper! The interior is very nicely decorated  with enough attention to furniture, cutlery, and painting etc.Unfortunately, they had little time left to focus on the food. The quality is slightly above average. However, the prices are almost twice the average.
5	One of my favorite restaurants.  I've been going for 5 years and it's still really good.
4	Traditional Indian food, in a very modern setting.  Absolutely loved the drink menu. Very chic names, great food presentation.While the flavors are not truly authentic, It is a breath of fresh air to note that they do not serve cream and fat laden stuff, that their meats are actually fresh and they try and keep the flavors as near to the original as possible. I disagree with people who say that its pricey. The quality of the food deserves the price they charge. The reason why it is not a 5 star rating from me : Service. While it was not bad, it was not great either. The food took a while to come, the water would not arrive when expected etc etc.. you get the drift!
5	I had the pleasure of dining at this establishment Saturday night (01/29/2010) for the Queen's Feast Restaurant Week. For my first visit I loved the ambience, the service and all 3 courses of the meal presented. I had heard wonderful things about this restaurant and the lived up to each one of them plus more. The flavors were awesome for the moderately priced food with upscale taste. The menu for restaurant week was a special menu, but I say ask for the cocktail called a Narada, hopefully the bartender will make it for you. Great place and I'll be back! :)
2	I went to Copper during Queens Feast with two friends and we all agreed that the overall three course meal was not worth $30. My main dish was a "Ghost Rubbed Chili Chicken" and it lived up to its name because it was so small I almost didn't see it. The naan and sauce trio was my favorite part if I had a favorite. My friends ordered croquettes and they were semi-delicious. As the final course the menu offered a choice of chocolate cake (strange), or a traditional "trail mix" type cake. Our table ordered both but the chocolate cake was entirely too rich, and trumped the other courses in size. I'd rather fill up on the main course, not the dessert. Other items of note: Our waiter was extremely nice, the kind of nice that is creepy--he was very interested in how each of our days had gone. But he was knowledgeable about the food. During the middle of the "feast" we were greeted by the most apathetic bus boy I've ever met. He told us blatantly "I gotta get outa here man, I hate working here!" We LOLed, but wow, who says that? Especially to customers eating your food? Really weird. At least the building was nice.
5	Copper exceeded all of my expectations, first visit. Service was on point, very friendly. Food was awesome!I had Chicken Tikka, and craved it the entire following day. The Naan was so fluffy and flavorful (garlic).Paired the meal with an Indian Blanc wine, which complemented perfectly Can't wait to go back!!
1	If you want overpriced food on over sized dishes then look no further!  I would love to say the atmosphere was amazing or service was stellar, but it was lacking on all counts. From the parking lot to the interior of the house..oops I mean restaurant. The food wasn't terrible, but not even close to most of the other Indian cuisine destinations in the Charlotte area. Like most places in that area (Dilworth), it's just over hyped by people who have never had the food properly served or prepared before.
5	My first experience at Copper was nothing short of fantabulous! The house transformed to restaurant is wonderfully decorated and the atmosphere is warm, colorful and intimate. We enjoyed masala chai tea and warm naan bread to start the meal and the green chutney was my absolute fav...the mint infused flavor was oh so yummy! My date and I both ordered Murgh Tikka Masala, his was medium hot and mine medium and both were beautiful to look at and wonderfully flavored without being too spicy. Dessert was exceptional! We chose the traditional and the Bailey's creme kulfi and finished with a mango gelato that I quickly decided was my favorite. The ambiance was perfect for a date, the service was impeccable and it was a wonderful dining experience all the way around. I will definitely recommend this restaurant!
1	I'm so disappointed. Here's a place that I used to frequent.  Strike 3 guys.Overcooked chicken, dried-out fish cooked in dirty oil, and everything else served cold.  Terrible service, and they refused a $25 restaurant.com #  on a $150 bill (insult to injury).  Here's the best part:  this was over 3 weeks ago.  I wrote them to give them a change to make up for it.  No response.  Won't be back.
5	My second visit to Copper and I was just as pleased as the first time!  We went for dessert after the South End Gallery Crawl and sat at the bar to enjoy our cups of Massala Chai Tea and wait for our gelato.  We sampled pistachio, mango and passionfruit and they were creamy, flavorful and oh so good!   The wait staff once again were friendly, helpful and attentive from the hostess to the bartender.  Great place for a wonderful meal and definitely for dessert!  Go check it out!
4	I've read the raving reviews and I would come here maybe once a week on average to pick up their chicken tikka masala and a cup of mango lassi. Very solid atmosphere - perfect date place - and I love how they have this restaurant in a house which seems like a more residential part of town. Very classy place in a cool house. However, the food quality, while good and definitely above average, isnt the best I had. I found the chicken tikka masala to be a bit bland and creamy compared to other Indian restaurant's I've been to.Blue Taj by Ballantyne definitely destroys this restaurant in terms of food quality.
5	Incredible food, service and selection. Granted the location is in a old house, it is far from a take it lightly place. I am from NYC, Indian and love food. And this place in Charlotte blew my mind. I loved everything i ate. I ordered from the moden menu and the dish tasted amazing. My coworker oredered off the classic menu and was raving too. We took a indian food virgin with us and he liked it so much he tried all the dishes we ordered. The restaurant got his seal of approval. The waiter was helpful, served us dessert even after the kitchen closed. Which would make me give them the 6th star for high standard in customer service (but Yelp limits me to 5!). I'm going back tonight as i dont think i will be able to find such Indian food back in NYC.
3	If you are looking for an intimate and cozy date night in a cute house on East Boulevard, you'll want Copper on your list. It's a dimly lit setting filled with tables throughout 4 main rooms and the 5th area is the bar (w/ tv). It is noisy due to the acoustics, so sit close or be prepared to up-the-ante and increase your volume. There's only one bathroom for each gender, but again, you're in a house. Architecture and ambiance aside, the food is delicious. I'm still kind of a newbie to the Indian cuisine, so I can't remember any of the names of the entrees. The rice is good, the cheese/pea in a tomato type sauce was my favorite dish! We also ordered a coconut curry dish with vegetables...very coco-nutty. Garlic naan was good and the three dips (yummy) they brought to the table were made fresh (yogurt, tomato-something, and a mint puree). The samosas were a tad crunchy, but had a nice spicy punch inside. For you beer drinkers, the beer selection seemed a bit limited: King Pin, Budweiser, Bud Light, & Heineken. The service was good and our server was helpful in suggesting flavorful dishes. Caution: you'll spend a pretty penny or hundred for a night out here...easy. Too bad it isn't priced to be more of a regular stop. Like others have mentioned, it is a tad overpriced. I'll have to curb my cravings to once in a loooong while.
5	The food and service were outstanding!!!  It is a pricey for an Indian meal, but worth it for the atmosphere and service.
5	if you dont like bad ass indian food, then dont come here...the garlic naan was freakin delish, chicken tikka masalla was simply flavorful and juicy like my wermens...and the service was impeccableon the pricey side for dinner and indian food in my opinion but well worth it, ill be coming here for some lunch time meals and to help put me to sleep when i get back to work...three words yummoi would had given this place 4 stars but i was not expecting this in charlotte...
5	Copper is one of my favorites!!!  Today for lunch I had one of my favorite Soups:  Roasted Red Pepper!!!  The first time I dined at Copper around 2006 I had this soup and enjoy it on many dines, it is very flavorful, creamy fantastic!  They do not have it every day for lunch, though they used to have it every night for dinner.  This soup inspired my "Soup's ON" list - It is that Wonderful!!!The Entree is the one I usually get (more than half of the time) Chicken Tikka Masala: Chicken Breast cut into chunks and downed in a creamy Curry (I'm guessing a coconut cream/ tomato base with many spices) You can order it Spicy hot if you want, though they are sometimes hesitant to get it real spicy!  Basmati Rice and Naan Bread finish this entree well!How about some Dessert or is everyone ready to go home?  You can not leave yet!  Take some of that Naan home and get ready for:  Sweet, Creamy, Tart, Rich, Complex, colder and coldest, Kulfi!!!  First is Kulfi Neapolitan (a pyramid of Kulfi's) Top layer is Pistachio, 2nd layer Mango and bottom layer is Vanilla.  Next three Desserts are Bailey's Kulfi, Pistachio Gelato and Lemon Sorbet!The service was Superboy on Indian, which is a great compliment and the best way to say it!Chicken Tikka Masala is a "Gateway Curry, so.... You know!
3	An American/Modern take on Indian, this place has decent food that you'll spend a lot to try. Service and atmosphere were both good. There are many other places in Charlotte that I'd rather spend that kind of money.
4	Finally got to try Copper with a large group of friends the other night.  I had been drooling over the menu for a week or so when we had made plans to go.  I definitely was not disappointed with my experience here!  Our waiter was super awesome and very charming - he had this dry sense of humor that really worked especially with a big group.  My favorite line that came from him was when we were asking about heat levels and someone had mentioned they wanted a "kick".... and he responded with a dead-serious look on his face:  "flying kick" or "regular kick".... I was rolling on the floor laughing and it took a couple of my friends a repeat of what was just said to get them on board with my flailing of hands and obnoxious laughter.Not sure if every table gets this, but we were a table of six and we got a basket of regular Naan with 3 different dipping sauces.  Super delicious.I was feeling very adventurous that night and saw that the first course selections had a "Soup of the Day".... I totally ordered it without asking what it was.  Our waiter replied that the soup was Tomato.... and I was a bit saddened, but still ordered it anyway.  Later he came back and said he was mistaken and the soup was a coconut bell pepper soup.  Sounded great, and was a great surprise.  Best accidental soup of the day ordering ever.  When the soup came, I had to let everyone try it because it was just THAT good.  It was everything that the name promised and more.My main course was the Saunfiya Kesri Chicken which was on the "modern" section.  Who wouldn't pick it based on its description alone?:  Saffron-Fennel Roasted Chicken Breast, Fennel-Chive Creme, Mixed Vegetables!!!!!!  There was a heavy hand of black pepper on the veggies that I really really really really enjoyed and it went perfect with the chicken.  I wanted to fill an Olympic-sized pool with the creme sauce and do laps in it.Having a really good time with the food, I convinced my friend to split a dessert with me and we partook in the "Three Excuses"... they had great dessert names on the menu.  The excuses included a flour-less "Callibaut" chocolate torte, gulab jamun, baileys kulfi.  ALL WERE GREAT and a nice way to end the meal.Felt a little guilty when the check came - I had 2 glasses of wine with my meal and probably spent way more than I should for one person for one dinner, but I enjoyed it tremendously.  Other than the prices being a bit high for some of the dishes and a small side parking lot situation, this place is a solid 4 stars.
3	Good solid food in an upscale setting.We ate at Cooper on Memorial Day so it wasn't very busy.  We received excellent service and left very satisfied.  The spinach soup was too watery for my taste, but my son ate two bowls!  Wow!  Anyway, the chicken in both our entrees was a little dry (I noticed others have mentioned this also), but the flavors were spot on and made up for the issue with the chicken.  I have been craving Indian food ever since!
3	A solid 3.5We started with some delicious naan and a variety of dips. The mint and mango? chutney were a highlight of the meal.I had the Papdi / Mango / Watermelon Kachumber Salad which was refreshing but I wasn't sure that the onion seed dressing really suited the salad. I then had as my main dish the Allepy Masala Prawns  which were too heavily salted for my taste...but admittedly I am sensitive in this area. The prawns were served with probably the best part of my entire meal - the gigande beans pappu -Wow the sauce was deeeelicious. My dining partner had the croquette's and root veggie Wadas which were ok but not restaurant week worthy in my opinion. Finally we finished off our meal with Mocha Kulfi which is like a very sweet thick ice cream and a key lime pie. The key lime was excellent and I am not usually a fan. When it comes to Indian I have a soft spot for masala so I would like to come back and try something more traditionally Indian. Our service was absolutely great and the ambiance is fantastic. The outside area is really nice.Copper would make for an excellent first date.
4	Copper is a really great place to go if you are fairly new to Indian flavors and you want something upscale.  The restaurant is in an old house and it's beautiful.  Their curries are sort of mild and creamy, so spice lovers or serious Indian food aficionados may be a little disappointed, but they are well made and good quality.  High points of the meal were the samosa appetizer and the paneer kulcha (naan-like bread stuffed with cheese and saffron).  They also have an excellent wine list including some VERY pricey stuff -- it's easy to blow a bundle here.  But if you've got someone to impress Copper is a good place to go.
4	Excellent! Best indian food in town. Menu is split between Traditional fare and fusion. Great location (Dilworth) doesn't hurt, and the old Victorian house it's in adds to it's ambience. The only downside -not the cheapest Indian food in town, but that being said - this is the place I take family & friends when they're in from out of town.
4	So being one that has never tried real Indian food I was dying to try this place.  Hearing all the rant and raving about it I was pretty certain it would be great.....and IT WAS!  Single family home turned restaurant this place is very quaint and quite a nice romantic spot if given the right table placement.  My girlfriend and I got  a perfect window spot so I considered myself lucky :).  The service was great and very friendly too.  We got an order of bread to begin with that came out with a sampler of dipping sauces, one was mint based, the other two more like a ranch and then a more spicy concoction.  I wasn't a big fan of the mint.  For the main entree I tried the Murgh Tikka Masala.  It's chunks of chicken served in a quasi spicy tomato based sauce.  Served along with a side of rice it's the perfect combination of flavor and heartiness in a meal.  I ate it all with not a morsel to spare!  Also, just a note, I would have given this place a 5 star rating but there was one minor drawback.  The dining room area seemed to be pretty warm.  I don't like breaking a sweat while eating and especially if the food is warm already.  Maybe there were having a/c issues?  In short, that won't be enough to keep me from coming back.Also, not sure if it's still out there but there is a certificate on www.restaurant.com for this place ($25 off $35 purchase), use one of the 80% promo codes for the certificate and that's a big 'ol WIN!
4	Great food but snotty staff. We ended up sitting at the bar because we didn't make reservations regardless of the gazillion empty tables around when we walked in and after we left. Parking lot is limited and HORRIBLE. I'd eat here again IF/WHEN I ever make a reservation.
4	As an Indian, I would be lying to you if I said that Copper exemplifies traditional Indian cuisine. If I may be so bold, I would conclude that Copper's unique and cultural references make it a hot spot for the best fusion-style Indian cooking that I've been to in awhile. To give you some context, the way we eat Indian food back home is with our HANDS, fingers covered in butter chicken gravy, and pieces of chana masala stuck in between our teeth - all washed down by homemade raita and mango lassi. Never will you see Murgh Tikka or  Sheekh Kebab presented to you on contemporary bowls and platters the way it's done here. At these prices, I could probably buy a goat or three in India given current market conditions. From a taste standpoint, the flavors are certainly all there. They MUST have an Indian in the kitchen.... right next to a mixologist throwing masalas everywhere. "I know! How about Tandoori-spiced-cherry glazed duck confit in a soy-mushroom-black cumin broth with a parsnip-kale fricasse?!" (actual menu item) Dude, you just mixed 10 different nationalities together! Stick to your day job! Even so, from what I tasted, everything was surprisingly delicious and the complexities of each dish were visible and apparent from the outset all the way to the last bite. I also enjoyed the fact that there was portion control in a country with a struggling waist line, which allowed us to try numerous dishes and not feel overwhelmed. All in all, good food, good atmosphere, but don't expect your "curry" to be the kind you get in Mumbai or Delhi :P4/5
4	The food at Copper was quite tasty.  My dish, chicken in a sauce used for butter chicken, was fabulously delicious, except it was much tastier than butter chicken.  I have finally made the decision to purchase Jasmine rice.  Sam's sells a huge bag - I will have to learn to cook it properly first.  The atmosphere at lunch was typical, phone call here, phone call there.  However, the dish was delightful as was my company!
4	Lunch today at Copper was really good.  Parking was very convenient...no reservation required at this very popular restaurant.  Started out with a nice fresh salad...followed by the Amritsari Garlic Chicken appetizer.  Oh my goodness it was so good with the raita.  I had the Chettinad with chicken.  Oh so delicious and full of flavor.  It had a little hint of spice...and the chicken was cooked to perfection!  The lunch was served with rice and naan.  Service was very good!    I am looking forward to another trip to Copper very soon!!!
3	My husband and I visited Copper on a Friday night around 7.Summary: Unnecessarily snooty. Cool atmosphere, good food. Expensive for what it is. I may go back but I can live without it.Do you have a reservation? No? Then let us confer while you wait anxiously for a ruling on whether or not we will grant you a seat in our mostly empty restaurant.[time passes]Ok. We have decided we will seat you at the worst table in the restaurant, just around the corner from the front door and across from us. So we can watch you. Be sure to take in all the empty tables around you, especially the ones with windows and views of East, as penance for not making a reservation.Reservations for a place that's empty? That's a little self indulgent.[What went down]Our waiter was very kind and attentive and made some great recommendations.The meatball appetizer was amazing. I'm not a big lamb fan but these things were good. The sauce is super spicy and spectacular. The mango and grapefruit on the side is superfluous.My husband had the Bottle Masala Gosht. It was only ok.My chicken tikka masala was tastetastic. Though I don't find it materially better than the frozen chicken tikka masala meal from Trader Joes. $3 at home, or $15 with a side of shame?
3	Copper is always a bit of a hit or miss with me. Which kinda sucks for me since I am not a huge fan of Indian food in the first place so I don't go here often even though it is in walking distance from the workplace.The modernness of the interior is pretty cool, they sure managed to squeeze a ton of tables into a tight space! I would actually recommend this place for lunch over dinner. You get a nice soup or salad and much more reasonable prices for your money. The menu selection is also mostly the same during lunch as dinner so you won't be missing out on much. Make sure you get a certificate from restaurant.com before you go here, it'll save you quite a lot.The first time I went here was for dinner, and good thing I made reservations because this place was crowded up with at least an hour or so wait! The single slice of complimentary naan is not enough for most people so we ordered a serving of garlic naan, and boy was it good! Paired with this was a variety of chutneys that were very tasty. I especially liked the mint chutney. For my entree I had some sort of lamb curry which I did not each much of because I thought the lamb was fairly tough and the curry was really just too strong to eat by itself. My date kindly shared his chicken tikki masala with me which was much easier on my palate and easier to chew. The second time I was here for lunch with fellow yelper Adam R. and this time I just went for the chicken tikki masala to be safe, while my dining partner decided to be ambitious and got some sort of peppery lamb curry. It looked very hot so I didn't touch it for fear of having to run to the bathroom on a quest for water. One thing I miss about lunch here is instead of naan and chutney they give just give you soup or salad. The salad looked decent enough, but being the curious cat that I am I opted for soup. Well this soup I think could've been used for pizza sauce and I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference. I just spread some on my naan and ate it like that.Our waiter was perfectly decent and kept water glasses refilled the majority of the time for both visits, and duriing lunch it is pretty empty and we got to sit in the nice sun room instead of crammed into a corner at dinner. Seeing as this is about the only Indian cuisine available close to me and they have nice discounts quite often I'm sure I'll be back.
3	Summary - decent food, but not worth the average price on the menu. The atmosphere is trying to be upscale, but trying a little too hard. Overall it's a good restaurant, but if you are looking for authentic Indian food, it's not the place to go. All in, it's another Charlotte restaurant that believes it's located in New York and should be charging New York prices for Charlotte quality food. Take the 20 min drive from Uptown, go to Nirvana in Ballantyne instead and save yourself $50/person while having better Indian food.
1	If your looking for an Indian restaraunt....don't go to the Copper. If your looking for an Indian Fusion restaraunt...don't go here. HOWEVER, if your looking for an interesting American restaruant, then you can try this place. You may be dissapointed though....You'll notice that there are no "indian" people eating at this place...there's definately a reason why!
5	The BEST Chicken Tikka and Saag that I have ever had!! EVER! Every time I go to Charlotte I will eat here!
5	Best Indian I've ever had. Not saying too much as I have only been to a handful for Indian restaurants. But it was awesome, didn't stray too far from the traditional as I got the Chicken Masala, but best Masala I've ever tasted and my wife agreed.A must have for a nice occasion, a little on the pricier side but def worth it.
3	I'm going to give Copper 3 stars because it would be unfair to them to give less. Honestly, though, they're just a solid 2 1/2 stars, middle-of-the-road, restaurant, in my opinion.  For years, I've heard people singing the praises of Copper's food, but I could never convince myself that I really wanted to stop in for a bite.  Last night, the allure of 1000 bonus points on opentable.com and the excitement of being 1000 points closer to our $100 gift certificate spurring us on, Ginny and I decided to give Copper a try.  For starters, I don't want a modern take on ethnic food.  I simply want to eat authentic (or as close to authentic as I can get without eating the excretory parts of an animal) ethnic food.  If I lived in India perhaps a modern take on Indian food would excite my palate.  I do not live in India, though.  I live in Charlotte.  Unfortunately, ethnic restaurants in smaller cities have to cater to American taste buds in order to stay in business, and I believe Copper has subscribed to that philosophy.  Nouveau Charlotteans do love anything described as "modern," "upscale," or "urban," so Copper could serve Aunt Jemima pancakes smothered in masala and lure a crowd of identically dressed urban dwellers into their restaurant with the mere description of "an upscale and modern twist on a traditional pancake.  3 pancakes:  $25.99."  Sorry for the tangent....  On to the review.The naan was good.  The meat was overcooked.  The spices--the best part of Indian cooking--were not terribly bold.  Unfortunate.  The servers were attentive, professional and quick to offer a suggestion when asked about their favorite dish.  The food was overpriced for the quality.  The restaurant space is quite nice, and with quite a few overhauls to the menu I think that Copper could be nearly as fantastic as all the fantastic reviews.  Until then, I'll be staying away.
3	This place is located in an old house that looks pretty run down from the outside, but the inside is cozy and well decorated. It was very loud when we arrived and never really got quiet even after the room cleared out. The floor and walls seem to amplify the sound. We had scallops and garlic naan for our appetizer. The scallops were a little too chewy but the sauce and spices mostly made up for it. The garlic naan was buttery and garlicky, as it should be.Our main course was murgh tikka masala. We ordered it "indian hot" but it was pretty bland. The chicken seemed dry even though it had been sitting in sauce for at least a few minutes before we touched it.The service was attentive and kept our naan and water filled. I had trouble hearing anything the waiter was saying but I think it was more due to the general cacophony of the room rather than his quiet voice.As far as Charlotte goes, Copper is pretty good. It doesn't really compare to Indian food elsewhere but you can't be too choosy when in North Carolina.
2	After all of the hubub surrounding Copper and the rave reviews from my friends, we finally decided to give Copper a try...and were sorely disappointed. When we arrived at Copper, I was actually quite impressed with the interior of the house. It's well appointed and has a romantic atmosphere...you know, if you're into that sort of thing. We were seated quickly at a great table on the "porch" and the server even checked my coat for me. That's about where my positive comments will stop, so if you're a die hard Copper fan, you should probably stop reading.It took about 5 minutes for us to get water, about 10 minutes after that to place our wine order, and approximately 10 more minutes for the wine to actually arrive. Fortunately, it was delicious, unfortunately, our server literally stood there and read the entire back of the wine bottle after pouring it for us...awkward, he then walked away from the table before we were able to place our food order and came back about 10 minutes later to take it. We both went for the standard Indian fare; he chose the murgh (chicken) tikka masala and I chose the chicken chettinadu. We also got plain and garlic naan and the veg samosas.The samosas arrived are were really quite good, not greasy at all. However, there were only 2 and they were $7. I know Copper is an upscale joint, so I expected the prices, but $7 for 2 veg samosas seems a bit unreasonable to someone who has eaten Indian food before. I think the naan was $3 for 6 quarter rounds, I think you get quite a bit more for your money at other places, but all in all, it was tasty and worth the $3.Our food finally arrived (it really took a long time considering Indian food is always pre-prepared and just has to be ladled into bowls, probably about 25-30 minutes). The best way for me to describe both of our entrees would be "Meh." Perhaps they're catering to a more "upscale crowd" or just to the masses, but the curries were hardly spicy at all and there were quite literally, only, at most, 10 small chunks of chicken in each of our bowls. I love going to Indian restaurants and being able to select my spice level, but that's not the case at Copper. You get standard, mild, American curry whether you like it or not (maybe you can ask for spicier?). I also LOVE the left-overs you typically get at an Indian restaurant. "Free" lunch the next day is probably one of the best parts! The portions here are quite small, so don't expect lunch. Aside from being totally average, the chicken tikka masala was $17. Let me repeat that, SEVENTEEN DOLLARS. For a child's portion of chicken tikka masala. My chicken chettinadu was $19, for an equally child-like portion. I suppose if you've never eaten Indian food anywhere else and have a money-tree in your yard, this is probably a great deal. However, I got got by Copper. Our check for 2 entrees, naan, one appetizer and a bottle of wine (one of the cheapest on the list) was $120. For super average Indian food. Bummer.I realize, from other reviews, that people REALLY love Copper. Like, are OBSESSED with it. I, however, cannot join the masses and sing the praises of Copper, it's just not that good and it's incredibly over-priced. Granted, they have to pay for that super swanky East Blvd. address, but the food is nothing to go crazy over. My recommendation: Save your money and hit a hole in the wall place where $20 will get you enough food for 3 days, will actually have some flavor to it, and you'll get more service than you probably even want (and all the yummy freebies the hole in the wall places give you to snack on!).
2	I found Copper to be style over substance: Beautiful decor, fanciful plating, and superior service. The food, however, overpriced, under-portioned, and lack some of the classics of Indian cuisine.I love Indian food because it can offer some of the most delicious guiltless meat-free meal options (which carnivores like myself often appreciate), which is why I was shocked at the overwhelmingly meat-based entrees here. My old favorites like palak paneer or malai kofta were replaced by seabass or duck-confit. I was so thrown off that I actually checked to make sure that I indeed entered the correct restaurant. It is nice to see modern interpretations of Indian food, but I was not prepared to drop $20+ on unfamiliar dishes using ingredients that I have never seen in Indian restaurants before. Perhaps they should consider expanding the more 'traditional' menu items. I ended up getting the samosas, garlic naan, and tikki masala (as I do not eat seafood, which eliminates a chunk of the menu). The portions made be feel like a child again, due to their size. I left hungry and still craving Indian food, and a little cheated. I was even more perplexed at how I paid nearly $30 for the pleasure of that experience. I do not see Copper in my future.
5	Probably My favorite place to go in Charlotte. A great restaurant for Indian and Indian fusion fare. I take customers here all the time and never had anyone not enjoy their meal. Besides the food the staff is excellent.
3	Really loved the food but think its WAY overpriced.  Will be an occasional stop when Im craving indian -but Im from chicago and got the same delicious indian for half the price so its hard to stomach the prices.  Great Tikki masala and nann.  To Copper- lower your prices and you could have a real loyal following- but for most people you have priced yourself into being a very occasional visit.
4	I agree with many who say this is a 3.5. Part of me loves this place - always a Restaurant.com option to save some dough, the house it's in permiates a warmness that I love to curl up in, and the food is good. On the other end of the spectrum, I feel like the quality is good but Woodlands is better, the prices are a little high for the portions you get (especially for dessert!), and the service is a bit on the slow side. Would I go here again? Of course. Am I an Indian Foodie? No, so take this review with a few grains of salt. Should you go to Woodlands if you have the chance? Definitely, unless you're in those beginning dates where you really want to impress the other person with la-ti-da, low lighting places (in which case, this is a good option!).
3	I have been to Copper twice.  The food is excellent.  Sometimes you just want Indian food in a nicer setting - this is the place.  I'm not an Indian food expert, but I love it and am continually disappointed with the availability of it in Charlotte.However, I am totally unimpressed with the service at Copper.  Both times I've found the service to be extremely slow.  During my recent experience, the server didn't even check back after we got our food.  Normally this wouldn't have bothered me, but I really needed a small spoon for my kid, and eventually tracked down a hostess to get one.  She forgot, and by the time we were able to get our waiter's attention, we were done eating.I probably will not go back any time soon, as I can't justfy spending that kind of money for service that's lacking.The fact that this place is slammed even during the week at 6pm despite the poor service just speaks to the dearth of other Indian options in this town.
3	It was our first time here, and my first time experiencing Indian cuisine, and while I liked most of the food, it seemed a little overpriced for the what we were served for restaurant week.  We came for a friend's birthday party, and the hostess gave us the regular menu so we were a little confused when we sat down, but our waiter clarified we were given the wrong menu for Restaurant Week.  The waiter was attentive and pleasant, and patient with our questions.  We each got one first course, one main course and one dessert.  We were told for this special, we do not receive complimentary Naan.  However, they brought us some at the start of the meal and we were told it was on the house.  I loved my Corn-Asparagus- Black Beans "Tikki-Chole" which was quite plentiful.  However, most of the other first courses were pretty small.  Maybe this is what Indian meals are like.  The main courses were good, although I found my two large Scallops on the chewy side, but the sauce and salmon were delicious!  I heard the restaurant is very good for vegetarians, and we were surprised to see the only main course available for vegetarians was the Kachoril Waali Dal & Mushroom Medley Rolls, and our vegetarian guest of honor did not care for mushrooms at all.  This made it a bit uncomfortable for us having to ask the waiter if we could substitute a regular menu item.  Fortunately they did, but not until after the waiter informed us that he doubted they would do anything special since we all had to order off this menu.  Really??  We all agreed the dessert offered, the Mocha Kulfi - spiced cherry syrup, candied fennel dust, was horrible!  It tasted like stale, hard, corn bread with a hint of Pine-Sol cleaner.  While the food was good (but not worth even the special $30 a meal/$15 a plate), the ambiance pleasant, the company top notch, I don't think I would go out of my way to return here, especially when the prices would be even higher.  I would like to try a more casual Indian dining experience though and get a wider variety of options and sizes.
4	Love this place. Went here with my boyfriend for dinner one night and it is all around fantastic. The setting is cute and eclectic and extremely romantic. The foo d is very flavorful and the whole experience generally was top notch. Will definitely go again!
5	Great Indian food,  great atmosphere and great service. I also appreciated the waiter being very receptive and helpful when we were picking out dishes knowing we'd never had Indian before.
3	I was honestly very disappointed with this place. I expected a lot more, esp because they had such a nice website and interior :PMy bf and I came here for restaurant week (RW), and upon entering the restaurant around 6pm or so on a Saturday, it was already busy, which is always a good sign. We were greeted by a hostess and lead to a table. It was really dark inside! But the interior was very cute, very romantic and intimate. I liked that. And it was inside a house, which is super cute. I would've given it two stars, but I really liked the interior and the food was decent. I ordered:-Tamarind-Curry Leaf Prawns: These little guys were tasty! I really loved the sweetness of the chutney and the contrast with the tamarind. It was a little confusing at first, because I'm used to eating tamarind in Vietnamese dishes, and it's used a little differently, but I thought the flavors paired well overall.-Seafood "MelJol": I thought the scallops in this were a little undercooked. The dish also got boring pretty quickly. They gave me like four or five scallops, which is generous of them, but the flavors were not something that stood out to me. But, overall, a good dish.-Chocolate cake: This was their "house" chocolate cake. It was kind of dry... And also not as chocolatey as I would've liked.I honestly don't remember what my bf ordered, and nothing on the RW's website menu strikes a chord, so hopefully what I did review is enough!Also, our waiter was pretty terrible. He seemed really young and inexperience. My bf was asking about the Indian dessert option they had on the menu (I believe it was halwa?), and instead of explaining what the dessert was, our waiter just kept repeating, "It's like halwa. It's like.. um, halwa." My bf started asking about ingredients ("Is it the flour-y... or nutty...?"), but our waiter kept responding in a non-helpful manner. Lastly, their RW menu says, at the very bottom, "$30/person including tax and tip." Clearly, that cannot/was not true. False advertising.
5	First time at an Indian rest... and the food was wooonnnderful! Ambiance was nice, service was excellent. The Naan was out of this world good... the Tikka Masala yum... and the Chettinadu was terriffic (and i don't care for curry). Indian is not my first choice in food... but i would not hesitate for a moment to go back (or take others there).
5	Ash was our server and helped us plan the perfect dinner.Our friend from Dallas, Texas was in town and she was so impressed!Service excellent, food outstanding, fresh, flavorful and presentation suburb!The decor is beautiful and the environment lovely!My husband and I have this as one of our top 5 restaurants in the Charlotte area.We WILL be back!
5	Excellent food, excellent service and excellent ambiance. Whether you love Indian food or have less adventurous guests in your party copper has something for you. For the "gourmond" section of the menu has sauces on the plate like an upscale american or french style plating while there are also all the traditional Indian dishes. Love the mango mousse cake for dessert, samosas for appetizers, chicken tikka, also have had some of the vegetarian dishes. Loved everything we've had there so far. Five stars all the way.
4	Oh, my my my...No chutney ferrets here my friend. Very flavorful and well prepared traditional as well as more contemporary Indian dishes. Nice wine selection too. Staff is nice, location in historic house is cool too Try something outside your comfort zone and be surprised.
2	I don't tend to give restaurants bad reviews but this time I had no option.  Here is a little background on a recent experience we had at Copper.  A cousin of mine graduated from college this past weekend and we decided to go to Copper's sister restaurant Blue Taj for dinner.  I have had food from Blue Taj before and the type of food they serve was perfect for the group of people that were going to dinner.  When we called to make reservations we spoke to the owner who said they had no room available for our large party but Copper his other restaurant Copper could accommodate us.  He said the restaurants were the same and said he would make a reservation for us there.  We agreed and thought nothing of it.  I have heard from a few people regarding Copper and they had said the food was good there so I decided to do no further research.  After graduation we arrived at the restaurant and within minutes I realized this might not have been a good idea.  The concept of Copper is not the same as Blue Taj.  Anyone would tell that from the menu and the ambiance.  Considering we had a large number of vegetarians with us the menu was lacking on those options.  We had already sat down and ordered drinks so there was no other option for us.  The portions at Copper are small and not worth the price they were charging.  The type of India restaurant I was expecting was one where we could all share different dishes but that definitely is not the way Copper is set up.  The food here is what you would call modern Indian food and not traditional.  That was why it was really hard for me to find dishes for my family who are used to the traditional dishes that are served at most Indian restaurants.  The one dish that was VERY well executed was the Lamb Meatballs.  It was cooked perfectly and the sauce it was served in was delicious.  On the opposite in the chicken appetizer and the shrimp appetizer were horrible.  The chicken was extremely bland and and not well executed.  As far as the shrimp is concerned if I'm paying almost $15.00 for a dish I expect more then 4 SMALL pieces of shrimp with no flavor.  The dinner portions were bigger but should not carry an average price tag of $20 a dish.  If this restaurant was well executed I know I would enjoy it.  I enjoy new age Indian food and don't mind splurging ever now and then but it has to be worth it.  This place was not.  And the fact that we were told it was the same as Blue Taj was a huge blunder on management's part  This is not a place you should take everyone for a large family dinner.  This is a place for smaller groups and corporate dining.  The service and ambiance is nice but again because of the food and confusion I can't give it more than 2 stars.
4	We found this place on Zagat's and Yelp as we were traveling southward. We'd already planned a stop in Charlotte, so we thought this sounded great. It's in a beautiful early 20th century home, nicely set back from the street and with a nicely decorated interior (a lot of - ahem - copper in the decorations). SO - a nice first impression.We read that their specialties are Indian and Indian/fusion, so (since we have a lot of good Indian fare not far from us) we both went with the fusion-y side of the menu. The bread (I can't now recall what it was - naan-like, with fillings) was delicious, and the main courses were both really good. Again, I waited too long to post, and I don't recall what we had; my husband really liked his, probably fish - mine (probably chicken) was good, but I felt a little let down - I'd hoped for more oomph and flavor.Portions were reasonable, prices high but not out of line. Setting is fabulous - elegant, romantic. Definitely liked it, would go again (but I might go for Indian food this time instead of fusion - it smelled wonderful).
4	The atmosphere at Copper is very cool.  It's an old house that has been converted into a restaurant.  The servers are probably not the most friendly, but they keep your drinks filled.  The Tikka Masala (probably spelled wrong) is delicious.
3	OK Yelp, how in the world do I rate a restaurant where the food is excellent yet the service is poor? Last week,  I met friends for lunch and the wait was painful (at lunchtime.) Later arrivals were served before our table. Basically, the service was slow and a bit "cold." I have been to Copper many times and the service seems to always be an issue.I absolutely love their Chicken Tikka Masala (yeah, I know - not authentic Indian) but a REALLY love their version of it - served with that beautiful Basmati rice and naan that floats up out of the basket. That's why I go to Copper but the service is getting to me.....
4	Definitely a fan of Copper. I also love that I can use Restaurant.com coupons here too. When I first came here, I thought I was going to somebody's house, haha. I usually get the Chicken Chettinadu for my entree. I love they give us Naan, but it's usually not enough for me, so I end up ordering a Garlic Naan on top of that. Overall, a pretty good spot. I know they're making the most of the square footage in "somebodys house", but some of the seating arrangements are a tad bit too close to other peoples' personal space. Either way, I'm still a fan and will continue to stop on in, assuming I have coupons, haha.
5	I moved away from Charlotte two years ago and I really liked the city, but Copper is the single thing I miss most about Charlotte. The food is amazing and the service is excellent. It is legitimately my favorite restaurant anywhere. Get the Chicken Tikka Masala made spicy with garlic naan, you will not regret it.
4	This is my all time favorite place for Indian food. The chicken tikka masala is perfect with big chunks of white chicken breast. I also love that it's a mild dish here since i'm not a big fan of spicy food. I've gone here many times with either my husband for dinner or a bunch of girlfriends for lunch. It is a nicer place though and not as kid friendly as I would like. But the waiters are always kind and willing to help out however they can.  The entrees are huge! My husband and I will order a single entree of the Tikka Masala for pick up and its enough for both of us. If you do a phone order don't forget to ask for rice and naan. The naan is SO good here.
5	The historical house that houses the restaurant is nice and the food was fantastic. My friend ordered the chicken tikka masala which was some of the best i've tasted. And the dish i ordered -- the scallop dish (i forget the name) had so many vegetables in it that it was ridiculous (asparagus, broccoli, cauliflower, beans, carrots, tomatoes, onions, green/red peppers...), but amazingly in spite of that it was delicious and well prepared.  The flavors were so appetizing, but not overwhelming. Looking at the prices initially i was apprehensive, but surprisingly, it was actually worth the cost.
5	Phenomenal!  The chicken tikka was out of this world - best I've ever had!  The simosas were also top notch. My friend ordered the scallop dish - which oddly came with every vegetable imaginable (asparagus, tomatoes, onions, peppers, carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, beans, + more!) and although it was different that's not necessarily a bad thing. The ambiance was very... Romantic (soft lighting with tea lights at each table). Will def'ly return here when I visit Charlotte  next. Some may say it is too pricey, but believe me, it's worth every penny.
5	I can not remember ever having Indian food before, and was taken to Copper on a first date.  Not only was the date impressive but so was the restaurant.  Seated in a beautiful glassed in room over looking the street, the service was wonderful, and the food even better.  There is a delicious Roasted Red Pepper soup that is FABULOUS.  It is not on the menu every day, and my date had gone the night before to ask if they could make it for us, and they did!  (You can see why both the date and restaurant impressed me, :D )Since I have never had Indian food (that i recall) I let my date take the lead and order for us, and he did wonderful!  He ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, which is chicken breast in a creamy curry (maybe tomato/coconut as well) sauce, served over rice.  If i could have licked my plate and still looked like a lady i so would have done it!  lol  He also ordered lamb over rice which was also very tasty.  For desert you MUST try the Kulfi.  The best way to describe Kulfi is to say it is similar to an Ice Cream type desert, but more dense.  It has a wonderful, yet different flavor, due to the addition of cardamom.  Copper offers several flavors, and we tried quit a few of them, and ALL of them were delicious.Defiantly a 5 star experience all around, atmosphere (very romantic), wait staff did a wonderful job, food was fantastic, and their presentation is BEAUTIFUL (makes you almost a little sad to dig in and mess it up)!!  Can't wait to go back!And as for the date, he's mine now, sorry ladies! lol.
4	Came for dinner. Relatively small menu and not a lot of the things you expect to find at an Indian restaurant but everything I had was delicious. Next time I'm in Charlotte I will definitely come back. If you didn't notice the sign in the front yard, you might think this was just a house on a residential street, which is what it used to be. There is a small parking lot to the side. Servers were all friendly and prompt. The "Murgh Chicken Tikka Masala" is delicious, but it's definitely enough for two, especially if you are getting anything else. I had the soup of the day, which was a delicious creamy roasted red pepper puree. (Not spicy at all - like roasted red bell peppers.) I also got the garlic naan, which was light and fluffy with garlic and oil rubbed on it - very tasty. The kulfi desert was a very small pyramid of three different flavored ice creams surrounded by 4 little pieces of dried figs and a "smear" of blueberry on the dish. Very pretty, but probably not big enough for two unless you just want to share a few bites of something sweet.
4	As an self-proclaimed Indian food connoisseur, I was very impressed with Copper.  I thought it was a good restaurant for folks who are new to Indian food and the staff was very helpful to my co-worker who was with me and had never tried it!  They did not have the standard Indian lunch buffet, but it was affordable, large portions and you got a salad and naan.  I personally like the variety of the buffet, but the environment of Copper made up for not have one. :) I loved that the restaurant is in an old house, too.  There is a covered patio that was very nice to enjoy the view outside.
3	Yes, the food is very very tasty with a nice fusion complexity. But the portion sizes are so meager, I would not come back unless on a corporate expense account.To illustrate: we got the garbanzo beans (channa)...For $12, they brought out about a dozen beans. Really? I don't understand gouging your customers when it costs a restaurant 50cents to make someone happy and full.
2	Its Indian-American fusion restaurant.... Naans are good, chettinad chicken is just ok.. Dessert and appetizers are over prized ....
4	All the wonderful reviews of this place are right on. The chicken tika masala is to die for. My spice tolerance is usually much higher than most so when asked how spicy, I responded, "Korean spicy". The meal came out just right for my taste. You are paying for the ambiance so be prepaid to pay twice as much as you would for a mom and pop Indian restaurant.
5	The saag paneer and tikka masala at this restaurant is top notch. I come here often for lunch. Personally I think this the best Indian restaurants in Charlotte. I look forward to my next visit here.
2	Before I get into the review, I want to say that I really really really wanted to like this place. My husband had been discouraging in trying the place out and I insisted that with so many raving reviews on Yelp, the restaurant surely had to be doing something right. SO we went on a Saturday night after making online reservations for 3. We were seated at the window overlooking East Blvd, with a street lamp glaring in our face from across the street (Perhaps some sheers will help this?) We placed our drink orders and then a secondary waiter gave the complimentary hot and fluffy naan w/ chutney tray. We then ordered a salad and the samosa potli (pouch). The salad was average and plentiful, however the samosa was tasty yet very small portioned. Both were $7.Next we ordered our entrees: 2 'modern' vegetarian dishes and 1 non-veg. The goat cheese malai kofta was not flavored or seasoned. The only taste was of the goat cheese. The other veg dish was a tomato-potato dish. This was also the same way. According to the Yelp reviews, the chicken tikka was a must-order. I couldn't differ more on that opinion. The dish was wayy too creamy and not flavored at all. Add to the fact that you can only make the tikka more spicy and not the veg dishes because it's already prepped?! What Indian restaurant has that policy?Needless to say, the only things above average were the naan and the secondary waiter's service. Below average was the tasteless food. Copper, please don't insult the Indian diner by serving this food that you call "authentic and modern." And this is before I even got to the price point of the food. Simply highway robbery when you charge customers that much for flavorless entrees.  I would not recommend this place to even a person trying Indian food time for the first time.
4	great indian food! they have a little different menu from the ordinary indian places, they have a lot of  "modern dishes" which is basically they put a little twist to the traditional indian dishes!
4	Very good but definitely "modern". The food is not spicy at all and even the hot sauce they brought out to me wasn't that spicy. However, I still like it. The ambiance is great and the staff is nice and the food is good.
4	I was there yesterday for valentines day and i adored the food! its VERY flavorfull and yummy! you get to pick between two menus, traditional and modern. I would go for the chicken masala or the other chicken chartinodu (I believe?) they were both very yummy. Its pricey for my taste but i guess it deserves a twice a year visit  :P I also did not like the fact its VERY dark inside, i could barely read the menu. But the food is very great.
3	Cool atmosphere in a great neighborhood, but the food itself was just - ok.  I had the seafood with saag (spinach sauce).  Decent flavor, but honestly nothing to write home about.  Guess I need to try more Indian food to fairly compare.
4	Great Indian Fusion
4	I went to Copper last Friday for lunch using a gift certificate.  I was pleased with the food and the service.  The down side I have is the additional gratuity listed after the first gratuity has been added.  Overall I would eat their again and recommend it.  I think next I need a corporate credit line for all the food I wanted to sample.  :)
5	Amazing! We love Cooper...it is our all time favorite restaurant! Every single time we come we have a wonderful experience... The atmosphere is inviting, the service suburb and the food consistently excellent! Once you have had Cooper... No other Indian food compares. The chicken tikka masala is heaven!!!
5	Need to get back here.What a nice experience. The food was fantastic,the service was great and set in this cool old house on East blvd sets up for a fun night out!
5	Yum! Flavorful!  Everything we had was so delicious.  The ambience is great, the food is really flavorful.  Loved it all!
5	Okay so this is probably the best Indian food I've had in Charlotte!! I haven't tried them all but I was very impressed by Copper!!First off the staff was amazing!! Seriously every single person (and there were many) who helped us, cleared, seated us, served us, etc was absolutely the best. We ordered a bottle of wine (Cabernet Sauvignon) and it was really nice. I didn't do the choosing so I can't remember the name or how much it was but again very nice. We started out with the samosas which were A+ in my opinion. The hot sweet sour chutney they sat on was Delicious!!  They also brought out naan and the trio of chutneys (mango, mint, yogurt). The mango and mint were phenomenal (yes I will most like use every adjective in the book in this review). The mint was very unmint (can that be a word?) like and seemed more like a refreshing cucumber flavor which I'm not a cucumber fan but it was great. The mango was great and I could eat in on toast every morning!!  I ordered the saffron, almond, and paneer kulcha (bread) which was very good and the chicken chettinadu which was is my new favorite Indian dish. My partner in crime had the garlic naan and the chicken tikka masala which was also excellent. I will say the one drawback was neither dish had a lot of heat to it. I'm a person who really likes things spicy and we ordered the masala hot but it definitely wasn't even mild. That aside it was still so amazing!! For dessert we chose Hedonism which included 4 samples of desserts. These were the flourless chocolate torte (my absolute favorite!!), the gulab jamun (very good, best I've had but still not really sold on it), Bailey's kulfi (ice cream... it was good, just ice cream), and a 4th that we have no idea what it was... some kind of sorbet ice cream type thing but it tasted very much like it had cardamom in it and it was my friends favorite.I will definitely be back to Copper again and again and again as I loved the entire experience.  *sidenote I saw someone commented on the portions and we definitely did not have that problem... our meals came with more food than either of us has been served in an Indian restaurant before and he's from London!!*Atmosphere wise it's a really intimate and great place to have dinner.  The lighting is really really dark which is great for most people but I found it a little hard to see (I'm night blind...) otherwise great decor.A+++ for this place!!
5	We loved the ambiance, location and food. It was an awesome experience. The food was rightly spiced as indicated, the variety was good and portions were large enough.
4	My hubby and I are big fans of Indian cuisine, we've tried a lot of restaurants and finally got to trying Copper. The ambiance was great! service was excellent! Every first time we go to an Indian restaurant we try the Tika masala chicken. At copper the Tikka Massala presentation looks great!! however, I've tried better versions of Tika Masala here in Charlotte (the university Indian place). That's the only reason I gave it a 4 instead of a 5, everything else they excelled in!The appetizer was great! they gave me hot tea which was REALLY good :)Must try restaurant :)
3	Indian cuisine at it's finest. Literally. There are a handful of decent Indian restaurants in the area and I would say this is definitely one of the more upscale places to go. Great venue- served out of a remodeled home and VERY fancy interior! Outdoor seating. The food is pretty decent and their cocktails are impressive. Can be VERY pricy. My only complaint is/ was service. The food prep and transit time is adequate, wasn't the issue at all. Apparently their staff thinks it's alright to tack on their mandatory 20% gratuity in the event you use any type of gift card, or discount. That's an initial check without mandatory gratuity, and a final check WITH one. Nowhere in their gratuity policy does it say anything about this, but of course they tell you it's how they do things. Shady. Congrats Copper, you just lost yourself a customer.
3	a good selection of interesting fusion or classic Indian fares but not everything passes the test on the menu. the wine by the glass selection is poor. The location is nice and restaurant comfortable. During warm days the terrace in the front is very pleasant.
5	Bottom line - we have chosen Copper twice, both times for birthdays, and both times we were absolutely glad we did! The food is WAY above typical Indian cuisine...the menu features traditional options as well as some very unique and well-considered new twists. Our biggest challenge is to try and choose from such a well-executed menu. We have played it safe with one dish - Tikka Masala, both times, and both times it was the best we've ever had. Period. Recently went with a new twist, a black sesame apricot chili glazed chicken  - top notch...very tender white meat perfectly grilled and glazed. A fantastic new option! Of course the naan and rice were all up to expectations. Wine list could be a bit broader and California-oriented but our choices paired well.Dessert was a carrot "pudding" along with an indian ice cream and star anise syrup. I really went out on a limb on this one but was VERY happy I did. The carrot pudding was served as two small egg roll style tubes, fried on the outside for a nice crunch and a soft, warm carrot filling. The ice cream was not spicy or out there...almost maple in it's flavor and nicely paired with the carrot. Glaze had almost no tace of licorice flavor but instead was sweet and could have been more present...great!!The service was good both times. The ambiance is very upscale...great for dates and special occasions.Highly recommended...we will not hesitate for a moment to refer friends and go back more often! We love Copper!
3	You pay for location and excellent service, but the food was average.We got the Amritsari Garlic Chicken for an app.  I came out with 1 kebab chicken portion with a few carrots for garnish.  It was good, but for the price, I would have passed,not that good.We were given 2 pieces of naan as an app with 3 dipping sauces. One yogurt, another lemongrass mixture, and the other an apricot spread. All good.My husband got the Murgh Tikka Masala and I got the Chicken Chettinadu. Both were average. Nothing to go and tell mom about really. I asked the waiter to make it spicy, because I love my Indian food spicy as you can get it.  I was not impressed with the spiciness as the waiter promised. It was a good dish if you were not used to Indian food and give it a try, but not really authentic . A few suggestions for the restaurant from a first time customer. TURN THE MUSIC DOWN!! I am not in a disco club and don't want to start throwing glow-sticks around the room. The music was way too loud and like house electronica and indian. Weird, not my cup of tea for wanting a relaxing meal. Also if you want some better curb appeal put some flowers in those flower pots as you walk in the building, the dead flowers that were probably there from last year can be replaced. And do something about those pillars that look like they had old wallpaper wrapped around them from many years ago.Closing out. The tip was already included with your price. So be ready to pay the 15-30 percent of your total bill when you checkout. I don't remember seeing that on the menu (it may have been there, but didn't recall it.Overall, 3 out of 5.   Wish had more of a selection instead of a 1 page menu, and the music selection. Service was excellent, but lack the authentic cuisine I expected from my money.I highly recommend Passage to India in University if you want to get your grub on. They have been my favorite for many years because of the authenticity and the quality of food. When you see the culture flock to a restaurant like this you know its amazing. Go check them out.
5	Even if you think you don't like Indian food, you will love this place. Brought many people from my office here who were hesitant on eating Indian food and now they ask when are we going back. I recommend going here for lunch over dinner, because you get a better deal for the price. Dinner gets a little expensive. Venue is one of those interesting houses on east bvd...with a nice outdoor seating area. Great atmosphere on the inside, nice authentic servers, and interesting music throughout your experience there. Think I heard some club music once...but hey it got you ready to eat some naan and rice. They have traditional and modern options on the menu. I stick to the traditional dishes, which is pick a sauce with a protein. You get soup or salad with that, as well as much rice and naan you could possibly eat. Having tried all of the sauces, which are all good, my favorite two are the tikka Masala and the vin d' alho (spicier dish). If it's your first time try the tikka masala, the sauce is unbelievable. You won't want to stop eating it...especially when you dip your naan in there. I make sure I make it there at least once a month...sometimes more. Trust me you'll love it.
2	My wife and I went there and were excited to try another Indian place. We eat Indian food once a week and love it! It's a renovated house like a few places on East Blvd. Looked great very much a nice place to bring your date.To start they brought us out a single piece of Naan with 3 dipping sauces. Which was pretty good.For an appetizer we did the Amritsari Garlic Chicken. It was a nice presentation but very lite on the seasoning and a very small portion. lucky if it were 3 oz. For an App this small and bland it just isn't worth it to order at all.For dinner My wife ordered her fav dish (Chicken Chittinadu) and she requested spicy, real spicy and I ordered mine the Murgh Tikka Masala. Once again the presentation was fancy but the meal was very light on spices. My dish was really more like a thick tomato soup with chicken than a spicy Tikka Masala like I am used to and Hers was barely negligible on the spicy level.Lastly and the biggest thing I didn't like was adding in 30% gratuity automatically on a $37 bill the tip was auto billed in at $11. This was for a party of TWO people.Overall it is a nice Indian Restaurant if you have never had Indian Food before and want someplace nice to take a date.Save some cash and a go to Passage To India (University Area). Great food, huge menu (Vegan and Regular). Out of the five places we have gone to in Charlotte they are still the best.If you've never tried Indian...you will prolly like it.
2	I am very disappointed to write a heavy-on-the-negative-side review of this place. I was soooo looking forward to trying it out and having a wonderful experience but I ended up short. Our waiter was very attentive in the beginning but then he got distracted by a party of girls who either had too much to drink or were just normally extremely outgoing and forward with their conversation. In any case, they were chatting and chatting and chatting and stiiill chatting by the time we had finally set our menus down because we were tired of waiting to order. Their chat probably went on for a good 10-15 minutes in front of our table without our orders having been taken. I didn't worry about it too much but by the end, I was getting frustrated. I know our waiter was probably giving us time to review the menu, but it still seemed a little excessive. Once we ordered, our food did not take too long to arrive but it was definitely mediocre and did not give off a fresh taste. I asked for my food to be prepared spicy and that request was accommodated. We had a restaurant.com coupon and I gave it to our waiter prior to his preparation of our bill. I did not realize a certain percentage of tip was automatically included in the bill until I went to add the tip myself. It appears they automatically added 18%. Now, this is annoying to me. I know some people may not tip properly but I am a regular 20%+ tipper and while our service was not exactly stellar, I probably still would have left a very generous amount (on the full bill, not just the discounted price). Needless to say, I did not add any additional tip to our bill. Don't think I'll ever be going back to this place- not necessarily because the food or atmosphere is bad, but just because the food is not worth the money (you can get similar tasting food at a cheaper Indian buffet place) and the service wasn't the best. As I said, I am feeling very heavy with disappointment just writing this review and it's not even my business! I had high expectations and was super excited to finally try this place but it wasn't all I thought it would be.
3	So, I LOVE Indian food. Then why have I lived in Charlotte for so long and never tried Copper? Well, for one there's Woodlands and it's basically perfect and why go anywhere else? But also because I'm intimated by the fancy and let's be honest, I'm super duper CHEAP!I finally decided to give Copper a try when my main homie, Rachel B. informed me that  http://http://www.restaurant.com/  basically always has a coupon for them. $10 for $25 worth of food, but with a minimum purchase of $37.50. GET ON THAT!Freshly printed coupon in tow, my boyfriend and I headed over to Copper super early (5:30pmish) to beat any Thursday night dinner crowd there might be. The place wasn't crowded and there was plenty of seating inside and out. But when we walked up to the hostess stand they asked if we had reservations. Me: "umm, no? do we need them?" // host: "no, but typically it's best to have them" // me: "well, can you accommodate us then? // host: "well, yes. follow me..."   I don't know why it rubbed me the wrong way, it just did.Moving on, Copper is basically a big Victorian style house made into a modern, upscale restaurant. Lots of candles, white table cloths, etc. They even put your napkin on your lap for you!!!I've eaten at a lot of Indian restaurants, but even i was a little intimidated by the menu (or maybe it was all the meat dishes I didn't understand). I had to double check with the waiter and make sure everything I was interested in was vegetarian, because it wasn't clearly indicated. Which, the server seemed a little annoyed by. Oh well. We were given a complementary trio of sauces: a sweet mango lassi style, a yogurt based, and a mint based sauce. They were all delish, but the mango was my favorite. The only thing is, the only gave us one piece of naan each. I had to waste the rest of the sauce sampler because we didn't get enough bread to finish it with. What's with that??We had the Samosas as an appetizer. They were good, but way too small... like little golf balls. 2 for $7? Please...My boyfriend ordered the Scallops dish off the Modern menu. He was very pleased with his selection. He loves big scallops and he gave these two thumbs up. $23 dish.I ordered the Goat Cheese-Vegetable "Roasted Koftas" also off the Modern menu. $17 dish. AMAZING!!!! The dish came with three little koftas, the size of fingerling potatoes. They were plump and packed full of flavor.  On top was a "mixed vegetable tarkari". I'm still not sure which veggies they were  (they were julienne cut into thin strips), but I was pleased. The real shining star of this dish was the bed of sauce listed on the menu as "tomato-honey-fenugreek". SO SO SO SO SO GOOD. So many rich flavors going on, it was like an explosion on my palette. The dish was a little spicy, but not crazy, just right. We split two orders of bread: garlic naan and saffron kulcha. The garlic naan ($3) was pretty basic, yummy, but nothing phenomenal. The kulcha ($7) was surprisingly bland for it's ingredients: saffron, almonds, and paneer. Hmm. Overall, I was super impressed with my main course, but not my appetizer or bread. The food was delicious, but WAY OVERPRICED (Our total before coupon was $57!!). You basically pay for the atmosphere here, so make it a special occasion to celebrate and birthday, reunion or raise.We'll be back maybe, but it'll probably be a while til we can save up for an "fancy" night again.
4	I love trying new things. Including ethnic food. We ended up at Copper because my mom was in town and we wanted to be adventurous. She lives in a small rural town where "chinese" is the only real ethnic option. Her question, "Do they have things without curry? I don't like the spice."So the Mr checked out the menu and found just the perfect thing for her: a dish with chicken in a tomatoey cream sauce. Let's just say that my mom was victorious. She ate it all. Unapologetically.As for the Mr, he got something with lamb. I tried the sauce and was impressed.I ordered something with spinach and fingerling potatoes. It was "spicy," but my nose wasn't running 5 minutes in, so it wasn't THAT spicy. The flavors were just perfect.We ordered the naan, and it's my favorite of all the Indian places I've tried. It's served with a few sauces - my favorite was the fruity one, followed by the herby green one. (Yes, I know, I could look up the names, but I can't even pronounce them!)Notes:Service was wonderful. We arrived on a Saturday night at 6:15 with a reservation, sat outside, and were treated tremendously, despite our lack of ordering alcohol. Our server was very kind, thoughtful, offered a recommendation when asked, and according to mom, smelled good. (Always a plus.)I don't know why other people have complained about service, because ours was just so outstanding.As we were leaving, the inside was starting to fill up, so reservations, especially on a weekend, are a good idea.It was a very positive experience for us, and we can't wait to go back!
4	I'm a huge fan of Indian cuisine and I've been wanting to check out Copper for some time now. Indian was on our radar this past weekend and Copper was the ticket. Boy, oh boy, am I glad we checked it out. High notes: Naan. Easily some of the best naan I've had in town. Served piping hot, holds a great chew, serves at the unparalleled vehicle for all things Indian. It was awesome. Saffron Almond Paneer. This is a great passed plate and has tons of different flavors to choose from -- sweet, mild spice, herby. The paneer inside the naan was wonderful. The whole traditional side of the menu is great. Plenty to choose from and definitely doesn't disappoint with the portions served. We were all thrilled with our entrees and shared plenty with one another. Which goes to show, the pricepoint with the given portion, in my opinion, is rather fair. They brought us so much extra naan, rice, and there was plenty for all of us to enjoy individually as well as share amongst the table. Three of us made it out under $70 (no alcohol) and we were stuffed. The menu is definitely a bit pricier than other places in town -- Avg around $18/person. However, I wouldn't let the prices deter coming back at all. The amount of food, ambiance (the patio is gorgeous on a temperate evening), stellar/professional service, and location with ample parking makes the price per dish a non-issue. Or.....naan issue. Looking forward to checking out their sister restaurant in Ballantyne -- The Blue Taj. Cheers.
3	Menu was unique and different.  Prices seemed just a tad high for most of the fare.  Food quality was above average.  My only dig is the value.
3	The food had great flavor. My 'modern' scallop dish was delicious and perfect with the Riesling we had chosen. The samosas were yummy, but difficult to eat. The exterior could not be cut with a fork or a knife. I had to break it apart, at which point the stuffing went everywhere. Once all the disparate elements were recombined, they tasted wonderful, but I am not a fan of food that is prepared without thought as to how it will be eaten. Perhaps they were fried for way, way, way too long?The service was abominable. Our unfriendly waiter mumbled the entire time he was at the table, offered no guidance or insight to menu, all of our dishes were auctioned off (at a two top!), dirty silver was left on the table, and the check was tossed onto the table after we paid. Seriously. While standing behind my right shoulder, he tossed the check presenters onto the table and walked off. Unbelievable and inhospitable.
5	The food and the service were both exceptional. The lamb Marsala was wonderful so was the vindaloo but get ready to sweat as with any good authentic Indian dish (:  we eat at the sister restaurant. "Blue Taj"  quiet often and love the ambiance there , we like the private feel there. Little more but still a great restaurant for Authentic Indian fo
5	Excellent Indian-style fusion menu.  We ordered the chicken tikka masala, goat cheese koftas, naan, and samosas.  The melding of flavors is astonishing.  In particular, the sauces are exquisitely paired with the meals.  We dined outdoors on the patio, and the atmosphere was both intimate and party-like.  This is a great place to take guests if you are planning a special night out.
5	Okay, we Love Cooper. We visited when we loved in Dilworth. I'm a fan a few Indian restaurants, but Cooper is not your standard Indian fare. The ambiance of the restaurant is great, the food is great, and the cocktail options are good. Plus it's a family friendly environment, even though he lady and I went alone our last visit. If you want a good to great experience, visit Cooper. If you like Indian food, definitely check it out.
4	Not a regular indian restaurant. Fusion. Ambience: 5/5.  Chettinadu curry - good for 2 persons. Need to try all items here.
1	Awful customer and hospitality service.. Observed arrogant response from the staff.. Would not recommend
3	I went to this restaurant for dinner with a few of my co-workers.  I have few complaints, but before I list them, I would like to say that this place does have a decent tasting food.  So if that's your only concern, please disregard my ratings and do visit this place.One of the biggest complaints I have is of their staff.  The manager who seated us was very professional however our server was very rude.  He didn't have any patience .   He was talking way too fast and he was picking up plates when we weren't even done.  When we ordered appetizers, he taunted us by asking, "is that it?" and when we actually got the appetizers we realized he could have told us that we have small portions for appetizers.  As he was picking up empty plates from our table he is spilling crumbs all over us and didn't have the decency to apologize.
4	Copper, what an experience. I have never been a huge Indian fan, but had heard great things about Copper & had to check it out. I made reservations and luckily I did because the restaurant was entirely full, with a variety of customers which impressed me. We arrived at 7 and were seated immediately. The restaurant is in an old renovated house so the tables are in different rooms which is quite unique. The ambience is nice, although a little dark. We started with the naan, prawns, and samosas. The naan, and three dippings sauces was so warm and fresh! The prawns, cooked too perfection, and re samosas, a veggis delight wrapped in a fried treat. Onto dishes, we chose the tikka Marsala and duck confit. Both were amazing! Unfortunately we were too full for dessert, but I look forward to getting back again soon.
3	Very good Indian fusion. Nice atmosphere and well staffed. I only give it 3 stars because the portions, while delicious, with copious amounts of sauce, skimp on the vegetable and//or protein-- not a good value for money. Doesn't have to be inexpensive, but I didn't feel like 4 small vegetable 'meat'balls in sauce was worth $18, for example.
5	AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING. So good I wanted to lick the bowl. Not your typical Indian food. Def a must try in Charlotte!
4	I love Copper's lunch. Even though it's a bit of a trek from South Park, my coworkers and I will come every few weeks because it's that good. Lunch specials are very reasonable (around $10) and if you're in the curry variety, your meal will come with salad/soup, curry, rice, and naan. The portion is large enough that I can usually have enough for another meal. The servers are nice enough to pack away the curry, extra rice, and extra naan in a paper sack. It's pretty much the best.I don't really like paying a premium for frou frou atmosphere, so I try to avoid Copper for dinner unless it's for a special occasion. This would be a great place for a first date with a more cultural spin though!
5	This is the first Indian restaurant I have been to since moving to Charlotte 8 months ago.   I heard it was good and when I checked out their website, the menu looked interesting.  You don't see the prices listed there, though, and there is a reason.  They're high, especially for Charlotte.  I dropped almost $70 all-in for dinner, but the food was so good I thought it was worth every dollar.  It was a classic case of getting what you pay for.  And the atmosphere, as part of a historic house, was the nicest I have ever seen in an Indian restaurant.  Since I was alone, I sat at the small but very nice bar.  I ordered two glasses of a very tasty Riesling, the Gunpowder prawns, and the "modern" scallop entree, both of which appeared to have so many weird ingredients I wasn't sure how I would react to them.  I needn't have worried, since both the appetizer and entree were among the most delicious of their general type that I have had anywhere.  I also got a serving of garlic naan, which was terrific, though I took most of it home with the amazing basmati rice that came also.  This is not your typical Indian restaurant.  It's avant-garde, it's unusual, it's a Carolina adventure.  Most of all, it's amazing.
4	There is a common thread between three of the best Indian restaurants I have ever dined in: Mel Oza. While I don't know the nuance and level of involvement, Consulting Chef Mel Oza has once again struck gold.Our experience at Copper in Charlotte, North Carolina was nothing short of delicious from start to finish. The decor and ambiance of this refurbished home creates a great, personalized dining experience. Walking in the front door, just like you would any family home you will turn left or right into what must have been living rooms and dining rooms in this large home. White table cloths, modern white dishware, crystal clear wine glasses, and smooth silver utensils adorn the tables.The food. The food. The food. This is the way I imagine upscale Indian food should taste. I also imagine that the items on their "Authentic" portion of the menu are quite close to the good-ole home-style meal that natives would expect.This meal started with an order of samosas packaged in "moneybag" form. Crisp and lightly fried outer casings with mildly spicy vegetable filling. The presentation was immaculate for an appetizer - two portions balanced with what appeared to be wafer-style crispy beets over a delicious dipping sauce reminiscent of a Thai-style salad dressing with more kick.For my entree I ordered the Chicken Chettinadu curry. Served with a medium-level of heat by the Chef, it was the perfect amount of warmth for a meal on a moderately cold day. The curry had just the right balance between smoothness and chunkiness, highlighting the juicy morsels of chicken included. Ordering plain naan and garlic naan went perfectly to sop of every last drop.Not expecting the meal to get any better - "The Three Excuses" dessert took my meal to a whole new level. These three samples live up to their name - flourless" callibaut" chocolate torte, gulab jamun, balieys kulifi.  First - baileys kulfi: Indian ice-cream, a creamier and more dense variety of frozen dessert,  infused with baileys liquor - yes. Second - gulab jamun: how can you go wrong by making the most moist, delicious, and warm donut hole and covering it in rich syrup?! Third - molten lava cake.Three cheers (Azitra, Copper, Lehja) Mel Oza and the team at Copper. I can't wait to go back.Note:  The reason for 4 stars is due to the fact that our server mixed up our to-go containers - yuck! - which was not discovered until it was too late. They also added gratuity to our party of 7, a poor choice, as we all likely would have tipped well over 20%! Next time - I expect a 5 star experience out of this location.
4	I made dinner reservations to celebrate a friend's birthday and I was very pleased. The service was good and my meal was excellent. I ordered chicken chettinadu, which had just the right amount of "kick" (spiciness) to it. The Naan was also very good. My friend had lamb curry which he enjoyed. I have been looking for a good Indian restaurant in Charlotte and I must say that this one is almost as good as my favorite in New York.
5	So Yay my review on Copper is the Review of the Day!! Since that is the case I thought an update might be in order.  My friends and I (a group of 8) came here for dinner on New Years Eve before our party. Service was still good although slow (however we had a large group so I'll let them pass on that). I will say that there was a disconnect between the bar and when we sat down. They tried to apply drinks to who they belonged to and couldn't quite get it right and it took forever to pay. That aside the food was still excellent! The samosas are still probably the best I've ever had. Did however try a new dish... Black Sesame-Apricot-Chili glazed chicken tikka with shaigam-gajar mash. The chicken was delicious and the mash the table was split on. Some said it was tasteless and others liked it. However this chicken dish is good for someone not all that inspired by Indian food. My bestie doesn't like Indian food which is sad since it's my comfort food but she loved this chicken!! Anyways if you haven't checked them out I highly encourage you to try it :)  Happy Yelping!!
5	Best Indian in Charlotte! Also has the best lamb chops I've ever tasted in my life. If this is not enough, they have a waiter that works here that looks like Deejay from Street Fighter!
4	This review is for a meal we had during the Queen's Feast (Charlotte's Restaurant Week). The location is really great: in the heart of Charlotte's South End and housed in an older-looking home rather than a typical commercial building. We had made a reservation for 7:30 p.m. and they had our table ready for us as soon as we arrived. Service was very prompt and efficient even though they appeared to be quite busy because of the Queen's Feast. I ordered a grilled chicken appetizer, a shrimp entree, and a mango mousse for dessert. The grilled chicken appetizer was excellent: very spicy but still carrying some nuanced flavors. The sauce was delicious and the portion size was fairly generous for an appetizer. The shrimp entree was also quite good but this time I thought the portion size was a bit lacking. Still, the flavors were very good and the shrimp was properly cooked (not overcooked). I also liked the mango mousse, though it was nothing spectacular and, honestly, I could have lived without it. Copper also had a nice wine list, which was a nice touch for an Indian restaurant.We did enjoy the meal and Copper is definitely a cut-above your average Indian restaurant.
3	We've been fans of their Nouvelle Indian since we first visited Charlotte - circa 06 I think - but the results this time were extremely uneven, from excellent to really poor in fact. I made reservations for Sunday night on Queens Week. When we arrived the customers there were finishing dinner and leaving ... at 7 pm !! Life in the big city! In fact only 3 more couples showed up that night, in spite of that the help did seem rushed for some reason. But we weren't rushed: I ordered a bottle of Sula Chenin Blanc from India -which gets my endorphins flowing because I always associate it with dinner at Copper :)For starters we had the chicken w/star anise, chili and a poori cracker (yes) it was a absolutely delicious with the right amount of heat. The same could be said about the tiny, tiny Chutney prawn appetizer, did I mention it was tiny?For main plates we chose  Crab & prawn with figs, coconut milk and mango. It tasted Burmese rather than Indian but who cares? Excellent! However the other dish was well done chunks of leg of lamb with a very flat tasting sauce and a couple of slices of squash on the side. Boring as hell, in fact I heard another patron comment to his date that he was sure "there must be flavor in his lamb dish ... somewhere".  I should have sent it back, but I didn't want to spoil my companion's dinner. Bread or Nam was not included, I ordered a la carte "mushroom and green peas kulcha" - think vegetarian pie- delicious, a roti and a side of very unusual vegetable bhaji, this one seemed to be a smoke flavored  Chinese stir fry (?).The choice of deserts was an insult, a slap in the face! Generic Vanilla or Chocolate sponge cakes, that's it !!  And they tasted no better than it sounded the sort of cake I'd expect from Starbucks, not from a restaurant. Although to tell the truth is I wouldn't care about the deserts if only the lamb hadn't been so disappointing.
4	The food was great.  The service was friendly and prompt.  I would highly recommend the chicken tikka masala as it's the best I've had.
4	The location of Copper is excellent - a converted house right on East Boulevard. The (enclosed) porch is a great place to watch life pass by while you gorge yourself on their tasty naan - standard or garlic are both tasty.While the entrees do not come with naan, it appears that you get a small sampling for the table. Some of the servers, and there is a whole platoon of them, don't speak all that clearly, so I'm not entirely sure on this point. We were out with another couple and ordered a number of naans for the table, so that first one may have been the first of our orders, it could have been complimentary, or it may have been someone else's. Just something to keep in mind.Unlike some other places - looking at you, Situl - you get plenty to eat here. For a couple, some naan, an appetizer and an entree will likely be plenty to eat, though it of course depends on how hungry you are.Though the dishes are tasty, the amount of taste varies considerably depending on which you get. The appetizers (including the naan) were the star of the show. A garbanzo curry - ordered from the "sides" list, as an appetizer - and a lamb meatball were excellent. The lamb especially had a bit of a kick to it.However, while the murgh tikka masala had a nice cream sauce to it and the chicken was tender, there just wasn't much flavor. It definitely needed another level or two added in, as it was just a bit so-so in comparison to the amaze-balls (see what I did there?) of the lamb. Nothing bad, just needed a bit more to match the appetizers.
4	Love this place.  It's pricey for Indian food but think of it more as high end Indian.  Normally eat at bar where Simone is amazing    She is  great and remembers everything.
1	I know I'm supposed to type longer reviews, but I can sum up with: ick. Waited 45 min with reservation (for a 4-top), service was terrible from the hostess to the food runners, SUPER expensive for what you get, and the food was HORRIBLE. Samosas so burnt they tasted like coal and were hard on the teeth, fish so overcooked my knife couldn't carve thru it, and all served on gigantic plates so there was no room to maneuver. (I think the chef was trying to pull off some sort of food art, but just ended up with confusion on my plate.) Too much good Indian in Charlotte to spend SO much money for...ick.
5	In a strange turn of events - I found myself at Copper twice in two weeks after years of living in charlotte and never actually getting to eat here. Once for lunch and another time for Dinner. As for the food: I understand from my Indian friends that this is not the 'best, best, best' Indian place int the city. How ever, Not being and expert in indian food I found both of my meals to be quite delicious. I had different varieties of Masala on both occasions and enjoyed very much what I had.The service: I have to say that this is where Copper shined the brightest. On both occasions the staff was extraordinarily helpful and attentive in helping my party figure out what to order. They were very consultative and checked on us after tasting our food to confirm that we were happy with our choices. To me, this is the reason for my 5 star rating. I have have been to other Indian places, left to fend for myself and hated my order. Not so with Copper - it's truly a place where I felt comfortable ordering and knowing what to expect. All in all - I give it 5 stars. The staff really makes this place special.
5	Top marks. Great, great food. Staff could not be anymore attentive and helpful. Check-out the bar. Simone the bartender is probably one of Charlotte's best. I'll keep coming back because of Simone and her  knowledge of the menu. Cooper is must for any foodie.
2	Mediocre overall and disappointed compared to previous visits. Waiter was arguing with a customer about check, she apparently didn't like her meal and he accused her of eating half so only took half off. Wow... Never saw a place do that before. They argued and as a result out table was ignored. Anyway, after 10 minutes we had to order drinks from someone else. Waiter made sarcastic remark, "what? Are u in a rush or something?" $10 Drinks arrived and were lame - CVa tasted of cheap sweet and sour mix and friends drink $11 tasted like tomato juice with a shot of creamer. Vegetable samosa $9 was clearly frozen and then baked or microwaved. Coconut and ginger veggies meal was bland and gloppy. Baked goat cheese looked pretty, but were not-quite-cooked-through samosa filling logs encrusted in uncooked bread crumbs. Couldn't tell where goat cheese was hiding. Garlic naan was very greasy and inedible. Rice was also very oily. Only eating about 1/3 of entrees we both felt full, likely from high fat content of meals. Likely won't return, at least not for a while. This is a shame since it was one of our favorite spots for Indian.
4	Indian food is almost always expensive, so I won't even bother to complain about that.  But the food here is good and they accomodated a special request, so for that Copper gets high marks.  The SAMOSAs are as expected.  Potato and pea wrapped in a nice fried crunchy dough. The chutneys are tasty.  Nothing out of the ordinary or that you couldn't get anywhere else (or make at home).CHICKEN CHETTINADU is not for the faint of heart (or palette).  My colleague was warned that the base was spicy, but she scoffed and said she loved spicy food.  Fast forward 20 minutes and there was sweat dripping from her forehead and her eyes and nose were watering.  I tasted the gravy, and thought it was great, but I didn't try to eat a bowl full of it.  All entrees are served family style, with rice added to the table.  We also got a bit of naan free but ordered extra with the meal.  No salt or pepper on the table, but they're happy to bring it if you ask.The ZESTY VEGETABLE BHAJI side was interesting.  Long julienned pieces of mixed vegetables, including beets, all mixed with a dry spice rub.  The traditional vegetarian menu offers PANEER MAKHAWALA, which is a red gravy similar to tikka masala or butter gravy.  Very rich and flavorful but not too spicy. I asked to substitue cauliflower / gobi for the paneer, and the chef nicely complied.  Overall this was a very tasty and well balanced dish.  The service was great, and the interior of the restaurant (located in a very old rehabbed house) is unique.  For people looking for more Indian options, try the University area.  It's full of great Indian hole-in-the-walls.  My personal faves: Persis (everything is good, but the Gobi 65 is amazing), Tulips (varied weekend buffet and good a la carte ordering) and Passage to India (great gobi manchurian and weekend/lunch buffet).
3	Keeping it short. I like Copper. I like Indian food. Copper's food is like a fancier, less spicy version of Indian food. I have avoided this place for a long time because of that. Nonetheless, it's tasty. The atmosphere is nice. It looked like they were understaffed this time. Everyone was rushing around. I like Woodlands better and it is vegetarian. ;)
3	I have visited this place twice.first time we didn't like the service so we have chosen to take away and left.next time we went with prior booking we have ordered the tomato soup,shrimp curry with garlic naan. Tomato soup is too good but the curry is average for me but may be the people who likes coconut milk may like it much. Naan is very smooth and good.i felt that they have very limited options to choose in the menu.
5	I have lunch here at least once a week, the staff knows me to the point of no longer needing a menu!!!  Very professional and awesome food, if you like Indian, give this place a try.
3	Good food but small portions and expensive.
5	Love the food and the service. My husband and I come here once in a while for date night. Worth visiting!
5	Great atmosphere and excellent food.  The mango chutney is so declious I could eat it by the spoonful.
5	I went to Copper for the first time last and I absolutely loved it. It has the sweetest patio that would be a great backdrop for date night. However, I was there with a girlfriend. I enjoyed a few glasses of Malbec and girl talk but I will definitely be back.
4	Anniversary Dinner- The food was great and service was outstanding.
4	So, we stumbled on Copper our first couple of weeks in Charlotte via restaurant week. I know restaurant week isn't always indicative of what the restaurant is usually like, but we were very impressed. Service - the service was great. Our waiter was attentive and helpful, always making sure we had drinks, water and silverware when ours needed replacing. The decor is also fun, dark and romantic with local paintings and a quiet atmosphere.The food we had was delicious. We both started with a chilled soup, which was amazing. If it isn't on their regular menu, they should consider adding it. It was more savory than other chilled soups I've had, but the flavors mixed well. It took all I had not to lick the bowl.I had a duck and mushroom korma with lemon almond rice. It was spiced well, and decadent. It was definitely very rich though, and although the portions are appropriately size, I still took half my meal home. My boyfriend had the salmon, which was well cooked and seasoned with a delicious tangy sauce on the side. The presentation of both dishes was beautiful and portion sizes were great. The desserts we had were just OK, although I'm not sure we go to an indian restaurant for delectable desserts anyways. We'll definitely be back to try some of their other dishes.
3	Came here last night with a few of my friends after just getting back into town. We showed up around 8 and were placed in the front room facing the street. First off, it was extremely hot in this room. My guests and I were sweating during our entire meal. It definitely put a damper on the evening. We looked at both the regular menu and the restaurant week, we all opted to go with the regular menu. We started out with the gunpowder prawns, good but nothing special. When the food arrived at the table I noticed my order was incorrect. I apologized and let her know it wasn't what I ordered (chicken tikka masala) and she apologized and took the order back. Around ten minutes later our server brought the same dish over (sesame chicken) and told me that's what I had ordered, I'm sorry but no, as a server myself I know that's something you never do. One of my friends doesn't like spicy and he told her that the sauce on her dish is already made and that it wasn't that spicy. Now I love spicy food and told him I wanted mine spicy. Her dish was way spicier than mine. Honestly I enjoyed myself and probably will return if I'm in the area again. Hopefully it won't be as hot next time!
4	We are glad we ventured out of our comfort zone to try Copper. What a wonderful meal!  We are Indian food amateurs, so planned to dine during restaurant week. We ended up going with the full menu, which was a similar price. I had the scallops for the start which were perfectly seared and prawns for the main. Both came with medium hot, delicious sauces. My husband had shotgun prawns for the appetizer, which weren't as hot as the name. He had lamb curry for his main and loved the sauce, but thought the lamb was slightly over cooked.  Ice cream and sorbet for desert. The perfect cool finish!We dined on the front porch. It's a great open room. Really wonderful atmosphere. We will definitely be back.
4	First time here and first time having Indian food in general, so I don't have much to compare it to. That being said, I thought the food was delicious and the restaurant was very nice. I had the Black Sesame-Apricot-Chili Glazed Chicken Tikka, Coconut-Orange Sauce, Shalgam-Gajar Mash. It was delicious! I'll definitely be back again to try something else.
4	Finally gave Copper a try and glad we did. I ordered the Goan shrimp dish and it was delicious. I love anything that is coconut based and spicy. The flavor I thought was outstanding. My husband ordered the chicken tikka masala and it didn't disappoint. We also had chai, samosas, and the chocolate lava cake with mango lassi ice cream- all very tasty. My husband and I spent a few months in India do we know good Indian food. For a Indian restaurant in the states it was pretty good. Last, the service was good and overall had a pleasant dining experience.
5	One of the best indian food I ever had.
5	Had the Chicken Tikka Masala. It was great, and a great deal. usually you pay about 14 for a plate with rice, but this was $11 for the entree, salad, and naan bread. I'll be back.
4	Delicious Indian Food!  I come here a lot for lunch and the service and food are very very good!  Highly recommended.
5	Pulling up to the Copper we were immediately struck by the fact that it is a restored mansion, formerly the Mayor's and also the former home of Carson McCoullough, who wrote The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter.  Now, on to the food....  The appetizers wonderful! The fried cauliflower had great flavor and texture. The somosas had a flavoring tangy sauce. The entree of Lamb Curry had layers of complex flavors and the lamb was cooked to perfection. Very friendly owner and staff who gave us a tour of the former home of Charlotte's Mayor.
5	Very Good Food!! It tastes great!! Along with great service!
3	Disclaimer: might have given four stars if the service had been better.My beau and I went to Copper on a Friday night to recreate our second date (from four years ago). We made a reservation for 7:30 and arrived right on time. We were seated promptly and then completely left alone for 8 minutes. I know, because I checked my watch. The dining room was busy, but not slammed, however there seemed to only be two waitstaff for the entire business on a weekend night. Seems ludicrous.We ordered samosas, saag paneer, their lamb curry and garlic naan. The food came out in a timely manner and tasted really good. I had asked for no cilantro garnish, but there was a significant dusting of cilantro on everything we received. No biggie, I picked it off and stuffed myself full. Now that we are done with our food we waited nearly 15 minutes for a waitress to come around so that we could get our check and go.I am not slamming the staff, as they were curteous and prompt when they were around, I am admonishing the management. It makes no sense to fill your restaurant to 90% capacity and have barebones staff. Copper is not an inexpensive establishment, and with the prices that are posted, diners expect to have not just tasty food, but a full food experience. That is simply not possible when you aren't properly staffed.
