5	I lived across the street from La Hacienda for two years. I cannot count how many times I ate there. The staff knew me all too well. Great chicken mole enchiladas. Great carne burritos. Great enchiladas rojas de queso. Great sangria. I highly believe this to be the most authentic Mexican spot in Madison...and yes, I have been to Mexico.
4	The Mission it's not, but about as good as mexican food will get in Wisconsin, home of cheese curds, bratwurst and brandy.
5	Great food, and a rarity in Madison, IT'S OPEN TILL 4 AM?  can you go wrong?
5	Easily among the best Mexican food I've had, and that's including when I've lived in New Mexico and in California. I always get the enchiladas de pollo con mol and a lime margarita on the rocks with salt, but your tastes may differ.
1	the "grilled" vegetables were limp and steam-cooked. the vegetarian fajitas had bits of shredded chicken in them. the rice was this weird rice-a-roni take-off on "spanish" rice. yuck. maybe the meat dishes are decent, but the vegetarian dishes were at best mediocre. i can cook better stuff at home.
1	Labor Union Edit:La Hacienda is currently in some deep water regarding their hiring practices.  Back wages haven't been paid, etc...  So for now, they're down to one star as you don't cross a picket line.Open late with pretty consistent food, La Hacienda is a pretty safe bet.   It's not going to wow you or impress your friend from San Diego, but its close to downtown, the service is friendly, and the prices reasonable.Try the horchata, a favorite of mine.
3	3.5 Stars. The food was very good, good values. Also, there is something to be about a Mexican restaurant with a large number of Mexican people eating there.My main problem-- the margaritas were not good at all. Like someone just added a drop of tequila to this bad mix. Way too sweet. Come on guys, you can do better.
4	I have not read anything about the labor disputes, and am only going to review this place based on the food and the service I've received upon going several times in the past:I love the food.  I particularly love going there for breakfast.  You can get a seriously filling huevos rancheros & coffee for under $10 with tip.  Nothing I have had there has been disappointing or dissatisfying.  The service is always pleasant.  You get dum dum's with your check.  :)
4	Best late-night (especially when drunk) food in Madison. The hot plate-I forget the actual name because I'm usually drunk when I eat it-is THE best. The meat is delicious.  The sides of rice/beans/guacamole are nothing to write home about, but they get the job done.
4	I may pour over the menu but I always just get the burrito vegetariano with avocado and I am never disappointed.  Great, simple, reasonably priced Mexican food. This is an EXCELLENT place for groups!
4	My favorite Mexican Dive. You can get breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late night!! Don't expect too much, this is as good as CHEAP authentic Mexican food gets. The service Has been consistently good over the years. Best horchata in town.
2	Not very authentic, but nice atmosphere. I wish they had music.
4	Good, authentic food, lots of it.  Cheap, too.Been there twice now, got to chill outside late night with the mariachi band the first time for Cinco de Mayo while chowing.  They serenaded one of the guys in our group.  Awkward.  Classic.The second time was for dinner.  The two of us ate for around 15 bucks altogether.  Portions are slightly bigger than what you would expect for the price.  Not the best mexican food I've ever eaten...but good enough for me.Got to love unlimited homemade nachos and salsa, gets me every time. That alone is worth a star. Sign me up.
2	Definitely not the best Mexican food I have ever had.  The portions seemed pretty small based on what they charged and the flavors were pretty bland.  I had the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans.  The enchiladas had hardly any sauce and were very greasy.  The rice was really blah and I didn't even touch the beans.  On the up side though the service was great!  Very fast and very friendly.
5	My favorite place in Madison for Mexican food!!! Love the atmosphere, great margarita's and open late!  The staff is always friendly and I have never had bad food, EVER!!! A definite must!
4	Great place in Madison right off Park. The food is cheap and the service is fast. I've never had any problems with it. It's also a great 3am treat for all you bar crawlers and night owls. Did I mention its CHEAP? Like I've ate their for less than $6 ordering ala carte with my friends and the quality/size of the meals were nothing to scoff at. Amazing! Outdoor seating even makes it more fantastic.
4	I love this place... the atmosphere is kinda trashy but what do you expect from a place that is open until 4 am and frequented by the drinkers of madison?!The food is good... You get a ton of it at a great price... they have Mexican beer and a bunch of different types of margaritas, which are pretty good :)The servers there are also super friendly, which says a lot since I am sure that they have to deal with a lot of trash.If you are in the area and have a hankering for some Mexican, it is worth the stop
4	Yum, Yum, Yummie!  And SO reasonably priced!
3	The food was good, my sangria was good.  The prices were cheap.  I did notice they charged me wrong for my sangria, it was $2.75 on the menu and they charged $3.75 on the bill, I wasn't too concerned about the issue though.. my bill was only $20 for two of us (definitely can't complain).  My problem was the service.  We got the chips and salsa pretty promptly(Great salsa by the way -really fresh taste), slight wait for the drinks, a little more of a wait for the food order.. the food came out pretty quickly (total plus) but after receiving our meal the waiter never returned to see how things were going or refill our water or ask if we wanted another drink.  We sat there with our food and beverages gone waiting for the check for a good chunk of time... finally he came to take my boyfriends plate and as he started to walk away we requested the check.  Over all I may return because the food was good but if you're looking for a more relaxing atmosphere this probably isn't the place for you.
3	I love this place at 4am. Yep after bar. The food is what you think of beans, rice, lettuce, cheese and mystery meat, mix it different ways and call it what you will. It is rot gut Mexican but it is awesome late at night. After spending a lot of time in the SW and in parts of Mexico and South America there is nowhere in Madison that get Latino or TexMex cooking right.
2	Very meh. I was young when I gave it 3 stars.Much better Mexican food right down the road.
3	went here instead of the old fashion as a substitute, i would say its an average place. i had orded the shrimp fijita, i would say its pretty good for a price of $11. it is something that ya could make at home for a few dollars extra that would last you probably two days. the gf seems to like the chicken tamale that they had. she said it was nice and moist compared to pedros, where we went the other week. which was dry. the wait staff was pretty attentive, the environment was pretty clean. i couldn't complain.
2	Average food. No atmosphere.
1	Last time we ate here, my friend and I got food poisoning; she threw up in the parking lot and I at least made it home before I lost it.  Previously it was a DECENT place to go after bar time: open late and cheap, but I guess you get what you pay for....mystery meat.
4	The food here was really good and very big portions which makes for  delicious leftovers the next day. My husband's margaritas were tasty and strong. Our server Armando was very friendly and the bill was pleasing also.
4	The steak Burrito Chico (smaller version of the Grande) is amazing.  The guacamole is disappointing.  The service is friendly and the prices are dirt cheap.  Definitely a bargain and quite tasty.
3	This place's ambience is comparable to a Godfather's Pizza. Really open dining area, lots of lights on, green cushioned chairs, pretty quiet. Definitely a casual family restaurant. My friend and I sippin' margs felt a little out of place. I was definitely overdressed. HOWEVER, the food was pretty good and super cheap. Maybe a lunch sort of place? I don't think I'll be coming back. Too many other places to try.
4	I frequently go to La Hacienda after a night out because they are open very late.  I usually order tacos de carne asada and those can be closely compared to the tacos you can find in Mexican restaurants in Chicago. On my last visit I ordered Caldo de Camaron and it had a good amount of shrimp and veggies. It was missing that spicy kick that I usually taste in most shrimp soups. Service was great for me (not sure if it's because I am a girl and all the waiters are men) but I did have a few male friends complain about the service. I am a regular at this place and I still have many more things left to try!
5	Good authentic food, great prices, nice atmosphere, friendly staff. I recommend parrilladas, chimichangas, guacamole, enchiladas mole poblano-chicken, well everything is really good! Try the peach margarita.
1	Firstly, their salsa isn't good at all.  We eat at a lot of Mexican restaurants and have had a lot of excellent and some not so good salsa.  I'd consider La Hacienda's a 1 on a scale of 1-10, with 10 being excellent.  It looks like they coarsely chop tomatoes, cilantro, onions and some peppers, soak them in water and scoop it into a salsa bowl.  It is gross.I drink water when we go out.  I drink a lot of water.  There are times, especially when eating spicy food, when I go through 5 glasses of water.  I waited over 15 minutes to get my water refilled.  I actually drank my wife's water after about 10 minutes and then 5 minutes later, I got up to ask our waiter to fill our water glasses.To my dismay, he was eating his food at a table behind the cash registers, in plain view of customers.  I asked him if we could get our water refilled and he said, "Sure."  He wiped his fingers off on his napkin, came over and grabbed our glasses and refilled them.WASH YOUR HANDS!  Wow...The nerve of that waiter.  To eat your food, wipe your fingers off on a napkin, then grab something I am going to touch.Needless to say, this was my 2nd bad experience at La Hacienda.  I wanted to like it, but that won't be possible.  Fool me once, Shame on La Hacienda.  Fool me twice...Well, they won't get a 3rd chance.
1	- Terrible service- below average to average quality food- large variety of optionsUse this as a late night last minute resort only.
1	WORST MEXICAN FOOD EVER!  How is that for a title?So, one evening last week my wife and I wanted some Mexican food and while we would normally patronize some of the other places in Madison (and yes, we do like Laredo's) my wife suggested la Hacienda on park Street since she had not been there in years.   Honestly, neither have I.  I think I had been there once before at 2:30 AM as a drunk college student.   Anything tasted good back then.Well, we got there and sat down right away and placed our orders. I go steak fajitas and my wife got a steak burrito.   Ok....remember that!So while we wait we got the normal chips and salsa and wow did the salsa suck.  it was a tasteless liquid....yuck and the chips were nowhere near fresh or even warm.  But next came out meals...My wife burrito was tasteless and dry with nothing special about it at all.  The steak inside was dry, tough, and burnt and the extra cheese she orders....wait....it had not cheese at all.  She took three bites and was doneMy fajitas were the same.  the steak was burnt, over cooked, hard and had zero flavor.  The veggies on the skillet were just cut tomatoes and onions.  Where are the peppers people?   NO FLAVOR AT ALL!   What terrible food!I am not even going to try to be funny and witty with this one because the place and food just sucked and on top of that was pricy for Mexican food as well.  hell, I would have been better off going down the road to Taco Bell.   At least TB has taste!
1	I just went to La Hacienda for lunch this weekend and was seriously disappointed. The atmosphere: the old section is pretty blah and boring, but the separate dining room to the right of the old section is beautiful. Awesome  natural light and the tables were unique. The difference between the sections was like being in two completely different restaurants.The food: chips and salsa were just fine, on par with my expectations. I ordered a taco salad (I know, not very authentic but hey, it was what I was craving) and it was by far the worst thing I have ever had in a restaurant in my entire life. The taco shell bowl was tasty, but what was inside was extremely disappointing. The taco salad had beef, a few pieces of lettuce, and a few shreds of cheese. The beef was tasteless, there was no seasoning on it what so ever, and it was so greasy. I literally had to pick up the whole shell and dump the grease out and wipe it off of my plate with a napkin. It had enough grease to fill at least two of the cups their sides of sour cream came in. The taco salad also came with refried beans and Spanish rice. Neither had any flavor what so ever and were even a bit cold. I had to hunt down salt and hot sauce to make it even edible. My friends all agreed on the general blandness of the food. Two of my friends got chicken chimichangas and they thought they were okay, but just sort of tasted like chicken sandwiches. They said they could have poured BBQ sauce on them and it would have tasted like a pulled chicken sandwich. My other friend ordered chicken tostadas and was not really impressed either.The service: our waiter must have been brand new, But he was really bad. We only got our water cups refilled once and that was after tracking him down and asking. My friend ordered a side of guacamole as advertised on the menu, and the water came back after putting our order in and asked how much guacamole she wanted. We all thought that was a weird question and were unsure how to answer it. We asked what he meant and he said, "I don't know. Like 60 cents worth, $1.00?" Which was still kind of weird, since we didn't know how much accounted for how much of a dollar amount. My friend just told him she wanted the portion that they advertise on the menu, which is $2.00. When it came out it was not very big, which made us wonder how much 60 cents would have been! Once we got our food, we didn't see him for  at least half an hour, never checked in and we were just sitting there waiting for our checks for quite a while. Maybe we all ordered the wrong dishes, or maybe our waiter was just brand new, but I don't think I will ever give this place a try again.
2	Not the best, not the worst.  Food was ok to good.  Went here thinking I was trying out a Mexican restaurant I had read good reviews for on Yelp.  The reviews I had read were actually for Taqueria Guadalajara, but we ended up here.   There weren't many cars in the lot but there were a few families there to eat.  We walked in and had to wait a while to be greeted.  The gentleman was pleasant and seated us.  The menu is too busy for my taste.  Prices were fair for the meals served and I would say moderate in price.  I had some Chimichangas which were pretty good.  They are the small kind, about 4 inches long and stuffed with meat.  The chicken was not as moist as I would like it but not dry.  (Dry chicken is a big problem at Mexican restaurants from my experience.)  The sauces and sour cream was watered down, runny, which I have also seen at other Mexican Restaurants.  Is this a way to make the salsa stretch?  Not sure.  Maybe they like it this way.  The sauce wasn't near enough either, had to order more.The chicken burrito was large but mostly meat.  Needed more rice, beans etc.  We weren't too thrilled with this.  The eating area is pretty large. It is like a large cafe.  It would be a good place for lunch if you had a large group and wanted something quick.  For dinner I would go elsewhere.With so many other good places to go to I would say not to bother with La Hacienda.One last thing.  I got the impression that the staff didn't really want to be there.  Like they were holding things together.  Not the best spirit to impart.
3	affectionately termed "la hot-rear-end-a" by some - this place serves the craving for mexican cuisine, later at night.  way better than the traditional taco fast food franchises.  the ambience pretty much sucks, but the food is cheap and tastes decent.  definitely wouldn't hit this place up for a romantic dinner, but it's certainly an adequate stop for a low-key lunch.
1	Blechh.  Clearly it's not just me - the owners need to spend some time traveling to Milwaukee and eating at a place like Riviera Maya, or even El Rey.  This is just crappy food.  How do you screw up pinto beans or pico de gallo?  I've never eaten Mexican food with so little flavor.  I asked for hot sauce, they brought me red sauce with pepper seeds in it, and it had NO flavor, and NO heat.  What??  And to make this more memorable you can buy the flavorless sauce to go.  I actually had to salt my food, which I never, ever do in a restaurant.  And the rice tasted like it was made with old onion that had been pre-chopped and stored in the frig - you know that taste?  It tastes like your old college roommate's shoes smelled.  I make far better Mexican from scratch.  Heck, Ortega makes better.  Drive 5 more blocks and go to La Guadalajara, WAY better.
3	Good food, friendly staff.
4	Recently visited on recommendation of a friend who is a regular here. Very open dining room with a lot of seating. Friendly servers and fast service. The chips and salsa are just okay, but the entrees are very tasty and the food is authentic. Great prices too!
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in Madison.My daughter and I visit La Hacienda pretty much weekly. I LOVE the Enchilada Suiza. Although I usually fill up on chips and pico before the meal. I crave the pico. Spicy and chunky, definately not out of a jar. Add a blended lime margarita to my order, and I am one happy gal! Other favorites: Chorizo tostada, chicken quesadilla on flour tortilla, shrimp fajitas, all queso fundido, and combination azteca. Also shout out to the waitstaff, very friendly, and I have never been dis-satisfied with anything they bring to my table. Enjoy!
2	We are on the hunt for a new Mexican restaurant after the Laredo's down the street closed. After a visit to La Hacienda, we will keep looking. The salsa was bland - the margaritas tasted like they came from a premixed bucket - and the food was just flavorless. Next time we'll trek a little further south on Park and go to Taqueria Guadalajara.
1	I created this yelp account just to review this restaurant. The food is terrible. I feel completely cheated as we had to throw out the food:(. Just travel further south to Guadalajara which has great food.
2	Let me start by giving you some background-My uncle owns Riviera Maya in Milwaukee, and I am Latino and have lived in Mexico.  I have known the owners of La Hacienda for close to 20 years, their family owns restaurants in Milwaukee, and other parts of WI as well.   The food and menus are virtually identical in all of the Herrera's family restaurants.   They did have some labor issues a few years back, but as near as I can tell they have fixed that.   Food -  It used to be the best in Madison, but the quality has steadily declined year after year as their prices continue to rise.  The only two dishes I would recommend, are the Bistec Con Rajas Y Queso and the Carne Asada a la Tampiquena (order it medium or it will be overcooked).   Corn tortillas people!   No real Latino (just look around) eats flour tortillas that aren't homemade.  Service - generally fast and friendly, though sometimes they don't seem to listen to what you are saying.   You ask for the carne asada medium and it still comes out burnt.  Overall - Not the best, but adequate if you know what to order.   If you want good tacos and tortas check out La Concha bakery.  If you want real Mexican food check out Taqueria Guadalajara. Finally, I just have to say it...not much in Madison is actual Mexican food, it's been Americanized, see laredo's, pedros, cancun, etc.   In Mexico there is no such thing as a chimichanga peeps!!!! (unless you are at an all inclusive Americanized hotel, in which case you should head into town and find a hole in the wall restaurant instead)
5	Love it!
4	I have a dilemma with spicy food. On one hand, spice can amplify the flavor of a dish and turn an ordinary meal into an almost religious -and sweaty- experience. On another, after eating spicy food, I usually go through three phases of discomfort: 1) sitting on a couch writhing in pain while desperately scarfing down Tums (and ignoring the recommended dosage); 2) crying on the toilet; and 3) passing out on a bed from the agony experienced from phases 1 and 2. Each time I go through these three phases the discomfort becomes progressively worse (perhaps due to age), however, somehow, my belly seems to always tell my brain not to worry. I haven't been to La Hacienda since my undergraduate days at UW-Madison, and I'm sad to read below that the quality has gotten worse. In the past, if I rolled with a hungry and rowdy crew, I could always depend a La Hacienda to fill our bellies with delicious and spicy food.Well after several years, I made my return to this restaurant while visiting some close friends in Madison (shout out to Soupy and Monica). To celebrate the occasion, we ordered horchata and asked the waitress what was her favorite dish. She gushed about the "parilladas" (which is most likely the incorrect spelling), which has an assortment of spicy or non-spicy meats (chicken, beef, and pork) grilled on a metal plate cooked above a flame. The meats are eaten with either corn or flour tortillas. For our meal, we made half of the dish spicy and ordered both types of tortillas. I have to say, this was probably one of the most memorable Mexican meals I have ever eaten. The spicy meats were full of flavor -although I can't say the same with the non-spicy meats- and I loved both types of tortillas. I couldn't stop my inner carnivore from eating this crack meat, despite knowing that my night would eventually end in doom. Even though the cinnamon and banana flavored horchata quelled some of the heat, it could not put stop my inevitable fall into spicy hell.La Hacienda's parilladas and horchata were both amazing and it made me relive some great memories I've had here in the past. At the end of the night, of course, I went through the three phases of discomfort which quickly ended my night. When I woke up the next morning, I proceeded to eat the left overs. So worth it.
2	I heard from my coworkers this place was very good & cheap. Well, they were partially right. I mean prices are reasonably & portions are fair. As far as the food goes, it's not all that great. Starting off with chips & salsa weren't that good. Too thin no salt and la salsa was too watered down. A coworker was very unsatisfied with his coctel de camaron. He said it tasted like they added Louisiana hot sauce. If anything, la agua de horchata was amazing, and the service was great.
2	I went here tonight with my friends/coworkers and while we did come mainly for margaritas, we were also hungry so decided to order food initially. Our server was new and not at all knowledgeable about the food (yet didn't pretend to be either).Our drinks were delicious, but that was it. The complimentary salsa had a decent flavor, but was very watery.I ordered a simple burrito with avocado which was not bad but nothing to write home about either. My boss ordered tamales which she said were very dry and chile rellenos which I tried a little bit and they were just drenched in oil causing it to be very soggy and you could tell that the oil had not been changed in awhile. She was not too happy.There seemed to be a lot of employees yet service was very slow. I may return since they are open very late, but I will probably only get simple things like drinks and chips with guacamole.
3	Somebody I work with introduced me to this restaurant and it was pretty good!! First time we were there, he asked for extra salsa, and our server brought a big bowl of it back! Like a whole soup bowl filled with salsa. We couldn't believe it.The taste of the steak meat is yummy. It has a certain toughness and just enough charring to make it yummy. I loved the burrito I ordered as well as the quesadilla. I haven't tried any of the more specialty items in their menu.The atmosphere was so so and a bit divy. However, though I can't say the food was the greatest, I actually crave it and want to come back and eat there. In fact, I had lunch and came back there for dinner one time. Also, the beans and rice were on the bland side. It can be seasoned better; but I don't mind it as I prefer bland than too salty. I just salt it a bit and problem is solved.The big plus is it is so cheap! You get a lot of food for the price!
5	How does this place not have 5 stars?!?The food is spicy like real Mexican food should be, made to order, in perfectly-sized portions, and at extremely affordable prices. The service is friendly and ridiculously fast. The space itself is enormous and open, so there's always tables available. And they almost never close. I've lived in Houston, Texas, Jackson, Mississippi, and visited Arizona and California several times. And I've never had Mexican as good as this little joint in Madison, Wisconsin. Go here!
3	With the number of top-notch authentic mexican eateries surround La Hacienda, I don't remember much of my experiences here to be honest. The few times I have been here are because my friends really wanted their meat platter and I am too lazy/tired to disagree with them. So that said, their meat platters are good for groups. You get a tonne of meat to share amongst your friends, and it does fill you up significantly. As in most mexican restaurants you get your complimentary serving of chips and salsa upon seating, and feel free to ask for more if you so desire. There isn't a whole lot I have to say about them. If I am in the area or if I am looking for mexican food this is not my top choice. There is nothing bad about La Hacienda. They serve decent food, the service is good and the ambience/layout etc is cool. As a matter of fact there is just too much competition around the vicinity. Tough luck...
3	Ok - so this place is a little bit of a hidden gem.  It is open until 3am every night, except for Friday and Saturday night when it is open until 4am.  You read that right!The margaritas are tasty, decently priced but nothing special.  I had a taco, tostada, and quesadilla.  The taco and tostada had steak in/on them.  The steak was tasty, fresh and hot.  The topping were fresh, nothing fancy.  Just the usual tomatoes, lettuce, onion, cilantro..etc... The food was flavorful but nothing new.  With a taco it is really difficult to reinvent the wheel.  So if you are looking for authentic Mexican then head over.  The dining room is very sparse so first date place, skip it.  Been dating a few months?  Definitely.You go here for the awesome hours, good tacos and decent margaritas.
3	3.5 Stars.La Hacienda is a GREAT late nite joint if you're in a the mood for food that isn't from the drive through. It serves as a great convenience for larger groups and the services is AMAZING. I have dined here on several occasions and I have never had a bad experience with a server.The food overall is solid. You're started off with chips and pico de gallo ( bottomless). The Pico is possible the best pico I've tasted at a restaurant. I always ask for more. The menu is extremely large. It's hard not to find something on it that doesn't t appeal to you no matter how much of a picky eater you are. I am a fan of their taco dinner or fajitas. Both meals come with spanish rice, pinto beans ( which I do not care for and never order) and the toppings for your meal. Please be warned, guac and sour cream is extra. I am OK with the guac being extra but why pay more for sour cream that comes in a small container that is the side of a quarter? I do feel that they are being very cheap on that front. Sour Cream should come with every meal free of charge! Also, I don't care too much for their chicken so I stick with steak. Overall, the food is good. Location is good. Service is good. Their location is perfect. It's really how they are able to make money. You're near downtown and UW Madison Campus. Lots of bars around the area and they stay open very late. Winning recipe for making profit.
4	Average.  First of all, I went to the Taqueria Guatalahara that everyone in Madison raves about.  Because I was dining by myself, I was offered the counter.  I asked for a table and you would think I was asking for a free meal.  After being escorted to a dirty table in the back with previous occupant's drink wet rings on the table and a menu plopped down as the snotty biotch started talking to other customers, I discovered they don't have margaritas and plus, you have to spend $10 to use a credit card,  I got up and left.   I arrived at la Hacienda determined to get Mexican food.  It's authentic.  The staff is authentic. I know, having travelled a lot to Mexico.  There was more staff working for pennies than customers.  Okay there were only about three tables of customers there.  I ordered and within 3 minutes, my dinner was in front of me.  Again, it's not the American version you get as "tex-mex" but it is what you get in Mexico.
2	We used to frequent this place for lunch about 10 years ago. Had dinner this evening and good was mediocre at best. Chips and guacamole were bland. Food was Americanized. The chicken in the enchiladas was dry. Had to douse with lime and pico de gallo. Disappointing.
2	The margarita, our server, and the queso appetizer are the saving graces of this review... The actual dinner entree portion of our meal was terrible. The dining room is a weird combination of what looks like old conference room furniture with little other decor or ambiance. Nothing I can't overlook if the meal is great, which unfortunately wasn't the case on Saturday night... Both the steak burrito and the vegetable fajitas were bland and nothing worth paying for. The fajitas were just a steamed plate of vegetables without any seasoning whatsoever and included an odd mixture of produce. We both left our dinner eating only the appetizer.
3	If u order a coke instead if saying cola u get a Mexican coke in a glass bottle. If u say Pepsi, u get a fountain drink.Aside from that. Really great service and polite people.   Food was ok. I'm from LA so I expect a lot from Mexican food places that claim to be authentic.  But for Wisconsin.This place isn't bad.
5	La Hacienda is one of the best - if not the best Mexican restaurant in town. Casual dining. Good prices. Helpful staff. I have been eating here for years and I highly recommend the place. My favorites are the enchiladas, nachos, or fajitas. I hear the margaritas are amazing as well. The decor is sub par - and the salsa isn't my favorite but, overall La Hacienda is delicious!
1	I came here a second time and ordered the flan and horchata and man was I disappointed!!! The flan is so small I thought it was toddlers portion. To make it worse it tastes like plastic and serves it with lemon. Wtf is that?? The horchata is not what u would expect. It tastes like u just bit into a coconut.  It's terrible.  Save yourself the time and anguish and stay away!!!
