5	The only downside to this place is that it can turn into a regular hot dog cart sometimes! The non-staff guy to girl ratio is pry 3:1 (best case). But the ladies that work there are very easy on the eyes, and are wearing skimpy outfits! So if your looking for 1) watching sexy babes - light on the clothes 2) drinking beer 3) watching sports.. i can think of no better place.. As for a Hooters comparison, i would go here anyday over Hooters.
4	This place is kinda like a cross between Hooters and The Library, only with better food.  The servers are 9 times out of 10 very attractive, friendly, and attentive, plus only wearing little short skirts and skimpy tops.  Plenty of beer choices, and lots of options for food that are quite good.  I'm a big nacho fan, and these do not disappoint.  Their buffalo chicken wrap is a solid choice as well.  This place gets pretty crowded at lunch times and can get packed after work as well.  They have plenty of big screen TVs for watching the game, and a very large covered  patio area as well.  Aside from the servers, this place is pretty much a sausage fest (just full of dudes), so if you are looking for a place that has girls there too, you might steer clear of here.
3	I defer to my review of the South Tempe location on this place. I ate here last night. It's pretty much the same. To sum up - decent to good food (for sports bar food), attractive servers wearing skimpy outfits, stiff drinks at reasonable prices, and sports on big screen tvs. It's really not my kind of place because I'm not into sports or hanging out with mostly men who are all there to look at the servers and I'm also trying not to eat so unhealthy. Aside from that though, I can recommend it.One thing I didn't say in my other review in which I compared Tilted Kilt to The Library and Hooters (because they're all basically the same kind of place), is that out of the three - this one is the most consistent and probably the best. The Library is a close second on average, but it depends entirely on when you go.This location has a nicer patio than the Tempe location. Also, the servers here are a little more attractive than they are efficient. I'd put TK between a 3 and a 4. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
4	Great food, strong drinks, good atmosphere and I love the kilt/skirt thing. They are almost school girls outfits. We went at the heart of lunch today and we seated right away. The servers were confused as to whos table it was but "that is cute right" It must be rough being a cute girl. We have been to all of the T.K in AZ, they are all consistant and employ good looking and nice waitresses.
3	OK this is a Scotish/Irish pub. It's a sports bar through and through. The menu is typical tailgate fare with a few good entrees. This place is large so there is plenty of room to watch your favorite team. It has a deck that allows for smoking which thrilled a few of our group. Our experience was OK. The staff was friendly but one gets working on Sunday night they get tired and/or bored. The staff is dressed in kilts, imagine that. The guys were a long kilt and the gals. Well red tarting micro-kilt, push 'em up tartan "bra" and button down shirt tied up. Heck look at pictures. I'll add my own soon. It's not a bad spot to watch sports and have cheap food. oh they have a ca lander of the gals.
1	Hot chicks and stiff drinks. An outside bar where you can smoke. What could be bad about this? The service sucks. For the second time in 3 weeks I went in with a buddy and could not get anyone to serve us. We flagged one one of the many waitresses and asked for a menu. We never were asked for an order. For the 2 beers we did get we had to go to the bar and get them our selves. Sunday morning I talked to a friend who had been in Wednesday night and got the same type of treatment. This place does not deserve your business, especially at $6. a pint.
3	My coworker recommended this spot after we had a half work day on Saturday. I figured, "hell, beer and chicks in skirts..deal"I guess I shouldn't really take away stars from them because I wasn't that impressed with the talent this place had walking around, but I suppose I did. The service is mediocre. I get the feeling that the girls there feel that since everyone is gawking at them, that they don't need to try any harder. After all, breast size dictates tip size, correct?It's a bar, with a bunch of regulars,who hoot and holler when their fave skirt punches in for work. If you're offended by women being treated as skirt-clad sex objects, don't come. But if you want a cold pint and some visual stimulation, stop on in.
3	I'm not a big fan of pub food and haven't really eaten here a bunch and the food I ordered was just ok. The last time I went though, I was pleasantly surprised with the chicken wings! They were a bit on the spicy side for "medium" but it really enjoyed the taste and the sneaky spice that would get ya after you finished one... Sneaky spice... Hmm... If I were in a boy band from England I think that would be my name... Ok that was not funny at all!!! :) This is a good place to meet up for a drink and hang on the patio for a while to watch a game or catch up with a friend. The TV's are OK to watch a game but not great as they have some older ones, some with HD and some without. The atmosphere is good but really hit or miss as far as the scenery. It seems that the wait staff has an A team and a B team and only during Friday happy hour or Sat. night have I seen the A team. All of them friendly and have no problems with the service.
2	Brian S. Sum's it up perfectly with "if you're going to try to be a Hooters/Library sports bar rip-off, hire more attractive, more in-shape waitresses to wear those cheesy uniforms."The only reason I give it a second star is because it's so close to home and they're open till 2, so I can't hate totally.
3	Believe it or not, I agree with both Joshua W. and Terry M.  Definitely a much higher ratio of guys to girls here (I'm guessing that's due to the waitress and bartenders outfits:  very short kilt-like skirts and low cut tops).  The food is above average pub fare, and the bar selection is very good.  The service, however, is poor.  I've gone there a few times, mostly due to its location, and unless you are sitting at the bar, the service has been attrocious.  Let me rephrase that, if you are a couple, the service is merely below-average, but if you are a couple of guys, it has if you are wearing your cloak of invisibility.  The last couple of times I noticed that there seemed to be some regulars who the servers congregated around (sometimes 3-4 servers at a time), while the rest of the patrons were basically ignored.
3	Oh my god, did you see how big those things are?? Like in your face huge! Get your mind out of the gutter, I'm talking about the nacho's. Yes, the amount of silcone came in a close second size-wise, but the nacho's were bloody huge. The taste was alright, but nothing to get excited over for this nacho conniseur.Food, meh. Ambiance, meh. Cider selection, miniscule. The group I was with was great though, so I had a great evening talking with friends and playing NTN trivia. It was pretty quiet for a Saturday night, which suits me fine really. At least we got good service. The waitress had no choice but to pay attention to us since we were her only table.I don't know what the guys below are talking about, these chicks have great racks (I'm sure they're all putting themselves med school, right?) and slamming bodies. Besides, I challenge Brian S. to walk around slinging beers in a tiny skirt and little more than a bra and see how unforgiving the ladies are with his shape. Good enough for a Saturday night out, but nothing special.
2	on a normal day the food makes my stomach turn. it is greasy and the products are low quality. this place is good for a hangover lunch. that's about it. service is slow, my absolute pet peeve. i have a hangover, i want more cola and you're taking a 20 minute smoke break. not cool.
3	An A.D.D. sports fan's dream! We were in Scottsdale for the weekend and wanted to watch the UFC event and have drinks and food.......we ended up here!The waitresses appear to be Hooters' girls prior to enhancement. Cute outfits and pretty gals.The service was a tad slow but the waitress was working her butt off, as it was busy due to it being an Oklahoma game and this being the local alums hangout. There were screens all around, friendly people, good atmosphere. The food was what prevented a higher rating. It was "okay" and that is typical for a bar. All in all, a fun place to go, though!
3	So....shall we start off with some positives?Ok. The beer selection here is good and the happy hour drink specials are not bad. AND there is a plethera of flat screen TVs that surround you. It's definitely hard to decide whether to stare at the TV or the big tata's attached to the servers. I managed to find a happy medium.The menu is has great variety, but the food itself was only ok. I ordered the Sloppy Jane, the other half ordered a Salad. The sandwich was huge and messy, just how I like it. The first three bites were devine, and then it started tasting soggier and soggier. The salad was bleh.As to be expected, the place is definitely a sausage fest...BUT a good place to go to, to catch a game or have a quick drink. I don't think I would linger long enough to watch the masses get wasted though...
1	First, yes, the waitresses were beautiful, even on a Monday night.  Drinks were average at best...lots very dark Jack & Cokes.  Food was terrible.  Frozen pizza appetizer was the lowlight.  Highlight was the what seemed to be homemade potato chips.  They were nice.2 stars for the outfits but no stars for service.  Had our waitress had more of a personality, we may have stayed longer.  But weak drinks, bad food and poor service are not a good combination.Oh, and add in the creepy guys who were there eating by themselves and not a good situation.  Made me long for Hooter's...(OK, that part isn't true.)
4	I really was not looking forward to coming here. The only reason I came was that I was invited by coworkers and I felt obligated to go since I turned down every prior invitation to hang out with them and didn't want to be "that guy". (To my coworkers reading this: I don't mean I wasn't look forward to hanging out with YOU, I just meant I wasn't looking forward to hanging out at Tilted Kilt. So calm down Bart)So, maybe I'm not good in math, but I would have thought that the equation:Sexy waitresses in skimpy clothes(North Scottsdale location + cheap drinks) = douche bag centralI am very happy to report that I was sadly mistaken. The bar was crowded, but not too crowded.  I could still easily walk around without side stepping or "politely" elbowing people to move them out of my way! The music was loud enough to easily here, yet still quiet enough that I didn't have to shout to the person next to me. The waitresses were all really friendly and attentive. The crowd was laid back and drama free. My BIG mug of Blue Moon was like $6. It was definitely good times! I look forward to a return visit.
1	this place is horrible.food is terrible. the frozen appetizers comes out still cold and half thawed. way overpriced. lousy pours on alcohol. i would never go near this place on the weekends and have to deal with all the douchebaggery. if you make it on a weekday for reverse happy hour you can score a 90 schilling or a decent IPA for $3, honestly no sense in going here even if all your buddies are super horny, might as well just skip the overpriced bs and just buy them a lap dance at the strip club. i guarentee you they will enjoy it more than going to a horrible creation of an "irish" hooters.....
5	I go here every Saturday to watch 12 hours of college football, and its always a great time. The food is actually really really good. I usually get the Caesar Wrap, Kilt Burner Wings, Longshank's Platter, or the Drunken Clams. NOTE: It's an Oklahoma bar during college football season, so be prepared if you're rooting for another top team.
2	corny spot, but it's next to the hotel and Guiness is on the menu tonight
2	What can you say about this place? I was in the area, in the middle of the day, and thirsty. I had never heard of the Tilted Kilt before, so I thought - an Irish pub!! All right!! I went in - and things were looking great - nice interior, lots of big screen TV's, and good looking waitresses (I'm a guy - I like looking at good looking scantily clad women).But it went downhill fast. I wandered over to the bar, sat down, and waited. Did I mention I was thirsty?  It took a good 5 minutes for the bartender to even notice I was there - she was busy talking to other customers on the outside bar.  She finally noticed me, and handed me a menu and took my drink order. Never said a word!!  She then went back to her conversation with the others. While she was socializing, I did look at the menu, and the food people were eating, and nothing really looked or sounded appetizing. Twenty minutes later, she came back, and sharply asked me if I wanted to order. By that time, I just wanted another beer before I left. She grumpily took the menu, and went back to talking to the guys on the outside bar.I did notice that out of about 20 people in the restaurant, all were men.  Obviously, they were there to look at the waitresses, and not for the service or food. But all were sitting at the bar or outside patio - maybe the secret is to sit at a table.BTW - the bartender never came back.  She was so engrossed in her conversation on the other side of the bar, I could have walked out without paying and she never would have noticed.  I did leave cash for the drinks - but no tip.  So if you want to dine and dash - this might be the place. But otherwise, don't bother.
2	i'ts hard to give a place where you see a lot of boob a bad review, but i have to.  the food is pretty crappy.  some english & irish beer on tap, but i'm not a huge fan of those.  it's all mainstream stuff you can find at safeway.  i guess not a bad place to get a beer and watch a game if there's no other choice and you have't seen 1/2 a boob in 6 months.  but i wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
1	Let's See....  Horrible service from a skanky girl, serving food that belongs in a correctional facility.This had to been one of the very worst dining (for lack of a better word) experiences I've ever had, anywhere.Can't I post anything lower than one star??
3	A local favorite - rock solid food and service. They offer lots of specialty foo-foo drinks for the ladies. I wish their patio was a little larger for day-drinking.
3	This is definitely a guy hang out. Sure, I like the boob fest. But, I want a beer and I want it cold. This they provide. Prices are a little on the high side. Decor is ok. Seats are hard on the butt if your there for a game. Speaking of which they have lots of big screens for your viewing pleasure. I didn't sit on the outdoor patio, some boob was smoking a cigar are trying to impress, I guess. Anyway, the one real positive here were the wings which they serve as grilled or fried. Go for the grilled wings: some of the best I've had in a long time. I ate the shepherd's pie for dinner: survey says? 2 stars. It reminded me of a can of sloppy joe mixed with some frozen veggies. That took be back to my college days. The beer was cold. $3.00 for a well draft at happy hour. Not bad, not great.Service was very average. I had to flag the waitress down to get our dinner order. But the beer was cold and it was 110 outside. Anyway, I used to go here a lot when I lived in the 'hood and it first opened. Service was really good, food was good and the prices were good. Now, I wouldn't really bother unless it was to meet someone to go somewhere else. One beer and I'm outta there. Maybe a good place to see a game. I can think of 10 other placed I would rather go to watch a game than here. And, too many men. It's like a dumbed down version of Hooters except the food is a little better.
1	Will not be coming back.  Drinks tasted weak. Very weak.
2	Good beers and average female talent level.  Unfortunately, the girls aren't nearly as friendly as other similarly themed places.  The place isn't very clean.  Decent place to grab a beer, shoot the sh$t and head home.  I wouldn't go there to hang out for a game.
1	Trying to capitalize on the Hooters gig, Tilted Kilt fails.The waitstaff is OK. Having to prance around in those little outfits may please the male clientele but I don't know... maybe I'm getting old (or maybe it's because I have daughters that age) but it's kinda degrading... Our waitress had to be no more than 19....she still had braces. Looked at my receipt when I got home and she even charged us for too many beers. Food was typical bar food. I had a burger and it was no better and no worse than any burger I've had in any sports bar in America. Nothing to write home about. Lots of TVs. I even got to see my beloved Phillies on a screen right in front of me.All in all, it's a gimmick. Stay away.
4	I am not going to mark this place down for the outfits. I know the girls are forced to wear them, and few wore them well, but that is the schtick, right? The service was great. Our service was cute and bubbly, so much so I barely registered she was half naked. I thought the food was good. Maybe others did not order the right thing? It is a sports bar, people, don't order a steak and expect Ruth Chris. My husband had the black and blue burger and it was very good. It smelled so good, I grabbed a bite while he was outside on the phone (grandma's 92nd birthday). I split the nachos with my brother. They were good, but I couldn't find the chicken that was supposed to be on them. If you are on Four Square, you can get half off on an appetizer, which was nice because this place i pretty expensive. Even with a $6 deduction, our bill was $50 for 4 beers, a burger, and an appetizer.
2	I debated between 1 and 3 stars. I will settle on 2 and be nice. The wait staff is half naked and the men love it. I really didn't care either way.  I did notice that besides the employees there was about 100 people there and only 5 were girls!  YIKES!The service was crappy at best. The drinks went back and forth.. some were strong and good other tasted like they forgot to add the vodka. I have eaten food from here 1 time. I had the artichoke pasta and that was good. It's the only reason I gave this place 2 stars. I wouldn't think this is a great place to bring your date. As a girl you can't help but be all ignored and what not.  I wouldn't even say its a great place to hang out if you want to meet someone other than other men. The men here all act like they have money because they are in Scottsdale. Looking around the parking lot you can tell most of them do not. The wait staff seems to not give 2 craps about their tables and all hang out with the regulars and ignore everyone else. So if you are looking for a place to hang out with a bunch of broke posers, half naked women who will ignore you, crappy service,  week drinks, and an over priced menu come here. PS. When I came they weren't showing any sports just music videos that were just a little too loud.
4	Went there last Sunday - crowded but not packed. There were enough people for good energy but a few tables left.  I'd say it was a very good vibe. New in town and met some cool people, even got to heckle a lone cowboy fan when they lost which, next to the cards winning was the highlight of my day..Waitress was very nice and fast. Overall I'd say it's  a good place.
1	Bad food Bad service. Yuck!
5	I don't remember the service - aside from the pregnant waitress, the food or the beer.I do remember looking at all the ladies in the bar area wondering why the HELL they were dressed to the slut-acular 9's. Then it hit me: they're trying to pick up the guys who can't make it with the waitresses.Clever, and a little sad... and that makes for awesome AWESOME awesome people viewing! It's sooo much better than the airport!!!
4	Yes the servers are beautiful.  The food is decent.  Good happy hour specials.  A large Blue Moon for $6.50.  The sliders were good.  They didn't come as I ordered.  The waitress never noticed she didn't bring a side order.  The food overall was ok to good.  The sweet potato fries were the only bad item.  I know, hard to mess up sweet potato fries, but they did.  Overall if you want a fun atmosphere and don't have high expectations, you will enjoy the Tilted Kilt.
3	The Arrowhead location puts this one to shame in every way. The Scottsdale attitude is almost over the top at this location. Hello, you work for tips right? It was Friday during lunch and also Barrett Jackson just kicked off, so it may have been busier than most days. I had the chicken tenders and they seemed like they may not have been completely cooked through. Thank god for the mountain of fries to accompany it. Due to it being packed, I did not bother making mention of it to the waitress as it would likely have taken 20 minutes to prepare another basket. I have been to this location about 4 times in all over the past couple of years. It may be fun for a guy who has not been before, but does not hold enough interest to keep coming back on a regular basis IMO.
4	The food was ok, better than the last time, but still not top notch. I tried the pulled pork sandwhich, but I should have had the philly cheesteak. There were an unusually large number of drunk guys in the middle of the day.
2	Food was decent, staff was friendly when they paid attention to you, I was there kind of late and on a random night of the week and the staff seemed more concerned with their gossip and chit chat than taking care of customers... Kind of disappointed, they were dead and no one came by to check back in.  I'm only in town for business but if I lived here I would try somewhere else
4	Well I liked this place it smokes it's main rival Hooters. The food is much better more  screen TV's and the girls are much better looking. What else can you say.
2	I used to eat here, the service wasnt so great, seemed like the staff was snooty. I only liked 2 items on the menu. If you want good food with good scenery and nice friendly staff go up the road to twin peaks.
4	Went here off happy hour on a Saturday to watch some sports and grab dinner.  Food:  I tried the roasted garlic fries, which were amazing, and the flat bread which was okay.  The food prices were really reasonable and I can't wait to have the fries again.  Definitely something you will not want to eat if you're looking to pick someone up.Staff:  I sat at the bar the bartender was friendly.  There were a lot of older guys around (50+ in terms of age), and you could tell that it was a hooters like setup where they'd hit on the skimpy outfitted waitress (which hey no complaints about that) and she'd play along.  I saw a comment about the girls gossiping and sitting around.  There was a table where all the waitresses were together, but this was due to it not being busy and a was also setup to greet anyone who walked in.Prices  Food prices were reasonable, but beer was real pricey.  $6.75 for a 32oz miler light seems kind of ridiculous.  Yes it is off happy hour, but come on.  Overall:  I sat at the bar so I could watch the Olympics.  There were plenty of different tv's with all different sports which was great.  I also hope to sit outside next time since it seemed like a cool setup.  As I said food was good, waitresses nice to look at, and all in all a nice experience.
1	Before I begin this review, I want it to be known that I gave this place a chance.  Four chances to be exact.  And of those 4 chances, I was alone each time, and it was a weekend except for the last one, so I'll give them a slight slide on that (which is why I didn't give them a 0).  The last time that I went was on a weekday during the beginning of the lunch hour.  And I still had the same experience.The waitresses are their for show, not for customer service.  From my experiences going there alone, I always felt uncomfortable talking with them, because I felt like they were judging me with no smiles and seems to scoff when I did try to interact with them, including when I placed my order.The food is decent, and I do like the franchise, but I do not recommend this location.  If you want to go out and have a good time with good service, try the Tilted Kilt at Paradise Valley, or if you don't mind the travel, down to Chandler.  The one at Chandler rocks, and they take care of their patrons.
4	I'm never a fan of these brestaurants but this one makes up for it. And yes, I am a chick. For starts, the girls are wearing uniforms that actually fit them. Nothing is popping out and almost touching my food/beer. Second, the girls are actually clean looking - not sporting the greasy or 'I just got out of bed and look at my nappy hair' look. The service was excellent. Quick, accurate and friendly without.. weird friendly. Drink prices were fair even off happy hour and the nachos were great.  They actually layer the meat/cheese throughout which is so nice compared to most placed that just dump the flavor on top leaving you with nothing once you peel away the layer of 3 inch thick crap.  The rest of the food looked like regular bar food. The patio is awesome, they even have a fire place and water/ fish pond thing. Total chill place except for the weird-eye-balley-men here. We watched a couple walk in and sit across from us at the bar (it's like a square shape). The guy left to use the bathroom or something and this random eye-baller came up and proceeded to not only hit on the chick(who was not as hot as the waitresses) and proceeded to tell her how he was a Dr. and blah blah. Needless to say when the guy returned they almost got in a cat fight.  Sad part about it, Mr. Dr. was wearing holey Old navy t-shirt... That's Snottsdale for ya... $30k millionaires all over the place.
1	Visited for the first and last time yesterday. Arrived and sat at the bar only to wait (no exaggeration) 15 minutes to be acknowledged. I felt like my friend and I were in a bad movie. "Whadaya want" said the 6 foot muscleman behind the bar. One Dos Equis and one bud light were ordered. I asked the bartender what he recommended for lunch and the following just amazed me: "It's all good dude" as he finished his conversation with a fellow employee about how he can't get enough hours. "Gee I wonder why"?. Anyway, after ordering a pastrami sandwich which came quickly we began to feel the pain of our decision to drop in. The bread was hard and the meat was dry. The bartender didn't provide us with silverware or plates. I thought maybe he was trying to piss me off... I dunno. Finally another waitress checked on us and set us up. Mind you, I know it was  Sunday football right? but the bar area wasn't busy...now I know why. Service sucks!!! I spoke with Todd Manger: the assistant gen manager. Said he would take sandwich off the bill but felt like he just wanted to get rid of me.... which was fine. SO... $14.00 for 2 draft beers that I could have had down the street at a dive for 4 bucks with more personality. Don't go here. You'll be sorry
3	You don't come to Tilted Kilt for there food just like any other "breastruant" Ive tried a few things off the menu but nothing worth eating twice the drink specials are usually really good at this place which makes it worth going to. The scenery also isn't bad the waitresses outfits are also a bit more tasteful than hooters. Overall its worth checking out.
4	Great place to watch games, better than average bar food.  Service is a plus!
3	I wouldn't go out of my way to return here. We happened to be staying next store in the Sleep Inn, and decided to have a couple beers here. When your staying at the adjacent Sleep Inn or Hampton Inn, it serves as a glorified hotel bar. There is no need for a designated driver.    The Tilted Kilt is a good bar. The $3 draft beer is reasonable. The bar tenders were fast and friendly. The outdoor patio is nice. And the 2 a.m. closing time on Saturday is late enough for me.
4	Mostly very good bar food and a few outstanding menu items. Great for UFC fights after BWW closed down the street.  While I will always come back, some of the waitresses need to seriously check their attitudes.  While I never expect to always get a waitress that wants to sit down and chat with my boyfriend and I, sometimes I feel like I'd get friendlier service at McDonalds. It's ridiculous. One picked up our tipped check before we were done (totally rude). Alysha and one other girl were so sweet and cool, but girls like Lindsey need to have a hospitality lesson. I understand some girls that go here with their boyfriends are catty towards the waitress, but feel out your customer before giving the cold shoulder...
1	Very Poor service and average to below average food for the price.  Don't order the wings cause it is a rip off too.  I went to the Frank Lloyd/Bell and Scottsdale Rd location and order the 10$ wings and I thought I would get around 12 wings but only got 7 and when ask server she said that they weigh 1lbs and that is it.  After taxes and tip I paid 2$ a wing.  Now that is a Rip Off!!!!
1	I really didn't think I'd find a place that makes Hooters' food seem good. Here it is, the Tilted Kilt.I ordered the Cajun Chicken Salad. The chicken had some seasoning on it, but not enough flavor to discern whether or not it was Cajun spices or colored talcum powder. Then, here is where you're going to tell me I went wrong, I really don't like ranch style dressing so I asked to have honey mustard instead. I love mustard and figured the honey and mustard would complement the Cajun spices well. I'm not sure what kind of dressing they put on, but I would have trouble convincing anyone that it was honey mustard. It tasted like the mayonnaise dressing my mother used to put on her Waldorf salad, but worse. It was runny, flavorless, and really only seemed to function to hold the salad in a dome shape. Lastly, it was obvious the tomato used in the salad never reached maturity. It was one of those green tomatoes that are thrown into a room with ethylene gas to turn them red, but really they're just red-colored green tomatoes--crunchy, and absolutely devoid of flavor. Were they trying to use it in place of croutons?OK, I know you're also going to say, "You don't go to the Tilted Kilt for the food." Yeah, I've heard that one before. Then maybe they should stop serving food. They could just serve nachos and wings, like the bowling alley.I just have two pieces of advice for this place: Step up your game with your food. Make it taste like what you're billing it as. Cajun chicken should be, well, Cajun! Honey mustard dressing should taste like it has ... wait for it, honey and mustard in it. And, if you can't fix it, take it off the menu. I'd be embarrassed to serve something so awful.OK, enough of that. Our server was pleasant and nice, but she never once asked me about my meal. Showed no concern whether my meal was good or not. I was a little disappointed by that, but it's probably best. I wasn't in any mood to be dishonest with her.I ended up paying my bill and jetting. I had some leftover chili from home sitting in the hotel fridge screaming at me to be eaten.So, yes I know, you don't go to the Tilted Kilt for the food. Then why bother serving food? I'm so over the tired, hackneyed shtick at these places I just want a decent, well-made meal. Maybe someone could put that shtick in a restaurant and actually make food worth eating? What an odd thought?And finally, just so I can continue this mindless rant. I've had good bar food all over this country. This ain't it.
4	Food was awesome, plenty of healthy options that taste excellent. Service was ok, waitress was very attentive to our tables needs, however her jugs were larger than my head which was, to say the least, intimidating. That being said, I will be back.
4	Food was good, prices was reasonable. The service was good too, and they made our drinks strong. Yes, it's kind of like hooters but I never felt uncomfortable. I would go again.I got the black bean wrap and it was delicious.
4	If you are a girl prepared to be ignored. Completely different service given to us chicks than what the guys get. Weird..I love Nick the manager though, he is one of the reasons I will always come back!Their food is good though and the happy hour specials are awesome.
3	Black And Bleu Burger was very good.  Bleu cheese isn't overpowering and the burger patty had a nice smokey taste.  Could have done without the manager/waitress drama a few feet away from me though.  Take it to the office! Professionalism & self control are going out the window in today's America!
3	Everything tastes like it was Frozen at one time, maybe not, but then they need to clean out their Reefer? This is the  second time I've visited hoping to try something different, only to be disappointed about it's preparation.  The wings are great as is one of their "Signature Dishes" their "Shephard's Pie," but I'm not sure what else is.  My suggestion would be to ask your waitress what is fresh and what started out frozen.  Otherwise it's a Pub, they show sports, you play pool, you drink beer, and you enjoy the view, everything somehow tastes better after you've been there a while.
5	The chili is really good with huge chunks of beef in it.  The flatbread style pizza is also very good.  The onion rings are awesome.  The girls are all hot and really nice.  There are plenty of TV's.  That's about it!
3	Good bar food and drinks. Attentive staff. I like the Irish nachos
2	Good atmosphere but food portions are light.  Put some food on that plate.  On a positive note, Dani is a great server!
1	Decent food warm ass beer. When I suggested to the waitress to put some beer on ice she told me that was illegal? I couldn't finish the beer, ordered water and finished my meal before I strangled her manager. Wont ever go back there, its a shame nice tits and ass but that cant help you choke down a hot beer.
4	Friendly service even though the servers' outfits are a little bit over the top.  Nice cold beers on tap.  Got a chicken wrap to be a little healthier and it was surprisingly tasty.
3	I'm not a big reviewer but, felt the need on this one. My first visit to have wings and a beer. Guinness was delicious and grilled wings with medium sauce were better than expected. All claims on the friendliest staff are false. Barmaid I had was a disappointment. She was impatient, fake, not at all friendly or welcoming. It wasn't like she was busy at 2:00 PM. If you are not a regular, you don't get the time of day. Many other sports bars to choose from with warmer service. Not worth a return visit.
1	We went during happy hour, needless say, service was awful. Servers and the two managers were playing on their phones. My wife's mushroom swiss burger was OK, the mushrooms and red onions were still raw. When leaving the hostess was too busy on her phone to say bye to us! Really, I had great expectations after seeing this chain on undercover boss. He's needs go undercover here!
3	The girls were all sitting at tables talking to their regulars.  Trying to get service was tough.  The food, however, was awesome.  The spinach salad is the best I've had anywhere.
4	This is a very fun place to relax with good food, good drinks, and good people.  Prices weren't too bad.  Service was great.  There are TVs everywhere so you can enjoy any game you want to watch.  There was also live music on the patio, which was a very nice touch.  I only wish they had reverse happy hour on the weekends, but let's be honest ... that might be a tad greedy.  :-)
1	I was staying at the Springhill suites, so I ordered for hotel delivery.  It took 45 minutes when they said it would take 20.  The driver was held up because of a hotel guest not showing up at the pervious stop.  Not his fault so I don't blame him for being late.  However, when he picked up my food after the delay, no one checked to see if it was still warm before letting it leave the restaurant.  When the food arrived, I paid the drive an extra $2.00 tip on top of the 2.00 service charge and 18% gratuity.  (gas is expensive and 18% on 14.00 is not much)  my food was COLD.  Not room temp, but cold.  Practically inedible.  I called and they did not offer much except if I wanted to go over there, they would make me a new meal.  This was at 7:45 at night and I have meetings in the morning.   They blamed the diver and said he was new, however, he should have been trained better then.  They were nice on the phone, but should have credited me at least a portion of my meal.   This is a big chain, they should know better,
1	Service was bad, sat talking with friends . Nachos cheese wasn't melted . We will not be back . Surprised they stay open .
3	Just wandered in for a quick drink and to get my fix of young college women in schoolgirl outfits. The blonde bartender who served me my brew qualified as serious eye candy so my mission was accomplished. What is the staring time limit? lol. They have special beer prices hanging all up all over the place, but how about a piece of paper with all the specials or the bartender telling me what's on special? I missed out on a good deal because of lack of info, but still grabbed a large can of Boddington's for about 5 bucks. This is a really small version of the Kilt, it must be an older one. Too bad there was one unbelievably annoying women talking in a high pitched voice to her Scottsdale douchebag friends that drove me away from the bar area. Not sure who hangs out here though as place is wedged between four hotels, so it might be just winter visitors.
4	We visited here three time during our twelve days in the area.  A good test of a place is how well the food and service holds up during a crunch.We came in to watch the football play-offs and the place was howling.  Caught the last table to watch the second game (got lucky there)Had some appetizers and cheese steak, fries and a mess of tea and Chardonnay.  Food all tasty, hot, cheesy, melty good.Glasses always full.Wait staff all uniformly cheerful and constantly moving, despite the crunch of mostly hammered football fans.We need one of these in Washington.
4	Tried the new "Fit Wrap" and it was very healthy on their Heaven and Hell menu. It had a weird combination of stuff, but it worked. Shaved turkey, spinach, cukes, carrots, onions, tomatoes and a pesto vinagarette. I guess sweet potato fries aren't the best for you, but they were the side dish, so gotta have a few and they were crinkle cut and non-greasy. Shannon might be the best looking Kilt girl in town and is super friendly and even remembers people's names. Strange mix of tourists and Scottsdale douchebags, but all was calm at the bar
2	Too expensive,and all dudes at the bar.its very close to the house and it has a pool table,or i wouldnt go back.
5	This review is mainly based on the service and a cool manager that took care of us there. Food is your typical sports bar/ chain type but was pretty good. Wait staff was very attentive, got our order right and food out fast, always there refilling our water and kept the beer coming. They even had some girls giving out free shots of a new Irish Whiskey!! What put it over the top was that we were visiting for the weekend and wanted to find somewhere to watch our New Mexico Lobos play for the conference championship. Despite the fact U of A was playing at the same time and they were getting ready for a UFC that night the manager on duty set us up with a section with the Lobo game on and kept it on for us until the very end. MUCH appreciated, that's the kind of service that goes a long way!!!!!
4	Great service. Bartenders are all fun and attentive. Great variety of ice cold brews and the Irish stew in phenomenal!
4	Been here twice already. Very friendly staff, Patio set up is great, inside is 'eehh.' Food portions are more "European" (smaller in size) but very tasty! Drink specials are good, beer selection is nice as well.
3	The girls were all sitting at tables talking to their regulars.  Trying to get service was tough.  The food, however, was awesome.  The spinach salad is the best I've had anywhere.
2	It's like someone took an Applebee's menu and changed the names to sound Scottish, and then arriving upon the realization of their terrible plan decided that mass amounts of cleavage would really do the trick. Ick.
2	Hooters more or less. Plenty of eye candy and terrible food. The mix drinks are terrible. Beer only.
5	Stopped by this morning looking for somewhere to watch Brazil v. Chile and we were very pleasantly surprised.   Never been to a TK location before so didn't know what to expect but the breakfast was REALLY good, priced well and we had good service.  Will definitely be back when I am in the area.
1	Would give zero stars if i could the service we received the worst service ever. Ive been to plenty of kilts and normally have a great time, not this time. She was blonde, pale, and went by the name of Carrie. She was very rude and made it seem like we weren't worth her time. SORRY, I WAS GOING TO TIP YOU. Try harder next time sweetie.
4	What can I say? I am happy with this place. This was actually my 2nd time there and it didn't disappoint. We sat at the bar during Happy Hour and had a beer. The bartender was great(I love how they all introduce themselves in Phoenix, unlike Chicago)Got a little hungry so we ordered the Calamari that we previously enjoyed and a Pint O' Fries($2 happy hour special) Came out hot and delicious. Love the sauce for the Calamari, its like a Spicy Mayo with chopped green onion! Last time we went there we had Fish and Chips and Calamari. Both were very good last time as well. Not a place we will frequent much with so many new options in Phoenix, but really love their semi-outdoor bar area! Complete with misters and several TVs.
1	WOULD CHOOSE ZERO STARS IF POSSIBLE! My husband and I dropped by this last Saturday night at about 5:15pm. We were seated and was told that someone would be by shortly. We waited over ten minutes and not one employee stopped at our table, not even to get our drinks. We were even seated along a busy walk area and nothing! And worst part was there were 5 girl employees crowded around the bar not even 15 feet from us, too busy chatting with each other. So we got up and left and on our way out, one of them said "Have a nice night!" Like really!?!?Don't waste your money here! My husband and I traveled 4 miles down Bell to Twin Peaks and the service was great and the food delicious! We didn't have a hard time dropping $80 there :) and we will def go back to that place. BUT NOT TO THE TILTED KILT!
3	This place used to be a lot of fun when it first opened and the quality of ladies were better. That's no offense to how it is now, just liked it better a few years ago. Food still tastes the same (nothing bad, nothing amazing) but still a nice bar to go to for a drink or two
1	I'm new to this area.  i probably should've researched this place before stopping in for lunch on a whim.  I understand Taverns and sports bar environments, but THIS...i wish my daughter would come home with a uniform from this clown ass establishment.  We'd be showing up for her first shift together.  As a parent I don't get it.  These young ladies are waitresses, not strippers.  And the ladies are young.    We walked in and probably should've left but stayed.  The service is ok, and the hamburgers we ordered were also alright.  College football games were on, and this seems to be the place to go for that.  The prices were a bit high for what was served as well.
3	3 stars for the awesome servers and bartenders!! 2 negative stars for the so called manager in his red sweatshirt sitting in the corner drinking with his buddies acting a fool and rudely calling over our server to do stuff for him!! Great management team you have here !! I will always come here for my great bartenders and servers but get rid of the so called manager being rude to his servers and bussers and bartenders...By the way for time stamp it was Sunday night the 4th of January!!
