5	Great locally owned froyo shop. After dinner at Hula, we noticed that a new shop had opened in the same complex. We walked in and low and behold... It was a recently opened yogurt shop. It turns out that they opened today at 2pm. The seating and atmosphere are really relaxed but fun. They have some usual flavors (milk choco and vanilla) but they have some fun flavors (strawberry banana and red velvet) too. Something else I noticed is that they have low fat and a sorbet option. Their toppings are freshly cut and yummy! I'll def be going back!!
5	This is the hippest yogurt shop in town, and the only one--that I know of--that doesn't look like it was picked out of a franchise catalog.  I was having afternoon drinks/snacks at Hula and wandered over to see what was happening, since I had seen construction activity on my way to Lux for coffee every morning.  I'm not sure what was here before, but it feels like a modern beach shack, with a big comfy couch, a giant custom table with benches, and a lot of slick reclaimed wood.  I want to come and just hang out here.  The owner said they have free wifi, so I will be back with my ipad.As for the yogurt, I tried the caramel, and it was as good or better than any yogurt I've had in the valley.  Plus, they are restaurateurs (they run Hula, too), not just douchebag investors looking to make a quick buck (no offense to douchebag investors), so I trust that they give a damn about the quality of everything they serve.  I'm happy to see this place open and I look forward to a long, happy relationship.  There's no sign yet, but it's literally next door to Hula, and right off the street.Just like Hula, I have access to their car chargers for my Leaf, so yet another bonus.  Only yogurt shop in town with EV charging.
5	I am so excited! My boyfriend and I have been saying for a while that what our neighborhood is missing is it's own frozen yogurt place. Today it seems as if our prayers had been answered. Not only is the location super convenient, the ambiance is at the same time cool and cozy. I would have come here even if the yogurt had been mediocre but the flavors I tried today were all absolutely delicious! (I had the caramel, the milk chocolate, and the cookies and cream) The toppings are of a nice variety and freshness as well! I know I will be a regular. I am just a little worried about the crowds, as I am sure this place will become a quick favorite for all who stop by.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by not only the hip location/interior of this place, but also the superb taste of the frozen yogurt. They had about 10 flavors, not as many as some of the other franchise yogurt shops, but they didn't need any more because the flavors were SOOO good! I got the caramel and cookies and cream. Toppings are A+ as well! Fresh and a wide selection. Comfy seating both indoors and out. And, being owned by Hula's and located between Hula's and Maizie's, I know I will be back here quite often.P.S. If you use the bathroom, you have to walk outside to get to it and they will give you a giant wooden mushroom attached to the key. It's quite entertaining!
5	Great frozen yogurt in a warm, relaxed and comfortable atmosphere. A really nice change from the cold, plastic, brightly colored yogurt shops you see popping up everywhere. Nice selection of toppings and the yogurt flavors are intriguing (I had the caramel which was silky and nicely sweet).  It's also locally owned which is important to me.  I will be back!
5	Delectible & Digging the far out flavors....  I think I steped back into childhood when I walked in to this place.  It's mod retro look and Yummy velvet cake/cheese cake frozen delight made me absolutly gitty as a school girl.  I'm loving the vibe and the fun activities Dana.  Great Job on the new place and my compliments to the whole team.  You get a YEAH BABY from me!  (Austin Power quoted here)PS  Left a message on the old Type writer,  a couple of drawings at the desk and sat near the TV to watch the Winter Olympics on the TV.  That TV makes it not feel so much like summer. :)  All that was missing was a Hula Hoop so I could TWIRL around alittle. :)
5	Finally! I found my favorite yogurt place. I've only come across franchise shops, and was never very impressed. The decor and layout was thoughtfully designed with bar seating along the main window for superb people watching and a sweet comfy lounge area for great conversation and yogurt eating. Patio seating is available too. Besides the yogurt, I loved the stack of sketch books and cups of colored pencils for guests to doodle!Now, on to the most important thing = YOGURT! Hands down, the most flavorful and refreshing. Some chains compromise quality in order to provide 15+ flavors, but this place didn't need to. Also, the yogurt was flavored perfectly w/o too much artificial flavoring. Favorites: 1. Caramel w/cheesecake bits (...and I don't even like caramel, but this converted me!)2. Strawberry banana3. Cheesecake w/oreos4. I got a sorbet I think too, can't remember the name but it was wonderful!5. Fantastic, personable employees! I only spoke with a woman who was working, but she was so nice and friendly. Also, right when we walked in we were immediately greeted. I will never buy fro yo anywhere else. Unless I happen to be traveling outside Phoenix!
5	Yes, Yes, Yes! I am so happy that we found this place. The yogurt here is fantastic, the toppings are great, the price is right and the decor is wonderful. One of the problems of frozen yogurt shops is the vibe. I actually feel like an adult in this place. It has a coffee house feeling and it is right next door to Hulas, which makes it easy to pop in after delicious food. Yum!
5	Yum.. finally a yogurt shop that works.. love it.. Twirl just opened, place is clean, tidy and the yogurt is really good.  Don't overlook this little gem .. it's easy to find and worth finding a parking spot to check them out.. enjoy...Updated my review to 5 stars--they now have a reward program, yogurt variety is wonderful and location is cool too!
5	So cute!! I was so happy to find a yogurt shop along Central, it needed one! Very impressed with the flavors of yogurt, also great customer service and nice place to lounge.  You must try it out!
5	Shangri La. My Happy Place. Heaven on Earth. Twirl is the best frozen yogurt shop I've ever eaten at. And I consider myself somewhat of an authority on the subject, because it is my favorite dessert in the entire world. Their flavors are delicious, the yogurt is creamy, and the topping options are wonderful. They have the BEST fresh blueberries I've ever had at any yogurt shop, and I love that they have mochi!And the price is really reasonable. SO much so, that my honey and I went twice in just a few days, and we don't really live right in the area. I know we'll be back really, really soon.
5	I was a yogurt shop princess in the late  80s when serve yourself hadn't been thought of yet.  So many people wanted just 6 ounces of yogurt and I was the yoguNazi, telling them NO!  It's four ounces or eight, people.  No more eyerolling at people who ask for 8 different flavors in one cup though...Twirl is by far the best yogurt shop in town... now, yogurt is basically yogurt, although a true connoisseur would be able to taste quality brand versus cheaper brand, correct frozen texture, etc etc. Basically ,what I'm an expert at is being able to tell if the people clean the machines at night or not . This place does, it has 10 flavors to choose from, but most importantly, the location is right on target.   People watching, hop a train, get a drink at hula's, and then grab a yogurt and hope it doesn't melt before I get to my dream  loft apartment in the nearby skyscraper condo building.Ok, I'm kidding, but Twirl is totally cool.  The decor is awesome and the location can't be beat.  So, go twirl it!  Their peanut butter is high class.
5	Great new yogurt place. Same owners as Hulu's10 great flavors to choose from. Sample cups to try them first. All natural ingredients, no fake imitation sugars or fillers.One vegan choice, more to come. Fresh fruit, large selection of toppings.Yogurt & toppings self serve.Self serve, priced per ounce. Lids available for take home options.Bottled water and sodas.Nice, comfortable industrial retro decor.Extremely knowledgable, friendly, helpful employee.Excellent location, between two light rail stops. Great hours.
5	Froyo is froyo is froyo, right?  Not at this place!!!Someone lovingly crafted the perfect midcentury modern cafe/coffee shop for this Central Phoenix neighborhood (think Lux, Pane Bianco, Postino, Windsor), and then decided to go avant garde and offer Frozen Yogurt instead of that cafe fare/coffee and pastries that you would expect for such a beautifully crafted space.  I actually wanted to hang out here.  I don't think I've ever said that about a froyo shop.The frozen yogurt itself was what you'd expect from any pay-by-the-ounce froyo shop, but Twirl gets some extra points for inventiveness in toppings - in addition to the standards, Twirl offers gourmet toppings like pumpkin pie spice, raspberry sauce, glazed pecans, and huge chunks of candy.  Perfect perfect perfect.
4	Went here after dinner at Hula's for desert. I'm not a HUGE frozen yoghurt fan (much prefer ice cream, myself) but I'm always willing to try a new froyo place if the price is right. Two people got decent sized portions for under $9.The cake batter flavour is probably the best I've tried of that flavour yoghurt and the caramel was also really good. Wasn't too keen on the cookies n' cream (a bit runny) or the chocolate (a bit too tart), but they weren't bad. A portion of each of the aforementioned with some Ghirardelli vanilla sauce, crunched up Kit Kat, and graham cracker crumbles hit the spot. Not as many topping options as I've seen at some places, but also not lacking.The interior, as mentioned in a lot of the reviews, is a lot more "adult" than most froyo places. It's very austere and somewhat "hipster", but that doesn't effect the product so what does it matter, really?I'd come here again when in the area.
4	After spending the night next door at Hula's Modern Tiki we decided to try Twirl. We were sure glad we did there's nothing like ending your night with some frozen yogurt! I've been to a lot of different places around the Valley and most of them are not very good. Twirl is one of those that stands out with a unique and very authentic flavors! They may just have the largest selection I have seen. The interior had a lot of thought and the pictures posted are a taste of the feel for this downtown area where you just feel like hanging out as if it were cafe like Lux or Citizen just down the street. If your in the area try it out, you won't be disappointed!
4	Two words....caramel froyo. Ok....here are some more words....it was awesome! Best froyo I have had. The fruit was all fresh and I liked that they had hot fudge. A friend of mine was upset that they didn't have boba, but I don't really mind that. I will definitely be back.
5	What is great about this place is that well there are several reasons it's Dairy Queen without the guilt ........ it's Churn without the cost...... It's the Pink spot without the walk "for me anyway's"and last but not least I can patronize my friend Dana M.( Hula's Modern Tiki) even if I don't have time to sit down for dinner and drinks............ Til next time
4	Twirl is adult whimsical and lacks the tweenie-cutsie atmosphere found with its competitors. I really like the laid back vibe and although the product quality is quite similar (in all honesty) to others, I find hanging here more enjoyable. The price point is 40 cents per ounce but who's really counting and If I end up with a $8 cup of for-yo then that's my own fault. My combo is the caramel, cheesecake-add graham cracker crumbs, a smidge of chocolate sauce and a gummy worm for good measure. Eat the worm first. I dig the place and you should too.
4	I tried this place on a recommendation of a friend. Their frozen yogurt is really good. The peanut butter flavor was rich and creamy. They also had a wide array of toppings. The only downfall is they were a bit pricey. I had the small cup whcich was not even full but once it was weighed cost almost 4 dollars. I would still say very yummy and worth trying.
5	Yum! I got everything caramel...and it was delicious! I really like the set up of the place. Love supporting local businesses!
5	I love supporting local businesses!!!  I really like the atmosphere inside of Twirl!  The FroYo flavors are great as are the toppings.  Support the locals in your neighborhood!!
5	Twirl has delicious, constantly changing flavors, and plenty of toppings. The store is very cute and comfortable to enjoy the frozen yogurt alone, or with many friends.
5	Nutella frozen yogurt. That is pretty much all I have to say about Twirl. I love frozen yogurt, but I'm first to admit that most frozen yogurt tastes about the same. However, this is not the case for Twirl's. The Nutella is creamy, it's chocolatey and it's completely delicious with every spoonful! They have a wide variety of flavors that are both fruity and creamy. In addition, they have several toppings to top off a delicious cup of fro yo! They have everything from caramel and chocolate sauce, to mochi and fruity pebbles. Twirl is the ultimate shop for a tasty sweet treat to get you through the day!
5	I have been to all the yogurt places in the valley, and I have to say I was blown away with the flavor of the yogurt at Twirl. It tasted the best I have ever tasted in a fro yo.
4	If you are a hipster yet crave the modern trend of DIY frozen yogurt this might be for you.So its a Saturday night you have you skinny jeans on, ironic T shirt, black rimed glasses and your fixie but alas you are not 21! and the bars won't let you in! and you lack the obligatory mac book to bet let in to the coffee shops, what are you to do?  This is where Twirl comes in.  Retro wood paneled walls a 50's era wood grain tv, laid back chairs and a couch. Oh yes they have frozen yogurt too, it is nothing special, not bad but can there be great frozen yogurt? The mix ins are standard fair and the check out will be a shock as the price per ounce is high.   They key is to nurse your toppings while you hang out and look hip.
4	When you enter Twirl you might not see an employee there right away because, as I later saw for myself after paying, that the teenage girl that works there is busy in the back room taking duck-face pictures of herself from above her head with her phone (true story), BUT she will probably be there to ring you up right when you need her to like she was for me.  The frozen yogurt at Twirl is as good as that first run on sentence was long. They may not have as many types of frozen yogurt as some of the other guys but what they do have is good stuff. They have a dozen or so types of froyo that you serve up yourself. They have sample size cups so you can find the right one for you before committing to anything you have to pay for. Then you put on your own toppings and they have allot to choose from. It is great that this whole process is self serve so you can make it the way you want. Then they weigh it and charge you. I had a huge helping and it was $6 and some change but I am a big guy. My wife said she and her sister went there many times and the bill for the both of them was less than my total bill, but I digress. The place has lots of seating, great music and a classy, mellow atmosphere geared towards adults who don't take duck-face photos. I would have liked to see a little bit more variety in their frozen yogurt but I still think Twirl is a good business I would revisit and recommend to friends.
5	Best Frozen Yogurt in town.
5	I love Twirl, and I'm so thankful it's far from where I live because I might become one of those people who thinks froyo is an acceptable meal replacement. In a town full of identical shops, this is the only place that I will get froyo. Anything else is just a waste of calories.It's always a good time at Twirl. I've been there 4 times, and there has never been more than two other customers there making it a very chill experience. The midcentury modern decor really makes the ambience great.I started off with the highly-touted caramel soft serve, but the praline and pumpkin pie flavors have really sealed my love of Twirl. Topped off with the killer hot fudge or caramel, it's a dessert worth craving. I'll be making lots of excuses to come back here.
4	I've tried just about all of the froyo places from North Phoenix to Tempe and several stops in between. I find most places to be the same as far as the yogurt itself but it's the vibe of the place that determines whether I frequent or not. Twirl is refreshing. It's simple, modern, sleek... HIP. I enjoyed eating my [salted caramel and nutella] froyo in peace - without the hustle and bustle often experienced at places like Yogurtland or Mojo. It makes a nice little pit stop on your way downtown or after dinner at Hula's across the way.
2	I'm at a loss for the high reviews for this place. Maybe I was there on an off day. I live within walking distance, so I wish I liked it more.I had a caramel-flavored yogurt that tasted just like...sugar. The toppings selection isn't as good as most of the other yogurt shops, either. I'm a mochi fan and there was only one flavor. Meh.
5	We get it. Self serve froyo is pretty darn good. But Twirl? Twirl is an experience beyond anything else those other self serve places have to offer. I mean, nutella froyo? Carmel macchiato? Parline? Those are only but a few of my favorite flavors but they have so much more to offer that it will leave you BEGGING for more. The yogurt itself isn't overpoweringly sweet like most other places I've been to which is a huge plus in my book. I think there could be more variety when it comes to the toppings, but with their offerings of yogurt, I usually opt to go sans extras.The decor is really funky and has this great ambiance. You get off kind of a coffee shop vibe when you're there. You know, the kind of place you can sit and chat with you friends for a couple of hours in a really comfortable setting. Or even just kick back and read or take in the day. It's really mellow and hip. I can appreciate a place that puts as much thought into there product as well as their presentation.If you haven't tried this place out yet, why don't you give it a TWIRL? ;)
5	Twirl was already my favorite froyo place in Phoenix (as evidenced by my prior Yelp review), but they took it up a notch tonight.  Sam the man went above and beyond to make sure I satisfied my sweet tooth late on a Sunday night.  Always good vibes at this place.  Love it love it love it.
5	On my second visit with my wife, there were two employees there to greet us when we came in.  There were employees there in the restaurant with us the entire time.  The service was great and duck-faces were non-existant!  Go visit this place for great froyo and the best variety of fresh toppings!
5	Awesome atmosphere... better than your everyday yawn-fest chain froyo. Def recommend. Good place to bring a group or a date. Cute, charming and cool to boot.
5	My balcony overlooks this quaint little place.  I was horrified when I first noticed it was a yogurt shop...as I am truly, madly, deeply in love with plain tart frozen yogurt and if they carried it, I surely would spend every afternoon and spare penny keeping them in business.  I could feel my butt getting bigger every time I looked at the cute little teal building so it was months before I dared to ventured in.  Now I have a deal with myself.  I will ONLY go there AFTER I work out!  Not only to keep my buns small enough for my jeans, but also so that adorable young man that works there doesn't feel stalked!  ;-)
4	loved having whipped cream as a topping, other fro-yo shops that I frequent do not.  Nice experience, yet would not necessarily go out of my way to stop here since I live far and have local fro-yo place nearby that is also very good.
4	I like this place. It's hipster inspired with an 80s 9 inch tv with wood paneling that plays nothing but white noise and static, BUT it has redeeming qualities;1. Lots of great topping options, some of which I can't find at other places like caramel syrup and honey.2. Some interesting and unique flavors on occasion, mostly for the holidays.3. It's just as cheap as the other places with less to offer, which usually have less comfy seats, or no seating at all due to being too popular!4. Friendly staff that have their friends in there all the time.Yummy and I'd love to check out the other things that are around in that area due to this place.
5	This is absolutely hands down the best frozen yogurt shop I have ever been to!  New York Cheesecake = Amazing, Chocolate = Delicious, Cake Batter = Phenomenal.  And to top it off - they have the best toppings.  Cinanamon toast crunch, cheesecake, twix, crunched up sugar cone, hot fudge and 50 other toppings.  I usually go to Orange Leaf - but this is way better!
5	I LOVE Twirl! The yogurt is exceptionally delicious and fresh, as are the toppings. All of the fruit is fresh, and they offer all kinds of delicious fruit. In addition to fruit toppings they also offer hot fudge and caramel, and lots of different candy toppings. They also offer some off-beat toppings for adventurous yogurt lovers. And the price is excellent also! You can get lots of yogurt and tasty toppings for a very reasonable price.The location is large, open, well decorated and clean. Very hipster... much like the staff. But, the staff is very friendly and helpful. I am always greeted with a smile upon entering. Overall, the quality of the yogurt, the novelty and freshness of the toppings and the atmosphere of Twirl make this an exceptional yogurt experience.
5	I've been to Twirl twice since moving to the neighborhood and loved it both times.The yogurt and toppings are great. Caramel macchiato is especially unique and delicious. There was a fun guy working when the bf and I stopped by to grab to-go orders, who gave us sample "fish eggs"- these cool little pineapple bubbles that are filled with liquid. Hard to explain, just look for the little orange balls. It definitely has a hipster vibe but I like that unlike most fro-yo places, it's a place where you feel comfortable hanging out for a while with friends. Not that fluorescent light-plastic chair atmosphere at most fro-yo places. I will definitely be getting Twirl cravings so it's a good thing this place is so close to my house.
4	I didn't see much difference between this place and a dozen other yogurt places I've been to. A few yogurt choices, and a few dozen toppings, charged by the weight.But it was good, and reasonably priced. Also, it seems like a nice place to hang out and relax, socialize, or maybe get a little work done. I'm sure I'll be back.
5	This yogurt place next door to HULA's on Central The flavors were all good, & the yogurt was that high-quality creamy kind, not that lower-quality ice milk garbage. They offered many different toppings! We are definately coming back & I HIGHLY recommend this place! No complaints here!  :)
4	We'd just finished dinner in an unfamiliar city (Phoenix) when we happened by Twirl.  A quick check on Yelp advised it was a froyo place.  Hubby was thrilled (because he looooooove froyo) so we just had to stop by.It's a pretty basic setup - get your own froyo and make your own creations with their variety of toppings.  I was very surprised to see the poppin' boba balls which are terrible for you but my favorite.  The proprieter of the place was very friendly, chatting with everyone in line and trying to give a lost potential customer on the phone directions to the shop.The place itself is very quirky and homey, complete with retro accessories (old TV, etc.)  Yogurt was solid (until it melted which was pretty quick) and a little icey at least on the evening we went.  Hubby and I prefer a creamier texture but this place was a great end to our last evening in Phoenix.
5	We stumbled on this joint quite by accident, after a tasty lunch at Hula's.  This may possibly be the best frozen yogurt I've ever had.  We discussed the possibility that maybe it's ice cream in disguise... and if that's the case, I'm happy to live the lie. The salted caramel is AMAZING.  I love salted caramel but find generally that's lacking.  These folks nailed it.  The froyo is creamy, delicious, and addictive.  The place has a cute, vintage feel to it.. kind of like you're in someone's back yard.  My hips are glad I don't live closer... my taste buds... not so much.
5	This is the place to get frozen yogurt in Phoenix hands down. People (maybe just those from California will know what I'm talking about) who love 21 Choices and Golden Spoon COME HERE for a good fix. The 2 before mentioned places will always have a special place in my heart but now that I live in Phoenix, this is by far my number one place to go for frozen yogurt. I haven't written a review in a long time so for me to feel so compelled to take the time to say this place is awesome, well that's just what it is, awesome.
5	Why skip or hop when you can TWIRL? One of my all time favorite froyo spots!Delicious frozen yogurt flavors, fresh toppings (great fruit selection),and the cutest atmosphere for enjoying it!Five stars for this stellar place!
5	Great little frozen yogurt spot.  The salted caramel is fantastic!  I like it with mochi,  Lovely flavors, yummy toppings and great atmosphere.  And hello, it's froyo...What's not to like?
4	i've been off work for just over two weeks now and i've made it a goal to have froyo every day since then (wearing pajamas when possible). So I write this review with, what i feel to be, a certain level of expertise in the field of froyo places in the valley.what i like about this place is that its got a lot of space and comfy couches and frankly, it looks cool. also, free wifi doesnt hurt. also, i'm pretty sure they make their froyo from scratch, and there is a note on the board behind the register saying they're always open to new flavor suggestions (c'mon, pecan pie!)what i didn't like was i felt like there was a pretty limited selection of froyo flavors, and frankly, some of them are bad. nutella is always, ALWAYS a bad froyo flavor. i've never met anyone who likes it, and anyone who does like it is just wrong. it's that simple.i'd totally go back, but i still think zoyo on 7th ave is my favorite.
4	Twirl is a good place to get self-serve froyo and toppings. The caramel and nutella froyo are very good! They have a good topping selection and the clerk even offered to get me fresh toppings from the back when I told her I was gluten-intolerant to ensure that they hadn't had any other gluten-containing toppings dropped in the bins. I like that they have whipped cream available too. The only significant quibble I had was that the large table was a little too big for people who were trying to converse while sitting across from each other.
5	Great value, great environment and great flavor!
5	I came here for dessert after dinner at Hula's Modern Tiki (right across the parking lot) with my closest friends a couple of weeks ago.  It was super cozy and the guy they had working the register was friendly and very cool.  He even offered to snap a group photo of us in between helping his other customers.  We all got a serving of frozen yogurt and my best friend in the whole world said that mine looked like a toddler made it because I covered it in gummy bears, Cap'n Crunch cereal, candied sunflower seeds, and frosted Circus Animal cookies.   On the other hand she made a 'dignified', grownup mixture of chocolate chips, coconut and chopped nuts.  It is my belief that youth is wasted on the young, so in that vein I refuse to grow up...  Besides: gummy bears!!!!!  (FYI-I said that in the voice of 'Steve' the thought-translated monkey in 'Spaghetti with a Chance of Meatballs'!)
4	Awesome place! Great variety of flavors and nice set up. Lots of open space for sitting, too. The cake batter fro yo is really good. The toppings are fresh and plentiful as well. The price is really reasonable. I will definitely be back!
5	This is the best froyo place in Phoenix. The vibe in the store is great - i want to hang out there all day - and the frozen yogurt flavors I've tried are better than any I've tried anywhere else. We make it a point to stop in here once a week.
4	FIrst of all, Twirl, is such a cute name for a frozen yogurt shop. They have a great variety of flavors and toppings. But what caught my eye was the recipe up on the chalkboard for a frozen yogurt sundae you can make with the week's available flavors and toppings! It's in a great location, right next door to Hula's and across the street from The Torch Improv Theatre. Plus, they stay open until 11 pm, which I think is excellent.
4	It's "Froyo" self serve with fresh ingredients and toppings all served in a place with very quirky, strange Reto decor and a 1950's Mini TV. -Life is good! Nuff said.
3	The froyo is good! A few different flavors to pick from, some yummy toppings to mix in. The customer service was weird, no greetings, all I heard that will be $3.90" lol  but my froyo was pretty good, so 3 stars is my rating.
5	We stopped in here with some friends after having dinner at Hula's Friday night. They have a great selection of froyo, lots of toppings to go on top of my CAKE BATTER and they're not one of those snooty places that gets the sample for you. I really hate that, I'm old enough to get a sample of froyo without making a mess everywhere!The guy working was friendly, the place was clean and there was ample seating. Plus, I really dig the little TV in the corner.
5	Such a cool frozen yogurt place! Love the decoration, love the fact that it's SELF SERVE! They have an abundance of toppings, and to top it all off they have great customer service! If you're ever in the neighborhood I suggest to try it out, and it's in short distance of the light rail!
4	Want your froyo with retro hipster flare? This is the froyo for people who think froyo was better before it got popular, and who are now eating their froyo ironically. You may feel out of place if you don't have a Smith Brothers-style beard and some plaid.It's perfectly nice froyo. I come here to get variants on caramel or cheesecake flavors, as it always has at least one (and not a huge range of flavors otherwise), with caramel sauce and candied pecans. It's the only froyo place where I voluntarily eat inside, as it has hipster ambient music.
5	If you love soft serve this is the spot! I have been here many times. They have great flavors and are hardly ever out of anything. Customer service is usually on point. Always very clean and inviting as well. Pros: - Awesome tasting- Cool inside seating areasCons: - Not much selection
5	My favorite froyo place in Phoenix! Cute name, kind of a hipster-y vibe, and awesome toppings. Love Twirl, and great froyo for the price!
1	The setting: Saturday night, post-hearty meal from Hana, and ready to catch a show across the street. Feeling awesome, alive, and invincible (cue Taylor's 22)...let's go treat ourselves to dessert!I take my spoon and scoop up the frozen yogurt. My face flinches...something was rotten in the state of Denmark. It tasted really tart. Sour. Like crinkle your nose sour. Not the regular tart that froyo has (and I've had many many yogurts in my day living in Los Angeles, Westwood, and Chicago), but the 'this has gone bad after too many days of non-refrigeration' tart. Like sour milk, tart. I had my friends taste it, and they agreed that it was NOT a normal tartness. Had to throw the treat away, such a shame...But everything will be alright, if we just keep dancing like we're...22
5	Yogurttttttttttt, I loveeeeeeee. All flavors, all kind of sweets, whatever you want they have :)) cute little spot. Been here multiple times, good service, clean and such good spot for date night or just a place to grab, sit with good company :)
4	The first time I went here I thought it was delicious. Second time not as much - there seemed to be a lot of cheesecake and cake batter flavors that I am usually a fan of but I found myself craving something simple and classic as well. The staff is always friendly, it is decently priced, and open late.
5	Always have the best flavors! Fresh fruit and candy toppings! Cute area right uptown. Has a great vibe and always a great place to hang with friends!
5	I have died and gone to froyo heaven! Twirl is AMAZING and my new yogurt spot.I've only been twice so far, and have the coconut and the peanut butter yogurts. Both were very good and tasted exactly like they should without being too sweet or tart. There is a wide selection of toppings, including fruit, candies, and sauces...there is even hot fudge and hot caramel (my favorite!!!!). The shop is super clean, customer service is excellent, and parking is usually pretty easy.
4	Delicious! Fresh toppings. Great yogurt flavors. You can try any of them too. I had the cake batter with a brownie bite, strawberries, blackberries ( so good) and small cheesecake bites ( I should have gone with a dollop of the cheesecake yogurt instead). Overall really good. The guy was a little aggressive on his sales according to my friend. The treats really speak for themselves after trying them. I felt the prices were fair for what I got. It's by weight not size.
5	Unique experience. Self service. Wish they had more variety though. Butter Pecan my favorite if all is missing. They have toppings bar for fruits and candy. I like the settings, feels like you are sitting at your living room. It's also quick and easy! I would rate this place 4.5/5, because of lack of icecream variety. I enjoyed fruit toppings. I will come back for sure, even if I had to drive quite far
3	Twirl is nothing but a Mojo or Yogurtland for hipsters. Aesthetically, it's a nice looking place. Their decor is cool and they have a chalkboard menu but their yogurt does not really set them apart from all other frozen yogurt places. All their yogurt flavors are either chocolate or vanilla based but they didn't have red velvet. There were no fruity yogurt selections, no mochi or cheesecake bites, and only three options of fresh fruit. Nothing terrible but nothing spectacular. Like this rating, Twirl is just A-OK.
5	When it's 110 degrees in Phoenix, Twirl is one of my favorite places to take shelter. Yummy treats, nice staff, cool setting! Definitely a must-visit place!
4	What a great addition to the uptown community! Twirl is a frozen yogurt restaurant in uptown Phoenix that really knows how to deliver a great froyo experience. They have a rotating "tap" on what flavors of froyo they offer and a wide variety of fresh fruits and candies to sprinkle on the top of your delicious treat. Twirl, like most other froyo restaurants, is a self-service restaurant that charges by the ounce. I love their products and the atmosphere of the restaurant. It is very comforting and welcoming. A great place to go kill an hour on a weeknight!
5	So awesome! Located right on Central in a cool little building in a cute shopping center. We were totally satisfied with flavors, so many great options. Very friendly service!Also the biggest & best variety of toppings I've seen at a yogurt place before. They had cheesecake bites so I'll be back soon ;)
4	Good fro-yo but even better service and neighborhood like atmosphere. Will be returning to Twirl in the future.
3	I love fro-yo, I could eat it every week. I decided to try out Twirl after eating at Clever Koi down the street for some dessert. The parking was a little difficult but managed to snag a spot in the alley behind Hula's. They had 6 flavors (not as much as the other fro-yo spots around town) but a decent selection of toppings. I did half peanut butter and half cookies and cream. The cookies and cream was delicious. The peanut butter on the other hand was sour. Not sure if it had gone bad or it was supposed to be that way. My boyfriend got the salted caramel which cam out of the same machine as the peanut butter and said it was sour too. Love the decor and the guy behind the counter was super nice. However, I'll stick to my favorite fro-yo spots around town from now on.
5	Loved it! Lo- cal and yummy! Hopefully it is "sugar free" and "fat free!" We don't want a Seinfeld situation over here. Cause please believe, this just seems to be too good to be true!!! But I'm in..: )
