5	Brios is a delectable Italian restaurant that recently opened at Santan Village. Located inside a structure made to resemble a Tuscan country villa from both the inside and outside, Brio's offers a variety of fine Italian cusine.   I came to Brio's for the Happy Hour and was very impressed with the appetizers. Each was only $2.99, making this one of the better if not the best happy hours I have been to. I tried the mini burgers, the steak bruchetta and the margerita flatbread . All three items were delicious and I can't wait to come back here for more.
4	Okay, it's a chain. Finding a restaurant that's not a chain in Phoenix is a challenge, to say the least....for the most part it comes down to finding one that's part of a smaller chain (rather than, for example, an Olive Garden or Red Lobster), and that's what Brio is. That said, the food is quite good. We got invited to a free lunch here just before they officially opened, and it was good enough that we returned as paying customers. The dishes are reasonably authentic compared to what you'd get in Tuscany region, and the service is superlative. Great appetizers, great desserts....in short, one of the few places in the area that's not a carbon copy of everything else. Pricey but not unreasonable, and certainly worth it.
5	Oh sweet, sweet Brio.  I absolutely love this place.  I wouldn't change a thing about it.  Yes, it's a chain, but I definitely give props to a restaurant chain that makes food as delicious as Brio.  There are no negatives or neutrals about this place.+ Wonderful service.  Our waitress was so nice.  She helped me make a decision on my meal and she was very knowledgeable of the menu.  Also, the other employees were happy and spunky.+ You can add or modify your meal as needed.  A lot of big restaurants (especially more expensive ones) don't allow you do personalize your meal.+ FOOD.  Oh my goodness.  If you want a meal that is flavorful, cooked right, and unique, you have to try this place.  I ordered the Mushroom Ravioli and it was the best meal I've ever had.  I could taste the different cheeses, the pasta was cooked perfectly, and it melted in my mouth.  My mom ordered a chicken dish and it came with two large chicken breasts and vegetables (she substituted rice for veggies).  Of course, I'm vegetarian and can't eat meat, but the veggies were ridiculous!! They were so delicious.+ Prices and portions.  Yes, the prices are a tad high, but the portions make it worth it.  I had ten large raviolis stuffed well with mushrooms.  It could easily be split into two meals.+ Creme brulee.  They have about eight different kinds of creme brulee to choose from.  I ordered the chocolate cake, the original and caramel.  Fantabulous.  Spectacular.  Even if you don't eat a meal here, you MUST try their desserts!!  It will be the best thing you ever do for yourself.
4	Wow - I was pleasantly surprised by Brio. When my friend suggested meeting up at SanTan Village, I wasn't too hopeful I'd find a decent place for us to eat. But we both really enjoyed our meals. There was a 45 minute wait for a table, but we quickly snagged a table in the bar area, which wasn't too loud or busy. I had a really delicious malbec and we both had soup as appetizers - lobster bisque and cream of mushroom. They were both delicious, and after eating the soup and the warm bread and flaxseed crisps they give out free, I knew we were probably in for a good meal. When our entrees came, we weren't disappointed. My friend had a scallop and shrimp eggplant spicy risotto (ok, that's not what it was called, but that's what it was) which was great and I had a ricotta-filled ravioli with vodka sauce - it's supposed to come with prosciutto, but they were nice about subbing mushrooms for me instead, since I'm a vegetarian. We didn't have any room for dessert, unfortunately. All in all, this was a really pretty, tasty, and friendly place for dinner. I'd like to return!
5	I've had my eye on this place before it even opened and finally got the chance to check it out! Inside is just BEAUTIFUL (see pics) An upscale but casual feel.They also have a spacious patio area.All the staff that I came in contact with were very friendly and informative. I ordered an Ice Tea........it was good. They served me hot crusty bread with these Fabulous Rosemary Cheese Crisps.......I asked for more they were so good!! ;-) (see pics) The waitress told me I could modify any item on the menu if I needed to or special order anything I didn't see.... ..that is a HUGE plus when a place is willing to go above and beyond to accommodate you and also means they obviously are preparing these items fresh if they can change any item. I definitely appreciate that. I decided on ordering the Roasted Chicken and Butternut squash risotto, Lunch portion comes with salad. (see pics) OMG.....SO Delicious and piping HOT, it had such amazing flavor depth, topped with crisp prosciutto and fresh basil chiffonade. I was in heaven, I'm gonna dream about that dish for sure! Now for dessert, they offer about ten different things in a mini teacup size...........WOW! That is so cool, you can try more than one thing without being a total pig or spending a fortune! LOVE IT!! I decided on one of the many creme brulee' flavors, I got the brown sugar (see pics) Perfect size Perfect Flavor, truly!I noticed on their website that they serve a Brunch menu on the weekends until 3pm. I'd like to try that as well.http://www.brioitalian.com/I honestly can't wait to go back!!
5	AMAZING!! My husband and I were doing some holiday shopping at the San Tan Village and decided to try out Brio for dinner. We were greeted by a very friendly hostess and were told that it would be a short wait. We were seated within 10 minutes and were given a very comfy booth. The wine list was small but had some great options. Our server was very friendly, knowledgable and answered all of our questions on the menu. I had the salmon and my husband had the pork chops. My salmon was cooked perfectly and was served on top of a breaded tomato. It was to die for! For dessert we had a mini tiramisu and a mini cheesecake. Both were very tasty and the perfect size to finish off the meal. The service was excellent. They don't rush you or forget about you. My only complaint is that it is too far away! We will definatly make the drive again just to vist them.
4	Only way to make it better is if they put a band in the corner. Gotta try the bruschetta. we did the sampler and all were great. I would have rated the steak as the best though. just so much taste on that little piece of bread!the rumors are true, they will make substitution to portions of the mail, though our waitress failed at the game... the game is one of surprise. It's one of my more favorite games in rating a resaurant to see how well the cook responds with the surprise. Not so good this time. But I'll give them another chance next time.
5	WooHoo! As good as it gets!  That's an understatement!This place is a triple threat.  The decor is warm and relaxing, the service was great, and the food was spectacular!We enjoyed the bruschetta for our appetizer.  The various flavors were great and the balsamic vinegar glaze couldn't be more flavorful.  For dinner, I had the gorgonzola crusted lamb cutlets.  AMAZING!!You cant have that good of a meal and not indulge in a little dessert.  The creme brule  and terramassu were awesome.  It takes a lot to wow me but this place came through!
4	Had to pick up some walking shoes for our upcoming trip, so we decided after seeing this urban style mall several months ago to check it out, that way we wouldn't have to drive to N Scottsdale for the Ecco store.  After our 1.5 hr drive into the valley we were starving and as we approached the San Tan mall we thought maybe there might be a non-chain we could get a bite at.  Well this is totally a chain mall with not one independent anything.  So it was between the Mexican or Italian chain.  We opted for Brio, thinking we could get a panini or such for lunch.  It was an early weekday and they were slow.  Opted to sit on the patio, which was on the N side, so it was a little shady.  Why don't these places plan better when in development and put the patio on the E and S sides of the building.  Okay my designer fundamentals are showing.  We quickly perused the menu and say they had a lunch special of several items, opted for the pizza and a chicken/portobello pasta, both $7.95.  I thought at that price I won't mind that it isn't great.  The server brought out some bread and Italian herbed crispy flat bread that I really liked.  A short while later the manager came over and told me they had made my pizza incorrectly and they were remaking it and it would take a bit longer.  I was pleased of the fact that they notified me and I wasn't just left wondering what is taking so long.  The food arrived and I must say I was impressed.  The crust on the pizza was slightly sweet, baked perfectly and the toppings added nice flavor to the crust without overwhelming it.  The pasta dish featured their homemade marinara, which was chunky with fresh roma tomatoes and lots of oregano.  Paired nicely with the grilled chicken breast/portobello smothered in melted provolone.  Surprisingly a great priced lunch in a chain within a chain mall.  A first for me!
2	My fiance, my daughter and I went here on Easter Sunday to try something new. I heard a lot of good things about This place so we decided to give it a try. To start I had the Bistecca insalata a nice wedge of lettuce with Gorgonzola, bacon, and a great Parmesan dressing, my fiance had the chopped salad which was okay. My daughter had the kids pepperoni pizza which turned out to be the hit of the night,  its a rather large portion for kids and it tastes fantastic, compared to the two pasta dishes we had. Both were Penne noodles which were bland as well as the chicken in the pasta carbonara, there was a complete lack of flavor and the sauce seamed to be breaking up. My fiances Pasta Diavolo was nothing to write home about either, the "spicy tomato sauce" was not spicy or flavorful, and again the chicken was bland. If i ever do go back to brio i will try some of their grilled meats, if i can afford it the whole menu is way overpriced. I do here they have a great lunch menu though. Overall Booh-tay!
4	just ate lunch there. super good and highly recommended. the food was delicious, the service was wonderful and the environment was very appropriate. the filet is delicious. as well as the shrimp on eggplant, and I HATE shrimp. the desserts were good too. try to get in chris' section, he was probably one of the best servers I've ever had.
3	I had wanted to try the happy hour here but just missed it (ends at 6) and decided to stay and try out dinner. They have a nice big patio along a not too busy street. This is a nice place to come on a date in this area. I asked if they made any of their pastas in house and the only one that I was told was made fresh was the fettuccine so I substituted it in the garganelli carbonara dish. It was yummy. A good balance of pasta, sauce, chicken and spinach. I usually never have enough chicken for the pasta, but I actually had chicken and not pasta left. My boyfriend had the lasagna. I took one bite and thought it was really good. He said it had some hard chunks of tomato that he wasn't too fond of. We asked for more bread, which never came because it was frozen or something. We were told it was delayed, but it never came. We had the vanilla bean creme brulee and caramel creme brulee. It was served in these small tea cups which were the perfect size for an after dinner treat. The caramel was my favorite and they were only $2.45 each. I didn't try the bruschetta, but it looked delicious and I will definitely come back to try it. Please bring your patience. It took over an hour and a half to have dinner here and all we had were our pasta dishes and dessert (no appetizer or salads).
5	Excellent service and food.
3	Came here for HH on Friday and had a pretty good time. No drink specials for HH, but they have a pretty decent appetizer menu with about 6 different things for $2.95. We ordered 3 appetizers, a glass of wine and a beer and paid only $20 before the tip. We had the spicy shrimp and eggplant (my favorite), the sliced steak bruschetta, and the sausage pepperoni and ricotta flat bread (minus the sausage). The flat bread was really thin more like a small thin crust pizza. These three appetizers alone would have cost us $35 at dinner. The service this time was great. We got our food in no time. The bartenders are super friendly and were always checking up on us and joking around. We'll definitely be back for happy hour.
4	You cannot beat the happy hour at Brio....the appetizers are seriously yummy, and $2.95 each works for me!  I met a friend this evening, we sat at the bar and had a fabulous time.  We ordered the Spicy Shrimp/Egglant (YUM!), Margharita Flatbread (light and good) and the Meatballs w/ Polenta (great but slightly salty) with two iced teas and a gin/tonic our bill was $21.00!  It was packed, as usual, great vibe, nice atmosphere, I really enjoy this place!  I have never had a bad experience here...for a chain restaurant, this place really is spot on with a nice, upscale feel.
4	9/18Checked out their happy hour- select apps $2.95 each!  However, no specials on the alcoholic beverages, with a quick glance at the wines-by-the-glass revealing prices of about $9 and up.  Thank goodness Total Wine and More was holding its grand opening (w/ a penny wine-tasting!) that day... Violeta and I decided to try a few apps here and then head straight to Total Wine for the liquid component :)I should make a correction to the last statement above- it was I that tried a few apps- the Sliced steak brushetta and the Brio brushetta quattro," while Violeta H. tried the Margherita flatbread.  My apps were both outstanding!  I could probably be satisfied w/ two orders of the steak brushetta (loved that Tuscan Italian dressing!), while an order of the brushetta quattro would suffice (it's their burger, quartered, and a side of homemade potato chips).  While I had my hands full w/ the two apps AND their great sourdough table bread (there were also some great-looking seeded crackers/flatbread, too, but I couldn't try it due to food allergies), Violeta confided that she loved her Margherita flatbread.  Brio Tuscan Grille's happy hour, despite the lack of discounted beverages, provides impressive hors d'oeuvres at exceptional value.  I'll definitely visit again =)
5	Some places I wish I could give more then 5 stars because they really deserve it - this is one of them.  The service was OUTSTANDING and the food was even better.  For Starters:I had the shrimp and eggplant (forgot the exact name) appetizer, and my wife had a salad, but this was not just any ordinary salad, the presentation was amazing and it tasted even better.  The bread they give you free along with some kind of tortilla with spices on it - AMAZING.  Can's say it enough, this place is amazing and it is now going to be a REGULAR spot for my wife and I.For The Main Course:I had the 14 oz. strip with potatoes and veggies.  My steak had such flavor and was in the top 3 of steaks that I have ever eaten.  My wife had some kind of chicken dish that I snuck a few bites off of, and it was very tasty as well.  They served her two huge pieces of chicken, and she could only make her way through 1/2 of one (which was fine for me - because I went above and beyond my call of duty as a man, and helped her out by finishing it.Dessert:I wish, we were to stuffed to even move.  Final Notes:We stayed and talked for about an hour after our meal was done and they kept our drinks filled and made sure we were ok.  They were not put off by us staying either.  This is a great place and if you have not gone yet - GO!  It is a bit on the pricey side, but WELL WORTH every cent spent!Enjoy!
5	I know two reviews for the same restaurant. Hey it was different locations so they each get their own review.  :) Unlike the Scottsdale location in which I was there for happy hour, for this location, I was here for lunch and let me tell you they did not disappoint. The decor was really nice on the inside, however since it was such a nice day outside, we decided to have lunch outside. Our waiter was a sweetheart who could not have been a day over 16 tops.  I think we made the poor kid blush on more than one occasion. So onto the food. Me and my friend Tanya ordered the same thing, Crab & Shrimp Cakes. OMG they were so, so good. The came out nice and hot and were filled with lots of shrimp and crab. Unlike some places you just get alot of filler. Here, they definitely did not skimp on the amount of shrimp and crab they put into these cakes. I swear if we could have licked our plates we probably could have.You would think that that the yummy lunch would be enough. Oh no, we just had to have some dessert as well before we started on our shopping excurision. (Note to self, don't eat so much before going shopping or nothing you try on will fit quite right). Ok so back to the dessert, although I am not sure it is still on the menu as we visited during the summer, the dessert I chose was the key lime pie mini dessert. Now can we say that was just a huge tease! lol. Seriously it was very good and it took everything in us not to order another one each. All in all, I had a great time while visiting Brio and I look forward to going to visit again soon.
5	I had noticed  this place and had been meaning for awhile to try it but forgot about it until a week ago when I was at the San Tan mall shopping. I told my hubby we would try soon to go there and it happened to be today. OMG I can't believe I did not try this place sooner! Food was absolutely fabulous! It is even close to us YEAH!We loved the decor and the staff were very nice and accomodating. We had the spicy shrimp and eggplant app to start. Heaven on a plate! In fact, our server told us in the future we could ask to have this served with pasta and asparagus as a main dish in the future. (I guess this is popular among staff) The sauce is wonderful. I so wish I could get the recipe. Eggplant was cooked crispy to pefection.Topped with a single perfectly cooked shrimp. The sauce is so Yummy! Creamy, hint of wine.Has a bit of spice to it. Loved the bit of heat that lingers in the back or your throat.We lapped up every last drop of the sauce with extra bread she brought us. Today we brought our two kids. I had a hard time deciding what to order so it was good we were all together to sample each others dishes. I had the mediterranean pasta.Wonderful. Plenty of garlic. Feta cheese, mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes spinach, pinenuts and plenty of basil. Nice and light. Daughter had the pasta with vodka sauce,Her pasta was perfect. Shaped like a little sache. Perfect texture with the wonderful Vodka sauce. Son had braised beef fettucini.The beef portions were like butter. If I had no teeth I still would have been okay. Lastly hubby had the mushroom ravioli. Creamy and rich, but not overly rich. Nice sprinkling of panko on top. I loved that the ravioli was not overloaded with cheese. I like tasting the mushroom.All were excellent. It would be really hard to decide which I liked best. Every dish was diffferent and full of favor.Prob would be difficult going there in the future without the 4 of us  if I had to decide on one dish. I am  almost embarrased to say we all cleaned our plates. However,don't be scared for my waist line, this was our only meal for the day. We ate our days worth :) Dont worry kids did eat light dinner) We decided we could not leave without trying dessert. We ordered the creme brulee trio and a single serv of cheesecake. The small servings are perfect. Creme brulee was light and lovely. Dinner with tip for 4 was$104.Not something we could do every week however when I go out I want it to be worth my money.Would definitely be a great place to take a date or to impress family or business clients.  We will definitely go back. My birthday is in a few weeks ;)
4	Hard to find real Italian food in Arizona.  Let's face it everyone can claim it, but hard to match NY style Italian.  Brio, being a chain itself, rises above the other chains and offers some higher quality Italian cooking.My wife always gets the whole roasted chicken which *is* really good.  It's some of the best restaurant chicken I've had.I'm partial to trying something different each time I come here, sticking with some pasta dish (heck I can get a steak somehwere else).  The ala Vodka dishes are great and anything with prosciutto is tasty.This is a great place for small-ish date night group of friends.  Service is always good for us, selection is consistent with specials when you want them and the quality of the food has been excellent for me each time.Tip: check out the happy hour times to save some cash :-)
3	The placeBeautiful interior, can't complain about that.  I'm sure the other reviewers probably do more justice to the description.The foodThe food was tasty, but not outstanding.  The first thing I tried to order was some kind of sandwich with turkey - which I was told was no longer on the menu, hmm.  If it's not on the menu, then why is it on the menu?The bottom lineA bit pricy but the quality was above average so not too bad.  Dinged one star for out of date menu.
4	Food and service are excellent!  My wife called me gay for my drink selections, but the flirtini is awesome too. The only downfall is that we were told we would have a 25 minute wait, but ended up waiting over an hour.
5	Wow. I had the Lasagna this time, and let me just say one thing about it: Amazing. What's funny is the kids spagetti was good too lol - I think next time I will get it ... It was good AND big enough of a serving after eating all the bread and stuff.  I love Brio and can't wait to keep going back and trying more on the menu.
3	Went to Brio in Santan Village with my Mom for lunch yesterday. She ordered the Greens Salad, no surprise there, while I had the Romero Chicken Sandwich. My food was tasty and came with homemade potato chips as a side, but overall nothing blew my mind. The staff was nice and efficient. I will probably continue to dine there, but it doesn't stand out as being one of my favorites at Santan. I'll check back in if I have a change of heart.
3	Basically Brio is basically a slightly upscale Olive Garden. It is slightly upgraded in every way. The decor is more handsome and there are some expensive materials used to help justify the pricing. The unlimited bread sticks have been upgraded to seeded flatbread (which I actually find quite addictive). The pasta is presented with slightly more flair and maybe even a bit more flavor. None of it is better than you could make at home buying ingredients from Fresh & Easy. The prices are high for the portions and particularly the quality that you are served. It is all passable and passionless.It is rather popular, as there is not much that passes for fine dining in Gilbert. The food is by no means terrible and the servers are friendly, if forgetful. However, it does not compare well with an authentic passionate italian restaurant,
4	We decided to dine on the patio because it was warmer then inside, the snowbirds have to be accommodated, they like it cooler.We were seated approximately 25 minutes after we arrived and it was worth the wait. The basket of warm ciabiatta bread and flatbread was consumed without caring about our low carb diets. Norma had the lobster bisque and I had to fight for a taste, she ate as if she had a date with the electric chair. I started my dinner with the Bistecca Insalata (wedge lettuce) with gorgonzola,bacon,roma tomatoes and creamy parmesan dressing, the wedge must have been cut from a basket ball size head of lettuce !! I could have shared it with Norma ,could have, did not. I ordered the braised beef fettuccine with cremini mushroom, it was fantastic and the bottle of Malbec (red wine) agreed for pairing her up with a great dish.Norma had the wood grilled salmon and she repeatly told me it was the best she ever had, was it her Cosmos talking, I was able to sneak a forkfull and Wow ! I bet that salmon was leisurely swimming just hours ago.We passed on desert, I always do and we both had plenty of food to enjoy at a later date.Our server Tonya was pleasant and very friendly, I wished she could have sat down and had dinner with us.
4	I joined my mom, sister and grandma here for a ladies lunch. The inside is beautiful and the patio looked cute. One thing I really like about Brio is they do brunch Saturday and Sunday all the way till 3:00. (Some of us are not earlier risers on the weekend and like to do our brunching later in the  day.)Although, on this trip I was feeling more lunch so I had one of their lunch platters which came with lasagna and your choice of salad. I had the chopped salad which was very fresh and yummy. The lasagna may not be authentic but you could tell it was made with real ingredients, not thawed and cooked like at the OG. The other ladies at the table tried the risotto which received several mmms and ahhhs. They have two different kinds of risotto scallop and shrimp or the chicken with sweet potato. I tried both and they were fantastic. My grandma had a gin martini and she is VERY particular about her cocktails and she said it was made perfectly to her specifications. I would come back here for brunch or lunch but I do think the dinner prices were really high. Go in the daytime because you get dinner sized portions but at reduced lunch prices.
5	Blame it on our beautiful weather...we opted to sit outside on their patio.  It was such a lovely day..topped off with a perfect meal.  I chose the Shrimp/Crabcakes and they were delicious.  The service earned an A+.We are looking forward to their weekend brunch in the near future.
3	My wife and I received a gift card to Brio and since we had heard great things from a few people we decided to stop in for a quick dinner. We only had an hour due to a conference call that was scheduled for 6:30pm. When we arrived we told the waitress that we were short on time and ready to order right away. She seemed annoyed at us and said something like "well I'm taking drink orders now." I replied that she could get our drink and food order at the same time. She seemed miffed!We ordered the bruschetta sampler to start, thinking it would come out quickly. It did! The bruschetta was for the most part pretty good and a good value. It wasn't as authentic as I would have hoped - the chef's seem to decide what they think bruschetta is themselves. We might be a bit biased because my wife and I had sampled bruschetta all over Italy during our honeymoon in October. Bruschetta = B+I don't even remember what we ordered for a main meal, which we decided to split (another goofy look from the waitress)... What we got was plain pasta and a brick of over cooked chicken-something. The good news was it came out fast. The bad news was it wasn't worth eating. I was too hungry and in too much of a hurry to send it back so we choked it down, refused dessert, got our check and left. I hope to try Brio again some day. All of my friends said our experience wasn't typical so maybe we just caught a bad waitress on a bad day, and a bad cook on a bad day. It could happen, right? Oh and one more thing. I'm only 155lbs and the chairs on the patio squeezed the crap out of my rear end. Those are the most uncomfortable chairs I have ever sat in. Unless you are 110lbs you should sit inside. Come to think of it - maybe they did that for a reason to keep the skinny people on the patio and the "regular" people hidden inside. :)
5	Dinner is always good but I love Brio for lunch...they have a Short Rib Sandwich that I CRAVE!  You always feel like life is good when you sit down at Brio. The service is good and the food is amazing. Enjoy!
4	Nom nom nom.  Sums it up!
3	Firstly, if you go during their version of happy hour, the bar menu offerings (which is a slimmed down version of their regular menu in both options and portion size) is very good and makes for an affordable dinner. Honestly, Brio is just fine. For an neighborhood Italian restaurant, it's pretty good. I like their pasta offerings but they do have some nice non-pasta selections and their crispy potatoes that they serve with some of their entrees are really good. I like their chopped salad and am pretty much addicted to it. It's huge even if you just get the side added to your main dish so splitting it is a good option. I like the pasta Mediterranean and I usually add chicken. It's always enough to make a lunch the next day. The thing I love is that their specials are usually good and they do have seasonal menu items (like a primavera pasta in the spring with asparagus) which are usually pretty inspiring. We eat here pretty regularly and on the rare occasion something has been wrong, they have fixed it promptly with no fuss. It's a nice place for a casual dinner that is good and not too expensive.
5	I've been to Brio a few times now.  The first time, I loved it, it was so wonderful and fulfilling.  I enjoyed every morsel I tasted.  The service was impeccable and the portions were well worth all that was spent on them. I then took a couple of friends their for Mother's Day and a thank you, they were quite impressed as well.  The food was melting in our mouths, no complaints came from us. They were very accommodating!  I love it would recommend it for a casual afternoon on the patio, or even a romantic evening with that special someone!  A definite MUST if you're in the area!  The aroma's coming from the kitchen definitely get your mouth watering for the delectable menu!  Bon Appetite!
5	Well, yesterday we celebrated National Lasagna Day, or so they say!It did get us lasagna at half price (1/2 of $17) so we decided to try Brio, and are we glad we did.  The locale is not only spacious, but very elegantly decorated and had a very upscale feeling to it, white table cloths and rich woods, etc.  Certainly a special occasion look. But I am not really interested in the environment as much as in the quality and taste of the food, and we definitely had both!  The lasagna was a work of art, as impressive in its presentation as in its size.  The taste was even bigger than the very large platter holding an oval shaped casserole dish 2-21/2 inches deep and at least 14 inches long by 9 inches wide.  The lasagna consisted of 3 layers of home made pasta and wonderful white sauce, cheeses and bits of ground meat.  A delicate red  sauce covered the middle third of it giving the appearance of a white-red-white flag.   It melted in your mouth and you could taste all the flavors individually as well as the combined symphony in your mouth!  My wife commented that it was the best lasagna she had ever eaten and I have to agree with her.  Even the bread was attractive and delicious.  A "ball" of warm crusty sourdough backed by 3 triangles of multi seeded flatbread, thin and crunchy.  A rasberry flavored iced tea perfectly accompanied my meal.  They kept our teas full, the wait staff very attentive and not intrusive.Although we were litterally stuffed we had to try a dessert.  A sample tray was brought to the table and it's appearance didn't give us a chance to reject it!!!  What an intelligent group of desserts, small enough to not overfill you and because of their size, cheap enough to be ordered on a budget.  We shared a caramel creme brule with a fresh berry atop ($3.45).  It was made in a small expresso cup as were most of the other 7 or 8 choices, TNT (tiny n tasty).We can't wait to return and work or should I say frolic through the well endoed menu.
5	I love this place. Good wine in generous glasses, always a friendly staff and the shrimp appetizer is incredible. The bread is great, too great you always want more but they say it's still baking it'll take another 15 minutes...
4	Went here for Mothers Day with the family.  Up-scale italian food.  Service and food were good.  I would go back there again.  Check it out some time.
3	Yummy! Brio's bruschetta was soo good. I got the Bruschetta Quarto which featured four of their delicious bruschettas. I also tried their lobster bisque and the caesar salad. The salad was boring and lobster bisque came in a neat bowl, but had a weak flavor. For dessert I had the caramel creme brulee - very tasty! Brio is a loud restaurant - not a good place for conversation, but even with all the bustle and noise we still ended up having a great time.
4	Delicious! I visited Brio a few weeks ago on a Thursday night for dinner! The staff was extremely courteous and friendly and the food was great! We ordered the crab cakes to start; they were the best crab cakes I've ever had! The Pasta Fra Diavolo with shrimp was very good as well! The interior is bright and airy and our booth was private and spacious! I would definitely go back!
3	My family and I went to Brio for a nice Sunday lunch. The food is always good and I love the atmosphere. They gave my daughter some dough to make her own pizza. when she was done they brought back a mini pizza with olives as eyes and pepperoni as a mouth! She loved it! The only downer to a nice lunch was that the restaurant seemed to be COVERED in dust! Even the cloth napkins had dust/lint on them. Not very appetizing to say the least. Brio, please do some dusting and we will be back again!
3	Walking in, the restaurant has a Tuscan feel.  It had a sophisticated appeal.  There wasn't anything in the decor that set it apart from other Italian restaurants.The main thing I got out of my lasagna dish was "cheesy."  2 types of cheeses and the alfredo sauce made it pretty heavy.  What I did like about it was that it came in very hot.  It isn't what I would expect from a lasagna and I've had better home-cooked lasagna.I love the dessert selections.  So many to choose from and all in little bites.  After a heavy main course, having small treats ends the meal perfectly.  I had the creme brulee shot.  The dessert was very rich and creamy, what I would expect from a full sized creme brulee dish.  I wouldn't say it was the best creme brulee I ever had, but the small bite satisfied my sweet tooth without feeling guilty of eating too much.My suggestion, don't get the lasagna.  Try something different.  But enjoy the small bites of desserts.
5	Kept hearing good things about the happy hour here so we finally stopped in. And WOW, can't believe it took us so long to check it out - it's now one of my new fave places. The happy hour is INCREDIBLE! For $3 you get some amazing food, got 2 apps and it was more than enough as a meal. The 2 apps I had were the shrimp/eggplant which was so MOUTH-WATERING-DELICIOUS-I-WANT-SOME-RIGHT-NOW good, and also the margherita flatbread (also tasty). Hubby had the Brio burger and it was HUGE. The drinks were not on happy hour (boo) but I was happy to pay the $8 for the pomegranate martinis because they were delish! We loved the place so much we took advantage of their gift card special, buy $100 and get a $20 card free.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Great Happy Hour. Perfect for lunch and dinner.
5	We went to dinner while in town visiting family.  I had the pasta a la vodka which was full of flavor and perfect size.  My honey had lobster shrimp fettuccine and said it was fabulous.  For dessert we shared the lava cake. Oh my god, it was incredible.  I would recommend this place to everyone and will definitely be back!
4	Very enjoyable. The menu is great, with something for everyone, and the food doesn't disappoint. My wife and I will definitely be back often.
3	While shopping one afternoon around the mall on a warm day, my friend and I decided to have a light bite at the Brio Tuscan Grille. We started with the ever so delicious raspberry mojito. It was light and crisp; just not so heavy on the alcohol and just the perfect amount of sweetness. We ordered the Beef Carpaccio with extra field greens. To our surprise, thank goodness we ordered the half portion, the plate was pretty big. The mustard aioli was very good. The very next day we decided to go back for dinner, which is the reason why I gave this restaurant 3-stars. The afternoon quick bite experience wasn't as great as the dinner one. For dinner, I ordered the Shrimp & Scallop Risotto and chopped salad and my friend ordered the Pasta BRIO. Unfortunately, the chopped salad came after we were served dinner and the risotto was almost like uncooked rice. Yah, not so much! So, the manager of the restaurant brought my plate back and brought me out another order. This time the risotto was better, but not great. I wasn't that impressed. My friend enjoyed the Pasta Brio very  much. All in all, the location, the ambiance, the service were good, but the food was ok. I guess I'll order something else next time.
5	I've been to Brio several times--it's been a great go-to place for us while walking the San Tan Mall. It's always been reliably good, reasonably priced, and good service. I would always have given it 4 solid stars.BUT, last night was outstanding and they earned the 5th star. I went with 3 friends from work for happy hour, 1 of whom was grumbling about driving all the way out to the middle of nowhere (we work in Chandler, he lives in Central Phx). When we got there, the only room to stand was on the bar patio, which was wasted space. There were a couple of tables, but we could have done cartwheels in the empty areas. So, we asked if we could bring chairs out, and we borrowed a side table from another couple who had 2, and the servers bent over backwards to accommodate us. Suddenly, we had a nice, cozy corner of the patio to ourselves and we stayed for 4 hours! Don't worry, we ordered enough drinks and food to justify sitting there that long! Our server, Amy, was absolutely adorable, and she could have sat down and had drinks with us and fit right in. The little garden table was small, so Amy left us a serving tray and a stand to put our food on. Again, above and beyond.The food was outstanding. $3 for huge appetizers?? Hello! We ordered 8! It made the fact that we were spending $10 on martinis a little more palatable. No drinks specials, but really, the food was so good we really didn't mind. The burger was HUGE, and well cooked, the flatbreads were delicious, and the bruschetta--especially the steak one--were perfect.. High quality ingredients, very well prepared. This was NOT happy hour bar food. Not a chicken wing or mozzarella stick in sight.Amy told us that on Thursday nights, they take $2 off martinis in addition to the food specials, so we'll be going back then. And by the end of the night, the grumbler was totally won over--he couldn't say enough about how great it was, and he's a tough customer. He doesn't hand out praise easily.We'll be back again, that's for sure!
2	The food here is good, upper end for a chain. The steak I had was done perfectly -and the pasta vodka with ricotta filled pockets was very nice.Now the reason for the low score...The place was single large room packed with people. Not great if you want a semi-relaxing meal... and when I'm spending a decent coin I don't want to be crammed into a massive room with a few hundred people and hear everyone's conversation from all over the place.We had coupons so the price was fine but at regular price, for the same $, I'd go to several other places with better food and a better, relaxing and more quiet, atmosphere.
5	Yum...Great Service, Great Food, and they took my "special order well. My special order was this:The Tuscan Chicken Salad. YUM... but it came with mushrooms and Gorgonzola, I am not a fan of either, so i substituted Feta for Gorgonzola and omitted the mushrooms.  The portion was just right, I ate about 3/4 of it and took 1/4 of it home.  So it wasn't over done.  I have nothing bad to say about this.  this was the most fantastic salad I ever had in my life.  The wine list was fantastic.Definitely a must go!Ronney
4	This place has something for everyone. Their bruschetta is to die for. try the sampler. You'll see what I mean. The shrimp bisque (I think) is good too. I don't remember what I had here but I just remember my meal being quite pleasant.
3	I tried Brio's offerings (bruschetta and mocha panna cotta) at the Yelp Ultimate Science Fair and was so impressed that I decided to go there last night. Let me start by saying that this place was exquisite and beautiful. I loved the drapery from the ceiling and all the decor. We started by using the free appetizer card we received from the party on Calamari with a lemon aioli some kind of chunky tomato sauce. Both the aioli and sauce were delicious, however, the calamari could have better. The batter was good but I think they were overcooked cause they were a bit rubbery. We also received a bread basket. While the sourdough bread was pretty good, the rosemary herb "crackers" were a waste I felt. For a meal, I ordered the mushroom ravioli while the hubby ordered the chicken Milanese. Both of us enjoyed our meals very much. Both were large portions which made the higher prices are little more worth it. For dessert, I decided to try the bread pudding since I am huge bread pudding connoisseur. I am on the fence about this one. In some areas, the texture and flavor was good. However, in other parts of the pudding, it was dry and no flavor really. Not sure what happened but definitely not making the list for the best bread puddings. The service was impeccable. Would I go back? Yes I would try it again because I really did like the mushroom ravioli and their bruschetta (if its always like it was at the party) is to die for!
2	I have never been in a restaurant where I saw so many people sending their plates of food back and a manager apologizing to so many people.  From glasses of wine to my own steak, items were being sent back left and right.  I had to send my steak back twice.  Medium well is not that hard to accomplish.  The portions to price ratio is not worth a return visit.
5	Best food and service ever. Perfect way to celebrate any special occasion.
3	This place is good but I don't think I will be dying to go back.  Happy hour prices are great but other wise its pretty pricey for what you get.
5	You have to try happy hour in the bar...$2.95 for everything on the menu It's madness. I've successfully tried every food item on the happy hour menu, and it's all been amazing. The brio burger is great. The spicy shrimp and eggplant must be laced with crack, or some other addictive substance. I could eat it all day, every day. The bruschetta is amazing; everything is amazing. Happy hour is an amazing deal. Have I said amazing enough times yet? I've also eaten dinner here, just for a point of reference, and it was excellent as well. Service is attentive, the food is great. Try this place. You can thank me later.
5	This place is really beautiful.My date took me here on my birthday. We were seated in a huge round booth in the back facing the whole restaraunt, it's so beautful especially from that view. I love the ceiling decor.It was $5 Martini Thursdays! so of course I had a caramel chocolate martini and he had a dirty martini with blue cheese oliveshe gave me one of the olives, so good!for Appetizer we had Lobster Bisque Soup and Spicy Shrimp with Eggplant, both were delicious. I don't even like Eggplant, but this was actually good.The appetizers were filling so we shared a entree of Gorgonzola Lamb chops (not on the menu) with this great spinach salad. I definitely recommend BRIO, those lamb chops were to die for. They pre split it up for us and we both had 4 miniature lamb chops and a side of spinach. That was thoughtful.For dessert they bring over examples of all the desserts they offered. I ordered Butterscotch Pecan Bread Pudding and another caramel chocolate martini.Then they surprised me with a Raspberry Mascarpone Cheesecake with 3 lit candles on it. That was so sweet. I made a wish and blew them out.
3	Not bad but not incredibly good, especially considering the prices. Most entrees were 18-25 dollars.  I was annoyed that my pasta was undercooked but the dish, Shrimp Verdata?, was pretty good overall. The lobster bisque was excellent. And the waiter and staff were extremely friendly and helpful. When we went there, they were full and booked solid. One friend was 30 minutes late but no one pressured us to hurry. So it's not a bad place to go, but you can get the same quality for cheaper elsewhere.
5	OMG this place never fails to amaze me and tonight was no different.  Husband had beef medallions and shrimp scampi and 3 hours later is still talking about it.  I had the penne diavolo with chicken - yowza.  Unbelievable.  Everything, from the moment you sit down in this gorgeous place until you leave feeling oh so satisfied is an incredible experience.I've been there several times and every time has been amazing.  Happy hour is incredible - $2.95 for shrimp and eggplant which is usually $12 and the most incredible dish that I actually had a dream about it.Go.  You won't regret it!!!
5	I haven't changed my mind about their rating from my last visit.  It's hard to believe their generousity.  I received a free entree as a birthday gift, no strings attached.  I had no choice as it was for a particular dish (Beef Medallions with Shrimp Scampi, described on their menu as:Three 2 oz. tournedos with marinated shrimp, served over orzo with sauteed zucchini, asparagus, grape tomatoes and fresh thyme. Topped with citrus garlic sauce and pesto bread crumbs.)  That dish happens to be $21.95! and you know what, worth every penny!!  The beef was cooked perfectly, extremely tender and exploded with taste.  The vegatable side was exotic and tasted as good as the beef and shrimp and were a perfect accompaniment.  My wife ordered the lasagna again, it was better than we remembered.  Great meal, great service, great environment and a great day for me, every birthday I consider a gift from God!  We plan to return and try the happy hour at the bar next visit.
4	My boyfriend and I tried out Brio last week for date night and we were definitely impressed!  Thankfully I was in a good mood or the lack of customer service at the very beginning would have soured my whole mood - I had forgotten the printed off copy of a coupon for a free appetizer that had been emailed to me, so I asked the waiter if there was anyway they could honor it if I showed them it on my phone.  After asking his manager, he said they had to have the paper copy to staple to the receipt and submit to corporate, or some garbage like that.  In my opinion, when I have told you this is our first visit, I have showed you the coupon... you go out of your way to accommodate me and make a good impression.  I imagine there is an office of sorts that they could probably print from at the restaurant - or the manager could just elect to give it to us complimentary anyway - but no.  I do not believe for a second that there was not a way they could do that for us, but decided not to ruin date night by complaining.  Since I am complaining about management, I will throw out one more.  A manager stopped by our table, quite hurriedly, while we were both in the middle of chewing our food.  She asked how our dinner was then walked away without an answer because she didn't bother to wait until we had finished chewing, nor did she apologize for interrupting in the middle of a bite.  Did not really make me feel like she even cared how our meal was and irritated me that she interrupted our meal unnecessarily.  Mind you, this was a fairly early dinner and the restaurant was nowhere near full during our meal, steady, but not busy.  Now that I have complained here, I feel a little better and can move onto the food! :)We started off with the Spicy Shrimp with Eggplant and I was very thoroughly impressed.  I could have eaten that as my meal (as long as I had several sides of bread to soak up the extra sauce). :)  If I were rating food individually, this dish could very well get Five Stars - maybe just shy of that.The caesar salad was typical - nothing spectacular, nothing horrible.  That is about all there is to say about that.  Caesar Salar - Three StarsFor dinner we split the Tournedos di Manzo, and we were both very, very, very pleased.  Next time I will order it separately to get the steak cooked my way, instead of giving into the bf's preference.  It is just delicious.  Great flavor - love the Romano crusted tomato that it is served on and the Hollandaise pulls it together well without being over-powering.  Side veggies cooked perfectly!  Pushing Five Stars on this dish.Given that we live so closely to Brio, it will likely become a regular spot for us, especially during happy hour!  Looking forward to round 2!
4	Went here last night for the second time.  Both times I really enjoyed my time there.  It's the kind of restaurant I am really happy to sit at and enjoy my meal and conversation for a while.  It has a really nice ambiance, and pretty good food overall.  I've had lobster raviolis and steak there, and both were good.  I wouldn't say it's worth really going out of your way for, and it's kind of pricey compared to other restaurants in the area, but I'd recommend it if you want to have a nice meal.
4	I ended up coming here 2 days in a row for various reasons.The first time I came here it reminded me of a restaurant that you would see in Las Vegas. Nice decor and clean -  just made me wish I was dressed up and inebriated though.The food is pretty good -- I've had their chicken sandwich and salad. The portions are huge -- even their plates and forks are huge....why? Don't think I would come here again by choice, but I certainly wouldn't mind if I ended up here again :)
2	Went here to meet up with friends on Friday afternoon for happy hour only to find that they do not have any drink specials.  Wtf?  What good are $3 appetizers if I am paying $9 for a glass of wine?  That did not make me very "happy".  Also, the bar area was insanely crowded so good luck finding a place to sit.  I really don't get why everyone is so freakishly excited about this happy hour when in reality it is not even a happy hour, they are just running a sale on appetizers.  What a scam!Once we got a table on the patio we had a pleasant enough time in spite of the fact that our server, Amanda, was god-aweful.  I had a chopped salad that was just ok and also split the Calabrese flatbread with my sister which was quite delicious earned them an extra star, but isn't enough for me to want to go back any time soon.
2	The service was great, but the food was meh.  We had the bruchetta as an appetizer.  The flavors did not blend well at all.  They SHOULD be considering it's an italian resturant.  We ordered the shrimp lobster fettuccini to share.  Well, there was only one tiny piece of lobster. One piece of lobster does not make it a shrimp, lobster fettuccini, so of course my dinner partner was sweet enough to give me the one tiny piece.  The sauce was just okay.  Could have used more flavor.  On a plus side, the bread is pretty awesome.  Too bad it looks so pretty on the inside.  Won't be enough to bring me back unless there are no other options and it's extremely convenient.
5	Great food. Our waitress was awesome. All in all this was a very good dining experience.
5	One of my favorite places great ambiance and always good food.
4	I went to Brio for the first time last night after receiving many recommendations from my family and friends.  They were right!  This place has a very nice dining room and bar.  The food was excellent as well.  My wife and I went during happy hour, and we ordered all kinds of appetizers and martinis.  I didn't find any food that I did not like.  The spicy shrimp and eggplant appetizer was the standout dish in my opinion. We had exellent service and we look forward to going back to this restaurant to try more new dishes.
2	We stopped in after cruising around the mall area. Not too shabby, but kind of pricey for portion size. Fresh sourdough bread to begin with, along with some stale tasting crackers. Started out with the shrimp/chorizo bruschetta--which was enjoyable, but kind of messy! Combo of shrimp, chorizo, red and yellow tomatoes, and creamed leeks. All came together rather nicely. For dinner, I had a chicken parmesan hybrid, which wasn't terrible, but the sauce tasted a little bit like spaghetti-o's and there wasn't enough sauce to coat the pasta, Drinks were also on the expensive side--$13 glasses of wine?!Was ok, not great. Our server was nice and on top of refills/checking in on us.
1	Very very very disappointed with this trip to Brio.  We had eaten here several times in the past and the food was pretty good though pricy.  A couple of weeks ago we saw that they had gotten 6 violations on the dirty dinning report but since we had good luck in the past we figured that they would prob be trying very hard to work past that issue.  We went into the bar for there happy hour and the first thing we came across was when the person across from us asked us if we where supposed to get bread while we wait??? She asked the bartender and was told that they had changed the policy that now you have to ask for bread if you want it.  The bread is usually a curtesy at most restaurants how do you have to ask for a curtesy either you give us the bread or not but to have to ask for curtesy bread is insulting.  We ordered some bread and where told it would be a while because they needed to bake some more??? So we ordered some appetizers we sat and waited and waited and waited from my seat I could see the kitchen and I saw what I thought must be our food sitting under the heat lamps where it sat and sat and sat finally the manager called over the server and sure enough it was our food which was of course getting cold and our burgers that where supposed to be medium where very WELL done.  All around it was a very lackluster performance at a time when they weren't even busy.  Our budget for eating out is not as flush as it used to be and the disappointment Of this visit is just irritating and kind of ruined our afternoon.  Don't think we will come back  if we are in the area there are a lot of other restaurants and I don't want to waste my time or money.
5	My review is only for their happy hour, which happens to be AWESOME. $2.95 deals such as a hamburger, shrimp cocktail, steak and gorgonzola bruschetta, and so much more. I must come back here and try everything they offer. It all tasted great. They also have a wide variety of drinks. I ordered the white sangria, which was good. Next time I want to try the strawberry drink. They have wonderful unique options and some have fresh herbs in them. The service was also great. It doesn't get better than happy hour here. I must tell you that if you order the food, there is no special prices for the drinks. However, the drinks are around $7, making the overall deal well worth it.
4	We've been here several times.  Usually for happy hour, or "reverse" happy hour (after 9pm).  Note that happy hour on Friday does NOT include drink specials, just food (go figure).  One time we ate in the dining room.  This review will be about the happy hour and bar menu.The food here isn't really authentic Italian.  But it's good.  They're shooting for "high class" while remaining "casual".  We've sampled everything on their bar menu, and it's all good.  The "Brio burgers" are tasty, the flatbread pizzas are almost authentic and pretty good, I didn't really care for the dip but my wife liked it, and the beef on bruschetta is really good.  And you can feed four people for under $20 pretty easily if you are doing happy hour.The bar area is a little loud, and a bit small.  It can be difficult to see any of their TVs because you have to twist around and/or crane your neck to see.  The booths are about the only places where it's easy to watch, and they only have two of them.  It is not uncommon for the bar area to be full, but they will honor happy hour specials in the outdoor seating accessible from the bar area.
4	Love it here. Yummy!!!
4	Great place for lunch after walking the mall or to even make the trip solely to come here! Tuscan inspired food with well developed flavors and plenty of attention to detail in the presentation as well as the preparation. To start, the bread... oh my... the bread!  Warm bread with perfection when it comes to the outer crust vs. soft inside ratio.   I should mention that there was also a crispy flavored flat bread  but honestly, I just could not get passed the Italian bread and butter!We shared the Roasted Garlic, Spinach & Artichoke Dip Served bubbling hot with Parmesan flatbread  ($8.95).   It was good, pretty standard restaurant dip but the flat bread served with it definitely kicked it up a notch. I enjoyed the Pasta Pomodoro with Chicken Angel hair with grilled chicken, tomatoes, pine nuts and a cilantro pesto drizzle ($13.65).  It was fresh with the chicken prepared and seasoned well.  The flavors complimented each other very well and made the dish satisfying but not overwhelming.My companion had the Brio Bistecca Burger* With bacon, Provolone, lettuce, roasted tomato mayonnaise and Pinot Noir onions. Served with housemade chips. ($12.35) (sub fries for the chips)  Yes, a burger and fries at an Italian restaurant!  He seemed very impressed with it and commented several times that it had really good flavor. Service:  Very helpful, extremely pleasant and very accommodating.  I should mention, if you sign up for their email club you receive a free meal of Steak and shrimp scampi for your birthday.  Being that I don't eat red meat and don't like shrimp they allowed me to substitute my entree for that.  By the way... definitely worth signing up for the email club! :)Love this place whether for a casual lunch or would be a great date place too!
4	We have eaten here twice so far during their happy hour special. We have enjoyed every bite! We tried every appetizer on their happy hour menu and especially enjoyed their burgers and shrimp cocktail.
4	Food was fantastic. Service was professional, clean, and prompt. We arrived around 730 and seated immediately. Very yummy!
5	Happy hour at Brio is awesome.  The ambiance is amazing, and the food is extremely inexpensive, while being decent portions and absolutely scrumptious.  If you're curious, my personal favorite is the spicy shrimp and eggplant.Aside from regular happy hour attendance, I've also hosted a special event on the covered North patio.  Everything was absolutely perfect, from the decor to the personable and knowledgeable servers.It rained and was a bit cold, but the heaters more than made up for it.  Additionally, the rain made it so that or event was significantly under-attended relative to our predictions.  The management staff was extremely gracious.Whether it's for an informal happy hour or an important exclusive event, Brio is a great choice!
4	We had no prior knowledge about Brio, and decided to check it out because had a free appetizer coupon.  I'm curious if Brio is owned by or related to The Cheesecake Factory because the interior and ambiance is very similar.  We didn't have to wait very long to be seated.  We were seated outside, where there are heat lamps (cold this time of year in Arizona). We chose the bruschetta sampler for our appetizer - each and every one was delicious. Brio is a bit pricier than say, Olive Garden, the appetizer itself was $15, but relatively reasonable considering the food quality, service, and restaurant ambiance.  We both chose pasta dishes. The serving sizes are hearty, and food was good.  Have never been for happy hour, but sounds worth checking out!!Even though Brio has the cookie cutter chain restaurant feel, the service and food was good, and enjoyable will definitely go back.
5	YUMMY! everything I have tried here has been delicious. This place is always extremely busy at dinner time. Try it for lunch if you don't want to wait.
1	Very very very disappointed with this trip to Brio.  We had eaten here several times in the past and the food was pretty good though pricy.  A couple of weeks ago we saw that they had gotten 6 violations on the dirty dinning report but since we had good luck in the past we figured that they would prob be trying very hard to work past that issue.  We went into the bar for there happy hour and the first thing we came across was when the person across from us asked us if we where supposed to get bread while we wait??? She asked the bartender and was told that they had changed the policy that now you have to ask for bread if you want it.  The bread is usually a curtesy at most restaurants how do you have to ask for a curtesy either you give us the bread or not but to have to ask for curtesy bread is insulting.  We ordered some bread and where told it would be a while because they needed to bake some more??? So we ordered some appetizers we sat and waited and waited and waited from my seat I could see the kitchen and I saw what I thought must be our food sitting under the heat lamps where it sat and sat and sat finally the manager called over the server and sure enough it was our food which was of course getting cold and our burgers that where supposed to be medium where very WELL done.  All around it was a very lackluster performance at a time when they weren't even busy.  Our budget for eating out is not as flush as it used to be and the disappointment Of this visit is just irritating and kind of ruined our afternoon.  Don't think we will come back  if we are in the area there are a lot of other restaurants and I don't want to waste my time or money.
3	Good food but a little pricey for what you really get.
4	Nice environment, very classy. I've only gone for happy hour because the dinner menu is pretty pricey. The spicy eggplant and shrimp is delicious. Try it!
3	I went on a saturday early afternoon. I noticed alot of staff, but service kind of took awhile. Maybe it was because most of the party weren't at the table, and they (waiters) didn't want to repeat herself. ( i don't know).Food was different. I wanted some fettucini italian dish. But the one i ordered had ham, and some other pork meat. It was sweat as well. I'm more used to Olive Garden fettucini alfredo. So it was different. I will go back again. Try something else.
1	The fried calamari was as cold as the reception by our surly waitress, and the chopped Greek salad was as depressing as the actual Greek economy. If this place produced food as good as the decor I would return but it is not to be. The employee eating next to us received far better and friendly service, and given his ample girth, that is something he's taken advantage many times. This place only pretends to be a restaurant.
2	It's been 2-3 years since we visited Brio.  I remember why (or why not).  Great location, comfy decor and atmosphere.  Unfortunately, we were there to eat.  The food isn't bad.  It just isn't good.  Just very boring.  I'm not much of a cook but I swear I could plate better Italian food.  Bland, uninspired food.  Not exactly cheap, either.  Don't think we will be rushing back although I do recall the Happy Hour being a good deal.  At the right price, bland food is not so objectionable.
5	Fantastic restaurant. Service was great. Food was excellent. Their happy hour from 3-7 is great. 3.00 entree's.  Everything from a 1/2 pound burger to margherita flat bread pizza is just 3.00.  Amazing appetizer is the shrimp and eggplant in black peppercorn sauce.
4	They have a really great brunch on the weekends!I had some crab stuffed crepes that the bartender recommended and they were better than I could have hoped for - yum!  I also tried a few signature cocktails and they were just as good.  It's nice to see something different on a drink menu.Service was excellent, very clean, nice decor.  All around a great dinning experience.
4	Vigor's of Tuscany.....and grill...eh! Eh! ....ooohLazy Sunday after missing the movies since I didn't want to stand in line. Attended this place since I heard great things about their HH -- I had no Vigor in me this day so HH sounded awesome.  However, no HH on Sunday!  Errrr -- well I was not dissatisfied.  We order some drinks and appetizers.  I had the Raspberry Mojito -- definitely cooled me down!  We ordered some Calamari and guess what the star of the dish wasn't even the Calamari -- the fried peppercini peppers did it for us.  So we had a special request for just that and guess what -- they obliged - Thumbs Up!  My friend ordered the Steak Bruschetta's and I don't remember her eating it....just saw the empty board haha! We said outside on the bar patio with the misters while people watching.  Service was great and the drinks flowed.  What can I say; I'm coming back for HH next time. - Enjoy!
4	My favorite thing about this place is their Happy Hour!  $3.95 food specials and now $5 drink specials (that's new it think)!  Can't beat that. The bar area does get very busy, and it's not that big, so be prepared to wait for a seat/table.  We have eaten there for lunch and dinner also and everything has always tasted amazing!
5	The fresh bread is to die for, I think I have gone to Tuscany heaven!!! I had an  omelette, this time. Nice flavor served open face. Great atmosphere and service.
3	Good ambience. Looks like the cheesecake factory. This place is super busy on the weekends so call ahead. Got the feel of an upscale olive garden. Not impressive but not disappointing either.
3	I got a pear basil cocktail. So good. I wish I were drinking one right now. The hostess    was super nice, but our server was mediocre. I'll be back for that drink, but next time I'll just sit at the bar.
2	***Update*** wow. this was my 3rd time here and the service was horrendous. this place lacks professionalism. hey brio, you can't charge the prices you charge without the service to back it up. i HATE HATE HATE the inconsistency of service in this place. today i felt like i was being punk'd. is this real ife? where are the cameras?lemme me help you all out: Tamara is their best server. ask to sit in her section...if she's not working...GO ELSEWHERE!
5	This absolutely earned 5 stars from my husband and I. The food, the service, the atmosphere were all outstanding. The beef medallions with shrimp were served with vegetables that were perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned, and accompanied by a rice pilaf that is every bit as delicious as Mama makes.
3	Ambiance is exceptional, just wished the food matched.  Food is underwhelming.
2	Alright, so a few disclaimers before I begin: I was with a big group, so give the server a little grace- and I don't like paying $20/dish to begin with. Now that that's out of the way...I ordered a lobster and shrimp pasta dish but I'm not exactly sure which one. It literally had four tiny shrimp and one small piece of lobster. On top of that, I had asked for no mushrooms and they were there in excess. I know, I should have sent it back and not wait til now to complain about it, but shortly after we got our foor our server(s) came around with a block of parmesean to sprinkle on the food of those who wanted it. My friend and I flagged one down and she said she "didn't want to walk around the table" to put it on ours, so she grabbed an empty bread plate and scraped a mound onto it and handed it to me; I decided not to ask her for anything else.In summation, Brio is just overpriced for what you get- service and all.
2	Brio is an Italian restaurant whose main view overlooks the parking lot, but the patio is spacious and perfect for cooler nights.I love Italian food, so I was stoked to try their Tuscan recipes. I 'm not sure I ever want to dine there again after my experience, though.Our server was wonderful (actually, all the servers who came up to our table were wonderful), and the food and drinks came out promptly. We received freshly baked white bread first, which was soft with a crispy crust. It was good but nothing exciting.I then dug into a Brio Chopped Salad ($4.95), my favorite part of the meal. It was so huge, I should have just ordered that alone. I loved it-it had tomatoes, olives, onion, cucumber and Feta cheese, and I had it with ranch instead of the usual red wine vinaigrette it usually comes with. It was a really well-rounded salad, and the portion was a great deal for the price.I had still ordered Mushroom Ravioli Al Forno ($14.95), which I got with BRIO's tomato parmesan cream sauce instead of alfredo. The sauce was really bland to me-usually it's my favorite sauce because of the kick it has, but this had none. Also, the pasta was sort of rubbery-definitely not handmade. I took most of my meal home, which was boxed for me.When I ate the rest of it later at home, I almost (thank gosh I didn't) bit into a pea-sized piece of ceramic. I have no idea how that got in the box, but it was buried under the pasta and would have chipped my teeth if I hadn't have noticed it before biting into it. That, combined with my lack of enthusiasm for the pasta, leaves me with no desire to rush back, no matter how awesome that salad was.My friend got Smoked Chicken and Portobello Brushcetta ($11.75). She said the consistency was weird, and to me, the presentation also looked sloppy, as well. I'd recommend going to True Food Kitchen before BRIO.
4	I originally intended to hit up their happy hour, but it being a Friday night, it was too packed. Decided to get a table for dinner instead. I was hesitant because it seemed a bit on the pricey side for some of their dishes. But after tasting the food... no regrets. I had the pasta alla vodka. Our waitress said that it is their best selling dish. I can see why. Oh, and the marscapone cheesecake? OMGRN. My only qualm was how loud the dining area was. I will try to go back on weekday for happy hour.
5	This restaurant has a ton of reviews so I'll make it quick. This is one of the best italian restaurants in the area and they are consistent.Amazing bread/crackers? CHECK! Amazing service? CHECK! AMAZING food? CHECK CHECK CHECK!This is the best italian food I think I've ever had and this is the premier restaurant I will take guests to.
5	I went to this location by accident. I thought I was on my way to the "Yelp Goes Under The Tuscan Sun" event, but I went to the wrong location. The reason why I didn't turn around and hed straight to the yelp event was because we arrived at 6:40 p.m. at the Santan Mall location and we were supposed to go to the Scottsdale Quarter location. Because it was rush hour and we had already driven from Tempe, at this point we just wanted to have a nice meal. At first I was bummed when I didn't see red yelp balloons and a line of eager yelpers ready to mingle, but I was starving so I decided to stay for dinner. The manager and server were very accommodating to me and my friend and I really appreciate the effort they made to make us feel welcome- despite no yelp event to attend. I really wasn't that upset! The food was delicious. I'm pretty sure the words "tantalizing taste buds" came to mind that night. I loved the ravioli appetizer and white peach sangria! My server was so sincere and attentive. I want to say his name was Fausto. My apologies if I'm wrong. The manager was very sweet, as well. Thanks so much for letting my friend and I create our own idea of what a yelp event could be with a guest list limited to 2. HAHA
1	Not worth the trip.  Quality has gone way down.  My steak was barely warm.  Mashed potatoes and veggies weren't anything special.  Lobster ravioli tasted like the Buitoni from the grocery store.  Lobster & shrimp pasta dish was mediocre at best.  The atmosphere is beautiful, and service was great.  Food was not up to par for the prices they charge.  Go to Grimaldi's or La Stalla in Chandler, and you will be much happier with your meal.  We swore the last time we ate at Brio we would not return.  Now we will never return.
5	Consistently good food and perceptive service. Gluten free menu available. Even when crowded, they provide prompt take away.
5	Love this place. We eat here here 3-5 times a month. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. They even took the time to talk to us about our special dietary needs and really fixed us up! Top notch from the food to the service to the atmosphere.
4	Great food!  Great service!
5	The happy hour @ the bar is a lovely experience! The little menu has great pricing (anywhere from $2-$4 I believe) and the bartenders are always witty enough to mix up a drink of your own concoction. The bruschetta & brio burgers are always pretty satisfying.
4	Service was great!
5	Love their Happy Hour Bar Menu! $3.95 for fantastic meals.
2	Unimpressed. My husband actually thought the lasagna bland. the risotto and chicken dish I ordered had too much salt. Service was decent though we were seated at a booth with an extremely bright light emanating from a lamp we shared with another booth, while lights were dimmer elsewhere. The folks occupying the booth sharing our light expressed annoyance as well. I proceeded to inquire from a waitress if there was anyway to adjust the lighting but she indicated there wasn't anything that could be done other than pushing down on the lampshade to block the brightness which only  spotlighted our neighbors. So my husband, noticing my discomfort, took it upon himself to fix the problem, stood up and loosened the bulb turning off the lamp. Whew, what a relief and we were thanked by fellow customers in the neighboring booth yet there was more than sufficient lighting enabling us to  read the menu and hopefully enjoy what turned out to be a boring meal. Quite disappointed and we will not be returning anytime soon.
4	Went here for Happy Hour and had a good experience.  Food service was fast and happy hour prices are decent.
3	Had a meal here yesterday afternoon about 3:30-ish with my daughter as we had $10-off coupons for lunch entrees.  I have to agree with another reviewer, the prices are truly out of line.  $14.95 for a lunch entree is ridiculous.  I had the blackened tilapia with the side of seasonal vegetables and, while the fish was just luscious, the veggies could have used some more time in the steamer, particularly the carrots.  When will the chefs learn that carrots take longer to cook than zucchini?Since I was driving, I avoided alcohol and ordered a cranberry juice and soda with lime.  The first one came in a tall glass with the lime on the lip so I could squeeze it if I wishes.  When I asked for a refill, the bartender chose that time to take a break, so the other waitress (not ours) went behind the bar to prepare another one, which she put into a wine  glass and squeezed the lime herself.  Consistency, thy name is NOT Brio Tuscan Grille.  My daughter had the Mediterranean Shrimp and said it was very good - I had a small bite of shrimp and it was quite spicy/bitey, but good.  She said that she has eaten at this location several times and has never had a bad meal -  I'll take her word for it. The food was good, I think I would rather have sat at a table than at a high-top in the bar, as we were witness to a couple of not-so-nice remarks from one waitress to the other.  I think they need a lesson in how to behave around customers.Since I don't live in this area. I probably won't be back.  If I lived here, I probably wouldn't be back anyway.AND I STILL WANT TO KNOW WHY EVERY DAMNED RESTAURANT WITH A BAR AREA TRIES TO BE A SPORTS BAR!!!!!!  Turn off the televisions and let the music play.
5	Food was excellent, service was great! About the same level as Carraba's, but quite a step up from the likes of Olive Garden. Fresh and modern interior, great service and great food. We will be back!
5	My friends and I have been to Brio several times.  Generally I split the Chicken under the Brick with my friend and we get the asparagus as the veggie and to start we split the Brio Chopped Salad.  Every time it's great.  Several of my friends have ordered the Grilled Mahi Mahi Fresca and the Grilled Salmon; they have all stated it's wonderful and that the fish seems really fresh.  Also the free bread and crackers are wonderful. We generally like to relax after and grab a coffee while we chat; the coffee is really good as well.  The staff is always friendly and seems very knowledgeable about the menu.  I would highly recommend this place if you're looking for a great dinning experience.  Our bill generally ends up around $32 (not including tip) before splitting.
4	Super good! Great service!
5	Last night my boyfriend and I stopped at Brio to enjoy a little happy hour. We had taken our dogs on a walk through San Tan Village and grabbed a seat out on the patio. You really can't beat the HH specials. I wish I had gotten our server's name. She was great!!! So attentive, and really went above and beyond to make sure that we had a great experience.
5	Love Brio's happy hour and the special Rachel Sangria (ask for it - it is BOMB) ... Ok the bar food happy hour for me is .. Bread Basket, Brio Burger, Ravioli Caprese are the best things on the menu. I am a huge fan of Artichoke dip but this one falls short  as it is too cheesy and not enough artichokes. I give it 5 stars because it is my favorite place for happy hour if you get there early enough for a seat, usually there is a wait. The ambiance is good, good wait staff and my favorite happy hour food & drink is located here.
4	Delicious.  Had something from the lunch menu, Mezza Chicken Limone. . .it was succulent and savory.  Even the bartender said it had great coloring.  The capers and the lemon added that much more flavor to all the herbs and spices present.  the vegetables were grilled just right.  The mash potatoes were dry, but buttery.  The chopped salad was zesty and very flavorful.  Not overpowering at all and had a good mix of vegetables.The ambience was very elegant.  However, some of the clientele were loud and cheap.  Only looking to get in on the happy hour specials.  Oh well.The bathrooms were very clean.  The bar area was clean and all the waiters and waitresses were dressed to impress.  Not too much makeup or outstanding piercings or psychedelic hair.  The staff was very helpful and had a sincere smile.Definitely date worthy and business meeting worthy.
4	Good food, great service.  Went here for just brunch, definitlly going to go back for dinner.
5	Jam packed on a Friday night, however, it was a late dinner.  The bar area was overcrowded with the lingering happy hour crowd.  The crowd thinned out and the noise was tolerable.  The food was good with the fresh parmesan,  The drinks were strong.  The company was excellent.  Thank you Cari Brisendine for a great evening.
4	Pretty good food for the price.  Service is usually very good. EXCELLENT happy hour drinks and aps.  We go about once a month.  Like the steak salad.
1	Went in for lunch and was "waited" on by the world's least attentive waitress. For $30- no appetizer, lunch lasagna and one glass of wine- I at least expect the service to be good. I'd like to point out that she didn't seem particularly interested in any of her tables. The lunch lasagna comes with a wedge salad. The salad isn't bad, but it sucked that she dumped both that and the lasagna on the table at the same time. I'm not sure if the lasagna was served hot since by the time I got to it, it was lukewarm. Also- no offer of a refill or grated cheese, in fact the next time I saw my server was when she dropped off my check- still no offer of a refill, dessert, bread, etc. Taking her not-so-subtle hint I put my card in the booklet and then proceeded to wait, and wait, and wait. During this time I picked at my lasagna and ruminated that it looked like cat food and tasted like school cafeteria food. Ugh. I left her a standard 20% tip and told the manager how pissed I was at wasting $30 and a good tip on this crappy restaurant. Save yourself money and time and find anywhere else.
4	Tried Brio for the first time tonight. It was good. I very much enjoyed my dinner and the atmosphere. Came in around 6:15pm and we were seated right away. Our waitress was attentive and got our drinks out quickly. I tried the berry acai Italian soda which was just okay, I probably would not get it again.The bread that was brought out before our entrees was very good. A combination of sourdough and a crispy baked focaccia type cracker bread. My sister and I both had Caesar salads before our meal and they were great. I ordered the pasta fra diavolo which had campanelle pasta with a spicy vodka cream sauce and chicken. I asked for it extra spicy and it was delicious. My sister had the ravioli di bello which was a portabella mushroom ravioli with a mushroom cream sauce, I tried it and it was also very tasty. Service was great throughout the meal. Food was wonderful. Prices are moderate but worth it. Overall good. I will be back.
4	Good happy hour atmosphere. Dinner w/adults and/or children good too. My favs are caprese salad, risotto, veal Marsala.  Happy with wine choices by the glass. Not a fan of the chicken pomodoro Classico. Children like the pizzas.  I gave 4 stars vs 5...it's just a good place, you know what your getting, but its not overly amazing.
5	I love the bar menu. Great food after 5 o'clock and super affordable.
4	The menu reminded me a bit of Olive and Ivy, so much so that I was sure this was a part of Fox Restaurant Concepts (I was wrong; it's not).  But that's not a bad thing, as I enjoy Olive and Ivy very much!  I liked the atmosphere, it's subdued and relaxed, but I still felt comfortable bringing my baby, and saw several other families.  The food was good and the service was very friendly and prompt.  Overall it was a positive experience and I would go back.
5	Tried for first time last night. Blown away by atmosphere, service and food.  Summary of food for three:  Margherita Flatbread and carpaccio for appetizers, Caesar salad, pasta alla vodka, sweet potato asparagus risotto ..  Everything tasted Amazing!  And I'm a tough person to get that praise out of!  Will definitely be going back.
2	My wife and I went in on a Tuesday night after shopping (choice of convenience) and I was completely underwhelmed. The service was slow and somewhat lackadaisical not understandable for a Tuesday night at 530. The food was ok but way overpriced for the quality. We tried to like it; we shared wine a starter and our two mains. It just didn't stack up. Not worth the 70 bucks we spent.
3	My two friends and I went to San Tan to get some food and ended up at Brio. The weather was perfect, the patio seating was available and the street musician was wooing us with his romantic accordion skills.We started with a caprese appetizer to share. It fed just two people as it wasn't a big appetizer but the produce was fresh. I would have liked more of a balsamic glaze on it since the tomatoes and mozzarella weren't super juicy on their own (hence the greater need for oil and vinegar).On to our entrees, I had the Bio salad and my friend had the Vodka ravioli with some added sausage. He had been craving sausage and peppers pasta all day and so this was the closest thing he could get to it at Brio. His ravioli was very tasty- the pasta itself was delicate and thin and the filling was plentiful and very cheesy. The vodka sauce tasted pretty standard- however, the sausage was cut very thin and cooked crispy almost like bacon. It tasted alright but not the thick and juicy piece of meat we expect when we order sausage - hahah who knew describing a piece of meat could sound so NSFW!On to the less sexy plate, my Brio salad. The red peppers were warm and juicy and the asparagus had a nice grill on it. The rest of the salad was mostly lettuce so there was nothing to rave about there. MehIf we weren't full enough, my two friends got desserts: the mascarpone caramel cake and the lava cake a la mode. The mascarpone cake was very delicate, creamy and fluffy and had hints of caramel but it wasn't overpowering at all. I thought the dessert was perfect. The lava cake was unfortunately not lava-y on the inside and just tasted like a chocolate cake with ice cream. Nothing you can't replicate at home or can purchase from a box.Our service was pretty good except for a couple re-reminders of the beers we ordered. It gets 3 stars because I would expect tastier and more interesting food at that price. Nothing terrible, just nothing awesome either. Oh, the mediocre expectations of chain restaurants...
5	Love this place! Everything is tasty and wonderful . You start out with fresh baked sour dough with flax seed crackers. I recommend the shrimp diavolo (spicy), the salmon or steak salad ( both light but filling), the pasta la vodka , the crab cakes , or the burger (weird I know but they are super good). Save room for some Mini desserts . I always get the cheesecake! My favorite alcoholic beverage are the wild berry bellinis that are made with champagne! Light and fruity! Make sure you ask for Amanda M ! She is caring and the best server I have eer had!!!
1	Very disappointed with my entire experience at Brio. I ordered a butternut squash risotto. It came out cold with a skin of coagulated dairy floating on the surface. The service was just as bad and the dining room was noisy. The music being blasted throughout the building was muffled and sounded like some college kids were having a party upstairs. A conversation about what a terrible experience you're having is nearly impossible over the drone of the music. Which might be the point of the music in the first place.
5	I love this place, they and Babbo have restored my faith in Italian food restaurants. The Steak Gorgonzola Bruschetta is one of my favorite things. I've had a few of the pastas as well and they were all delicious. I haven't had a single compaint about any of my visits.
4	Brio has an excellent menu and wonderful atmosphere.  Ideal for date night or any celebratory dinner.  They also have a fabulous happy hour.
5	Great food great service.  Best place to go for dinner in Gilbert.  One of our favorite places to go.  The service is great, the food is the best we can find.  Why pay more when they have a great menu and the atmosphere is great.   We go here once a month since they have been open. We have never been disappointed.  We have been to both San Tan and Scottsdale.  Both of them are great places to go.
3	We enjoy happy hour here. The Tuscan Taster appetizers are very good. The spicy shrimp and eggplant varies from time to time in flavor and preparation ie., crispy vs oily. The burger is always a solid choice.  It would be nice for a healthy appetizer option.You need to stick with the happy hour drinks or else your tab gets sky high quickly.At the San Tan location, the blonde bar manager is efficient but super serious and curt.  We always leave satisfied but not thrilled.
1	I don't understand all the great reviews on Yelp. We had bad service and very bad food tonight. The waitress was rude, the food was cold and very bland.
3	We went for lunch just last week.Food was OK not really great.  However the wait staff is EXCELLENT, hostess staff very polite and friendly.
4	Another great afternoon at Brio. Had friends visiting from California and we all left the table smiling. As soon as we entered we were greeted by the GM, got friendly hellos from the bar staff and were greeted by a server in less than a minute after finding a seatEveryone ordered something different (food and drinks) and there were smiles all round.CONSISTENTLY good time after time and that's why it's our favorite "go to" place.
1	After reading the reviews I was super disappointed when I finally got here to eat. I was hoping for the four star experience raved about on Yelp but was left really cold by this place.First, not super friendly or super attentive. They get you what you need but it's at snail's pace and I was starving.I ordered the calamari and it was okay. It didn't have a fresh flavor and it was mushy instead of crispy. It came out with the marinara sauce to dip in, but there was this other blob of white sauce that looked like mayo had been out sitting on the counter on a warm afternoon. Obviously steered clear of that salmonella-listeria-cyclospora petri dish and tried not to gag. Because I had overindulged with the fried mess above I asked if I could just have capellini tossed with olive oil. They accommodated me in the way of a half a cup of spaghetti for $8.00. WTF? They had dishes on the menu that included vegetables, meat and sauce for that price. I felt thoroughly ripped off and will never eat here again.
4	The happy hour is awesome! Great price for awesome food.  My boyfriend and I were just running errands at the apple store and we stumbled upon this amazing italian resturant.  We decided to sit at the bar during happy hour.  We ordered eggplant fries, beef carpaccio, and a burger. eggplant fries- breaded and comes with a yummy garlic aioli beef carpaccio- really yummy.. super thinly sliced beef with fresh arugulaburger- we were pretty blown away by how good this burger was.  Great price for great quality!We will be back to try more items on the menu :)
2	We visited for the second time to give Brio a fair shot and it is simply overpriced for very little. I had a salmon dish where the veggies looked like they came out of a bag in the freezer aisle of a grocery store. The salmon and potatoes were good, but nothing I couldn't have made at home. My wife enjoyed her lasagna and thought it was good. We didn't order drinks, so when our bill came in at nearly $60 I almost couldn't believe it. I simply cannot recommend Brio when the food is simply ok or good but priced as if it is exceptional.
4	The service was spot on, it is a chain so there are locations all over. I do like the San Tan location because it's close and i have always gotten great service here. My recommendations: - Lobster Bisque: It's warm, creamy deliciousness. - Bistecca Insalata: their version of a wedge salad, with gorgonzola, bacon, roma tomatoes and creamy parmesan dressing (so scrumptious!)- Brio Chopped Salad: chopped greens, cucumbers, onions, olives, tomatoes, feta and red wine vinaigrette. - Veal Milanese: veal scaloppine with white wine lemon caper sauce (the caper sauce is amazing!) It also comes with fettuccine alfredo too. They do offer a couple gluten free pastas which is nice! The only thing that i am not in love with here are their desserts. We all know i have a sweet tooth but i haven't found anything here that has blown my socks off. P.S. The Brunch here is fabulous. (Sat & Sun until 3:30pm) My two fav's are the Open Faced Chicken & Avocado Omelet and the Berries & Cream French Toast.
5	Best place ever! Momma and I are regulars here, and the great food coupled with exceptional service really put this place over the top. From the complimentary bread to the incredible chopped salad to the amazing pastas , steaks, chicken and seafood dishes, you will wonder if any restaurant can ever measure up. Enjoy!
5	Hand-Made Pasta in house... Great creamy Red Sauce. Crab Cakes with real Lump Crab Meat... Appetizer calamari was light and flaky with the right amount of Breading. Our waiter (James W) was awesome and delightful, like he wanted us there.
5	Absolutely love this place great atmosphere and very friendly staff. I had the veal Marcella with fettuccini Alfredo wow just wow it was perfect and tender and enough to take hone for later
4	Nice place to eat and good food.  However I don't appreciate being rushed through dinner. The past two times we've gone three the server(s) have wanted to take our drink, appetizer, & dinner order all at once.  Last Sunday the waitress tried to take our dinner order after our drinks arrived I had to tell the waitress that we would order our meals after the appetizers arrived.  Our meals were good but the minute we put our forks down she was immediately there asking if we needed boxes & wanted dessert.
3	Nothing to write home about....a txt will do. Good food Good service Nothing special Would give it another shot. Pretty atmosphere....yes...I said pretty.
4	Brio is a good chain italian food restaurant. Food is consistent, service is good and has nice environment. It is not the same as going to your neighborhood italian spot but does a nice job.Brio is always willing to make modifications to dishes as long as they are able.  I usually order the Penne Mediterranean and change out the sauce and cheese they are always willing and able.  The dish the way I choose to do it is so good and I have even had servers tell me that it should be on the menu that way.Brio can get pretty busy, especially on weekends so get there early or wait.  The dining room is very large and there is a pretty large patio as well.  There is also dinner service in the bar area.Brio offers a solid menu and service therefore making it one our favorites.
2	Tried them twice now, and as far as Italian goes, pretty bland.  Service was kind if stuffy too
5	Beef carpaccio, lobster bisque, any of their salads. Awesome happy hour. Mmmmm bellinis! Chocolate peanut butter pie! Now I want brio!
5	The food was so great..not blown away by our server! She didn't have much of a personality. :-/ Think her name was Michelle..
5	If I'm craving Italian, I go for Brio. Every time. Their Tuscan Harvest salad is the perfect blend of savory and sweet with the most amazing homemade dressing. Their pasta alla vodka is the most delicate pasta filled with the creamiest ricotta, and smothered in the best vodka sauce you will ever have.
2	One of my biggest pet peeves with restaurants is when they don't expedite properly.... within three minutes of each other, I received my bread and butter, my salad and then my dinner. What's absolutely ridiculous is that the server/bartender all have the same response "Wow, that came out fast" as if it's NEVER happened before.  So, there I was with three plates of food in front of me, not being able to enjoy any single one really. It's almost like they're forcing you to order one single item at a time. I can understand how this might happen when it's busy and they want to get patrons in and out as fast as they can... But, this was a Sunday late afternoon and they were maybe 1/3 full. I'm not in the restaurant industry, so I'm not sure if this is a bartender issue or kitchen issue. Either way, it ruined the visit for me and I won't be back for a while.
4	I had the chipotle chicken and bacon panini- it was the bomb! Also had a bite of the risotto chicken, and it was good. Some of the decor and ledges were a little dusty, but overall really great dining experience.
4	Lamb chops, lamb chops,  Lamb chops!   Great service,  nice patio, and nice environment.   I will return.
1	Best place to get lobster bisque. Staff is friendly. Alway great service. Come one, come all. If you are in the San Tan Village area I highly recommend checking out Brio's Tuscan Grill.
4	The Tres Leches is just delicious! It is really a challenge to get it right (the Tres Leches) but they pretty much nailed it! Basically a good place to come with the kids and let them pig out lol
4	This place was awesome, the decor was very nice. The staff was very friendly. And the food was great. I loved the flat bread and bread loaf they brought to the table. Bruschetta Quattro appetizer was really good. I had the Pasta Pesto, but asked if I could have some alfredo sauce on the side. They obliged me on that. It's definitely a place to go for a special occasion. And we definitely go back.
4	This is definitely a place I don't mind coming back to for a good meal. It's a bit pricey on the entrees and drinks but a great place to bring family, friends, or anyone in between. Delicious food makes for a good mood, and it helps that there's a lot of seating so wait times haven't been too bad.
1	Really, really bad service. My husband and I decided to try this place in a whim. We arrived around 8:30 on a Saturday night. There was no wait and plenty of open tables. We were asked to wait for the next available table. Meanwhile, while we were waiting 3 parties of 2 who walked in after us were promptly seated. When we were finally seated, we waited another 10 minutes with no greeting. My husband and I finally walked out without even ordering. The only time were greeted was by the manager on our way out asking how our meal was. We both have worked in the service industry and were appalled by the lack of urgency.
1	We used to dine here often but the last couple of times have been awful! We went there for lunch on a Sunday -they were pretty busy but the wait wasn't too bad. Everything was going alright until our meals came. I ordered the pasta ala vodka which was completely cold but that was nothing compared to what my husband received. He ordered the lemon chicken and when he cut into it, it was COMPLETELY raw! We flagged down the waitress immediately and she didn't even seem concerned with it, she just said "ok I'll get you another one." She treated it as though we were complaining about the portion size of our food, not the fact that it was raw! It took over half an hour for my husband's plate to come out. I had already finished my meal so we didn't even get to eat together. Now, we are never the type of customers who complain and try to get things for free but I told my husband that they better not charge him for his entree being that if he would have taken a single bite out of that, he would have become terribly sick! She brings out the check and nothing. She had the nerve to charge us for the raw chicken. We asked to speak to a manager and she said "well can I just offer you a dessert instead?" Absolutely not! You can't make up for a $16 dish with a $5 dessert but we simply said no thank you. She walked away then came back a second later and said "she would just take care of it and to have a nice day." We were baffled by this because in no way were we trying to get our whole bill take care of but we had been there long enough so we just left her a $20 and walked out. My husband thinks that there is a chance that the waitress pegged us as "dine and ditchers" but regardless, we will never be returning to Brio.
5	Amazing happy hour.  Had Tammy as our server and she was awesome.  Food was great and highly recommend the white peach sangria.
4	Fancier than olive garden but not stuffy.  A little overpriced for Italian food that I can make at home.  It's really yummy though and sitting on the patio during a cool night is sublime.  Nearby shopping makes for an entertaining evening and a nice after dinner stroll.  Servers are very accommodating.  We asked to move to a table near a heater and they were more than happy to move us.
5	This is not Olive Garden........I don't mean that in a bad way. Here it is a little more classy. More relaxing and great food! Nice place to take a date or the wife to enjoy a quiet meal and just relax. Servers are very good and nice here.
5	Came here for happy hour last Friday and had such a great experience! I was greeted as soon as I walked in. Your host kaylee was super helpful with describing the happy hour menu and very sweet. We got the peppered shrimp and burger which were both delicious. And our server gave us remarkable service everything came out at the perfect time. Great place to spend Friday night with my husband. Will be back!
3	Better than OG but not authentic.  Restaurant is very nice and plenty of outdoor seating.  Service was lacking.  I will try somewhere else next time.
4	I love the tenderloin medallions they areSo yummy with the seared Gorgonzola cheese and topped with a yummy Marsala. Have a bottle of the brunello wine and awesome dinner. :-)
4	I was looking for somewhere new to try for my birthday dinner this year and decided on Brio Tuscan Grille.  I was definitely not disappointed.  Everything on the menu sounded amazing and everything that came out of the kitchen looked amazing!  I ordered the Chef Special - Tomato Crusted Blackened Tuna.  It was so good!  Everyone in our party agreed that we will have to make a return visit!  There are many things on the menu that I am interested to try. Next time I will have to save room to try one of the desserts!
1	Went with family for dinner on Thursday. Seated right away. Not a lot of people. Next table just got their order, they sent back one, wrong item. We waited for about 10 minutes noone came. Should be a clue. Complained to hostess, a server was sent right away. She's nice. Took our order. Note that no meatball option at all (wanted for our son). Appetizer and basket of bread came within reasonable time, but the same can't be said for entrees. Server had to apologize. When they came, they looked very good. Then wife complained the breaded chicken tasted weird, as it's old frozen chicken. I tasted and agreed. Server was nowhere to be found, needed to flag hostess to send her. She let manager know and he came and took care of exchange of salmon. It was good. Finished and ready to leave. Server was MIA again. Told my wife to take son to go to Barnes and Noble, while I waited for about 10 minutes for the check. Overall, very bad experience and won't be back. Many other options in the area. Sorry.
4	Beautiful interior.  Nice patio area.  Staff was very nice.  our food was very good.  Our server had nice suggestions, everything was delicious.
5	I stopped into Brio for a mid-week lunch with a large group of co-workers.  After quickly arranging a couple of tables, we were seated promptly on the large patio.  The first thing I noticed, and really my only complaint, is that the patio chair are insanely uncomfortable. I've never worn ass pants, but perhaps this is what it feels like.Our server was very friendly, and helped us newbies with the menu. There is a nice selection for lunch with reasonable prices.  I had the Grilled Salmon Fresca, which was a perfect portion for lunch. It had grilled red peppers, asparagus, sweet potatoes, spinach, and tomatoes.  On top was a small portion of feta, some fresh basil and a light drizzle of balsamic.  The Salmon was grilled nicely and overall the dish was light and flavorful, just perfect!The inside of the restaurant is spacious and very classy.  It looks ideal for a romantic date night.  Although I only had 1 meal here, I would definitely recommend Brio!
5	Beyond 5 stars!!! The service was amazing. The food was spectacular. If the pumpkin ravioli is on the Specials menu I highly recommend it. It was the most decadent dish I have ever had. It has an Amaretto cream sauce that is so unique. I would order it again for sure. It was so hard to pick what to order, everything sounded so good. And the calamari appetizer.....oh they fry peperoncinis in with it. It was a really good combo. Highly recommend this restaurant. Pricey but worth it. Can't wait to go again.
2	I was disappointed. The service was bad.  I opened the wine for he waitress as this was her first time. The food was blah. The calamari was great. The sundae our son ordered was a mini scoop of ice cream with a little chocolate sauce.  Spent 150 for two adults and two kids.  Won't return.
4	We love this place....great pasta dishes and we love the ambiance!
2	Went to San Tan Brio for Breakfast with Santa 2014, we made reservations for 8am. Highly disappointed. Poor set-up for the buffet. Buffet was against the wall, which made the line run through the middle of tables full of guests. The buffet was cold, long line for the buffet, and lack of organization to meet Santa.  Where to meet Santa was right at the entrance of the restaurant, which caused chaos. Server was extremely nice however was not advised by management that drinks are to be brought to the tables, she initially was told guest are to help themselves. After a while, we finally got it figured out, took over half an hour to get coffee. Part of the delay was the drink station was behind the long line of guests waiting for the buffet. Like I said, poor set-up. To top it off, the food was mediocre to unappealing. Example, the muffins were of something you would get from Holiday Inn. Waste of time and money.
