5	The atmosphere of this place has been totally transformed and opened up from what it was as La Paz. It is hard to imagine that it is even the same space. Elegant, but not too stuffy. I liked it.The food was simply incredible. I mean really, really incredible. I have eaten at so many Italian joints, from kitschy to stuffy to authentic to unknown neighborhood spots to chain restaurants. But this place really takes the cake. Everything we had was phenomenal. Nothing even just "OK." We had the wood grilled octopus and goat cheese pomodoro. Both should not be missed, but the goat cheese was just ridiculously delicious. I had a wedge salad and my wife had a Caprese salad...both very near perfection. I had the Zuppa di mare, or seafood stew, and it was packed with calamari, scallops, mussels, clams, shrimp, and white fish. I can't begin to tell you how much i enjoyed it. My wife had the Gorgonzola beef filet. She said it was only second to Del Frisco's, which is quite a compliment, especially for a non-steakhouse. We finished with a Nutella custard and Nutella filled doughnuts. God, it was so good.The service was something I would expect at a much more expensive restaurant. Our server, Christopher, addressed every need and was just the right amount of cordial and friendly with us.Prices were very reasonable...especially for the quality. Most entrees were $15-$20 and topped out at $33. Literally zero complaints from this place. Just a perfect evening we had there.
4	We went to Luciano's  the other day thinking this place was just a chain restaurant and similar to Carrabba's.  We were definitely wrong.  Luckily our curbed expectations led to a very pleasant surprise. (PS - There is nothing wrong Carrabba's)The inside of the restaurant is very nice, and feels upscale.  Luckily the prices are not 'upscale' in nature for the food or drinks.  The BIG PLUS here is their SERVICE.  It was exceptional.  Everyone was extremely helpful, friendly, and polite.  The service reminded of something you would see at a very nice steakhouse.For drinks, we tried the Strawberry Lemon Drop  and the Pometini.  Both were delicious, especially the Strawberry Lemon Drop.  My only tiny gripe is that they could have been stronger, but they were not watered down.In terms of food, we got plenty of their bread, which was warm and delicious, with some kind of olive oil dipping sauce that had a tomato-y taste to it.For the entree, we tried their Lasagna Coco Pazzo, which is much different (in a good way) than the traditional Lasagna that you would think of.  Great meat sauce and tons of cheese.  Also, a massive portion, so plan on bringing most of it home, especially if you get after it in the bread department.For some reason, we decided to get a dessert, despite the mass quantities of food consumed 10 mins earlier.  We got the Zeppole, which are mini cinnamon sugar donuts with nutella and ricotta cheese in them. Very tasty, but I could have gone for some dipping sauces...because...why not.When we saw this place open up, I thought Carrabba's would have competition, but now we are thinking Sullivan's will have to step their game up to keep us from going to Luciano's for a nice meal.
5	My new favorite place for Italian when I am uptown or in Dilworth area.  A wonderful addition to this area.  Space much improved for dark and dreary LaPaz caveman space.  From the moment we walked into the new bright, expansive restaurant, we were treated like we were the only patrons there, even though there was a large party of 10 - 12 rigth beside us, our service never waivered.   Our server, Adela, was great - even recommending we share a plate since the portions are quite large.  We opted for a chopped salad with a mild Italian dressing, variety of lettuce crisp with fresh garbonzo  beans and a wedge salad with their house dressing which is similar to ranch.  Both were brought out in chilled plates - huge plus in my book.  It is the little things that were done throughout the evening that made for such an enjoyable dinner.  We noted to Adela that we were not in any hurry and she paced the delivery of the entree accordingly.  We paired the Coco Lasagna (crazy lasagna) with a nice, slightly chilled Italian wine.  I love it when a restaurant serves the red wine at the appropriate temperature - not room temperature at 72 to 74 degrees but more 66 to 68.  It so improves the wine experience.  Getting back to the lasagna - kitchen split the dish before serving to us and HELLO no splitting charge which I have yet to figure out why any establishment would do this.  Same quantity of food, only takes 2 seconds to split and plate on two plates instead of one and they charge for this?  Hubby (aka Bulldawg) loved his lasagna but loves his garlic too and thought maybe dish could have had a little more garlic.  Enter Alexander, stage right.  He asked Bully about his food and he didn't hold back on his need for speed - I mean garlic - next thing we knew Bully's dish disappeared and reappeared a few minutes later with an improved bolognese sauce with Bully's drug of choice - garlic.  We could not get enough of this sauce. I actually thought the second dish they brought to the table was another full portion which was great , totally unexpected and added with my leftovers, we will have another full meal.  This place is a date night, girls nite out, hiding out from the in-laws and pretending you are in Italy kind of place.    Loved every minute we were there and oh yes, free valet parking.  This places does it right!
5	The menu looked great and I was wondering if the food would match up and it did.  Everything was wonderful, the server made great recommendations and the atmosphere was very nice.  It doesnt feel like your typical cozy Italian restaurant its more modern and upscale looking.  I will be back for sure.
5	The atmosphere of this place has been totally transformed and opened up from what it was as La Paz. It is hard to imagine that it is even the same space. Elegant, but not too stuffy. I liked it.The food was simply incredible. I mean really, really incredible. I have eaten at so many Italian joints, from kitschy to stuffy to authentic to unknown neighborhood spots to chain restaurants. But this place really takes the cake. Everything we had was phenomenal. Nothing even just "OK." We had the wood grilled octopus and goat cheese pomodoro. Both should not be missed, but the goat cheese was just ridiculously delicious. I had a wedge salad and my wife had a Caprese salad...both very near perfection. I had the Zuppa di mare, or seafood stew, and it was packed with calamari, scallops, mussels, clams, shrimp, and white fish. I can't begin to tell you how much i enjoyed it. My wife had the Gorgonzola beef filet. She said it was only second to Del Frisco's, which is quite a compliment, especially for a non-steakhouse. We finished with a Nutella custard and Nutella filled doughnuts. God, it was so good.The service was something I would expect at a much more expensive restaurant. Our server, Christopher, addressed every need and was just the right amount of cordial and friendly with us.Prices were very reasonable...especially for the quality. Most entrees were $15-$20 and topped out at $33. Literally zero complaints from this place. Just a perfect evening we had there. I am hoping that it wasn't  If they can keep up this service and quality of food, they are going to give Luce, Toscana, Villa Antonio, etc. a run for their money.Edit: We went back for Mother's Day tonight with my mother and mother in law. Again, service and food were superb. Everyone enjoyed everything. We left in a bit of a food coma, but it was well worth it. Christopher was our server once again upon request, and his service was exceptional again. He remembered us and made us feel at home with our moms. This is just a really great spot...love it!
3	I work upstairs and they stay open late for lunch, so I decided this place was perfect for me for lunch the other day.  I sat outside so can't comment much on the decor inside, though definitely a huge change from the La Paz days.Service from hostess to server to busser to food runner was all very nice.  The bread is excellent, I think it was my favorite part of the meal!  It was so warm and fresh, a nice crustiness to it.  Its served with a sun dried tomato spread and I actually liked it, not being a huge SDT fan.I got a salad and a pizza for lunch.  Here is where I am annoyed.  I asked is that too much food, the server assures me not at all.  Lie!!  The salad was entree size and I ate less than half.  Look I get that it pads his check, but I respect you more for your honesty and that's what makes me a repeat customer.  The salad wasn't great though, it was a chopped salad and it was drowned it dressing and some of the lettuce was sad and limp.  And not really chopped, I expected smaller pieces for a chopped salad, but that's me being nit picky I guess.My entree was the vegetarian pizza.  I was excited for this.  And then I was pissed.  They covered it in red pepper flakes.  I didn't request this, it wasn't on the menu and I have 0 tolerance for spicy food.  So I sat there trying to pick the pieces out while my lips and mouth burned and I seethed.  I of course said nothing because it was already getting late and my hour for lunch was quickly ending so I just took it as a lesson learned, next time I will explicitly tell them to not add anything other than that which is stated on the menu!I gave 3 stars because I am not ready to write them off yet.  They are convenient for me for lunch so I want them to succeed.  But maybe a little more time to get all the kinks worked out before I try again.
5	Luciano's is a great restaurant! In the past weeks we've been twice. My husband had a very successful business party which was catered to perfection.  Then we went with a group of friends and had a fantastic dinner.  Their menu is varied, as is their wine.  Their Barolo was outstanding!  I hear the do brunch, that might be my next visit!
2	After seeing the previous reviews, I was very anxious to visit Luciano's. Upon arrival, the restaurant has been truly renovated since the La Paz ownership & is beautiful. We sat outside and enjoyed the bread and sun dried tomato dipping sauce with proseco, which was very good. We decided to start with the octopus appetizer, which was undercooked, chewy and overall not something I would enjoy again. We explained the issue to the waiter and shortly after our waiter and the manager approached the table to apologize. The chef tasted it & realized it was very undercooked and threw that batch away. A few minutes later they brought a complimentary calamari, very nice, but that was just as undercooked as the octopus. On to the entrees...we ordered the chicken piccata & the gnocchi. The chicken was ok, however, the entire plate was oil, and I mean dripping! As for the gnocchi, another uncooked meal. They were doughy and mush.I hate to write this, because I did expect better, but for now I will stick with a few other Italian restaurants that are much better, and maybe give them another shot after a few more months in business.
5	One of the best meals I've had in Charlotte.   Everything from the service, wine, salad, entree, and to dessert was great!   We will be back again very soon!
2	Food - eh.    Ceasar salad loaded with dressing and way too much pepper (my mouth was burning!). Entree's were mediocre - poor.Service - blah.      Order was messed up twice, but we only sent it back once just so that we could eat our meals at the same time!Atmosphere - Very Nice. Patio is very nice on a nice night.Overall - Not worth your time.
5	I saw the "Now Open" sign and decided to test this place out with a group of 6 girls.  The atmosphere is great; I love the decor.  It is very bright and open.  The food was delicious; I couldn't believe how fresh the mozzarella was in the caprese salad, and my Gorgonzola crusted steak was cooked perfectly.  What really impressed me was the manager.  A lot of managers at restaurants sit in the back  and watch everyone else work, but the one here is very hands on!  He came over and took our drink order when our server was busy, was busing tables, checking on everyone, and seemed to really care about and take pride in us enjoying the experience.  I will definitely be back!
4	I was soo excited to go here since I drive pass it very day. The patio looked gorgeous and I love sitting outside. So finally my girlfriend and I had a late lunch on a Friday. It was a very good day to sit in the patio area. Mo was our waiter.. His customer service was on point. Very tentative. However, the food was ok. I gave them a 3 1/2 stars but rounded up to 4.. I had the 3 course lunch because as usual my eyes is bigger than my stomach... 1st course: Creaser salad. Full size salad. It was very bland.. 2nd course: seared fish with mashed potatoes, green beans and some kind of flavor butter with sliced almonds. Again, it was bland and oily.. However, the fish was seared very nicely. Nice crunch to it. I liked it. 3rd course: dessert. I can't remember... Overall, I would go back. I'm guessing they still need to work out their kinks. I heard the waitress told her customers, they haven't had their grand opening yet!!! So I will definitely be back and try something else.
5	From what I was told, Luciano's had been open for only a week or two when I ate here in early May. The ambiance was somewhere between casual and upscale, with lighting that was dim enough for a comfortable dinner and nice ambient lighting around the ceiling. I was with a party with mixed attire -- some jeans, some shirts and ties, the women in skirts and blouses -- and no one seemed to have a problem with it. There's a lovely patio, but I don't care for eating outside so I'd be unlikely to sit there.I would go to Luciano's just for the strawberry panna cotta alone. This was my first time ever eating panna cotta and it was a life-changing moment for a girl who loves her sweets. In all honesty, two of those stars are for the dessert, one and a half are for the meal, and one and a half are for the service and atmosphere.As for the meal itself, I had a luscious black spaghetti with bay scallops, shrimp, and mussels; the menu online indicates that it's black linguine but I suppose they might have changed that since the menu was created. The peppery tomato sauce was gorgeous. My husband had salmon oreganata, which I got to taste and I enjoyed it. As a bread lover, I had to make myself stop eating the complimentary bread and sundried tomato spread that the server brought out before the meal. My friend ordered goat cheese pomodoro to share and I could gladly make a meal of that. The food was all tasty and worth the price. Service was attentive and welcoming, including a visit to our table from the manager. All of the staff did their jobs well and with pride.On a small side note, I appreciated that the ladies' room had a bottle of mouthwash and little cups on a side table. We were going out after the meal and I didn't want my breath to smell of garlic. Maybe I just don't go to enough classy joints to have encountered this before, but I liked it.Luciano's will definitely be on my list of good places to go for Italian food.
4	I ate at Luciano's with 13 of my favorite coworkers for a birthday lunch. Customer service was amazing, and they got our checks right on the first try (something that seems to rarely happen when eating out with a large group that is paying separately). I love the ambiance of the place and am interested in trying their dinner menu. My only complaint is the price, prices are a bit high for lunch (they seem more like dinner prices in my opinion)... the price will likely keep me from coming back too often, but I will definitely keep it in the dinner repertoire!
5	I now have a favorite Italian Resturaunt in town!The Bread is So good that its a problem.
4	Dinner for 8 on Sat night.  Service was very good. They accommodated split checks including the bottles of wine.  The food was considered good by all. Entrees of brick chicken, veal, and pastas.  All good. Nice to have an Italian restaurant that's not a chain.  Will go back and would recommend.
5	What a beautiful transformation to this former La Paz! I've been here twice in three weeks! Upon entering, we were greeted immediately and friendly. The team of service staff is knowledgeable, friendly, and truly exceptional. Their complementary warm crusty bread with sundries tomato is wonderful.I had the Mussels Bianco for an appetizer on my first visit, it's so delicious, that I insisted having it again for my second. The sauce is so good we asked for more bread to dip into it!The first visit, I had trouble deciding between the Gnocchi and the Ravioli Al Forno. I chose the Gnocchi. I was simply wonderful, tender and flavorful. I forced myself to stop eating it so I would have leftovers. My friend enjoyed the Eggplant Parmigiana . For my second visit, I knew I was having the Ravioli and was not disappointed at all! I liked it as much if not better than the Gnocchi! Again, my friends also enjoyed their meals, one had a pasta dish, although I don't know which one, and as last time, the Eggplant Parmigiana was a hit. This time we had desert, Peach Cobbler and Tiramisu. Both were enjoyable. The red wine was slightly chilled which is a plus and I enjoyed the Menabrea Amber beer.The prices and portions are great.  We decided that we will just work our way down the menu since everything is top notch! I can't wait to share this great restaurant with more friends!
5	One word . . . AMAZING! Without a doubt, this is the best Italian food I've had in Charlotte!! Friends highly recommended Luciano's, although I wasn't familiar with it. Then I remember seeing the sign for it as I left Sullivan's one night. I couldn't stop thinking about it, so my husband, a friend and I ate there last night.  I never went to the previous restaurant in that location, so I had nothing to compare it to.  The restaurant is elegant but not stuffy. A beautiful bar and an excellent wine list entices you! (And great prices - $12 for a glass of Charles Krug cab!) While waiting for our friend at the bar, we were served hot delicious bread with a sundried tomato sauce. The bartender offered to provide tastes of wine before I ordered, so I tried 3. Great service!Javier promptly greeted us once seated. He was very professional, attentive, and knowledgable. My friend requested the mussels blanco (creamy white wine, garlic, butter sauce) and we happily agreed.  Wonderful!  I could have drank the remaining sauce directly from the bowl!Entree selection was difficult because it all sounded awesome! My friend joked that she'd work her way down the menu with each visit! I decided to do it! I ordered the Eggplant Parmagiano, which my friend suggested. It was piping hot and served in a small crock which the waiter scooped out. It was served alongside a pile if spaghetti with tomato sauce. I would eagerly order this again!My husband and I split the caesar salad. if it truly was split in half, an entire salad would have filled me up! (Then again, I'm happy with mussels and salad as a meal!) My husband ordered the Mediterranean Penne with veggies which was good, but not spectacular. Veggies were super fresh!The most outstanding dish if the evening was the Mushroom Ravioli which my friend ordered. It was amazing! Simple yet bursting with complex flavors!  Fresh mushroom ravioli, savory creamy sauce, and a sprinkle of crunchy fried onions (we think that's what it was).  OMG, I will dream about this ravioli!!  Again, prices were very reasonable for the portion size! My Eggplant Parmagiano was only $14 and I only ate half!I'm not a big dessert fan, so I passed on it. However my husband and friend ordered tiramisu and peach cobbler. I tasted both and they were tasty!All in all, I can't wait to go back to Luciano's!  We only eat out 1-2 times a month (I eat out more if traveling for work) and we usually don't go to the same place. But I will return here! They also serve lunch, although I didn't look at the menu.
4	Went for lunch and was really impressed with the ambiance. It was beautiful in there! Had a large group and they were very accommodating. Menu was great, easy to read with enough options without being overwhelming. Would love to go back sometime. Had a salad with salmon that was cooked perfectly, per request (medium rare). It was a little pricey, I think the salmon salad plus a drink cost me $17. The bread and sun-dried tomato oil was different and nice. If you are looking for somewhere nice to go for Italian, I would go here.
5	Really delicious!!
5	If I were to design a restaurant it would look something like this. It looks incredibly gorgeous while managing to stay comfortable and relaxing versus that "too trendy" look many places are going for these days. In the center of it is all is a cozy wood fired stove...They work in teams here and are VERY attentive. So if you're put off by literally being taken care of while dining, this may not be your place. I for one, was very impressed and it truly felt like everyone was in it together to make my experience unique and wonderful. The service is what takes it over the top to a five star review. The food was really flavorful, it's Italian with a twist. The crusty bread served with a sundried tomato dip was something I've never had before and something I must have again, It was awesome! I went with the ravioli which was very heavy but the sauce did taste good. I like my pasta rolled out a tad bit thinner but that is me being nit-picky. I was in love with my fiances lasagna (deconstructed)-so I might go that route next time. If you're a cheese fan (as I am) they do not skimp. Most of the dishes are in the $15-20, drinks in $7-12 range ...they do serve a brunch on Sunday with bottomless cocktail options ( I believe they said sangria, bloody mary's, and mimosas). Can't wait to try brunch next!
5	What an absolute delight!Luciano's has it all.. Amazing food, impeccable service, ambience, and all at at affordable price.  What are you waiting for?  Get over there for lunch or dinner STAT!I took my best friend here for her "bachelorette dinner", but it was just us and one other friend.  The three of us were each treated so well.  We're a lively group and always have something to say, so as we sat down, a waiter asked if "regular water" was ok for us.  We asked what would happen if it wasn't, and he grinned and said he could get us spritzer or something else, but that this was "fine regular water" so we said, well, that'll be ok.  After that, every time he came by, the water got better and better..  by the end of the evening it was "fine, refined, italian water specially prepared for our dining pleasure".  It was cute, but not crazy silly.  We laughed and talked with all our wait staff and everyone was just as friendly and nice.  So, I say all that to illustrate, the training program for this staff must be something very special.  I have rarely had such a fun AND professional dining experience.The food, however, is the real star here.  Our table tried the Tortellini, the Gorgonzola Steak, and the Chicken Cacciatore.  Every single entree was sublime, the flavors perfectly balanced.  For dessert we shared Tiramisu and Cannolis.  On both dishes, I've never had better!This restaurant is beautiful, has top notch staff and delicious food.  On Wednesdays they're now doing 1/2 priced bottles of wine, too.  Get by and check this place out.  If you want, tell them the "girls in the corsets" sent you.  ;)
5	Met up with friends and enjoyed a meal out in the Patio. It was beautiful. I love the decoration inside and outside. The price is very good for the food you get. I ordered the meatballs and they were the big meat balls with cheese inside. I could taste the freshness of the tomatoes in the sauce. I arrived a little late, so I didn't have a chance to enjoy an appetizer, but my friends were very pleased with it. I loved the service! My food was brought out right away and the waiter helped me design a drink accordingly to the mood I was in. He was very helpful and very nice. The service made our meal even more enjoyable. Definitely I place that I want to go back to in Charlotte!
5	Five for dinner last night and what a treat!  Everyone had a delicious meal and the service was outstanding!  This was our first experience at Luciano's and we were not disappointed.  Granted, Monday is not a busy night for restaurants, but we look forward to returning doing the fall theater season and expect the same treatment.We were drawn to Luciano's with an advertisement in Clipper that displayed a scallop dinner that arrived identical to the photo for my wife that she thoroughly enjoyed.  My veal was crispy as I like it and the pasta made the meal perfect.  The antipasto was like we were in Italy, with melt in your mouth Prosciutto sliced paper thin.  Cannolis that make us want to leave from Rome tomorrow!We look forward to our return visit.
5	Stop and think before you waste your time at any other Italian spot in Charlotte, this is it from the decor to the food and service. Had the potato and chive flat bread to start, bottle of fiano which the server recommended (spot on), followed by the chopped salad (no dressing needed), and finished with the coffee panna cotta (to die for)!
3	Great location, nice ambiance. My Arrabiata was a little disappointing but another person in our party had what was apparently the best dirty martini ever. The wait staff needed to improve, though. The waitress disappeared for long periods, and every round of food served was served to the wrong person.  I will give it another try.
4	This is Luciano's second location with the first one being in Duluth.  The food was very fresh and tasty, the service was very good, and the decor is nice.  It is a little pricey and even with a $25 discount our bill was a little steep for what we got.  I had the special spinach stuffed tortellini with shrimp in vodka sauce.  It was good but not worth the $24 price tag.  The gelato and cappuccino were authentic, especially the latter.   It was real Italian style and not the steamed kind like you get in American coffee shops.  Others have raved about the chopped salad but it was just iceberg lettuce in oil, something I can do for about 50 cents at home and easily.
3	Had to drop my rating a couple of stars because they never offer the trout for the 3 course lunch special anymore.  The trout is what really made the lunch special great.
5	I wanted to eat Italian in Charlotte and. Jose Luciano's because it had such good reviews on Yelp.  Well it deserves the good reviews it's fantastic.  Our server Louise was informative, attentive and recommended well. The scallop special was great, the fish with Tuscan beans was tremendous but the grilled Octopus appetizer was the star of the show.   Tender and served on the tastiest chick peas. Since it was Wednesday night bottles of wines were half price.  I had a delicious Malbec and was able to take some home.  Overall just about the beat Italian experience to be had in Charlotte.
5	Our meal was absolutely over the top wonderful! The service was attentive and my sons enjoyed the immediate re-fills of their sodas. We were seated on the outdoor room with gorgeous chandeliers.  The interior area looks beautiful too with a lovely tin ceiling and warm feeling. We'll look forward to being seated there during our next visit.I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and it was delicious. My fish was perfectly cooked nad served on a bed of cooked greens which I happily devoured once I tasted them. I am not a cooked greens lover, so this was extra-ordinary! My sons both enjoyed their meals and my husband was thrilled when the chef prepared some mushroom risotto especially for him. It was not on the menu that evening, and when my husband mentioned how much he had looked forward to having it again (he's dined at Luciano's twice in the recent past) the server made sure he had some!  We all decided we would definitely return very soon!
4	Excellent but very rich foods, prices are moderate all things considered, watch out for that waist line. FWIW there's a $13 lunch deal . Today it was tomato basil w/italian sausage bisque or salad, then salmon, swordfish or spicy pasta and desert. I think considering the quality it's a bargain. We decided to order a la carte instead but I thought I should help get the word out there. This is what we ate instead.They first bring out a complimentary dip with a basket of Italian country bread. The REAL thing, not the pretty looking but crap tasting imitations that all supermarkets sell, the bread, the bread ...  5 starsI didn't care one bit for the dip, although my S.O. liked it just fine. It's some red pesto heavy with sun dried tomatoes, too heavy for my taste I'd rather dip in the traditional olive oil with balsamic and herbs or pepper - No ratingMussels in white wine ($8) A surprisingly large serving for the price and the sauce was excellent, good enough to dunk and even slurp a couple of spoonfuls but richer with butter than it needs to be.  The quality of the mussels themselves was just so-so. Some were gritty, there were shards of broken shells, some had failed to open.3 1/2 starsScallops and artichoke linguini w/pancetta in garlic butter ($16) Three huge and sweet scallops, tasty artichoke and al dente linguini, altogether a really nice dish. The thing is I personally tired of  pasta in cream sauces years ago and this sauce left the pasta a bit gooey and tasted more like a light cream sauce than just butter and garlic. 3 1/2 starsZuppa di Mare ($24) not a soup. Catch of the day w/mussels, clams, squid, shrimp and scallops in tomato broth with garlic bread. I just spooned the plate dry of the broth, I'd give 5 stars for the garlic bread and the broth alone it was delicious bar none... but the seafood itself? The catch of the day was salmon, which I think not the best choice for this zuppa, and there was tons and tons of it, more than I wanted with one big scallop, two small shrimps and a tiny bit of shellfish. Not what I had in mind, for the record this is a dish I often order when it's in the menu. (5+3) /2 =4 stars so close yet so far...The decor is borderline kitschy what with all those columns but the designer put it together really well, the nearly monochromatic dining room is sober, elegant and cozy at the same time .... and the service couldn't be better.
3	We came with the family to celebrate our anniversary (parents, kids and grandparents)..the place itself is very nice and I like the open tables and long tables for groups.  Our biggest complaint with the place is our server.  We were quickly seated and our waiter introduced himself and asked for the drink order..he took the hubby's and the kids, my parents and I were still deciding and he said he would be back.  He came back after a little while and asked if we were ready to order. He took our appetizer order and then left.. He didn't ask for our drink order.  He came back again and asked if we were ready to order..again not asking for our drink order. We were feeling rushed to order our dinner, even though the place wasn't crowded.  I finally said - you haven't even taken our drink order. "Oh, I didn't know you wanted anything"...If he thought we weren't drinking, maybe that's why for every dish we asked about he suggested adding something to it.  My husband asked how was the ravioli, he said " it's light meal and I would suggest adding chicken to it".. My husband said, "we are Italian and don't put chicken on ravioli.  Never in my life have I heard that suggestion".  We had a good meal but the service left a bad taste in our mouth.  We will try it again, but will request a different waiter.Update:  We received a call from Luciano management apologizing for the waiters behavior and informing us that he had been let go.  They must have had complaints before. They sent us a gift card to come back and try them again.  We liked the food so we will be back to try it again.
5	My in-laws were in town last week so we went here for lunch...and then came back for dinner!  Each meal was fabulous.  The wait staff was attentive and the environment was beautiful.  We'll definitely be back.
5	Great food , priced very reasonable and we were in a bit of a rush to see a show so the staff was very accommodating. Great atmosphere and best of all an incredible selection of Italian beer on tap
4	I went in as a skeptic because I'm such a big fan of Fiamma's, but I found I can love both!  I have to say I like the classy ambiance and decor of Luciano's much better than Fiamma's, and especially love the heavy rich crown moulding and wainscoting, stacked stone fire oven, painted tin ceiling and chandeliers. We also thought the high top large tables were cute and looked forward to sitting there for dinner.I can only speak to lunchtime Luciano's experiences, but both were positive! George R. did a great job describing the menu.  The bread was delicious and the sundried tomato pesto was a nice change.  The lunch deals are a steal. Somehow I missed them the first time I went so I ordered eggplant parmesan which was delicious and I loved that the eggplant wasn't individually fried, therefore making it more fatty than necessary. It had a heavy layer of mozz/parm on top of the eggplant so you could easily push it to the side and make it light/healthy. My buddy got the salmon which he really liked but it looked a tad overcooked for my liking. The next time I got a lunch combo, which was half a Misto salad and a HUGE plate of tomato basil gnocchi. I liked the sauce a lot it came in and generally the gnocchi was good though definitely were soggy/soft and lacked the crisp on the outside. There are few places that get gnocchi right in town... But what made it better is that the combo was only $7.95. Seriously- that's Noodles & Co pricing for amazing ambiance! And I had leftovers! My hubby got the lunch deal where you get a soup or salad, entree and dessert for $12.95 which was the deal of the century. He had a tomato bisque which was lovely, then there were several entree choices- he picked the penne with italian sausage and spinach which was great. That was filling enough, but then the piece de resistance was the tiramisu which was traditional style with plenty of coffee flavor, and substantial but not too rich.  Bottom line: Nice ambiance, good food, good value. We'll be back.Side note: this would be a lovely place for a private event like an office dinner or something- I bet you could rent out the enclosed patio.
4	My friend and I ate here on a Monday night - very empty dining room but packed bar due to an event that moved into a private room.  I agree that the bread and tomato oil was lovely - a pleasant surprise.  We both ordered the Mista Salad.  I would have preferred to see more pine nuts and tomatoes.  It mostly greens.  The Prosciutto Pizza was scrumptious - the amount of prosciutto was amazing - heaps!  We then split the Rigatoni Salsiccia but subsitited a non-spicy sauce.  It was loaded with mozzarella, peppers and sausage.  I really enjoyed it.  No room for dessert!!!!!!!!!!Our waiter seemed to be a little out of it - he had to read the specials from his notes, asked us to repeat our orders a couple of times and then disappeared when we tried to get the check.  When I ordered a glass of the Quattro Mani.  He asked which one.  I had specifically checked that there was only one Quattro Mani.  I would definitely go back!
5	Visiting Charlotte and chose this location based on other Yelp reviews. We were not disappointed. Seated on time, excellent staff, food was quite good. Had the nightly special of seared scallops over mushroom risotto - perfection. Also had eggplant Parmesan, also quite good. Will definitely visit this location again when in Charlotte.
5	We were in town for Turkey weekend, which means we needed a restaurant that could hold a crowd.  We came here for dinner on Saturday night with a total of 11 of us, including 2 very well behaved children (not even being sarcastic - it's just true).  We had a great time, and the restaurant itself was lovely!  It's very bright and even though it's loud, it's not deafening.  Everything everyone had was really good.  My hubby and I shared a wedge salad, but there were also a couple of Caesar salads and chopped salads at the table along with the soup of the day.  Our salad was super crisp and really good!  The Caesar salad was also delicious from the bite I tried!  For mains, I had the linguine carbonara and my hubs had the prosciutto pizza, and we split the two.  Both were really good!  The carbonara was a little creamier than I usually like, but it was seriously still so good!  For dessert I shared the brownie with my nephew.  FYI for anyone on a diet, you should always share dessert with a 6 year growing boy!  I seriously only got a couple bites in before he had ate it all, but it was also really good from what I tasted!  I would definitely come back here again next time I'm in town.
4	Tried this place the other night - Top notch service.The Pasta was excellent. I had the veal marsala and it was a tad over cooked but still quite tasty. Also had the a pair of cannolis and they were fresh and very good.The value is the real story here. Awesome Service at a price that makes it easy to frequent without feeling guilty.I'm a fan.
5	We ate there yesterday with a party or 6. The place was fabulous! Every dish was fresh, perfectly prepared, and well presented. Service was spectacular with several wait staff attending to us as needed. Beverages never went empty as each course was timed perfectly.From the $7.95 lunch special to the full portion scallops and artichokes, every bite was a delight to the palette. You've got to try the Goat Cheese Pomodoro for an appetizer - if you can put down the fresh bread with sun dried tomato sauce that comes with every meal.For desert, oh my..... we tried the Tiramisu, Molten Chocolate Cake, and the Zeppole (Ricota Cheese Filled Italian Doughnuts). Whatever you do, don't leave without the Zeppole. No way you can eat them all, but just one will send your taste buds to Heaven.Prices by the way, were very reasonable for this quality of food. You won't beat this place for Italian anywhere in Charlotte, not for any amount of money.We will be returning very soon.
5	Had an amazing time with a large group of friends!  The atmosphere and food were top-notch!  We had a wonderful sampling of appetizers, veal meatballs, carpaccio, and calamari, all were divine!  Everyone raved about their main courses, which ranged from fettuccini alfredo to the flat bread pizzasI encourage everyone to go and give this place a try!
5	Best Italian in Charlotte region
5	A large group of us went for New Years Eve dinner. Luckily, we made reservations because they were slammed. We were greeted and sat immediately. The bread and sun dried tomato sauce was excellent! The whole table raved. They had a lovely NYE menu, but most of us ordered off the normal menu. I got the lasagne, which was amazing, with a wedge salad. The boyfriend got gnocchi. It was very rich, so the portion wasn't as big, but it was AMAZING. Eggplant parm, chicken parm, lamb chops, roasted chicken, and chicken piccata --all thumbs up from our group. The server was pleasant and helpful. All of our orders were correct and there were no glitches with appetizers coming before salads or not coming at all. A great band was playing, soft appropriate dinner music. We all LOVED this place and will definitely be back. Better pull out my fat jeans because this place is a new favorite.
4	I am in Charlotte every week on business and after discovering this gem it has become my "go to" place for dinner, at least once, if not twice, each week.  I take the light rail from Uptown to get here.I've had everything from classic pasta dishes, to not so classic ( I love their variation on lasagna), the flatbreads, fish and the filet.  I could make a dinner out of the the sun-dried tomatoes and oil with the wonderful bread.Wednesday night is half-price bottle night, and the wine list has a number of good selections.  Sam, whether she's working the bar or the floor, always makes me feel welcome.My only negative is that despite the fact that I am a familiar face here (the bar and wait staff all remember me when I dine) the manager either doesn't remember me or does not feel he should go out of his way to welcome me back.
5	Update.  The last two times I have dined here the manager has been very visible - out on the floor talking with diners, assisting servers where needed, greeting guests when they enter.  I had dinner with a co-worker / friend last week and the manager stopped by to say hello and ensure that we had a great evening.
5	I went to eat at Luciano's on Wednesday with my girlfriend and it was the best experience I have had in a while. The waitstaff was on point, great recommendation of wines from Cruz the bar tender. Genesis brought bread and water to our table was very friendly and polite each time she approached us. Really enjoyed that sundried tomato sauce. My girlfriend and I had the rigatoni salcicchia and the sea bass, which were magnificent and I look forward to going back.
5	This place is awesome. Beautiful atmosphere and great service.. The food is simple and delicious..
1	No...just no. I was very disappointed in this place, especially since I read these reviews prior to going. Now my bf has Italian godparents that he lived with for almost 5 years so he knows real Italian cuisine. This was the farthest thing from that. I had the fettucini alfredo and wedge salad and my bf had the spaghetti and meatballs. It was worse than those Banquet or Marie Calendar frozen dinners. Yes, it was that bad. The "meatballs" were 80% breading or whatever and not much meat at all. The flavors of the sauces were basically nonexistent. It was just reallllly bad. I'm assuming their food doesn't travel well, but as terrible as it was I can't blame it all on the fact that it was take out. Should have just gone to Vapiano.
3	Luciano's has the splash of five stars with the striking decor, the white clothed tables with sparkling glasses and prompt service.  But once you get the food it is OK, wines and alcohol are very high prices and I understand volumes and measures but, further, spending $14 for a glass of decent wine and being served an inch in a large glass was insulting.Menu is pretty basic with few special items that you would expect from a five star place, but not here.  Their sun dried tomato olive oil and cheese dip is out of this world, worthy of a spoon or a much larger ration of bread.It is OK, but too expensive for what you get for your stomach rather than your eyes.
5	I live in the neighborhood and Luciano's is a great fit for South End. I have been there several times with my wife and friends. I love pretty much everything about it. The food is always good and the atmosphere is great. I going to keep this one simple. Your missing out if you don't go.Cheers
5	I think this is the best restaurant in town, the food and service is amazing.  The carpaccio appetizer is phenomenal.  The salmon oregannato is also out of this world.  You owe it to yourself to check this place out.If you can sit out on the patio it's worth it, the seats are super comfy.
5	I went here with some of my friends to kick off our Charlotte Bachelorette night, and it was amazing!  The service was great and the food was incredible.  They were very accommodating to our group that kept growing, and they made changing the reservation easy and seamless.  The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is very inviting and fun.  I'll be back here for sure, and I would definitely recommend this restaurant for any large group or party!
5	I had the pleasure of having lunch at Luciano's earlier this month and it was excellent.  The service was 5-star as was the meal.  I had the grilled salmon and it was perfect!  I will definitely go back again and again.
4	The beef carpaccio is out of this world. It literally melts in your mouth, no chewing required. I'm a huge fan of carpaccio and Luciano's serves the best I've ever tasted. The salads are great as well. I'm a big fan of the mussels as they are flavorful, succulent and cooked to perfection. Management is superb, having no problems ensuring customer satisfaction. The only con, the Margarita Pizza. Mine didn't have fresh Mozzarella only shredded processed cheese, tomato sauce and a couple basil sprigs. Probably the WORST version of a Margarita Pizza I've ever had. However who cares the menu is full of other delicious options.
4	I would rate the food as little better than Carrabba's, but not the best Italian food I've ever had. But not the worst either! Been consistently happy with my meals and had a pleasant dining experience. Affordable and nice ambiance. Good service.
4	What a beautiful sparkling place. The mostly white and black decor greets you at the door along with a friendly hostess. Luciano's is certainly has an upscale feel but the vibe is very friendly, comfortable. When the water pouring/bus person stops and asks if I would like some bread while I wait for my take out, you know there's some good training going on.I ordered the carbonara with added grilled chicken. All was cooked appropriately and very flavorful.The bartender Jessenia was so welcoming and attentive.
4	Italian food. Great atmosphere. I was surprised by what they did with this space. The decor elevates it quite a bit. We had lunch here on an off hour, so the place was empty, but still the Caesar with chicken (my lunch go-to) was delish and the service was good.I can't speak to the pastas and other items yet. I will have to try them sometime. I never eat carbs at lunch time. :)I think this would be a great place for a date or even a corporate dinner.
5	We (my wife, daughter and son-in-law) went to Luciano on the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend. Arrived just before 1:00. We were the only table occupied. Uh-oh! But it turned out that the food was delicious and the service was perfect. The waiter asked a couple of times if the shrimp far diovolo would. be too spicy. Turned out it was flavoral spicey but not hot spicey - just wonderful. My daughter ordered the chicken picatta and it was great. A really great experience.
5	In my opinion one of the best Italian restaurants in Charlotte (and I have been to quite a few). My husband and I try and make it there once a month.Great service and a friendly staff. I love their patio. It is a great place to have some apps and a bottle of wine. I recommend their antipasto plate and the beef Carpaccio for appetizers. Their capellini bolognese is one of the better ones I have had. I think they need to do a better job of advertising that they are there because this is one of those places that should ALWAYS be packed!!
4	The ambience is good.  I ordered the John's steak and eggs for brunch.  It's delicious.
5	Great date night! The antipasto is fantastic and the homemade pastas are great.  The atmosphere is casual yet upscale.  Everything was delicious and authentic.
5	5 stars to me since it's been a challenge finding exceptional quality food establishments in NC. I know I'm a bit spoiled having lived in Chicago all my life and visited New York a few times for work. There's nothing wrong with having a high standard when it comes to nourishing your body with good food. Can I get an amen?!So far Luciano's has met my foodie expectations:1. Ambiance- romantic, classy, yet still good for a family dinner with little ones2. Decor- modern with traditional accents3. Service- courteous, attentive, and inviting4. Food- light but decadent enough to allow those Italian flavors to come through5. Value- a final bill for a family of six in the amount of $88!!!! It would have been higher if we would have ordered their seafood or angus steak plates. Next time.Our server Ronald went above and beyond attending to our table. Patient and attentive. He didn't up sell on any dish and pretty much told us we can't go wrong with anything in the menu. Overall, our plates ranged from individual pizzas, chicken under the oven, Fettuccini Alfredo, and chicken piccata, which we all loved. The bonus was making our daughters birthday dinner here more special by presenting her with a chocolate brownie with a side of ice cream. It was absolute bliss, according to my daughter. She gave me a bite (very tiny one) and I agree.Try this place. It's really good.
5	I had probably passed by Luciano's at least 100 times since they opened.  My original reaction being "humph, Italian" with no real interest to try it out.  Well, as luck would have it, a friend arranged a girl's dinner at Luciano's one evening and to my surprise(!), the dark, dank, old space that used to be home to La Paz was beautifully transformed - and BONUS, the food is off the chain!  A must try: the beef carpaccio.  It is the best I have ever had.  Ever.  I don't know what it is, maybe the crunchy little capers or the truffle oil (probably both), but dang... it's THAT good.  Plus, the service is attentive and balanced...the right amount of "5-star" without feeling like a fool if you accidentally use the wrong utensils.  I've since visited several times and have always enjoyed - thoroughly enjoyed - the meal & the experience.  And I must add, half price bottles of wine on Wednesday's.  Trust me, Luciano's is a worth a visit.
5	Excellent service and food. We sat on the patio and it was very well shaded even with the summer heat. Server was knowledgeable of the menu and wine list. We had the scallop crudo and several different entrees. Everyone was pleased with their selection - did have to send back salmon as it was very undercooked. Bread pudding for dessert was a great finale to the dinner. I would go back and I recommend this restaurant. (Chose the exterior for seating because the inside was frigid).
5	Amazing food! Love Love Love ! So happy they opened a location in Charlotte! Try grilled octopus! Pizza is amazing I love my Ceasar Salad Every friend I introduced this place to, loved it!
5	Awesome time! Had a wonderful male server! It was a delightful evening celebrating my fathers birthday with a delish, quality meal. Great experience! Def. coming back!
5	had the pleasure of going to this fine restaurant for the second time, both trips we had great food and  like the half price bottles of wine on wednesdays, had  the chance to taste a more expensive bottle for a good price, my next visit to charlotte i  will be back
3	Torn between 3 & 4 stars... truthfully the entire experience is more a 3.5 stars.I have read mostly great reviews on this place, and finally decided to give it a try yesterday (Sunday) late lunch/brunch. I made a RSVP on OpenTable (not because it's needed, since it was 2:30pm and virtually empty) which rewarded 100 points (if that's your thing). 1st impression: nice interior, very romantic chic with the white on white & dark wood floors look.We're sat immediately at a 4-top. Nice touch on the black napkin (all restaurants should use black napkins in my opinion). On Sundays they have the regular lunch menu and the brunch menu. My eyes went straight to the pan seared sea scallops with risotto ($16).Waiter came and greeted us. While he was very efficient and did a good job in general, he's a little "rough on the edges" for this place. Example 1: I asked for water. He walked away and 3 steps later he turned around and loudly asked "you want lemon?" I don't need lemon for my water, but he could have easily brought over water and provide a small dish of lemon wedges if he wasn't sure. It beats yelling back at me 3 big steps away. Example 2: I inquired about the portion of the sea scallops. He didn't know. But instead of saying "I'm sorry ma'am, I don't know but let me find out" and actually go and find out, waiter looked at me and said "well, I don't know, I don't normally do brunch shift." And by "let me go find out," he meant walked 4 steps over toward the hostess station and loudly asked the waiter that's standing across the half wall. Eventually he walked to the kitchen. Well, why didn't he just do that to begin with? Reality is the acoustics in this restaurant is amazingly loud. While there're only 2 other tables and a few patrons by the bar, it seems awfully ear piercing. I don't want to know how loud it can get when there's a full house.My scallop dish came with 3 large sea scallops cooked perfectly in texture (as in a little rare in the middle) but I think the char on the cooking pan wasn't cleaned out first, because it had a slight burnt taste to it. The risotto tasted good but a little undercooked for my liking. But the portion was good, and it made great leftovers. For the price I think it's a great deal.The pizza are $12 and was ok in size. Thin crust may be a better way to go ($11 instead) because the crust was a little on the doughy side.All in all I think the place has good potential. The side dining room can make a great private dining area. The ambience was good if not a little on the loud side. I probably will stick with the lunch/brunch visit for value reason. I will definitely want to try the seafood soup next time.Decor 4Food 3.5Service 3Value 4 (for brunch/lunch)
5	Staff was incredibly nice & helpful. Food came out fast & was delicious!! Atmosphere very nice & upscale ambiance. Def a new favorite and we will be back!
5	My brother and his wife took me here for driving them to the Charlotte Airport.  Paul was our waiter and did a great job. The food was phenomenal, some if the best Italian I have ever eaten. I had the chicken special over homemade basil pasta. My brother had fish that they deboned table side.  Great restaurant, great staff, great food.  Highly recommend.  I found them on yelp and hope you try them too.
5	Luciano's Ristorante Italiano food is amazing, their service is top of the line, and the market is full of delicious choices! Try them for catering too, you won't be disappointed!
4	4.5 Stars for me. It is so challenging to find a good italian restaurant in the Charlotte area. We got drinks (very fresh) and an appetizer (the calamari was excellent). I got the flat bread pizza with fresh mozzarella and basil. My husband got the chicken parm which was delicious. It should be noted that he is Italian so his family makes chicken parm all the time and he said this one was the best restaurant version he's ever had. We were both too stuffed to try dessert but will definitely try that next time. The service was great we had one waiter who took our order then another who kept our drinks filled. Also of note we went on a Friday night a little before the dinner rush (7 pm) as we had other plans for later. Overall a great experience and we will definitely be back.
5	Excellent food. The atmosphere was great but I felt really under dressed when I first walked in. I felt better when I noticed they were showing football and there were people wearing jerseys and whatnot. The food was amazing especially the bread which I'm almost positive they bake in their brick oven. The service was also incredible - our glasses were never empty and as soon as our food hit the table there was a server right there to offer is fresh grated parmesan or black pepper. I was only in town for 1 night for a concert in Charlotte but would definitely come back if I happen to be in the area!
4	I love Italian. And this was very good Italian....I was visiting Charlotte so I went for dinner. The Server was incredible. He was very attentive, knowledgeable, patient and full of good energy. He took my order, double checked on ingredients, and handled this dining experience with extra loving care. And even with a couple of food mishaps, he never missed a beat with service and a helpful attitude. I ordered the eggplant parma and it was flavorful and delish. My only issue, was the portion. I'm use to hearty portions at Italian spots so I had to order double the capellini pomodoro to get full. Overall, this one is a winner! Glad they have locations in Atlanta as well :)
5	This place was amazing and the food was delicious! Service was great and the waiter checked on us most of the time to make sure everything was okay. The Antipasti board was PHENOMENAL, and the Shrimp Fra Diavola was one of the best I've ever had. If you are in the mood for good Italian, definitely try this place out!
4	Love this restaurant. Delicious food and visually appealing. Only bad issue is parking. Extremely limited for the location. Too bad! :(
5	I will definitely be returning to Luciano's! I loved the ambiance, antipasti board and the service.
3	It's not the Italian I'm use to bring from Chicago. It was good, but nothing to brag about. Sauce tasted flavorless to us!
4	First and foremost Luciano's is a clean restaurant, with very fresh food and friendly staff. I have eaten here about 6 times. Our waiter claimed that the owner was a meat wholesaler and he had first crack at quality products. The Chicken Parma is the best I have ever had due to the freshness of the chicken and the preparation.I do have a problem with this place and several other "Italian" restaurants in Charlotte. The ownership group being from Latin America does a great job, but the red sauce here is not a priority for them. I love red sauce at Italian places and their red sauce is not great. Fiamma is also has Argentinian roots and does a bad job with the sauce.Also what Italian place have you ever heard of that puts sun dried tomatoes on the table in oil for dipping bread? In summary you will enjoy your meal here, but if you expect red sauce reminiscent of Italy, Boston, New York or Philadelphia.....your not going to get it.
2	We were a party of 6, 3 couples, one of them had been there before and highly recommended the restaurant. Service was excellent I will start with that, food on the other hand was very very disappointing. I had the ribeye, asked for it medium rare, they brought a piece of meat, that I am sorry to say seemed like it was cooked by a child. It was well done on the top side, and 3/4 on the bottom side, and now that I think about it, they did not bring out a rib eye, it seemed more like skirt to me. My fiancee had the lobster ravioli, the raviolis were fine but the sauce was extra salty, to the point where she was taking it off because it was unedible. A point to of view shared by the other people eating pasta. The manager was very thoughtful wishing to cook the plates for us again, but we kindly refused. I would not come here again, service was great, but someone in the kitchen needs a cooking lesson.
3	I was not impressed. Everything was just ok, and I expected a lot more. I went Monday night with a group of 10 people. First of all the waiter tried hard to sell us on everything, from the specialty drinks to dessert and coffee. This is great, except whenever the answer was no, he seemed upset and made a "joking" comment. It was very odd. Service was also very slow which I didn't understand because there wasn't much of a crowd there. It took about 10 minutes just to get more bread. As for the food - it was average for an Italian restaurant, so in my opinion, not worth the price. I had eggplant parm which was totally overcooked. The eggplant was pretty much mush, but the taste of the cheese and sauce was good. Oh I also had a chopped salad that would have been good but it was way over dressed. The general consensus around the table was that the food was good. But no one raved about it.I might return to try some appetizers because they looked pretty tasty. But I definitely won't be back for a full meal. Oh they also had an extensive wine list for the wine lovers out there. If thats something you would enjoy that would be a plus.
3	Walking into Luciano's was probably the best part of my dining experience. The staff was exceptional. They were courteous, and very attentive. The ambiance and decor of this place is great. It has a serene and romantic feeling. Our group of four adults and two kids was served properly by the waiting staff. The food was a different story. Two of us ordered the Shrimp Fra Diavolo and it was just OK, nothing great. The pasta was almost over cooked. One other guest in our party ordered the Chicken picatta which turned out to be the worst of the dishes served. The sauce was flavorless and the pasta was overcooked to the point it was getting mushy. The gnocchi dish was great according to our friend. It was the perfect texture and the sauce was well balanced. Luciano's has great potential, but there's just no excuse for overcooked pasta or average sauce, in an Italian restaurant. They have the service and good vibe part down, but the food is what I look forward to. I will be willing to give them a second try.
1	Had a late lunch at Luciano's - my first visit. Lovely decor, and the menu looked good. They offered a 3- course Salad-main-dessert at lunch for $12.95. The Cesar's salad was excellent - fresh crisp, lighted dressed and served on a chilled plate. Good start!However, the main course was a pasta dish that was inedible. And could I even find a waiter or bus boy to bring me salt & pepper? No. Finally the manager realized I wasn't eating and no one was around, so she asked me about the food, and quickly offered to bring me something else. That was classy. (Just for reference - I don't think I've EVER sent back a meal at a fine dining restaurant. I'm not that type of picky patron, but I just couldn't swallow this dish.) Unfortunately, even after the second main course arrived, I couldn't get my waitress' attention to get the check for what seemed like days.Between the dreadful pasta and the poor service, I doubt I'll ever be back in spite of the fact that I give the Manager kudos for handling a difficult situation gracefully.
5	I had extremely professional service! Great recommendations and wonderful food!  Atmosphere was very attractive and clean!  I will go back!
