5	This upscale Biltmore bar invested six figures on televisions in the bar. The drinks and food are pricey - but you're in the middle of the Biltmore. Whaddaya expect. The waitstaff is attractive...no...fuckin hot is a better description.The place is pretty crowded for happy hour and during lunch but it's a great place to catch a game. They have three private rooms that are first come first served. These rooms are set up just like your house - you know with your leather couches and huge flatscreen TVs and the hot chic giving you beers.
4	I guess this is one of the better sports bars in the Biltmore area but I still think it misses something... the bar is a great place to watch a game, but the main dining room lacks seats so that everyone can see the game.  While there are lots of TV's they tend to be on one wall so only half the table can see them...The fat tire and Pyramid everyday beer special is great and the pictures on the walls are awesome... the food is decent... but I still think there could be more...PS... the video in the bathroom is hilarious!!!
4	What more does a guy need than a basket of chicken wings and a Suns game at any angle?Happy hour is great but it gets crowded during games so it's a good bet to get there early. If you can score one of the private rooms, most definitely do so.
3	I checked out Half Moon on a Saturday afternoon to watch the SEC championship game. It seems as if the LSU alumni association chapter out here has a deal that they get one of the back rooms for game watching which is pretty cool (I'm not an LSU alum or a SEC fan...go Big 10!). The back room is pretty small, but it was the perfect size for the amount of LSU fans that showed up. Our waitress was not very good at all. She never came back with ketchup after a friend asked for it. My table started with chips and queso as an appetizer.  The queso was pretty disgusting in my opinion and the chips were a tad too salty for my taste.  My BLT wrap was OK. The bacon was pretty well done like I requested, but the lettuce and tomato definitely dominated the sandwich. The beers were pretty cheap which I liked. The one thing I didn't understand was that the waitress requested a credit card from each of us upon our first order to start a tab.  I haven't encountered that in other restaurants so it threw me off guard.  I didn't even get an option of paying cash, as everything was charged to my card when the bill came out.The actual restaurant area was a bit small, but the bar area was good sized. There was a nice outdoor patio with a fire pit as well. I would definitely go check it out again for happy hour, but probably not another sporting event.
4	Boy-o, have I've put in some good hours here at The Half Moon, particularly because many of my friends-slash-footie-teammates are servers, bartenders, and managers and insist that we drink their booze whilst we watch them work, i suppose. Inevitably, this ends up as a free-for-all alcohol orgy that will always involve several Mechiladas (they will make em for you if you write the recipe down on a napkin with the special, final ingredient being "lots of love" as a reminder not to forget the extra love that goes into a perfect Mechi), some chick-shots that sadly include Red Bull and something else equally garish so that it tastes like almost-flat Squirt, a death swig of Wild Turkey out of the fanciest slingback shoe in the group (If you do two consecutively, we call it a "Bingo-Bango"), several double-tall Vodka/Soda/Lemons, 250 Parliament Ultra Light cigarettes, and a single Chicken Caesar Wrap.By this time, I am usually craning my neck to see the HM's awkwardly placed LCD screens and drunkenly rambling very loudly about how "Tim Duncan can suck my cock" (2005), or how "Nowitzki can suck my cock" (2006), or how "I wish I had multiple cocks so the whole city of San Antonio can suck my cocks and then beat David Stern with them about the neck and chest until he begged for clemency from my multiple cock beat-down" (2007).Anyway, this location is a decent spot for some casual game-watching, but IMO, not for the nexus of critical game watching, like your alma mater playing your sister-kissin rivals from that fucktarded state to the (east/west/south/north).  My buddies and I particularly like catching the US Men's National (soccer) Team here -- once they even put it on the Mexican Channel to enhance the excitement!  Later arriving patrons seemed very cautious and confused upon entry, but felt the Sunday mechilada love as we put a "Dos-a-uno" mudholing on 'El Pinche Tri' (Mexican MNT).  The staff here is friendly enough to put it on any channel you'd like too -- I've had to specially request the Titans game on a few occasions (why the fuck doesn't anyone like to watch Tennessee, anyway?) without any kind of eye-rolling despair from the bartenders/servers.Its also surprisingly entertaining as a pre-bars destination or even before that for Happy Hour.  The mood is more "lounge" than "sports bar"  One thing I always thought was unusual, however, was the lack of taps.  I mean, there is no draft beer at all.  And their Mexican Beer selection could use a little upgrading from the college selections (Corona, Dos XX) to the big boys (Negra Modelo, Bohemia).Otherwise, this is a pretty cool bar in a typically stuffy part of town.
3	I thought I'd review this place as I've been watching soccer games here. This is a sports bar. There are a million screens to watch all kinds of sports on from all different spots. The place is fairly large, with 2 bars, booths and tables, an outdoor seating area with misters and TVs, and some back rooms that seem to have enormous TVs set up. I've sat at the bar all times I've been (during the day) and have received pretty prompt service. They only have 1 beer on tap, and not a huge selection, which seems strange for a sports bar. Their food is also mediocre at best; I had a salad that was only OK, and boneless chicken wings that were less than OK. The real draw here is all the sports broadcasting. They had both soccer games up on screens next to each other last time I went, so we could easily go back and forth between the games. I would say that this is the bar's redeeming quality.Pros: Good place to WATCH sports, lots of TVs           Friendly serversCons: Food and beer
3	This place is ok....average...nothing you haven't seen before.  It's your typical sports bar restaurant.  They have a lot of TVs which makes sports watching great.  It's extremely LOUD.  The prices for food are typical for this type of establishment.  Service has always been good here.  I wish they had something unique about the place.....like a menu item, a drink, or even a happy hour special.  Unfortunately, they don't....it's your typical sports bar restaurant....   Which is too bad because the location is great.
4	I recently hosted an alumni event here and they did a wonderful job of accommodaing us! Katie, the manager, was very helpful even though it was pretty busy.  A lot of televisons makes it great to go and watch games. A very nice bar area, however, I do wish they had more beer selections. Kid friendly, too, which is key. Great place to host an event. Hoping we go there every week!
3	Does the New Times have a better opinion than me?  That was the question I tried to answer when I went here to try out the wings.  The New Times Best of Phoenix declared this restaurant as having the best wings, so I had to check it out.*Side note* I used to regularly hang out at the Half Moon on Bell when I lived up in that big box/corporate chain infused section of town.  We went almost every weekend to partake in their real long island iced teas for $2.50 and enjoyed it despite it being a sports bar (we are not sports fans).  The food was pretty good and the booze even better.Back to the review - It's a nice sports bar that manages to accomodate a plethora of sports fans with an insane number of TVs.  The hostess even asks which team you are trying to watch so that she can seat you accordingly.  Because we were there for the food, and not the sports, we were seated immediately and without hassle.  Luckily, we happened to sit near the TVs playing the Bills, so we payed a little bit of attention.You can order the wings by poundage - 1/2, 1, or 2 - not by number of wings, which was a little confusing for us.  We're used to ordering a dozen per person if it's the meal, half for an appetizer.  Because neither of us were overly hungry ,we ordered 1 pound medium with a side of hot.  What we got was 9 wings without sauce and a side of "hot sauce" for $9. That's right, $1 per wing.  I already felt hosed, but I was willing to forgive the price for the allegedly best wings in Phoenix.No sauce on the wings.  They were cooked crispy as we asked them to be, and they were somewhat meaty.  The side of "hot sauce" was a small container of gelatinous chili sauce, like the stuff they give to you at Asian restaurants. No flavor, just hot.Luckily, the Long Island Iced Tea was just as tasty as I remember, otherwise I would have left very unhappy.  I wouldn't make a point of going here for wings.  They aren't even as adequate as the "good" wings I've found in Phoenix.  But for all of you non-purists, they do have BBQ, Thai Peanut and other flavors.Oh yeah, I forgot about the statement on the menu that claims that separate checks "MASSIVELY" slows down the service. Really? Seriously?  This isn't a problem at many restaurants at which I have attended with a large group.  This isn't really conducive to a sports bar, as far as I'm concerned.  Wouldn't it be wonderful to meet a bunch of friends to watch your favorite team and not have to worry about separate checks "MASSIVELY" slowing down your service?  Don't try it here, they warn you against it before you even order food.
4	This was the first bar I was taken to when I moved down to Phoenix. I love all the bartenders, very nice, and I thought the wings and food was delicious. Honestly my favorite thing on the menu is their grilled cheese. I got it one night when I wasn't that hungry and it comes on this buttery ciabatta bread with their AMAZING french fries. The only down side is they only have 1 draft beer. Everything else is bottles. But awesome happy hour ($5 bombers, 1/2 price apps) and great TV setups.
2	guys wearing sports jerseys, beaters, and baseball caps on backwards yelling "YEEEAH!", etc.... oh Lord, save me... WHAT was I thinking allowing the hubby to talk me into lunch here on a lovely summer afternoon??? OK,OK, I admit I found my self thinking that my reaction was a bit snobby (maybe it's my age....?) but yuck, who wants to yell over the televisions to talk to the person next to you?? I'm tellin' ya, they are loud. Food-wise, I should have stuck to typical bar food and maybe I would have had better luck, because the big pretzel was tasty; traditional chewy with coarse salt. The salad with tri-tips was a dissappointment...actually the salad part was fine - fresh romaine and avocado, but the tri-tip was dry and tough and the balsamic dressing on the side was an overly-sweet, gelatinous blob (truly weird). As the hubby pointed out, what was I thinking ordering salad at a sports bar?? If you are really looking to watch TV sports and drink beer... I guess this place would be fine. For LUNCH...waaaay better choices out here.
3	You gotta love a good sports bar, and Half Moon is a pretty good one. They have tons of tv's, decent food and a pretty good beer selection. If I were only going there for that, I'd rate it a star higher, but we meet at Half Moon on occasion to geek out and use the free wifi. Unfortunately the last time the wifi was spotty and almost non-existent. I kept getting dropped making it difficult to accomplish what I'd met there to accomplish. We gave up and left after a while, but I was disappointed. Might have to stick to just sports for this bar.
4	Sliders & drinks, a regular here (well at least up until I moved back to LA)  :)  Crowd is young & energetic, GREAT sports bar during NFL and Bball season.  GO SUNS!!!  There are small alcoves good for private gatherings which can accommodate varying sizes of groups.  Just call ahead they'll make it happen.
3	I love the theme of this place and think it could definitely be a national chain. I use to go up to the north Phoenix location back in the day for their cheap Long Island Ice teas and great food, and all their big screen TV's to watch all the games on.The service at this location is great but the food is not what it is at their northern location and I think it is a little pricier because they are so close to the Biltmore. They also don't have the Long Islands!!In any event if you want to have a chill place to watch the game I would definitely advise going here for drinks. Would probably opt out on the food...they are a bit off if you have eaten at any of there other locations.
1	The service is typically bad and they didn't put the ASU football game on for us.
3	This place confuses me.  You walk in, and think that this is a pretty decent sports bar.  Then you get up to go the bathroom, and see all the hidden rooms and lounge areas.  I don't understand it, is it for the people who get bucket of beer service?  Why do you need to section it off?  Is it a club later at night?Food was pricier than it should have been for a half-assed sports bar.  And there was no creativity in the menu, which there should be for the prices!  This place gets a pass.
4	Ain't no thang like a damn good chicken wang.I love watching football here. They are carefully sectioned off so you can sit with your team. It's pretty crowded on Sundays but the service is great. With great game day specials, it makes it easy on the wallet to order wings. their awesome seasoned french fries, burgers (are half off on weekends) and end everything with their better-than-Oreganos cookie pie.I know cookie pies are the thing but this place really knows how to make girls fat. Cooked in a skillet, the dough is still gooey in the center and topped with delicious vanilla ice cream. I just drooled on the keyboard typing this.Come on down to Half Moon to cheer on your favorite sports team!
2	A large group of us, 20 to 25 + people showed up a few nights ago. Half Moon is surprisingly large. As another poster said there are hidden rooms and lounge areas off nearly every dining area. Fortunately it's easy enough to find your way around. Lighting was dim. Music was a little loud though; I don't think the sound on the TVs were even on. Even when people were in there for the game (which was that evening) it wasn't overly noisy. It was though hard to hear one another in our room which surprised me as our room separated us from the rest of the restaurant.They have a good beer selection and beer-food. I had a simple appetizer, the burgers my friends had smelled delicious (bbq sauce, cheese and bacon, yum!) and the wings looked decent enough but a lot of the food seemed over priced to me. $4.50 for edamame in a bowl similar in size to a Like It from Cold Stone....Also, while their bathrooms were great looking (very clean which is always nice) I was extremely surprised that none of the stalls had a hook for a purse of a jacket. I'm glad I left my purse at my table, I'm not a fan of sitting it on a public bathroom floor but I had to throw my jacket over the stalls door and while that doesn't bother me greatly, I'd much rather have it hanging in my stall.I've been to better sports grills (Goldies, Fox, Zipps) but I've been to worse.
1	My friends and I are happy hour regulars around Central Phoenix.  We're always in search of a good deal and good food/drinks.  The good deal was found at Half Moon... the good food was NOT.  We ordered 4 appetizers to share during our recent happy hour, and I was completely underwhelmed.  The pretzel - the high point of the apps. Simple, tasty.  Perhaps a little too salty, but nonetheless, yummy.Chips with queso - Queso?  Really?  More like microwaved Velveeta with some salsa stirred in.  Just screamed "processed food".  There are so many places with a quality queso dip around - Half moon should ask for a recipe suggestion.Boneless wings - Not bad.  Fairly tasty little nuggets.  Unfortunately, there were only about 6 tiny little pieces.  They obviously price them high to make up for your happy hour savings.Frito/Chili Nacho thing - Really? That's IT? Just a handful of Fritos with some seemingly canned chili poured over the top.  SO boring. Half Moom: Please, please, please... don't rely on your happy hour prices and big tvs to bring people back.  Without decent food, I definitely have no incentive to return.
5	Any of the Valley's Half Moons have better food and drinks than any other sports bar. Great place to watch UFC!
2	How I write Yelp reviews, by Andrew K. Fromaz. (this IS my real name. my real nom de plume)I start out by identifying an establishment I vaguely want to try, and finding an occasion or reason to go there.  In this case, a fellow Yelper Christina P set up a special Happy Hour event on a Friday at Half Moon Sports Grill on Highland.  I'd been to Half Moon before, and it was not exactly on my list of places to hurry back to and try again, for reasons which will gradually become evident...I get to the restaurant, and go in, briefly (if at all) taking note of the decor, the attitude of the staff I encounter along the way, the crowd, the music playing, occasionally the lighting... anything that jars or that i happen to notice that i like.  This is how I (and anyone else fortunate enough to have full use of their five senses) determine the "vibe" of a place.  Half Moon seems like a typical upper-tier sports bar, pleasant hostess, apparently clean, lots of big TVs, small booths...  Nothing not to like, honestly.  The "vibe" is that this is a pretty nice place.  I sit down and look over the menu, searching for anything that particularly catches my interest.  I'm not a picky eater, so usually I have a hard time narrowing it down to one thing.  The first time I was here, I was pretty hungry, so the blue cheese burger caught my eye.  On a more recent visit, appetizers were on Happy Hour so I tried a few of those.  Here's the bottom line.  None of it was very good.  Like, I would actively avoid eating any of the food again.  The pretzel, which was recommended, was dry inside and oily outside - like it had been coated with some form of fake butter.  The burger was only ok.  The boneless wings were the only thing that I would order again (I think we got medium?)Anyway, over the course of the visit I put together all of these impressions and write a review, usually deciding whether or not I'll return.  Sorry, Half Moon, I want to love you, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
2	I've been here several times and have never had a great experience, but never a bad one either. My last trip turned it into a "very poor" rating. The food is only sub par and the service is average. My last visit had me really put off while I listened to a half dozen or so staff members have conversations about their "stupid ass hole boss" and one bartender actually told a colleague that she wished her boss would die. I don't care what your opinion of your boss is, but I don't want to listen to your drama while I eat. I was really tempted to write the management about this but then I thought I'd just quit going here because really it kind of sucks.
4	I'm down wit the half moon, happy hour that is. The prices are right and the food was good. I like that you can tuck away if you want. I love the ample parking and the outside seating. It's clean and classy yet you could cut loose if ya wanted to. Some good eats are the Honey Chipotle boneless wings, sweet with a kick nice crunch to them as well. Also a must try is the Buffalo chicken dip scrumptious!I was here in the evening last year with Cedric the entertainer. I have known him for years and he did the after party at the half moon. That was my first experience there. I like the half moon. Guys can hang at the bar or around the pool table. They have big screens everywhere and a dance floor for the ladies. Regular prices are a little high but happy hour fits my budget. I am going there tomorrow for a little Happy time ya know. I would give 5 stars but the regular prices are a little steep for me. What can I say I guess I'm just a cheap skate or date. : ) Hey people we are in a recession!
3	Went here for the Suns game - plenty of TV's. Food was okay and it was 1/2 off burgers and wings on the weekends. $5.40 for a burger and fries is definitely a plus. $3 Tecate is okay too, especialy when you want to support a mexican beer at an american bar.Anyhow, I would check it out for a weekend game if I were you.
3	I can't believe I had not reviewed this place yet. Before I got all moved to PHX officially, I would stay at a hotel right across the street (practically in the lobby). When in the mood for a cool adult libation, and when the walk to Chili's just seemed too much that day, I would head here. While I can't speak to their food since all I have ever had to eat there is some chips and salsa or the olives in a bloody mary or extra dirty martini. I can speak to the service, the mood/ambiance and the facilities. Everyone there from servers to patrons were always very nice and down to earth. I enjoyed watching whatever sporting event was showing at the time. And the fire pit they have outside is so nice on a nice spring/winter night. They always had a food or beverage special going on. I thought it was perfect after a long day.
4	Went to Half Moon for an @SMCPhoenix after party.The room we were put in was nice and large, and basically private.Our waitress, Claire, was very attentive and personable.Good selection of beers available. I opted for the Blue Moon, because I am partial to hefeweizens. It didn't disappoint.I wasn't extremely hungry, so I looked to their appetizer choices. I ordered the garlic breadsticks.Wow. They were FUCKING AMAZING!!!!!!The garlic had a particular sweetness, and the cheese was slightly gooey, but not like napalm on your tongue.The sauce was pretty good too, but I was so focused on the breadsticks, I couldn't say for sure.They easily made a meal. I was full, and happy.The location of this establishment dictates I won't be back often, but I will back.
1	The service here is not the problem, nor is the the saturation of tv's (quite impressed with the fireplace screen) it's the bad food.  How can you mess up nachos and pretzels? They serve these appetizers with a bland cheese and the salsa is also bland!  The calamari..... No comment at this point... With all this bad food they also lack beers, nothing more than your average domestics. Maybe if the parking was better I would give you the second starDefinitely no baby making here :(
4	Probably the best Half Moon location in town! Everyone's gotta love a good sports bar. This one is centrally located, close to my gym and set up nicely. They recently, well within the last year, renovated their patio, it needed it! They have a fun fireplace in the order, high top tables, a pool table and new flat screen tv's out there now. Inside, the bar is big, tons of TVs and a private room that you can reserve for you and your friends for less distraction while watching the game or fight. **They don't charge for Pay-Per-View fights!!! :-) As I said in my review of other Half Moon's their food is really good for bar food and they have some of the best fries I have found in this state. I also recommend the Long Island Iced Tea, be careful though, more than two and you will be on your ass.
4	Went to Half Moon to watch the UFC fights and thought it was a great set up. Rather than seating you in a random place they ask what event you're watching so they can place you with the same fans and sporting event. The food was bar food, but their burgers are half priced $4 on Saturday and Sunday all day so not bad. It's a huge establishment but fills up quick so get there early.
4	Seeing as how i work about 14 seconds away from this place, I'm here a few times per week.  The menu is pretty good.  Lots of TVs.  It was awesome for World Cup Soccer this summer, great for Baseball all season and packed for Football in the fall.  Great patio... nice fire pit in the fall.  The best part about the half moon is the staff...  Chelsea, Liz, Candy & Courtney behind the bar are absolutely fantastic.  The servers are all also excellent.  Thanks to the ladies at Half Moon for making this bar better than average.
4	This place gets the nod whenever I feel the urge to watch my sporting event amongst drunken strangers.  The screens are nice, plentiful and accommodating.  And the clincher is that this place has the best food of the sports bar category.
4	I first learned about Half Moon when my barber told me he goes there to watch the UFC fights because they don't charge a cover.  The fact that they even show the fights was all I needed to hear, because I still haven't found a bar I like where I can watch them.Now, having been there, I can say I'd probably go there again, even if it weren't for the UFC fights.  It's a well-kept sports bar, with TVs galore, pretty decent bar food, and attentive service.  Whether it be for a beer with friends, or to watch sports on the weekend, I would definitely recommend checking this place out.  It seems to fill up quickly, though, so get there early if you're going for a particular game/fight.
4	THIS PLACE IS GREAT! Not only did they have a ton of tv's but the happy hour prices are great! The food is delicious, and the servers friendly and happy. A group of us went for the Univ. of Washington game and they were fabulous to us. Greatly accommodating, and very friendly. LOVED that they put the sound on pretty high for us and our server even joined in for some boo's and cheers. Definitely planning on going back!
3	Food is great, but I usually go for the drinks. All is well unless you go on a Friday after work because they are never prepared for the number of customers they have, resulting in rather slow service, or if you get the male bartender. If he is "serving" you, you better order all your drinks for the night the first time he asks what you want. It will be the only time.
3	Not fine dining but really good bar food. Sports bar with patio pool table. Sweet attentive waitresses/ bartenders. The hot wings are fabulous - not breaded.  Sauce has heat but doesn't over power (if you like it hot) and is quite tasty So good I had to get a second order.  Prime rib sliders are good. Angus burger too. Nice crowd. Reasonably priced.
4	Awesome after 10! REVERSE HAPPY HOUR.  The food they serve for H/H is HUGE portions. UFC is also shown here, no cover, but they kinda rape you on the drinks during the fight... 4.50 for a blue moon.... BUT they also discount the burgers half price... Do the research. call or check the site or fb for specials, or sign up for the email list.  I say, CHECK IT OUT!!!
4	I may have been in a really good mood when I went here in November, but I really liked this place.  The parking situation during Happy Hour is not so good, but we made do parking across the street.The only thing I've had is appetizers and there was this cream cheese and chicken dip served with a huge bowl of tortilla chips for 5 bucks that is to die for.  I believe my 2 beers were about $2 bucks, but I don't really remember because I was watching my Chargers beat San Francisco.For a sports grill, they made it so even if you were in the bathroom you would not miss any of the game.  Gotta love a T.V even in the girls restroom.  Nice!
4	Yet another good establishment within stumbling distance for me.I first went there to see a UFC fight (no cover). I was surprised at the drink specials, the lively crowd, and the good service despite the place being packed to the rafters. Each time I've been back since I've been pleased. The 2-for-1 burgers on the weekends is a stunning deal.Compared to the Armadillo Grill (just about a quarter mile away) this place is more fancy with a better-dressed though less-colorful crowd. It also lacks the Armadillo's off-track-betting and that certain charming dive-y flavor.Not my favorite sports bar in the area, but a nice destination nonetheless.
4	Love the happy hours and the proximity to my workplace... though I would probably go there for their deliciously crispy fries even if I didn't work nearby. The outdoor fire has been perfect these last few weeks, and the waitresses are accommodating and nice to large groups of people with separate tabs. I really enjoyed the beer suggestion the bartender made for me (from SanTan Brewery), and appreciated that she was trying to help keep it local.
1	Went there last Friday night around 9:30 as I was staying in a local hotel and a Sports Bar close by seemed a no brainer. Boy was I wrongPositive first; really good service by our waitress, lots of TVs OK atmosphere.The negative; Only 4 beers on tap in a Sports Bar (are you nuts)The food was horrible and overpriced. How do you mess up nachos? The worst I have ever had; left most there. Tasteless burgers, Calamari chew toys, and so it went. The only thing edible was the fries. Too bad, because this place has real potential, but crappy overpriced food and an extremely limited draft selection overrides atmosphere and service.
3	Had a few beverages and the Buffalo Chicken appetizer while watching some hockey.  The beer selection was pretty good and I was impressed with the Buffalo Chicken.  Instead of a over creamed chili pepper dip what you get is more fresh chicken with buffalo seasoning which I would definitely eat again.  They are also able to vary the heat of the dish for varying tastes.
3	So this is mine and my bfs go to bar for UFC fights and sporting events. The service has always been decent if not GREAT. The amount of TVs and the set up gives this place the potential to be one of the top sports bar in the Biltmore area if..... the food and beer selection kicked it up a few notches. I was going to give this bar more than 3 stars but after reviewing why other yelpers gave Half Moon a low star rating it reminded me of my first here and why I was disappointed in this place. I guess over time I have adjusted my view since it is the only bar I know of who shows the UFC fights in the area. I can say over the past 3 years the food has improved some, but the establishment could really beef up the number of beers they have on tap
3	this place has some serious potentional. the tv's are set up perfect including in the bathrooms. i would definitely give this place 5 stars if they had higher quality food and more selection of beers on tap and liquors. i've tried getting crown royal cask no 16, jack daniels honey, kracken, captain morgan private stock, jack daniels single barrel but they don't any of them. half moon hello!!!! not everyone wants to drink bottom shelf or bottom of the barrel liquor. please fix these 2 problem so i can give another review and it be 5-stars
4	guys this is one of the few places that pays attention to their customers and listens to what they write on here. they are definitely stepping their game up adding more great food to their menu and also expanding their selection of fine top shelf liquors. this place is becoming more of a place that i want to have a casual drink at even if they don't have a football game or a ppv fight and thats what i thought  was lacking before. keep up the great work clay!
2	Went here for a fantasy draft the other night and was dissapointed. I have gone to Half Moon a bunch of times now and I have to say the service trys their best and the food is typical pub grub. Tonight I was really surprised to see that my drinks were very watered down.I expect that on a busy night the service may be a tad off. And I don't expect a 5 star meal at a sportsbar. The 2 stars are for the one thing that Half Moon should never have a problem with, making a drink. I like Half Moon because they are close by, but I may have to make the extra trip to Zipps this football season.
1	Won't be going here again. Made the cardinal sin of brining a coffee to an early game. Denied entry. Last time I go with friends on a Sunday and spend $200 at Half moon. Zipps it is!!!
2	Came here with some co-workers.  Wanted something else besides my usual salad. I opted for the Prime Rib Sliders...they were not good.  They were cold and when I told the bartender he set them right back.  So the customer service was great, but even warm they were just not good.  Definately not worth the $16.00 plus tip I had to pay.  Guess I will have to stick to salads if I go back, at least that is suppose to be cold :)
4	Our family dined at lunch on a Tuesday when the number of patrons was rather limited. We were greeted by a friendly hostess at the door and promptly seated. The wait staff was also prompt and attentive. I enjoyed a 1/2 sandwich and soup that was just right for lunch. One person in the group ordered a soup that was a bit more spicy than she liked and, as promised, the waiter promptly replaced it with another soup that was quite satisfactory.All the food was prepared and presented properly and in food that was to be hot was hot and cool was cool.Being a sports grill there are several televisions around when it's game time. The place was clean and inviting. I would recommend giving this place a try.
2	Ya know, I really had a good time at the beginning.  I went after a nice round of golf and it started out fine. Had a few apps and plates of food, a few beers, and the food came out tasting really well.  Then we moved to a pool table because my buddy's girlfriend came to meet up with us, and she had been babysitting the other buddy's daughter. So now we have three guys, two girls, and a three year old.  There is hardly anyone else in the bar, and we still had to walk up to the bar to get service. Annoying.  We got tired of the pool table and lack of service so we went to the bar to close out. This place charges $15 to rent the billiard balls. Are you effing kidding me??? In an empty bar, you are going to charge people to stay and hang out for a bit to play some pool? If the bartender had told us it was going to cost $15 we would have left. Two stars, only because the food was decent.
5	I am not much of the sports bar type. But after one experience here I was amazed. The service is great and they offer free pick up and drop off shuttle service within a five mile radius so no holding back necessary
1	This was my first and only visti to this sports grill.  Went there for lunch today and I will never ever go back.  Unless you are a male or have a male in your party good luck getting any service.  The men got refills on their drinks four or five time, my female cowork and I had to ask for the one refill that we did get.  The men got their food in a timely manner, we had to ask how much longer for our food, maybe she didn't put our order in right away.  We both had burgers and needless to say they were nothing great.  The bun used on the burger takes away from all the other flavors in the burger.  The food was just plain, When we were done eating I had to go find our serve to get our check.  We spent almost an hour in this place and it wasn't very busy.  All the other tables seated after us were empty and cleaned up and we still had our dirty dishes sitting there.  Again, not a good place for two females to got grab a bite at.
4	I went here last Friday and the bartenders/waitresses were pretty and very attentive, the food was good and the people were friendly.  It's a little pricey compared to other places I have visited in Phoenix and their draft beer selection is very limited but overall this is a great place to have a couple of beers.
3	Good service. A lot of tvs everywhere to watch games. The bathroom had no toilet paper and I had to tell them they ran out. Tuscan Sandwich is good
2	Food is blah.  Maybe because I went for the seafood dishes in the middle of the desert... service is good, so is the beer.  Atmosphere is nice outside (except for the smokers)... the only real complaint was the food - which is.... you know.... kinda important.
1	Staying at the Homewood Suites across the parking lot. Wanted to watch the Kings game, so, how perfect was this! Walked inside...they were busy, but not slammed. Waited, waited and waited. Counted about 6 servers walking around...no host?? Walked down to the bar......no contact.... Well...that's about enough of that!!  Walked right out!!I'm patient...but...common!! You got a bus running around town to pick people up, but, don't bother with the ones that walk through the door!!
3	The long islands are strong, and a great deal during happy hour. This place is just your typical sports bar with typical pub food. It's a little fancier, I'd say, compared to other sports places, but still casual. Waitresses in tiny outfits serve you beer and food, and pics of sexy bodies (women) in sports gear or holding a football let you know this is a great place for dudes! I'm just not that into sports so this place is just average and predictable. But honestly, if you love watching a game, good beer and drink specials, and want to nibble on some buffalo chicken dip this is your place.
4	We came to Half Moon Sports Grill to watch the UFC Fight. It's a nice big place, yet we had to get there early since it filled up quick. The place is fun, the girls wear short skirts and knee socks. They have a full list of local beers in bottles and on draft. They boast a monthly special, which July's is a burger for 1/2 price if you buy a drink. That's almost $4.50 for a giant burger with fries. Unfortunately I was full from lunch and did some light snacking with my beer drinking. First up, I wanted the Watermelon Wheat - Perfect for any hot Arizona day (which is most of them) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#MrdXI7O_NSKVvqgGTcIYOAThen, the Dirty Guera Blonde Ale, because I love blonde ales and cute names. It was great and encouraged us to visit Nimbus the next day! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#5nzmTTMOmGj_sVIxkTM51QIn between, we ordered a couple appetizers, a gigantic pretzel that was served with both queso and mustard. I love to dipp! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#lMQuuVAuKQAL-RKfEYkPWg And my guy ordered the Prime Rib Sliders (4) served with carmalized onions, french dip sauce and horseradish. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#seP7cR-l6f3xjnJtzFQIxA That was a meal in itself, really. For Dessert, I ordered the White Chocolate Ale which was by far the most dessert tasting beers I have ever tried. It was so much like a sweet white chcolate, you really need to savor every sip. If you see this anywhere, order it and thank me later. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iB9By3dVS6BydSUiDHxLyw?select=0TZG-EndU48FUsm_K39bmQ#1jzaMBgdEa9YyVasa8rukQAfter all that, I needed a couple sugar free Red Bulls to snap myself back in action. We had a fight to watch and I was not going to be the first to TAP OUT.
5	Best Bloody Mary bar in town.. in season has been a great place for early football and Mary's.. service is great and food always looks fabulous..
4	Great for football but usually packed to the gills. Food is usually great and a decent price.
2	Food is decent sports bar food.  Dissappointing is the staff.  They appear to not want to be there.  Not friendly or smiling.  Usually grouped together chatting.  I like neighborhood sports bars to be that, neighborhood feel.  Also dissappointing were the draft beer choices, only 3.  They have a wide variety of beers but in cans and bottles.  I've been to half moon about five times now, same experience.
4	I was looking for somewhere to host a business meeting for an alumnae group. I need to seat about 20 people and was working off of a very minimal budget. After doing some research on Yelp and calling around to a few places, I decided to go with Half Moon. I've never been here before so I was a little weary about it in the back of my mind because their reviews were just average.However, I'm very happy with the way the event went and with their service. Their Platinum room was pretty spacious. It can probably fit as most around 35 people. There is one large screen in the room and several flat screens. The room was free to rent and they required no down payment (huge bonus!). We had a PowerPoint presentation that we wanted to display and had brought the wrong cable. Luckily, someone (the manager?) helped us out and located the right cable for us, what a life saver! I ordered about $50 worth of food during Happy Hour and it was the perfect amount to feed 20 guests, some who came straight from work and didn't have dinner yet. We had one waitress assisting us but that's all we needed. She was very quick and efficient. The food was pretty good for bar food, nothing spectacular, maybe a little on the pricey side too. I ordered off of their starter menu and got some wings.While the room is private, it was still pretty loud. I understand that there was Football going on so they were pretty packed. I would keep this in mind as you're booking the room. If you're looking for something quieter, this may not be your place.The parking situation is kind of a bummer. I arrived at 6 and the lot closest to them was full. I finally figured out where their other lot is and parked there. It's a little bit of a walk though. They're tucked away in between all these office buildings so the parking is pretty strict too.I don't live near this area so I don't see myself really coming back but I had a great experience and appreciate their hospitality.
1	I have been punishing myself going to this place for years because my friends go there to watch football. Today, was the last time, ever! Walked into the bar area and waited for 15 minutes before I finally flagged the bartender down. Then we she walked over she gives me attitude, I wasn't the one talking to my coworkers ignoring everyone at the bar, why should I get attitude? I told her I wanted to order something off of the breakfast menu and she informed me they stop serving at 12:00 (it was 12:08) so I replied,  "if she had asked me what I wanted to order  when I came in it would have been before noon." Her reply'" I guess, I can go ask them if they can still make something." She returned about 5 minutes later and said if I ordered immediately  they would do it, so I did. About 5 minutes past that, the manager came up to me and told me "Sorry, they had just thrown all the breakfast away." Customer service at its' finest, let me tell ya ! It's not like she doesn't know me, its' not like I'm some grease ball who doesn't tip, I actually over tip.  I think it's telling as you read these reviews, you pretty much get the same subject through all of them, good food, good facilities, TERRIBLE SERVICE !  If I were the management or ownership of this bar I'd be reading these reviews, because your staff just lost my business !Only reason it is getting one star is because the review won't post without it !
3	I have a new reason to appreciate V necks.  WARNING showing up on Saturday wearing the wrong shirt may result in uncomfortable stares from rival college alumni, which may ruin anything you eat.  The food was good enough, one and half grade above your stadium fare, and even better when your is team winning.  The $3 draft from local only beers is AMAZING, I recommend the Lumberyard Porter paired with anything.The staff attentive staff, enough to know when you need something and when to leave you alone to watch the game.  I recommend to bring your team friends.  There are large secluded regions and the  restaurant will meet your TV demands.  Stop by during game time and everything else will take care of itself.  This of course  assumes your team is not a heart breaker.  AKA the
2	It's ok... Took ten mins to get a beer.  Great Happy Hour prices!
4	The mimosa bar on Sundays is tasty and inexpensive. I haven't had the food, but this appears to be a classic sports bar.
2	Have been going to Half Moon for years but today is the last time.  I ordered the grilled cheese with a slice of tomato and my guest had the bacon cheeseburger.  I had to search for the cheese on my grilled cheese and you could read through the slice of tomato because of the thinness.  The only thing good was the bread and the fries.  We were surprised at the size of the cheeseburger; it was half the size of the bun. The burgers used to be good size.  This is probably great for sports watching but for business lunch - I would pass on Half Moon.Our server was really sweet and efficient but the service was VERY SLOW (don't think it was the fault of the server).
3	So what can I say. After searching for a spot near my family's home to watch UFC fights I chose this place. It's close to where they live so it works.My best description is a much more refined version of Hooters, Twin Peaks, etc. The waitresses are all in "classier" outfits, still showing some of the goods but definitely not as much as the other spots.The Pros:1.  Parking is ample and easy to find. Easy in, easy out. No problems.2.  A much more refined menu that most spots. I chose the sweet potato fry basket. It was pretty much a full meal for me. Plenty of drinks offered but I definitely recommend the Blue Moon Brewery beer with an orange slice in it. Prices are also very reasonable. From what I saw the burgers are bursting from the seams in size so you'll get your fill. I also had one of their fresh cookie desserts. If you can eat the whole thing you're a champ. I definitely had leftovers and it was delicious.3.  Plenty of televisions to view your favorite sporting event. I had great seats for both of the nights I went. It definitely fills up on big UFC nights.The Cons:1.  Not easy to find off the Highland. It's right across from an old L.A. Fitness.2.  The wait staff seemed less interested in customers that weren't in large groups. Just a fact for you, when you take care of me, I tip very well. If not, you get the standard 20% if you're lucking. My second night I was definitely ignored by my server Sally in favor of the larger groups. I'm really there to eat, have a drink, and watch the fights, not ogle at your goods. Your hostess was the most friendly in the place. I should have left the tip with her.
4	Going to bump you all up an extra star since your manager was quick to respond to my review. I don't live in Phoenix but will most likely hit this place up again because it shows that he values what customers say about their food and service. Well done sir.
3	Met another bad date at this bar for happy Hour action. Half-price appetizer's are nice and $3 Beers are also available. Only about 7 craft beers though, but Magic hat #9 - one of the originals - was available on tap. Mostly older businessmen here on this night. The panko breaded zucchini was good as was the cool cucumber dip on the side for dipping. My original choice of chips, guac and salsa looked good, but I never have had a version of guacamole that was so hot. Ease up on the jalapeno's fellows. I had to return the stuff because nobody likes to sweat while eating guacamole. Bartender was nice and I exchanged it for a large Hot pretzel. This was very good, nice and hot and salty and not too much butter. Used the cucumber dip as I'm not a mustard fan and no cheese sauce was offered. Sandwiches, etc seemed pricey and the Biltmore area upcharge appeared to be in effect. Lots of TV sets, so seems to be a pretty solid sports bar, although I could do without the picture of a guy's butt crack in the men's room. Put that poster in the women's room please - homophobia still exists.
3	This review is a 2.5 rounded up to a 3 now.I've been to this location a hand full of times.  This review is heavily weighted on my most recent experience.  I came here last Friday for a Yelper UYE to watch the Kitchen Nightmares Finale.   I hate to complain because I wasn't the organizer of the event, but a reservation was made for a group of folks to come out and watch the season finale of a TV show.  One would think that the room that was reserved would have a door, that could be closed, to quiet the noise of the restaurant so that the group could do what it came to do to, watch AND LISTEN to the TV program.  Unfortunately, our group could barely here the television because the "room" (actually a 3-sided space) we were in was separated from the rest of the restaurant by a partition that didn't close off the entire walkway into the cubby-hole-like space.  I don't think any of the fellow Yelpers at that table were happy with the space.  I ordered the calamari and it was a downer for me, a never repeat again'er.  I was so hungry after not eating all day that  I ate that calamari and the entire time, I wondered why did I order THAT dish! the only upside and bright spot was my cocktail.  I think it was called a dirty blue martini.  That  thing was delicious.Would I go back here, only if someone else is organizing something at this location and I had no say or influence in moving the venue.UPDATE: Their management told me that in the future they will no longer reserve that space for people interested in watching and hearing a TV program.  It might be ok for a sports show though, but not for what we were there for.  They have a different space that is quieter and more appropriate for watching a TV program.  That room was booked before the UYE was booked.  Hats of to their management for reaching out to me.
1	Slow uncaring service
4	The. Best. Pretzel bun! 1/2 priced burgers on weekends! The tap beer selection has improved. Yep, I'm a fan!PS I never noticed the "detail" in the artwork that reinforces the Half Moon name, until someone broke it down for me. Now, I can't miss it and I think it's BRILLIANT! :)
5	This place was really hard for me to rate.  I come here often and if I averaged up every experience it would probably come out to 3.5.  The thing is I have not found a bar I enjoy going to more in the Valley, so I asked myself if Half Moon doesn't get five stars what does.  The thing is its a crap shoot going here.  They have the best happy hour hands down.  Their wings are incredible and these along with the rest of their appetizers are half off and drink prices are good.  They also have reverse happy hour with the same deals.  They run a half priced burger deal on the weekends, which is probably the best burger you are going to get for that price.  The place itself is nice, clean.  Plenty of TVs.  They will play the sound for the big game, but also play pretty good music in the evening after the games.  Awesome patio for the smokers or just those wanting to sit out.  I have ordered many items off of their menu and have never been disappointed.  The restaurant side is as good as any place in the valley to sit down and have lunch or dinner.  Its even pretty kid friendly on that side (I think they do kids eat free nights if I am not mistaken).  With all of that said I cannot guarantee that if you come here you will not get treated like absolute crap.  I have plenty of times and I come here quite often.  It can take forever to get a drink at the bar at times.  Sometimes servers work the patio.  Other times they don't and its really impossible to tell.  Depending on who is working you can catch a really bad attitude.  They are consistently getting better and I will give them that, but every once in a while they are completely off for some reason.  Here are some tips to enjoy your time here:1.  If you get a burger try the pretzel bun2.  I like the skin crispy on my wings, if you tell them you want them crispy they never have a problem accommodating you3.  I learned this one the hard way, if you open a tab inside with the bar and go outside and notice a server working out there ask to have your tab moved over to her.  They will do everything in their power to ignore you otherwise.  Evidently the tips go to the bar unless you do this is what we have been told by some of the employees.4.  Dos Equis bottles are $3 all day every day5.  They have an awesome long island that is pretty big too.  I think its $4 or $5 at happy hour and about a dollar more any other time.  Good deal either way.6.  They have a decent selection of local brews on draft that switch out seasonally.  These are only $3 too on happy hour, so unless you are counting calories, skip the Coors and try something unique.7. Sign up for the rewards card and give your server/bartender the last four of your phone number when you cash out.  It does not seem to do a whole lot (sometimes I question if they are adding all of my tabs to my card), but I did get about $10-$15 off of a tab one time.  Its better than not signing up right?8. Sign up for their emails from their website or their Facebook page.  They run different cool promotions and specials all the time.9. Unless you are a hardcore fan, you might want to stay away on UFC nights.  It is super crowded and for some reason it is always more obnoxios, I don't know if its the crowd or if the aggressive nature of the sport that brings out the redneck a-hole in people.
3	This is a pretty good sports bar, but it's clientele seems to be only the happy hour employees from area businesses and business travelers. The food here is ok, but nothing special. The wings are the only food that gives you "bang for your buck." The happy hour is good... but they only have 8 beers on tap. I only go here because it's walking distance from my home. It's a good happy hour place for a group of 4 or less, but any more and you may be waiting to get a table. And the service is ok, but not particularly fast.
3	Good service and decent food.  Deceptively sweet/spicy wing sauce - I was disappointed with the spice level of my buffalo chicken salad until I was about half way through it and I realized... yep... a nice burn had appeared.  Very enjoyable.
5	Our office just recently reserved a room at the Half Moon Sports Grill for a going away party for one of our co-workers.  We reserved the room during their happy hour (4-7 pm).  The service was fantastic, and all of the staff there were very prompt and courteous.  Candie Lee (the General Manager) was extremely helpful in setting up the room for our group, and our server Bree did an outstanding job as our server.  I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND to anyone looking to reserve a room at a place near the Biltmore area to make a reservation at the Half Moon Sports Grill for any type of event.  They have great happy hour prices on drinks, their food is terrific, and all of their staff is very friendly and professional.
3	My friend reserved one of the small side rooms here for an event.Now, this reservation was made to have a viewing party for a popular TV show. You would think that they would put us in a room thats sheltered from the majority of the noise coming from the bar. They put us in the opposite. We could barely hear a thing. Terrible.On the upsaide, our waitress was a sweetheart and did her best to get the volume up and try to at least get captions on our TV. She was very attentive and did a good job of keeping all of our orders straight. The food was good. I got the boneless wings in 2 flavors: BBQ and sweet chili. The chili ones were really good, the BBQ, not so much.While this is probably a great place to toss a few back while watching the game of the day or after work, I'd think twice before reserving a room for an event.
1	Wow... Let down, the food was great, best burgers ever....Not anymore!!! Thinner than In & Out Burger. The waitresses are awesome but the food took a turn for the worse with their recent remodel... What were the owners thinking? How do you fix something that is great? You don't you leave it alone!!! Too bad, so sad... Won't be going back, was in there on Saturday night and very few people there...  Now I know why.
5	Order the ravioli they are amazing
4	Fun place, great happy hour specials $5.00 appetizers. Try the calamari Rich the bartender was great fun, likes to cut up and keeps your drinks coming. Give it a try.
1	I have come to this establishment two times both before and after renovation. Before said renovation the bar top was sticky even after being cleaned. The tall, short blond haired male bartender became upset when I gave him a 30% tip and wrote on the credit card slip that the bar top was sticky and it wasn't up to standard. He sent a bar back out side where I was smoking on the patio to chastise me about my note. I came back after the renovations and found the same bar tender serving me again. I had two beers(draft) and two shots of liquor as well as two appetizers .  After he admitted to over serving me, which in Arizona can result in a fine for the establishment. I subsequently left. Won't spend another dime in this establishment.
5	I hate YELP so the fact I am leaving a review on this extortion based site says a lot but Valerie the bartender deserves it.So yes YELP extorts business owners to keep the negative reviews from either showing up, and if the business owner doesn't pay YELP for monthly for marketing services positive ones never show. I wouldn't have posted this but too many good businesses get screwed because of their business practices. Now I would go into detail about this but this review is about Valerie not Yelp so Google "Yelp unfair filtering process" , "Yelp extortion" or better yet "Yelp loses in court" to find out more. Okay now back to Valerie. I am leaving this review based solely on the staffing. The management here must have made a significant investment in the interior and the staffing because it seems slow when I come in, yet it's always chic and has more than ample servers to take care of the customer; that shows they care about the customer experience. Here's what impressed me about Valerie, no matter if you order a coke like I do or a beer, she gives you consistent service. I am a former New Orleans Bourbon Street bartender and restaurant GM, with over 20 years of experience in the industry, and usually two-three refills is all you get if you sit at my bar, not because I want to give you bad service but I am thinking to myself, " Who really want five cokes in one sitting?" No, Valerie refills drinks like they are all Blue Moons! She is friendly, can strike up a conversation, and keeps your area clean.Kudos to Val and the staff, even though Yelp sucks!
4	Myself and two friends hit it the place in time for happy hour, and I have to say, the food was great. we got two different kinds of wings (sweet chile and honey chipotle) and those were probably some of the best wings I've had in town in awhile. Meaty, crispy, the sauces were delicious. We also got a small cheese thin-crust pizza, which I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. The drinks were strong and tasty, and I honestly didn't mind paying full-price once we decided to continue on after happy hour ended. I recommend the Chicago Bull if you're a fan of ginger anything, like me. I would say if you're not there on happy hour the food/drink might be a little on the pricey side, but the quality speaks for itself overall. Can't review the waitresses since we sat at the bar, but were I attracted to the ladies, the verdict would be "Schwing!"  The bartenders were quick, super attentive and accommodating. I'm normally one to just kind of let them work but they were all very friendly and sociable in a genuine way. They were waiting on us, not working us for a tip. Refreshing!Shout out to Autumn and especially Dan for taking care of us drunken brauds on a Friday night. Thank you. :)
4	We found this place because several people wanted to get together before our sons' football game for a little happy hour pre-party....otherwise, there's no way I'd stumble across this joint.  It's located in the middle of Phoenix somewhere and is a pretty cool bar/restaurant.  I saddled up to the bar and ordered an IPA to get started on Happy Hour and then we ordered these items for $5 each (happy hour pricing):1/2 Medium, 1/2 Sweet BBQ Wingshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/half-moon-sports-grill-phoenix-2?select=YXKrnuDpFyhAm2af4eTg5g#YXKrnuDpFyhAm2af4eTg5ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/half-moon-sports-grill-phoenix-2?select=Yj_9ysSNU7HcjcCiovTYqQ#Yj_9ysSNU7HcjcCiovTYqQSausage & Pepperoni Pizzahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/half-moon-sports-grill-phoenix-2?select=8ehj7xtOySrjAzCV8S0PaA#8ehj7xtOySrjAzCV8S0PaAAt the recommendation of the bartender, we split between the Medium and Sweet BBQ Wings....he was spot on...both were awesome!  I preferred the Sweet BBQ Wings between the 2.The Sausage and Pepperoni Pizza was good as well...not great, but good.This place is pretty impressive.  The bar is fairly large and was busy on the night we went. They have a large patio area and could easily handle large groups.  Plenty of TV's in the bar area for sports.  There's also a large dining room area.  Overall, we had fun hanging out here for 1 night.  However, it's too far away for us to be regulars here.  But if we're in the area, this will definitely be on our list of possible joints to visit.Return Factor - 80%
2	This used to be my favorite place to watch UFC. Then new management took over and food quality stood in the high dive and jumped off. The burgers - previously very good- are garbage. Gone is the quality cheese. Enter the crappy Kraft slices in plastic wrap. Think McDonalds and you won't be disappointed. Campbell's soup is better. Honestly. The dessert we tried was the saving grace. Our server was great - very on point. Overall we will probably not come back.
5	Success!  A great place for beer & wings. This place is pristine & cool. Not a dive bar look at all.  All of the TVs are in easy view & the staff was great (Ainsley was charming). On to the wings. One gripe. They sell by the pound. Roughly 10 wings so why not go with it. Oh well. They had a 55 cent special so I filled up. Had the teriyaki, honey chipotle & medium. All were crisp, good size & well flavored. Because I'm so health conscious I got grilled veggies instead of fries, adding years to my life. Plenty of beers on tap in a great atmosphere.
1	Just watched PART of the World Series Game.  Food was definately down hill from a year ago.  Beer was not cold and staff mentioned that changes were made to make the restaurant more profitable.  BUT, we the customers suffer... bad business plan.  Went to a competitor just north at the  Colonnade  and was blown away fridgid beer, great food and better prices.  My half moon chicken sandwich tasted like microwave frozen unseasoned garbage.  Then to top it off the order of fries was cold, small and probably out of the freezer as well.   I WAS A FAN, BUT NEVER AGAIN!!!
3	Bartenders were friendly and amusing. Drinks and food came quickly. Food is good for bar food. Kitchen is open until midnight and we walked from our hotel.  Totally fine.  Oh yeah, calamari was worth a mention. Great for an easy app.
3	Not bad. Claims to be a Chicago style place. I can say, being originally from Chicagoland area, the wings and pizza was not Chicago style. The chicken was very good, moist and done perfectly, but the sauce was subpar for buffalo wings. The pizza was decent, but nothing out of the ordinary. Doesn't compare to what you'd get in Chicago.
4	I really like this place.  It is spacious and the building is really cool.  I liked that it was modern and clean.  They even have flat screen t.v.'s above the urinals in the men's room.  It was easy for me to find a parking spot which is always a plus.I like going here to watch a game, for happy hour, or to meet a friend for a drink.  The customer service has always been great.
4	I went here for Happy Hour with some friends and it was very good.  I got one of those cocktails in a mason jar (the Chizona?) and it was very delicious.  They've got great service and good deals too.
3	Ate here on a business trip to AZ. Good burger and decent mixed drinks. Got a salad instead of fries but it was a joke. In a tiny bowl and was pretty tasteless. Just splurge and go for the fries. Not bad just not anything special.
3	This place has been there for a long time, I visited for lunch, its was okay.  I went back a few months later for lunch and it was new business.  It is now a Chicago-esque sports grill.  Same art work on the walls of women working out with their crevices exposed, all tastefully done of course.  The space is layed out the same, dining area, bar area and a nice sized outdoor patio.  There are good views of TVs from just about everywhere.  Happy Hour is a good mix of professionals who work in the Biltmore area to locals. Service was fine, although somehow my tab for 4 beers came up to over $30 there, which my domestic draft taste was surprised by.  The pretzel was ginormous and came with a cheese dipping sauce that was more upscale than the norm, good stuff.
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!!!! Seriously. Get it together, Half Moon. It's too bad because the food is decent. Waitresses have no idea what is going on. Asked for a manager and no one knew who it was. It's complete chaos.
4	If you like sports and Chicago grub then this is your place, period. Upon walking in, I immediately noticed the plentiful flat screens everywhere I turned. I must have counted 40 flat screen TVs. There are several sections of Half Moon Sports Grill, including a back room with a stage that would make for a good private event. I truly is the perfect location for a sports game. Besides the massive amounts of TVs and plenty of seating, Half Moon Sports Grill also has good food! Owned by Chicago natives, this is your one-stop-shop for Windy City eats. I've enjoyed their pizza, Italian Beefs and sausages, all of which are flavorful and filling. It's perfect food to enjoy while watching a sporting event and enjoying a beer or three. They have a spacious bar and sit-down seating, so you could either come with your family or come with friends.
5	This place is awesome!! I went for my first time after not going for at least 5 years. Boy, have we been missing out!! We went on a Saturday afternoon to watch the playoff game and we were impressed! We ended up having several waitresses/waiters because of shift changes but loved everyone of them!! I couldn't believe the amount of tv's..and I was worried we wouldn't get a good seat! They have a pool table on the patio, shuffleboard and really clean restrooms. There is not much more I could ask for. Their happy hour during football is awesome. We didn't try any of the food, but drinks were good and service amazing. I cannot wait to go back!! And can't wait until next football season!
5	Lots of fun. Great Chicago food....
4	I'll start with the most important fact first... this is a Chicago bar.  This means all Chicago Bears games are shown with the volume on!  Daaaaaa Bears!  Ok, now on to the other stuff...The bar/restaurant is quite large so there are plenty of tables and seats.  I surveyed the view from many of the seats and most provide a good view of one or more TVs.  In the main room, I believe they even have a projector style TV with a huge screen.  One word of caution, if you're going for a Bears game, the seats do fill up quickly!The servers all seem to be on top of their game (no pun intended).  Ordering food and drinks is easy even when this place is busy... and the kitchen and bartenders get the food and drinks out quickly!I have had the pizza multiple times.  To me, the pizza crust is not as thick as a Chicago-style thin crust should be... but the taste is top-notch!  The crust has crunch, the toppings are piled on, and the sauce is just the right combination of sweet and tangy.  Drink prices a little pricey, but certainly not outrageous.I'll definitely be back!!
3	This was our first time visiting Half Moon since all the new changes and definitely miss some of the old menu items, such as the french fries. Not that the new version of the fries are bad, but the old ones were sooo good. I ordered the chicken cesar salad which wasn't bad but nothing that knocked my socks off. My husband had the triple decker club which was good, and my son had the kids pizza which was also good. There was really nothing bad about the experience just nothing great. Maybe we were just too used to the old menu (and fries) that it's hard getting used to the newer items. Overall our experience was good. Our server was very friendly and even the host was nice enough to offer to pull down then shades so we could sit outside which I thought was very nice. If you're a sports fan, this is definitely the place you want to be on game day but parents be warned, it's very LOUD on big game days. So I wouldn't recommend bringing very young children when a big sporting event is happening. Otherwise this place is very child friendly.
4	In the past I've loved half moon, now my feeling are neutral.. The menu had recently (since I was here last) and I'm not that impressed. They've adopted the Chicago theme, which is fine but not beneficial. The burger has a great need flavor and very juicy, but served ala carte and not really noted on the menu, which makes it look like a great value until your served your food and have to wait for accompaniments. It appears they're cutting food costs based on the table spoon of ketchup and mustard that are delivered, also by request and not assumed with a burger order.. Lastly the fish was eh, so so. Soggy is the best word I can think of.. All in all I enjoy the atmosphere and fellow Chicago football fans but will only be back for drinks and the TVs not the food.. :( sad, im still hungry..
4	Food and service are excellent. Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is price...expect to spend a couple more dollars per dish than other sports bar menus.
2	Had to pay a $5 cover to sit on the patio and endure one of their salads, which consisted of lettuce, chicken, croutons, and nothing else. Maybe a good environment for football, but not much else.
2	Food is just OK. The new remodel is nice but the menu needs some revamping. Ala carte sandwiches at a sports bar-REALLY? we ordered a side of fries and it was laughable. Come on half moon- add $1-2 to your sandwiches and include the fries - you will actually make more $$ and have thirstier customers!!!
2	Ehhhh.They painted the bar surface (never a good move), cheapened offerings,  raised prices.  Food is so so, service hit or miss. Patio is nice,  but you likely have better choices.
2	We went there for the Wednesday night .50 wings special 7-10pm. They were not so special. They are small wings but they were taste. The fondue & pretzels were pretty good.  Our server was preoccupied with her cell phone texting. She got our order wrong. She would tell us, I'll be back with your drinks. Then space what we needed. She was nice, she told us, I don't know where my heads at. Plus the outside seating was sooo smokeyI think it change ownerships and now called Windy city sports grill. It has 2 names on the outside of the building.Thought we would give it a try. Plus the wings used to be bigger & better. Service about the same POOR!!! What is it about the food service industry. They want good / big tips but not willing to supply the decent / respectful service.  We go out spend our hard earned money.   For a good food & service. I hate to keep asking for refills, napkins, to go boxes or our bill...
3	3 stars is middle of the pack, because thats exactly what this is. a decent sports bar with ok food that is either over priced OR too small of portions, however you wanna phrase it (they equal about the same: you dont get a whole lot for your $$$) if you are staying at one of the nearby hotels: this is a better place than the other immediate surroundings, but if you live here...there are definitely better options.
3	I think this place mainly serves the hotel adjoining their parking lot. We went midday for cocktails and wings. What else? My copilot got a club sandwich. For touting "award-winning wings", I was expecting more. The place is large, we were greeted by a cute young girl. The waitress was attentive. There are TVs wall to wall for your viewing pleasure. The place had a few over 50 guys sitting around. I did try their award winning LAVA sauce, which was interesting, fruity , sweet with a slow burn. I would have liked a jar of that. I wouldn't go back to this location. If I am in Moon Valley I might try again and pray for some actual "award winners".
5	In addition to being a Chicago bar with great food, they will be showing all of the World Cup games!!
4	4 stars because the manager was nice to me. The food and service is good. They've got a great catering service (after talking to the chef.)A lot of tv's. Good for groups. Try it out a few times and see for yourself. Cheers.
4	Great place in the Biltmore area to grab a beer and watch a game!  Friendly bartenders, nice atmosphere and good drink selection.
1	Small portions. Nickel and dime you with every side and add on. Expensive drinks. Service was slow. We won't be back.
4	Great casual bar with inexpensive cocktails. I was nervous to get a cocktail with gin but must say it was very well balanced. Definitely a great bar to pop into if u live in the area and want to grab some cocktails. I look forward to returning.
3	Went back on Tuesday after a few months. Got here about 6:45 pm for the $5 appetizers happy hour that goes from 3 pm - 7 pm from Monday through Friday. Warm soft buttery pretzels & beer cheese. This time the beer cheese was good, but a little soupy. The last time it was thick & creamy. On Tuesdays they have wings .50 wings from 7 pm - 10 pm. They tasted yummy & were cooked properly. A lot better then our last visit. But now chose not to add celery & carrots :-(Staff was nice, as they changed the televisions to our requested MLB games. Service was sufficient. :-)
4	This sports bar is walking distance from my house and I visit their often. They always have great service and a great happy hour menu! This is a very inviting atmosphere with pool tables and darts to have some fun.  When the weather is nice the huge patio area is available for seating and even has an outdoor pool table. I defiantly would recommend this place to others to go for good food and a fun environment!
1	Avoid this place! Happy hour is a joke, our bill came to a 100.00 for 6 drinks and 2 meals! We asked for a double on vodka and soda and it came in the same small glass as a single and tasted exactly like the single serving. After a 5 of them, we asked the waitress what is the cost for vodka and soda doubles. She said well happy hour is 5.25 and 7.25 for double. Them came back and said, I was wrong they are a $11.50!! What?!? Double charge for an extra half a shot!?! We were ordering something simple and it was supposed to be happy hour and by No means did we think they would double the charge for the same size drink with no more of a punch that the singles! No bars in Phoenix charge this but this place! The manager was confronted because 1. Her wait staff should inform people of the outrageous pricing when they order and ours was shocked of the price! 2. She needs to do some research with other bars and realize this is a rip off! The manager justified their charges, but credited a couple of shots we did. Very small gesture but a gesture! Food is ok, waitress neglected us most of night, atmosphere only thing nice about this place. Our table spent well over $300.00 for just 4 hours of being there, so what does that tell you? Ridiculous! We left without even a slight buzz (which is strange because they were supposedly 2 shots per drink) and we did 2 shot of tequila...fishy if you ask me! We will NEVER be back and I hope this helps you to ask about their prices before you order because the staff will not tell you! We will stay with the reasonable and respectable places we have been going to for years!!! This place is a huge disappointment!
5	I've gone many times. The bartenders are awesome and very personable, and the staff all together are great! Chase and Alex are the best bartenders, and they have really really good food. Chicago style and really good. Also they have shuffle board, darts, and 2 pool tables with an outside area. Really big spot.
2	I am a huge Chicago Bears fan and loved the idea of having a new place to watch the game. I went there with my family and friends to watch a pre-season game and I thought everything was great, except for the slow service. I was ordering drinks that were on happy hour, they were shorties and I started to ask for a double because the waitress took forever. She never told me that the cost would more than double on these cocktails. When we received our check, I was shocked. We did complain and the manager gave us a hard time at first, she then said she would discount the drinks to happy hour for us since the server did not communicate with us. They didnt. It is about two weeks later and I still have the original amount on my account. The friends and family that I was with had the same issue. Nothing was done as promised. I would like to go back there due to it being the closest thing to a Chicago bar. However, across the street is Twin Peaks with a good crowd and the coldest beer in town.
1	Ok...so I am updating this due to the owner contacting me. He has been diligent on replying and getting things sorted out and making my situation fair. Stay tuned as to how everything turns out...at least he is trying...
3	Three stars is pretty spot on.  I actually was going to give this place two stars, but they got a bump for friendly service.  I came here after work for happy hour with some co-workers and their significant others.  While the waitresses were attentive and friendly, the food and the sports setup were unimpressive.The restaurant is squished in between an office and hotel complex just southeast of the Camelback Colonnade.  There's a decent amount of parking, though finding it was initially confusing as its mixed with reserved office parking.  Inside, its a pretty standard sports bar, though perhaps going for a modern edgy look.  The TVs around the bar and restaurant area are actually not as big as you'd find at some other sports bars like Zipps.  I also noticed they had issues with the satellite feed for some of the games they were showing on their televisions.  Some of the TV screens just froze or went black numerous times.  Alright, to the grub.Its a Chicago sports bar and proudly displays a Bears flag outside so a lot of the menu is geared towards Chicago fare.  Fair enough.  I love a good italian beef sandwich and some italian sausage, so I went for the combo sandwich.  I've had a sandwich like this before at other Chicago themed restaurants in the Phoenix area and I know to expect a little bit of a peppery kick, but this place took it WAY too far.  The size of the sandwich was okay (though in my opinion a bit small for the $10 I paid), but the proportion of peppers to meat was probably 2/3rd peppers, 1/3rd meat.  I really couldn't even taste the meat as I could only taste a fiery painful burn.  I can handle spicy to a point, but eventually you reach a pain threshold that prevents you from enjoying the meal.  The overabundance of peppers ruined the dish.On the good side, I was very pleasantly surprised to find Lumberyard Red on their beer menu and the fact that it was discounted for happy hour.  And as mentioned before, our waitress was excellent.  She refilled my glass right on cue and was equally attentive with my friends.Perhaps they'll step up their game for the NFL regular season.  Its a Bears bar so they'll have plenty of Chicago patrons come kickoff.  I don't expect out of this world food at a sports bar, but I would hope it would be adequate (particularly the Chicago theme dishes).  And I would hope I could watch games without feed interruptions or unforeseen technical difficulties.  Perhaps today just wasn't their day, but I probably won't be back soon.
4	The chicken wings with out the bone are the best I've had in quite a while.
5	Another amazing night here tonight. Alex is fun professional bartender that is attentive and friendly. Love the wings & cocktails! My new go to place in the neighborhood.
1	After noticing the $6.89, 16inch garden thin crust pizza we got it, but it was cold and not near the $6.89 price on the menu. Total waste and lies! After telling the waitress our service got real bad. You can't charge different prices. Looks like a consumer protection issue here!
1	I walked in to watch the SF/St Louis baseball game.  I ordered a beer and a pizza: sausage, mushroom, onion, green pepper, it was a combination THEY made up and close to what I would order on a pizza.When the pizza came, all I could see was the sausage.  The bartender/mgr actually showed me a minuscule piece of mushroom and onion.Wait, what?  YOU HAVE TO SHOW ME PIECES OF MUSHROOM AND ONION TO SHOW THEY ARE ON THE PIZZA?  I don't think any real Italians would have any more patience than did I in this instance.  Waste of time.  A complete waste of time.  If I rule out Half Moon, and I have, that leaves me with 547 other sports bars who, at least at this point, won't wast my time.One last thing: the entire restaurant is a homage to Chicago sports.  Fine.  Really cool stuff, actually.  But the name is not remotely Chicago.  "Half-Moon" doesn't say Michael Jordan in any way.  What's up with that?
5	Oh how I love the Moon! I'm a beer girl and they carry a wide variety of both local and goose island beers. Try the Sophie it's DE-LISH! I love their happy hour $5 starters & personal pizzas can't beat it. They even have half off bottles of wine Wednesdays! Its a sports bar so they have tons of TVs everywhere different sound zones and like every sports channel. We went out to the patio to smoke and they even allow dogs! They got a pool table darts you name it. really cool place to grab a beer and watch the game I'd suggest it to anyone.
5	Best place in town for a cold beer and to watch DA bears games.iam a Chicago native and this is where I like to go get a Chicago dog & some football.
1	Granted it has been awhile since  we have been to half moon. Since we have been there they have done some changes and not for the better.  My husband and I ordered grilled wings, personal pizza and a side salad. The salad was the best out of all three.  The wings weren't grilled and the pizza had an off flavor and taste. The crust had some sort of weird seasoning. It was so bad, we didn't even finish the whole "small" pizza. To top it off the margarita I order, while huge, lacked alcohol. Being we went there on a Saturday during prime NCAA football season it sure was quiet. Sadly a place we use to enjoy is no longer on our list to attend!
2	The atmosphere is great but the service and food are not. Drinks were serviced with no napkins so our table was soaking wet until we asked for some. Our food came out and we had to ask for plates and silverware. My friend asked for pepper flakes for her pizza and the waitress said "not unless I can find some". Um, what? The Italian sausage sandwich was something I could have made myself and the pizza had a great crust but was nothing to write home about. We also ordered the pretzel fondue and the calamari. The pretzels were great but the cheese was thin and gritty. Not sure what cheese they used but it tasted horrible like it came from a can. The calamari was by far the worst. When the menu said it was hand sliced I was really excited but, WOW was I fooled. Bad calamari can be dry and rubbery. This calamari wasn't even close to being that "good". When the waitress came back to ask how things were I said I'm not sure what this is but its not good (calamari). She LITERALLY said yeah, I know, sorry. Then walked away!!! She could have cared less that we were not satisfied. I will come back and sit at the bar because it's close and the drinks were good (Bloody Mary was really good) and the lady next to me had a burger that looked awesome so I will try that but other than that this place will never rank high in my visit list. I'm sad that this place looks so great but tastes so bad. Two thumbs down.
3	Random dinner location while out.Fried zucchini:  my wife liked these.  Something about the flavor was off to me--almost had some sour fruity taste.  Not my favorite.Hamburger:  they were out of mustard.  Who the fuck runs out of mustard?  Apparently them.  Ketchup tasted weird, overall hamburger taste, mediocre.  Service was pretty friendly, atmosphere fine, just the food was, well, kinda non-descript.The Valley has a number of these Chicago-type places around, but I don't know if I'd call this one of the better ones.  No, it was not really that bad, but with other spots around that are much better, Half Moon really didn't stand out for me.  YMMV.
