5	Last night I finally made it out to Leroy Fox! This place is such a great spot to eat and hang out. Tons of TVs to check out the games and the seating is nicely setup. Friendly, quick service. I had their southern style fried chicken which reminded me of my grandmother's recipe. Great mac & cheese too. But the best was their corn bread muffins. . . . I need more! This place is def one to try out!
4	First things first - the interior is so much brighter and welcoming - sorry but this restaurant was so in need of a facelift and it appears that the owners agreed.  Kudos to the interior upfit.Food - would like to see more dinner selections but chose a salad and was not disappointed.  Wine list very short but wine listed were very nice.  Service was spot on.  All in all, nice experience and will definitely return.
4	Walking into Leroy Fox, it has white washed wooden walls, it's lovely, it reminds me of JCT in Atlanta.  Nice people, everyone smiled and said hello.  I ordered a bloody mary and a shrimp po' boy.  My friend ordered a starter of pretzel bites.  The server said she didn't really like pretzels that much, but she loved these.  I hear ya sister.  When they arrived, they were little fried pretzel nuggets, with ranch, cheese dip and honey mustard for dipping.  I am a sucker for condiments.  Yay!!  Pretzels good.  My sandwich was a great size portion and the shrimp were fried and hot, my french fry barometer registered a "wicky, wicky woooooow."  So I was happy, the one thing that I was not pleased with was my $10 dollar bloody mary was supposed to have a shrimp garnish, I didn't get the shrimp skewer, so I was hoping I had a $5 bloody mary, but I still had a $10 on my check, WAH!!!!  I hate $10 cocktails in the daylight.  Day drinkin' should be a bargain.  They do have really cute American Apparel t shirts, (with Vixen, sly fox and Leroy fox) you can pick one up for $20. And they are garnished with a shrimp skewer!
2	I had dinner at Leroy Fox tonight.  This site used to house the old Hotel Charlotte.The rennovation was very impressive.  The restaurant was very nice and it was good to see that they had incorporated parts of the old restaurant into the decor of the new restaurant.The restaurant was packed solid.  The noise level was probably the most negative aspect of the experience.  In addition to the already deafening noise level, live music started up and it soon became impossible to hear the conversation at our table.I had the "north" chicken which consisted of a breast and a wing.  It was fried and was quite good.  The chicken comes with a choice of a side item.The menu looked quite good.  The service was also good, but I believe the kitchen got backed up with orders since the restaurant was full.I wouldn't recommend going to this restaurant, if you have hopes of having normal conversation with the people at your table.
4	Off to a good start. Loved the zucchini fries with the 3 sauces. Fried chicken moist with a nice crunchy crust. Looks like a good bar crowd.
5	So I've been wanting to try Leroy Fox ever since they opened.  Much to my surprise, my boyfriend took me there last night for Valentine's Day.  My first impressions were: YAY, they're working on outdoor patio seating out front. That will be nice in the spring / summer / fall.  The interior is so nice & cozy...I love the wall with all the street names.  The bar has plenty of seating. There was in excess of 5 or 6 TVs.  We were seated immediately upon arrival (we had 6 PM reservations).  Brittney, our waitress came to our table as soon as we sat down. She was very upbeat & friendly.  She had great recommendations on drinks - she talked me into The Hotel Charlotte martini & my boyfriend had the King of Foxes whiskey drink - they have a whiskey club you can join!For our meal, we decided on the fried chicken sandwich with mac & cheese for me & Shawn got the 1/4 north foxing fried chicken, with the mashed potatoes & peppered gravy.  We waited less than 10 minutes for our food to come out.  While waiting, our water glasses stayed full.  We were VERY pleased at the presentation...the food looked delicious - & the taste of it matched!  The portions were huge (we decided there was no way we could have eaten an appetizer along with our entrees)! The chicken (on my sandwich & the foxing fried chicken) were lightly seasoned & breaded, juicy & tender. The mac & cheese & mashed potatoes!!!!! HEAVENLY. If I were stranded on a desert island, I want these two sides with me!  These are probably the best restaurant sides I've had in Charlotte.  The cornbread muffins were baked perfectly & were moist inside. YUM.  We ate our entire meal & felt just the right amount of full.  During the meal, Brittney came by frequently & checked on us & we had a manager come by, too.  Extra details: the fox theme is throughout the restaurant - waiters & male bar staff wear shirts that say "Sly" & waitresses wear ones that say "Vixen".  Beverage glasses have a fox etched on them. I love the color choices on the dinnerware. Nice white plates & turquoise bowls for the sides.  Neat design on the chicken tenders appetizer - wire basket, with 3 holders for dipping sauces.  Appetizers are in portions that could serve as a meal.  At 6 PM, they weren't busy yet, but about 30 - 45 minutes later, it began filling up.  The noise level is normal with customer & wait staff chatter. Prices are reasonable.  While I expected this place to be "grown folks" only, there were several families dining.We've already decided this will be a regular spot for us. Long live Leroy Fox!
4	Popped in for a drink to celebrate my friends b-day.  Everyone here was friendly and the service was speedy.  The interior is very inviting and comfortable.  It was a Friday night so the place was pretty busy and noisy but the vibe was upbeat and exciting.  Everyone that ordered food raved about their dishes.  All and all two thumbs way up!  I can't wait for them to open the patio space out front!
4	For some reason I heard very little buzz about Leroy Fox, but am super glad some girlfriends and I went last night. Since it's not far from where I live, and the prices reasonable, I agree with Angie P.  This is going to be a regular spot! The environment on a Friday night is kind of loud, but very warm and inviting.  Not sure how to describe it but "Southern Plantation" -ish style.  (Think, perfect place for a date, or to catch up with friends and chat.) Not pretentious at all-- wear whatever you want, and you'll be comfortable. Our server was just a doll and provided us great service and was knowledgeable about the menu. (Example: The famous chicken is brined for 24 hours, and the pretzels are flash fried (which is why they're soooo good) and served with a homemade cheese sauce, ranch and honey mustard dip.) I feel I can't give 5 stars yet, only because I need to try more of the menu.  But my dining partners all loved their fried chicken and sides.  My shrimp and grits were pretty great-- though I would have loved some sausage in it too.  (Still, by far, the E2 Emeril grits are my #1 in Charlotte!) Stay tuned for a follow-up review soon!
1	Hmmmm.....our experience tonight was very disappointing, so much so that I'm not even motivated to write a witty or sarcastic review so I'll just state the facts for our party of four adults.- 40 minute wait- Almost an hour to receive our entree- Wromg order x2, (North Chicken, not South)- Cold fries, warm "iced" tea- Distracted or ambivalent waitstaff, dripping tea all over my husband's jacket and refills were sporadicI live in the area and had heard excellent reviews, so I was very excited to have a new go-to place for chicken but probably won't go back.....sigh...
4	A month or so ago, I was lucky enough to check out Leroy Fox during their soft opening. And while I've been meaning to head back much sooner, I finally got a chance to check it out again last night! Overall, I'm thinking that Leroy Fox is going to be a neighborhood staple in Cotswold! Hubs and I rolled in on a Wednesday night, hankering for some fried chicken. What? Don't judge. It sounded delicious. The exterior of Leroy Fox features a really cool looking patio, surrounded by what looks to be a Lincoln Log/Jenga-esque wall. There are plenty of cutouts and openings to ensure plenty of air flow. When the weather turns lovely, this patio will be a hoppin'.Speaking of hoppin', the restaurant was super busy for a Wednesday night. Considering the number of TV's and comfy booths, it's no surprise. The place itself is warm and modern, yet Southern. There are tons of local influences from Poppy's Bagel chips to the decor to the locally named items. Because the place was perhaps abnormally busy on a Wednesday night, service was a bit harried overall. However, the food and beverage certainly made up it! Here's what I ordered...Selwyn Avenue (cocktail): 5/5: Wow. They should just name this happy juice. It's an Arnold Palmer esque (1/2 tea, 1/2 lemonade) but with a twist of Dragonberry rum. And it's yum. I also love that it's served in a mason jar! 1/4 North Fried Chicken: 4.5/5: Super delicious, crispy fried chicken. This plate is served with a wing and a breast and both pieces were very flavorful and juicy. The breading on the bird is salted and peppered and perfect with hot sauce! Mac 'n cheese: 4/5: This was one of my side items and I was scraping the bottom of the ramekin to get every last bite. It's creamy shells and it's delightful. Green bean casserole: 3/5: The casserole was just fine, but nothing crazy or overly spectacular. If you love green bean casserole, you'll likely enjoy it. Cornbread: 3/5: I fully appreciate that I received not one but two cornbread muffins with my meal. Score! This cornbread was solid, but dry. Hubs dunked his in gravy and ate it right up. Gravy: 4/5: That being said, the gravy was tasty...and I'm not even a gravy lover! I can absolutely envision myself coming back to Leroy Fox for another helping of that practically perfect fried chicken and Selwyn Avenue cocktail. At an affordable $17 for the two ($9 chicken and $8 cocktail), my belly was full and very happy.
5	I'm going to go ahead and give Leroy Fox 5 stars for my first visit and here is why.* No Wait (it was very busy but we lucked out)* Awesome outdoor patio (could use a few more tables out there though)* $6 absolute dirty martini (I thought that must be a joke)* Zucchini Fries (amazing - 3 dipping sauces you will not be disappointed)* Sliders (bacon jam - that is all I have to say)Extra star for service Chelsea our waitresses was attentive and friendly.  Cotswald had needed a place like Leroy Fox for a long time - family friendly and big bar with large TV's to watch your favorite games on!
4	I went to Leroy Fox for the first time yesterday to meet a friend for lunch.  Let me just say that the new build out of the old Hotel Charlotte is fantastic.  We were seated immediately and greeted by our server within seconds.  He was super friendly and helpful with the menu.  I ordered the Shrimp Cobb Salad and loved it.  The shrimp were seasoned and cooked to perfection and the salad was a great size.  My friend ordered the Chicken Salad Sandwich which she said was delicious.  The staff was super attentive....our glasses were never empty.I will definitely be going back and hoping that they start serving brunch SOON!
5	I think I'm in love, the food wow.  The food I had today was wonderful, delicious just a beautiful thing.  The service was great, very friendly people just great.  My daughter enjoyed the music, I think she danced more than she ate.  Like I mentioned before the food was wonderful, southern food just great it's hard to find restaurants that serve true southern food now a days.  The only thing I had that wasn't southern food at it's best was the red velvet cake.  A true southern red velvet cake, how can you get that wrong?  Well they did, it was a little mini bundt cake with the cream cheese in the middle, it was a little dry so I will not have that again but every thing else was great.  I am looking forward to my next visit.
3	I'm glad they opened this place up in Cotswold - a neighborhood joint with plenty of TV's and a decent menu.  Because I'm adamantly opposed to Eddie's Place (in the same shopping center) Leroy Fox is a decent alternative.I like the decor - kind of trendy, southern comfort, hipster.  Sort of looks like pottery barn barfed all over the entry way.  The little outdoor area will be nice in the spring - if you like looking at parking lot views - but it'll be brutal come July.  The food was good, not great.  I had the shrimp po-boy with shoestring fries, the wife tried the chicken fried chicken, and my son had a the chicken fingers and grits.  The fries were great, the shrimp was cooked well, seasoned decently, and overall was a decent sandwich.  The verdict on taste was that the food was decent.  Better than bar-food, but certainly no gastro-pub.  The one take-away from the food?  PORTION SIZE - holy meatballs batman.  Seriously, you're not leaving hungry.  I'd be surprised if this place turns a profit knowing how large each of the meals was.  Each plate was enough food to feed at least two people - including my sandwich plate!It's not an exceptional value type place, I have to say.  The three of us (considering my son is 15 months old) dropped about $45 for lunch - with no alcohol.  I'd much rather get a smaller portion for $3-$4 less a plate.I'd probably come back again for lunch, but will certainly keep in mind the portion size and look to see if I can order of the kids menu.
4	Our group went to LeRoy Fox last minute as the restaurant we chose did not have room for us.  One of our companions ordered the zucchini fries, which came with 3 sauces.  Delish!  For my entree, I ordered shrimp po'boy.  Very good.  I loved their spicy boom-boom sauce!  We experienced excellent service as well.
3	I enjoy going to Leroy's on my way home from work..great place to meet up with friends, the bartenders attentive along with the wait staff.  Their specialty is fried chicken, which is quite good, but the remainder of the menu is just OK.  I have yet to get excited about the apps...to really make this place be a standout is to improve the menu...quality of the food...currently the apps are equal to Chili's
4	Just the name alone makes me smile.  Like a southern nickname this place can certainly grow on people.  I didn't have the oppurtunity to try the fried chicken other than a bite hear and there from the girlfriend, the burger special I did have was absolutely fantastic.  Sirlion burger on a croissant, nuff said.Service was very energetic and attentive, seems like they have hired pretty well in that regard.Atmosphere is very casual and somewhere in between southern comfort and a little new age.  I really like it.
4	WOW What a gem!!!!  I love this replacement for the old Hotel Charlotte.  I had the fried chicken - South.  Means dark meat.  $9 bucks for the fried chicken plus one side.  Ya I am lame because I got a side salad.  The chicken itself was tender and juicy.  The batter was gourmet-ish.  It was salty and tasty.  Definitely trying to make it fancy instead of good-ol Price's Chicken Coup style.  It was very good!  And it came with a little container of gravy - i had never had this combination before and I guess you are supposed to eat the two together - YUM!!!!  It was fantastic!!  We will definitely be back!!!
4	Must say that Leroy Fox has carved out a nice little space for themselves along Sharon Amity. Most of the other locations are lackluster in appearance and seem to get lost in your passing commute. Leroy Fox is just the opposite. The entire facade stands out with layered, aged beams of grayish brown wood. The juxtaposition of each piece of wood seems to exhibit the careful, yet disheveled, look of the exterior. It goes without being said. This place just looks bad ass. The interior is HUGE. Much larger than one would anticipate. Mounds of tables and a rather long, full-service and fully stocked bar. A conservative amount of TV's line the walls above the bar. Not too distracting like some other restaurant/bars. Tons of great beers on draught. Locals, too. NoDa and a few from OMB. The service was fast, friendly and helpful. Didn't visit the table too often, didn't ask too many questions or hound for an up-sell. Just the right amount. The food...woo. Where to start? Pretzels: Great. slightly crunchy and neatly seasoned with salt. Three dips to choose from: cheese, ranch and fantastic honey mustard. Sliders: Beef was so flavorful and smokey. A welcome aroma. Pretty sure on mini brioche buns. Perfect as a standalone or an app split amongst all diners. Mac n' cheese: Let's just say, if you don't end up getting it, I feel sorry for your taste buds. My fellow diners had a salad with fried chicken and the tiger shrimp wrap. The wrap looked nice and fresh. Would definitely consider for a lunch option. The salad looks great with nice helpings of lightly battered and fried...uhh fried chicken. I had the serendipitous opportunity to try a piece of the chicken. Divine. Next time, I'm trying the fried chicken as an entree. This place knows the way to a southerner's heart (in a good way). Looking forward to many visits in the near future!
4	Despite hailing from the Latin American capital of the US (Miami), I know my Southern grub. It's thanks to South Beach farm to table operations like Yardbird that really set my palate straight. Then I traveled to Charlotte where my local expert led me in the direction of recently opened, Leroy Fox. This gastronomy focused Southern pub features indoor dining options fit for anyone searching out a finely casual eatery or even an outdoor patio to welcome the hens looking to bask beneath a beating sun. The latter was our choice. Whether you're after a crafty cold brew or a serious spirit, there's a full menu of regional beers and mixology forward cocktails.For starters, the hot pretzel appetizer arrived with a bouquet of dipping sauces. Between the cheese, honey mustard and ranch, I found my mini pretzels readily diving into the honey mustard time and time again. Then, feeling somewhere between good and glutton, I opted for the fried chicken salad. I mean, sure, I'll take some greens with my delicately fried tenderloins. Everything danced together wonderfully... naturally, considering fried chicken was in the room. Then again, at Leroy's, "chickens are fresh, all natural, hormone free and blessed." Yes, they're blessed... which must have something to do with how godly they taste going down.Next time, I'm running for the BLTA (bacon, lettuce, tomato and avocado).
3	Mixed bag for us tonight at Leroy Fox. I had the Po-Boy w/ zucchini fried, my wife had the North fired chicken w/ mac & cheese, my son had sliders w/ fries and my daughter had kids mac & cheese w/ fries.Starter: shrimp cocktail - interesting take, shrimp was fat and incredibly good, well cooked and very slightly seasoned. The remoulade replacement for cocktail sauce was a tasty and clever and pleasant surprise: I really liked it.Sliders - they were fine. Not newsworthy, but fine. Came with fries, and they're pretty good - crispy and tasty.Mac & Cheese - the most boring mac & cheese I have ever tasted. Creamy, bland, a little overcooked. Just blah. Salt didn't fix it - the cheese was utterly flavorless. Fix that. How hard can mac & cheese be, people?Chicken - like most popular fried chicken, it's always way too much about the sear and crunch, never enough about the flavor of the chicken. Look at it this way, chef: if I like it off the barbecue or out of the broiler, sans breading, it's well made and flavorful. Make flavor happen AND good breading, you win business. This chicken was as bland as the mac & cheese: Great breading and crunch, but yawn. My wife got the mac & cheese too. Oops. Strike two.Po Boy - NICE! Shrimp was fresh, sweet, perfectly cooked, and flavorful (note - whatever you did to the shrimp, which was breaded and fried, do that to the chicken). Sauce was simple and lovely, not too spicy and oddly tart, maybe a little extra lemon. Bread was fine, Lettuce was fresh. Tomatoes were good. Too many onions, but hey: take e'm off. This was the winner of the night. Zucchini fries - also nice! Breading was again a winner, and the zucchini wasn't overcooked: it didn't snap, but it didn't squish. I rather liked it.So: deep fried and breaded stuff with hit and miss flavors for whatever food was encased and featured. Presentation was mom's house, but I don't care. Room is a little tight and busy, and MAN is it noisy. Family land: great for kids and families in the early evening when we showed up. Service was clumsy and irregular but always extremely polite and eager to help. Price was a great surprise - seems very reasonable. No wasted time on 75 exotic beer selections: a couple popular crafts, the regular stuff, fair prices on mixed drinks - smart to focus on the cuisine, even though it needs some maturity. I need 125 beers to choose from I'll go to Taco Mac (and starve to death rather than eat the tripe they serve) or the Saucer.So: grow up a little bit, cover your seasoning skills under the batter and be flexible, keep that oddball attitude among your staff (kinda like the Pizza Peel; friendly and aloof and always willing to make you happy) and this tight little room could be a serious contender for my money.
3	So, I guess I am a glutton for punishment.  Tried Leroy Fox again.  I have several issues - 1.  If you change your menu items but still hand out the old menu, at least have your waitstaff inform you when ordering of the change.  Hubster ordered the double breast dinner (he says breast always come in two - yeah right!) but when his dinner arrived there was only one.  We asked our waiter about it and he shrugged and said they were losing money on the two chicken breast dinner so now they only serve one breast.  That is fine but a heads-up would have been nice.2.   If you advertise 1/2 priced wine on Mondays which has become the norm, you really should clarify that is by glass only.  We got all excited about the $30 wines on the menu (all wines are $30) that we could try for 1/2 price only to be informed the 1/2 price was only good for glasses, not the bottle.  Again, meh ok - kinda picky but whatever.3.   The last issue is really not the fault of the restaurant.  Parents - the outside patio is not McDonald Land - don't let your kids run around on the patio so that waitstaff who are carrying glassware and hot plates have to dodge your rugrats.  Just because you choose to sit outside does not mean you don't keep your kids at their table.  I love kids but not when they are left on their own to find some source of entertainment while you sip your wine and converse with your friends.  Ok - enough venting.  Probably will not go back based on the lackluster menu - too much chicken - although zucchini is awesome.
5	I ate here again a week or 2 ago and of course the food was good as always.  Not sure how it can be nasty, however they cut back on the portion size and that made me upset.  What I got last time, I got it again this time paid the same price and got a whole lot less.  Not that I'm greedy or anything but I like bringing food home to eat the next day for lunch.  So I'm upset about that if you are going to cut back on the portion size cut the price as well.  And yeah the mac and cheese was super cold, all food should come out at the same time hot.
5	Went here while in Charlotte this weekend fordinner. It was really good. I may be kind of biased because my sister works here (she just gave her notice actually because she is moving back to the northeast but anyways) the service was great, food was awesome and prices were decent for what you got. We had the mini pretzel nuggets for an appetizer. YUM! Three dipping sauces. I was in love. I ordered the shrimp and grits for my main dish. $14. Just the right size and it filled me up. Shouldn't have finished it but i could not let it go to waste. Hubby is in love with the fried chicken. He got the three piece with mashed potatoes, white gravy and a bisquit. He loves. Said it was his fave meal all weekend. I will make sure this is a place I go whenever in Charlotte !
4	Leroy's is a place that's easy to love. It's in a great location and serves a sort of southern bar-food menu. Their fried chicken presentations have been universally excellent (I've tried the regular fried chicken as well as a few of their fried chicken sandwiches and a new breakfast biscuit chicken sandwich). Their grass-fed burgers are excellent, and the grilled chicken dip sandwich was very good the first time I ordered it (and overcooked and lousy the second time). They have great beers, a fun ambiance and a generally excellent staff. I shaved a point from my review because of the inconsistencies we've noticed. We showed up for brunch one day (at a time that their website advertised they'd be open and serving) only to discover that they had not yet started serving brunch (though that has since changed). My biggest issue is when I order the same menu item twice and get differences in quality; their fries are generally excellent, but sometimes soggy, and I received a dry, overcooked chicken sandwich on one visit. Still, the vast majority of the food we've gotten at Leroy Fox has been excellent and it's great to have this in our neighborhood.
4	Amazing! Went with a large group of 16 and they easily accommodated us and the service was fantastic; the staff was attentive and quick. The food was delicious. The table had an array of food between the perfectly crispy fried chicken, the amazing zucchini fries, the fried chicken sandwich, BLTA, and a bunch of other things. The zucchini fries definitely deserved all the rave I've heard and I don't know how anyone can make hot pretzel bites taste so good but they managed. Hailing from Miami and dining with all southerners, they were all more than satisfied with Leroy Fox's. We will definitely be back on a regular basis. They only lost one star on a personal taste level - the live music on Thursday, Friday, and Saturdays. While the musician was fantastic and the choice of music was wonderful and the concept is great, for a restaurant that's a little smaller in size, it was a bit too loud. For being 9 at night on a week day and being a restaurant and not a bar or lounge, I wasn't ecstatic that we could hardly hear one another. However, this will not stop us from returning. It's too good not to go back!!
4	Cool place.  Only been here for lunch but never had a bad experience.  Food comes out quickly too.Placed an order to go recently and came to find out the prices on their menu online aren't the same as the menus at the restaurant.  Wasn't that big of a deal, couple extra bucks doesn't hurt but just something to point out.Cheers!
5	Amazing comfort food! The BBQ chicken sandwich, the burger, the 'Caroline' chicken french dip style sandwich, all great. Nice atmosphere, reasonable prices and a great staff, ask for a bartender called 'Goat'
2	Have had good and bad experiences. The last was bad. Don't go during the hours between the lunch crowd and dinner. Our service and the lack of effort to fix the situation was bad.
4	Leroy Fox (no relation!) is a recent addition to the Cotswold dining scene, occupying the space which previously housed Hotel Charlotte. The focus here is on chicken and from the above fried chicken salad, Leroy Fox has their chicken recipe spot-on. I also tried the shrimp wrap, which included chopped tiger shrimp and bacon. To me the bacon overpowered the shrimp a bit too much but it was delicious nevertheless and the zucchini fries are really something to try. For dessert I tried the tasty brownie sundae with ice cream - a great choice for sharing. I look forward to coming back soon for the whole pieces of fried chicken. Leroy Fox also offers a kids menu and a gluten free menu. They are open late, serve brunch on Sunday beginning at 10 AM, offer live music Thursday through Saturday nights and have wine, beer and cocktails including special brunch cocktails.
4	Went to Leroy Fox on a Friday night and loved it.  Fresh beers at the bar from OMB made the wait for a table a little more tolerable.  Food was great, at least mine.  Pretzel appetizer is great, as are any of the fried chicken sandwich selections.Personally, I thought the honey buffalo was the best, but took a bite of the gravy sandwich and it was incredible too, although it could've used a side of gravy to dip a little into.Others got the tiger shrimp wrap and weren't impressed, but everything I had was great!
4	This place is on-point if you are looking for good old fashioned southern cooking in a cool atmosphere.  The old Hotel Charlotte was nicely transformed into a trendy, sports bar/southern comfort type environment.  Well done.Between the 4 of us we tried quite a few items on the menu.....We tried the fried zucchini sticks which came with a spicy dipping sauce and they were awesome.  We tried the mashed potatoes, cheesy grits, fried chicken, baked beans and chicken salad.  All were phenomenal.  I have to give a special shout out to the lovely waitress, Erica, that offered our table a free dessert.  It was a heath bar blondie....yes, you heard right.  It was smothered with whipped cream, drizzled in caramel and chocolate sauce and it was heated through.  It was divine.  Their whole dessert menu looked scrumptious so I'd go back just for that.They sell T-shirts as well.  I'm not sure I get the point of that but some of them were pretty cute....especially the ones for females.  However, $24 or $25 for a t-shirt of a local restaurant hardly seems worth it.  Just my opinion.
4	I finally had the opportunity to check out Leroy Fox on Friday night, and I was not disappointed.  Since the weather turned a little cooler, we decided to sit outdoors.  The patio has a very nice and cozy vibe and I like the decor. I had a hard time deciding between 4 and 5 stars for this review... so I will break it down individually. Service: 5 stars - our server was friendly, professional, and on top of things. Way to go! Appetizer: 3 stars - we ordered the pimento cheese with grilled pita points.  The pimento cheese was a bit on the sweet side which I found a little odd... I would prefer a sharper or spicier flavor. However, the pita was on pointe! It was freshly made in house and had excellent texture & flavor.  I loved the pita but not sure I would want the pimento cheese again. Fried chicken: 5 stars - I don't normally order fried chicken, but had heard good things about theirs.  I went with 1/4 North which consists of a chicken breast and wing.  This fried chicken is without doubt the best I have had in a long, long time!  When I bit into it, there was an explosion of flavor in my mouth... wow!  The crust was crispy and seasoned perfectly. The meat was tender and juicy.    They brine the chicken for 24 hours prior to cooking it and it was absolutely fabulous.  I am not sure what they put into the coating mixture, but it was yummy - I think I detected a hint of chili powder or cayenne pepper.               Cornbread muffin: 1 star - I love a good home-style southern cornbread. Sadly, on my visit, the cornbread was dry and tasteless... it was about as appetizing as a piece of cardboard. I took one bite and was done. White pepper gravy: 3 stars - I am not normally a huge fan of gravy, but this was pretty tasty. They serve it on the side so it doesn't make anything on your plate soggy (which I appreciated). Mac & Cheese: 2 stars - this was the most disappointing part of my meal and I wish I had skipped it. The mac & cheese was made out of Cavatappi (corkscrew) pasta which is ok but just not what I expected.  Also, they used a white cheese as the base. Not a problem, but I would have preferred a much stronger, sharper cheddar sauce.  Overall the cheesy sauce was just not very flavorful.  I was really expecting a more traditional southern mac & cheese like the casserole-style that my grandma used to make. Wine: 3 stars - I had a sauvignon blanc for $7.50. It was ok but served at a little warmer temp than I would have preferred. Beer: 5 stars - I tasted the Cottonwood pumpkin ale and loved that it was served in a glass rimmed with cinnamon & brown sugar.  Yummy! Cost:  3 stars - I think the prices are a-ok.  Overall, I think our tab came to around $50 for 2 beers, 1 glass of wine, an appetizer, and 2 entrees (before tip).
4	Leroy Fox has become our go-to place when we want a casual bar and grill that is a notch above  places on Montford Dr. and has more personality and better food than the regional sports bar chains. The food is not your typical bar food. It has a definite Southern theme and the fried items are, unfortunately for my waistline, their strength. Fried chicken and fried zucchini border greatness. The staff is always very good too. It can get a little loud and the patio is sorta weird because it is basiclaly in the parking lot with a wall in between. Sometimes its crowded and sometimes its wide open. We have gone on Friday nights and had our choice of tables with zero wait, and we have also had to wait on a Wednesday. The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because the parking is a pain and the patio is not the best. But if you want a bar and grill and want to step off the beaten path, this place rocks.
4	I have been to Leroy Fox a few times now and have not been disappointed.  The food is awesome - on ladies night (Tuesday nights) they have awesome drink specials and the most delicious vegetarian nachos... I wish they were available all the time!  Unfortunately, the only have steak nachos on their regular menu :(I also have tried the Southwestern Salad, which is good but definitely needs to come with avocado!!Overall, a cool spot to eat and hang out and I'll definitely be going back soon!
5	YUM, YUM, YUM.My first 5 star review for a Charlotte restaurant.  A cool but relaxed and unpretentious ambiance with huge plasma TV screens that will satisfy any football-loving boyfriend or dad.And the food - not even worth me elaborating on, b/c I'm just gonna lose my entire evening describing how absolutely delicious, succulent, generous, and crazy good everything is.MUST HAVE = Zucchini fries.  They DO deserve to be "world famous," like their menu says.  The dips that come with the appetizer are amazing too - remind you a lot of the ranch & chipotle dip that California Pizza Kitchen offers with their Avocado Club Egg Rolls.So far, I've tried their Shrimp & Grits - very generously sized and great quality.  My sister had their BBQ Chicken Sandwich - um, to die for.  Definitely recommend.Overall, everyone should give this place a try & give it some serious business.  No complaints over here!
5	I love everything about Leroy Fox, including the fact that it's less than a mile from my house. It's a place that both my fiance and I can agree on. I like the crowd, the service is friendly, there are both healthy and not-so-healthy options, and it's a great place to bring out of town guests because it has a lot of Charlotte charm. It's a wonderful place for fried chicken, mac and cheese, or a yummy salad. Leroy Fox has my vote!
4	I had the chance to have lunch a couple of times over the past few weeks and both experiences were good.  Service was great both times with food coming out quickly, glasses always filled and attention to detail.  Wide variety on the menu from several sandwich options, salads and bigger entrees.  First time out, I had their basic burger called "the prohibited burger" and it was quite tasty with the combination of short rib and chuck in their ground mixture. Also, since they grind their own beef in house, they can cook it to your liking.Second time out, I had the BBQ Chick Chopped Peach salad, which had chopped peaches, red onions, tomatoes, cheddar and grilled bbq chicken with sweet vidalia onion dressing.  I was a little skeptical going in, but was pleasantly surprised how all the ingredients worked together.  My only issue with the salad was the amount of dressing, which was excessive for me.  I will ask for the dressing on the side in the future, but I would certainly order this salad again.All in all, really good food and atmosphere at Leroy Fox, and they look like they have a good adult beverage menu as well.  I will have to return to check out the libations.
4	Great vibe, especially for the area.  A welcome addition to the dining and drinking scene in CLT.  They are dong a great job.  More places n town should learn from them.
4	We visited Leroy Fox this past Saturday night for the first time.  They don't accept reservations (except for big parties), so we took our chance, hoping that it wouldn't be too long of a wait.  Fortunately, despite the restaurant being packed, there was hardly a wait at all (only a couple of minutes), and there's a BIG waiting comfy area anyway.  Our first impression of the restaurant was the fantastic outdoor seating area.  It's all enclosed so you actually feel like you're not jutting out into the parking lot.  If it wasn't 50 degrees outside (the outdoor heaters still weren't doing the trick), we would have liked to have sat out there.  But then we would have had to contend with the smokers out there, too, and that would not have been fun.  Just passing through, we noticed the smoke tended to linger in that enclosed area.  Bummer.  Maybe summertime outdoor dining might not be an option either.  I really liked the interior of the restaurant, too.  It's casual, but very nice with the rustic wood.  Our second impression of the restaurant was the loudness of the place.  Wow.  We got used to it after awhile, but it definitely was crazy loud.  Sound really carries throughout the whole rectangular-shaped dining room.   Their drinks are very reasonably priced.  It's not often you see beer anymore at those prices without being "on special."  We opted for the fancy hard liquor drinks, though, which ran about $8-10 (also good).  I tried the Pamarita -- tequila, Pama, Cointreau, and sour mix.  They definitely do not skimp on the tequila!  You get your money's worth, and it tasted great, too.  For an app, we shared their "world famous" zucchini fries.  They were really big and tasty.  The fried coating on there tasted like KFC's fried chicken coating to me!  It was very peppery, just the way I like it.  I'm usually not a fan of fried chicken on the bone, but if it tastes like the coating on the zucchini fries, I might give it a try.  I saw lots of BIG plates of fried chicken go by our table.  Their portions will satisfy hungry appetites.For my entree, I opted for the Honey Buffalo chicken sandwich.  It was sweet and spicy with blue cheese crumbles melted on top.  Very good, just like the zucchini fries.  To give my body a break from the fried app and entree, I picked a side salad as my sandwich's side.  It was only a $1 more.  They do have a wide variety of other sides, though, too, so you don't always have to have fries.  Would we go back?  Definitely.   The food was "foxing fantastic" (their phrase, not mine), the service was great, and everything was very reasonably priced.  The downsides are that it can be quite loud in the restaurant and if you want to sit outside in their awesome-looking patio, be prepared to inhale second-hand smoke.
4	I am a pretty simple girl when it comes to food a drink so that is probably why I liked this place so much. Give me the original fried chicken sandwich and some cheap miller lite and I am happy and Leroy Fox serves both, all the time. I have tried several other menu items and the only thing I am not a fan of is the mac n cheese (just find it to be bland). My husband loves the BBQ peach (insert some type of meat) salad. The first time he had it, he talked about it for days. The next couple of times, he just talks about how he still can't believe how good it is. I like to get one of the big booths in the back or grab a seat at the bar. I find some of the table seating to be awkward, but I am like that everywhere I go. The service is always fine and this has quickly become our go to spot when neither the hubs or myself want to make a decision about where we should eat. Just a heads up- it can get kind of loud in the space, especially on live music nights but that isn't enough to keep me away. I think it is just a sign of a fun place full of people having a good time.
5	Looks a lot better than Hotel Charlotte, less Charming, still they fixed it!  No hugs by an incomplete Stranger!!!  Since I did not speak Football, my "server'" quickly handed me off to someone who spoke, Hungry Chimp!  I'm so hungry I have to get an appetizer to have enough Brain power to read enough Menu to Order!What's in a Name???  Leroy Fox!  First I'll ask some questions... Do I want these Zucchini Fries as L' Fox intended!!!  YES!!! They are GREAT an easy five stars, think about GREAT Fried Chicken, then replace the Chicken with Big Chunk Sticks of Zucchini!  WOW!!! Did NOT Believe until I tasted them, so Glad to-be-so-wrong! GREAT Flavor!  Fox Please keep these!!!  Forget what I said before!  One time Unbeliever, now BELIEVES!!!Pretzel Appetizer!  You have my attention now tell me... "Flash fried" Sounds Great!  Not Great - AMAZING!!! !! !  My New Favorite Pretzel!  Wins the virtually unknown Rod0 award for Creative Geniusry!  Served with (you could lose stars for this) Ranch and Honey Mustard [next note : YOU better do better]... The Pretzels win 5 yelp stars!  More Creativity Needed on these sauces!Burger!  I did not know they had Burgers, I had not read reviews and really NEVER planed on eating here. EVER! In fact I had planned to NEVER eat here ! ! !  If they did not have Burgers I would go to somewhere across the Lot!  They do have Burgers and they are Excellent! I will bring my Fiancee here so she can replicate the Bacon Marmalade so I can eat it at home on everything, especially a Large spoon! The Burger is "Blended whole cuts of USDA Choice Short Rib and chuck" ground and shaped somewhat burger-like! So when they saw my Camera during the appetizer they knew they could keep it slightly pink in the middle (not red, pink and barely and only in the middle,middle center) meaning PERFECTLY Cooked (hey George, bet you would like this one) They said they will make it more rare for you if you like! ! !NEEDS some HELP!  Fox, are you listening ?Fries too!  Their Fries are not as good as a few places (very few) still good enough for about 3.70 yelp stars - still these make my "Lonely Fries" yelp list!  The quantity of Fries is Gargantuan (as a side with a Burger).Need A LOT of HELP ! ! ! Mac and Cheese PLEASE START Over or REMOVE this Dish!  Better REMOVE it!  Very Poor! Pasta Salad (NO Mayo Yay!) the Flavor is too BLAH!  Revamp or Get rid of it!Sauces: : With the Exception of the Very Exceptional Bacon Marmalade the Sauces need work (they are the opposite of Good) Fox, you came up with Bacon Marmalade your Creativity can NOT end there!!!  How about a Moonshine BBQ Sauce???Dessert???  Consider two things: 1.)   I'm getting Dessert, here or somewhere right after I leave 2.)   Sitting before you are two Men (both me) one you should be Very afraid of, now where is my Dessert!!!  It all sounded too healthy for me!  Here are my ideas for FOX * * * Note to the Owners maybe something like Beignets or some Deep-fried dough delight Dipped in Chocolate, then sprinkle Powdered Sugar on top and serve it with a little Toyota on the side, maybe some kind of exotic Gelato!  Break the Bank or Millionaires Coffee if you must have it so healthy!  3.)   Dessert on Fire - Use someones Imagination and get on it Fox!Is this a Sports Bar???  PLEASE Do NOT tell me because that would ruin it for me (I hate Sports and Sports Bars)!  I would never ask someone who works here... Because, really do I want to know?  Nine TV's Mmmm I think it is a Sports Bar, ooohhps 10 counting the one outside... No TV in the Boys Room!  That  is a dead-giveaway unless it is the only one in the place... Gotta be able to check the scores, right?  Right!More enjoyable and better food than Hotel Charlotte and still some of the old H.C. Doors!  Boys Room is almost the same, very close friends of complete strangers, still better than incomplete ones!  Advantage Leroy Fox - No one at the Door offering to hug me, Nor in the Boys Room!!!  Boys Room has a Working Lock on the Door - Advantage Leroy Fox!  Justin Kasee!Girl walks in takes a seat at the Bar  (True Story) orders a Beer and chats with the Staff - She is looking for a job (HERE)... I think this was a good approach to get comfortable with the Staff!  Did they hire Her? These are NOT the Jokes!
4	My husband and I often stop in here to retox after we detox (look for us at the bar in yoga clothes, often still glistening with sweat).  The pretzel bites and the zucchini fries (more like sticks) are fantastic.  The dipping sauces are great!  The boom boom sauce is perfectly spicy... I wish I could recreate this at home. Dinner:  I did not enjoy my dinner.  Get the fried chicken.  My husband did enjoy his buffalo chicken sandwich.  I had some kind of salad-- obviously not a great choice in a bar but there veggie selection is limited-- it was not great but what is great is their brunch.  I prefer that to their dinner menu.  They also offer bottomless mimosas and bloody marys but-- good grief-- who can partake in that at noon on a Sunday?  Not me.  If you can, stop reading right now and say a prayer of thanksgiving.   The french toast, the omelet, the toast and grits, is all great.They have a good beer selection on tap.  What they do not have is a good wine selection... this is definitely an area in which they can (and should) improve.  They have several specialty cocktails which usually are good.  There bloody marys are delish... especially the bloody martin.  They have a cute little side room that you can reserve for parties. They have also been generous in the community, hosting fundraisers of various sorts.  Their marketing campaign-- Leroy Fox for President-- was awesome.  I loved seeing those signs in front yards.  "Free chicken for everyone."This area needed this spot.  Hotel Charlotte had seen its better days... and the face lift and the thorough cleaning this spot got is great.  Even the restrooms aren't awful anymore.  I wish they had left the train running around the ceiling...This is also a fun place to watch a game.
4	Not sure why it took me to long to check out Leroy Fox, this place is super fly.I love the rustic but sleek exterior: gray washed beams, with cute pergola topped patio. The interior has just as much personality. As a design nerd, I totally fell in love with the exposed brick, paneled ceiling, and mouding. Along the walls are super cute vintage-looking prints of animals on book pages, LOVE. I also wanna give props to the amount of seating in this place, especially all the booths.My only complaint is that the menu is not especially vegetarian friendly. There are some appetizers to choose from, and then sides (you can make a sides plate: $11) This place seems way too cool to be ignorant of all of us herbivores...I ordered a "Sideways Plate" which comes with your choice of three sides. I ordered the mac n cheese, cheese grits, and zucchini fries. I ALMOST ordered the green bean casserole, but luckily I had our server check with the kitchen and yes, it's made with chicken stock... BOO! No fair. The mac n cheese was ok. Good, but nothing special, won't waste my time with this again. The cheese grits were pretty good, but not my favorite in town, but I'll definitely order them again. The shining star of my plate was the ZUCCHINI STICKS. Oh boy, these things have a ZING! Super crispsy, chunky, and filling. At first I thought it was the sauce, but the breading on these things is spicy. I like moderately spicy things and these sticks hurt so good. If you like foods with a little zip, make sure you try the zucchini sticks.The staff here were excellent. Nice, helpful, attentive. Kudos.
2	Slow service. Slow seating. Food is very average. Much better options. Such as Eddies Place, Duckwoths, Kickstand etc.
2	First I want to say that I have waited until last weekend to visit Leroy Fox's. I wanted it to get the newness out of the way .What I found on last Sunday early evening  was  sadly that I should have waited longer.Let me explain#1 My date and I went early enough to have some time before the busy time to talk and enjoy the Sunday at a new place to eat. When the server came to take our drink order I had told her that it was our first time and needed her help around the drinks and food... She offered a starter that we ordered when it came we found it was so really over coated w/batter that it was a pile of batter on a plate that she took away. She then by that time had come by 3/4 times asking too many questions about what we had in mind to eat...Isn't that alot?  When knowing we had never been there before and were in deep conversation each time..It didn't seem to matter to her as we could see on her face as she walked away. ..We did order main dishes ,2 of the same and they came cold .  And with food still on the plates she again and came back 2 more times to ask if we wanted more food ......No we wanted to finish our food and conversation w/o her there with us .I don't think I have ever had that much inter-action with a server anywhere........ It was a Sunday early night meal ,not a Friday or Sat date night w/a packed house......I ask that this be looked into and hopefullythis does not happen to others..I ask that this be a learning tool........It does look very nice and that seems to be the best I can say.
4	Went on a Saturday afternoon. Food was great! I had the wings with mac n cheese. The mac and cheese was creamy with white cheese and the wings were fried and lathered with sauce just right!  Service was a tad slow considering there weren't a lot of people in there but still a delicious meal!! Also, you wouldn't know from the outside but the inside is very classy and appealing not your typical hole in the wall bar.
4	First time here. Inside much nicer than the outside area. Robust menu with lots of good choices. Had honey buffalo chicken sandwich with side salad (just $1 more). Wife had the buffalo chicken sandwich with a generous portion of shoe string fries. Both sandwiches extended well beyond the boundaries of the bun. Food quality was very good.  Our server was friendly, efficient and checked in frequently. She kept drinks filled. I'll certainly be back, just hope parking is better.
1	Horrible service with a side of bad attitude. Didn't even stick around to see if the food was worth it.
4	What a cool spot!  The interior was super trendy.  When I arrived I found out Tuesday nights are half-off wines by the glass and bottle.  CHA CHING!  The zucchini fries were great...that Boom Boom sauce definitely had a kick.  I thought the shrimp cocktail was also cool and different since it was grilled and not cold.  More my style.  I ordered the grilled chicken entree.  It was ok, nothing like my husbands fried buffalo chicken sandwich.  I should have gone that route.  Mac & Cheese was a bit cold but the green bean casserole was phenomenal.  For dessert we ordered the bread pudding and HOLY MOLY it was yumm!  We will be back!
4	I like Leroy Fox a lot. Their menu is small, but mighty - I've been craving their zucchini fries since I last had them and their fried chicken and mac n cheese are pretty solid too. The best part though is sitting outside when the weather's nice with one of their many lovely cocktails or brews. They welcome well-behaved dogs on the patio, so it's a nice walk there and after a few delicious dragonfruit or iced tea cocktails, a pleasantly tipsy walk home.
4	Oh Leroy Fox, your zucchini fries stole my heart (or rather, my stomach) at first bite.  I can't say this place necessarily has a lot of healthy eats, but what they do have is some pretty tasty Southern cooking.My partner and I have been here twice now for dinner.  Both nights we came, this place was PACKED.  The tables are pretty close together, making it a little difficult at times to navigate through this place.  Still, they have plenty of tables and a decent amount of space at the bar.  The decor is great, with nice earthy tones, dark wooden tables, and hanging lights.  The staff has been incredibly friendly and our food came out reasonably quickly.  Prices are very reasonable as well, with most of the dinners at $11-16.  It does tend to get a little loud in there when it's crowded, and don't even get my started about that tiny parking lot.  But don't let those things deter you.Now, onto the food -Fried chicken: I'm not  going to lie, it is pretty  amazing.  The batter is crispy and perfectly seasoned, and the chicken is moist and flavorful.  The second time I had it, it wasn't quite as good and was a whole lot spicier than the first time.  I imagine maybe it was an off day. (4.5/5) Prohibited Burger: the patty itself was pretty good, and the meat tasted higher quality than standard beef.  The brioche bun was good as well.  I was quite excited about the concept of the bacon marmalade, but it ended up being a little too sweet for my taste.  I don't know why I'm surprised, since it IS marmalade.  Still, overall it wasn't bad, and if I'd been in the mood for that sort of thing, I might have liked it more.  (3.5/5)Fannie Flag: I loved the batter, but the tomatoes were a little too vinegary for my taste.  The sweetness of them grew on me after a while, and I liked them with the boom boom sauce.  (3.5/5)Zucchini Fries:  THE MOST AMAZING THING ON THIS MENU!!!!  These might be my favorite fried veggies anywhere.  The batter is very crisp and flavorful, and they are cooked so perfectly with just a little bit of crispness in the middle.  I could make a whole meal out of these.  (5/5)Cheese grits:  Pretty good, and plenty of yummy cheese.  Not my favorite grits, but they're pretty solid.  (4/5)Mac-n-cheese:  I give them mad props for having an original dish.  It's more like a parmesan and garlic macaroni dish, which was pretty good.  (4/5)Toffee Tollhouse:  Really, can you go wrong with a big cookie topped with ice cream?  Definitely not here!  I loved the blondie, which was soft and buttery delicious.  The caramel drizzle was a perfect addition.  (4.5/5)J.D.'s bread pudding:  After it cooled a few minutes, I really enjoyed it.  It had a great balance of sweetness and I loved the sauce.  (4/5)I can see myself coming here pretty often.  I'm so glad to have great Southern cooking close to my neighborhood.
3	The night before we left Charlotte, we decided to go to Mert's downtown, but when we got there, we discovered that once again we had managed to visit North Carolina during a basketball tournament.  Parking was pretty hard to find, traffic was heavy and we decided we would not get into the restaurant, so we used our fall-back, Leroy fox, based on reviews for the fried chicken.Ms T had chicken fried chicken, which is a breast that is fried and served with pepper gravy.  She substituted mac 'n cheese and grits for her sides.  I had fried chicken with mashed potatoes and gravy and green bean casserole.The fried chicken is good, a little non-traditional with a fairly heavy coating.  The coating is however, crisp and well salted.  The chicken was moist and hot.  There was plenty of black pepper and a fair amount of sage in the coating making it somewhat unique.  I did like it.Ms T's chicken fried chicken was Ok, nothing really special.  We both found the pepper gravy to be too pasty thick, like it is only thickened with flour and not cooked down cream, but it also had good black pepper flavor, which I like.  The mashed potatoes were certainly home made.The cheese grits had good corn flavor and were not overcheesed.  The mac 'n cheese was cavetappi with a smooth white cheese sauce.  It was a creamy style, not baked or if baked, not in a small pan that allows it to setup.  The green bean casserole was the only miss for me.  The green beans had a lot of strings in them so Leroy needs to find a better supplier of green beans.  I don't know where you would even go to find green beans that are stringy these days.  The casserole was over thickened a little.All in all this is pretty good food.  I would say strong three stars, not quite four, but it wouldn't take much to fix a few details and be there.
4	We have been to Leroy Fox several times and our most recent visit was a couple nights ago.  We were seated quickly upon arrival and the server took our drink order right away. It was fairly crowded for a Tuesday night.  The place has a comfortable feel. There are booths, tables, and you can sit at the bar. Behind the bar are many TVs.  My wife and mother-in-law ordered the fried chicken.  I had the chicken fried steak and my son had the BBQ sandwich and my daughter had the mac and cheese. A couple, pieces of the fried chicken were not cooked thoroughly so we sent it back. Two entire meals were returned to us and they comped our desserts.  They handled the situation perfectly. Things can happen once in a while anywhere but the way it is handled is what counts the most and Leroy Fox knows customer service better than most. The food was very good. My daughter loves the mac and cheeses and my chicken steak was delicious.  The asparagus and fries are also good. The desserts were tasty too.  The food, service and ambiance are all reasons to return to the Fox.  It is a good value too.
4	This was the first time going to Leroy Fox and the food & service was great. The favorites were Leroy's lemonade and the honey buffalo wings. This could quickly become one of my favorite places to go.
4	Our second time here. This time we ate outside, more pleasant that I had imagined, especially if like a lot of rustic wood. My wife had a chicken salad that she enjoyed very much. I had the honey buffalo chicken sandwich ( didn't realize it was the same item I ordered the first time here). I can't be certain but I could have sworn that the size of his sandwich was substantially smaller than the last time I was here, but I just could be "misremembering". Food is tasty and satisfying; still a fan.
2	First things first, let's talk about the ONLY reason to (in my not so humble opinion) visit this restaurant...  Fried Chicken!  It's good.  No, It's really, really good.  If you need something tasty along with it, try the zucchini fries.  They're good, too and the dipping sauce is perfect.   And there ends my praise for the Fox.  Sadly, everything else I have tried on the menu has been bland, or just fallen short of my expectations.I've tried the catfish, the fried steak, the BLT, and several other things.  Everything tastes like they're out of seasoning.  After my last visit, I won't be back.  There's just too many other great options.  I would meet friends there if asked, and if so, I'd get the chicken.The place is also pretty loud and the tables are crowded.  Service has never been an issue, the wait-staff is very nice.
5	I'd heard about Leroy Fox and had been wanting to check it out.  Believe me when I tell you LEROY FOX DID NOT DISAPPOINT!  We of course had the fried chicken (1/4 North).  It was amazing!  The flavor was great. Even in the usually bland breast meat, the brine they use gave it great taste.  The skin was crispy and was seasoned beautifully.  For a side, I tried the zucchini fries.  They were recommended and well worth it.  The rest of the menu looked good.  But I can't wait to go back for more fried chicken!Outstanding!
4	My favorite meal is brunch. If I could, I would brunch all of the time. Leroy Fox served up a great brunch (it didn't hurt that I was in terrific company). My friend wanted to try Leroy Fox because she heard they had a Bloody Mary bar on Sundays, but unfortunately, when we arrived, they didn't. I won't complain about the $4 bloody mary special though, and when I asked for spicy, they definitely delivered. Best bloody I have had in Charlotte (but I hear Boudreaux makes a mean one).We enjoyed drinks on the patio while waiting for a table outside (we were in a couch,c hair situation). However, everyone who had a table outside never wanted to give theirs up, so after about 1.5 hours of drinks, we realized we still wanted to eat, so moved inside for brunch (it's still brunch if it is 3pm right?).I really wanted an omelet, but their omelet station closes at 230, so I settled for a traditional fried chicken sando and mac and cheese. SO GOOD. I also shared the pretzel bites with a friend. Definitely get the queso dip with those.I would love to come back to try some breakfast food (the french toast looked amazing). Overall, the food was solid, our waitress was attentive and it totally was a satisfying brunch. Nom.
4	I can't believe it took me a year to make my way to Leroy Fox! This place is fantastic. We went with friends for drinks and a late lunch the other day and had an excellent experience on the patio. The drinks were creative - served in Mason jars - how can you not love that Southern touch? Our appetizers and salads were all delicious. I wanted to take the Boom Boom sauce home with me... The restaurant looks nice inside and out, the service was spot on, and the menu looked good... This is a great place to hang out with friends or take your kids. I can't wait to go back -I want to  check out their brunch!
5	Went here a couple times with my girlfriend and actually we never went inside. :)  They have a great patio area and both times we sat outside to enjoy the sun.The lunches we ordered kicked butt so much so that we came back the next day for lunch again (the zucchini fries are addictive). The servers were great and when we brought our dogs the second time they put some water out for them.Definitely going back...
4	I finally had the chance to check this place out and its really a step up from a neighborhood bar. Fairly modern for a bar. Nice outdoor seating and the food is terrific. Yummy zucchini fries, green bean casserole and BLT. That's all I tried and everything was de-lish!Warm, friendly service. Well minus the hostess...she had a touch of an attitude.
3	Been twice, once for dine in and once for take out. The dine in experience was much better than the take out. Service was great both times even though the waitress made sure to point out that the burgers were pricey. They will customize your order. The burger was quite tasty. I did not enjoy the bacon marmalade as I did not know it was made with onions (that was my first try of a marmalade). For the to-go trip, the beef was not nearly as tasty. It was disappointing since I had talked up my first experience. I will definitely try it again but there are cheaper, tastier places to get burgers in town.There are many different types of tables that you could be seated at and there is both indoor and outdoor seating. The seating runs into similar issues as it did when this location was Hotel Charlotte, it can get a bit cramped. The two-tops don't provide a lot of space for food and drinks if you do more than 1 drink/entree per person. If you plan to move along the bar, you'll have to do some scooting and maneuvering if parties are seated at the tables nearby.
4	Had lunch today with my wife. A nice glass of Sangria for $6 was a good choice.  The fried chicken salad with nicely prepared; greens closely cut and plentiful, and topped with 3 good sized tenderloins.  I had the BBQ chicken sandwich, my first time having this. Had a bit of a bite and was topped with bacon and swiss cheese. This time the sandwich was plentiful; with a good portion extending beyond the boundaries of the bun.  This was a hefty, good lunch.
4	Saw all the great reviews about this place, and as I was in the mood for some fried chicken, decided to check this place out. The restaurant itself and the atmosphere was great. Very trendy but not overly done. Inside seating was a little tight, but not terrible. There were TVs to watch, seats were comfortable and the place was clean. The host was friendly and so were the waitresses. I ordered the 1/4 South with Mac & Cheese. While it was not exactly what I was hoping for, it was delicious! It was more of a modern twist to a southern comfort meal. Don't get me wrong, it really was outstanding! The chicken was lightly fried, the skin was crispy and the cornbread was perfect. The macaroni, which was a surprise, was a in a runny cheese sauce instead of the thick cheesy mess I was hoping for. It was still great though!I went on a Thursday night and it was still relatively busy, but I hope to go back on a Friday night and hear some of the live music.
4	We visited this restaurant on a Saturday afternoon.  I loved this restaurant!!  The food was good, but I think it was the clean, well placed table and overall feel of the restaurant that truly added to my overall satisfaction. I felt comfortable and relaxed as I ate and enjoyed the predominantly mellow crowd.  Now for the food. My husband ordered the fried chicken and macaroni and cheese, which was accompanied by cornbread and white gravy. I had the BLTA (bacon, lettuce, tomato and avocado...although I had mine without the avocado), and the shoestring french fries. Everything was good, however I found the macaroni and cheese to be a little bland. Salt and pepper probably would have remedied that. My BLT(A) was great!!!  I loved the pickled green tomatoes that added a bit of sweetness to my savory sandwich. The white gravy complemented the fried chicken very nicely. I would no doubt return to this restaurant.  Next time I might eat outside on the lovely front patio....it looked lovely!!
4	I love their pretzels!! So delish! They also have a great chicken salad.  My only issue is that their champagne is $38 a bottle- would be ok if the bottle was worth that but other places sell it for $24.
4	First time today for lunch. Loved the decor and outdoor patio ... original art, was nice touch.  We ate inside in a raised little semi private area called the Chicken Coop.  It was perfect for this special lunch occasion (graduation)..  I had the Philly Cheese type open face sandwich which was outstanding, one of the better such I have ever had.  I optioned for the $1.00 extra side salad with house dressing.  Loved the dressing and the salad, total was like $10.  Very reasonable.  Everyone enjoyed their meal, that's for sure, no matter what they had.  Excellent waitress as well.  We asked for extra things, and got them promptly.Decent china, and silverware -- and they even had a designer bud vase with real flowers on the table.  A cut above similar places. Plenty of TV's around, but thankfully the sound on them was turned off.  I could live without the TV's, but I guess they try to be a sports bar for bigger games.  Bar is long and useful, but not much in use for lunch. Parking is limited a bit.  Diet Coke was flat, not enough carbonation, I wish they would properly adjust the equipment they are using  -- many places have a similar problem. Would be better to serve it out of a can, you certainly pay enough for it to have it be correctly formulated and fresh. I might bring my own can next time, and just pay for ice setup. I have done things like that at other restaurants before,--   to make the dining  experience a little better.   That's all that keeps this place from being 5 star for lunch.  Oh, did I mention fairly interesting and extensive lunch menu?  And surely they have a chef with some experience and training --- the food has a bit of a flair that doesn't always happen in places like Applebees which are similar in nature.  And I think this place offers better pricing, as in "more value" than Applebees.   The other reviewers confirm my opinion.
5	Found this place on Yelp yesterday and we tried it last night for dinner. Great food, great service, good prices! We will definitely be back!
4	I like the srimp with sweet sauce the portion is some kind small the zucchini. Fries is too spice  not mild.i will be back again
3	I was really excited to try some southern fried chicken and sides and went to Leroy Fox with a group from work for dinner. The service was wonderful, the appetizers tasty but the mixed drinks were sent back, totally watered down and tasteless, and the famous fried chicken was sub par. The mac-n-cheese was delicious and easily the most enjoyable part of my meal. I plan to give it another chance, with my husband and dog (dog friendly patio!) for brunch to give it one more chance.
4	So happy this is in my neighborhood! The service, food, and drinks were great! My husband had the buffalo chicken sandwich. It was awesome! The zucchini fries are a must and the mac and cheese was tooo good. I wanted more! We had the hotel charlotte cocktail, which was worth the $10.00. We will for sure be back!!
3	I have heard a lot of mixed reviews about LF.  I give them higher marks for a fab patio and delicious cocktails.  I find the food lacking, with the exception of the savory creamy pimento cheese and pita appitizer.  Awesome!tObviously, LF is known for fried chicken, so the menu features A LOT of chicken dishes, too many if you ask me.  I went for the chicken fried chicken wih mac and cheese and my friend Lauryn ordered the chicken grill.  My chicken filet was over breaded and too spare on the gravy.  My other side with the mac and cheese was another specialty, the fried zucchini. The zucchini also suffered from an overload of the same batter as my entree.  I did enjoy the creamy white cheese mac and cheese on curly tube pasta (sorry don't remember the italian name for the noodles.)The patio is a relaxing with a rustic vibe and some beautiful hanging plants.  You can tell a lot of thought was put into the patio and it shows.  Our cocktails were quite yummy too.  I had the Selwyn Ave. and  Lauryn chose the Sassy martini, we followed them with Red Sangria (her) and an ice cold Stella for me.I would definitely hang out again for drinks and apps, but my skip the dinner menu on a future vis
4	Went here with the wife tonight. Because of our schedules, we usually have dinner late (Late usually being around 10pm, sometimes later) I went to my trusty Yelp app to find "late night" restaurant options nearby and poof, found Leroy Fox.Driven by this place a number of times, but never knew that it would be so cool inside. Upon reading a few reviews from friends it was "Go time!"I really like the layout. Big tables. Very comfortable space in the dining room. You can sit at the bar, sit at big tables or booths. I know, that's just like everywhere. But this is different. It's cool. Trust me. The way it's set up if you're at a booth, you're not that close to the bar. So if you're on a date or something you won't have to be around too much rowdiness. It felt like just the right amount of tvs in there too.Some places have too many tvs and it's almost distracting. They hit that perfect balance here.There's also a very cool outdoor seating area. I can see myself coming back for evening drinks or happy hour or something. Very cool outdoor area with tvs. Now onto the food and service. The menu looked awesome and we were super excited to try some of the things on the menu. Then we were informed that because of the time we could only order from the late-night menu. It was kind of a bummer since obviously the late night menu isn't as comprehensive. We had to compromise from our first choices. But my wife enjoyed her chicken sandwich and pasta salad. My chicken tenders and fries were pretty solid too. I look forward to coming back and trying some of their other specialties. The service wasn't bad. Our hostess got our drinks started and server took care of the rest. He was friendly and chill. He wasn't super attentive, but it was later in the night and things usually are slower. Overall the service was fine.The prices were reasonable and they even have a cool selection of gifts/shirts, etc.I could see myself buying a shirt one day. LOLIn any event, I like this place a lot, Definitely recommend it!
4	First time here. Inside much nicer than the outside area. Robust menu with lots of good choices. Had honey buffalo chicken sandwich with side salad (just $1 more). Wife had the buffalo chicken sandwich with a generous portion of shoe string fries. Both sandwiches extended well beyond the boundaries of the bun. Food quality was very good.  Our server was friendly, efficient and checked in frequently. She kept drinks filled. I'll certainly be back, just hope parking is better.
4	Leroy Fox was a pretty awesome place. Stopped in with my boyfriend last night for beers and I was an instant fan. The atmosphere was cool, hip and laid back. Plenty of space at the bar (even though they were packed for a baby shower) and Ryan took great care of us. He even sold us on the Pimento Cheese and warm pita bread appetizer... and I'm not even sold on Pimento Cheese yet, but it was very good. Local craft beer on tap (I had NoDa Brewing's Jam Session and my babe had Birdsong's Higher Ground IPA) which I love and just relaxing conversation. I will definitely be back for a full meal next time!
5	Fried chicken to die for. Kayla waited on us which was just a treat she's absolutely amazing
5	I enjoyed the atmosphere, the staff was chipper and pleasant!  Our food came out quickly and correct.  I had the Carolina chicken sandwich with sauteed onions and their specialty sauce (boom boom), it had lots of flavor that worked great together. We ordered the fries crispy and they were exemplary! My niece ordered the grilled chicken wrap and said it was really good, too.
5	Eat here. Do it. Dooooo it. Big fan of Leroy Fox in Cotswold. Stopped in here a few times now. And always excited when I do. Out front is a covered patio, perfect for any summer weather since there's plenty of shade. Only downside is small patio so I always have my fingers crossed I can eat or drink outside but have yet to do so... next time I venture to Cotswold, I'm going to awkwardly stare at patio tables til someone gets uncomfortable, leaves and I can jack their table... you've been warned. But the inside is relaxing - cool, laid back vibe with a long bar and a front area decked out with couches for your lounging pleasure.The menu is sensational with southern-inspired entrees scattered throughout. Last time I stopped in, my date and I posted up at a table and started with the zucchini fries. Whoa. Very good. The fried coating around the zucchini rods was seasoned perfectly. And out app was served with boom boom sauce, a orangish dip with a slight kick. Perfecto. Believe these fries would also rock with a side of sour cream.Next I opted for the grilled chicken club. Fresh ingredients and drizzled with a sweet honey mustard. Light dinner choice (if you're starving I wouldn't advise it) which is exactly what I wanted. And I snagged the mac and cheese as a side.I saw a list of drink specials for every day of the week, which I love when specials are valid on the weekends as well, yet I chose just to stick to a refreshing Angry Orchard.Already decided my next meal there will be the honey buffalo sandwich, topped with blue cheese crumbles and sweet green tomatoes... you got to know a place is good when I already have my next meal planned out!
4	Went here last night and I was pleasantly surprised by the service and the food.  We started off with the zucchini fries and pretzels with different sauces.  The honey mustard sauce with the pretzels and the 'boom boom' sauce with the zucchini fries were my favorite.  I wasn't very hungry, so just got the grilled Buffalo salad, which was very good; love the dressing.  Everyone's meals looked great. Wish I wasn't full going there or I would have stolen from their plates.  I would like to try the pimiento cheese appetizer next time.The dirty martini was perfect and the Leroy's lemonade was great - love any drink that comes in a mason jar.  The atmosphere was very loud and there were a lot of kids there, so this will be a family night out type of restaurant going forward, vs. dinner with friends/sans kids.  Our waitress was fantastic - knowledgeable about everything on the menu, friendly and very accommodating.   Will definitely be one of our go to restaurants when we go out with the kids.
4	The fried chicken and zucchini fries were AWESOME!! My husband had a burger with Mac and cheese and loved it. It was really busy just after we were seated so the service wasn't a 10 but our waiter was very nice. We will come here again when we're visiting Charlotte.
5	Great atmosphere  loved being able to have a beer and watch the panthers.  The fried chicken is really worth coming here. I will come when I have a hankering for fried chicken again. I was disappointed in the cheesy grits - very bland. I had to ad extra extra salt and pepper to add flavor.   The bar selection was ok. I'm on the lookout for locals and had a couple nice ones. Server was friendly and ok.
1	My husband and I decided to come in for a couple of drinks and some zuccini fries and to sit outside on their patio because it was a gorgeous day.  So, we walk in and sit down and we wait, and wait, and wait and then wait some more while two different servers were checking on all other tables and never once made eye contact with us or acknowledged us in any sort of way....seriously, they were completely ignoring us.  So we decided to leave but on our way out we were going to stop and tell the hostess about our experience, but of course, there was no one there.
4	Love this local joint. They did a great job with the remodel - from back in the day when it was Hotel Charlotte.  Awesome patio and inside bar with a ton of tvs.  Better than your average bar food.  Great salad choices, wraps, po-boys, etc.  They are known for their fried chicken, but they do have some healthier chicken dishes too.  Don't miss the pretzel appetizer with the kicken' queso!
5	As is my habit, I took out from Leroy Fox the other night. I ordered grilled chicken, asparagus and French fries. The French fries were great and held well on my way home (except for the fact that many disappeared on my way home.) As I've mentioned before, how a restaurant packs a take out order is important to me. Leroy Fox did a good job with that. All of the food was cooked properly, was flavorful and was fine when I made it home. The server was helpful and friendly.
1	went there a few weeks ago and got really Bad service which made the food taste really bad.  We were seated and placed drink, appetizer and food order.  Another party sat next to us about five minutes later, they got their appetizer and food before us. we sat there watching other folks get served; I asked for a manager and never got one.  Still waiting for our food and some guy comes to our table and wanted to clear our table ( we haven't received our food yet).  I went up to the hostess and asked for the manager and manager never came; no apologies from the wait staff.Finally get the check but I did not tip my usual and wrote a note on the check for the manager to call..........still waiting for that phone call
5	Had lunch today around 2 pm. Plenty of parking available. Finally broke the code. Had my first Sweet Caroline chicken sandwich-delicious my new favorite. My wife had the fried chicken salad-food is always very good. Also very good cocktails at a reasonable price. Great job all the way around.
3	The zucchini fries here are more like cayenne logs, so spicy they're inedible. It doesn't say spicy on the menu.  Mine weren't cooked all the way through - not even fork tender.  Needless to say, I'm a little picky...Chicken wrap was very good!  Bacon was crispy and they had no problem leaving the cheese off for me.  French Fries were thin cut and cooked perfectly but a little heavily salted.  Overall not bad and I look forward to coming back to try more on the menu.
3	Just a quick review which I'll redo once we get a chance to go back and actually eat there. We went in yesterday (Sunday) around 1:30 and it was SO LOUD that we sat for a minute and then had to leave. The courtyard out front looked great and the noise level was perfect, but now I know why it was full. We'll be back.
4	Very cute place with a nice patio and a great menu with a gourmet Southern flair.  I've been here for a Yelp event where we sampled some of their breakfast bites to tempt us back for brunch (which I hope to enjoy come Spring) and for lunch with a dear friend.  I know it sounds crazy but I tried the chicken tenders and they were very tasty!  The batter was perfectly crunchy and not too overwhelming.  I will say that I would like to give this another chance come warmer weather to really enjoy the true vibe!
4	Very good brunch on Sundays. Didn't have a reservation so had to wait a while, make a reservation if you can. Parking is limited in a small lot. Service was a bit slow but the place was packed.
5	Leroy Fox has some of the BEST fried chicken in Charlotte! The atmosphere is very neighborhoody and fun. They have drink specials, and the bar seems to be trained well... I've never had a complaint about a drink.I love their country fried steak... but the chicken. The fried chicken is seasoned beautifully and fried crispy yet juicy inside. It really is a beautiful thing.Everyone raves about the zucchini fries, but I just think they're okay.
5	I love this place.  My friends started to come here for the bottomless mimosas (give me a Copper though!) with Sunday brunch. The brunch menu features customized omelets, chicken and waffles, and other fun and exciting stuff I have yet to try.  The place is packed so it's best to get there early or late, but not right around noon.I haven't had a bad dish from here yet.  If it's a Panthers football Sunday you may even get a drink from the Miller Light ladies who pass out free bottles of miller light and sometimes some swag as well (got a bottle koozie last time).
5	I love Leroy Fox for many reasons. I love there concept and atmosphere of the place. I love the hard wood flooring they have, to the more upscale food but with the casual attitude. I love the half off wine specials they have, to the patio which offers a nice view of the metal ornaments they have on the outside wall.
2	Not loving this. Service a little below average. Food unremarkable.
5	Love Leroy's! The bar is long so there is enough space to sit solo or with a group of friends. They have a great outside space to enjoy on those fun summer nights or heat lamps are greatly appreciated on those not so warm evenings. I enjoy the modern twist to a casual waterhole. They have fun bites, I would suggest the pretzel bites or fried green tomatoes? You're welcome in advance :-)
3	I'm giving this restaurant a 3 star due to service (not food). I have been here on several occasions and had excellent food ESPECIALLY the mashed potatoes & Mac but the service was horrible! The waitresses aren't very concerned about their customers and take forever to do refills or check on you. Even though I've been unsatisfied with the service I would still recommend it, it's a cute little restaurant and has a relaxing atmosphere.
4	I love the look of the place, I went in on a Saturday afternoon and was lucky enough to find it not at all packed. Usually I stay away from restaurants on weekends for that reason. We were seated immediately and given menus to look over.I already knew I wanted to try their burger and my date was anxious to give the chicken a shot.I ordered a Prohibited burger. I absolutely loved the bacon marmalade...a great way to enjoy the flavor of bacon without having to gnaw on too crispy or too big pieces of bacon that can plague other bacon cheeseburgers.I wish there was more cheese on my burger, but I'm a cheesehead so perhaps I'm bias and someone else would not mind. Whenever I stop in again I'll ask for double the cheese!My date (daughter) was a bit underwhelmed with her chicken, she found it a bit bland. She is young, so she doesn't have the most developed taste yet- I will say she absolutely loves meat, I've rarely ever heard her complain about fried chicken.We both gobbled up the macaroni and cheese and would have rather gotten more of that than fries.I will certainly return to Leroy Fox, most likely when it is warmer so I can sit in the patio area. More cheeseburgers and mac please!
5	EPIC! Great place to hang out. Fun staff and nice environment. Start with the pretzels or steak nachos then get the chicken. Mac and cheese rocks too!
3	You have to get the fried pickles when you eat here.  The fired chicken is very good, the atmosphere overall is a little loud but it is a great restaurant to put in your rotation.
4	This is a great little tucked away place for food.  Inside is trendy and hip and outdoor patio is awesome.  I went for a brunch on Sunday afternoon and it was a beautiful day, so the patio was the perfect option.  Our server was friendly and prompt and shared specials (including a bottomless mimosa for 12 bucks!)  I opted for the Sweet Caroline Dip sandwich.  It was delicious and not being a huge fan of sweet potato the tots were surprisingly delicious.  My friend had the black bean burger with veggies.  (Def the more healthy option.)  It was delicious and had quinoa in the patty!  Overall food is really good.Service is good and personable.  The only part I didn't particularly enjoy was when I ordered my mimosa I was only intending to have one, but was charged for the bottomless.  But, if you are having more than two, this is the better option.  If you are in the area you should give this place a shot!
2	Sub-standard. Prices are high for what you get and customer service is always lacking. I end up going quite often because my office likes to lunch there and it's also near my home, but it's never a great experience and nobody EVER acknowledges that I'm a repeat customer, which is one of the most important (and easiest) tricks in the book to win over loyal customers. I've ordered salmon there multiple times and only once have gotten it cooked to the temp I asked for. They do have great salads and a really tasty Shrimp Po' Boy, but I never feel like going there. And I'll never book my Social Supper group there. Will do fine because the neighborhood literally starves for good restaurants, but if you gotta' go out? Go to Block and Grinders and receive a smile when you walk in the door.
4	Dinner time hit, and due to us being out of towers, I headed to Yelp to find a place to grab a bite to eat.  We were not left wanting after an amazing dinner here.  Great cocktails, and amazing food left us more than satisfied.  I had the catfish and loved it!  The next time in town, you will see my smiling face right back in another booth here, and I expect my mason jar filled with a cocktail to be waiting.
4	Had a take out a few times lately, and food was good, like that they put the chicken in a separate container from the salad.  The downside it the concept of take out doesn't seem to be friendly enough, you have to fight your way through the bar crowd to the back of the place and hope to get someone's attention to find your food.  Wish they could put it up front and let the hostess finish the transaction or something.
3	the waitress service is suspect!!!  they sat us  in a corner and forgot about us!!  our waitress was horrible!!!!!!! and rude!!!!!    but the food is good!!!!!
2	What does this fox say?  He says "There's better food than this in Charlotte".  The wife and I dropped by this much-hyped Sharon Amity eatery Sunday after church.  While Sunday after church is usually a suicide time slot, the wait was short and the staff very nice.  The dining room was packed and loud but not in an off-putting way.  The lady at the hostess stand, the waitress and even the busboy were all great, offering kind words and big smiles along with the fast service.  On an accessibility note, I will say that my wife is in a wheel chair and everything was very easy for her, no steps, a nice ramp outside and wide doorways.  The biggest turn off, aside from the food, is the limited parking situation.  We had to make a couple of laps before a spot opened up.The food was not what we were hoping for.  Having read several glowing reviews in the local papers, we were looking forward to a good sit down restaurant that really knows how to make great fried chicken and wonderful home-style sides.  Looks like we'll have to keep looking.We both had fried chicken, so I can't speak for any other entrees etc.  The chicken was just OK.  It was hot but a little greasy and way too dry.  I expect it was overcooked.  The highly touted brine and seasoning process didn't bring much to the party.  Could have used a little more salt and a little less cayenne pepper.  The corn muffing was OK, but not even warm enough to melt the room temperature honey butter.  The mashed potatoes were OK, the texture was a little loose and not a lot of flavor.  The mac and cheese was a huge disappointment, slightly warmer than room temperature and totally devoid of flavor.  They should have called it just Macaroni because for the life of me I couldn't find and cheese or any flavor. Maybe the biggest disappointment in what was turning out to be a symphony of inefficacy was the so-called banana pudding.  I've seen it recommended by other reviewers and since, I am a fan of the dish, I gladly shelled out 6 bucks to give it a go.  A huge bowl of very thick flavorless pudding like glop filled the bottom of a large bowl.  there were 3 banana slices stuck into the gloppy mess and on top was a huge pile of flavorless whipped cream with exactly 3 hard vanilla wafers stuck into it.  a fourth vanilla wafer had been crumbled over the top of this disaster.  Absolutely no flavor of anything, much less banana.Maybe the burgers and some of the other sides are better, but I won't be finding out.
4	Leroy Fox is a little out of my stomping ground, but the fella and I made a point to try it one Sunday morning for brunch. They don't open til 10:00, so I was a little bit gnawing my arm off, but it was worth it.As we walked up, I noticed how cozy the outside patio looked. It was too cold to sit out there, but I made a mental note for a future trip. There are heaters around and a TV, and it looked like a nice place to hang out. Inside wasn't anything like what I expected, but I loved the old Hotel Charlotte doors with the bar that runs the length of the restaurant, and the booths that sit up a little bit with a window overlooking the tables.I was hoping for a few lighter choices on the brunch menu (I know, I know), but I went with the make-your-own omelet. The fella noted that he's never seen me order an omelet - because I feel like the innards are never that great - but this one was decadent. I ordered ham, bacon, red peppers, and cheddar cheese, and I couldn't stop eating it! The fella got Which Came First (this place loves its chicken), and he loved it. The side of grits were good, but he said they needed just a smidgen more seasoning.There were a few, tiny service mistakes - we got the dinner menus when we sat down, and we got two coffees and a water instead of two waters and a coffee - but our waitress was so apologetic and sweet that I didn't even mind.By the time we left around 11:00, the place was hopping! This place may be off our beaten path, but I think we'll have to adjust our beaten path again pretty soon.
4	Really good fried chicken, and the Pink Lemonade cocktails are out of this world.
3	Friendly service and plenty of space inside. It just gets crowded with the limited outdoor seating on nice days. Prices were fair and the chicken was a hit or miss.We ordered the breast, leg, and thigh platter, and unfortunately, they gave us two thighs instead of a breast.  After informing the server, he immediately suggested to get us a breast piece, even though I told him not to worry. Once that piece arrived, it was freshly cooked, making it perfect and juicy.  However, a friend at the same table ordered the same thing, and afterwards said that his piece was too dry and needed extra hot sauce to liven it up. Dry breast meat is the worst, so hopefully you get a fresh piece.  Not sure if I'd gamble again on the chicken.  Will have to try some of their other dishes.Also, we really enjoyed the sweet potato tots as probably the best thing to get off the sides menu.  An afterthought is their banana pudding.  For serving southern style fried chicken, their banana pudding was plain and the wafers were hard.  They need a better recipe for that.
2	Sad to say. Came to bar for a drink and take out. Sat.  Finally was given a menu. Sat. They were too busy for me. Ignored. Left. Went to place in the same parking lot (Eddies. ) they were equally busy but I was served within a minute or two.
2	The patio area was busy but inside was slow.  The atmosphere is dark and dreary, gloomy.... but the food was ok.  Many better places to eat in Charlotte that make you feel welcome, too.
2	The food is really good, particularly the fried chicken (their signature dish).  I also love their side dishes.  I tried the porkchop once as well, which was great!  My only issue is their service is really inconsistent.  I have been here three times.  Of the three, I had adequate service once.  The other two times, the servers were slow--not checking back to see how our food was, not refilling drinks, etc.  Last time, our server was outright rude.  She made several mistakes (forgot our appetizer, cornbread, did not refill water) and only offered a half-hearted apology.  She rolled her eyes at my husband.  Just totally uncalled for.  Honestly, I love their food, but I probably won't go back here when there are so many other options in Charlotte.  They really need to invest in some server training.  Also, it would help to have a manager out walking the floor.  I have never seen a manager here, and would definitely have welcomed the chance to give feedback in person rather than on Yelp.  I really wanted to like this place, but I don't because of the poor service.
2	Caesar salad with chicken- no good.Ordered blackened wings, got buffalo instead but server insisted they were blackened. Carolina dip is excellent
5	The experience was excellent. Had my bday dinner there and I swear everyone enjoyed their food
4	Another place I have heard so much about, and it has taken me forever to check out. I made it to Leroy Fox finally! I liked the vibe immediately, Leroy Fox seems to standout among its peers on Sharon Amity. I wasn't expecting such a large space, but when you walk in, you realize, this is BIG. It has plenty of seating, bar space, and TVs. The bar has some great local beers and other fun selections. The hosts and waiters were all very friendly and efficient.I have not had a chance to dig too deeply into the menu. I've had a few bits of the chicken wrap, and it was so YUM! The chicken had so much flavor. I had the Grilled Buffalo Chicken Salad- again, lots of flavor and freshness. I can't wait to go back and dive deeper into the menu!
4	Had to wait a while to be seated because it was busy but service and food were great!
2	This place is incredibly loud and full of little kids.  If you aren't up for that, then don't go here.  The food is "good" not great.I have children too, by the way and this was outta control both times I was there.
5	OH MY GAWDDDDDD!!!!!Go for brunch or regret all your life choices.  I went on Sunday with three of my friends and I couldn't decide who's meal was better because everything we ordered was fantastic. Even the coffee was above the cut. I had a chicken biscuit that made Chick-fil-a taste like crap. (and I LOVE chick-fil-a) The bacon was crispy and thick, defying all  logic, I know. Anyway, the real reason I'm even writing this review is the cheese grits.Let me say this again GET THE CHEESE GRITS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I left the restaurant in the cheese grit euphoria... unlike food high I've ever had. My friend and I were having an overall tough weekend and we both agreed no matter what happen for the rest of the day, nothing could bring us down from this grit could 9. The bathrooms are individuals, which I like. No listening to other people's convo's while you do your business.  They have outside seating and a FULL BAR.If you're a panther fan, they have a super signed hemet behind the bar!
5	The food is always top notch, favorites are the sweet tater tots and the pretzel bite appetizer.
5	Such a beautiful renovation from the former Hotel Charlotte. Though I miss the train I am okay with open spaces. Always love coming here to feel nostalgic. It's okay though because the honey mustard is still the same.I had the pretzel appetizer tonight. I might go back just for that. With the cheese (worth the extra $1). Also Tuesday is half priced wine. So...you know I'll be back.
4	OK. I must be fair. Since my last review, I have visited this establishment several times. (It's near my work/home.) And I have to say...WELL DONE!!They have stepped EVERYTHING up. Servers have learned to acknowledge their regulars. The food has shifted and changed in quality to the point of, well...pretty darned good yumminess! And, truly, their outdoor patio, just can't be beat. It's gorgeous. Amazing "live" art. TV's and just the right amount of shade/sun for those who love shade/sun.So - I'm completely changing my story. And I'm completely thrilled to do so! And I'm completely going back. Again....and again.........and again.Yay! Another yummy neighborhood spot!!
2	My rating is based on the entire restaurant experience.  We've ate here before, but this time for our first brunch here, we made reservations via Yelp's Make a Reservation feature through Open Table ONE Hour in advance. We showed up on time and the Hostesses "clarified" that we should have called and made it over the phone instead because it takes a few hours for the their system to even process. If this is thus restaurant's process, Leroy Fox (via Open Table) should not have allowed guests to book reservations near their desired meal time. Now we had to wait an EXTRA 20-30 minutes to be sat.  Completely disappointed in your "reservation process", Leroy Fox - Why even offer this Open Table online reservation to your guests to begin with of you are suggesting them to call Instead?
5	This was my first time here and it was amazing. The best appetizer was the fried zucchini. To die for!!!! I had the chicken fried chicken with Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. It was very good. The chicken was seasoned well. All of their salads are very good as well. I will be going back next week.  Very nice ambiance as well.
1	Dont go hereWe decieded to go here for breakfast today and we left at about 11:30. When we got there They told us it would be 15 mins to get a tabel, we got one 30 mins later. We sat down at an area so loud You couldnt hear yourself think, And by the time we got our food it was like 1:30 ONE thirty!!!!The food turned out to suck so i didnt eat and we ended up going to poppies bagels, a much better meal.
1	This is my 3rd visit and I have to say it has been terrible every time. Tonight the service was the worst, i. Will not be back.
1	Let me just start by saying this is my first review ever.  I am very easy to please and eat just about anything.  It was also the first time I have ever complained about food to a server.  Parts of the meal were fair.  The fries were inedible: chewy and cold.  I told the server and he said he would "bring us a fresh batch".  Never got them and no mention when he brought the check.  An $80 meal for 4...could have gotten better at nearby fast food and for much cheaper.  We will not be returning anytime soon.  Unfortunate since we live in the neighborhood.
5	We reserved a private room and from the minute we walked in everyone seemed eager to help and get all of us settled in. The male waiter took our drink orders and followed  with out dinner orders. I had the chicken fried chicken w the cajun fries and the seasonal vegetables. The food looked and tasted fresh. It was very tasty!  Hubby ordered the chicken sandwich came w fries and a chicken sandwich dip. It was spicy and tasty. We both cleaned our plates. Then I looked over and noticed everyone else had clean plates also. Our server checked on all of us often but not enough to annoy. Overall the food the service and location were great. Bathrooms were clean.
3	Food is great. Just found out today that they are not doing bottomless mimosas anymore. Even though they open at 10am they cannot start serving mimosas till 12 and they are now $3 each. :( not their fault about the time because of the state laws but will personally not be back for brunch because of the mimosa deal :/
4	We went here for Sunday brunch. I was excited to check this out after hearing it's owned by the same folks that own cowbell and mortimers. The patio is a really cool atmosphere and it's neat that they have big screens mounted outside. We had the Zucchini fries and they were awesome! The eggs Benedict was also great and I liked that they used chuck Taylor roll instead of Canadian bacon to give it a little twist. The cucumber tomato salad was pretty good as well. The service was friendly but extremely slow. They didn't refill our drinks until we hunted them down. Not as attentive as I would like. Overall solid spot and I will be back next time I venture over that way!
4	I would definitely recommend this place but if you are a foodie, you won't be "highly" impressed.  Don't fall for the "tour" as it only takes you around the restaurant. You have to be part of an official tour to see the escape routes that run under the restaurant.  The gift shop is phenomenal and you have to visit if you stop by. Overall, nice experience.
3	Food: I came here with a large group and started off with an assortment of pretzels/dips and fried green tomatoes. I wasn't a big fan of the pretzel dips but I did enjoy the novelty of the fried green tomatoes as I had never had them in my life. For my mail course I ordered the salmon filet with mac/cheese and seasonal vegetables. The salmon, veggies, and mac and cheese were all well cooked and not over/underdone, though I did feel hungry after the entree and thus ordered the berry tart w/ ice cream for dessert. I definitely enjoyed both my entree and dessert, but I wouldn't call them special in any way, except for the mac and cheese, which is more like "coils and cheese" which I definitely liked. It would take me too long to explain but I think a few patrons have posted pictures of the mac/cheese to illustrate that they use fancier pasta :-P.Service: Because we were in such a large group, service took longer than expected for both the entree and dessert. That being said, they were very courteous, and I my water was refilled regularly.Establishment: The establishment itself is PERFECT for sports fans. I came on a Sunday night and there were big-screen TVs everywhere with each of the NFL games on a different screen.  It was wonderful and if you hate your family, you can just stare at the TVs all night. It's also clean, comfortable, and great for groups. I didn't use their bathroom but it seems like the kind of place that would have a nice clean bathroom.Conclusions: To summarize, this is a sports-bar + restaurant that makes simple, American food that won't wow you, but won't leave you disappointed.
4	Paul"s Y Rating: 3.5 Stars Rounded up to 4Came in because I had such a great time at a Yelp Elite Event earlier this year, and I was in the area, and said, WHY NOT? I am glad I did. I have not tried their "world famous" fried chicken so this was on my agenda. (Side note: just what the F#%+@$&k does "world famous" really mean? Like they know about this place in Zimbabwe? Just ssyin.....Hummmmmm)Sorry for my digression.....back to the review. Could have gone straight bare fried chicken boob plate.....BUT I asked my (really cute by the way) waitress Kayla about their fried chicken sandwiches and she said that HER preference was the Piemento and Egg fried chicken sandwich. So I said let's do it! Uhhh, ahem, No, I didn't mean "do it" (with the really cute waitress)......Crap maybe I did in a Freudian way.....Uggggg. Bad impure thoughts. Bad Paul Bad Paul! Lol....More digression....feelin frisky today.....Duh.......Back to the fricken chicken!So this sandwich comes out with supposed "Cajun" Fries and looks and smells incredible! See my pic.So......The Good - The chicken! To me its better than Price's. Half the bacon was very crispy the other half probably lost that edge under the hot bun. It's ok. The egg! Excellent addition to this sandwich!The Ok How I Wish It Was better - The bun, described as Brioche. Hum.....this was NOT a Brioche bun. Sorry. It didn't have that requisite butteriness that a true BRIOCHE bun has. IF this sandwich had the real Brioche bun this could be a Top 10 in Charlotte sandwich. The Meh - The fries. Very AVERAGE! Guys at Leroy Fox you descibe them as CAJUN FRIES. There wasn't one molecule of any Cajun Seasoning on these relatively limp fries! Come on how hard is it to put a simple dusting of Zatarans or other CAJUN spice on the fries? And you need to CRISP THEM UP!The Ambience was good, felt more like a Sports Bar than classic restaurant with all the TVs on the sport channels. And the aforementioned waitress.....ah to be about 25 years younger......Overall I can see why the close-by locals really love this place. Sure I'll be back
4	Leroy Fox has a pretty sweet setup, the atmosphere is like a sports bar but a little more fancy. Reserved a table and they had it ready when we arrived. They are known for their fried chicken but I was feeling a sandwich that night (Sweet Caroline Dip) very good but a little too much bread. They've got a wide variety of menu items and a few unique ones such as the zucchini fries, they were really tasty, I'd recommend them. Service was good but they weren't super crowded for a Sunday night. I'd probably go back and try the fried chicken.
1	Saw the New Years Event on Eventbrite and thought, "Wow $60 for 5 course meal AND 2 drinks" thats where I need to be for New Years!! Boy was I disappointed. Not only was the food cold and stale like it had been sitting there all day but it took 15-20 min to even get the plates of food. What a disappointment! Based off of this I will NEVER be back in.
