3	This place is in the Old Fado's Irish Pub, the layout is a little odd as a resturant but the food is great, I also saw that they had a Wii in the upstairs loft.A few highlights from what we had.The Buffalo Wing Bites were great (buffalo chicken stuffed in wonton wrapper)The Chicken Wings were goodThe Cheesecake was solidMy friend had the Pancakes your way (you can add pretty much anything to them) the stack was huge and the pancakes were really good.The Truffle Mac and Cheese was average at bestThe shining star of the night was the PB&J Dessert, it's deep fried PB&J mini sandwiches with a strawberry dipping sauce, they were AMAZING.I will be going back, their brunch menu looks insane!!!They also had a musical act while we were there his name was Jeremy James, he was a nice addition to the atmosphere. A one man band that took  requests and did everything live without backing tracks.
4	In the location of the former Fado, this place is a pretty drastic change from what it used to be. The interior is more open and painted mostly white. More of an upscale vibe to it for sure.I showed up wearing flip flops and a t-shirt, thinking it would be more of a pub vibe, but felt very underdressed. The other people there were a lot more dolled up, to say the least. I ate the buffalo chicken bites, which were very tasty, and the mozzerella squares. Also very good. The menu had a good variety with some interesting sounding items. Like the kobe beef corn dog. I didnt try it, but it sounded unique. and sashimi of yellowtail, as well as a stack of pancakes served however you like them. Service was good. Bartenders were quick with the drinks. I will be going back for sure. I need to experience the Kobe beef corn dog before I die, thats for sure. Its been added to my list.
4	The food and the ambiance is good.  We had the brunch and they have a  "to order" all you can eat.  They have a pretty good selection at 3 price points which I think is a pretty good idea.  I had the pecan sticky buns, cheese blintz, omelet, my partner had the yogurt parfait, omelet, and cinnamon raisin French toast, and then my friend had the cheese Danish, omelet, and 3 orders of steak and eggs!  My food was pretty good.  My partner had a good meal also.  My friend loved the food so much he kept on ordering the steak and eggs.  All in all, we spent 49 bucks for the 3 of us.  With what my friend ate, that already was a good deal.   The ambience of the place is nice and clean.  The only gripe I have with is the staff.  I didn't have an issue with the server but the guys who helped the server had an air of rudeness.  It's not like he was overtly being rude but he was emanating it.  Not sure if he was having a bad morning but it was very noticeable.  Overall, the food is good for the price and I love the decor.  Will definitely go back to experience a different menu.
4	My flight was delayed so luckily my parents live near by so I didn't have to be stuck at the airport for several hours.  I was annoyed and wanted a glass of wine or cocktail, but didn't want to go to a casino or anywhere with a crowd of tourists.  So I decided to go somewhere the locals would go, and thanks to Yelp, I found this place.  It was exactly what I was looking for.  I love the tall ~vaulted 30ft floor-to-ceiling with the modern yet vintage-like light fixtures, and the dark wood and inviting bar.  Our waiter was super friendly and extremely attentive. My choice of wine was great, but i had to kick it up a notch due to my veins boiling from the involuntary choice of taking a red-eye flight back home.  I have to say their expresso martinis are excellent.  We had just appetizers: the Hamachi, calamari, crab cakes, mac and cheese, and arugula salad.  The food was good but really nothing spectacular.  Roger Federer was playing and on the other HDTVs the Dodgers were beating the Padres... don't know who actually won on either... I was enjoying my expresso martini and my conversation with my parents.  I will definitely come back when I visit them again... the expresso martinis were perfect... not creamy or sweet, but exactly how it should taste.  I loved it.
4	A really great atmosphere and much needed in Henderson area! Great vibe, food, cocktails, and best of all... desserts! Fun games and lounge area upstairs. Unique food on the menu... try the sophisticated version of a "TV DINNER"!!! Also the PBJ dessert...yum! First time there was drinks with my girls after work.. NZ Sauv Blanc bottle... perfectly priced! Second trip was amazing Friday night dinner with friends. All want to return again shortly.. and me, well... I'll probably become a groupie..
5	After going to the Grand Opening, which was a "who's who" of Las Vegas... I was tempted to dine there on a night that was'nt so packed. The Dinner was amazing!!! Great selection matched with great prices. I was first turned on by the decor, but the service and food was hard to beat!I then decided to go on a Sunday for brunch with my family. Again, blown away by the amazing food and prices. I could'nt believe how much we got for such a great price. My cheep father was happy too!!! HaHaWhen I went to dinner, I took some co-workers and friends and they were all very impressed too. Also you can't beat a place that has a free wii system to play and pool table!! We did'nt leave until 1:30am!!! HaGreat Place, Food and Prices! A def for locals!
4	First time I tried it out it was for dinner the first week it opened.  The server was attentive and our food was pretty good (tator tots, mac & cheese, and beef stroganoff).  I loved the local lounge atmosphere and found out they served brunch (my favorite meal of the day) which brings me to the next visit.I tried it out for the Sunday jazz brunch this morning/afternoon and got the continental, hot dishes, and specialty dishes option.  It also came with coffee that the waitress never offered us.  The very big down side is that you can only have one dish at a time including the continental items so if you wanted a slice of toast with your hot dish you're out of luck, you have to wait until you're finished and ready for the next option.  We tried almost all of the specialty dishes, all very good (chicken & waffles were my favorite) but I was VERY disappointed by the rotten tasting parfait and then with the strawberry plain yogurt I got afterward which had the same super sour taste (and the waitress said it was regular yogurt not Greek or anything special).  The jazz musicians were a nice touch but I wouldn't recommend coming here after a night of partying, I don't think it would mix well with a hangover.I want to like this place, really I do.  The atmosphere is perfect for a locals, visit every week with your friends, type of place.  Being a new restaurant I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and come back with the hope they will smooth out the kinks, hence the four stars.
5	I have been to this magical place about four times now and will be back four million times.It all started with a warm greeting by the hostess and stiff drink at the bar. The friendly service from the bartender combined with fast service by the server was more than I expected. My guest and I ordered the Beef Carpaccio and the Pigs in the Blanket to get started. Both were DIVINE especially the little piggies. The batter was crisp and the cheese fondue dipping sauce was a marriage of flavors in my mouth. Then on to the Turkey TV Dinner. This brought me back to the TV tray days in front of the boob tube days! The turkey was so tender and juicy and the sage infused stuffing........I wish I was eating the leftovers as we speak. My guest had the Fried Chicken which was juicy, hot and tasty as well. I stole a bite of her biscuit when she went to the ladies room. Overall this place left me wanting more and more. My additional visits were spent upstairs playing board games with the 8 year old little girl I was babysitting and enjoying the Deep Fried PB&J and Pigs in a Blanket. We had a blast and the little girl LOVED the fact she could eat AND play board games! Definitely a kid friendly restauarant. I love this place and am so happy it's in my neighborhood. I plan on bringing my parents there and also celebrating my birthday there in December!
4	We didn't know what to eat for lunch on Friday...we were actually heading to Cafe Rio (another of our fave's), but at the last minute my wife see's Republic and mentions some of her friends loved it. Done, we change our course. And good thing Interior: It's turned the old Irish pub cave (Fado) into a much needed comfort food establishment/ entertainment/ sports bar. The decor was a stylish modern vintage look with dark wood floors, black tables/chairs, vaulted ceilings, gold designed ceiling tiles, white brick walls, & a fire place.. RK can seat I believe they said 150-200 people with the upstairs area-which also boasts a pool table, multiple board games, booth & tables, and a WII on a flat screen surrounded by couches.Service: The staff was excellent from the moment we walked in. Our server was  Very friendly and thorough in explaining the lunch menu. Our drinks were topped off before we needed it, dishes cleared in a timely manner without feeling rushed, and when we asked certain questions about hosting parties-our server introduced us to one of the owners who gave us all the info we needed.Food: It was a decent lunch menu. We ordered the Kobe Sloppy Joe with crispy Maui onions and fresh fruit bowl (I know...fresh fruit bowl hahahaha & the Steak em and cheese with fries. Both were very good. The Kobe Sloppy Joe was tasty esp w crispy maui onion. I enjoyed the Steak Em & Cheese...the meat was thin and you could actually take a bite without having to tear the meat. and it wasn't doused w velveeta cheese to make break soggy. The fries were crispy and served in a mini fryer basket which was a cool touch. The fruits were fresh-it wasn't just soggy melons...it had all your berries-straw., blue, rasp, pineapple, & melons.The dessert menu was simple- 8 choices but we opted for the PB & J- peanut butter wedges deep fried tempura style served with a strawberry jam & chocolate dipping sauce. We are peanut butter lovers so this was was divine...with or without the sauces. I was hesitant in writing this review because I am a selfish bastard and sharing is not in my vocabulary especially since RK is good eats and it's right in our backyard. But because I have discovered so many AMAZING PLACES by you AWESOME YELPERS all over the states- I will share *cringe*...hahaha We are sold on RK's comfort food and we can't wait to try their Sunday Jazz brunch as well as their dinner menu. All in alll it was a positive experience...good service & better food.ITADAKIMASU!!!.
3	Very good for drinks and appetizers. The starters were unique and there was a lot to chose from. The mains just seemed kinda boring. Love the space, the feel is different from when it was Fado's. I want to try the Sunday Brunch.
2	It might be a bit early to rate this joint as it's still fairly new... BUT, because it's new, I can't say that I had a great first impression.  Thumbs up to the atmosphere and decor - it was refreshing to see a bar in Vegas that didn't look like a typical bar in Vegas.  I enjoyed the live music - definitely a nice touch.. took a peek at the lounge but didn't find it too inviting... As for the food, the appetizer selection was great.. the entrees?  Not so much.  Had one of the "TV" dinners.  Wasn't expecting much so I would say I was indifferent overall.Our server wasn't exactly friendly and didn't appear to know too much about the menu or what beers they had in stock (ordered 3 different beers and they were out).  Growing pains I'm sure... but I think I'll give it a couple months before I give it another go.
5	Oh for sure on this one! We started with the Buffalo Chicken Bites, these were amazing. little bits of spicy chicken wrapped lite dough and fried. They were shaped like little envelopes that hadn't been sealed. Dipped in ranch oh yea! I had the Kobe Sloppy Joe for lunch. It was very good as well. The decor works very well and it has a game room upstairs with a pool table and board games. Might have to try the Sunday Brunch. Looks like it's priced right. Hats off to the Chef. This guy gets it!!!
5	I had dinner at Republic Kitchen tonight for the first time and was very impressed with the service, the decor, the menu, and the food quality. I ordered a couple of Pilsner Urquel's and the Turkey TV Dinner. What a great name for an entree...Lol It looked just like it's name! A ceramic tray with the little compartments for veggies (very fresh and good) mashed potatoes and a cherry cobbler. The Turkey and stuffing were really good. My friend's food was also great. The server was awesome and did his job perfectly! I am going back Sunday for their Brunch and Jazz!
3	Good selection of specialty drinks, decent selection of beer and wine.Average prices most of the time $10 martinis, $5 beers), very good prices during happy hour (4-7 and midnight-2am every day, I think).Good location (near my house!).Friendly service.Nice interior - classy and somehow urban-feeling, not at all like a PT's.My major disappointment is that I wish it was more of a bar and less of a restaurant. Please we really need some cool bars like this to hang out at in this area! Instead, the bar is actually roped off and the 15 or so stools inside the rope were all full when we arrived (10ish on a Sat night). So instead of having a place to lounge around and drink, we were seated in the restaurant area, among restaurant patrons, which doesn't really feel like "going out" on a Saturday to me. Now I do understand that Republic is an actual restaurant and that it's supposed to have some pretty good food, so I will return to try it for dinner and then may bump up the rating.However, I would really like to see an expanded bar seating/service area! Really! Stools, high-top tables, long benches along the walls, low couch-ish benches with long tables between them - anything like that and you would be my new go-to bar in the neighborhood!
4	My favorite thing about Republic is the decor!  The bar is amazing.  The food is very tasty, and the wait/bar staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  Although I really enjoyed my dinner (I had the Salmon), I wish that there had been more entrees to choose from.  You have to try the mac & cheese, and I got to steal a bite of my friend's lobster pot pie...mmm!My friends and I stuck around after dinner for a drink and some Wii bowling.  They also have a pool table upstairs.Although it is a little far from my neighborhood, it is definitely worth the trip.
1	When I see a new restaurant with a 4 star rating, I assume that I must be missing out on a really positive dining experience and make certain to add the restaurant to my 'must try soon' list.   On a similar vein, when I see a restaurant with a series of good ratings and 1 or 2 bad ratings, I think that the reviewer that posted the bad ratings might just be too critical or nasty.  But after dining here tonite, I think that the positive reviews for Republic probably came from friends or relatives....this place is THAT bad.  We started off with 2 glasses of wine that were noticeably under-poured (i.e. 1 followed the other).  When we received the second glass, we pointed out that it was under-poured by about 3/4 inch and it was returned to us with only a few additional drops.  As far as the food, we probably didn't order to best of menu since this place offers some unique comfort food dishes like fried chicken but we ordered an app (crab cakes), the spinach salad and chopped salad and had to stop there.  The crab cakes did not taste fresh at all, as if they had been in the frig for several days (and probably were), the chopped salad was minimal credible in terms of ingredients (iceberg lettuce, chicken, a little egg, tomatoes and bottled creamy dijon dressing) and the spinach salad was bland with wilted, soggy old leaves and dark edges and was barley tossed with any dressing.  Our server was disengaged from our experience so we didn't provide him with any feedback but it was interesting to us when another server showed up with a fresh bottle and glass of water at our table to welcome us even though our plates were cleared and we already paid (i.e. wrong table!).  I love to cook but also eat out about 2x per week in Vegas, Denver and So Cal and Republic tops my memory in terms of a bad restaurants.  I don't feel that there are many really bad restaurants out there but this is one of them. We weren't looking for miracles at this price point but the poor food quality, terrible execution and unprofessional staff hit a remarkable low.
2	Decor- AMAZING! Love the design and I was impressed with the space. Open, welcoming but still really modern. Doesn't feel like a "Vegas" bar at all.Bar- Nice place to sit and have a chat over a glass of wine or beer.Staff- a tad flighty, but experienced enough to get your drinks to you.....just don't bother them with food orders and god forbid you have to send something back!There were several of us eating dinner at the bar....and every single one of use sent something back.Food- well now. I loved the menu! So many great twists on there that I wanted to try...but I settled for a wedge salad and tater tots (easy, good items to compare apples to apples with as I had just eaten another wedge a day or two before)Wedge Salad- MASSIVE, there is NO NEED for 1/2 a head of lettuce on the plate. At least provide a 1/2 order  or small plate for those who want to enjoy the rest of their meal without wasting so much! Decent blue cheese.Truffle Tater Tots- how do you screw up tater tots? A total waste of the truffles- mushy, undercooked and no flavor whatsoever. I was embarassed for them and embarassed to have to send them back!Friends Ate:Tomato and Onion Salad- WAY WAY too many onions! Like a half of an onion versus 2-3 slices of tomato and DRENCHED in balsamic. Not edible- waitress/bartendress didn't think to ask if it was ok and didn't notice only a few bites were eaten.Chicken (veggies on the side)- Chicken was RAW on the inside. Ugh. Sent back and was so over cooked when it came back it was rubbery.  Veggies over cooked. They took this and tater tots off the bill.Chicken Picata- A staple in many kitchens. A request was made for extra capers in the sauce for the chicken and as a side dish, some sauteed mushrooms. Guess where they put the extra capers? That's right- in the mushrooms! None on the chicken! When it was pointed out- they dutifully took the plate back and put capers on the chicken- but did nothing about the mushrooms. Blech!Another person with us got food poisoning from the creamed corn the week before (and daringly came back- but didn't eat).Gentleman next to me at the bar (not with us) also had issues with his order- so much so that he coverd the plate with a napkin, left money and just walked out.I know this place had opened recently and there are kinks to work out- but some of this is just ridiculous. Do some test runs, get some feedback BEFORE you open ot the public. You will still have issues, but you will not have to comp so many items and put off so many people on their first experience.As I mentioned, the menu looks fantastic, and the atmosphere is really intriguing....so I really would like to come back. Will I? For drinks yes, and I would try to eat something to see if it has changed. It is about 45 minutes from me though- so when?  I wouldn't make it a point of trekking all the way over there just for this place, but if I was in the area...........yes.
5	We stopped by for their delicious all-you-can-eat buffet brunch. The atmosphere is bright and comfortable. Their service is friendly and prompt.The portions are small, but that just makes it possible to try the many different delicious plates they have to offer. I had the steak and eggs, surf and turf benedict, chicken and waffles, and poached egg with corn beef hash. Every dish was really tasty. Their regular lunch menu is a tad expensive, but their brunch buffet is definitely worth it.
3	Great atmosphere! The service was AWESOME which is a good thing because the food is average at best & the drinks are overpriced!  Order the strawberry balsamic martini and the mozarella balls, great flavors. I ordered the ny strip...big & expensive mistake :(
2	I am hoping that I just came here on the wrong night and ordered all the wrong things.  Went late night on a Tuesday.  Was pretty packed and quite loud.  Server was nice enough and ok.Ordered the wedge salad, kobe corn dog, and a glass of the sangria.  The sangria was absolutely awful - tasted more like Hawaiian Punch.  The wedge salad was almost inedible - the blue cheese dressing was among the worst I have ever experienced.  The kobe corn dog, while it literally looked like a male sex organ (color, shape, veins), was pretty good.  Er, the dog itself was good - the coating not so much.
5	This is my second go around for the Republic and well worth it again. Today's lunch included the buffalo chicken bites AGAIN. I can't get enough of these, they are just perfect. I switched up a bit today ordering the Steak em and Cheese their version of a Philly. Nicely done folks. The cheese is gooey and really good. The steak has tons of flavor and the bread was really fresh. The fries that are served with it are cooked with care and served very nicely in a paper lined basket. My counterpart had half of my buffalo chicken bites :( along with the Vermont Cheese Sandwich served with the soup de jour, pumpkin spice today. He said it was all excellent. Our Server was great and the food comes out in a timely manner. Hat's off again Republic KB!
5	Madonn' is this place great...   Was working/staying in Henderson and stopped here twice in 3 days -- once for dinner and the following day for breakfast/brunch. First of all, they seem to be endless places to eat on this road and we just got lucky to notice a group of pretty girls going into this place and decided that this was where we wanted to be! Interior is very nice and sort of anti-Vegas.  Understated, comfortable, casually elegant etc.   High ceilings, beautiful bar, everyone in our party had good sight lines of the multiple TV's...   we were very happy.Atmosphere and waitstaff is very friendly.  The food is really simple and truely outstanding.  We had something called buffalo wonton (which was honestly a 10 of 10 in my humble opion), fried calamari and battered fried pickles - which were outstanding.Before I forget - the soup...  The soup was phenominal.  Spinach and asparagus...    I am going to dream about that soup..I had a turkey tv dinner; very good and right sized portions..   my collegues had NY strip and salmon - both said to be excellent.  Didn't need to order dessert b/c my tv dinner came with a mini cobbler, but a collegue ordered the NY cheesecake and hasn't stopped talking about it for the past 24 hours...Based on this - and a promise of more pretty girls from the owner/mgr (real nice guy) we came BACK for the Sunday brunch.  again fantasic and priced that you can't beat it.   We got chicken and waffles, steak and eggs, an omlete wrap, lemon pancakes, sausage...  What a great deal.  I don't even want to think about what this would have cost in NY/NJ
3	Excellent spinach artichoke dip. Also try the tuna nachos. This space has been completely rebooted from it's Fado days. Bright and inviting ambience. Music selection could use a little help. Mainly bubble-gum, Top 40, satellite fed pop.  Music played at somewhat uncomfortable level. Still a good place to meet up for appetizers and a drink with friends. Full Sail Pale Ale on tap. Great compliment to any food selection.
3	First I really wanted to give them 2 stars but I think that's a little harsh.Quick review: Horrible service, food is good but didn't enjoy the experience.Long review:New place, replaced Fado's restaurant which was an irish pub.Definitely pricey with the food and the choices you may have at lunch, along with 3 dollar soda, for fountain?? come onBut the worst part which could affect your employment is the long wait, followed by the partial apology from the owner?? and he blamed the wait on other customers, well it wasn't a cater job so I expect there to be other customers and to still get the food on time, still get a check eventually, actually have change for small bills inside the restaurant, etc.Waiter disappeared after we got our food, asked a different person for the check, asked another different person for change, that person had to leave the building to get change, and still our waiter no where to be found near our table, but I saw him in the restaurant so he wasn't dead or in the bathroom.And we asked for the check to be split before ordering, waiter said yes but didn't split the check.The food was good and everyone was friendly (easy to be friendly if you are not there) but service was horrible,  my manager even asked what took so long when I got back to work "thanks a lot republic"So there was our waiter, there was the lady that got the check, there was the guy that got changed, and finally the guy that apologized for the wait.  I'm confused why this couldn't have all be the same person, our waiter.Again it really bothers me that the owner or whoever that guy was apologized for the extremely long wait and blamed it on some mysterious party, btw it wasn't that busy, nice apology and I'll pass that along to my manager at work, but where's the free dessert, or coupon to get us to come back, has this guy ever ran a restaurant before?  He made it clear to me he doesn't care if we come back, and we won't.And please substitute "server" for "waiter" anywhere you see fit.
5	Excellent new neighborhood restaurant with a welcoming atmoshpere. I went for lunch with my daughter last week and we had a great time. They have a wonderful children's menu with really creative names of the dishes, she loved it. (Nemo's fish sticks, spongebob burger) I had the lobster club on a croissant which came recommended by the server. It was amazing! The service was friendly and fast. I will be back for sure! Next time for brunch!
4	Republic Kitchen is quickly becoming the go to hang out spot in the Henderson area. Their warm inviting atmosphere, game room up stairs, great cocktails and comfortable menu makes for a great combination.The prices could be a bit lower but you must try the Tuna nachos!
4	Great menu!!  It's the offspring of an old school vegas coffee shop and a new age American restaurant.  They offer classics like meatloaf, fish and chips, and corned beef and cabbage, but mix it up with tuna nachos, Kobe beef corn dogs, and lobster pot pie. The tuna nachos were solid. Tuna was fresh and not overwhelmed with sauce.  The calamari was lightly battered using fresh oil.The fish and chips were nicely battered and fried as well, although, I wasn't a fan of the vinegar aioli.  The desserts were great! Deep fried PB&J and a huge banana and peanut butter milk shake.Service was a bit slow.  I think they are fine tuning their staff.Overall, it was very good.  I'll be back.
1	It was my first night in town on a business trip and I was dining alone, so I decided to swing by this area since I liked it when I used to live in Vegas.  I wanted a place with a nice bar where I could have a glass of wine while I waited for takeout and this seemed to fit the order.  The atmosphere was nice and I remembered the space from when it was Fado.  Menu looked interesting so I decided to try it.  What a mistake!It has been a long time since I was in a place where an employee seemed less interested in his job than the bartender at Republic.  From my observations of the wait staff, the rest of the staff did not seem much better.  It took at least 10 minutes for him to acknowledge me on a night where business was brisk but by no means overwhelming.  It was a Monday night and they seemed to have a couple of larger groups but there were lots of empty tables and the bar was less than half full. When I finally got my wine and was sure to order my dinner right away, the bartender basically left the zip code for the next 45 minutes.  Never checked on me, never checked my order, never came within shouting distance (the place isn't that big).  I ordered the roast chicken with mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli.  You wouldn't think this would take 45 minutes (and probably didn't )  but that was the result.  I was finally able to get the bartender's attention about 35 minutes into this and he said my dinner was just finished.  He apparently has a short attention span because it took him another 10 minutes to remember to go back and get it after he happened to glance my way and got this "oh shit" look on his face. It is significant that this guy didn't smile one time the whole night.  Clearly not enjoying his job.  In addition to the poor service, my food was quite below average.  The chicken was dry, the potatoes uninspiring and cold.  The broccoli was actually pretty good, which was surprising.Sorry if they were having a bad night, but my experience can not be rated higher than a 1.  I don't give out a score like this lightly, as you will see if you check my other reviews.
3	I'd give this place 3.5 stars. Went here for lunch on Friday 12/31..... it's not great but not bad. I went in with a bit of trepidation since I had read the Yelp reviews... and they are a mixed bag of good and bad. Setting: About 1/3 of the tables had people at them.... so not crowded. Menu: Good selection of appetizers, salads, sandwiches, entrees. 4 stars on selection. Service: Our server was very nice and attentive. BUT... and this may not be his fault... but the bar and kitchen seemed to take longer than expected to get our orders out which seemed odd considering it didn't seem all that busy. Food: Ordered Puffy Tacos for an appetizer.... and you get 3 good-size tacos that could easily be a regular meal... in fact, I wouldn't suggest ordering anything else with them if you plan on eating all 3 by yourself. These were fantastic and I'd go back for these. Puffy Tacos = 4 stars I had the Veggie Chopped Salad which was very fresh... and crispy... I like my veggies crispy and I wanted something light knowing that I would be eating heavier for NYE... and I was not disappointed with this salad. Veggie Chopped Salad = 4 stars The husband had the Lobster Sandwich with fries.... and I took a bite of each.... YUM! 4 stars The FIL had the Tuna Wrap with Sweet Potato fries.... I tried the sweet potato fries... not super fantastic... but would give it a 3.5 star rating and the FIL said he liked the tuna wrap which was a hearty size. The MIL had the Grilled Cheese and Soup meal.... the grilled cheese didn't look that great (she liked it though).... and the Lobster Bisque tasked like the cream or something was burnt or off... it had a really strange (not pleasant) after taste.... so she sent it back and got a side salad instead which took longer than it should have. Price: Medium.... not cheap... not expensive. Overall: I'd go back... just to give it another chance. And to have more Puffy Tacos. :)
2	This is in my neighborhood and I wanted to like it. I usually read through the other reviews on Yelp before I try a new place because most people give great insight and I find they typically see things similar to myself. I wish I would have consulted Yelp before hand.The atmosphere was pretty good. I liked the feel of the interior. It was a combination of bar/restaurant and it had a more trendy feel than I expected. That was the end of the good experience. The food was just bad. I ordered the fried chicken with biscuits and gravy. Everything was bland. It seemed that they forgot to season any of the items on my plate. I asked my wife to try it as well and she also didn't like any of what I had. My wife ordered the wedge salad. This was primarily a half a head of lettuce with bleu cheese and onions. She also ordered the sweet potato fries, which she orders anywhere she can as they are her favorite. These two were bland and appeared to have been defrosted and reheated rather than prepared fresh.We skipped dessert because the food was just that bad.While I liked the ambiance of the place, the food was just bad. Maybe I'l try it again with some different selections but I hope they take a hard look at the menu and the way the food is prepared. This could be a great place.
4	I really want this place to do well.  They are very bad at setting a good mood in the building.  I have been here several times and the vibe is really lacking.  music could be a little higher to drown out the kitchen noise.  Service seems to be just ok... kinda like they might be doing YOU a favor by coming to take care of you. I do enjoy the meal every time and they do a nice job with the cocktails.
3	My favorite thing about this place is the jazz AYCE brunch on the weekends.  There are 3 different levels of the AYCE brunch and you can add bottomless bloody marys or mimosas to your tab.The food overall is pretty good. I am especially impressed with the french fries that come with their burgers. They are a steak fry lightly battered in seasonings that result in a very nice crispy tasty tater.The service can be touch and go. But I haven't experienced anything too drastic to make me think twice about returning here.
4	Kids  enjoyed their burgers, and the portions were quite generous to say the least. The fries were devoured, and the desserts were enjoyed for sure. With such creative names on their menus, you do want to come back to see what the meal will look like/taste like. I was a bit disappointed with my Cobb Salad, though. The toppings could have been more generous, but it sure beats the salad at The Cheesecake Factory now.
3	Had lunch with my former boss today who recommended it -- I'd not heard of it before...honestly didn't realize Fado was gone (which means I'm slipping...as I'm usually pretty ontop of foodie things around town...)  That said, I did a quick glance at the menu before heading out to meet her...I'd never been in Fado, but I have to say, this is a great looking restaurant -  not to big, not too small -- an upstairs that can be rented out for events -- expanded for special events, additional seating...I hope this place makes it.  It has very mixed reviews on Yelp - like the chef hasn't quite trained his staff to be spot on if he takes a day off, and the guests with bad reviews were going in on his day off...   And mixed reviews on service, too.  I'm happy to report, we had a spot on server - and the owners were circulating throughout service.  Although, they didn't come to our table -- and they should have actually visited everyone...had it been my restaurant.For food, my friend mentioned their soups were dynamite - and that jived with Yelp's general consensus - so we both ordered the daily: today's was lobster corn and it was terrific.  Would have been better with a few chopped chives and a dash of paprika.  And wine.   I would have loved a nice chardonnay with it. (but that's not an oversight of the kitchen...) For lunch we shared - I got the puffy tacos, one of each - and she got the tomato/mozz flatbread.  The pork puffy was by far the best - but for what it's worth, the steak taco, was filet.  I was surprised.  The chicken was pulled roast chicken which I'd normally have been thrilled about - but relative to the pork and beef, it was bland.  As an appetizer, it would be too big - as lunch, it's plenty - even better to share, if you're having their soup. The flatbread was frankly awful.  Bad, storebought (or horrible dough recipe crust), overly thick tomato sauce, a slice of underripe out of season tomato topped with a perfectly lovely, but inexpensive fresh mozzarella melted over it.  It was something a teenager could have pulled off as an afterschool snack - not a $10+ lunch entree. The rectangle was pre cut into 6 pieces - and then run under the salamander to melt the cheese.  Mediocre ingredients do not get better with a trip under the salamander.  They just became a hot mess.   I want to throttle restaurants who think customers don't know better...That said, it's not enough to to keep me away.  I'd go back -- but definitely stay away from their flatbreads - and explore a few other things that seemed interesting.  From what my friend says, the bar is packed and fun on the weekends.  It really is the only place off strip that I've been to that  has a real urban vibe - and I'm thrilled about that -- also, no horrible poker machines, no stinky cigarette smell.  It's a real restaurant.  Light bright, airy and open.  Finally.  Somebody's trying to get it right.Check for lunch - no wine for 2 was $40 including tip.   Pricey.  Hopefully they'll keep tweaking their menu and knock off the dishes that sully a first visit... because they definitely have some dishes that look like they're 'knocked out of the park' winners.
3	I want to love this place, because Vegas needs more of them.  Crisp, plantation decor, and fresh New American fare.But alas.  Rupublic gets "like", not "love".   Caveat:  i've only had lunch here...I'm sure dinner and weekend brunch could be much better.Had the berry salad and something light from their drink menu (that's bad if I can't remember).  My date had the shrimp caesar.  Nothing was horrible, it just wasn't spectacular.  I don't know, something about the ambiance set my expectations soaring...only to skid and bounce to the ground.They definitely lose a star for the crappy brunette waitress who couldn't crack a smile to save her life.  Sorry for bothering you with our order.   I did note (with envy) a guy serving food to other tables who looked very friendly....he did have an owner/manager look to him though...so who knows.Anyhow, may try it again for dinner or brunch and update this review.
5	Just got done eating at republic.  It was awesome.  We had pigs in the blanket for an appetizer which were to die for.  I suggest ordering extra cheese sauce rather than mustard which gave an extra good cheezyness to the hot dogs.  For an entree I ordered the salmon.  It was perfectly cooked and seasoned very nicely.  For desert I had the cheesecake which wasn't nearly as heavy as most cheesecakes you usually find around town.  Service was good and my server didn't hover but was on the spot when I needed him.A lot of reviews seem to be mixed on yelp, but I really enjoyed everything and this could easily be my new favorite restaurant.
3	Low Key Contemporary lil treasure. American Fare... Modern, hip, urban; interesting bar, good looking people, enjoying Buffalo Chicken bites... (Okay, just kidding - I was enjoying 'the bites') Best $4 we have spent - 10p = Happy Hour. They are Chicken bites in a fried Wonton. Wow! Servers were great! Very attentive & helpful w the yummy recommendations! Half pound burger was a hit w Gio! I say we will go back!your constant companion,~deirdra
3	Pricey. Good place for brunch though, good food, nothing out of the ordinary. Cozy atmosphere with a live band playing.That being said, the food is good, not great but just right, we had an omelet with everything on it & french toast. While our dishes were nothing spectacular it was a satisfying experience.
5	Republic is a very classy restaurant!I went there on Saturday for their brunch (which is absolutely fantastic).And got the all you can drink mimosas!I paid for the highest brunch. (I believe there are 3 levels)Personally I love the way they serve all their dishes.  They bring them out one by one according to the items you choose and every dish looks like it was from Iron Chef America.The presentation is fantastic and the food is even better.  I love the atmosphere.. there is a second floor with pool table and a glass cabinet all along the wall with board games that you can access.I recommended it to many of my friends from California and Republic has yet to disappoint them. (which probably won't happen).I highly recommend this place to anyone.I will definitely visit them again!
4	so to start the management and staff are really friendly and helpful. Went there for my girlfriends Birthday and they where nice enough to honor he request of no singing a bday song (although her friends did not do the same). Also the manager set us up with two complimentry desert tasting plates with a portion of each of their deserts (enough for 10 people to try) which where all so freakin good. The  only real issue i got from the group was about the drinks the first couple of drinks everyone had where right on and then the bartenders switched shifts and the drinks became a little litter and watery. The food was good only two dishes that disappointed me where the apptzs. which where the spinachy dipp and the sweet patato fries. the fries where warm but had no seasoning ( easy fix ask for some hot butter and brown sugar) and need to be of a biggewr portion if its going to be an apptz.. The spinach dipp had to much cream cheese and maybe the reason it was on the cooler side. the main meals where to everyones liking. so i would for sure be going back to this place and would say everyone needs to tryit atleast once and they have a great brunch set up as well...call for details.
4	Absolutely love ths place! Local, fun, decorated beautifully! One of my favorites! I once went there for brunch and dinner on the same day. If you like seafood, you MUST try their Lobster Pot Pie!
5	My first yelp review. I see lots of wishy washy reviews about this place. My hubby and i had  a spa service a few doors down at Ritual. We were hungry as soon as we were finished.  Having the usual dinner conversation about what / where to eat.  What do you want ? I dont care, whatever you want. We were parked pretty close to Republic. We were going to get in the car and head to Green Valley Ranch. Hesitant to give a new place a try. This shopping center doesnt seem to kind to resteraunts. But we decided to give Republic a try.We were greeted and seated right away. Drink order right off the start.  We were brought water without asking for it, a rare thing  anymore. Hubby had an iced tea, bit strong  but that was good. I had the rock candy lemonade, YUM! I am so not a  alcoholic beverage person but my drink was very good. We ordered the mozzarella squares and pigs in a blanket for appetizers.  So good!! Both of us got the fried chicken. It was very crispy and super tasty. The service was excellent! Very prompt! No one hovered us. And our waiter didnt disappear. He was friendly, attentive and helpful. We never had to wait for the waiter. Service was spot on. Food was soo good! Hubby got the sweet potato fries. He enjoyed them.  They were served in a mini frying basket, cute.  I had the mac and cheese but lacked  room to eat more than a bite. It was very yummy though, tasty and nicely browned on top. We would have had desert but we had no room.  We have eaten out lots and lots. New places for us are either hit or miss. With a toddler we dont go out for dinner much alone anymore. We were very happy to have had a nice dinner with terrific service. Even better the place is nice inside and no walking through a stinky casino. Hope this place sticks around.  It really is good.
4	excellent place! hard to find such a great brunch out here in vegas thats not in a casino! the live band was a nice touch of class, the interior was modern, yet cozy. the menu was good quality, good portions and i love the order-one-at-a-time AYCE style. neat concept. i had the surf and turf benedict, steak n eggs, salmon w/ bagel, pastrami hash with poached egg, and lemon ricotta pancakes. all tasty. due to size and price, i would recomment the most expensive $16.99 brunch option, and order mostly from the specialty menu (stay away from needless breads, although yummy). everything is good.expect a bit of a wait for brunch, and im talking the WHOLE brunch time... we were 1130-130 and there was a wait the whole time, even more so at 130. the service was a bit disoriented though... runners kept bringing the wrong food to the wrong people at the wrong tables, but our server was great, and he said they are still training people and the big crowds have been a bit trying for everyone. i cant wait to eat there for another regular meal. i will definitely be back for brunch. and im looking forward to any special events or happy hours. excellent place and by the looks of it and its crowd, it will thankfully be here a while.
4	What a cool little joint. Very mod. Looks small.. but can actually seat quite a bit of people. They had the upstairs which we didn't check out. I have never been to Fado so I am not sure how much the interior has changed since then..I ordered the Republic Tv Meatloaf. It came out in a porcelain tray that looked exactly like the tv dinners. One compartment had mashed potatoes, middle one had a blueberry crumble type thing, the other had some sauteed zucchini and yellow squash. The main compartment had three meatloaf rounds covered in some sort of marinara sauce. It was very tasty.. although I was expecting more of a home-styled meatloaf.. this one reminded me more of italian meatballs made into patties. But it was good either way. The bf got lemon chicken w/ mashed potatoes and zucchini. And my friend got the grilled salmon with some sort of truffle oil, mashed potatoes and asparagus and her bf got the meatloaf too. I also tried their beef cheddar cheese soup. YUMMMM. We thought we would get some stuff for HH but it is only good at the bar. (Hate it when venues do this to you which a lot do! errr!) Service was good.I will definitely be back to Republic Kitchen. I have been reading the other reviews and didn't know they had a Sunday brunch! I will definitely be back to try that!
4	Modern feel, and the all you can eat brunch was super convenient. I especially liked all of the variety! I went with the french toast, hash and eggs, and then weaved back and forth from breakfast to brunch to lunch. The food itself wasn't the best, but heck it's like an upscale buffet, except it's served to you, made on demand, and still all you can eat!
5	The most amazing Sunday Jazz Brunch in Las Vegas!!!! You will not be disappointed. Everything on the menu tastes amazing and is reasonably priced too. If you live in the Silverado Ranch/Anthem area - this is the perfect place to take friends and family that IS NOT a chain. The decor of the restaurant will make you forget that you're in Las Vegas. They even have pool tables upstairs!
3	Food was very good and well above average.  The portions are small at brunch which is fine since it is all you can eat but they only let you order one item at a time.  For that type of an ordering restriction the service needs to be much quicker.  Our server had tables all over the place so he was less than attentive which was not his fault.  You need to have plenty of time to enjoy the brunch unless you are a light eater.  Not a great place to take a family although the server was amazing with my daughter calling her by name and making sure she was happy the entire time we were there.  I will be back and look forward to trying the dinner menu.
4	Our first visit here was for a Yelp event and we took a peep at the menu and saw that they had a brunch menu that looked real good so we wanted to come back and give it a try and the fact that they had a Jazz band was the real deal breaker and the hubs and I are big on Jazz.It's not the biggest of places, but it is 2 stories. EATS: Puffy tacos & Coffee. You get 3 tacos and they were quite YUMMY. I'd definitely order another if I could, but I get so full right away.Husband got the $16.99 brunch buffet. Not allowed to share so I couldn't try any of it.Absent was the Jazz Band as advertised, menu stated 9am-4pm Sunday and Saturday we arrived at 2:30 pretty disappointed.
3	I went here on a business casual dinner and found the place to be pretty cool. I would come back again.1.  Reception - I have to say, very welcoming, friendly and receptive. Good front desk staff are hard to find as most think they are body guards or have a license to be annoyed, but the team here is great.2.  Service - Not bad, but we were stuck with a waiter in training, so things were not perfect, but acceptable.  Bar service was great, quick and attentive. 3. Ambiance - Not sure when cold, industrial and sparse came into popularity, but if you like it, this place is it.  To me, the dimensions, the style, the decor, the spacing.  All th is seems just slightly off or slightly disconnected.4.  Food - Excellent variety, excellent choices. I tried the Corned Beef and Cabbage and it was okay. Nothing spectacular.5.  Price - Not bad at all, and I would say worth it overall.Easy parking, easy to find, and great selection of draft beers, especially Guiness!  Definitely worthwhile to check it out.
5	I would give this place 6 stars if I could!  Sunday brunch can be a magical experience.  Unfortunately, I've never felt the warm and fuzzies at any of the breakfast places in Las Vegas.  Sure, the food at hash house a-go-go is awesome, but there are a bajillion tourists who kind of turn Sunday morning into a zoo. I've had good breakfast at Omelet House and Egg Works, but the atmosphere is just not there.When I walked into Republic this Sunday morning, I loved the decor (not sure if it's changed since Fado's).  Very clean and simple.  Black and white checker tile, dark wood tables.  Has a very hip feel.  It kind of reminded me of something you would see in D.C.    The concept is all you can eat where you order each item off the menu.  Love this, as you get the value of the buffet without having to go to a crappy buffet.  The price varies depending on which option you choose.  I suggest going all in so you can order anything on the menu.  I took one look at the menu and upon the recommendation of the two who brought me, proceeded to stuff myself.  It was ungodly.  I started with the Surf & Turf Benedict.  Now, I love me some Eggs Benedict but I keep it traditional and am not usually a fan of a restaurant trying to tweak something that is soo great as it is (i.e., salmon eggs benedict. Ick!).  If you are a traditionalist when it comes to Eggs Benedict, do not be afraid!  This was awesome!By far, my favorite dish was the pastrami hash, another variation of a traditional dish.  Pastrami instead of corned beef and a poached egg on top.  Wonderful.  I also sampled the Monte Cristo (very good, but too heavy for my taste), the stuffed french toast (also heavy but so freaking good) and chicken and waffles.  This was my first time trying chicken and waffles and now I understand the hype.  The added bonus is that, with a few exceptions, most of the portions are small, so you can try everything.  There's also a really good jazz band playing near the bar.  Nice background music and playing at the right volume.Great food, excellent service and all you can drink bloody marys?!? As Charlie would say, "Duh!  Winning!" My only regret is that I couldn't refrain from eating long enough to take a photo of all the food that I inhaled.
3	I went here for lunch. The food and service were good but nothing to brag about. I am interested in checking out the brunch and they have good happy hour specials that interest me.
2	Came into Republic after hearing good things about it and driving by it daily. My hubby and I went on a Friday night around 8 with another couple. Ordered appetizers and cocktails.We were very impressed with the cocktails. Great drink menu with lots of fun options. The margaritas were "real" margaritas with lime juice, cucumber and cilantro. Delicious.The food was ehh. Nothing super impressive.The service was good. We probably wouldnt go here again unless someone we were going with really wanted to try it.
5	Casual atmosphere, awesome food and very affordable. Highly recommended! Top it all off with the deep fried PB&J dessert ;-)
5	This just might be my favorite place to eat and hang out in Las Vegas! I have to admit I'm hear alot and have gotten to know alot of the staff, so my all around experience is always fantastic! The food is always great, the pancakes "for late risers" I am sorry, but these may be the greatest pancakes I have ever, and I mean ever had(sorry mom)! The bartenders are great and go out of their way to make you feel like a regular! The owners come out greet the patrons, bus tables, poor water, and I know this because that's how I got to know them! I truly love this place! I'm eating one of the best steaks I've ever had at this very moment and Xena (the bartender) is at my table talking to my kids! It doesn't get much better than that!!!
2	Hadn't been here since they changed from Fado's, but I stopped in at happy hour for a friend's birthday. The appetizers were very good but here's the kicker...$9.73 for a tall Guinness... at happy hour? Who am I, Donald Trump?I'm sure I'll go here again, possibly for dinner... but I dont know who named it Happy Hour.
3	Met up with friends for happy hour.  Cute decor with an upstairs balcony looking down.  Happy hour portions were decent size and came out timely.  Wished they had more wine choices but overall alcohol selection satisfied all.  Owner Patrick was there as I heard he always is.  He greeted the regular patrons and was working hard in between.  Always nice to see owners taking pride in their establishment.
2	I really wanted to like this place but but missed the mark.The BF and I have been wanting  to try the Sunday brunch for the longest time. Cooked to order buffet sounds amazing! There's not enough places that do that and breakfast items are so much better fresh. There are different tiers you can do- continental ($7.99), continental and hot dishes ($12.99) or continental, hot dishes and specialties ($16.99). We did the complete brunch menu and most of what we ordered was from the specialties side of the menu. We shared so we can try more items-*Montecristo- this was just okay. I did like that the cheese was generous and melty. *Chicken & waffles- chicken was fine, waffles was more soft and cakey than crisp with a fluffy interior.*Surf and turf benedict- eek. Lobster meat was fishy so I think its canned. Hollandaise was sour. Filet was scarce that I thought they'd forgot... it was gyro thin cut so it didn't really add much texture/flavor to the dish.*Steak & eggs- stated as NY strip but did not taste like it...it was a pretty thick cube of meat more like a cutout from a sirloin. Was just okay in taste.*Salmon & bagel- good. Came with cream cheese, red onion, green onion and capers so it was enjoyable.*Pastrami hash and poach eggs- this was pretty good. Good poach, the flavor was decent. Wouldnt really say its a hash since the poatoes werent crispy fried but more like boiled, tossed with seasobing and meat.*Stuffed french toast- this was pretty good.  It would have been better if I could have had some ketchup. I know, I have a bad obsession with ketchup, but seriously- salty, sweet and tangy works well. I think syrup by itself gets a bit tiring.*Cheese Blintzes- crepe was good consistency, and I like that they added strawberries and strawberry puree to them. Love fruit on crepes.The food was just okay and nothing really stood out as seriously delicious. The BF nailed it in the head what the major problem was, that even though it was made to order, the food didn't taste really fresh.Service wasn't too consistent or personable. She wasn't rude or mean, but didn't seem to really want to be there. Our server came to ask for our drink order then waited a while to get a drink back or an order in and I started to get worried when we were sitting there for 15 minutes. I honestly think we should have left then. Then sometimes we were hoping she would come by and kinda disappeared. We had someone else check on us and we had them go find her. Then of course once we put an order, it's again a wait for items so there was a lot of downtime in this meal. We had to sit a while and wait to ask for the check since she wasn't on the floor. Payment time came and I showed her my groupon on the groupon app and she starts to tell me I needed to have printed it out for it to count. I go back to the previous page where it has the rules of the deal and it specifically said "print out coupon or show groupon app to the business". It took them a while to figure it out and I had another person come up to ask me about how the business redeems on the phone.... Food wasn't good enough to want to sit and do a lot of waiting and more waiting.  I live in the NW and this was a waste of a drive across town.
4	Came here for Lunch...it wasn't busy pretty nice atmopshere.Had their soup of the day which was Apsaragus soup...very creamy and good.  Very basic.I had their Turkey Club and he had Steak em and cheese.  Turkey Club reminded me of BLT with Turkey, very yummy.  It had a bread in the middle and very toasty.  The Turkey wasn't too dry.  The Sandwich was mostly turkey, and little bits of bacon, and tomato and one leaf of lettuce.  I couldn't fit the whole thing in my mouth so I had to break it with the third bread and fold the bottom portion in half to eat like a sandwich.  Very tasty though.We also ordered the PB&J...VERY Yummy with the strawberry sauce!  It makes it a bit tart as oppose to sweet.  Dipping it on chocolate was a bit too sweet.  Mixing the chocolate and strawberry is not such a good idea either....but just the strawberry YUM!  You get about 6 pieces.  Overall good place to go too and not too pricey.  We got all that a side salad, coke, and Steak em and Cheese.  for $40 so not bad.
1	I can honestly say that our family's experience at Republic Kitchen and Bar was probably the one of the worst restaurant experiences we have ever had in Las Vegas. Our family likes to go out to eat for special occasions and try hip new places so Republic Kitchen and Bar seemed like a good choice for our Mother's Day celebration. Boy, were we WRONG! The evening started off good. We had originally made a reservation for 15 people at 5:30 pm. but last minute work schedules required that we move the reservation to 7:00. On short notice the staff was able to accommodate this change and did so in a friendly manner. When we arrived (at 7:00 on the button) our table was set and ready. The hostess was very outgoing and professional. The decor was very appealing and trendy. So far, so good. As soon as we were seated, things started to go wrong. After a few minutes of waiting the waiter finally greeted us and took our drink and appetizer orders. Then he disappeared. 20 minutes later we finally got our drinks. A little while after that our appetizers finally came and the calamari was delicious, some of the best we have ever had. However, there were no separate plates for each person to eat from. It was very unhygienic. The waiter finally took our order shortly after serving the appetizers and that was the last time we saw him for a long time, a really long time. He did not take away any menus, empty glasses, provide refills, or take away the empty appetizer platters. The table was a mess! Then, a mere 1 hour 45 minutes later, the food started to be delivered to the table. Only some of the food was delivered, it took nearly 20 minutes to get all the food to the table. By the time the last of the people finally got their food the other people had finished eating. It took FOREVER! My mother in law ordered the turkey pot pie but was served the turkey TV. dinner. It was cold so she sent it back. When we tried to complain, the manager just made excuses for the poor service and the mistakes. It was pathetic.  By the time we were done eating it was after 9:30 pm.  Yikes! In all fairness, we were given two free orders of the fried peanut butter and jelly dessert platters to compensate for the lackluster performance. This time they remembered the individual serving plates. Overall, the food was okay. I would have given the food three stars but the service was horrendous and the management was full of excuses, hence the one star. I would have given zero stars but that was not an option. We will never go to Republic Kitchen and Bar again!
2	I had been wanting to try Republic for months, especially since I had a Groupon! When we walked through the door on a Friday night, I really wanted to like Republic. The decor is modern Irish Pub, the walls are white washed brick and I really loved the atmosphere. Our waiter greeted us and he seemed nice enough, until we asked if he had any recommendations from the menu. He started to walk away after we asked if there was anything he would recommend, then he explained that they do comfort food...ok? I guess...so we ordered and when the plates came out they were clean and everything looked good.My husband had the fried chicken, it was cooked perfectly but the batter was bland, even a little salt would have spiced it up. The chicken came with 2 buttermilk biscuits, but no butter. The biscuits were dry and definitely needed some butter. I ordered the short ribs with wasabi mashed potatoes. The ribs were cooked perfectly, but again lacked flavor. I mean they should have been cooked in some sort of spice! The wasabi in the mashed potatoes was overpowering and didn't seem to fit the dish. I barely touched my meal but our waiter said nothing. He brought me a to-go box but didn't even put my meal in the box for me. Ok I can do it, but he seemed to be avoiding the fact that I didn't eat my meal. He never once asked how our food was during the meal. Then he brought the check...now I had already told him about our Groupon, which he waved off as no big deal, but of course the discount was not on the check. I reminded him again and when I pulled out my iphone to show him the code, he got really huffy. He asked why I didn't print out the Groupon, well because I am not required to, welcome to the 21st century. He took our check and then the manager (I think it may have been the owner) came over. He asked about the Groupon and was very friendly. He asked about our experience and we explained the lack of flavor and the poor service. He explained that our waiter was a little older and may not have understood the new technology. This seemed like a poor excuse, if your business is taking part in a promotion your waitstaff should know the ins and outs of the deal. Needless to say, I went across the street to Firehouse Subs for dinner. Bad service and flavorless food, shame on you Republic.
5	If you haven't eaten here...you need to absolutely the best brunch o have ever had..live jazz music unlimited mimosas and bloody Marys absolutely amazing place.the staff is excellent :)
4	Tried Republic tonight with a Groupon. Well worth it!  On the waiter's recommendation, my husband changed his order from meatloaf to beef stroganoff.  I was in the mood for fried. So I had the fish 'n chips. We started with the trio of sliders - pulled pork, short ribs, and tuna. Yum!  Very fresh on toasted buns. They offer half-price bottles of wine on Tuesday, so we had a Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc (couldn't quite finish it all, but we love this Sauvignon). Both entrees were very good, and out waiter was very cool.  As we were winding down, Nick noticed another table being served a beer flight. The waiter told us that they have a four-course beer tasting on Friday & Saturdays. How fun!  Definitely will return. Forks up!
5	Last night we went to dinner at the REPUBLIC KITCHEN AND BAR  , basically because we had a GROUPON that was about to expire. We haven't been there before. We easily found the place with a large parking area. We walked in to a nice open dining area and on through a large doorway into the main room where a very friendly Hostess checked our reservation and took us to our seats. I am in a wheelchair and she put us at a nice table in an open area. She quickly removed the chair from the table where I wanted to sit and I rolled right into place. When we were seated we met Jeff Kovatch, a "Jersey Boy" who is part owner and was this evening's "Front of the House" Manager.Our Waiter arrived quickly to offer us menus and take a drink order. He kept a close eye on us all night. This room is beautifully decorated. This spacious room was the bar. On the back wall and part of the left side of the room was an amazing black bar area with a lot of crystal and lighting. Wonderful premium spirit and wine bottles decorated the shelves and just added to the visual "WOW" effect of the room. This was impressive.Although we had looked at the web page before we left home and had already decided on our choices we again looked at the menu. OK, I changed my mind. Libby ordered short ribs. This came with potatoes and vegetables. The main part was a huge short rib that was cooked to the consistency of a fine pot-roasted piece of beef. The gravy on Libby's dish made us both want a loaf of bread for sopping and insuring we removed ever trace of what had been in the bowl. I was originally going to have the salmon dish but, I opened the menu and there was a fresh Halibut that sounded good. When our Waiter arrive with dinner he set Libby's down and I just ogled it. That short rib looked fantastic. Then I looked at my plate. There was a beautifully cooked piece of Halibut. Sitting on top of a pile of couscous. I was impressed with the way it was offered. The couscous was cooked with a little citrus reduction, fine thin fresh asparagus, tomato pieces, and white corn that may have been shoe peg. I have never tasted couscous with this type of flavor mix. I would recommend it highly. My Halibut was browned nicely on the top and bottom. When I pushed into it with my fork a nice piece of the pure white and juicy fish came away. The fish had a fine clean feel with a wonderful taste. Yes, I did purr a little. We ended our meal with a very large piece of "fresh made daily" New York style Cheesecake and two forks.  This dessert was absolutely a traditional New York type cheesecake. I found it wonderful and nostalgic. This item is too fine to eat as a dessert. This decadence needs to be a meal on it's own. Look at their web page and if you are "Local" go there. If you are a Tourist make it a point to get away from the "Strip" and take in REPUBLIC KITCHEN AND BAR. Everyone will love this place. We will be back there and it will be soon.
1	Figured the boyfriend and I would finally try this place. Haven't been since it was Fado's, which was a favorite. I have been wanting to try this place for some time after seeing it on a local news channel when it first opened and had high hopes for it. Decor was bland, service was ok, but nothing to write home about, food was completely bland and a waste of $40. I ordered the shrimp scampi. Not a hint of lemon, hardly a taste of garlic, overcooked shrimp, and I have never heard of adding bell pepper to scampi. Interesting, but suprisingly tasteless. It was very dry, not a drop of sauce at the bottom of the bowl. Also, for $15.99, I would expect a salad or garlic toast to come with my meal. My boyfriend ordered the fried chicken with biscuits and gravy. Also, for the price of $13.99, you would think it would come with a salad or vegetable. It is exactly what it says... chicken, 2 biscuts, and a small side of gravy. The chicken, I would easily give a 7 out of 10. Cooked well and crispy, but a tad bland in the spice dept. The gravy had a very weird taste to it and seemed very floury. The biscuits were dry/stale and did not come with butter or anything. I expected a lot more from this place and will not be dining there again. Left very disappointed :(
2	Its nice in here, I love the upstairs! They have a pool table and all kinds of board games to play. My husband,friends and I had fun. The only bad thing was the female bartender was too busy being cute to serve us in a timely manner and we would have to walk downstairs to get our drinks ;/I dont think I will be returning
4	So, I heard from the Las Vegas Weekly magazines that this spot had their famous deep fried pb & j. Although I did eat too much to even get to that point I did manage to devour all of my beef stroganoff. I mean the modern classy eastcoast style bar and restaurant is definitely cool. It kind of reminded me of what local bar probably looked like in New York or Boston (based on movies I've seen because I've never actually gone there. So what would I know?). My food was amazing, and delicious. I know it was stupid of me to ask if they could take out the peas in my stroganoff (what was I thinking! no peas?!), our server was kind of rude about it. "It comes with the sauce, and you can't take it out" is what he said. Kind of walked away with a grunt too. The server didn't even ask to refill my drink once, and wasn't very attentive either, and half of what we requested he didn't return with, if he ever even came to our table. OH! And upstairs is like a lounge, and equiped with a wii system! I mean seriously! Who doesn't want to be in a place where there is a wii system! Wii system is the ultimate bribe for any customer to walk away with a decent review. Right? You with me?Anyway, I just give it a four ONLY because our server gave horrible service, and I was there to witness the Lakers lose to the Mavericks (yes, I am a Laker fan). But, four stars because the food is good, the place is nice, and they have a WWWWWIIIIIIIII system!
4	I have only three things to say!Best lemon chicken, fried pb& j and top it off with a mojito!!!!Yummy!
1	This place sucks.  Service sucked.  Food sucked.  Room was kinda cool, but the lame, upscale-junkfood menu didn't match the room.Very amateurish restaurant.  Dried out turkey "tv dinner"?  No thanks.  Awful.  The only good reviews for them are fake 5 star reviews.Stay away.  Far away...
5	Such a high end venue but with a laid back atmosphere! Greg, Jeff & Patrick were so generous and helpful in providing our reunion's needs. Service both thumbs up. Actually, staff went beyond in service to accommodate our 80 guest party!!! Rearranged the whole mezzanine for us and set up a good sound system and video screens.Lots of great food! Wish I tried them all. I had 2 dishes: excellent calamari and spicy chicken wings! Thanks, Republic for an unforgettable evening! We had a ton of fun!!!
3	This review is ONLY for the dinner menu.  As you can see from my previous review, brunch is where it's at at Republic Kitchen!!  So I was really hopeful when I finally hit this place up for dinner.  And by the end of my meal, I realized I was wrong.Service was okay, not great, but nothing really bad to say, other than our server didn't have much of a personality, but we can't all be winners.  Overall, a lot of the flavors were just off.Started with Stuffed Portabella - two portabella mushrooms covered in a really salty cream cheese with three grilled shrimp on each mushroom cap.  The mushroom and shrimp were good but the crazy amount of salt in the cream cheese just ruined it.Lemon Chicken breast was my entree.  Came with potatoes and sauteed vegetables.  The sides were great but the chicken tasted like a crap ton of that imitation lemon juice had been poured all over it.  Really not very good.  Made me wonder if the chef actually tries a dish before he serves it in the restaurant.  I tried my Aunt's halibut and it was a little dry but pretty good.I have to say, stay away from the dinner menu and wait for Saturday or Sunday morning.  There's a reason this place is known for brunch - - Because it is the funk!!
5	Buffet spoil alert....Republic's Buffet is the best in town!!!!  Every Saturday and Sunday they offer a buffet menu that is amazing.  For those looking to strap-on a feedback at the local casino, you may want to try something different for a change.  You order from the menu and each meal is hand crafted for you, brought to your table and served with a smile.  Try the eggs benedict over a toasted english muffin covered with hollandais sauce and lobster...and then plan on ordering it over and over and over again.  The NY Strip filet is ample and cut thick...just a way a steak is supposed to be cut.The All You Can Eat buffet is $16 and for an additional $15 you can have bottomless Mimosas or Bloody Marys.  As a former Chicago native where new restaurants popup every week, the guys at Republic figured it out.  Thank you for bringing this restaurant  to Vegas...I wish you all the best of success!  There are VERY few restaurants in Vegas that come close to the quality, atmosphere and professional staff of Republic.
2	Maybe 3 stars for food because I went for brunch and I love the idea of ordering and having it cooked fresh. I enjoyed most of the food. I love the atmosphere of the place. Having said that, service sucked! Our waiter was inattentive. We went with two other couples and every single time we needed him we had to wave him down, which I don't like doing because I feel it's rude but he clearly was not coming back any time soon. And to make it worse he would listen to what one person needed and would run away without even asking did anyone else need anything and at times before the person speaking was done! One of the couples we were there with was there before and said service was bad as well. We almost felt unwelcomed. Maybe he was busy but we are all in the business that is the time to be apologetic about service not act like we are disturbing his day. We still left more than 20 percent just because of the fact we are in the business. I will probably give it another chance but have to say something if service is the same. Maybe sit at bar.
3	Still a Solid place to enjoy a meal.... not super stellar... not horrible... Still a 3.5 in my book.Tom (our server on this trip) was AWESOME.  He gets 5 stars... attentive without being annoying and in fact was VERY accomodating.I tried the Grapefruit Cooler cocktail and it turned out to be too sweet and syrup-y for me.... and Tom swamped it out for a beer for me.  Most servers wouldn't even bother. I was really surprised and appreciative that Tom did that for me.Timing on food was perfect.... ordered an appetizer and it came out quickly... and that was cleared... we waited a couple minutes and our dinners were served.The Food....The Tuna Poke is sweet.... by that I mean I think it's marinated or tossed in a sweet ginger, sesame dressing.  It didn't have the type of texture or flavor like at a sushi place.  So, if you truly like poke... don't order this.  Of course, because of the sweet factor... it's not fishy at all... so if you like sweet.... you will probably like this.My Turkey dinner.... was GREAT.... the gravy was a bit salty but then I'm overly sensitive to salt so I'm not knocking them since I easily scooped most of the gravy off the meat... the meat was big and meaty.  The potatoes were ok, but when you get a small bite of potatoes with a bit of turkey and gravy and then dip it in the blueberry cobbler ... it creates a fantastic all in one bite...oh yea.... Thanksgiving Bites.  :)    This was a "Comfort Dinner" for me.... of course... I am a big fan of Thanksgiving foods.  The steamed veggies were good but they were drenched in butter ... so... while I ate them... I didn't feel like it was as healthy as it could have been.The husband had the Short Rib dinner... these too were good "Comfort" foods.  Not the best we've ever had... but pretty darn good.... good texture but not melt in your mouth amazing... but there was a good rich flavor.  This is a good place to go when you can't figure out what it is you want to eat or where you want to go.... because they have all sorts of options on their menu from salads to steak to beef strogonoff to pot pies to tacos and everything in between.I'd order either of these dinners again.
2	They have a really great Sunday brunch with wonderful tasting food, and all you can drink mimosa's or bloody mary's. The atmosphere is laid back with board games and a pool table upstairs, however the service has been absolutely horrible. If Republic Kitchen fails this will be the reason.
2	the food is decent but the service is horrible. i am in the industry and i do work at one of the more fine dinnig restaurants in vegas. i dont know where they find some of these people in our industry. hospitality is common sense. who would serve a coffe without a spoon or milk or sugar. they didnt even ask if we needed any of those. i stared at a black cup of coffee for 10min and then had to ask. we have been there 3 times and everytime something with service screws up our experience. if i was the gm i would clean house.
3	Finally made it in to eat here this afternoon after all of the great press or perhaps it was just people who kept talking about the restaurant. It's a very nice and out of the ordinary restaurant and bar. Very open and airy. No wonder why the brunch is such a good idea. They have a private area upstairs that is great for receptions and the such.The food was just okay. Beautiful presentation on the salads and sandwiches, but it's nothing to rave about. If you want to dine at a standard locally owned American eatery without going to Chilis give this place a try. My Cobb salad arrived promptly, but it barely had any dressing and though I could have asked for more it should probably come on the side if they intend on adding it so sparingly. I thought the water from the freshly washed lettuce was the dressing. A dry salad is not an enjoyable salad.The server wasn't really proactive or perhaps the water was shut off in the restaurant. Four people and myself didn't have a refill the entire time! I'm surprised the server didn't notice. Nor did they offer a to-go container for left over soup which comes in an enormous portion that should probably be scaled back.Overall it was a great restaurant and the hostess was nice going in and out and if I'm on that side of town I'd go back just to verify my first review of Republic Kitchen and Bar.
1	I heard this place had great food and also had food ok for HCG diet. I'm on the diet and my friend isn't so I thought perfect. I try to take my out of town guests to non chain places. We walked in and not another person in the place. the waiter came right over and was very nice. He made recommendations and was very helpful. There is no hcg food and I even called ahead and was told there was. My friend ordered balsamic chicken and didn't like it at all. I ordered berry salad with shrimp. The greens were bitter and limp, the shrimp was so so. I asked to leave the goat cheese off as I hate it. They forgot and put it on and then picked it back off. The whole thing tasted like goat cheese. The waiter asked if I was allergic to it. I should have said yes. I ate the berries and 5 shrimp. It was $16.99 which I think is pricy for lunch. I wouldn't have minded if delicious. I was extremely disappointed. The only positive thing was good service.
4	This is my second visit to this restaurant. My first review I gave it 3 stars not for the food but for the service. Last time I went during brunch, and although I loved the food, the atmosphere (which is different from other venues here in Vegas, it had an east coast vibe that I love)I also loved the concept of an all you can eat Brunch that you can order fresh. I am not a buffet person so this was a nice change being able to try different things in small portion. The food was really good but the service wad lacking to me. Well I went for the second time for dinner. I sat at the bar and the first thing I noticed was the bartenders really knew what they were doing! It wasn't just a bunch of good looking girls who didn't have a clue. They were good looking and knew how to make a proper drink. My fiancee is Irish and they made his black velvet perfect! He kept commenting on this fact, and how it's hard to find someone who makes it properly. My martini was perfect as well, perfectly shaken and served. They were very attentive and knowledgeable. So any way we ordered an appetizer to start, the sliders that consisted of pulled pork, short rib and lastly a seared ahi tuna. I don't usually care for tuna but that was my favorite by far perfectly cooked, the slaw was amazing it was just plain delicious! I did notice some of the negative reviews, but being there before I can say they really stepped up their game. The owners are really concerned about addressing anything about their service and food. So I suggest if you didn't like something say it and they will do their best to improve. That says a lot about a business. For our main course we had a Cobb salad which I have to say was the best Cobb I've ever had the chicken was so moist and flavorful! One earlier review stated that the salad lacked dressing, well I feel that if you have fresh ingredients you don't need your salad swimming in dressing, and you can always ask for more. We also had the lobster pot pie, the crust was flaky and buttery and the lobster was very fresh. I had to refrain from finishing that delicious buttery crust and the filling was so rich and comforting. All in all it was awesome! They also have a great happy hour and reverse happy hour. We are gong to make this a regular place for us. They have music playing by DJ which adds to a great night out.
1	I dont have many good things to say about this place.  We attended a friend's reception in their upstairs space.  They were completely unorginized.  The reception was suppose to start at 4pm.  However, when we showed up at 4:30 they hadnt started setting up yet, the open bar wasn't open, and the bride was understandably stressed out.  When Republic finally got their stuff together, all the guests that had arrived on time, scrambled to help the bride and groom set up.  What should have been an enjoyable celebration turned into a rushed event.  The bride and groom had arranged to have their wedding pics displayed on the tvs, but one of the managers was still trying to set it up over halfway through the reception.  Talk about lack of preperation!They also told the bride the upstairs space would be available to our party all night, so the entire party had planned on staying and ordering dinner off the menu.  However, due to lack of communication, someone double booked the space and we were not only kicked out, but RUSHED out to accomidate a differant party.  The bride was devistated.After seeing what these guys put a bride and groom through for what should be the happiest day of their life, I will never give them my buisness and will continue to spread the word
3	Expect great food, but unfortunately that's not all there is to dining out.  Service is super duper slow, even when the place is dead empty.  This place hasn't seen a hustle since the 70s. Pigs in a blanket is a secret appetizer that's just amazing.  Food is great. Service is not.
3	Went in on sunday morning for a brunch double date.  Immediately, I was taken with the awesome decor.  This place is cool, chic, and cozy.  I really like their creativity in transforming it from the old, Irish pub, to the knew, hipster kitchen and bar.  I would really like to go back and try another meal at this place (i.e. lunch or dinner) to get a better big picture of what they are serving.  Breakfast/brunch can be tough. That said, I  like the idea of how their brunch is served.  The menu is divided into three columns.  You can order from column 1 for $7.99, you can order from column 1 and 2 for $12.99, and you can order from column 1, 2, and 3 for $16.99.  Also, it's all you can eat, so you just keep ordering until you are full. This system is good, in theory, but republic's portions are too big.  We ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes.  They were fluffy and tasty.  There were two 8 inch pancakes on the plate! By the time I ate those, I was essentially full.  I would have much preferrred a little mini stack of three 3 inch pancakes.  That would have been cuter too!  We also tried the steak and lobster benedict, steak and eggs, and stuffed french toast.  Everything was ok/good.  Nothing was great.  The steak and eggs were cooked correctly.  The stuffed french toast was too much toasts and not enough stuffing.  The menu is a major carb fest and if you want to just order some bacon or sausage, it's extra $$$.  I think for $16.99 each, I should be able to get a side of breakfast meats.  I'll go back and try them again but probably not for brunch.  That said, if you are looking for a cute place to take guests and aren't that concerned about great food, you'll prob like this joint.  We had great service. Very friendly and nice.  Note: bottomless bloody mary's for $12! Now that is a deal!
2	Republic is your normal brunch, sandwich, salad shop. It's nothing extra special. The food was ok, but the service was extremely slow. It took a while to get the food out, and by that time, we were starving, that anything tasted good, and even then, I thought the food was average. I had the chili cheese hot dog and it was mediocre, nothing spectacular. I was definitely expecting something much better. I wouldn't go back here.
4	Jaime W. and I continued our spicy drink tour (night number one) to Republic and sat at the bar.  She was immediately recognized by the bartender (she knows EVERYBODY in town I swear!)  He was more than happy to whip up the chipotle margarita for us.The bar was sans red pepper flakes, so the whole chipotle pepper jammed in the drink didn't spicy it up enough.  Enter bartender Xena.  She came over, ripped up a chipotle pepper and shook up our drinks with it again.  Now we're talkin'!  We ended up with a smoky spicy sensation and a unique blend.Our unusual drink got noticed by others at the bar (but they didn't seem keen on ordering it too!)  We want to come back for the cucumber cilantro margarita, but that isn't spicy so it will have to wait!
4	Came here early on a Friday evening for dinner.  Maybe we just weren't in a rush, but I didnt see any problem with the service like others have mentioned.  Decent wine and beer selection, probably about $1 more per drink than I'm used to seeing, which for the atmosphere here was fine.  It has a nice modern feel without crossing into yuppy.I ordered the baked ziti with chicken, which was really good.  The boyfriend had a filet, which was good but drastically overcooked- he ordered medium-rare, and it came out nearly well done.  He decided after the first bite it was still good, so I can't fault them too much since we didn't complain and give them the opportunity to fix it. We also got a side of truffle tots, and you could really taste the truffle oil, I recommend those.Overall, good place to grab a drink, food was good, and the atmosphere worth coming for.
2	Went with a few people for their Sunday brunch. It was pretty good. They offer three different levels of brunch, if some people aren't as hungry as others. I got the one that encompassed everything, as it was my first time there and wanted to try as much as possible. Everything I had their was pretty decent. Bu, the service? Horrible ! Definitely not worth going back to. Although I would've enjoyed going back there for the food, I probably won't ever go back. Bad service just isn't something I want to have to deal with when I'm paying good money for food.
5	Love this place for happy hour! The bartender is always super nice, the drinks are fantastic and strong, and it has a cool atmosphere. Plus I've tried every single one of the appetizers and like them all. My favorite is the pigs in the blanket because they come with mustard AND cheese sauce. Oh and the truffle tater tots.. and mozzarella squares... and the beer battered fried pickles! YUM. And get the puffy tacos for sure. I recommend the Republic Dill cocktail or Strawberry n' Balsamic martini. They also have a good wine and beer selection. This is a really cool place for parties too as they have a neat upstairs area.
5	This review is specifically for Republic Kitchen & Bar's Sunday brunch.I believe that this brunch is one of the best there is in Las Vegas. It's an all you can eat, cook to order, start your Sunday wonderful, type of brunch. The menu has a wide range of items from sticky buns and fruit all the way to a surf and turf or a more classic steak and eggs.The price is just right too. It's about $18.99 for coffee and to be able to order off the full menu and just add another $15 and you can have all you can drink mimosas as well! The environment is also very fun to be in. The building has the feel of an old Irish pub and sometimes they have live jazz playing. It gives it a nice funky vibe that you can't always find inside a larger casino on the strip.All in all I would highly recommend giving Republic Kitchen a try especially during their brunch!!
4	I live just around the corner from this place, I like it a lot. the staff is good, good service , good atmosphere, good food as well i have tried something different everytime and it has all been good. the salmon is my fav.
3	Great place to go for Happy Hour.  They also have a Late Night Happy Hour.  Sunday's are great to go there for Brunch.  They have a good menu with different pricing and you can add unlimited Bloody Mary's and/or Mimosa's.  Sunday's they also have a live, two-piece Jazz band.  They also have pool tables, Video Games and Table Board Games to play while you're there.  Nice, friendly satff make it a fun place to hang out and relax.***CLOSED DOWN***
4	This is an update for the Sunday brunch:My main issue with the brunch is that there is no a la carte option. You have to order 'all you can eat', of which they offer 3 options. The cheapest ($9) is pastries and fruit, the middle option ($13 I think) includes pastries, fruit, and one level of entrees, like red velvet pancake, omelette, french toast, etc. The highest option ($19) includes all the above plus their specialty dishes like eggs benedict, steak and eggs, etc. That sounds like a decent deal, but seriously, who is going to eat more than one breakfast entree?? So basically, you are stuck paying $19 for an eggs benedict or $13 for a pancake. The food is good and creative, and I could really tell that the banana muffins and cheese danishes were made in house.The buffet mindset applies to the drinks, as well, with mimosas and bloody marys available only as all you can drink for $15 and $12, respectively.Service was friendly and efficient, refilling our mimosas promptly and giving us some spaces since we had a cranky baby with us.The atmosphere is still cool inside, which I appreciate.Overall, I really want to love Republic, but because of the prices, it is not an 'every Sunday' kind of place.
4	Went here for Sunday brunch. Five Star decor. Food was good. Service was friendly. Seemed a little  expensive on the value scale.
2	Unlike most of the reviews on here I found the service to be good, sadly that's where the good part ended.One of my pet hates is a restaurant cooking basic foods, charging higher prices and then failing to make the food well.We ordered burgers, not hard, except neither of us can stand onions, of course we requested no onions and of course they were brought to the table with onions.Both burgers were sent back, when they came out, mine was over cooked and my wife's was under cooked.At this point we had been in the place for over an hour waiting for food, so it really didn't matter, these burgers were getting eaten :-)They actually looked very good, however, they were nothing amazing, pretty much your standard defrost and slap it on the grill type thing.The manager did take one of the burgers of the check and comped us desert (some very strange deep fried PB and J thing) which was nice, but it should never get to that stage, if a burger cannot be done correctly I have to wonder about the other dishes offered.We will probably give the place one more chance.
4	Happy hour fiends, lend me your beers. City chic at PT's prices...aside from the fancy cocktails, which I personally think are worth your donation of about $9-10. Republic offers a refined menu in a modern setting. Quite a change from the old Irish digs, I like what Republic has done with the place. An inventive menu that has some bar food favorites but gourmet'ed up a bit. Crispy buffalo chicken bites, yessir. Perfectly seasoned calamari, yum. A fresh wedge salad on a cute little plate, yay. At happy hour you can have this and more for $4 measly dollars each. They do have drink specials of course but it's hard to steer away from the regular priced liquid joy. Thankfully they kept the Smithwick's around, so tasty. I really love the Chipotle Margarita, but beware, I ran into an ingredient shortage when I last visited which made the drink less than perfect. This is a great place for a big group happy hour, especially if you venture upstairs for board games galore. 7pm on a Friday night it was lively but not jammed. The staff is friendly and attentive...they MAY have even extended the happy hour restrictions a bit for the price of a smile. :-)
4	I'd like to personally thank Mr. Kovatch for his strong concern on customer service, and I think that deserves a good 5 stars for his genuine concern. He did invite me back, and was so thankful that he offered to serve me and a guest for lunch. I'm glad that this new waitress was nicer. She refilled my drinks when she saw them empty, and nicely offered any options to try for appetizers or desserts. I love the fact that they have a second floor for socializing, and a nice brunch that they are famous for. I had the Balsamic Chicken and my guest had the Sloppy Joe which was both delicous. I was so glad and happy that my chicken was very tender, and finally got the chance to discover what cous cous was! Then, I got to try their Fried PB and J which is what their signature dessert is. The dessert is very filling, but delicous and addicting! I would have loved to finish it since I'm a sucker for sweets, but I just didn't have anymore room for it. Mr. Kovatch was nice enough to bring it out for me. All in all, my experience there was a lot better than last time. Judging by the ratings on Yelp, I do believe this place has great potetial. People would focus less on the price of an indifferent menu if the service was outstanding, and the servers took on the extra effort in making the dining experience an experience. Thank you again! I will be back to try their Brunch. For Sure!
5	This place is the BOMB.com! The happy hour is ALWAYS good, the staff is ALWAYS good looking, and the service is GREAT!Just wait till you try the brunch.....lca;ak[a ;... my keyboard just broke from all the salivation!! YUMMM
5	This place was recommended by a friend so I checked out the reviews and was quite skeptical but still decided to give them a try. I cannot believe anyone thought the service was slow, food was average or any other negative comment!!!We were seated quickly. The ambiance was relaxed and upscale. My glass was never empty for more than a few minutes. The food came out quickly and not only was it presented beautifully, but was a party for my taste buds! The restaurant and bar was filled and eery employee was buzzing from table to table ensuring everyone got attended to. I went for Sunday brunch and did make a reservation. Everything was clean and neat. I did notice the A rating from the health department! They have three levels of AYCE brunch on the weekends as well as all you can drink mimosas or bloody marys. I went for the bloody marys ($12) and the max brunch ($18) because I wanted to sample everything. You can also order the continental style ($8) or the hot dishes plus continental ($13) which has omelette and other hot dishes. The maxed out deal had surf and turf Benedict, chicken and waffles, steak and eggs, pastrami hash and many more wonderful items that I loved!What a great place! It was a true bargain and quality was exceptional!
5	This place is AMAZING!!!! We go in for dinner probably at least once a week and the food is always great the service is friendly and efficient. I highly recommend this place for everyone.  And the brunch is to die for and they have all u can drink mimosa and bloody mary!
4	I decided to give this spot a second chance and try out the lunch menu.  After much deliberation and a friendly recommendation, I opted for the Sesame Seared Tuna.  It was beautifully plated and the flavors floating around the plate were definitely tasty.  I think the sweet potato mash and the attentive server brought some redemption to my initial review.  Bravo!
2	Oh Republic, I wanted to love you so!  I was so disappointed in their Sunday brunch.  I didn't expect it would go bad right off the bat but my husband and mother-in-law's coffees were old and bitter.  I ordered a "mocha" and not only did it come from a machine, but it tasted like the wateriest(so not a word) cup of Swiss Miss hot chocolate.  When I told the server, she asked if I wanted her to "make" me one.  What?  Were there TWO levels of mocha?  As accommodating as she tried to be, she failed when she brought me essentially a coffee with Hershey's syrup in it.  Then she acted like a real mocha was something that only existed at Starbucks!  I gave up and  ordered OJ.   Geez, I haven't even gotten to the food yet!     Let's just break that down into good and not so good:GOODLemon Ricotta pancakesChicken and Waffles-could have used a pinch of salt, but still yummySurf and Turf eggs Benedict-very buttery and flavorful, but I couldn't even see the slice of filet under the tiny lobster(looked like a crab)clawPecan sticky buns-had nice flavor but kinda dryBiscuits and gravy-definitely the most flavorful thing we tasted that morningNOT SO GOODMonte Cristo- essentially a French toast sandwich;  was missing the crunchy texture of deep fryingPastrami hash-more potato with bits of pastrami, no flavorStuffed French toast-another French toast sandwich, but as not as good as the Monte CristoThe food was just okay overall.  The restaurant was very pretty and the server was nice.  I don't want to give up on Republic yet, so maybe I'll check back in for dinner and update my review, hopefully...
5	BEST HAPPY HOUR in the Valley no questions asked.  Their food is fresh and unique (buffalo chicken bites and fried pickles) and their drinks are tasty (hello white sangria) and reasonable.  Their brunch is delicious.  I see people give it mixed reviews, but I have no idea why.  All you can eat, made to order.  Their cheesecake is the best I've ever had.  The menu literally has something for everyone.  Their upstairs game room/ large group area is fun and very comfortable.  Our company had our Christmas party there and it was a huge success.  And last Thanksgiving we picked up a family meal from there and it was phenomenal.  And honestly not much more than I would of spent slaving away.   As for the staff.  I have been dozens of times and no matter where I sit (bar, main room or upstairs) they have always been attentive and personal.  And finally, the owner/manager Jeff gives you faith that there are still people that own businesses that take pride in what they do.
2	If I could review the food separately from the service, then my review would be much more glowing.  On the 3 times that we've attempted to dine here the service has consistently been pretty painful.  I had to wait 30 minutes and ask 4 times to get my diet coke delivered to the table, after our first round of food was on the table.  They offer an all you can eat Simon-style brunch on the weekend, which turns out to be all you can wait.  Service is consistently not remotely fast or organized.  At the brunch, they often forget some of our orders that never arrive and servers are hard to flag down for drink refills or ordering.On my last visit as I washed my hands in the ladies room a female server busted through the door stuffing her face with a pastry over the bathroom sink.  Their kitchen whips up some pretty yummy fare, but until Republic improves their service issues, we will not be returning.
5	Sometimes great restaurants the food will naturally speak for itself.  It will keep customers coming back time and time again, and it's always the first choice because you can't go wrong with anything on the menu, and it will always satisfy everyone, no matter how picky of an eater they are.  This place I'm describing is definitely Republic Kitchen and Bar.  I can easily eat here a few times out of the week, always having different things, and sometimes I'm picky about what I want, however I can always say that the food is amazing and I always leave satisfied.  I'm impressed with the quality of the food and the incredible price.  Above all to add the icing to the cake, the service is pleasant, welcoming, and "going above and beyond" to make a customer happy is the experience I always get here.  I'm in the service industry myself, and managing a luxury brand I can recognize good service when it is given.  There isn't many places that I can say the food and service is exceptional, however Republic Kitchen and Bar is both.  If you haven't tried it, please do yourself a favor and join the fan club.  It is such a great place to be, and if trust me you will be hooked like I am.  Go check it out, I'm sure you will probably see me there because I'm a fan of great food, great price, and great service!
4	Great restaurant with great food.  Service is always spot-on and we enjoy this spot every couple months for lunch.  The lunch crowd is usually pretty light, but the food is always good and the servers are more than attentive.Definitely a must-visit!!
3	Happy Hour is what lured my friend and I in here. It is everyday from 5:30pm-7:30pm and reverse from 10pm-2am. The drink specials are nothing spectacular, but the food is decent. There are multiple selections of fried food items and a wedge salad for the "health weary" individual. My friend and I started with a sangria and a Guinness. The sangria was more like juice. It got me to think about what places made a good version and lead to the urge to just make my own. So few places have a wow inducing version and it is so easy to make.When we flagged down our bartender to order food; we got the pigs in a blanket ($4),  mozzarella squares ($4), and the signature PBJ dessert ($6, not on the happy hour specials). All three items were delicious. The strawberry jam for the fried dessert was odd. It just tasted like a sweeter and fruitier ketchup. Stick with the chocolate.
1	Very expensive and strange menu for Sunday breakfast. Not easy to understand. Just walked out and doubt will return. Went to BJs down the street for half the price. Might see it featured on kitchen nightmares one of these days.
2	I have eaten there about half a dozen times, and it is definitely going down hill,  Their Beef Strogonoff is a joke - no sour cream for the nice, expected creamy effect.
5	Love it here! Always good food, casual and upscale at the same time,  no pressure to dress up to fit in, or no awkwardness when you are dressed up for a nice date. food is familiar but taken up a notch, super tasty and creative! love the pot pie and desserts! live Music is great, great place to chill, eat, and just hangout. Managment staff always checking on guest with a smile and helpful suggestion. Win.
5	This place is amazing. The ambiance, the music, the staff, and of course the food. A group of my friends and I shared pretty much every appetizer on the menu and there was NOTHING that didn't taste delicious. Favorites were the truffle Mac n cheese and the mozzarella squares, both of which had that "fresh ingredients" feel. Everything tasted homemade. Their sweet potato fries came with maple syrup ketchup, which sounds weird but tasted unbelievably good!Check this place out! Trust me!
2	my food had no flava.......& my lava cake was burnt!!!!
3	I went on mothers day due to a friend highly recommending this place. I made the reservation online and had all my family with me. When we go to the restaurant we still had to wait 20 min. Then we got sat upstairs which looked like a kids loft. We placed our order and they brought out the wrong food. Then brought someone else's food. The runner didn't know his table numbers. Our server was very polite and made the some what terrible experience better. Our food took about 1 hr to even come out correctly. The manager came out and they were apologetic. I understand it was mothers day but events as such you must prepare. Even tho it wasn't the best experience I will still go back and try it a second time.
4	OK,  I go to Republic every once in a while, and have some slightly ambivalent feelings about it.  The menu looks fantastic and has a bunch of catchy titles, but the food can be hit or miss.  The happy hour treats make this a favorite on Eastern for me though.  Everyone does sweet potato fries, and theirs are good.  The entrees can be excellent but sometimes disappoint.  The chicken wings are OK...but with one exception that really got me going.  I told our waiter, a UNLV student, that I liked really hot wings. He told me it wasn't on the menu, but that I should try the ghost pepper wings......I was all in!   The wings came out covered in a sauce that had blinding vapors rising from it.  I didn't think they would really put the pedal to the metal, so I grabbed my first wing and devoured it.   The first bite drove me into uncontrollable hiccoughs and tears........oh my god it was incredible.  Lips burning, sweating, crying and hiccoughing, I finished the plate.  I asked how many had finished them, and he said only one other idiot had completed the plate.   They need a board, or at least a tee shirt......of course I paid for my culinary triumph that night and the next day, but if you like hot you MUST try the ghost wings.  Seriously.  Try them and let me know how it works out.
4	I came for a second try and was very happy !!  I had the burger and my wife had the philly !! my son had the hot dog !! it was a great experiance !! made up for the first one..
4	Upon arriving at Republic, you immediately forget the fact that you are in a shopping center.  Instead, it has the feel of a much more urban setting.  The decor seems to have Irish pub roots but has been cleaned up, reworked, refined.The staff was friendly enough.  There was a general sense that this place was a springboard for locals to use before taking in shows and events on the strip.  People were dressed up and everyone was having fun at the kind of pace that tends toward ramping up not settling down.The menu is diverse and satisfying.  The kitchen produced some tasty entrees but the standouts for us were the appetizers and the dessert.  Puffy tacos, Tuna nachos and Buffalo bites landed at our table and were engulfed at the phrenetic pace of the surrounding crowd.  However, nothing prepared me for the pending dessert.I love peanut butter, but this dessert arrived at my table and I knew something good was about to happen.  Fried peanut butter sandwiches with strawberry jelly dipping sauce.  The name says it all.  There also is a chocolate dipping sauce because "why not"  If you like the classic PB&J then you owe it to yourself to give this place a try.
4	Saturday brunch 18.99 buffet is very nice with tapas style items.  Service is just ok.
3	An interesting menu, with average food.
4	This place is a hidden gem! I've dined there numerous times and have always been pleased with my dish and their service. I will say some of the items are pricey for the portion, so I prefer hitting their happy hour (much better prices, but also smaller menu). However, their all-you-can-eat brunch is a steal of a deal!
4	This was our first time going to this restaurant, it was appealing because it looked like your childhood food with a grown up twist.  The food portions where good size and the restaurant was large and spacious.  The servers where good and very attentive to keeping all of our glasses filled.  The food came out in a quick manner and I loved the fact that my fries where in a little fryer basket.  I had the kobe sloppy joe and it was really good plenty of sauce but it wasn't over powering.   My wife had the *Rigatoni a la Vodka which she said was also really good.  She received so much that we actually shared it with the rest of the table.  We would definitely recommend eating at this Establishment.
4	I like this place!  Good, no GREAT, happy hour!  PRO TIP: Download the Watering Holes app on your smart phone and you can get your first drink for $1 - including some top shelf and good beers.
3	I got an email from the owner, apologizing for the service experienced, which these days is unheard of. I've been back since and the service had definitely improved, I don't go as much these days mainly because I'm in Summerlin. I did notice they had a pretty good looking happy hour.
3	I haveheard good things about Republic Kitchen & Bar's brunch on weekends, but work always conflicts with that.  So I finally decided to check out their lunch on my days off (weekday).The place was fairly emptied, but it was already past 1pm.  No hostess were present, but a waiter walking by told me he will assist me as soon as he takes care of his guests at a nearby table.After being seated and looking over the menu, I decided to get the Tiger Shrimp Wrap and their Mini PB&J Sandwiches (Fried) for dessert.The Tiger Shrimp Wrap was decent, the shrimp was more on the undercooked side, but I hate overcooked shrimp even more.  The side of Sweet Potato Fries were great, and their dipping sauce made it more special.The Mini Fried PB&J Sandwiches were good, it is served with two dipping sauces. I preferred my fried sweets dipped in their strawberry sauce.  The Dark Chocolate Sauce was alright, but nothing to write home or anywhere about.Overall, service was good, food was decent, but the brightly lit dining area make everything felt just a little bit better.If you have kids, they have an upstairs area filled with games that will keep toddlers entertained.  A nice touch.
2	So it's our anniversary weekend....my husband made a reservation for me and our twins as we had heard so many great things! I had even emailed him a brunch menu and my mouth was watering when he said we were going.How can you go wrong with a 20.00 brunch and 15.00 all you can drink mimosas.....35.00 per person is a small price to pay for greatness and live music!!!Obviously we come from a different place because we didn't get greatness....and to be clear the live music IS NOT JAZZ!!!! It is a guy and a girls with a ipod and a guitar....they were ok...just ok.We sat at a high table in a corner where the kids could barely reach the table...I asked for a booster seat (my kids have not used one in years but the tables were so high) and they didn't have any. I had heard about the great upstairs with games for kids but I guess they were too full for us to sit upstairs even though we had a reservation.After waiting for over 5 minutes and no server a manager came up to take our drink order. Finally our server came up and took our order.My husband and my food came out first leaving our kids just to sit there looking at our food (thank GOD they liked what we had so we could share)Red Velvet Pancakes were AMAZINGChicken and Waffles HORRIBLE....chicken no flavor and cold....waffles...soggy (PS who puts whipped cream on top of chicken and waffles)My husband ordered two of the extra special brunches (the ones where you can only order 3 per guest then an additional charge of 1.00 will occur per dish)Surf and turf eggs Benedict..... now we weren't expecting a huge portion but MY GOD was it small....and laughable. NY Strip Steak and Eggs....the piece of steak was smaller than my pinky and over cooked!!! So he ordered a second one....just to get his monies worth and the waitress said WOW....she really said WOW so that we could hear her....really WOW.....how about WOW you serve a mediocre small portion of meat and think it's amazing....how about NO THANK YOU!!!!We had to beg for refills of our mimosas and the coffee that is included in the price tastes like water.I am really sorry to be hard but you get what you pay for and I paid 35.00 per person....I could have made my own brunch and listined to Etta James on Pandora....I love to cook...but my husband wanted to do something nice for me and the kids.I really wanted to like it and give it a good review.....oh yeah and on the copy of the bill they give you...they tell you to bring a copy of your 5 Star Yelpp review for a free dessert.....no thanks....I make an awesome rumcake at home!
1	We have been here a number of times and always been very impressed with the food and the service. Today however was a different story. The staff was very courteous, but was slow and keep watch on the table. Drinks ran dry and we ran out of sugar for our coffee three times. The food was also subpar. We had three orders of biscuits and gravy that were cold with tough biscuits. We also had an order of eggs Benedict that had a raw English muffin.  Most of the food was only barely warm. To top it all off since we were a party of 8 we had a mandatory tip of 18% where it clearly was not deserved. We will be back for a second chance based on previous positive experience, but would not chance a third if there was a repeat of today.
1	Invited to a birthday celebration, decided to order a steak for dinner. "Sorry we don't have the Filet or the NY steak. We're also out of French Fries."  No French Fries at a bar?!  WTF?  So I order the Turkey Pot Pie. It didn't taste bad, but 30 mins later I was sick. Overall bad experience with exception of the waitress. She worked her ass off!
3	After a painful DMV visit, I decided to try this new brunchdeal some of my foodie friends have been talking about.Now, realize that Republic itself is not new. A couple years ago it replaced an irish pub.It is located in a very central (and convenient)green valley location and super easy to access. They are now doing this chic AYCE brunchPlace was busy but wait time was not an issue (food and sitting wise). Its awesome that they break down the brunch on 3 choices which also means 3 prices ( 10 ,15 and 20 bucks) thus making it more pocket friendlyThe force was strong with me and I went for the full experience of the 20 dollars one which includes the items of the 10 and 15 plus some other stuff. And I can tell I dont regret . The food presentation was clean and simple. Portions were small..like SMALL but who cares, as you can order more and its included in the price. There are 3 specialties that you can order for no additional charge(after ordering 3 its 1 dollar additional per plate). I personally recommend to skip the ridiculously tiny steak and stay with the filet and lobster benedict times 3 YO!Some things  I realized was that drinks were not included with the price but 15 bucks additional for unlimited mimosas was not bad at all (specially after 12 of them). Also...and sadly to report..Bacon was NOT included in the AYCE. are you serious??? no TOCINO? America is the land of the free and massive amounts of bacon.. DONT MESS WITH MY RIGHTS!! it should be anticonstitutional!With so many options to dine on the weekends in Vegas, Republic does a good job as a local chic and a little different approach kinda  place with a good athmosphere, deco and product. Include bacon and maybe juices or milk to the price and I will be a regular.Im giving it 3 stars because of the bacon and drinks situation
4	One of my favorite bars in Vegas. Such an awesome concept with the old school classic board games such as rockem sockem robots, and jenga! Oh yea and the Wii upstairs, so fun!. Love the black and white decor and the upstairs overlooks the bar. Very cool. The prices aren't bad and they serve Illy coffee, my favorite!Its usually pretty busy on weekends so i would suggest showing up early to grab a table or the upstairs part for the fun games.Def a fun bar to check out when your in the Green Valley area. Ive never tried the food but it always looks delish.
4	I was at the dog park with my dogs when I started talking to a girl who was a bartender here. She told me I should check it out because it is so close to my house, so I did, AND, I love it.The place is just gorgeous. I'm big on aesthetics so I don't hang around in too many dive bars unless they have a favorite beer or really good food. This place is dark and warm and inviting. My favorite kinda place. The televisions weren't too loud, it was just a really nice atmosphere.As soon as I walked in the bartender gives a big, welcoming smile that made me feel like she really liked me being there. There are some other bartenders in town (Ahem, Lobby Bar) that should really take a lesson. She was fast and when she was off with someone else another bartender would come over and ask me if I needed anything. Just really cool people here. They offered me glass options, even, because of the type of beer I was drinking. Very cool.I started to look at the menu and realized the food here just sounded so good. All of it. It made choosing something to eat really, really difficult. The menu is varied and with a little  something for everyone. I thought the menu was well thought out and diverse. Love that.I ended up just needing something small so I ordered an appetizer of buffalo chicken bites. I was surprised when they came out wrapped in wontons. They were tasty, but if I'm already eating fattening buffalo bites, I don't want them wrapped in carbs and deep fried in lard. I'd rather have them in chunks where I can just dunk 'em in ranch without anything else getting in between me and my spicy bites. That doesn't mean they're bad, it just means I prefer them done a little differently. Kudos for originality, though. They could have used a couple of carrot sticks and some celery, but, whatever.I had some time to kill and I couldn't just fill up on beer. Well, I could, but why when they have PB&J? Admittedly, it's also deep fried, but there's something very different about a sandwich being deep fried. Also, it was thankfully not wrapped in wonton. It was good, but the fried batter around it totally drowned out the taste of the PB&J. I didn't even get the slightest hint that I was eating PB&J. That's obviously a disappointment when you order something you think IS PB&J. So, really, you're just eating fried batter. There is something delicious about dipping said fried batter into chocolate, actually. I'm  just saying, don't go in and think you're going to taste the PB&J, but do be prepared for the deliciousness of batter and chocolate. The end of my food/beer affair here came to a disappointing end. There was a party upstairs and the bartender got a little busy so I didn't get the same attention as when I walked in. She did apologize, but I thought that an experienced bartender with help would be able to deal. Not a terrible end, just disappointing. I liked her spectacular service and just wanted more of it! If you live in Henderson/Green Valley this place is conveniently located with ample parking. I'm in love, it is now my new fave place. Look for a million check-ins when I get home!
3	Eh. Overpriced mediocre food. Over cooked calamari, pigs in a blanket were not impressive. The brunch buffet may be promising, but wouldn't go back for lunch.
2	I am amazed that this place has decent reviews. We were seated immediately - no surprise because the place was almost empty. Our drinks came quick, and our order was taken in a timely fashion. It took nearly an hour or us to get our food, which was mainly soups, salads, and sandwiches.I ordered a turkey, avocado and bacon sandwich. The bread on my sandwich was completely charred, as was my coworkers. Instead of replacing the bread once burnt, they lightly toast the other side so you don't notice initially. Nearly everyone at my table had something wrong with their order.After they delivered the food, they vanished. They didn't refill our drinks or check on us. We actually had to stand near the kitchen, and wait for someone to request the bill.Bad food. Bad service. No thanks!
5	I have been coming here for quite some time. The place is very warm and inviting with a very laid back atmosphere. The food is awesome and the staff is very attentive. The menu has a variety of items that include anything from simple to elaborate appetizers to full on entrees. Afterward, I recommend that everyone try the Fried PB and J. It is amazing!I think the best concept they have is the weekend all-you-can-eat brunch. For a very moderate price, I can all of the great breakfast foods that I can handle. They have everything from delicious pastries to full on chicken fried steak, steak and eggs and eggs Benedict.
4	After my first encounter I was sure I wouldn't revisit this place, but I was contacted by one of the owner's an invited to give it another go and I am glad I did. It was a totally different experience from my previous visit. I arrived around lunch time today, and it got pretty busy. There was only one server but he was very attentive, and offered suggestions. I ordered chicken soup, the chicken quesadilla and finished with the lava cake. The soup was really good. The broth had a nice kick to it. Not spicy, just a flavor that wouldn't get in your everyday chicken noodle soup soup. It also had zucchini, which I love. Great start.I am sucker for Mexican food, so of course I have no complaints about the quesadilla. It's new on the menu under the appetizers, but I had it for an entree. It's made with a whole wheat tortilla, and I think there may be bacon inside? Not sure, but it was really good. It's served with sour cream, fresh pico de gallo, and one of the best guacamole's I've ever tasted!The lava cake wasn't a lava cake. It was good chocolate cake, but there was no chocolate lava (see photo). I tried a bit of the bananas fosters, and I would recommend that over the lava cake.All-in-all great improvements and nice atmosphere. I'd really like to check this place out at night. I'll definitely be back.
3	We ate breakfast here at 9 AM on a Saturday.  We were the only people in the place, and got great service.  We had the all you can eat, and for the most part, it did not disappoint.  I really want to give this place 4 stars, but I can't.  To start, you can order several dishes at a time, and they bring them out as they are prepared.  I really REALLY liked this.  It allows you to relax instead of constantly planning your next move.  And, they did bring them out fairly quickly.The stars for my wife and I were as follows:  biscuits and gravy, chicken and waffles, monte cristo, cheese blintzes, and the omelet (ham and cheese).  The chicken and waffles is a very solid portion, a huge waffle and 2 good size chicken tenders.  The gravy is sausage cream gravy with excellent flavor and consistency.  The monte cristo is a half sandwich, but it was a solid representation of this dish.The "limited" specialty items were a little disappointing.  The steak and lobster is literally a bite of each in a benedict setting.  It's great quality, and I understand the price is $20, but only a bite was annoying.  The steak and eggs was likewise very small, maybe 4 bites.  Overall, the service was great and the people friendly.  We will likely be back.
2	An open letter to the janitor in my building:Dear Janitor,I am so so so very sorry for what I did immediately after you cleaned up the restroom today. That was messed up. If I had known the tuna I ate at this restaurant last night was going to make my butt explode like ACME 5 ton roadrunner stopping dynamite, I would have not eaten it. I'm sorry and I owe you something for this atrocity against you and your family.At least the server was cute and nice.Regards.
3	Maybe I'm getting jaded but this place is only ok to me. To be fair for Las Vegas it is a better bar, but I think I've grown bored of the atmosphere that this place is trying for and the menu they offer. The pluses, decent happy hour, they don't allow indoor smoking, and the servers are pretty friendly. The place is clean and modern, but it's the same trendy look that I've been seeing for years. I do like the dark bar. I've eaten here a few times and for the life of me can't remember anything I ate but I also don't remember hating anything, so I'd say the food is ok.The minuses, the menu is the same boring overly trendy selections that you EVERYWHERE! Wedge salad, mac and cheese, Kobe beef sliders (fyi it's not really kobe as you can't get kobe in the US because the FDA doesn't allow it in), blah blah blah. This is why I think I may be jaded. I'm so sick of seeing "Kobe" and "Truffle" anything on menus. Honestly, truffle oil is synthetic and disgusting. People are  just being wanna-be-pretentious-trendy-arses when they claim it's awesome. It's not and you're dumb is you think it is. Luckily the parking is great and it's in a pretty good location. I'm sure I'll go back at some point, but it's never jumped out at me as some place I'm just dying to get to when I get off work. I really preferred the steak place next to BJ's that I can't for the life of me remember the name of right now. I'm not saying don't go, but don't expect anything TOO original.
2	despite only being 2 other tables at 7pm, it took a whole 15 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge us, limited menu, the food took forever and it was below average. the only reason i gave it two stars was for the atmosphere.
5	I love it here. Love it.  My favorite brunch. Just go, and go hungry, and ask for Erica because she is the best. Because it's all you can eat and you order tons of things at once it can get really confusing, but she always has everything out perfectly. Some days we forget to ask for her and there is a huge difference in service. I've been trying to steal her to come work with me. Anyway.You can go fancy or in pajamas. I see some of the best totally effortless looking dress on people there I swear. It's comfortable and always an eclectic mix of people. Crepes are the best. Cheese danish, yogurt parfait, surf & turf eggs benedict, bagel w/ lox.  Monte crisco sandwich gross, but there are dozens of other things to pick. Red Velvet pancakes. I can't believe it's Sunday and I'm going to have to wait until next week. If you didn't know before, now you do. (What somebody said to me my first time.)
3	AYCE brunch?  What a concept!  I loved that I could eat all I can for $20.The food was just mediocre though, but I did enjoy the fact that I could a lot of it. I ordered:Cinnamon Raisin French Toast.  Nothing special, I'm sure I can make it better at home, but it was good enough to eat like it was home made or something.Eggs Benedict.  You get one muffin, so I ordered 2 of these.  Nothing special either, but good enough!Poached Egg on Has.  Be careful, this plat e comes w/ a lot of Hash; well more on the hash potato side.  Nothing special here, only ordered it once.  Hash should have more meat.Republic Surf and Turf Benedict.  Could barely taste the lobster in this one.I might come here again, if I'm really hungry for breakfast and am in the area.  It's A-OK!
2	Horrible service! Won't come here again. Food was ok nothing special.
3	Stopped in once for lunch and went with the Sloppy Joe which was pretty good but a knife and fork kind of sandwich.  I appreciated the hefty serving but the bottom part of the bun was so thin and soggy that it was impossible to eat with your hands.My wife went with the famous lobster sandwich and I was just glad I didn't order it.  To me, the lobster didn't taste good at all and the with the big price tag on it, I thought it was a disappointment.We did come back recently to test out the happy hour.  We thought we could try out a wide variety of dishes on the cheap and get a better feel for the place.  On the plus side, I'd go back for $2 14oz drafts all day.  You won't find a better deal than that from what I can tell.  Unfortunately, of all the happy hour items we tried, a majority I wouldn't get again.  Those included the mac and cheese bites, buffalo chicken bites, chicken spring rolls, and short rib sliders.  I will say the wings were solid and I would likely get multiple orders of those next time.  We also enjoyed the cheeseburger and the fries that come with the burgers/sliders.  Still, only hitting on 2/6 appetizers is underwhelming.
5	OH GOD, THEIR BRUNCH. I am a total brunch junkie and have tried a good amount of places in town. This one is one my favourites. It's all you can eat but in small portions, which I appreciate considering that I'm the type of person who just wants to try several things, as opposed to get a full meal of only one thing. All their selections are equally appetizing, but I have a particular affinity for their yogurt parfait and red velvet pancakes. The crab benedict is also quite wonderful.
5	I've been to Republic for their weekend brunch and happy hour, and can safely say it's my favorite spot for both.The brunch satisfies the "All You Can Eat" requirement so many of our visitors have, plus lets us have great variety about what we're eating. It's laid back, relaxing and a fun environment. The weekend mornings are definitely busy there, so plan accordingly but it's a kid friendly moment in a restaurant I wouldn't otherwise bring our kids to.The Happy Hour is simply the best in the area. The menu is great, the drinks are great, the service is great.
3	Great concept in theory and a very nice ambience with great bartenders but pricey drinks and overpriced small portioned average quality food options. It's not the worst... Nonsmoking at least. Maybe for happy hour drinks (happy hour food still overpriced for what you get).
3	Have not been in for their brunch but reviews have me completely intrigued. Happy Hour is pretty awesome. The Chicken Wings here; SOO GOOD! Drinks are average and averege priced. They have a pool table upstairs with plenty of seating around the second floor for those interested in a pool challenge. This is a chillax kinda establishment...not much dancing or craziness goes on here. Would be nice though...
1	I have only written about 3 reviews in my life on Yelp but this place definitely deserved a review because it was a pathetic excuse for a meal.My husband and I just had the brunch today and I can say it was the worst $35 I think I have ever spent in my life.Absolutely no care goes into the food...it was the worst.-Banana Foster pancakes: DISGUSTING HARD BANANAS and clumpy disgusting jelly-type stuff on it - it didn't taste like bananas, I had my husband taste also and he agreed...I returned it.  When I told the waitress she said the cook said the bananas weren't ripe...wth??-Apple Cinnamon Pancakes: SMELLED like ammonia or some chemical was in the apple topping!Both pancakes were sooo below average and I could have made them better for myself for free!Omelets: WAAAY BELOW AVERAGE, another item I could have made a better one at home.Strawberry Waffles: DUMB. A big, thick, soggy waffle with TWO cut up strawberries on top and whipped cream????Please try to serve better food Republic Kitchen.  People come to your restaurant and pay you for a decent meal...very disappointing meal.  I actually wish I could get my money back for that. It is clear that no thought goes into pleasing the customer but a lot of thought goes into charging far above what is deserved for this type of food...
5	One of the better brunch options in town can be found here. On Saturday's and Sunday's they have an all you can eat brunch with prices ranging from $9.99 - $19.99. Prices are based on the menu categories you want to order from. All you can drink mimosas are available for an additional $15 or all you can drink bloody mary's for $12.One can't-miss item is the poached egg on pastrami hash. The potatoes were deliciously crispy and light in all the right places and the chunks of pastrami added a wonderful saltiness and savoriness to the dish. Mix in the poached egg after slicing it open and together it's a dish you won't forget.The flakiness of the pecan sticky buns topped with the sweet and smooth caramel sauce creates another winner. The lemon ricotta pancakes come three per order so you may want to share. They're light and fluffy with a subtle lemon flavor. The Monte Cristo, the stuffed French toast, and the cheese blintzes are two other dishes that my wife and I had no trouble finishing.The Hollandaise on the surf and turf was a bit too eggy and thick for my liking, but considering that was the only dish I wasn't crazy about it's easy to overlook that one misstep. The great service and comfortable environment also helped to make my dining experience enjoyable. It's a locally owned business, so I'll be happy to support them and return for future meals.4.5 Stars
5	AWESOME food, service and atmosphere! From dinner to brunch every dish I have had was very delicious. The staff does an awesome job and the prices are great....making this a perfect hangout spot! Love this place :)
4	Because Ive heard rave reviews of the tuna nachos, I started off with those along with the Dill Martini. The Cucumber Dill Martini was very unique. The crisp cucumber wedge added a light summer touch to the beverage which was very cool and refreshing on a hot summer night.The tuna nachos were delicious with generous toppings of fresh tuna piled high over crispy wontons. I wanted to order a second....I ordered the Nicoise Salad, but I was a bit disappointed I didnt get to try it since we were given a plain side salad instead by mistake. By the time the server came back and asked how everything was, my salad bowl was completely empty to ask for the other salad. the Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing was so flavorful with their delicious blends that I wanted to sop up what dressing I had left with a biscuit. The friendly server even informed us that the dressing is made from scratch.  YUMMY! The Filet MIgnon was very tender and juicy and the turkey pot pie was flaky with a rich creamy flavor.If your tired of the same boring chicken fingers at Applebees and your looking for a creative food fusion, with a contemporary relaxed atmosphere, Id suggest Republic Kitchen to wake your taste buds.
1	The food was awful. We only went because the other restaurant we tried nearby was closed. We had a spinach salad, which was the highlight of the meal. The wedge was blech, the calamari was eewwwwww, and the creamed corn was so bad I sent it back. How do you mess up creamed corn?
2	Waitress messed my buddies order up so he didn't eat anything and left. I ordered the Cajun ahi tuna. Tuna was great but for $22 I expect more than plain white rice and frozen carrots and peas on the side. Gave this place a try. Makes sense why everyone was drinking and not eating there. Gave one extra star because it was clean and had a nice look to it, if that counts.
5	Absolutely amazing. The ambience, the atmosphere, and the staff. The happy hour prices are unbelievable for how good of a quality the food is. Will be back often. Definitely a hidden gem. Looks can be deceiving since it is never looks like anyone is there from the outside.
2	The steak and eggs and pastries were really good. Other than that everything else was mediocre. On top of that the service was horrible! A couple of waiters were arguing and cussing at each other right before they got to our table. If the food was delicious, I wouldn't really care; but non-delicious food and bad service are a combo no no. Just not worth coming to since there are so many other options in Vegas.
3	Stopped in for lunch today.  Nice atmosphere, decent food but nothing special.  Server was pleasant but our food took over 45 minutes to bring out (only salads and sandwiches amongst the group).  I don't think I would go back on my own but would not resist if it was a group decision.
4	We've gone to Republic Kitchen for a few years.  We have always been pleased with the service and the food.  We mainly go for the Happy Hour.  We love the pigs in a blanket and the wedge salad has always been good.  They have great drink prices at Happy Hour.  Just got back from going tonight.  Brittany was the bartender and she gave exceptional service, was funny, and enjoyable to talk with.  I had a Car Bomb with Powers, something I had never tried before.  The Mac and Cheese bites were good as were all the appetizers we had.  $4 for a glass of wine, $2 for a beer.  Those are nice prices.  It's a locally owned business, not a franchise.  We like supporting businesses such as this.
5	Great hidden gem off the strip.  Could be the best brunch spot in Vegas.  All you can eat, high quality brunch every weekend.  Cool decor and an upstairs area with space for private events.  Best part is the owners.   Thy always made sure my favorite football team was on one of the TVs (J-E-T-S).  Highlights of the menu include the PB&J bites, the fish & chips and the pancakes.  Can't wait (bart scott voice) to go back!
1	Would give it 0 stars if I could and total waste of some money. Went for a Vegas painting party event and it  sucks! Party started at 6 so we arrived around 5 so we could eat before and get some drinks. First thing we noticed was that their was "NO AIR CONDITIONING"!!!! C'mon this is Vegas people! You know it's bad when outside is cooler than inside! Sat down and no service, finally went up there to ask for help. Was told we have to sit at bar if we wanted to eat and drink. So fine we did & waited forever and had to get up again for help. Anyway, since it was happy hour ordered buffalo chicken bites and macaroni bites. My mom ordered a lettuce wedge and cheese sticks. Omg, the lettuce wedge was laughable! They cut a head of lettuce in half and drowned it with dressing. As for the other items they were alright but I could get the same food and quality in a drive thru. By the time we got our food it was already 6:15 and the party started. Had to down our food because they wouldn't let us take our food upstairs and if it's not enough. They said we couldn't get happy hour when we're upstairs. If we wanted that price we have to come down and get the drinks ourselves. Even though theirs a waitress that will be serving us for the party. Huh? The upstairs is attached to the damn building! Never heard that before and I wasn't even as upset as the other patrons. They really let the owner/manager have it. They only had 1 bartender, waitress, and the manager/owner working there. NEVER will I ever come back to this rathole again! Instead of it being called Republic Kitchen..it should be called Republic Sewage! I can't believe their still in business....hmmm, maybe that's why theirs no air condition!
4	Love this place . Been here a few times and  good people good food and great happy hr . Lost of vegetarian options for happy hr; which is rare . Just wish they had more drinks on happy hr menu .
3	Went back for another round at Republic and things turned out much better than our previous experience.We had the Ahi Tuna Nachos which were pretty good, but not great.  There was plenty of tuna and the homemade chips were solid.  However, I feel like to call it a nacho it needed a little more, i.e. lettuce, tomato, sour cream, ...but maybe they tried some additional toppings and they didn't jive, what do I know.We also went with one of the burgers which was a good call.  Overall it was solid which is good, because if you screw up a burger you don't have much hope.We went on Friday night and unfortunately it wasn't that crowded.  They do have a reverse happy hour which is great, especially on a weekend.  It truly is a nice place inside and has an above average bar...really nice decor.I've heard they have a good brunch so it I may try that out on a Sunday morning and catch some NFL games once the season starts up...that is if the bartender allows the tvs to be switched from tennis (who cares) and talk news (talk shows should be never played in bar).
2	Friends and I've always wanted to try this place and finally came around to it. We walked in around 6pm on a Sunday for some good food.Ambience: Casual. The interior is very cute, homey but classy, and modern. The restaurant was pretty empty on a Sunday evening, but might have been due to the impending rain. Music was very cute! Overheard that it was 80's rock on Pandora :)Food: We got the spinach artichoke dip, grilled cheese & tomato soup, sliders, and a side of sweet potato fries. The food took slightly longer than expected and came out all at once (which we didn't mind since we were sharing everything anyways). Everything was slightly overdone if not BURNT. Spinach artichoke dip had deeply burnt edges all around and did not taste good at all. The consistency was off, and the pita it came with was deeply burnt on one side and obviously the visible side was fine. Grilled cheese&tomato soup - The sourdough bread was burnt but not as bad as the pita. It was edible. The tomato soup looked and tasted like plain crushed tomato in a can. Sliders - 3 sliders, looked very cute. I didn't try them, but friends said they were pretty good, meat done right, and was the best menu item on our table. Sweet potato fries - I pulled the first one out, excited since I have been craving them for awhile, and of course, at the end of the fry was... black. Even the sweet potato fries were burnt. Taste-wise they were fine, a bit crispier than normal, but managed to satisfy my craving.Service: Server was fine. No smiles or warm welcome or anything, but she did what she needed to do. As stated earlier, food took longer than expected and was burnt. We placed a good amount of the burnt pita bread that was inedible on the side of the plate. If I was a server and saw that, I'd immediately offer to bring new bread, but I mean... people don't all think alike I guess...Overall, will not be returning, but perhaps late night is better? Very cute place, sad that it was a fail...
5	The food is not good, it's really good. I always support local businesses, and this is one business I visit regularly. Try the weekend buffet!!
2	I really want to like this place. The location is great, the staff is pleasant, and the overall look and feel of the restaurant itself is really cool and unique.HOWEVER.This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food. It's good, but it ain't that good. My boyfriend and I came here for their AYCE brunch and were incredibly disappointed. We were in the mood for chicken and waffles, however when we ordered, they kept saying the waffle maker was "broken" and it would be a while. A long ass while. It took forever just to get the chicken and waffles and when they finally came, not only was there just 2 measly little nuggets of chicken, but the waffle was not even thoroughly cooked. You would think if the waffle was going to suck you wouldn't scrimp on the chicken, which, is actually very tasty but SO not worth it for 2 bite-sized pieces. The rest of the items on the brunch menu are just okay, nothing extraordinary. The portions are small which I understand because it is AYCE etc, but the price just does not compute. Their omelettes are an absolute joke as well. We have come here for dinner in the past and for the most part have been relatively satisfied with the food. The balsamic chicken with couscous is really fantastic, but again, way too overpriced.
5	I walked in and was immediately greeted with a warm smile. I sat at the bar and the bartender showed us the menu and inform us about the happy hour, he had great menu knowledge. Service was speedy, he was happy to change the channel for me to golf. The ambience was very chill and classy. I would definitely come back for happy hour again.
2	We went back and forth to where we were gonna enjoy our "date" lunch and decided we want to start patronizing the "local" small businesses/restuarants rather than chain restaurants so we ended up at Republic Kitchen....and what a joke.  They seem to focus on party's upstairs, maybe that's what is keeping them in business..  One server for the dining room which was also delivering food upstairs to the party.  Took at least 45 minutes to get our food and it was ok, not horrible but way over priced.  I'd normally cut the server some slack since she the only one on but her attitude was mostly the problem, not friendly at all!  No manager on duty that we could see and we where there for almost and hour and 45 minutes. We wont be going back.
1	just was trying to find a bite to eat for lunch, they're nearby, so I tried to check out the menu online to order something or at least see what they offer. Menu on their website was not working, so I figured I would try and run over there and take a peek to order something to go. The lady who I spoke to, who was all the way back in the bar as there was no greeter, was pretty rude when I asked about a menu. Let her know I was just wanting to check them out, and her demeanor totally ruined it. Guess I'll just look somewhere else :(
5	One of my favor off the strip secrets when I'm in town. I try to make it iut there every trip. The food is amazing I usually only do brunch which puts me into a coma. The drinks are good as well...my favorite has to be the Cornbeef Hash and the Chicken and waffles.
5	Best casual bar and happy hour in town! Lovely bartenders and just a fun place to go!! I love the $5 Caprese Salad during Happy Hour and their Red Sangria is beyond yummy!! It's a MUST for happy hour!!
3	Went for lunch this week and after the experience I was torn on how to rate. When I walked in the place was empty except for 4 girls having cocktails. No greeter at the door. It was a beautiful day but the patio was empty. Walked up to the bar and I was greeted promptly by the bar tender. She was nice and served our drinks promptly. ****do not get a fountain drink from the bar***** A happy hour menu was available so I ordered 5 things. Calamari, buffalo bites, Mac and chz bites, petit steak, and burger. All of the food was served right away and was actually really good. Had to ask for silver wear and plates but that was taken care if quickly. Overall I was satisfied with the experience. Would have been nice to be around a few more people to create a bit more of an atmosphere. Curious to see when it is really busy. Seems more of a night time hang out with really cheap drinks due to the fact they have happy hour all day.
1	First of all came here for brunch and it was over priced!! Everything I wanted on the menu  they did not have plus the food was under cooked.. The waiter George tried his best and very positive he was the best Server in this place as far as the rest of the service terrible!! The bartenders never asked us if we would like more drinks i also experienced another group asking them for help. Whn she only showed attention to one group being that there was only 3 groups in the place. George again was what customer service is made the rest of the staff terrible and rude just like their food
1	My friends and I decided to go here on Sunday to catch up over brunch and mimosas. Expecting a good time with good food and drinks, we got the complete  opposite. As we sat down to order, our server made us aware that they were out of several items listed on the menu which left us with very limited options.Everything we ordered seem to have a problem. Coffee was watered down, berries had MOLD, pancakes were uncooked, eggs were runny. Nothing we ordered tasted good except for my croissant which is impossible to mess up. After we paid for over priced snacks, we hung out for a while to finish our drinks and conversation. Time passed and we realized we had been sitting there for over an hour without anyone checking on us to see if we needed anything else. We asked for another mimosa and the waitress said very rudely "brunch is now over"  as she walked away without giving us the option to order anything on a separate tab. It is such a shame that I use to recommend this place to several people and I now feel awful for doing that. I hope my friends did not receive  the same treatment or food quality as I did. I will not be going back here again! The continental breakfast in the lobby of the holiday inn tastes better than this place.
5	I had a great experience there, the brunch menu... Amazing!! Good scenery, friendly staff, and food was delicious. I literally ordered seconds last Sunday.  The owners were there making sure guests were taken care of which I always appreciate.I would definitely recommend this local spot to all my friends.Cheers!
5	Great atmosphere, owners and employees extremely friendly. Great Happy Hour. If you want a really cool contemporary place to hang I suggest Republic Kitchen.
1	Items selected:CoffeePecan Sticky BunsMonte Cristo with Ham, Gruyere, 'fresh fruit'Sausage, Cheese, Egg stuffed French ToastCinnamon Raisin French Toast - "Vermont Maple Syrup"Lemon Ricotta Pancakes with Creamy Lemon RicottaChicken and Waffles - Crispy Chicken and Fluffy Waffle Red Velvet Pancakes with IcingWith two disappointing stops and plenty of food left on the table already under my belt an afternoon stop to watch some football was planned at the seemingly well praised Republic Kitchen & Bar $20 All You Can Eat "Jazz Brunch/Breakfast" - a meal featuring approximately thirty made-to-order items served in a large, brick and wood heavy bar located in Henderson.  Featuring a pair of televised football games but lacking jazz, patrons, and appropriate descriptions on the menu the meal began with a single cup of acrid and luke warm coffee before I requested a fresh brew that finally arrived over forty minutes later and moving on to food choices the most consistent fact spanning the items selected was simply that of blatant misrepresentation; the Monte Cristo with 'fresh fruit' delivered with a Heinz Grape Jelly packet and the "Vermont Maple Syrup" also Heinz - a corn syrup bastadization of maple syrup fresh from Pittsburgh.  With overcooked eggs and flavorless ham dominating earlier selections while the chicken and waffles was laughable at best it was only the two sticky buns slathered in 'syrup' and the surprisingly soft and delicate lemon pancakes that prevented the meal from total disaster, but even at $20 the whole experience was not one I'd recommend to anyone, ever, especially with Novecento next door.
1	Never again. Wanted to like this place. 3 strikes. Always out of everything. Even cocktail mixes. Went for happy hour 5 pm, place was empty, had a short 25 ounce dogfish beer, wife had a bar vodka and sparkling. Problem with the sparkling water according to the bartender. Went to order apps, out of everything we wanted, so we asked for the tab, $22, 2 drinks, happy hour. I asked for an explanation, bartender got rude, called for the manager., like we wanted to see the manager. Paid cash, left a tip, Should have paid with a card.  NEVER again. Never!
1	3pm on a Saturday...4 people at the bar and restaurant empty. Ordered the Lobster Sandwich...kitchen out of Lobster (red flag) ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup and although the menu clearly stated choice of sides the waitress/bartender decided today you do not get any sides...kind of like the soup nazi from Seinfeld, "no sides for you!" My wife ordered the steak and cheese sandwich which arrived on a burnt hoagie roll (burnt as in charcoal)We ordered mimosas...wait for the check. 4 mimosas totaled $48! I went to the bar to ask if they were Vouve, Dom or Cristal...the answer...j rouge or some garbage. I googled it. $5 per bottleSo you're telling me for the 16 oz total of champagne you served I could have purchased 10 bottles??? This is Vegas, if I'm buying bottle service I want a booth on the dance floor and dancing girls!When I asked to return the two untouched mimosas sitting on the table the waitress said, "you're only returning them because of the price." Laugh out loud that is correct!!!I asked for a discount and she called the owner. No manager on duty and the only employee front of house has zero authority.No wonder this place is empty. If the owner has deep pockets this place has a year to live...if not I give it 6 months before it's converted to a book store.Hollywood pay attention...this place is a great candidate for Kitchen Nightmares or Bar Rescue.I gave it one star because you can't post a review with no stars...and cheap champagne will still give you a buzz. I payed the full check (with tip although not my usual generous tip) and will NEVER return.Save yourself the frustration and choose any one of the other  numerous dining options in this area.
5	Great ambiance & staff not 2 mention food! ;)
