3	Tomo's has been open for a year. It is near the corner of W McDowell and Dysart, in a Lowe's big box mall. It is Korean owned, managed and the sushi chefs are all Korean, too.They spent quite a bit on decor, and it reminds me a bit like a Scottsdale type establishment in decor, but considerably cheaper food than your RA's or Sapporo in upscale Snotsdale. It is large, with a Z shaped sushi bar with a high counter. Jay is the main sushi chef, Jason the second, and although he is middle aged Korean, he learned the trade in Cambridge, MA from an older Japanese chef. He has also plied his trade in Irvine, La Canada and Santa Barbara, CA before coming out to Goodyear. This is the only Japanese restaurants in this neck of the valley. The bar area has large red paper lanterns, and you can order sushi while guzzling your favorite adult beverage. In the dining area, the sushi bar is decorated with bamboo covered lanterns. The surfaces are of solid heavy materials. A copper 3/4 moon platter designates each sushi bar seat. As is typical of a made-for-Americans-Korean-owned Japanese sushi bar, you order off the check list menu, which is handed to the chef. Jay served my nigiri selctions in rectangular platers of heavy ceramic. The dishware was modern and esthetically attractive. The sushi was OK for Goodyear, but certainly not to major coastal city standards. The prices were perhaps a tiny bit high, perhaps to pay for the decor.The dining area has 3 plasma TVs: 2 showing sports, and the center one running a commercial for Tomo itself, with names and pictures of Chefs, and colorful pix of some of their signature appetizers (i.e. baked green mussels) and sushi rolls (the regulars plus others)It is funny, even though I could pass for a Mexican Terrorist, they were initially suspicious of me, like I was scoping the place out to open a competitive restaurant in the area. Maybe because I only ordered nigiri. They relaxed after I kept reassuring them. You are served miso shiro right away and a crispy salad after that, included. They charge for green tea, though, $1.95! But then, the couple to the left and right of me both drank large sodas with their sushi! Maybe with Safeway sushi, but dining out? Well, it is Goodyear AZ after all, not known for its restaurants or epicurean elite. Service was excellent on this slower Monday, with at least 2 waitresses checking on me constantly. Beerand cold sake bottles are served in wooden bowls filled with shaved ice ...nice touch. For Goodyear, this is a good choice. It is clean, pleasant, with nice decor and ok sushi. They also offer other Japanese dishes.
3	I went to Tomo with a very large group (around 18 folks, we had a reservation). Things didn't start out so good...the manager wanted all of us to pay cash because he didn't want to split the checks! After we explained that none of us had brought cash (seriously, who pays with cash anymore?) he left for a bit, and then came back and said we could split the check. So, I believe they were just being lazy, since they ended up splitting the check anyway. If they had wanted us to pay with cash, they should have informed us when we made the reservations! Poor management. Overall the serves did a good job though after this incident. Moving along to the food. The green tea was unlike other green tea that I have had. It had a nutty taste to it that I didn't care for. Perhaps that is more authentic? I don't know, but it wasn't what I was expecting, and didn't drink it. The miso soup was excellent and brought out fairly quickly. Hubby and I shared the gyoza and the spider sushi. The gyoza was crunchy, but not too crunchy, and came in a boat. Nice presentation. The sushi was good too. Nothing out of this world, but good. Another person with us had a noodle dish that looked great. It had scallops, mussels, and shrimp. I didn't try it though, so can't say for sure. And the hot sake was great. Always good to have hot sake with my sushi. And to finish it all off...the green tea ice cream. Now this was delicious, and my favorite part of the evening! Nice and creamy, not overly sweet, but just sweet enough. Bottom line: Don't go with large groups unless you have cash, sushi is ok, but the green tea ice cream is worth the trip.
4	They must be under some new management or something, because the last few times I have gone, I have never had a problem with customer service or the quality of food. I was actually ASTONISHED on my last visit because there are now over 100 rolls to choose from. It honestly took my co-worker and I over 10 minutes to look through the entire menu and decide what we wanted. We were both very satisfied. The prices per roll range between $8-12, pretty standard for a sushi place. They were obviously made fresh to order. We were also offered free miso soup as well. Let's face it, Miso soup is miso soup, so even though it wasn't amazing, it was free and it's the thought that counts. My water must have been re-filled about 4 times, I kid you not. Especially when the place is not super busy, the wait staff is very attentive, even if they aren't your assigned server. ONE PLUS...THEY HAVE HAPPY HOUR EVERYDAY!!!! They have $2 drafts of Coors Lite, Miller Lite and one other I think. They also have a good amount of appetizers for $4.95 during happy hour. All in all, I wouldn't complain. I will continue to go back.
4	First came to this sushi bar right around when it first opened. Everything here was fresh and tasted wonderful. Service was good. Rolls were amazing. One of the better sushi bars on this side of town.
5	I agree with Raymond, place must be under new management because the service and food was amazing! My only complaint is the same as Nakama, which is in the same shopping center, I ordered Sushi, my husband ordered a cooked dish and my food came out about 10 minutes before my husbands and I really wish they would time it better, I think I'll request they bring them out together next time. We will absolutely be back!
4	Came in for happy hour specials and the rolls and drinks were delish! Can't beat $2 drinks and cheap huge delish rolls. It's definitely good for those times when you want a fancy tempura-ized ginormous roll. The regular prices looked reasonable....yum.... will be back next time I'm in the area.
4	Who knew that you could find good sushi in Goodyear?? I was pleasantly surprised by Tomo Japanese. I had a "Dream Roll" and a shrimp tempura thing that i forgot the name of. They were both very good. The Dream Roll was a salmon/avacado roll that was really good. The salmon was very fresh and the kind that just melts in your mouth. This place is on par with Zen 32, my most favorite sushi spot in  Phoenix. The atmosphere and service were both very good. My sushi took a bit longer than expected to show up, but it was worth the wait. I'll definitely  be back to Tomo!
5	The food here is great! I go here all the time, and I've even made friends with the owner. The people who work here are awesome too. When I go I always split with someone because of how much food I get. It's a deal! Everyone I bring here loves it. The sushi is one of the best I've tasted, and it taste like REAL sushi. I will come here again and again. The places is comfortable and relaxing on day's that aren't super busy. Good place to talk, eat, and chill. They also have a bar, and karaoke nights if you're into that.
4	Had started going to Tomo when they had first opened.  Eventually weened ourselves away from the place because at the time it seemed that the service was not quite the same and we're real sticklers about that kind of thing.  Once we've had bad experience at a place usually don't go back.  Well we did decide to try Tomo again after the other place we found really began to suck and we are glad we did.Service has been great and they seem to have a much larger selection to choose from.  Usually sit at the sushi bar, like to watch them making everything.  When you sit there you get this great little salad of lettuce, cucumber and julienned carrots with this flavorful dressing.  You also get a bowl of miso soup.  Then the rolls start coming and yum, yum, yum.If you have room for dessert after getting your sushi fix on, you need to try one of the tempura ice creams.  It's a ball of ice cream, they have different flavors to choose from, coated with tempura batter, quickly deep fried, then presented on the plate quartered with whipped cream and chocolate drizzle.  What a way to spend the evening.
4	My wife and I wanted to grab some dinner before we ran to the store on Saturday, and with the help of yelp, we found Tomo. I have probably drive by Tomo hundreds of times and never gave it a second thought. Glad we found this on yelp. I ordered a sushi sampler with a spicy tuna roll and it was very good. My wife had ordered the "Goodyear" roll, and it was amazing. I have to say I was shocked at the quality of the sushi, and the amazing presentation. My Sapporo can in a cold chiller with ice dancing up the bottle, it was very nice and kept my beer nice and cold during dinner (always a fine point with me). There are a few choices for Sushi in the West Valley, but this one is a nice combo of price and quality. Is it the best? Not in my opinion, but it is the best value you'll find.
5	I grew up in San Diego and never figured I would ever eat sushi east of I-5!  I moved to Goodyear last year and went to Tomo for the first time about 6 months ago.... well i'm now hopelessly addicted to their "Superman"  my boyfriend comes out from Cali about once a month and he insists that we go directly from the airport to Tomo.... The service is Great everyone there is super friendly and even on a busy Friday night you never sit with an empty glass.  This place is truely a Gem for the west valley!
4	We had a dinner there for my husband's birthday.  I had chirashi sushi, my husband had teriyaki chicken, my kids had tonkatsu and one of roll sushi.  Since I am a Japanese I have to say sushi rice need more venegar and I wanted to have kizami nori, kamaboko, denbu, shiitake,  tamagoyaki, more authentic. I like to try their lunch next time, I heard their bento lunch is very good.  I wish their miso soup has more tofu and wakame.  I can make better tonkatsu and teriyaki chicken, lol
4	More of a 3 1/2 (3 3/4) - it is probably some of the better Sushi in the valley.  The Tempura is pretty good - and for being in the west valley it makes it even better.  Good service - good food - a good place to go.
4	We come here pretty regularly and think that the sushi is pretty good.  Best in the west valley that we've had so far.  The staff is nice but not great as our drinks are not always filled but we're greeted every time we come in.  They've got a pretty good variety of sushi rolls and sashimi.  The hot foods are decent, too.  I've seen large groups there before and the ambiance is perfect for either a date or a group.
4	I am from Southern California and coming across good sushi in the west valley has been a challenge to say the least.  I read the reviews and decided to give it a whirl.  I will start with the good.  We walked in and there were probably 4 other tables...pretty light crowd.  The sushi was phenomenal.  It sounds silly, but even the rice was great.  Some of the best sushi rice I have had out here.  Now for the bad.  Like I said, light crowd.  The hostess was more attentive than our waitress.  It took 15 minutes to get our waters.  I needed one more minute to decide what I wanted...that turned into another 15 minutes.  So 30 minutes after we were seated we finally got to order.  My boyfriend got his food, finished it, and ordered dessert.  My friend and I got our sushi when his dessert came out...45 MINUTES from the time we ordered!  We got 3 rolls and an order of white tuna sushi.  We were there for over 2 hours.  The manager comped us for 2 of our rolls (it was happy hour so that only added up to about $8), but he tried to take care of us, and returned to our table several times after to assure that we were satisfied.  Next time I would prefer them telling me that they were short staffed, rather than leaving us hanging.  Because of the quality of the food, great happy hour prices and actions of the manager, I will be returning...hopefully to better service.
5	My hubby and I went here for the first time this afternoon. We were actually planning on going to Nakama, on the other side of the street, for their happy hour all day on sunday. But when we got there I couldn't remember which place I'd chosen. So we decided on Tomo, which turned out to be a very good thing. We've had trouble finding really good sushi on this side of the valley, but we've found our new favorite place now!First off, the decor is great! They have 3 TVs with sports playing and one that goes through all their special rolls and drinks. They have booths, larger tables, a sushi bar and an actual bar. There's plenty of space for larger parties, which I've found a lot of sushi places lack. The menu also had pictures of almost all their food (and there's a lot). We were very impressed. Everyone there was super nice, they all said hello when we walked in and goodbye when we left. The waitresses were very attentive, always kept our drinks refilled and gave us free miso soup!Despite having read that they had big portions sizes, we decided to get 2 chicken bowls and a roll each, since we were starving. The chicken bowls were huge, delicious and only $6! We had a Nemo roll (cali roll with white fish and salmon on top) Jeff loved it, he's super picky about his sushi and he ate all of it. I got a Golden Cali roll (deep fried cali roll with eel and eel sauce on top) I loved it as well. They were both 9 pieces, they didn't skimp on anything and were twice the size of a lot of rolls I've had in the past.They have 10% off your bill Sun.-Thurs, with the exception of happy hour which is from 3-6. We went around 2 for lunch, the bill wasn't bad at all. If you're anywhere in the area you have to try this place!
5	This is what I've been looking for! Real authentic fresh Japanese food!! Not Americanized! All the sushi mi was soooo fresh! It Absolutely melted in your mouth!! Great service in a clean comfortable environment. Terrific!
5	I've always loved this place. Came here a few years ago when they first opened up, and they offered us free soup, and ski because we have never tried it. While we were waiting for our food we had a nice conversation with the people there. They are extremely friendly and real chill people. The place is a very relaxing feel even when it is packed which as of it's gain in popularity it's always packed! Great for them because they deserve it. They have some of the best food in it's class in the west valley for a great deal you won't find no where else! Great prices for great food! Friendly staff and great environment! Go and try it out!
4	Great ambiance. Had the pork katsu with curry. Fabulous. Can't wait to go back.
2	Well I hate to disagree with the reviews on here about this place but I thought the food was sub par. I am not sure if I went on an off night but I was not impressed at all. I had monkey balls and ninja jalapenos to start and they were terribly breaded and flavorless. Next came locally named rolls that were all covered in eel sauce and were not made with quality ingredients.
4	So today bf decided to go out for dinner since I've been cooking the last 5   days (besides Saturday actually) while staying with him in Arionza..hehe he said he heard this place was good from his friend so we decided to try it. It was a kinda far drive from Glendale to Goodyear but at least it wasn't a disappointment!I wasn't super hungry so I ordered just one roll..the Beauty roll they called it. It was a spicy salmon and cucumber roll topped with salmon and avocados. it was super delicious! the salmon wasn't too spicy and it was pretty fresh, not to mention a kinda fatty salmon..which is okay because omega 3 fats are good for you...but of course in moderate amounts...hehe My bf ordered the chicken teriyaki entree. It took really long to come out and i almost thought they forgot it...just as i was about to ask for it..they waitress came out with it. It was a pretty big plate and on top of the chicken were these big fried onion rings. I really like the onion rings but he didn't really like the very thick sweet sauce that was drizzled on top of it. The chicken was very tender and juicy and flavorful...the teriyaki sauce was a bit thick I admit and a bit too sweet but it didn't really ruin the dish...it was still very good. The service was superb...well it is a Monday night and they were not busy at all...there were only 3-4 tables when we got there...but more people came in later. The waitress came around many times to ask if we needed anything which was nice but I also think that she was pretty bored. hehe Yay! We found a pretty good place for sushi rolls and Japanese entrees. =D
4	we've found our official *new* sushi spot, yay! so...we're in Tolleson now, far from our old haunts of Tempe, Mesa, Ahwatukee. I've been craving some sweet, wonderful uni for ages, and so we did some research(i.e--Yelp-search), and came across Tomo. and, thanks to all of you darling Yelpers, we weren't disappointed =^.^=the decor at Tomo was lovely; understated, with dark wood, low chairs, and the glow of red lanterns. we sat at the sushi bar, where we were attended to within a couple of minutes. upon receiving the menu, we decided upon miso soup, edamame, and the Salmon Skin Salad, to share. I ordered the uni sashimi, and he had the Monkey Balls and the Ninja roll.the miso soup was average: delicious, warming, with bits of seaweed, scallions, and tofu. the edamame was a bit of a let-down, however: it wasn't salty enough, and far less than satisfying due to the fact that they used regular table salt, rather than coarse grain/sea salt.the Salmon Skin Salad($6.95) was enormous! it consisted of a huge mound of lettuce, mixed with cucumbers and glass noodles, drizzled in a slightly-sweet mustard vinaigrette. there were tons of strips of crispy salmon skin surrounding the veggies, all coated in sweet eel sauce...smoky, savory, sweet, spectacular(although slightly greasy).the Monkey Balls(deep-fried, stuffed mushrooms) were yummy, and spicy, though they seemed a little gamey, or just...too meaty, as an aftertaste.Jamie's Ninja Roll was fantastic; a huge roll(in diameter), with the perfect blend of sweetness and spice(eel sauce, spicy mayo, Sriracha sauce), surrounding a not-too-spicy deep-fried jalapeno, stuffed with cream cheese. wow.and now for the piece de resistance: my uni sashimi! it consisted of 6 wonderfully fresh, sweet, delectable slices of sea urchin roe, simply and beautifully presented. always a delight, especially with just a touch of soy sauce to accentuate the inherent dolce tones of the uni itself.to conclude: the service was attentive, but not overbearing. the ambiance was chill, with a blend of smooth jazz and dance playing in the background, and the food was fantastic; a great mix of tradition and innovation.we'll definitely be returning to Tomo :)
5	Really nice restaurant.  The place has a good feel and the sushi is fresh and good.  The service is fast and friendly.  Recommended for any one who love sushi.
3	so, after a lovely walk at Robbin's Butte Wildlife Area, we hit up Tomo for our Valentine's Day supper.unfortunately, the service was sub-par, to put it nicely. when we arrived, we were seated promptly; however, when the waitress came by for our orders(about 10 minutes later), we told her we'd need another minute. well...10-15 minutes ticked by, as we watched several more tables seated, and a couple of orders taken.finally, a different waitress came by and took our orders. Jamie had the fried cream cheese jalapenos, and the Spicy Crunch roll, while I ordered the edamame(to share), the Hibachi Seaweed Salad, and the white tuna carpaccio.Jamie's orders came within a reasonable amount of time, as did the edamame. I had to wait considerably longer for the salad(a big disappointment; a lump of greasy seaweed on top of a huge pile of oily lettuce), and my carpaccio came out 20 minutes or so after Jamie had finished his second course. completely unacceptable. Jamie also had to stop the waitress to ask for his soda to be refilled, after she walked past his empty glass several times.the one bright point? my carpaccio was fresh and delightful. I ordered it with the sauce on the side, which was definitely a good idea, as it was pure sesame and chili oils, and the spice and oil would have swamped the delicate flavor of the fish itself.we'll return, but only in the middle of a non-holiday weekday, hoping for much better service than we received this past Monday.
4	This place is great. I have been been twice in the the past two weeks for happy hour so I'm not sure why it shows as closed here on yelp. They have some decent drink specials and the asian wings beat Buffalo WW's asian zing hands down! As far as the happy hour menu goes, there is a good selection of sushi rolls to choose from.  The service was somewhat lacking on both visits, but this place is close and delish so I will likely return.
5	We are big fans of Tomo for the sushi bar!  We've never experienced anything else, there so I can't comment on that table service.  They have some of the best sushi in the West Valley.  They also have a great happy hour with a good selection and good prices.  Very friendly service.
4	This place is tucked behind the busy streets of Dysart and McDowell.The environment is slightly dark but very comfortable, ambient music is very soothing and if you are a sports fan they offer a few HDTV at the main dining area as well as some more at the bar. The sushi price is a tad high if you order exotic items, which is why i only come during happy hours:Their happy hour is awesome, an array of appetizers/drinks/rolls for 50% of the regular menu price. I highly recommend Crazy roll, i normally get some spicy tuna roll with itThe servers are always helpful and nice, it's a great place to have sushi!
3	Sushi is pretty decent and not horribly overpriced. We have only done take out and both times we have allowed more than the quoted time for it to be ready but still had to wait at least 20 minutes for our food to be ready when there was no one in the restaurant.
1	While the service at Tomo is normally horribly slow, the food is usually pretty good. However, the service degrades from horribly slow to downright miserable if you're using a Restaurants.com coupon.On Saturday (the day before we went to Tomo to redeem the Restaurants.com coupon), we had lunch but did not use the coupon because it wasn't accepted on Friday or Saturday. We returned on Sunday to use the Restaurants.com coupon and ordered the exact same meals - there were literally no deviations from what we'd ordered just the day prior. This time (Sunday) we shared with the hostess before being seated that we were back and this time had a coupon to redeem. She said that was no problem. In the middle of our meal (and while we were eating), she asked for the coupon so she could "validate" it. When we received the check we discovered that they had added charges including: - $1.00 for a lemon wedge - $1.00 for sesame seeds - $1.00 for Ponzu sauce - $2.00 for soy paper instead of seaweed - $2.00 for Miso soup that's included with the meal - $2.00 for small house salad that's also supposed to be included in the meal - and moreWhen we questioned the bill with someone who claimed to be the owner, he said he charged us for those items because we used the coupon and that he loses money on the Restaurants.com coupon program. We firmly told him that you can't change your prices and charge for items that are normally free without telling the customer and just putting it on the bill. He said he can do whatever he wants and that Restaurants.com says he can charge for everything and anything.This is utterly ridiculous and completely unacceptable. I can guarantee that my family and I, as well as our friends and everyone I come in contact with, will never frequent Tomo in the future. And, if that's an example of the type of business Restaurants.com does business with and/or practices you permit, then we will never again do business with Restaurants.com, either.
5	Owner Brian is super cool and friendly. This is my favorite spot on Az.  I like their interior and atmosphere and was pleasantly surprised with the quality of fish here in Goodyear.  I will be back!
4	Very good sushi at a decent price.  Our server was very lousy and we had to keep telling her things that she forgot.  The owner was there and picking up her slack and was super cool to us.  I would definitely go back I just hope we have a different server:)  Saki Bombs!!!
3	I'm begrudgingly giving Tomo 3 stars because their food is quite good.  We went for my birthday on April 26, which is a Tuesday night, at about 5:45, and there weren't very many people there.  I'd lucked out and got a Restaurant.com gift card for $25, and told them ahead of time.  We ordered 2 appetizers (gyoza and a spicy yellowtail roll), 2 rolls (spicy ninja, and oyshi), and a chirashi.  The appetizers didn't come out at the same time, they came out about 10 minutes apart.  We thought that was weird, but rolled with it.  Our entrees came out at different times as well, which was quite annoying.  I hate sitting and watching people eat while I twiddle my thumbs, which is what I ended up doing at my birthday dinner.  We had to remind the waitress about the chirashi, and that took a really long time to get out, we joked the chef couldn't make up his mind.  My husband and I were talking about how insane the wait times were and a staff member was standing nearby (totally unintentional, not passive aggressive) and said they got slammed at 5:30.  Ok, that's great, we got here after you got slammed and it's now 6:30.  It's UNACCEPTABLE for someone to order their rolls and get them after people ordering hot food like teriyaki.  Hire another sushi chef for crying out loud!  An hour should have been PLENTY of time to recover from getting "slammed".  All-in-all it took 2 hours for a dinner that should have only taken 1 hour.  They also didn't really apologize, nothing was taken off the bill, no percentage off, so it was basically a "sucks to be you" thumbing of the nose at us.For the food:The gyoza was delicious.  The filling was tasty, but there wasn't enough vinegar in the dipping sauce.  Too much shoyu.The spicy yellowtail roll was very tasty and I would recommend it.  It wasn't very spicy, but it was spicier than the spicy ninja roll!The spicy ninja roll was hyped up more than it delivered.  It wasn't bad, but it was too big to eat properly.  You really can't take a piece in your mouth all at once without looking like a pig.  Ladies, don't order this if you're out on a date with a guy unless you want them thinking naughty thoughts.  The fried jalapeno was seeded and deveined, so none of the spiciness remained.  Disappointing.The oyshi was delicious.  There was no rice in it, making it a great choice for low carb sushi lovers.  It wasn't particularly filling though.The chirashi was good.  The cuts of fish were excellent, and the pickled vegetables were a nice addition.  I really hate tamago (too sweet!), so to see it in the bowl was disappointing.  You pay so much for something, don't give me sweetened scrambled eggs as one of the choices!We would probably get take-out from them but wouldn't dine-in again.  The wait times are ridiculous.  I understand that they're hiring new people (saw their ad on Craigslist), but you really need to work on this Tomo!
5	Amazing sushi. Fast, clean, fresh. Friendly staff. Favorites are Arizona, Beauty, Alaska, and Spicy Ninja, although everything here is some of the best around hands down!
5	Unbelievable hidden gem of a sushi bar tucked in a strip mall at the SW corner of Dysart and McDowell.  We absolutely love this place and think it is quite possibly one of the best sushi options in the entire Valley.We've introduced several friends to it, and all of them are shocked that a restaurant this good is in the West Valley.Their sashimi is always top notch, their drink specials great, and their selection of rolls are too many to mention.  We especially love the ninja jalapeno appetizer and the Double Double and Cactus rolls.
5	Hurray for Tomo!!!  I'm so glad that we found this place, as I live out west and was getting really sick of driving out to Scottsdale for decent sushi.  I absolutely love the ambiance of the place (on the inside, the outside is a nondescript strip mall, go figure), and the service is almost always top notch.  We've become regulars at the place, and our favorite waitress remembers our basic order, including that I can't have avocado in one of the rolls I order.  That, my friends, is a sign of a great server.We usually go during Happy Hour, which is incredible.  The rolls are very nicely priced during this time (3-6pm every day), and any other time of the day they are priced how you would expect a sushi place to price their rolls.  I love their spicy tuna tartare, and I would also recommend their crazy roll.  If you go during non-happy hour, try the unagi.  It's great too (and decently priced).  Also, it's important to note that the size of the rolls is awesome - no skimping, and the perfect ratio of fish to rice.If you're looking for a great sushi joint in the west valley, head on over to Tomo!!
4	I travel for work around the country and this is a great cheaper sushi place. They have a Ton of choices which typically means it is not good and specialized. However this place does well on all the rolls. The Jackpot is a great roll and ditto for the ninja.  Also service is great
5	Great sevice!!! Nice setting, and affordable. Definately will be back
4	Great food and Great prices!!!  My family of 4 eats for about 20 bucks!!  We are regulars!!!
5	I eat sushi all over the world. This place is awesome and the staff is great as well. You want great sushi give it a shot and you won't regret it and the Martini Bar is as good as it gets.. Well done!
4	After 7 years in Oinawa this is the best Sushi that I have had in two years in the states.  The best part...BESIDES the food...was the service.  I have tried just about every type of sushi they offer and even some that the chef experimented with!  Although it is not Sushi from Okinawa, it is a DAMN good runner up!
4	Four of us went for lunch today. I work in Goodyear but had not been in there for lunch but have been wanting to try it. My friend was off work and nearby so she called me and asked us to meet her for lunch here. We had the Arizona Rolls, Bento Box D, Chicken Teriyaki Bowl, Beef Yakitori and Pork Cutlet.All were very good, everyone really liked what the got. The Bento Box is huge and could be split if you also got an appetizer or soup! The chicken teriyaki was really large as well, if you could double the chicken, you could split this as well. I think we will do that next time by ordering something small with it. Pork cutlet was also a very large portion with two hand sized flattened cutlets and several sides. It was on a platter, not a plate it was so big. Again, everyone liked it and for lunch, I liked the variety and price. In Goodyear can be hard to get a decent lunch that is not chain food. Food looked fresh and made to order, a nice touch in teh prefab world of food these days...
3	The ambiance here is nice, somewhat chic like, but they also have a large screen tv by the sushi bar for some MNF action. For a sushi joint in the middle of the desert, they had a lot to offer on their menu.But my first two questions alone confirmed the fact that having a sushi joint in the middle of the desert may have some issues.Hows the toro? Sorry we dont serve toro during the summer time.Ok, how about the halibut? No halibut here, only during winter.So that's a great start there. And yes both items were on the menu; that's why I asked how they were. Oh well.Anyways, I ordered some tuna nigiri http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/v4qyBRpTBvOO55M4IAqNNg?select=CTl0wonkUIRRANoVogG2BQ, salmon nigiri http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/v4qyBRpTBvOO55M4IAqNNg?select=BvZ7OBpRxsxtH0bF7KE1ug, albacore and yellowtail http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/v4qyBRpTBvOO55M4IAqNNg?select=grNHXCPTzT-ZLcDw75TgwA. They obviously used the best pieces here, nice, vibrant colors and fresh. The rice was a bit off though.I also ordered their spicy salmon roll. Very hot, they pretty much drowned the fish in siracha sauce. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/v4qyBRpTBvOO55M4IAqNNg?select=HlM6L-jLtZEclnVUc_h2pgFor dessert I ordered a banana tempura with jack Daniels sauce, with ice cream chocolate and whipped cream. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/v4qyBRpTBvOO55M4IAqNNg?select=yZnUTrSRlcDT3SdD2Hb3zg Not bad, nice and sweet.The service here was neutral. I was the only person at the bar, and maybe like 10 other people in the dining area so it was pretty desolate as it is, but it took some time to get some decent service here. And if you're looking for the best (ie toro, halibut) they may not be there. But then again, this place is in the middle of the desert.
5	Great sushi my favorite sushi especially the spicy ninja roll!! So yum love there sushi. The owner is super nice I usually get sushi to go and he always ask how I am thats nice.Keep up the good work tomo :)
4	We eat here about once a month and always order from the Happy Hour menu which has great prices on food and drinks. We can get a family of 4 fed on less than $40 (tip included) and everyone leaves full. Good Rolls and appetizers and definitely the best sushi we have found in the area.
5	Just tried Tomo for the first time this weekend, and i LOVED it. I would not have expected such a cute little place in the little strip mall location but it was awesome. Way better than Nakama, which is in the same area. Amanda was my server and she was very sweet and attentive. Let me tell you it can be hard to find good service anymore, but she was great! I don't normally eat sushi a lot but I really liked it here. They have a happy hour everyday I think and the specials are really good. I had one of the specialty martinis and it was nice and strong! Also the bartender made me a black cherry mojito which was delicious. I recommend this to everyone looking for good sushi in the area and will definitely be back again!
4	We love this place! We're there just about every Friday night...it's close to our home and the sushi is yummy....always fresh and they are accomodating of all my "special orders" (I'll admit I'm somewhat of a high maintenance order-er).  If you're out in the West Valley, give Tomo a chance. It's the best sushi we've found...enjoy!
5	Excellent food and service! Had 2 special rolls that were awesome. Great happy hour specials too from 5-7 pm.
5	Absolutely love this place! I love the prices and think it's pretty decent for sushi and appetizers. They also have a nice happy hour they do during the week. The staff is usually courteous and prompt with the food. The atmosphere is perfect for a date or even just a nice night out with frineds.
4	Nice little Japanese restaurant. Has a good selection of sushi, sashimi, noodle dishes and drinks (full bar!).  It is not top notch sushi, but fair quality and very tasty. Dinner for four with a drink ran me about $60.  Not too shabby.
5	This is a great place for your sushi fix and the restaurant is very nice inside. Food is always fresh and the staff is very friendly. Try them out if you haven't!
5	We went late on a weeknight after having a pretty bad day, so I would like to go back another time to fully enjoy the experience. While sushi certainly didn't fix anything, it did make the day a little better to digest. We weren't overly hungry, so we didn't order too much... but their alcoholic drinks were very delicious! They have some neat mixed drinks to try out, so I want to go back and try some more of them out too! I forget what I had, but it was very tasty and very strong, although I didn't notice how strong it was while I was drinking it! :) The sushi itself was also good, and the miso soup was tasty. It wasn't very busy, but then again it was late on a weeknight. Not sure how busy it gets, but it was a nice relaxed atmosphere when we went. Everyone was very nice, and I feel bad because I was not in the best of moods. They were still super nice to me, though! We will be going back ASAP, for sure... and we will bring friends and family, too!
5	I have been relying on a buffet to satisfy my hunger for Sushi.  My family decided to try this place the other night and I went back for more the next day.  The restaurant felt very clean and the staff was very helpful.  Family of four spend $50 on lunch which was a bit more than we typically spend but we will definitely be back here.
4	Really good sushi, super fast and attentive service. Awesome tuna rolls, very creative menu that includes pictures of every roll. Highly recommend to any sushi fan!
2	Took a star off for pricing, the decor is nice  but it seems that in order to confiscate for the high priced interior design they had to up the sushi prices.Let's start with the calamari. It's a little more chewy and it's battered in tempura batter and served with a dipping sauce, which consisted of soy sauce and vinegar. Overall very good.The roll itself in the bento box consisted of deep fried shrimp and imitation crab meat then covered in tempura batter bits. Overall good.The short ribs in the bento box started off good, but where there weren't bones it was super dry and chewy. The box also came with what looked and tasted like a round slice of potato, which was deep fried. Kind of mushy, this I didn't like. Maybe just a filler?The tempura part of the bento box only came with one shrimp then a couple carrots and one broccoli and some sweet potato slices. The carrot was a bit undercooked along with the sweet potato.The side salad on both the bento and the Katsu curry chicken was a vinigary light dressing with wasabi mixed into it. I didn't like this , because I don't like the taste of wasabi. Lol they should have at least a house dressing then a special dressing.The Katsu curry was a bit dry and overcooked. Overall I wish they'd give you a side of rice with the bento,maybe since most customers aren't Asian?Doesn't make sense. All I know is this isn't truly authentic Japanese food. Coming from Korean descent and having a Japanese step dad. The special rolls is what will take the most $. Prices ranging $10.95 and up. For just a few pieces of sushi, basically one roll. They just look fancy but all they consist of are the fake salmon egg, maybe spicy mayo sauce and green onions to jazz It up. Took one star off for pricing and not so good quality.
2	Teriyaki chicken sux Spicy ramen = instant noodles standardMy friends like to come here and I seriously dunno y....
3	Service sucks, but the sushi are good~!I do not think the owners know what is great customer service. be prepared to wait a while!  If they know that people are waiting over an hour for food due to their understaffing, have the decency to communicate with the customers so they can either leave or understand the situation. waited about 2 hours for cold monkey balls.
4	We had great sushi here! Although the table presentation wasn't quite as elegant as some other shops, the selection was extensive and the sushi delicious. The place has a classy feel--love the bar--and it's a nice departure from some other restaurants in the West Valley. Try the O-Mojoto, the baby lobster and of course the Tomo Special.  We will definitely be back!
3	One of our favorite places that we go to enjoy Happy Hour on a regular basis, sometimes 2-3 times a month, almost always on Sundays. We made our regular trek to Tomo yesterday for their "daily happy hour" and arrived at 4:30pm only to find there was no happy hour due to it being Mothers Day.I'm ok with them not offering happy hour on mothers day since it is their business and they can do what they want, however, I was not happy with the experience we had and paid full price for. Surprisingly it was not very busy which is even more of reason we question the slow and poor service.First, we placed our order and every item arrived one at a time from the kitchen. About the time one person would finish their item the next persons item would arrive (there were four of us) so we all ate our meals one after another. Two of the items, which we paid full price for, were not the same size that we normally get from the happy hour menu at a discounted price. The Shrimp Tempura only had 5 shrimp which normally has 6 and the Mixed Tempura only had 1 shrimp and normally has 2.Even worse, we completed all of our kitchen food and then sat waiting on our three rolls (that we ordered the same time as the rest of the meal) which came after the meal was over. When the three rolls arrived the waitress pointed out that they were not the rolls we ordered but she would give them to us at a discounted price. Since we came to Tomo for Sushi we wanted to eat some sushi but didn't want to wait any longer for the correct rolls so we agreed.Overall a disappointing experience at one of our favorite places.
1	Went in there tonight to grab some sushi and seaweed salad. I've been to Tomo before but it had been years and now I know why I stayed away. The seaweed salad was a tiny bit of seaweed on top of a pile of lettuce. I've never had it served this way at any other restaurant. Usually when you get seaweed salad, it's pretty much all seaweed. The calamari was so heavy with batter that you couldn't taste the squid at all. It was like eating a tempura hushpuppy with a little squid in the middle. After the appetizers, we waited a very long time before our server came back to actually take our order. By the time she returned, we debated just leaving but we put in an order for a caterpillar roll anyway. It was also pretty bland and so heavy with panko or whatever they fried it in, that it was pretty much tasteless. I'm used to waiting when going to a restaurant on a Friday night since every place is packed but our server literally hit up all of her tables repeatedly except ours. She would circumnavigate the restaurant almost like she was avoiding passing by our table. It must have been noticed since several others servers came by to check on us and we even had to request our bill from one of them. I love eating out and I'm a pretty heavy tipper because my mom was a waitress for most of her life but this kind of service was just ridiculous. I will not be going back here.
4	The food keeps me coming back.  Great sushi menu.  Always fresh and appealing.The exceptional food overrides the mediocre wait staff.  They are always friendly polite, and the food service is timely.   But, the wait staff definitely lacks the expected service skills, like clearing your table between courses, making sure you have everying you need, and checking on back from time to time to see if you need anything else.  Chances are they would sell more alcohol, appetizers and desserts if they put forth a little effort.  The first time I ate here I thought it was an isolated incident, but have since found it's the norm.  Quality service is one of the key things that makes me decide where to eat, but I have to say that the food at Tomo's is worth the service shortfalls.
1	Wow. Worst food poisoning of my life. Ate here Saturday night for my birthday. Started to just not feel right about 20 minutes afterward. Sunday I never left the bed except to go be sick. I lost a full FIVE pounds in one day. Stay away from the salmon. I for one will never go back. I'm really sad too because I decided on it from the reviews. Another reviewer said they were disappointed in the recent quality. I should have listened!!
4	Best sushi in the area.  Fish is fresh and food/drinks are cheap.  Place is kind of small so come early to avoid the rush.
3	The Las Vegas roll was really good, not the best but good. The soft shelled crab was burnt. Very disappointed. The waiters were really nice and gave us excellent service. Ok just for a taste if sushi, but not the best sushi place around!
5	This place is one of the best places I have ever eaten at. The prices are really good and they have a good happy hour for drinks and appetizers. I think this place is much better quality food then most sushi places and its a lot cheaper. The atmosphere is also very pleasant. The service is outstanding and always friendly. The sushi is the best here. They have a large menu, all very tasty and well worth the visit. I love sushi, and this place is by far the best.. If you are looking for a good time with some great food this is your place.
4	Food is delicious.  Service not great at all. Sushi came quickly & was awesome.  Kitchen food (steak teriyaki bowl) took Half an Hour!  The waitress came over after 25 min & said "the r taking 20% off my entree.  Gee thanks, a whole $1.39Maybe comp the patrins meal who waits half hr for bowl of rice & steak
5	I personally don't eat sushi, but their Teriyaki Chicken dinner is really good.  They have  pretty cheap beer, it's a pretty nice place (at least inside), and service has usually been pretty decent.
5	I'm from the bay & visiting family when I had a japenese food craving. The atmosphere was great, the prices excellent & the food superb. The monkey balls & udon were delicious. Service was prompt. I will definitely eat here when I visit again!
4	Have went back a couple times since our visit with poor service and have enjoyed it just as much as previous visits. Back at the top of our "go to" places list. Love the Happy Hour!
4	:)
4	Wow! I was there yesterday with my friend and we thought it was really delicious. The service was very nice and fast. We got our sushi like 5 min after ordering. Plus the vibe of the place was very hip. All in all it was a really good experience and I will definately be going back!
4	Food was pretty good.  Miso soup was awesome, but service lacked a bit. Will still go back for more!
2	My Sisters and I went here tonight just to have dinner and talk. when we arrived it was pretty busy and we were seated fairly quickly, so kudos to them for that. The host seated us in the corner and pretty much forgot about us. We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order. We didn't even have water. Mind you, by this time it had died down and wasn't that busy. We were contemplating on just walking out but we were all hungry. so I got up and walked over to one of the waiters and asked him to come take our order. I sat back down, waited a little longer and finally he came a took our order ( Let's call him waiter #1). We ordered a Vegas roll, a Crunch roll, and a Chicken plate WITH RICE. After we placed our order, 5 minutes later walks up the Host and he asks if we've been helped. Uh, where were you like 20 minutes ago? We waited about 10-15 minutes for the chicken plate to get to our table and different waiter brings it to us (waiter #2). No rice... before we could even ask about the rice the waiter was gone. so about 10 minutes after that, our sushi plates get to the table, but a different waiter brings it to us (waiter #3).and my Vegas roll was not even hot or warm. It was like when you stick your food in the microwave for 10 seconds, it heats up a little bit but it's not quite there. yeah.. disappointing. We then ask this waiter to bring us the rice. After he brings us the rice, he leaves and no other waiter asks us anything from that time to the time we finished our food. Finally waiter #1 comes back and asks us if we wanted refills. After all that, we were finished and ready to pay, It took us so long just to get someone to give us our check, but they were so quick to get their money. We didn't even have time to properly put the money into the book before Waiter #3 comes up to us asking if we needed change and we Finally leave. I don't think I'll be going back there. It was more or less an hour from the time we sat down to the time we got our food. AN HOUR... seriously? We felt like they catered to all the other customers and they just walked right by us. After reading some of the reviews, I'm not the only one who has experienced bad service with this place. To me, the Experience of the restaurant is 50/50. 50% Quality and taste of food, 40% Service and 10% atmosphere. If there's shitty service you're not going to enjoy your food, no matter how nice it looks. I gave them 2 stars because the food was pretty good and it restaurant looks nice.Overall-FOOD: 3/5Tasty. Though my Vegas roll wasn't too hot, or warm for that matter.SERVICE: 0/5Hated it, Deal breakerATMOSPHERE: 3/5Nice, dim and calm.
5	I have been to many sushi places in Arizona. I just moved to Avondale and was worried there wouldn't be any good sushi restaurants, but I had nothing to worry about! This place is absolutely delicious. They have unique sushi rolls that melt in your mouth. The miso soup is free with the meal (always a plus) and it is flavorful. Their drinks are extremely affordable (for me it's very important to have sake bombs with my sushi). The prices for sushi are pretty typical, but everything else on the menu seemed really inexpensive. Delicious AND wonderful service. I will be back.
5	Fantastic food!  Great happy hour specials!  Clueless waitresses but awesome chefs!
5	Still our favorite Japanese/Sushi place in the West Valley. We enjoy Happy Hour here several times a month and we love it. My only complaint is that I wish they have fresh brewed iced tea and not instant.
4	I love this spot for the food and atmosphere.  I take my family here often for their happy hour menu.  If your looking for fabulous service you may or may not get it.  In my opinion, the food and prices are worth the wait.  But the food and friendliness of the staff is worth your time.
5	Great place. White tuna is amazing! Brian is amazing with his client.. you can't beat the food and the customers service here.   My family and i are regular at the this restaurant.  Great food, great people and beautiful decorated.. 5 stars all day long!!!!!
5	I haven't wrote a review for Tomo though I've been going there a few times over the years, it has always been a personal favorite that's close by for me and I've always been treated good here. I want to say I've tried almost all of the rolls already and they are all pretty good and have been consistent and delicious! I've taken my family to try this place out and they all enjoyed this place a lot more than others around this area. Keep up the good work Tomo!
5	Great tasting food, good portions, surprisingly cheap price for what we got! They are very friendly servers and the atmosphere is very good and relaxing. I went during lunch right after school and it was very satisfying of sushi food. I have never had any issues with this place and never plan to. Keep going strong Tomo!
3	Been here a couple times on weekend evenings and it is pretty busy. The service is a bit slow, but not horrible. The food is good, not amazing, but I should note that I'm not the biggest seafood person.Pros:$5 sake bombers all daysit at the bar get free miso soup
4	I've been here a couple tomes for the happy hour which is really reasonable.  Without the Happy Hour prices, I probably wouldn't go unless it was a special occasion.  Mainly just get the calamari, California rolls, and sesame chicken when we go, but it's all very good and fresh tasting.  Service is pretty good as well.  You might be waiting for a couple minutes on a drink refill, but it's nothing worth complaining about.
2	Had yami yami roll and hawaii roll. (23.00)Sushi was pretty good. Restaurant is nice.Thay gave me a dirty plate and napkin when I sat down.The wasabi was really watery and grainy. As I saw in other reviews, the service was SLOW. restaurant was maybe half full for lunch.No real reason to come back again, better pptions are out there.
4	I found this place by accident its in a strip mall with AT&T and some time to wait for my phone so went over to eat lunch! I had the Chicken Teryiaki Bowl which was a very large portion and very tasty. The atmosphere is very pleasant and a little on the darker side but we enjoyed it! They have a large selection of cocktails as well.The service was very good and will go back to try the sushi next time.
5	Goood sushi and good service everytime i go !!!
4	This is my go to spot for a romantic sushi dinner! The atmosphere & ambiance of this place is great, the decor is beautiful. The sushi is fresh & delicious, I am only giving 4 stars though because the service is slow,
4	EDM + Japanese Curry = Genius  IDK it's the spicy curry that got me sweatin' or the molly!
4	Tomo was one of the first sushi places out here in the West Valley...way before it was cool to go eat sushi :P They have had consistently good food and decent service throughout the years. Happy Hour prices are good too! Tomo is a solid place to go if you're in the mood for sushi!
4	I was trying to get here before happy hour ended, I made it with 20 mins to spare!  WHOOO!  I ordered chicken yakatori!  YUM!  SO SO SO good.  Flavorful and not too sweet.  Awesome way to kick off the meal.  L was already there and got rolls and chicken wings.  I did not have any rolls but I had an Asian chicken wing.  YUM!  I ordered a Curry Katsu Pork.  Hello curry GODs.  Perfection!!!  The taste of the curry was outstanding!  Why the 4 stars?  Service was slow and lacking.
3	While we love the food at Tomo and eat there a lot, almost every time we have a service issue. I normally let it go and just enjoy the meal and move on. Tonight I blew a gasket right there in the restaurant.We arrived at 4:40pm to a full restaurant, there were three of us and she said there were no tables available and asked if we wanted to sit at the sushi bar. We agreed and sat down and the girl says "I'll get your menus" and disappears. There we sit, no menus, no drinks, nothing for 15 minutes while we watch the same girl sit people at tables that came after us, get them menus and take their drink orders. We continue to sit waiting for a menu, someone to take drink orders, etc. The same gal comes up to the front to help a party of six that arrived and I'm sitting right next to her and trying to flag her down saying "excuse me" and she ignores me and walks away to get the table setup for this party of six. I finally got upset and walked over to the back counter where she was getting menus for the party of six and told her we were still waiting for menus and to be helped. She knew I was upset and didn't say a word and turned around and got happy hour menus and brought them to us at the sushi bar.Thinking she was going to take our drink order she handed us only the happy hour menu and walked away and started assisting the party of six that came after us. There was a party of two that came after us that was seated after us that already had their drinks and had placed their food order. Now at 5:05 I had just told my wife to get her things together we were leaving and started to stand up and a young kid came over and asked what we wanted to drink. I told him we were leaving and he made some excuse about the girl that seated us, seated two other parties and took their orders was just a "buser". I told him I watched her take two orders of parties that came after us and we had now been there 20 minutes and still had not had our drink order taken.Not an apology or anything from him, he just turned around and walked away and so did we.I don't know why this place has a roving server policy where there isn't a waitress in charge of a certain section. They just all roam around helping whoever they want and people often times get overlooked. It has happened to us many times and I've seen other customers trying to flag someone down and asking "who's my waitress?". The service doesn't match the quality of their food.
5	I went here Friday night August 23, 2013. I walked in, was greeted with great service, and led to the take out area. I knew it would be crowded (which it was) so I ordered before I got there. It was night time and that's usually when there's a lot of people. When I got there, I had to wait an extra five minutes, but I didn't mind because it was a busy night. I bought a Rock N Roll and it was delicious. I was disappointed to see that it wasn't that much as to what I expected. It was a really small portion. Maybe it was because I ordered for take out and they wanted it to fit in the box, but that really bummed me out. I paid $12. I guess I did get my money's worth because it was so good, but I would really love more Sushi pieces next time. There was only six. Shoot, I have a large appetite. Tomo needs to step their game up. I'm going to come back here and stay to eat one day. I really love this place and everyone should try it if they have not already. Best sushi in Goodyear!
4	I've found that some sushi places are pretty good. But Tomo's is a mark above the rest. First off is the look and feel of an establishment when you walk in. Which is exactly what you receive when you walk right through the front door. There are of course many ways to enjoy sushi, but I have found that at the sushi bar itself. Where you actually get to see the art that they out into their creations is the best seat of the house. There are of course multiple selections that one may order. And whatever you do receive. I must add that it's never skimpy. Unlike most places where they cut thin. Tomo's provide a nice thick slice. Perfectly balanced and ensured that you actually are able to taste their fresh fish creation and not just the sauce that is drizzled upon them. Of course the staff must be mentioned as well. They don't push, and they are quite patient. I'm not one if the quickest people when it comes to ordering so its very genuine when you don't hear or see the wait staff looking away as they wait for u place their order. One if the most humblest of trademarks. In conclusion, it is a very nice modest establishment. Why not 5 stars you ask. While the fish, rice and sauces are great and wonderful together. It is what we eat most of that has a little lack, the rice. Dry, no sweetness. No flavor as u would expect to receive, even in preparation and cooking. Rice itself has some balance. The tempura on the spider roll I had was not the crunchy kind you'd expect. It felt a little soggy. And so I would suggest for those that would like to enjoy a nice thick serving of tempura to fly, drive and stop by. Only with more tastes and people can they truly improve upon perfection.
5	Went and enjoyed Tomo again after our last visit with poor service. This time it was back to outstanding and we really enjoyed our meal. The portions were a little larger (mixed tempura) this time which we were happy to see and I hope this continues.Still one of our favorite places.
3	This place is honestly a hit and miss for me.  One time I go and I find myself overeating all of the goodness.  Then the next time I go it's as if they've never rolled a sushi roll in their lives!When it's on...it's on! I enjoy the different rolls they have to offer.  Service is one thing that they could improve upon.  Some of these kids need a lesson in communication skills.  Eye contact.  Smiles. Acknowledgement.  These things get you a tip.  They also bring people back.
5	Yum!!!!! This place is great we have been about 5 times so far and each time it is perfect! Service was great and food is fresh and fabulous!
4	Our favorite sushi spot. Definitely the best in the west valley. Their happy hour is 3:00-6:00 daily and has some great deals on it. Service can be a little slow in Fri and Sat nights but the sushi is delicious.
4	Tomo has great ambience and great food, however my only complaint which seems to be a problem every time I visit is their service is horrible! One time we waited for  15 minutes after being seated for our drink order. A few days ago our waitress was very nice, however she completely forgot half of our order. And when reminded she still didn't come back with everything, so we told her again. I understand things get hectic, but this seems to be a reoccurring problem, even when they are completely dead.. But again, great food, which is why we keep coming back..
5	I was first met by a warm welcome greeting both times I visited.  This is a sort of place that leaves you utterly satisfied and happy after done eating.  This restaurant is very suitable for any kinds of occasions to include family outings and dates.  A small bar on the side definitely kicks it up a notch for some of the folks who need a litte extra.  It is definitely hard to find a place like this in the area.  I highly recommend it.
5	My husband and I loved going to this restaurant while we were living in Glendale, AZ.  We have moved out of state, and now really miss this restaurant.  The service is very friendly and their sushi is amazing!  We have not had a bad roll there.  :)In my opinion, best sushi restaurant in the area!
5	This is the real deal, authentic Japanese here! The sushi master is amazing. Expect smaller portions though the quality is the best! For raw fish eaters, this is the stop!
2	There's always something that has been disappointing at Tomo. Our last experience our waitress forgot our food, but we looked past it because of how yummy it is. Our visit tonight was a mirror image of last time. She forgot our rice again, and brought the check at the end of our meal. The check included the rice and I told her we never received it. Instead of asking if we still wanted it, she just apologized and just took the receipt back to take the rice off. I'm sorry tomo, but we are breaking up.
4	It was our first visit & we found the Bento Box lunches to be plentiful & delicious.  we had to take some leftovers home which tasted just as good when reheated & served.  The California rolls were also just as good the next day.  The only negatives we experienced are:  1.  Our Miso soup arrived after the Bento boxes were served.  It would have been nice to have that served immediately after our order was placed;  2.  Since there were several of us at the table, we asked for a second small dish of ginger & wasabe, but, the server gave us a bad time & told us that it's one serving per table.  After an exchange of words & our offer to purchase another small dish of the condiments, she reluctantly brought us another serving;  3.  The hot green tee was not complimentary as it is in most Asian food restaurants;  4.  When my husband asked for a second small serving of dipping sauce for his tempura, once again, our server acted perturbed & returned with a different dipping sauce that was cold & vinegary-tasting.  the restrooms appeared clean & nice.  All-in-all,  the food was good tasting, nicely presented, very reasonably priced, with the exception of the hot green tea which should have been complimentary.  we will definitely return & recommend it.  however, we will ask for a different server who really put a damper on our overall enjoyment of our dining.  If her name is on the receipt, I will post it in another review so others may avoid her.
3	Although the sushi and the sashimi here is good. I really like the ramen soups here. The miso ramen noodle soup and tonkatsu ramen noodle soup are really good.  It makes me yearn for a ramen soup restaurant.  If you've never had real Japanese ramen soup this is a treat, I'm not taking about the flavor packages of ramen noodles you can buy at any store for like 10 cents, this is the real thing. The ramen soups are priced nicely, but the rolls and other sushi seems over priced to me. Compared to other Japanese restaurants in the west valley, it's up toward the top, but it's also priced at the top.
4	I really wanted this place to be awesome but it was just ok. Maybe it was what we ordered but I didn't think the sushi was better here than some of the other places we tried just more expensive. Don't get me wrong it wasn't bad just not worth the higher $. The service was really good and I liked the environment so that is a place compared to some of the other restaurants in town. I would be willing to go back and try this place again for happy hour or for a date night.
1	The prices are good and the food is fine, if you can get service in this place.  The last few times I went, it took my kids and me almost 2 hours to order, eat and pay.  And trust me, this was not on our end.  We couldn't even flag down our servers because they disappear in the back.  We only went back because we didn't know of any other sushi places in the area.  Well, we do now and will never return to this place again.
3	Love the food here!! Love the atmosphere! BUT The service is atrocious and incompetent at best! Would have given this place 5 stars if the service was better...or at least decent.
5	Tomo is the best sushi restaurant on the west side hands down!  Great atmosphere, great sushi, and great food!
3	I tried this place because my younger sister told me it was great, so both times I went with her. It's okay. The first time I went I order one of the bento lunch specials which had tempura, sashimi, a deep fried roll and miso soup. The tempura was great, the miso was luke warm, the deep fried roll was a deep fried roll nothing out of the ordinary,  and the sashimi just didn't hit it for me it didn't taste "fresh" the flavor in the fish was lacking. Our server at the time seemed highly un-enthused. At the time the restaurant was quite empty as well. I thought, hey maybe next time it will be better. Wrong. My second time back with my sister was for dinner, it was not that crowded. We were seated at the bar quite promptly, but then ignored for a very long time even though servers threw us glances quite frequently. When we finally got to ordering, our food came quite fast which was nice considering the wait. I ordered a dragon roll which tasted okay, the rice seemed a little soggy and my sister order a sushi/sashimi combo. She got a good amount of food, I didn't try any of her food so I can't vouch for anything. Now going back to the service. That night it was terrible! We did not get one server twice that evening and we had to wait 20 minutes just be able to ask for our check even though our plates were cleared and glasses were empty. I believe those are good indicators that  a server should check up on us. The best service I have had there was from the sushi chefs who helped us get the attention of the servers. Thank heavens for them.I, personally, am not a fan. The sushi is okay, nothing to rave about. The service definitely needs work. I probably will  not be eating here any time soon unless I am in dire need of sushi and can tolerate terribly poor service. Till then I will get my sushi fix else where. So sad, I had higher hopes for this place.
5	Most definitely my favorite west side Sushi spot! The sushi is always fresh and tasty! The prices during happy hour are excellent! The ambiance is chic and trendy. Just love love Tomo's!!!
4	I was first introduced to Tomos in celebration of my brother and my girlfriend's birthday.  Since then, it's become my favorite sushi joint in the west valley!Tomos keeps their restaurant dimly lit and there's plenty of bar space [sushi and alcohol] available.  I've only been here for dinner so I have yet experienced their lunch or Happy Hour special but I can't imagine those being anything less than delicious.  For appetizers, their monkey balls, soft shell crab, the ninja jalapenos, and oyster shooters are delicious [warning:  raw quail egg].  Some of my favorite rolls are the Passion of Fire [pity they don't bring this lit on fire anymore], the Dysart Roll, Crunch Roll, Cowboy Roll, Dragon Roll, Spider Roll, and Popcorn Lobster.  The sashimi is always thickly cut and Ocean Salad is great too.While Tomos isn't the absolute best place for sushi, if you're in the west valley, it's probably your safest bet for fresh sushi.
4	This is one of my favorite lunch spots!! With that being said, the food is fresh, the lunch specials are awesome but the customer service can be a bit tedious.  The staff is friendly but sometimes we have to wait for them to come back around.
5	If you go on a non-busy day, their happy hour is awesome on their rolls and drinks! Waiters are always short staffed though.
4	The food is good, my favorites are the sunset roll and the monkey balls since I love mushrooms! I have been here several times and the service lacks every single time.Last night I was there with my husband and the waitress came around once to take our order, that's it... a different server brought our food out but the waitress never returned to bring refills or to simply check in, just brought the check when she must've seen us annoyed. I always rather come here for Take Out!
3	It was busy and took time to get our order. We didn't drink so just got water and the waitress didn't come by very often. She took our order, we ate and after asking someone to bring our check she finally comes, but to pick up the check that was already given to us by someone else. Service was slow, Sushi was delicious! We had a Goodyear roll and of course the Las Vegas roll both were great! We also got the pork gyoza and shrimp tempura. The gyoza were tiny and very salty. The shrimp tempura was pretty good but had the tail end of the shrimp still in it fried which I wasn't used to. They have a great happy hour selection! We will be coming back to this ace pretty soon!
4	The overall dining experience I had here was good. The good is great! The group I was in ordered the calamari as a started... It's calamari, nothing too spectacular about it. The rolls at the table that were ordered were: Crazy, Philadelphia, and Arizona. I ate the Crazy, and it was delicious! Hands down the best sushi I have had in a while. The atmosphere in the restaurant is very cool and unique. However, we had a waitress who seemed less than happy to be waiting on us. She was rude, unhelpful, and impatient. Other than that, I recommend you try this!
4	I love the food here. The sushi is always fresh and delicious so this is my favorite place to get sushi and other Japanese dishes. They have great authentic delicious Ramen Noodle dishes. The Service can be a bit spotty depending on when you go and who you get.
1	Went in with the best intentions and the atmosphere is great buuuut...Way too much rice on the rolls, greasy spider roll...miso you simply cant mess up but the ramen seafood was not fresh. i should know better to get seafood in the desert. Still looking for a good asian rest. in the west valley..
3	I've been to Tomo about four times... pretty much every time I had made a visit to Phoenix. It seems to be about the same each time. The food is good but the service is... not the best. It's not terrible but it's just not very good. The last time I went, our server pretty much ignored us the entire time. The avocado salad was delicious the last time I had it (two or three years ago?); not sure if it has changed since then. The sushi is average, I think, but on the better end as far as Phoenix sushi goes. I love their bento meals as it offers quite a lot of food for a relatively low price. The sashimi bento is my favorite. I must say, however, that the salad that comes in these meals is pretty terribad. It's pretty much just iceberg lettuce with some really crappy dressing. Their meat is pretty tasty.I recommend Tomo if you're in the area and craving some sushi but don't expect the most awesome and stellar experience ever. It should be sufficient to satisfy your sushi urges, though.
5	Great food! I don't usually write reviews but I have to give them props. The food is great and the waitress leaves us alone to enjoy our meal :) I'm not bothered with silly questions while i'm dining and enjoying the company of my date (wife usually). The wifi is free from Panda Express next door so I can upload a pic of my food onto Facebook and not have to use my limited data which is so costly with AT&T.
5	Being the second time I eat sushi, I was never really a fan, I came back. With extra customers. I love their golden California roll it is delicious. And oh their fried rice is Amazing!!! We tried the chicken and the shrimp fried rice and it was by far the best fried rice I have had. The service was really nice as well. Staff was very friendly. I was seated with in seconds of walking in, I waited only a few minutes before the waiter came to take our drink order.   Totally recommend people to eat here!!
1	Ordered sushi as app and didn't see server again. Eventually new server came by and couldn't answer simple menu questions. Asked for our server and she said they all just worked together. Let her know hadn't had anyone check on us in a long time and she still didn't get us drink refills, seemed bothered that we wanted to order entree. Too bad we won't be back the foodw was great.
4	Went there for the first time the other night...I'd heard good things. It was very busy went we got there, but they were able to seat us quickly. The menu is pretty good if you like sushi, they have plenty of options. We also got some not sushi items and they came out great, very tasty.The service was a little strange, we seemed to have three or four waitresses come by and ask us if we were ready to order, the first came after we had literally been sitting for 30 seconds...fine for drink order, but give me few to look at the menu. Felt a little rushed.Overall I would recommend, good portions and the service has quirks but not terrible.
4	Good selection of sushi for a place in AZ. I'm from CA and I was a bit skeptical. The beers were like $2 as well. Quite a few of the rolls came slathered in spicy mayo which I like so I was pleased! Trendy decor and friendly albeit it slightly inattentive staff.
5	Took my wife and daughter to Tomo for their birthday dinner (both share the same birthday) at my daughters request. Place was busy, however, we were well taken care of and the food was as fantastic as ever. The owner always remembers we like an extra sauce with our Tempura and brought it without asking.No better Japanese restaurant in the west valley and the happy hour can't be beat. Still our favorite restaurant and where we eat out the most.
4	Food was really good. Prices weren't too bad. Waitress was forgetful and didn't place our order properly which was disappointing. She left in the middle of our meal and had to ask several times for wasabi, ginger, drink refills and even our check when we were ready to leave. May come back or try takeout since the food was quite good.
5	I am pretty picky about Japanese food as I studied abroad in japan and Tomo is excellent. We ordered the tuna tartar and two sushi rolls. Everything was fresh and delicious.
4	Food was great! We where say in the back and the waitress forgot about us for a while but as soon as she remembered the service was good. Very relaxed place to eat! Not very expensive and great food! I'd recommend it to anyone who like sushi!
5	The Oyshi roll, tuna tataki salad & superman hand roll are my absolute fav! This restaurant is beyond words, hands down the BEST sushi I have ever had. I recommend it to all sushi lovers, nothing compares to this place. Love the staff, the atmosphere, the bar and the location. Everyone is so friendly. I try to visit at least once a week. You will not be disappointed, promise!! I never am!!
4	Great food and valueVisited with employees to celebrate one's birthday. We all opted for bentos and it's amazing how much food you get for the money.  We all waddled away content... once we managed to pry ourselves from our chairs.Tomo's has the usual variety of bento options-- all have some tempura and a ginger-dressing salad, some maki sushi, and meat options. Our group had the A, B, C, and E.  They offer one of the best bentos around and the sushi was surprisingly good.  I'm used to very hit-and-miss experiences with sushi in the Valley.  Truthfully, much more miss.I also compelled the young men to sing Happy Birthday to our birthday boy. You could tell it wasn't their thing, but they didn't hesitate to give it a go.  It was a sad, off key rendition by all of us at the table.  Not a lick of harmony, but scored a 25% tip for earnest effort and fried ice cream with delicately placed candles!Will be back to try, again.
3	I will reiterate what many others have said. Food is above average. Service is poor. We've been there half a dozen times and besides waiting a long time for our food, they almost always forget something or bring us the wrong food. With better servers/server training, this place could be 4 stars easy.
1	I've been here a few times and always thought the food was okay. Not bad but not terrible. Came here for lunch today and the food was not good. The reason for 1 star? 20 minutes after leaving the restaurant my bf and I had food poisoning. The bf had chicken teriyaki and I had one of the lunch combo box. If you still want to eat here, good luck!
3	I'm going to have to knock this down to a 3-star review now. We used to love this place, but the past few times have not been so great.We left to live and work in Japan for a year from Aug. 2012-Aug. 2013; before we left, we had 2 bad experiences at Tomos. The first time, we thought it was just bad luck. They messed up our order, forgot to bring some things out that we had ordered, and still charged us for those forgotten things. The second time was with a gift card we had received from a friend. We went to use it and found out that the person who sold it to our friend never put the money on the card and had pocketed it instead. WOW! We told the owner (I think?) and she said she would take care of it. I trust that she did! ;) After returning in 2013, we figured we would give it a try again. We went back and had a bad experience again, over a year later. I had hoped they had fixed the problems while we were gone, but we were sadly disappointed. They forgot to bring us our plain white rice that we had ordered... in a Japanese restaurant. THEY FORGOT THE RICE!!! :P We went back one final time a few months later (2014 now) and had a similar experience where they forgot the rice. By the way, we were charged for the rice both times. They definitely removed it from our bill at the end, but it's crazy.We used to love this place. The atmosphere is great, the food is great, the drinks are great... but the service is not. The chefs and all the people in the back, plus the bartenders, are awesome, but we have just had terrible experiences with the wait staff. It's unfortunate, but going out to eat is expensive, so I would like to enjoy my entire experience when I do spend my money for someone else to cook food for me! :)(Edit: Forgot to mention that the past several times we went, they switched servers on us at least 2 or 3 times... insane! I bet that's why the orders get messed up. After looking at other reviews, it doesn't seem like we were the only people to have experienced this poor service here. Unfortunate!)
3	Was here during lunch hours (12-3) right after a workout and was starving. So the customer service here isn't bad at all, very nice polite and check in often enough to make sure everything is good. Which personally, I like. I gave Tomo 3 stars simply because of the food. Was with my girl and we ordered salmon and tuna sashimi, spicy sea food ramen, and a roll (red devil roll). First got the spicy ramen. Spicy ramen is nothing special at all, spice is there, noodles are there but the sea food was prob just frozen foods. Wasn't impressed I am sure I could have googled ingredients, taken a couple of shots at making it and eventually have something a lot better. IMO. The roll was just doing too much. Lots of flavor but it's all strong flavors. Thus, get a different roll. And lastly, something that really wasn't bad is the sashimi it was really fresh and 1 order is 6 slices. Generous enough for me. I really enjoyed the sashimi. I think that's the only thing that's giving this review it's 3rd star.But yeah...have you seen Game of Thrones yet?? "Boom, big badaboom, big, big badaboom"-fif element
5	Definitely my favorite spot in the West Valley. Great prices but the service and food are better when you go during the day.
1	Terrible.   When sushi smells fishy you know its not fresh. I hope I don't get food poisoning later since my stomach is upset already. Service was terrible also.   Maybe my expectations are too high dince I am Japanese and know good sushi.   Lucky for them there is not another sushi place in the area or they would be out of business.
4	Great quality sushi and lots of creativity. The rolls were unique and delish. The menu is expansive. They also have a great bar with good drink specials. It's a very stylish place great for a date or for getting together with friends. The waitstaff was very attentive and we received good service. I will definitely come back and bring friends.
5	I love Tomo! Of all the times I've been here I've never had a bad experience. Staff is always friendly and attentive. Food is always on point and the portion size is perfect. Happy hour specials are by far the best around.
5	Delicious!! Our favorite sushi place in the West Valley. The monkey balls are amazing and my favorite roll is the Superman roll. That being said, we have yet to order a roll that we didn't like - combinations are great and the ingredients are fresh. Everything is prepped to order, so it takes a little while to get your order - but it's worth the wait. Yum!!
5	Yes, I would try the Miso soup. The spicy and spicy is a great choice to warm you up. Another good spicy choice is the Spicy Tuna Basic roll.
4	Easily one of the best sushi places in Arizona. The food is good and worth the price. Their rolls are above average, but I wouldn't say they're amazing. But definitely better than any other place you can find in the area. And their happy hour is great with cheap rolls and appetizers. Friendly and patient service also made each experience a pleasant one.
4	Good stuff. A neighborhood spot that I appreciate. Sit at the bar and meet new people. Don't be scared. I very much enjoyed Tomo.
4	Good sushi. Nice ambiance. I feel the staff could have been slightly more attentive. But the food was great!
5	Fresh Fish, these guys have some of the best and freshest fish in the valley......i eat only raw sashimi so i know my fish. the UNI is very good, all t he tuna is top shelf and the slamon melts in your mouth...thanks TOMO
4	went to Tomo's for Saturday afternoon happy hour which is from 3-6.  nice enough interior right next to Panda.  such a good value - got a cosmo for $4 hubby got a long island.  he had a nice las vegas roll and I tried their goodyear roll - it was ok but not much shrimp.  we actually liked the cheapest the spicy California roll is $2.95 and it was well seasoned.  great happy hour prices for sure and good service from nice kids - we'll be back!
5	Been here several times with my wife who first showed me this place while we were dating. The food has always been great and so has the service. Happy hour is the best deal in town and their wings are pretty amazing too, obviously the sushi is great. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	definitely a fan of this place!!
5	Great, attentive, and quick service. The food was very good and the atmosphere is the nicest we have found in the west valley.
4	Great little hidden spot for Japanese cuisine fix and sake bombs. Japanese Ramen :) Shhhh I'm busy dranking and watching football. Servers are nice, need to know the menu themselves and the difference between the noodles.
1	I was The Duke here on Yelp for a few months, a real regular.  They decided tonight,seeing a regular, to put us on a sofa and seat everyone to the point there were tables free, and still wouldn't seat us.  The Happy Hour is a strict 6:00 end, that depends on when your food is ordered, the 45 minutes in the back blew that. So good bye Dukedom, it will be a while before I waste my time here, again.
3	Food is good, service is good. BUT too much rice on their rolls!!!! I have to take off half of the rice!
4	The food is not bad, however the service makes it difficult to want to return...every time I have have come here it takes me grabbing a staff member to even get a drink. The food is decent though, so I return. Happy hour menu is full of great prices and appetizers which is typically what I order anyway. If they could get a little more organized as far as staff goes it would go far. I also would love seaweed in my miso please lol patience required to dine here. Overall, I shall return!
4	Excellent selection of fresh sushi. Service is good. Happy hour is a great time to try some of their appetizers. My buddies and I frequent this restaurant several time a month. One of the best in the valley.
4	manager Brian will treat u right. food is probably the freshest in sushi. i been going since it opened. always satisfy my taste buds.
4	Great food,  customer service is a different story. As soon as you walk it no one is there to assist you. After waiting 5 min, your sited. Never got any refills on our drinks, bar tender did not know the difference between a lime and a lemon and I was told they were the same thing and "it had not changed color yet" seriously? Sadly I will not be returning here, after 5 visits (because the food it good) of "hey maybe the next time it will be better" I'm over shitty customer service.
5	I love the oyshi roll and snow corn I've been a big fan of this place for couple of years and the atmosphere is great I recommend it to everyone!
4	Food is great but the service has declined. It took over 15 minutes for someone to take our drink order
4	Oustanding food. The perefect meal here - is the Popcorn Lobster, Tempura Bannana and a Sappora...
3	The main thing that upset both my husband and I were the sushi chefs. We decided to sit at the sushi bar because we both like interacting with our sushi chefs and as soon as we sat down neither chefs greeted us or even looked at us. We waited and waited but nothing. After the waitress took our drink order I decided to give it the college try and strike up a convo with one of them. He didn't seem very interested and when my husband asked if he could add sauce or spruce up the nigiri sushi the chef replied with " no, not today. " ummm excuse me me? You couldn't add some sauce to the fish? In our opinion they were both being jerks ( my husband used another word). I am not one to cuss on yelp but who does that? We ended up moving to a table because they were not nice at all. They didn't even ask if we wanted ginger and wasabi. Anyways, on to the food...The sushi was not bad. My husband and I ordered the passion of fire roll and red devil roll( we added shrimp tempura to that one. )They came out fast and were both pretty good but nothing special. We also ordered the monkey balls appetizer and that was pretty good as well but still nothing about this restaurant was Amazing. I will be going back to Osaka as my go to Sushi restaurant. The waitress was sweet and awesome and so was the older lady that worked there I'm guessing she's an owner not sure though. One other thing, I was expecting my passion of fire roll to be lit on fire... It was one fire in the picture. Yes, not all rolls will look like the pictures but should come somewhat close.
4	Great quality sushi and lots of creativity. The rolls were unique and delish. The menu is expansive. They also have a great bar with good drink specials. It's a very stylish place great for a date or for getting together with friends. The waitstaff was very attentive and we received good service. I will definitely come back and bring friends.
