4	This just opened last summer and boy was I glad to see it--fast, inexpensive, good food, VERY friendly owners/clerks, even gave me a comp spanakopita to try to get me "hooked"!  I would eat here all the time if I lived in town.
4	My goodness, their gyros are STUFFED w/ meat.  Excellent value for the money.  We have not really tried anything beyond the pitas and fries, which we really like.  We tend to take out more than eat in.
5	We eat here quite often and I highly recommend it! This is one of those family-owned restaurants that has great food, great service, and good prices. The owners are very friendly and eager to please. Sure beats the cookie-cutter franchises out there.
4	If you are looking for take out that is not fast food, this is the spot. The Greek Grill has some great gyros and the mixed salad selection is excellent. A greek salad with the grilled chicken or keba added is excellent. The owner will come up with a few specials about twice a month and those are always worth checking out. He put some greek grill appetizers on the menu which are essentially gryo meat spring rolls and they are fabulous... So, for a meal that is not Jack in the Box... the Greek Grill is the way to go.
5	Incredible gyros! They are only like $5 and they are a very generous size. The salads are also very good. What makes these sandwiches so good is the quality of the meat and all the ingredients seem very fresh. Highly recommend.
4	Bravo!  This place is "the bomb".  Everything is homemade, fresh, and delicious.  Their fries are cut and fried on site, the meats are marinated and cooked to perfection.  The service is friendly and the atmosphere is comfortable.  This was one of my favorite spots when I was working in the area.  As of Jan 1, 2010, they now charge for Credit/Debit transactions, so bring cash.  I have nothing negative to say about this place and encourage everyone to give it a try, you will not be disappointed.
4	Love this place, cheap, tons of food and awesome food...the staff are nice too!!!
5	This place is cheap and is definitely worth trying. I ordered grilled salmon, while my co-worker ordered grilled kabob. Like all the other reviews, the salad is very good as well.  Very tasty and filling!
4	Best gyro in the vicinity hands down. Loaded with tasty meat and piping hot. I've been to a lot of gryo joints in Chandler and Gilbert, but this is the only I return to now (I feel a little guilty for abandoning my previous favorite with a really nice owner, but the Greeks Grill Gyro is my master now). The interior is cramped and utilitarian, otherwise I'd give the place 5 stars just for that gorgeous gyro.
5	Good food at good prices. This place has been our favorite local Greek food restaurant for a few years now. It has recently changed management. I've been here twice since the change and the chicken pita seems about the same. The previous management was good, but it appears to still be family-run and the service is still great. I wouldn't be surprised to find out the new owners were previous customers that liked it the way it was. They have only made a few minor changes here and I think they are improvements (i.e., real plates and silverware). Give them a try. We want to keep them in business!
1	I really don't understand how there can be this many positive reviews of this place.  The gyro was sub par, very little meat and the tzatziki was watery.  The chicken schawarma had an odd taste to it as well.  I would rate Gyro Express and the Hungry Monk wayyyy better and they are both within a mile of this place.  Save your cash, go anyplace else.
3	The fresh pita bread and the gyro are just as delicious as the prior reviews suggest, however, if you plan to stray anywhere else on the menu you're liable to be disappointed. The hummus tastes like it came out of a jar... from a gas station, which was only slightly less disappointing than the dolmades which had no flavor at all. If you're looking to grab a quick Gyro for lunch this is the place for you, if you want to sit down and eat a good greek meal, you should pass on the Greeks Grill.
5	Fantastic place!!  Family owned and everyone is very friendly and the food ROCKS!!  Find this place, you will love it!
4	Let's start with the service. I feel alot of places could learn from these people. This is the kindest most friendly service I've had in a long time. I would recommend this place for that reason alone. I ordered the gyro for lunch. It was good, but failed to make it into my top 5, which is a disappointment, cause of the reviews I was thinking it was a sure placement. The service is what pushed my rating to 4 stars.
2	$5 for a gyro is a good price.  I've had $10 gyro's taste worse than this.  That's why this place get's 2 stars.It was nothing to write home about.  I will have to find the perfect gyro in Phoenix somewhere else.
4	The menu for this restaurant is pretty standard Greek food, but still really tasty. The original gyro is awesome, and they overfilled my pita sandwich with meat. Yum! They use fresh ingredients each day. Their hummus was awesome, just a little bit spicy, but not hot. The pita was hot, soft and fresh. The combo meals come with either fries or a side salad, and both are awesome. They season the fries with a little bit of something yummy that I couldn't identify. As the other folks mentioned, the service at this place is amazing. The owner is the sweetest guy, so friendly and helpful, and offered to help me walk my to-go order out to my car, since my hands were full. He shook my hand, asked for my name, (and then called me by my name!) and invited me to come back. You can't get more endearing than that.  I'll definitely go back to this place again.
5	Great place! Had lunch here and the food is phenomenal. Recommended for sure.
4	Hadn't been into the Greek in quite some time.  Went in tonight and got the Greek Salad.  Fred, the owner, stacked my salad with chicken kabob, grilled chicken and gyro meat.  It was a high protein, low carb treat.  All 3 of the meats were flavorful and nicely cooked.  He also treated us to some complimentary hummus, enough that I brought leftovers home for my daughter, who loves hummus.  The hummus was yummy.Fred makes the place.  It was also nice to see the place humming w/ some business on a Friday night.
5	Had a coupon (not Groupon, but similar offer), and my wife and I dropped in for lunch.  Let me assure you, we'll be back!  Excellent food, and really superior service.  They clearly pay attention to what they're doing.  One of the best Gyros I've had in the Phoenix area!  Highly recommended.
5	This place is an awesome gem tucked away in a plaza. Greeks Grill is family owned and they are super nice. The owner definitely knows the meaning of customer service, the first time we went we sat and ate there and the owner gave us free hummus which tasted amazing, great blend of spices and just the right amount of olive oil. I ordered the original gyro which was stuffed full of fresh ingredients, the meat was so moist and had great flavor. My Fiance had the Chicken Shawarma pita, that as well was stuffed to the top of the pita with meat and fresh vegetables. The food is amazing and has become our favorite spot to eat when we are craving for some Greek food. They have great prices and always have some sort of lunch special going on.
4	Maybe 4.5.Very good food.  Most made fresh on premisses.  Good prices, fast service.  Odd location, but they really can't do anything about that.Well worth giving a try.
5	My wife and I love gyros, but getting a good one is a hit or miss affair.  I'm happy to report, this place is a definite hit.  I've had gyros in many places, but none better than this.  The meat was tender, flavorful, and plentiful- the real thing off a rotisserie.  The tzatziki was creamy, and the pita was soft and fresh.  For 6.99 you get a combo with a soda and choice of Greek Salad or fries.  We both had the salad and were not disappointed, the dressing was flavorful without being overly tart.We haven't had the baklava yet- we brought that home to enjoy with coffee later, but it looks divine.  The brownie that we also brought home with the same intention somehow is now somehow half as big as when we left the restaurant.  Hmmm, wonder how that happened.  Probably has something to do with the fact that it was fabulous.  And it was just two bucks!The only thing this place doesn't have is great atmosphere, but I don't see that as a negative; if it did, it would just make it more expensive, and it's perfect, just the way it is.  And the staff is super-friendly, too.We're already looking forward to going back.
5	This place is so awesome!!!!! The food is amazing and the owners are just as good as it gets. I am middle eastern and can cook the food , so I am not usually impressed with greek food however this place is the ONLY one I will go to if my family and I go out to eat... I really do love it here
5	The Greek's Grill made me feel like I was at my grandparent's house.  The owner greeted me so warmly, shook my hand and had me meet his wife, who was cooking in the back.  While the greeting was a lovely warm-up, let's be honest, I was there for food.  I don't know much about Greek food, so I found an item on the menu that looked delicious -the chicken caesar pita- and it was!  The pita bread was warm and soft and the chicken was out-of-this-world.  It had so much flavor and was so tender.  I would order a bowl of just the chicken and eat it.  My husband had the salmon pita and he raved about his order, as well.  The charm of the owners is a rare find among businesses and the food is fresh and delicious.  Definitely give the Greek's Grill a try. You'll thank me.
5	This place has the best gyro I have tried in the east valley! Also Fred is a very nice man and makes you feel right at home. This gyro will be busting out of your pants after you lick your fingers:)
3	I came here tonight after getting a pedicure for a quick dinner, and overall, it was okay.  The place serves really good greek food, and they serve a great menu of items. I went with the gyro pita with fries and a drink.  Food was tasty, but the place was HOT and STUFFY.  No air conditioning and no air circulation.  It was so uncomfortable! Overall, halfway decent place, great prices and good filling food.
5	This place is amazing for breakfast!!! Seriously $3 for a huge plate of eggs, toast and home-style potatoes. Such an awkward location but I think that makes eating here even more fun. Great owners, very friendly!
4	Wifey wanted Greek food yesterday, specifically gyros.  So I wanted someplace quick and easy -- get in and get out, since I was preoccupied with all the games on TV.  So I went here and ordered three dinner plates but asked that the food be all packaged separately so the things would not get mooshed together when I drove home.  So I ordered two gyros dinners and one chicken schwarma dinner.  Overall I think that everything was OK, but I wished the gyros was juicier and had more spice in it.  It was a little bland and dry, probably due to being on the spit all day.  The chicken schwarma was OK, but I was expecting grilled chicken -- my bad; did not know what I was ordering.  The Greek salad was very good, but the dressing was very strong with a high amount of herbs in it, specially Greek oregano.  Next time I will order maybe ranch dressing.  They gave a big portion of yellow, saffron rice which was very good and tasty.  The pita bread was fresh and soft.  But the worse thing was that they forgot the taziki sauce!!  Bummer -- so I had to use Italian seasoning in sour cream when I got home.  Not the same without the taziki!  I had to wait a little bit, but the owner was very nice and gave me a small iced tea, gratis, and an order of baklava.  That was very nice of him.  I know that this is probably asking too much, but I wish I could find a fast food type of place where I can get the Greek lamb shanks.  I really like that.
4	This place has the BEST hummus that I have found to date. Yeah, I'm kinda freaky that way, I only date hummus.I called in a to go order on a Saturday afternoon so I could take a bunch of food to my friends house.Everything was wonderful but I have had a better veggie pita at... wait for it...Gyros Express! But everything else I ordered here was better than there. The tzatiki and pitas were fantasticThe owner is a very sweet man named "Fred" I challenged that and said no Greek man is named "Fred". He laughed and told me his real name. This was a very tasty experience and we will be back! Thanks Fred!
4	I had a few extra minutes to eat lunch today and wanted to do something different.  I ventured out to the Greek's Grill in Chandler.  The place is clean and amazingly affordable.  I had my Grecian favorite - the gyro (actually I think it originated in Chicago, but anyway.............).  It was cooked just right, not burnt or dry.  It had the right balance of tomatoes, yogurt and lettuce.  It came with a free drink and fries.  The fries are exceptional.  They are done with sea salt, oregano and olive oil.  Simply exceptional.  In addition, they provide a china plate and real silverware.  My combo was under $8.00.  I was actually tempted to break my plate and yell oopa! But refrained.  The food is delicious and priced right.
5	This place has by far the best gyros in Chandler. Don't be fooled by the strip mall it's in, this place is a hidden gem! We had the original gyro and their humas. Both were extremely fresh!
5	I absolutely love this place! I mean... what's not to love about a cozy little Greek grill?! It's family owned and operated and the whole family is so sweet and puts a lot of care into what they do. I also agree with the review before me... amazingly affordable breakfast with nice hearty portions. For lunch, I tend to stick with the shwarama sandwich combo. And yes, they do sell gum. Trust me, you will need it. ;) Highly recommended to anyone in the area for breakfast or lunch!
5	being paleo, there aren't many fast food options that are quick and easy. i've got in'n'out and chipotle.... and now greek food! my boxing gym is in the next plaza over and i thought i'd try this place after a long night of working out and not wanting to cook or clean. Greeks is a small, family owned restaurant located in the Waterfall shopping center on Alma School. it's got a really nice cozy feel to it and you know that this place is pretty legit. i believe that the owner and his daughter were working the night i walked in. they were both extremely nice and made a few recommendations on the menu. i went with the gyro plate (no pita). the price was really reasonable (~$9).the food came fairly quickly and i was sent on my merry way. when i got home, i couldn't believe the amount of meat that was stuffed into the to go container. it was incredible! at other Greek food places i have experienced here in the valley, they usually skimp on the meat and add extra salad. not this place. the meat was juicy and flavorful, the greek salad was extremely fresh and made well, and the fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. perfect! i've definitely added The Greeks Grill to my fast food rotation from now on :)
3	at first walk in, this place had  a stinge that frightens me but feeling adventurous all you yelpers giving this place 4 stars i decided to stay when i walked in the place looked like it needed a serious cleaning which it does the tables were all dusty lookin and the high top i sat at was stickey with left over food spills and all the hot pepper sauce containers were about a 1/10th full and needed a good wipe down as well. the owners were congeniel but had a hard time under standing my order from the 6 breakfast items they offered. once they figured out i wanted the sausage omlet with cheddar(whats so hard) it took about 15 minutes to get it now the good part it was a damn tasty omlet and great potatos. doubt i will go back just because the place is so filthy
5	OMG this is the best Greek food I have had on the east side of the valley. Excellent prices and they even deliver. I am a fan'
2	I don't understand how so many people have had great experiences with the owner. He gets grumpy when we use a card instead of cash and it's not like we're placing a piddly order -- we're buying more than enough to justify it. I prefer to get the food to go (I love the tzatziki) but recently decided to eat in and realized I won't ever do that again. I had ordered Greek fries but received regular fries instead. When I mentioned this to the waitress, who was really nice, she told the owner who then complained about me in the nearby kitchen. I like to think that cashiers, waiters, and customer service people in general appreciate my patience and kindness but this guy makes me feel like it's such a hassle for him to even bother with me. I had another bad experience ordering lunch today and I'm done with this place...I just don't get it. :(
5	This place has the best gyro I have tried in the east valley! Also Fred is a very nice man and makes you feel right at home. This gyro will be busting out of your pants after you lick your fingers:)
4	Yelped out for what was nearby and found this place.  It's in a shopping plaza and just a little restaurant.  I ordered a gyro salad and small fry (shhh...!) The salad was bomb bomb bomb diggity no doubt!! I ate my entire salad and actually threw most of the fries away because I was so full from my fresh, flavorful salad.  The salad came with shredded iceberg, Lamb meat, one pepperoncini ( would have appreciated more), tomatoes, red peppers, red onions, and cucumbers.  It was lovely.  I am thankful I yelped the "around me" option to find this family owned spot.
4	We went here a month ago.  We had an Entertainment coupon, so our meal was about half the cost.  The food was good.  The bathroom was neat & clean.  It looked like a family owned restaurant.  Though the people were courteous, I felt like we were intruding on them.I did feel a bit out of place here, though very casual.  The service was substandard, but the food and the prices were good.  Would we come here again?  Maybe.  I do value good service.
2	I really tried to like the Gyros. Do I need to move back to Chicago for real eats?
5	I was in Chandler on business and I actually came here twice because it was so good. The pita was fresh and soft, the meat was delicious. I didn't experience the owner, just his daughter and she was very pleasant. No frills, just a damn tasty Gyro and the fries are surprisingly good for steak fries!
4	I yelped for local good eats and found this place.  I love good gyros, hummus and greek salad.  This was good.  The meat was perfect, shaved perfect thickness and perfect cooked.  Yummy hummus with lots of yummy pita bread.  Greek salad was just like you got it in Boston.  Middle of small neighborhood in Chandler and who would have thunk!
1	Wish I could give zero stars.  Never have I seen more irate customers.  Everyone was extremely angry.  I had to request a refund and left after waiting for over 30 minutes for a gyro and a salad.   I saw people come 10 to 15 minutes after me and get their food.  When I asked where my food was, I was told the original gyro takes a while....   Soooo precooked, chopped and formed meat, reheated on a griddle takes 30 minutes???   Very unorganized.  They had no idea who ordered what.  Would ask every table if the orders coming out of the kitchen were theirs.  No one knew if it was their order since they came out 2 plates at a time and some people had 5 or 6 people.  Never again!  Just horrible.
5	Awesome!  Food is fresh and very tasty.  The owner is friendly and welcoming.  Good service and excellent food!!!!
4	This place was excellent!! Best falafel I have had anywhere!! Greek salad was good too...just not best ever. I will definitely be back again and would highly recommend it!
5	One name: Falah who's the owner...great guy!! My first time here and he says "baklava is fresh...here try some" I ended up buying more and it's a good thing I did!! Greek wraps on the west side are hard to beat...this place is a very very very close Who makes pita from scratch? This guy does...great atmosphere. The panera of pitas I would say
5	Hands down best falafel sandwich ever!  Go there and order a falafel sandwich!  Your mouth and belly will thank you for it!  Then you'll thank me for making you happy!  Go falafel sandwich!!!
4	The Zues Pita! Chicken, Gyro, Falafel, Feta, Tzatziki. Delicious. The hummus is great. Five stars for the food, hack a star for the oddly slow but friendly service.
5	Okay, they drove me to it.  After having Fred (Falah), his wife & crew cater our church's annual Christmas Dinner, I simply had to sign up for a yelp account.Ninety very happy people.  That's what we had at the end of our dinner.  Told Fred of our experience last year when a restaurant some distance away ran out of salad very early on in the serving.  NOT THIS YEAR!  Didn't run out of a thing and in fact, had a considerable amount of left overs!  Was it the wonderful pita?  (homemade?  Really?!?) The yummy hummus?  The flavorful chicken gyros?  YES! YES! YES!  And the Greek salad (way more than enough!), the gyros, the chicken kabob and all topped off with the baklava!!  YUM!!  Again, not one complaint, everyone found something to rave about!So thinking about an office party?  Want to treat your employees?  I highly recommend talking with Fred and going Greek!
4	My pregnancy craving led me to this tiny hole in the wall spot today. I ordered the simple Gyro Platter with rice, I'd definitely go here again. The lady who was working was welcoming and the atmosphere itself was cute and quaint.
5	Warning: this is a bit of a novel... To get to the parts about the food and service, skip to the end... If you want to hear the story, read on.This place is beyond ridiculous. My friend and I walk in after a race, are greeted by the owner, and a nice mother and daughter immediately start recommending items for us. My friend orders the chorizo breakfast and I the falafel pita (naturally). I am always very skeptical about ordering falafel because so many places just don't get it right. It's either been frozen, it's too greasy, or too dry. So, as you can tell, I was nervous. The owner is super friendly when taking our order and just made us feel as though we were at home. We talk to the other patrons in the restaurant for a while (it really says something that extremely friendly, intelligent people eat here), and then go take our seats outside. The woman cooking the good brings us out two of the most amazing plates of food I've seen in a while, and the owner follows her with the forks, airing us that the food is freshly made and that he hopes we enjoy it.We dig in, and oh my goodness. The chorizo had the perfect amount of spice (according to my friend), and the falafel... oh, the falafel. It was crisp on the outside and moist on the inside. Just perfect! I have never enjoyed falafel that thoroughly; every bite was just a little piece of heaven. After finishing our meal, I had to step back inside to compliment the owner on the falafel, to which he responded by showing us just how truly fresh it is. They make a huge batch of it from scratch every day! I was so impressed by the quality and by how he made me feel right at home.I thought things  couldn't get better, but as we were walking out, he wanted to make sure we had enough water since we had just run a race. Talk about a wonderful human being!I'll definitely be coming back here!
5	Absolutely the best Greek I've had since I lived in New York. Simple chicken Gyro cooked to perfection, flavors exactly appropriate exploded with every bite. Pita so fresh and soft in tandem with the chicken grill spices and perfectly balanced lemon tzatziki sauce, added up to a sumptuous blend. The owner's adorable granddaughter took my order which added a sweet touch (the family was there eating lunch together), and then he made my dish fresh right away visibly in the kitchen behind. It was so good, I was literally sad when it was over. I happen to be moving up the street in three weeks, and I guarantee you I will be there weekly if not more often. Very friendly and prompt service, and the place itself very clean. If you enjoy leaving a restaurant feeling happy and satiated, run don't walk to the Greek's Grill.
5	Love it!!!  Great Food, Good Service, Delivery, small family owned and very friendly. What's not to like!!!  Definitely a return trip restaurant!!!
5	I dropped in close to closing tonight and the man whom I'd guess was the owner was very friendly and helpful. He even gave me a sample of his excellent baklava while I waited for the to go order. It's Great little place.
3	Good gyro. The hummus was pretty bland, but had some spicy red pepper powder that my wife hated and I enjoyed.  I might come back here if I was in the neighborhood, but wouldn't drive very far for it.
5	This place is a gem. We tried the salmon gyro and the falafel gyro. The falafel is cooked to perfection and so tasty! The Tzatziki is amazing and well balanced in the gyro. Don't leave without trying the Baklava!! The best I've ever had. It's a small place, quiet and clean. A new favorite.
5	Just tried this place for the first time the Gyro was the best ive had. I never thought anyone could beat my greek gyro place in Scottsdale but these guys have done just that. Definitely recommend eating here.
5	Tried this place out today and omg it's so yummy that I had to write a review!!! I ordered the chicken gyro combo that came with fries and a drink for $8.50 after tax. I asked the owner what a certain dessert was that was sitting in the pan on the counter and he gave me a piece for free! Very friendly workers. Now back to the food...let's just say, I got it to go and when I got home I was barely able to eat it because my family devoured it!!! I took one bite and was moaning because it was so delicious, and my sisters and parents came into the kitchen to check out what I was eating and asked to try it... Then they just kept taking more and more of my food cause it was sooo good! Now they owe me. Lol so the fries are seasoned to perfection, the chicken is marinated and juicy topped with fresh tomatoes, onions, lettuce and tahini sauce on a pita....nom nom I'm getting hungry just talking about it!!!
5	I am addicted to this place. I love it and crave it several times a week. Aside from being out of town for work, or on vacation, I have eaten here at least once, mostly twice a week since we discovered this place in January. I mostly get take out for my husband and myself on my way home from work, and we have yet to have a bad meal. Everything is delicious. We have tried pitas (chicken, gyro, falafel and salmon), salads- always fresh and the chicken perfect, their baklava and soup. In the colder months when they make their lemon chicken soup, I dream about this stuff! It's to die for. I have told everyone about it and have a few friends and coworkers who also are addicted to the soup. I should probably learn how to make the soup myself, since I love it so much, but why bother when I know I couldn't reach the same level of perfection? Fred, and the lovely ladies (who I assume are his relatives), who work there are all such nice people. Everything they make is fresh, and they take pride in the food they serve. Sadly, they aren't open on Sundays, but it gives me a reason to look forward to work on Monday- I'll be calling them for take out on my way home! :)
1	I had to check twice to see if this was really the place we ate based on the other yelp reviews.  I went expecting a greek dive with 4-5 star food.  There's dives and then there's ewwww.   The place inside is disgusting - dirty and in need of a major facelift.  Even if the stuff is old you can try to get the grime off.  All I thought about while we were waiting for our food to get done was what Robert Irving and his Restaurant Impossible team would have said.  Plus - if the public areas are that dirty -what's the kitchen look like?   I originally tried to call in my order - but the guy on the phone couldn't understand what I was trying to order - so we gave up and just went to order the food in person.  We tried the Zeus Gyro and hummus.  Hummus was bland, blah, not worth eating.  The Zeus is stuffed with gyro meat (just your standard premade stuff), falafel (ok) and chicken - which tasted like weird curry spices and not like greek food at all.  Yep - it's a big pile of meat - all mediocre meat.
4	There is nothing quite like having service from the owner of a restaurant! I know the place is no frills, but I don't eat the chairs or table. It has the feel of a local Greek hangout. The food is awesome! I recommend the felafel, and veggie Gyro. You might even her some regulars speaking fluent Greek sitting next to you.
5	I've driven by numerous times and finally stopped because we didn't know where else to eat. Wow!  The man that was there opted to have the woman (wife?) take our order because we started asking questions and I think his English is limited. She assured us she makes everything from scratch and it is the best around. I agree!  So much that when I asked my husband if he liked it he said, "Uhum, I want to hug her."  Then when we were done she came over for our reaction and he told her he wanted to hug her! Why don't I get hugs when I cook dinner?We got the sample appetizer and it all was delicious.  I'm not a big dolmades fan but I did eat three!  I thought the falafel, hummus and tzatziki were phenomenal.  I had chicken kabob dinner with rice and hubby had chicken pita.  We even got a complimentary baklava. Yes we are big eaters it is hard to try things without ordering everything at once!  I have a nice lunch for tomorrow. I've already messaged my friends and family of the new find and now passing  to you.
5	Got take out for lunch here today.  Had salmon pita with side Greek salad-a great, reasonably healthy and reasonably priced lunch.  Salad was solid with good feta cheese and dressing.  Most importantly for me, the salmon pita contained a generous amount of salmon-and for $6! The owners also gave me a small piece of baklava for free, which I appreciated and enjoyed.  Will come back here for lunch.
4	We've gotten take out from here several times and really enjoy it. The gyros are really good and so are the fries. I got a cheese pita for my kid and I think I'll order it for myself some time because whatever cheese they use is delicious. Normally I'm not a fan of chicken gyros but theirs is delicious. They seasoned the chicken really well. We will definitely keep coming back!
5	I do go back weekly - just went tonight, and it's better every time. And now the owner recognizes me (I think?) and sometimes gives me free bachlava - and it's soooooo good. And I don't even like sweets. The only thing different now is that I get the chicken kabob platter because I love the grilled vegetables and they know it's me when I phone order because I always get 2 extra tzatziki sauces b/c they make it in-house and it's mouth-watering. But 1 just isn't enough for me. :)
5	They DELIVER! We ordered lunch for a working meeting - the food arrived fast and hot and delicious. Everyone's asking for their information because it smells so good. We ordered the Philly Steak, Falafel, Chicken Caesar and Chicken Kabobs. The hummus is super fresh, but a little bland. The greek salad is really good. Everyone agrees, 5 stars on this one!
5	Love the gyro's here, meat is fantastic, taziki sauce is awesome,all is fresh including the amazing baklava!
4	Always a fan when I find  a place where they are from Chicago, The gyro was great, and the cheese fries made it even better.
2	I agree with Krista S. This place needs a major facelift! The furnishings are old and grungy and would be rejected at a goodwill. So for atmosphere it doesn't deserve any stars.  The chicken shawarma had a curry type of seasoning, more Indian than Greek.  I do not like curry and we would not have ordered it if the menu had described it accurately. The gyro was good but nothing so outstanding that I would make a special trip back for it.  The French fries were well seasoned and were fresh and crispy - loved them, but I don't return to places when only the side dish impresses.
2	Food was OK. Place was dirty!  Tables and chairs are old but that's not an excuse for the nasty tables.
