5	I never would have made it to the Lahaina Grill if it weren't for a friend of mine scheduling another friend's going away party there, and at first I was pretty ticked at him for doing so.  I'm an Eastsider.  I like the Eastside.  I don't like going to the Westside.  I am lazy.  However, later on I was so glad I was there.Made to look like a Hawaiian grotto of some sort, the main dining area has a little character, if it isn't a bit cheesy in my estimation.  However, we were situated in the reserved dining area.  Big, comfy leather couches enfolded us as we watched the team of waiters bring in our spread.  The food was incredible.  Spring rolls, spare ribs with hoisin, Hawaiian chicken - it was all delicious.  The shining star was the Marylyn Mon Roll: Shrimp tempura, cucumber, avocado, topped with creamy yum yum scallops and unagi sauce.  I think I ate a million pieces.  Literally, a million.  Then they brought out the chocolate guava mousse, and my friends still make fun of the way I consumed that.The reserved room was amazing as well.  In addition to the comfy digs, there was a TV that could be, well, a regular TV as well as accommodate DVDs, gaming consoles and came complete with a karaoke set up.  Ain't nothing like seeing a mouthful of masticated Marylyn Mon Roll while your friend is singing Total Eclipse of the Heart.
5	Requirements for a great sushi place:  Fresh tasting fish, flavored sake, and fresh wasabi that'll just burn up the nose and make you tear up.  Everything else is an added bonus such as the ambience.  Lahaina Grill isn't cramped up like most sushi places.  The chefs are definitely friendly, and the place is open 24 hours!  I like how they use real crab for some rolls instead of the imitation.  Service was great which made my dining experience enjoyable.  It was 3 a.m. though, and I was drunk so maybe it just made it more enjoyable.
3	I went here recently for some late night drinks and sushi.  They had a late night happy hour from 10 pm - 1 pm, so that was pretty awesome.  We tried the Spicy Salmon Roll and Shrimp Tempura Roll for $4 each off the happy hour menu, which were pretty good.  I also ordered items off the regular-priced menu like the Lychee Martini and Japanese Lasagna, which were also very good! The Lychee Martini was absolutely delightful! Loved how it actually tasted like lychees! Yummy!  However, I gave this place 3 stars, because although our server was nice and attentive to us for the most part, he gave us the wrong check at the end and disappeared for a long time afterwards, so we had to wait and look around for him.  But other than this slip-up, Lahaina Grill is an okay place to grab some drinks and sushi in the Summerlin area.
5	Wow, this place has some seriously good sushi.  The portions are big and the fish is fresh.  It's not super expensive, but it's not cheap either -- our average roll was $15, and the average order of nigiri was $5.  For two of us having a huge amount of sushi and a drink each, our bill was just under $100.  The thing that makes this place 5 stars?  It's 24 hours!  We went in at 2:30am on a Tuesday night, and the place was bustling.  By 4am, everyone had moved over to the bar rather than the sushi bar, but it was still a good scene for the middle of the night in a random bar.  I'll be back more often than!
4	I admit I was a bit hesitant to go here because of the outside facade.  With the words "24 hours" and "gaming" and location in a strip mall, I questioned the quality of the food.  My friend took me here because she raved about the sushi and customer service.  The sushi was excellent -- fresh and generous portions.  I particularly liked the sake sea bass and chicken mu shu.  (They offer a diverse menu of Asian cuisine by the way.)  Since it's 24 hours, it's great for anyone who may be craving good food during the wee hours of the morning.  Yep, one should not judge a book (or restaurant) by it's cover.
5	This place is close to home and always fun. The service and food is great. The bartenders are very friendly and for you guys, well, you'll just have to see for yourself. :)We play video poker and they have specials and be sure to sign up for the coupons. You can't beat it anywhere.
1	After reading some of the initial reviews, I thought they served sushi 24/7 so I was disappointed to learn that they only started serving food after 3pm. They also need to take down that 24/7 banner down.This should have been my first clue of a horrible experience. First of all there are slot machines at the bar which kills the ambiance. Second of all, one of the female bartenders was glued to her cell phone, texting whoever in between serving people drinks. She was much more attentive to her phone that to the customers. You could tell some of the patrons were annoyed by this.Also, I feel the sushi is way overpriced for what you get, especially in a place that doesn't have the same ambiance as most other authentic sushi bars.Don't waste your time here, there are plenty of other sushi places in the area with better service. Fort Apache and Patrick Lane for Hokkaido, Warm Springs and Durango for Sumo Sushi, and Oyshi on Rainbow and Robindale.
4	I'm a fan of any place you can get 24 hour sushi!  We frequent LaHaina quite often.  Really yummy rolls.  My favorite is the Hot and Wild roll.  They must put crack in their garlic ponzu sauce because I can't get enough of it.Service is hit or miss, but the few times it's been a miss, it's been really busy with just one server so I understand that.  Not saying it's ideal, but whatever.Overall, I highly recommend it!
1	Came here because I heard of all the good things about Lahaina. 24/7 service. Good food and good service.But, after walking in, not getting any attention from a hostess and the sushi chef telling me to sit where ever I liked, I was kind of disappointed. Okay, second chance, sat at a table across from the sushi bar, got a waitress to pay attention to me and brought me a menu. Menu was sticky as if it was sprayed from frying grease, table was sticky and the faint smell of cigarettes abruptly hit me in the face. Should I have to continue?? Anyways, onto the dining experience. After being served a drink, you get 2 menus, one being the main one with the word's Louis' Wok & Roll?...wait, I thought I just walked into Lahaina Grill, what's Lou's Wok & Roll??? It is a sushi restaurant, isn't it? Did they change owners and become a chinese take-out? So, I get over that fact and start to order, first is a Lahaina sashimi platter, next was the hidden dragon roll and finally the ultimate salmon roll. The quality of the fish was not even worth tasting, presentation was fairly simple with 3 slices of 1/4" fish for the sashimi plate. The chef who made the Hidden Dragon Roll was way to liberal with the eel sauce, basically covering everything to the point that you couldn't even see the avocado on top. The ultimate salmon roll, which is chopped up bit and pieces of leftover salmon from nigiri and sashimi with more salmon on top of the roll. Again that was fairly bland and since they put a bit of fresh lemon juice on top to preserve the color of the sliced salmon, it created a reaction where the fish tasted sour and ripe. Definitely not what you want to taste if it is supposed to be fresh fish. Service was bad with little or no attention from the 2 teenage waitresses for the entire restaurant. So what was the damage for this nightmarish meal you might ask?? The bill came out to $70 including tip. I am not a thrifty person when it comes to eating and I understand everyone needs to make money, but my money will be spent at another sushi restaurant and no longer at Lahaina Grill.
4	great service at the bar, really good happy hour prices & good food. I'll be back early & often.
1	Sushi wasn't too fresh and bartenders not so friendly or attentive. Ordered California rolls: nothing better than what you could get at a local supermarket.BBQ eel rolls tasted fishy and mushy.Rainbow Roll in the Dark: a traditional rainbow roll with a garlic, masago ponzu...sounded better than it tasted.Tempura ice cream: too heavily breaded and too sweet. Overpriced as well.I will not be going back....
3	Decent Japanese faire...good happy hour!
4	love their sushi! i eat there about 3-4times a week! they have a good happy hour too!
1	It seems that some things never change. I was a frequent visitor when they first opened and enjoyed the menu variety. I ate here 1 time a week various times and days back in the begining. They lost me for good today.It all starts with the service for me. Lahaina Grill always struggles in this department 5 years later. Be it the Sushi Chef's or the  wait staff.I woke up last night at 8 pm and wanted Sushi too late to drive to Trop and Topaz so we decided to try Lahaina Grill again after not having been in 2 years. It has become"Leo's wok and roll" but maintains the brand of Lahaina Grill. The Sushi Chef  was a 4 day old employee. He was not attentive,his rolls were small and everything had a sauce that tasted like the last sauce. We could get no connection with him. Never introduced himself. Spent his time watching the all stars game or on his phone.Did not care for his hygine when handling the fish as well we were sitting right there and he did a few things a good sushi chef would never do.The wait staff was better but again I have to ask for chopsticks and a napkin when I sit down. The place was dead also so you think that they would drive you nuts with service.I dont ever want to write negative stuff about a place but after more than a few visits and at least a thousand plus dollars I own this one,Last nights tab 75.00  I left and picked up a burger at In & Out on the way home.
3	good food, fun, good drinks, ok setting
4	If you are having a late night craving for sushi this is the place to go. I think they stop serving at 4am. I don't know if they still have the sign outside saying they serve sushi 24 hours . If you see it don't believe it....call first. My first trip here I thought it was true because there was this huge sign but to my dismay they said they didn't. A couple of weeks ago I brought a friend here for dinner. I called first to make sure they started serving sushi before I drove over there. My friend is pretty picky about restaurants I thought I was going to hear that the sushi is not good here or something to that effect. She actually liked the food and was impressed with Lahaina. I've always liked the food (I've only been here twice though). The service was okay despite the fact the waitress knocked over my Coca Cola and almost got it on my phone and purse. I'm empathetic though...I know I'm pretty clumsy too so I didn't hold it against her. My friend and I shared: The Mexican Roll - It was a wet spicy roll The Lisa Lisa- Had crunchy Tempura on the outside They were both really tasty. Lahaina is a pretty nice place to hang out . The decor looks rocky with Wyland sea life like pictures on some of the walls. It 's relaxing and they don't rush you out....if you are the next American Idol they also have Karaoke.
5	One of two of my favorite sushi places located in the middle of the desert!  Located on the west side, Lahaina Grill caters to the locals of Summerlin and the surrounding area.  The 24 hour sushi is no longer available but they do still serve it up until 4am.Lots of special rolls to choose from on their menu...one of my favorites, the Lahaina Special (of course.)  They also have a happy hour sushi menu that is quite an excellent value.  The interior is unique (in a good way) with a tropical setting and the restaurant is clean.  There is a full bar with video poker machines built in, a sushi bar (no machines) and plenty of table seating throughout.  There's also a private room that can be reserved for meetings and parties that is sealed off with big windows and doors so you can be as loud and rowdy as you want without disturbing other patrons.  I miss my old company's monthly meetings in there.  I really enjoyed being able to order sushi at 9am on a weekday during a business meeting or rolling in at 3am after a night of partying craving sushi.  Well worth the drive to the west side if you happen to live east of the Strip.
3	I was disappointed when we went to eat here last night. The restaurant is pretty large, and the decor is engaging and interesting, but that's one of the only good things about this place. The service was awkward and a little slow, the hostess and the server were apathetic at best.The sushi was so-so, and had a fishy, not-so-fresh smell. I've heard that complaint before, and chalked it up to people just being sensitive about the general scent of sushi, but I've never noticed the smell at any other sushi restaurant I've been at. The only plus side was the happy hour pricing.I probably won't return to this restaurant.
4	I have a special place in my heart for Lahaina.  It's the first place I really learned to like sushi.  With that being said though, I don't know that Lahaina is authentic as it gets.  To me, their sashimi and nigiri is a bit overpriced, but it is delicious and the fish quality is good.  What Lahaina is known for are their rolls.  They have a huge book full of every kind of fancy, fried, spicy, etc. roll you could ever want.  I love their Las Vegas roll and their Hot n Wild Spicy Tuna roll.  Their Happy Hour and All You Can Eat specials are superior to most places I've seen.  Whenever I'm back in the Vegas area and am craving "junk food" sushi, I hit up Lahaina (and believe me, that occurs more often than I'd like to admit).
3	A gaming tavern and sushi bar? I ain't gonna lie, the thought scared me since quality food and gaming taverns usually don't equate. But, this place isn't half bad and for the price I might actually come back. Happy hour is the time to come here (3-7pm and 10pm-4am) because their sushi and rolls are 50% off and draft beer is $2! Newcastle and Fat Tire for $2!Our order consisted of yellowtail nigiri, tuna nigiri, a caterpillar roll, spicy tuna roll, and their Ultimate yellowtail roll. Everything was pretty average, but again it's cheap! I've had better hamachi elsewhere and their tuna nigiri was seared tuna on top of rice instead of raw tuna. The spicy tuna was truly spicy and then some. The caterpillar roll was light on eel and the Ultimate yellowtail roll had plenty of yellowtail, but again, not the best I've had.Service was excellent. Our server, Tony, provided the kind of friendly and personable service that made us instantly like the place and made the whole dining experience enjoyable. Why can't more places find servers like him?If you're looking for top notch sushi, you're better off going to Naked Fish or a handful of other spots in the area. But for great service and cheap sushi this is where you want to spend happy hour.
4	Delicious food at a fantastic price!Currently, On the weekends it's happy hour all day, which mean 50% off all sushi on the menu and $2 draft. Such an amazing deal and friendly staff.
4	I only give it four because it's pricey as hell...other thn that I just love it in there.The walls are like being in a cave in hawaii with portals that have a view of ocean creatures floppin around. sat at the sushi bar with kiddo. it was happy hour-had miso soup, cucumber salad, rock n roll. kid had california roll. All were great, though I don't frequent sushi bars too often (cheap ass). they have a separate karaoke room that i must partake in some day. aside form sushi, there is a full bar to sit at, or a restaurant portion that is sunken in. Just beautiful place.
2	For a restaurant with murals of Shamu and Flipper on the wall, Lahaina is suprisingly good.  Well, it was.   There was a time, back in ye olde early 2011, that Lahaina had a Chinese Menu and semi-extensive sushi menu.  Those days are over.  The Chinese menu is gone and the sushi menu has been whittled down to one page.  I guess it's to implement the new all-you-can-eat service?  Sometimes, change is bad, very bad.Lahaina never was that great, slightly overpriced with mediocre sushi.  But you could get said sushi at 3 am! And you could get decent Chinese food (their house sizzing noodle plate was crazy good) and play video poker SIMULATEOUSLY.  The changes basically got rid of the restaurant element of Lahaina, making it a pub that serves california rolls.  I'll miss you Shamu and weird, sparkly ceiling!
4	seems like there is new ownership. i've always likes this place for its easy going atmosphere and they have managed to retain this style even with new mgt..Food is good, and they now boast a great happy hour menu.
3	I have been here many times before and loved the place, but recently with the addition of the all you can eat menu I was disappointed!  I will give it another try but it has sadly gone back a few stars. Also since the down economy it had to cut back the 24 hour sushi, so sad considering I used to enjoy a late night snack!
4	The rating is more like a 4.5. I have driven by this place numerous times and finally decided to stop by last Friday. Its a nice place inside with a gaming bar sushi bar and dining area all separate. The rolls and drinks are 1/2 price on the weekends and its 24.99 for AYCE. The sushi is yummy with good flavors, textures, and sauces. Our waiter was a very nice guy who told us his name is Jose which was laughable but for some reason works for him LOL Anyways the sake bombs and beers are cheap and they are on it when it comes to refills! Its a clean place which is a key point for me and my hubby. It wasn't very crowded but the few that were in there seemed to be enjoying themselves. Ill definitely be going back since its close to home and just plain yummy. To me the Alaskan roll and the Lisa Lisa are just so good. While the husband enjoyed the Hot & Spicey which had a garlic sauce on it that was too full of vinegar for me. Cant wait to come back again!
4	I found this place by googling "24 hour sushi Las Vegas" one drunken night when the place we usually go to was closed. A fiend was in town and his last night wanted sushi. With my wife as designated driver we went to this place and it was great. All you can eat for 25 dollars was taken advantage of by all of us. The quality of the fish was top notch; the salmon almost melted in your mouth. The selection of sushi for the AYCE is much smaller than I would like but what you can order from is really good. I keep the fifth star off because I want to head back again more sober and earlier in the evening. But I am confident it will taste just as good.
4	Happy Hour All Day Friday-Sunday! We decided to stop in here for a late lunch on a Saturday. Everything was 50% off! I pass by Lahaina Grill at least a couple times a week and I've never stopped by, so I was fairly excited to try a new place. The decor is actually quite pleasant inside, not your typical bar/restaurant. We decided to have a couple orders of nigri and the Crouching Tiger Roll, Spicy Scallop Roll, Caterpillar and the Lahiana Roll. We had asked the sushi chef what he recommended, but he said he doesn't eat sushi, which is a lil strange to me. Overall, everything was good, rice was a bit funky (but sushi rice can be difficult to make), but I know I will be back. It was about 40 something bucks for our 4 rolls and 3 orders of nigri.
3	I used to be a regular when the restaurant first opened, prices were always on the high side but between the unique rolls and fantastic freshness I always felt it was worth it. I moved across town so have not been here in a while, but did stop in last month.  The bar was empty, service was slow and fish was not like I remember it.
2	I was craving sushi. At 1am. In Summerlin. The closest place to scratch that itch was Lahaina Grill. Kudos for being open until 4am everyday and having a reverse happy hour! That's probably the best thing this place has going for it.Everything about this establishment was just average, or slightly below. The atmosphere is nice, certainly interesting. The main dining area resembles a grotto with some Wayland looking murals here and there and a starry roof that could entertain you for quite a while if you're easily amused.. as I am.Service was friendly and the waiter kept my iced green tea full, but I was being checked on by two different waiters and eventually it was the busser who brought my check. Good team work?The sushi was not very good. I had several varieties of nigiri which were all average with the exception of the albacore (mushy, grainy) and the ono which was waterlogged. Their spicy tuna roll is of the chunky variety, whereas I prefer the pate style. It was barely spicy enough and left a funk in my mouth for a while afterwards.As excited as I was to find a sushi place near me that was open until 4am.. it didn't satisfy the craving in the least, and unfortunately I won't be back here. I'd rather make the drive across town to go to another sushi place where the last seating for AYCE is 2am.. I think you know who I speak of.
3	It's a nice venue, kinda unnoticed as I guess they've been there for about 5 years. We went for drinks and dinner with friends, waited at the bar for a bit and ordered cocktails while we more of our party arrived. We arrived towards the end of Happy Hour and the drinks were priced nicely. $6 for a Ketel vodka and a soda. Staff was very nice and attentive.We got the All You Can Eat sushi dinners and tried several different rolls, all of which were pretty tasty. Some we liked so much we got second orders of. Selection was fairly basic Sushi derivatives. I didn't see anything special or unusual. They also didn't have much of anything else, so if you come with someone who isn't a sushi fan (like my wife), they will be very limited as to what they can choose from. The dinners also came with Miso Soup and Spring Rolls. Pricing was pretty average, High $20's for the dinner. For dinner and drink, plan on $40-50 a head. We over ordered at the end and they didn't slap us with overage on the two half eaten rolls we left, so that was a plus. My wife ordered just some white rice and the teriyaki beef, no other stuff that normally came with the dinner, but they still charged her full dinner price, pretty bogus.As we left, the manager asked how things went and gave us some free drink tickets for a return trip. I hear they are open late and they have a late night, reverse Happy Hour, so we'll need to scope that out. It's a nice place near where we live, I can say I'm pretty sure we'll be back.
4	We went in for the 50 percent off Happy Hour and ordered three sushi rolls...salmon lover's, spicy scallop and jalapeno roll (sauce on side)  Very good value, attentive staff and convenient -- plenty of parking; close to home!  Hope the happy hour deal lasts!
2	One of my favorite Sushi houses in the Valley. Food is high quality for an all you can eat and they have some of the best Yellowtail Sashimi I have found in Vegas. Being open 24 / 7 and having a 72 hour Happy Hour Fir - Sunday would make me want to give the place 5 stars.Sadly I can not do this. Even though I have been eating here a couple times a week for 3 months and regularly bring larger business groups with me it seems that management has decided that NO ONE IS TO BE TRUSTED and that all customers are potential thieves.I went in last night for dinner with my wife and they now have a strict policy that all members of the party must either do happy hour or all you can eat. If not then you are required to sit at the sushi bar where they can watch over you like children at the children table. Sadly this insulting disrespect after having been such a loyal patron has left me unwilling to take my business to Lahaina Grill any more
4	LaHaina is one of my favorite Sushi Spots, especially since they always have Happy Hour Sushi, and their rolls are half off. It is really fun to go during the weekend at night time, since they offer a full bar with gambling, a bunch of TV's and games you can play. The sushi bar is separate from the bar, and they even offer couches you can sit on if you prefer to eat your sushi in a more comfortable setting. Me and my girlfriend usually go here about once a week. They also offer all you can eat Sushi as well! Their crouching tiger roll and Lisa Lisa roll is amazing :) The only complain I could make is they have one Sushi Chef who is a women ( no offense ) but every time she is there I will leave- because every time she makes my sushi it always falls apart, and I hate when sushi falls apart. I prefer the other sushi chefs who I am never disappointed with. Other than that, it is a really hip and modern place with great Sushi at a great price :) (PS- their ceiling has stars all over it and their decor is beautiful LOVE LOVE LOVE IT)
2	I love lahaina!  i think they have delicious sushi.  Happy hour ALL DAY on fri - sat - sun    that says to me good sushi for cheap on weekends.  Whats to complain about?!The waitress i had last 2 times was absolutely just a sweetheart.  She was very tentative about us and you can tell she was just so sincerely trying her hardest to make us happy.  Great customer service with her.  I think her name was Kelly?  I'm posting this a bit after my visit so it's hard to remember.  They have a bar and football games on the tv as well and they have a room for karaoke?!   I donno bout you all but i'm a little curious to check it out. Might be fun for a night with the gang to hang out eat cheap sushi and sing your heart out.Over all i love this place.  Only reason i dont 5 star it cause i dont know if it's "as good as it gets"  but it's pretty darn up there.  i'd 4.5 it if i could.Edit as of 4-20-13!!:They no longer serve all day happy hour.  It was the one thing that my friends and i came for.  Yes they still have a happy hour but it's more regular times and not 50% off.  I came here as a treat for not AYCE cheap and delicious sushi.  Is it still tasty?  Yes! But to rich for my blood anymore.  I can find somewhere closer to go to.
5	Loved it here!My friends and I initially saw this place in passing one night driving down Hualapai and anytime I see a Hawaiian named place I get curious (I'm from Hawaii so I can't help it). So we made it back one Friday night and were very pleasantly surprised by pretty much everything. The establishment was clean and they let us pick our table -- so we sat "under the stars" in this cornered off section towards the back of the restaurant. Pretty cool concept. Ok, so this place has Happy Hour ALL DAY on Friday and Saturday which is half off all sushi. Big A+++ in my book! We ordered pupu style (to share) the Lisa Lisa roll, Alaskan roll, spicy lobster roll (my favorite of the night) and the Hawaiian calamari (one of the BEST calamari I've had to date!) Our server was AWESOME. Super friendly and very attentive and helpful. I wish I could recall her name... Nina?  Something like that lol. Their menu is pretty impressive. Aside from their sushi rolls, they have a variety of appetizers and Hawaiian style food (plate lunches), which I want to make my way back for to try. They also have an all you can eat sushi menu.Definitely worth checking out and I will definitely return!
4	This place is great, whether it's for lunch or midnight run... They are open 24 hours and they have a great happy hour menu. $2 beer (imported) and $ 5-7 sushi rolls (descent). The customer service is always good. I would and do recommend this restaurant to my friends and family.
4	Food is consistent - service is fantastic!  Bartenders (Kay, Christina, Bob) take care in getting to know their customers so when you return, you don't even need to place your order!  Sign up for their FREE SLOT PLAY mailings and maybe you could be a winner!  I definitely recommend the Lahaina Roll!  HALF PRICE MENU FRIDAY SATURDAY SUNDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  OPEN 24 Hours, too!  Have made some cool friends and having some good times at LG.
2	Yet again, another place that I really wanted to like.  Its a bit far from my home but it came with really really high recommendations from SEVERAL of my friends.   But sadly it was again not to be......(Side note,  I really need to write some positive review, I look like a complainer on here!) Yet again, the staff was friendly, funny and extremely personable.  If I could rank the attitude of the staff I'd give it 5 stars!  Our server was fun but couldn't seem to keep my drink refilled (grand total 2 refills in 1 1/2 hours).  The time from order to eating was REALLY fast (which, in retrospect should have been a clue).  The fish was not fresh... I mean NOT fresh, the flavors were very flat, and the sauces (particularly the eel sauce) tasted close to pond water.....lightly flavored. I'm also a bit petty about green-tea ice cream.  When done well it is unlike any ice cream in the world.  The green tea ice cream we were served was blasphemous.  In Japan I'm pretty sure you'd be arrested for serving something like that,  let alone charging us for it when it was obvious (by the barely touched bowls) that we found it offensive to the tounge (and to green tea ice cream everywhere).To sum up,  the only thing that prevented this from being a 1 star review was the staff.  Sadly for them,  the place is a restaurant, not a frat party....I rate by the quality of the food, not the quality of the guests......unless they are female....and sadly,  the only hotties there were 1: with us and 2: already spoken for.
4	The sushi is very good.  Lisa Lisa and Crouching Tiger are my favorite
2	Ok listen, I've been putting this off because I wanted to give them a chance but now it's time.  I live just a few minutes away from this place and I used to come here late at night for the happy hour 50% off sushi.  Since they started the all you can eat, I have now used up my first full stamp card (11 visits) and this place has consistently gotten worse since May.  I will give credit to the servers, they are nice (a little overbearing at times only because the place isn't very busy and they usually have nothing to do) I always sit at the counter too.  A few weeks ago I went in at dinner time, placed my order and received part of it, and I was waiting for the rest.  No sushi chef around he was busy talking and leaning against the back counter , another chef came up to me and asked how things were and I said "I"m STILL WAITING, you're very slow tonight!"  he said yea it is (thinking I was talking about that business is slow), he then walked away and went back to talking to the 1st chef that had made only half my order.  A 3RD sushi chef came over and asked how I was and I said again "I"M STILL WAITING ON MY ORDER! and literally told him what I'm waiting on. I said I've been sitting here waiting for him and pointed to the other chef to finish my order."  He apologized and made the rest of my order for me.   This was not the first time this has occured either.  They have a female sushi chef and she often leaves her station and walks around and I have to sit and wait to place my additional orders almost 10 min wait in between before she even comes back to the counter and the other chefs look at me while I'm waiving my paper at them and they don't even stop their conversation.   I often order hand rolls and on 3 different visits they accidently made me a cut roll instead.  I even said to them what is the problem? I circled it on the paper and she said yea he gets confused because most people don't order hand rolls.  So my last 3 visits I circled hand rolls and literally scratched out cut roll so they didn't make a mistake when reading my paper.  How about quality of food - Good - Scallop RollSpicy Tuna Spicy SalmonThat's really about it. Their sauces including eel sauce is thin, flavorless and nasty. Their is nothing yummy about their yum yum sauce. Their quality of eel isn't all that good, their yellowtail is horrible compared to other places.  What disappoints me is they never used to be this way.  They have steadily gone down hill since May.  and it definitely shows in their business. I have seen less and less people in there each time I go.   I have gone at dinner time around 6, or 7 pm and I have been there at times around 8 or 10 pm and more often then not, I am 1 of only 3-4 people at the counter and only 3-4 tables of people eating in the dining room.  Thanks but I'll stick to sushi mon, hikari sushi and even better yet the new sushi goyemon (they are FANTASTIC) Goyemon has very nice service, GREAT sushi chefs and their rolls and appetizers are are incredible. They have appetizers that you won't find anywhere else unless u were eating at a 5 star sushi restaurant on the strip. and their all you can eat price is the same as anyone else's $27.95 and the place is ALWAYS packed.Sorry Lahaina but you're yet another victim of places off my list to goto.  You aren't good enough to compete with the others here in town.  and for those of you who think this place is good, for the same money goto sushi mon, hikari or sushi goyemon and you will see a noticeable difference.
5	Before the economic crunch, this was the only 24 -hr sushi joint on the west side.  Now they've come back with even better deal;  sushi happy hour and fair late night hours.  If you want a roll with a shot  of tequila or sake, this is one of the few sushi joints with a full bar.... 24-hr gaming bar to be exact!   think it's the only one of its kind on the west side.  The sushi is great.  Prices you can't beat. And the dining room makes you feel like you're dining on a Hawaiian beach at night, with twinkling stars in the sky and all!  It's very quaint.  Me & my boyfriend's place to be.  I think he's not far from being the Duke
5	Im definately a fan of Lahainna Grill. Not only is it down the street from my house, but it's one of the best late night hotspots on the SW end of Vegas. You always get 50% off on sushi rols and more, along with some great music and good vibes. There's usually a good mix of people there as well, but for the most part......young people (21-35) tend to run this place. Plenty of places to sit and eat, along with a nice, casual dining area with a kickass starlight ceiling (take a look when you get there). The only complaint I have is that the music is a bit TOO loud on the weekends (like strip club loud) and Im not usually one to complain about loud music at all but it's a freakin bar for christ sake!The service, bartenders, and all around atmosphere are step above most other bars around me on the SW side. Seems to always have a great crowd even on weekday nights!
5	first and foremost I LOVE THIS PLACE! by far the best sushi restaurant/atmosphere in las vegas. it has the best of both worlds, amazing food, great bar with gaming and its always happy hour. Every time my friends and i come we sit at the sushi bar with Olivia, my favorite sushi chef! Shes amazing! Its always a fun and great time every time we come in.
4	Most ridiculous happy hour ever! $3 shots of Jameson, Patron and Jager?! $2 drafts of 10+ different beers... 1/2 off sushi.... need I say more? Oh yea, this ridiculously amazing happy hour is ALL DAY  Friday, Saturday and Sunday.The sushi wasn't the best I've ever had, but considering how cheap everything is, it made it taste a lot better. Can't wait to return with some friends and take full advantage of this happy hour. We will definitely be taking a cab home!
4	Delish!! Always get the LaHaina Roll!! They have happy hour @ 10pm =]
4	4 stars for the value and service. 3 stars for the food.Lahaina grill always seems to be offering some sort of happy hour, or deal or special.  Currently they are offering 50% all sushi all day every day through football season.  Bananas!!!!This worked out perfectly for us! We wanted some sushi last night but didn't want to go AYCE.  We ordered 4 rolls, miso soup, crab rangoons, cucumber salad, and ice tea for $35.  Sweet!Everything was A-OK.  It certainly isn't the best sushi but it is fine and for these prices a winner in my book.  The crab rangoons were a pleasant surprise.  We decided they must be baked because they lacked any residual oily greasiness.  The tootsie roll was too sweet, the cucumber salad, strangely, had a peanut dressing.  It's pretty funky inside with a starry ceiling, tropical foliage and dolphin murals covering the walls.  They are lots of seating choices with a huge bar and spacious dining room.  They offer the happy hour specials in any seat.  That's nice.
5	My husband and I were searching for a new AYCE sushi place last friday night. Have driven by Lahaina Grill many times without stopping in. Read some yelp reviews and decided to give it a shot.Great sushi, fun atmosphere, fantastic service!We sat at the sushi bar. Happy to report that the sushi chefs are friendly, open to suggestions and very quick with our order. Liked that there was no time limit, draft beers are only $1 with AYCE (we love Stella but have NEVER found it for $1 anywhere in Vegas) and they didn't overstuff the sushi with rice.They were a bit limited on the nigiri selections and we were disappointed to get unagi served cold and uncrispy. But, the salmon nigiri was buttery and delicious and yellowtail wonderful too. Loved their roll selections, especially the jalapeno roll. Not too spicy for my husband and the flavors were great.Best order of the night.......a spicy tuna roll (nigiri style, not chopped) with level 20 spiciness. Not habanero hot, but very delicious. Hot the spot for me and the sushi chef was pleased that I enjoyed my order instead of "not being able to handle the heat".And our server was so energetic and fun! Checked in on us regularly to ensure we had drinks, were enjoying our sushi. Really nice guy who obviously enjoys his job.FYI to all you yelp readers!!!! They are discontinuing the AYCE after Valentines Day and replacing it with Hawaiian tapas, so if you like AYCE with a good atmosphere, fun sushi chefs and good food, go SOON!
3	When the craving for sushi hits, I am worst than a pregnant woman. I will pester, poke, and whine until someone gives in and goes with me. My friend had a coupon that stated that they were doing 24/7 half off happy hour until the Super Bowl. We decided to go during lunch and it was reasonable for $19.95. The coupon stated that we would get two dollars off, but it was not taken off. No big deal. We didn't bring it up. It doesn't even make a difference in this review. What alters my perception of this restaurant is the quality of rice and how everything is drowned in a garlic ponzu sauce. The rice was overcooked to the point of mushing together when rolled and pressed. Combine anything other than tempura and add ponzu created no texture throughout. The favorite was the Spicy Tarantula Roll because the diced up tempura gave the roll a crunch. The wait staff was super friendly and attentive. We were the only ones on the sushi side, but he made sure we were taken care of. We were told that after Valentine's Day a new tapas menu will be introduced. With a new executive chef, there will be some renovations, but AYCE will still be around. Tip to my Hawaiian friends, (::cough:: Nelson Q. ::cough::) they plan to have Malasadas. Today they had Banana Lumpa and a White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Brownie as a preview of what's to come. We got the latter and their concept of tapas is astray. It could easily fed four people. Like Robyn L. stated, the service is the star. Hopefully with this new concept, the food will be on par. Unlike most of the other AYCE places; they don't offer a wide selection of apps, desserts, or complementary tea with the meal.
4	Super nice staff, very attentive waitress, not overly such though either. Can't beat the happy hour (all day every day, should be called happy hours) $3 drafts and half off many things.Food was good. the spicy roll I got was decent, was a little loosely rolled so kinda fell apart a bit but taste wise was good. Their wasabi wasn't as spicy as I like though.We tried a few of their 'tapas':-The braised short ribs: good flavor, tender. -The shrimp tempura was ok, just 3 shrimp and mostly veggies, for the price though it's decent. Could've been a little crispier.-Chicken sticks - grilled skewered chicken breast, a little dry and overly salty for my tastes.-Pork sliders (or pig sliders as they call them) these were the best of the bunch. Tender shredded pork, drizzled with a bit of tangy bbq sauce. All in all, between my girlfriend and I, with a couple of beers plus food, the bill was under $45
4	So I thought I would make Lahaina Grill my FIRST review even though I've been a Yelp member for a while and eaten at many places. Upon entrance of Lahaina I was very impressed with the atmosphere  its very nice and laid back for a sushi place but I was really taken away by the fact that it has a full service bar with gambling. Its not an AYCE sushi place anymore but their ridiculous happy hour make up for that. My g/f and I thought the calamari and sushi was bomb. The service was good and we will definitely be coming back here again.
4	Can't argue with the half off happy hour all day and even late night (til 4am I believe). Most of my visits have been past 2am after a couple rounds of drinks elsewhere and the food has been delicious. Sometimes the rolls are loose and fall apart and the fish cuts are a little sloppy but overall good sushi for the price and convenience.
4	This place is great. The food is good, the prices are excellent, and the staff tries hard.I am deducting one star because 3 out of the last 4 times I've gone there, I get a new waiter that does not know anything about the food.  They're happy to help out when they figure it out, though...I will definitely return
3	MEDIOCRE STRIP MALL SUSHI AT ITS FINEST. Lahaina used to have an "all you can eat" deal (Which is tragic but delicious after a long night out) ... I was informed by our server that this was discontinued because they wanted to "emphasize their hot dishes" and not just "cater to the people who want all you can eat sushi"OK... So you alienate you base clientele by getting rid of what was, no doubt, your best selling option in order to push food that I don't want? Interesting business model... let me know how that goes for ya. The food is VERY average. Fresh enough, but nothing special. DRINKS ARE CHEAP so thats good... I guess.
2	I'm sorry but I gotta say if you are a sushi lover, you are not going to like this place. There are only few selections on Nigiri Rolls, and the fish were not that fresh. It's a spot for drinks and games, but not for food.
2	Went here in on a Friday for the sushi heard great things about their happy days menu: half off sushi on Friday, Saturday, Sunday. The regular prices for the sushi are a bit higher than most other sushi restaurants. But the 'happy days' prices makes it worth a try. We tried the Spicy tuna wonton, hotegai, Lahaina lobster roll,and malasadas. We also tried the sake sangria. The pickled Ginger that accompanies the wasabi smelt like day old wet rag and tasted as such. The wonton chips has a good flavor profule. You get the crunchy textures of the won ton and the mild spice from the tuna but the texture of the ahi was mushy. We ordered the Lahaina lobster roll based on a suggestion from our server Nina. I don't prefer cream cheese with my sushi. They belong on bagels and cheesecake but not my sushi. Our fault though for not checking to see what was in it before ordering it. Also there was a weird taste in the lobster roll almost bitter that caught me by surprise and it was only in one piece of the roll. We decided to finish dinner with the malasadas and that was a complete miss. The ice cream tasted as if it was not the best quality. If you've ever had fresh malasadas. Imagine biting into a warm delicious buttery biscuit like sugar doughnut. I don't know what we got but it wasn't malasadas. I would give 5 stars! for the amazing service we got from Nina. She was very courteous, prompt, made suggestions since it was my first time, and she made herself available but not intrusive as me and a friend caught up.On the plus side they are open 24/7. Next time i'll be back for drinks. My advice, skip the sushi.
1	Have you ever been to a restaurant and you REALLY want to like it? But no matter how many chances you give them they fail to deliver. 24 HOUR sushi, drinks, Hawaiian food? Whats not to love?This is actually a revision of a previous review. I thought 2 stars was generous but since my recent visit i'm taking back my one star. This time we went on a Saturday night with a group of people. Split checks are expected and late arrivals as well. Our server Avatar came to greet us and we placed our orders in. The items from both the kitchen and sushi bar came out staggered. I was distracted by the awesome company that after half an hour I realize my order hadn't come out. I glanced over eat the sushi chefs and they were fist pumping away. We flagged over our server and he looked at me like i didnt' order anything. There was no apology and i know for a fact he asked for my name when I ordered my beer. Either way there was no recovering from this. I had every  intention of ordering more drinks and food: a sangria and my Kahlua pork sandwich that never came. Sad to say I left a restaurant HUNGRY. I ended up spending more at a drive through than I did that night.
4	We have eaten here a few times but we often get sushi to go since it is a few blocks from home. There is a nice energy to the place and it get busy on the weekends. Overall the sushi I have had is good but pricey if you don't want to stay and eat. They do have specials if you dine in.
4	Note, I have not eaten here for lunch or other off-peak times. I have only been to Lahaina during traditional dinner times (7pm-9pm) and happy hour/early dinner times (5pm-7pm) and the sushi has always been excellent. My favorite order is just regular salmon (sake) sashimi. A huge plate of it. Their Ultimate Salmon rolls and Ultimate Hamachi rolls are very good too. The salmon, everytime I've been here, is beautifully colored with healthy lines of fat and has that wonderful taste and texture that you expect from excellent raw salmon.Service has always been very good for me as well. The decor is a little strange with the "star-lit" ceiling and such, but it's a solid sushi option when in the Summerlin area.
4	This place has REALLY good sushi and half price during happy hour!!  I went in a group and I really liked the restaurant layout and the food.  The pricing during happy hour is GREAT!!  Can't beat half priced sushi.  Looking forward to returning here
4	I admit, I didn't start eating sushi until I moved to Vegas over a year ago. This was my first place to try sushi and loved it. Started coming here about once a week and even began telling friends about it. When my daughter visits, she always wants to come here even though it's a little far from home (far for us Vegas residence). I still come here, but not nearly as much. I don't know if it's because I've eaten at other sushi restaurants lately, but to me quality has dropped recently. I can't complain about the atmosphere, price (one of the cheapest in town), service, and cleanliness. I still recommend this place to out of towners, but can't guarantee the consistency in taste and freshness.By the way, learned the hard way that this place doesn't serve food on New Years Day.
4	The food is Great.  Between the crab stuffed Jalapenos that are flash fried to the name sake Lahaina Roll.  Go here on a first date, anniversary or when you just want a treat.
3	Who doesn't like cheap sushi rolls? The only time I come here is when it is football season (and I am in town). College football of NFL. Why? 50% off ALL sushi rolls. Win!! This place is located pretty far off the strip, so mostly a place for the locals. But, if you're visiting Vegas and wanna venture off the strip for food, I recommend coming here for cheap booze and sushi rolls. The place is relatively empty and the service is pretty good. They come around often since there aren't many people. Hmm. What else can I say about this place? They have some pretty creative rolls. I can't think of any on the top of my head, but they do have a special ninja sauce if I remember correctly that they drizzle over the sushi. Pretty good. The reason why I give this place 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 is because the rolls are mediocre and pricey when it is full price. 12-16 dollars for a roll at regular price. It doesn't come with many pieces. The fish isn't as fresh as it can be (maybe I'm a bit picky because I come from sf), but I definitely have had better sushi rolls. But for someone craving cheap sushi rolls while in Vegas, this place isn't bad. I would avoid this one roll though. The Spicy Lobster something. It's supposedly fried on the outside loaded with "lobster" and drenched in sauce. It just kind of all mushed together in my mouth tasting like nothing. And in the end I felt pretty sick. But all the other times I've been there and got rolls, it wasn't bad. So don't let my one experience prevent you from coming, I do recommend trying the place.
5	This place gets 5 stars, not necessarily because it is the best Sushi in town, but because it is an overall a fantastic time, every time.The outside of this restaurant makes it look like a hole in the wall, don't let that deter you. The inside is charming and the good food and great service will have you going back for more.The sushi is yummy and also half off, so you are paying about $8-9 for large specialty rolls. The sushi quality is above average for what I've seen in Vegas, so this is a great deal. They have run of the mill rolls, or more creative ones if you are into trying something new. Be sure to try the Spicy Lobster roll if you like cooked rolls. It is hands down the best sushi roll I have ever had.You can also get cheap drinks. $3 beers on tap, $3 sake bombs, and reasonably priced sake bottles.The restaurant itself is very clean and the service is absolutely fantastic. The waiters are always around and check in frequently to make sure you have everything you need. The food comes fast and is well made every time. I've taken many people to this place when they say they want to try new sushi and no one has ever been disappointed. Definitely my favorite sushi spot in town.
3	Oh Lahaina! I never thought I would see a Sushi bar, lounge, cocktail bar & a couple poker machines under the same roof! This place is great to come with your friends and enjoy some happy hour priced items! Especially the drinks, what a steal! The food though is not something worth trying and the fish quality is not good! But when your drunk and having a great time any deep fried roll with cream cheese tastes amazing HAHA
5	Striker here... Insane sushi and sashimi!  You must ask for what is NOT on menu. Incredible hamachi sashimi with truffle oil and sea salt!  The secret hot tip is the yellow tail collar baked and served with ponzu sauce - The negi-hama hand roll chefs secret!  Best sashimi in Vegas hidden gem!
2	This place is convenient and cheap which is good, but the music is always too loud. We can't even have a decent conversation over our meal. We usually have good service but today our service sucked. We didn't once get checked on and my friends food came last minute. He was waiting forever for a salad... Not the best but okay for a late night bite...
3	I have eaten here a few times, and the food and service have been amazing. Tonight we were served by Nina
4	Was happily impressed! The decor is a little on the corky side, but the food makes up for it! Great rolls for cheap! The rolls are all 50% off all day and the other items are reasonable. I had the crouching tiger roll and will definitely have it again! The crab filled poppers are a must as well! Service was great, only down fall, it is way across town! But I will be back!
3	They offer a great happy hour..50% off majority of their rolls, not the freshest though. Tiger crunch is a must if you do ever stop here. However, service was horrible! Both the server and sushi chefs. No personality at all! In need of finding a new place to satisfy my sushi cravings.
4	Laid back atmosphere, fresh food, very open seating. Delicious food. Plenty of parking.
4	Disclaimer. I am really high right now, sitting at the bar of lahaina.I discovered this place from a coworker of mine, and it sounded enticing; 3$ shots and drafts. Half off ALL SUSHI till 400am. ( we got there at 1am). It was a buncher of cooks, servers, runners. We loved the sushi, absolutely delicious. Their handroll was plentiful and succulent. As far as the booze? Let's just say 3$ shots did us all in.Great, clean atmosphere with good bartenders (greg) and good servers, Lau, Marcus.My go to spot.
5	the best sushi place in las vegas! prices r amazing with great customer service! very happy!
4	Japanese lasagna a must get every time!Sake bombs coming up!When you get here ask for Nina she's better than MomJapanese lasagna!Great place, good sushi, would be better without the free loading, water drinking let's just hang out at the bar and not gamble chumps!
4	really good sushi, fast service with a smile. will be back!
5	This place is incredible! You owe it to yourself to try their "evil edamame"! Nothing anywhere else even comes close.I love their half price sushi and the hibachi salmon. Great prices, friendly service and dont forget the delictable coffee creme brulet
4	The spot to go to on those late nights you crave sushi!Rolls are bomb as usual, the cake's actually good too. The place does get rowdy at times, but that's from the people getting drunk, haha. Service was pretty fast, no complaints there.
2	This is one of those places that uses "tapas" as an excuse to serve up small portions at prices.I stopped by knowing this place was open late at night. It was mostly deserted except for a few people at the sushi bar. I thought it was interesting because all their sushi rolls are 1/2 all the time... Wait what? Doesn't that just make them regular price? Yes it does...Whatever though, I passed on the sushi and ordered up some Lahaina fried rice, orange chicken and sliders. What came out was a joke... Small cereal bowl portion of fried rice, about 5 pieces of orange chicken, and 3 extra small sliders (about half of the size you'd get else where. The food was average, and at $7-8 per dish not even worth it. Two people can come in, easily spend $40 and leave hungry.
3	What happened Lahaina?Lahaina definitely took a step down since the last time I've been here.  I use to think Lahaina had some of the best food with decent prices.  The prices have since changed.  This place use to sport a 50% all day Happy Hour.  Now, it's only 10%.  I had their Yellow Tail Nigiri, Salmon Nigiri, Tempura Shrimp Roll, and Spicy Tuna Hand Roll.  I didn't think the food was that great.  Both nigiris were small and the fish didn't taste as fresh as other sushi joints out here.  The Tempura Shrimp Roll was actually ordered on accident.  I didn't realize that this was a deep fried roll.  I thought it had too much tempura, which took over the taste of the actual roll.  As for their hand roll, this was the only thing that was fairly sized, but the tuna had a paste type texture.  Taste wasn't that great either.  If there was anything good about the food, it's probably just the price.  Even though Lahaina no longer has the 50% Happy Hour, the prices for everything is still pretty cheap. One hand roll, two sushi rolls, and four nigiris cost about $30.  This is not bad at all.It's the ambiance of the place that takes the biggest plunge.  After 11 PM, this place becomes a 21 and over hang out.  I thought everyone looked and acted even younger to the point that Lahaina reminded me of a teen club.  The music is dialed up so loud that I could barely hear the conversation that I was having with my friend. Because of all this, Lahaina now attracts a bunch of the young cats that were up to no good.  While outside, I was even approached at least three times and asked if I was a cop.  I guess I have that look, but it's more paranoia from this kids if you ask me.  Overall, I can no longer suggest this place to friends or family.  In the past, this is where I shipped them.  Now with all the other options in Las Vegas, Lahaina sits at the bottom.  The one thing going for Lahaina is their bar and hours.  Other than that, I think I will pass on Lahaina.
5	Amazing all around!!!!!! I cannot begin to say how impressed we were with this local place...A few friends have told me to try this out as a late night spot and I finally did last night!!! From the minute we walked in the door the experience was great.The bartender greeted us as soon as we walked in and offered us any seat we wanted... Our server Tony is experienced with customer service at the highest level, I say this because of the little things he did, like telling us about drink specials before we asked, telling us about dinner specials and offering us little details we would not have known because it was our first time...My husband went to the restroom at one point and stopped at bar to see what they had on Tap and the bartender was right there asking what he wanted.. He said he would let the server know and not to worry but she was insistent not to worry she would take care of it from there so whatever he needed she would get for him... Everyone was friendly, knowledgeable about customer service and just awesome, The food was great and the prices were even better!! We will be back and look forward to hanging out there again.
5	My roommate and I were in the mood for sushi late Saturday night and wanted to find a spot with a happy hour menu.  This was the first place that popped up that was close to home so we thought we'd give it a shot.From the time we walked in we knew that this was going to be our new favorite spot.  The vibe was just right.  Not too crowded well lit, and did I mention the music selection was on point?! Perfect place to pre-party if you ask me. I ended up ordering the Lisa Lisa Roll which was amazing and full of flavor. There were more rolls I wanted to try but being as though I had already had dinner I didn't want to over stuff myself, but that just gives me a reason to go back!
4	My kids and husband love sushi, but I'm not real fond of it.  We found lahaina and now everyone is happy.  They get all the yummy sushi they want and I can fill myself up on Kahlua Pig Rolls, Fried Rice, Spicy Edamame and I even like a few of the sushi rolls.My daughters love the Rainbow Roll and you can't go wrong with the Spicy Tarantula or the Spicy Lobster.  Honestly I haven't eaten anything here that I didn't like.My only complaint is that it seems a little pricey on some of the rolls based on the size.
4	Not your typical sushi joint for die hard sushi lovers, but definitely worth trying! Now serving breakfast and tapas! They have done a total remodel of this place. Still the same management. Now having 3 bars... 1 sushi bar, 1 sports bar and a video poker bar. A must try is the Lahaina roll, godzilla roll and kalua pig egg rolls!
2	Lahaina used to be a cool little spot.I don't know if they're under new management or what, but it's not the same anymore. They've added some new things to the menu that they could've left off, and took away the 50% off Happy Hour special they had. Now it's just 10%. The food was never really that great to begin with but now it's worse. It's just not fresh. The servers I was used to, have disappeared and been replaced with space cadets. I would come here at least 2x a week before. I keep going back every now and then to see if it's going to be any different. Sadly I've been let down. I hope they can get it together, it's a really cool place and they still have the best Evil Edamame.
4	I haven't been here in FOREVER. I've been meaning to get back to the spot though and visit an old co-worker SHOUT OUT TO GREG P.!! - Your late night bartender! Anyway, a few of us went after work and sat at a table in the bar. We had a friendly server and good sushi rolls and food! NOM NOM. Late night sushi/food/drinks/gambling!!! I will OBVIOUSLY be back!!!I guess they used to have all day happy hour or something but now it is 10% off however they did lower their initial price so the 10% is JUST a little more than what the all day happy hour prices were before so doooon't triiiip!!!
2	Been goin here for a few years now and always loved it. Great service and food. However, they changed their happy hour to 10% off instead of 50, that I was okay with because I loved it here. Now it's only 21 and up so that they can have a smoking bar. Who wants I enjoy a good meal with nasty smoke over their food? Will be finding a new place to take my business. Very disappointed with a resturant I would go to almost once a week.  I'm quite sad to not enjoy my Lahina special anymore.
2	This used to be my secret foodie spot for awhile, even before I started using yelp. I used to rock the happy hour here especially the late night that went from midnight to 4am. The service was always great, the chef always fun, and the drinks always flowing. Recently though, it's been different. After they killed off happy hour, the value factor wore off and the feeling wasnt the same. And around the same time the vibe really changed.  It's become less of a destination and more of a meh place. Ill definately give it more of a chance but I'm currently not impressed
3	Lahaina has gone through some changes as of late; the chinese menu has been replaced with a hawaiian local style menu and the sushi menu has changed as well. Fans of the Ninja Roll will be glad to know that it's still available but no longer shown on the menu. You have to ask for the Wok n Roll and request ninja sauce otherwise it will be served with just ponzu. No doubt the termination of the 1/2 off happy hour contributes to the drop in attendance but the hawaiian local menu may be a better fit for the late night patrons who haven't yet graduated to sushi.
5	Great food and great service!  Very happy and will visit there again.  Went there with my husband and daughter for her 22nd bday. The price was amazing for the quantity and quality of food.Tina Highberger
4	This place is one of the little known spots in Vegas. Food and drinks are very inexpensive and one of the only places I know to grab sushi while playing machines. The bartenders are great too. Very personable. Not as good a deal as it once was so it is losing a star for that.
4	After hours sushi is the best :) the environment is one to die for they have gambling and lots of new rolls to try.  only thing that would make this place perfect if they had all you can eat. i always go here to fullfill my late night craving and its also a great to keep your buzz going. I highly recommend going here sometime
3	Went here on a late night date. Cool ambiance, so will use for a first date night again (if I am in the area). Nothing food wise stood out. Cheap drinks, but you would probably come out cheaper at a ayce. Can be a bit of a drive from the strip, but if it is late, and all the other places are starting to close, this is not a bad choice.
5	24 hours and sushi until 4am! New breakfast menu and its yum. Love the pancakes even for late nights. Greg & Ron are great bartenders. Always giving me and my friends a great experience when we stop in. Sushi is good, i love the catepillar roll and the salads. Droollllll =P''' hehe LAU is my favorite server. Very attentive, funny, always getting everything thats needed for a delicious meal and experience. Must go!
4	Love this place... I miss the old owner though. I miss $1 pabst beers during football season! I still go but not as often as much as we used to! Prices were lower about a year ago. The quality is good but it's a little pricey.
2	Stopped going here with the management turnover and decision to go away from $1 pabst, low drink specials and 50% off sushi during happy hour.  If I do go, all the sushi is fair game as good, also since there is some hawaii fusion with the food, you gotta get the fried rice.  Yom!  Yom!!
1	Ok, so complete downgrade. I know this review is a little behind, but if you've been here before they had all you can eat 50% off 24/7. They changed this a couple months ago and I went in 2 days after they had made this change. It was really nice how the server made that clear so when I got my usual bill and it was double I wouldn't be surprised. Oh.. that's right I wasn't told so imagine my disbelief when my bill WAS DOUBLE!! What a joke, I could understand if it was a month or two later but two days in to your new menu and you don't tell your regulars about the 50% price increase? It was also cool to take the kids there every now and again but they changed that too, 21 and over only. The kicker was most of the good servers have left so I haven't even considered going back. Major bummer this was a great spot especially for late night.
4	Oh shizzzz they got rid of their dining area and turned it into a huge bar with a beautiful fish tank as the center piece.. Watch them on Animal Planet's show "Tanked!!!" So now they have 3 bars..1 of which is a sushi bar~ Any who stopped in after dinner with Soralala to meet up Jenny D, Pons E. & Fred M.. A big shout out to the awesome bartender Greg/Gregory who made our dranks all night~!!! CHEERS! and a big sorry to the old, annoying drunk man who I apparently was mean to ;]]]
5	Wow, Thank you guys! Great Service. Fresh Sushi. Good prices! New Bar looks awesome as well. I have been dining here with family and friends for over 3 years and you guys have definitely stepped it up! Our Bartender tonight was Andrea and she was super friendly and super awesome. Everyone, Lahaina is the real deal, Come dine in, great prices and a great experience. Awesome Sports Bar, and an Awesome Date night place, best of all worlds!
1	For lunch, this place sucks!!!!! Pretty much all you have is small ass breakfast items, tapas which barely qualify as tapas, and sushi. No lunch or dinner entrees. No lunch specials. Seems kind of odd not to have anything lunch related. Main complaint is that portions are really tiny. If you go with a group and want to share, tapas are a good idea. But if you're here for lunch, choose a different place. This is not a lunch spot. For drinks, sushi or dinner I have no opinion. But when your waiter has no clue what the hell Lahina is, tells me enough about this place. My coworker asks the waiter if the owners are from Lahina and the reply was, "it's some Hawaiian thing." Uh, what???
4	Was here about 5:30 pm to 8:30 pm on Mon/16 Dec with a few buddies for their Monday Night Football specials:- $1 drafts and they have a big draft beer selection (Blue Moon, etc)- 1/2 off their sushi rolls/etc, foods pretty good- Friendly staff/bartender- Nice decor with a fish tank in the center of the barI'll be back for sure.
2	Sushi rolls were small, but they were 50% off, so that was nice.  Restaurant in a bar, a sports bar.  Hard to enjoy a meal with a big TVs in the dining room, so if that's your thing, you'll love it here.  If not, like me, go elsewhere.
4	I feel like I've passed this place every day for the past 5 years and have never stopped in.  I'm pretty glad that I bit the bullet and just did it. I don't know exactly what I expected- I didn't really know that it was a sushi restaurant (with a breakfast menu?!).  I think I expected Hawaiian or something.  Regardless, it was indeed a sushi restaurant.  Very tropical in decor, with lots of tvs, a full gaming bar, and blasting the latest top 40 hits. The prices were all super reasonable, as well.My rolls were great, and I had no problems. The service was a little blah (how much extra for a smile, sir?), not especially personable, and they did mess up my friend's order (he's a vegetarian and ordered a veggie tempura roll and they gave him shrimp tempura). However, once that was sorted out, we were both happy.I think I'll return, it is convenient, tasty, and the price is right!
3	My good friend loves sushi and she keeps going to this place and speaks highly of it. I checked out YELP and read the reviews and yey- they have happy hour.  So my Prince E and I had to go and check it out. We went around 4pm (definitely during "happy-hour) and there was not much people there.  Some people around the bar and a very loud bartender with a potty mouth.  I can cuss like the next trucker but if you are in a nice restaurant- you would think you would keep the cussing down so it did not look like a dive bar.  Nobody around the sushi bar so we decided to sit there so we can an up-front view of magic.The Happy-Hour menu was very limited and still priced high.  (finishing this review on Feb 2014)Most of our experience, at least the details, I have forgotten.  But the main important thing that I do remember is I do not care for the place and don't care to go there again. ....sorry for the late ending.
4	Awesome food, great people, sweet enviorment..... sad they made it over 21. I used to enjoy taking my siblings and kids there with me
5	Great sushi love the Lisa Lisa roll. Open late with happy hour too!!! Love to drop by with friends and hang at the sushi bar. Only con is it is 21 and over. So have to do take out for the kids. Service is great!! Friendly staff make for a great experience.
4	This is my all time favorite sushi place! Food is amazing specially that Hot Garlic Roll! Literally down the street from my house so not worried about location. Food pricing is also very affordable. Sushi and gambling such a good combo!
2	I don't get all of the over the top reviews of this place.  Have any of you had sushi before?  I mean, its not terrible, but I certainly couldn't rate it any higher than a dozen or so AYCE sushi joints that cost a LOT less.We went in last Saturday about 7:30PM.  The place was all but empty.  The bar to the left was closed, the sushi bar had three people seated at it with two sushi chefs leaning against the counter, (with their back to the diners) watching a World Cup game.  The bar to the right had three or four patrons.  I'm always concerned about dead restaurants, especially sushi restaurants.  How long do they hold on to their food?  Can it possibly be fresh with no business?We sat down at the right side of the sushi bar, but had to move immediately from the smell of cigarette smoke coming from the bar.  I can't believe that they don't have any separation, (wall, divider, etc.) from the smoking area and the fresh sushi.  ugh.  We sat opposite of the bar and the smoke smell was considerably lessened.On to the food.  My wife isn't big on sushi, she orders off the menu while I indulge.  She ordered short ribs, fried rice and a roll.  The short ribs had a great flavor but were not properly prepared.  The greatest thing about short ribs is their tenderness from being cooked down - these were very tough and fatty.  Aside from the flavoring, they were some of the worst prepared short ribs I have ever had.  I would expect better from  Applebees, (I wouldn't order short ribs from Applebees).The fried rice was very greasy/oily.  I understand that it is this way inherently, but not this bad, it tasted oily.  My sushi was good - not great, but good.  If this place was AYCE for twenty something per person, I'd come back, but not for a bill that ran north of $100.  While everything tasted fresh, nothing wowed me.There are way too many options for great sushi in Las Vegas, Lahaina Grill isn't on that list for me.
5	Sushi here was pretty good, got a free role on the house and a free beer! They're open 24/7 so it's an excellent spot for night workers to go after their shift. Atmosphere was excellent and staff was quite friendly. I really enjoyed my visit here and I'll likely be there at least twice a week as my new after work hangout spot. I'd recommend this place to anyone!
1	I loved this place when I lived here and I always make sure to stop by and bring some friends here when I visit. The sushi was the BEST I have ever had until recently when I brought my 2 friends here for a belated Birthday dinner.The presentation was always something to look forward to but not anymore, the Chef just slapped it on some dishes with no flair or care, the sauces that I always brag about was missing or in a thicker consistency and the wonderful ponzu sauce was missing. It's been a wonderful 10 years but unfortunately I will no longer be coming here again or refer it to anyone else.
4	This place is just great. Not enough too things to say that other yelpers haven't. Great food, service and prices. Can't wait to get back and try more things from their menu.
4	The best thing about Lahaina Grill is they serve sushi 24/7. The bartenders and staff are always inviting and personable. Great spot off the strip to watch the games, eat, drink, and gamble.
5	Here's the deal been to sagos off the strip and lodge they all suck in every way compared to Lahaina  everywhere else charges 6$ a beer this place 3$  during non happy hour 2$ during happy hour your glass will never be empty unless u want it to be go there when Bob is working you won't be sorry during football great specials on drinks and food , forget your usual shit hole u drink at and just give it a chance if you don't like it I'll give you $20 gift card to bar of your choice, my name is David lares 7023089025, I'm 100% for real
