3	Little Village Grill may not look like much from the outside, and it's not exactly on the most happening street in Charlotte, but looks can be deceiving. Its menu isn't exactly extensive, either, but if you're in the mood for some quick food that doesnt taste cheap or unhealthy, or if you're looking to save up some cash for a fancier night out, LV Grill is the place to head. I always go with the Gyro; it's always perfect. The cheesburger pita is actually really good, too, but if you're picking up dinner, definitely stay with the easy Greek stuff. Good falafel, good gyros, good chicken wraps. All come with french fries, which isn't exactly authentic, but pretty tasty nonetheless. There's only a table or two inside, so don't plan on eating at the Grill. It's a strictly pick-up spot as far as I'm concerned. Again, though, it gets the job done when you're hungry. Grab a drink after you're done at the bar next door...
4	Little Village Grill is on the Trade St side of the Gateway Village parking garage. It's a small place with limited seating at a few outdoor tables. The interior is always immaculate, and the staff is always friendly when not too busy or alternatively efficient during the rush. While they have good burgers here, I really like the Greek items the best. The gyros are very good, as are the Greek salads. The cheeseburger pitas are another favorite of mine, and they're as good here as they are at that other place that's famous for putting burgers on a pita.The prices are also very good, maybe only slightly higher than most fast-food places while offering much better quality. I also like that the owners are the primary cooks here. I like supporting local businesses anyway, but especially ones where the owner is working for a living. That kind of hands-on involvement tends to assure that quality and service are maintained at a higher level than most.
3	I've had better more flavorful chicken gyro's, but for $8, the greek salad/chicken gyro combo sure beats any combo deal at Subway or Quiznos.If I wasn't watching what I ate, I'd probably go for the chili cheese fries and a burger - looked amazing. Service quick and friendly, place was clean, seats are limited. Note: they sell these decadent looking brownies too.... Accepts Visa/Mastercard and Cash.
5	Good, consistent food!  Fries are great - best around!  Great Gyros, Cheese Burgers, and Cheese Steaks -- everything I've order so far has surpassed my expectations!
4	I can eat here everyday. It's definitely feasible. The people are awesome. The food is delish. The service is quick. Never had any issues ordering from here.
4	Fantastic gyros...and cheap!! Great place, small little hole in the wall. You can tell by the long lines that form around lunch and dinner time.
5	Officially my new munchie spot
5	I just moved to the apartment complex nearby and am so happy to have this great little spot to grab dinner. The food is made-to-order, fresh and inexpensive. I love the lamb gyro with a few fries on it, delicious!
5	This place is great to eat.  I work uptown.  It has a wide vairety of food at competitive prices.  They are fast food, but you wouldn't know it.  Always very friendly and clean.  I eat here about 3-4 time a month.
5	Love it. I drove past it a thousand times before I realized it was there - it's TINY! Clearly, being uptown, there's nowhere to park. If you're lucky enough to grab a parallel spot then YAY. If not, you gotta get dodgy. But it's so worth it. Authentic, delicious greek food. I've been eating gyros since I was 5 and my dad tricked me into eating one - saying it was "juicy meat" not lamb. I pride myself on knowing a good juicy meat gyro and ooh buddy, THIS is a good gyro. Besides the gyro, the rest of the menu is phenomenal. Heavenly Baklava, delicious sandwiches and oh, did I mention the best Gyro in Charlotte? The staff is always cute and friendly, and the little outdoor tables are perfect for grabbing a quick lunch and being on your way.
5	You really can't go wrong with this place...great food, great staff, and great price.
4	I happen to work near LVG so I end up going here at least twice a week.  A pretty long menu that has all the typical short order food (burgers, fries, philly steak, etc.) However, if you don't get the pork gyro, then you are missing out on the point of this place.  The lamb/beef gyro is pretty good, but the pork one is amazing.  Flavorful, juicy, tangy....This place has a couple small tables if you are a couple, but for the vast majority of people it is takeout food.  Don't be afraid of the long line out the door, because they have the food prepared very quickly for doing it all to order.  I don't think I have ever waited for more than 5 mins.Prices are pretty cheap for what you are getting, but I guess if you don't have to have a dining room you can keep the prices low.It would be a 5 star for me if they did have a dining room, but the food is most def a 5.
4	One of the best Gyros I have had in Charlotte, the ratio of ingredients is done to perfection. I hate biting into a gyro and getting all sauce and no meat, never had that problem at LVG. The Greek Potato salad is also amazing, I had never even heard of that before and have not seen it anywhere else to compare but I seriously doubt it will be easy to top theirs. I guess the one downside is the lack of seating but that has never been a problem for me.
5	I really like LVG.  It is close for me to walk to at lunch, the prices and food are great.  I particularly like their cheeseburger but you an also get it "carolina style" which has chili, mustard, slaw and onions.  Their chili is very good, also on a carolina dog.  You can park in the deck next to the shop for free for 30 minutes or less if you have to drive.  Only time I don't like this place is when they close for a week or two and go on vacation!!!
4	Its hard to get 5 stars out of me and I don't always have valid reasons but this place came VERY close to getting 5 stars.  I love the fact that it is hidden to some extent and the fact that it is small.  After living in NY for several years I learned  to appreciate these types of restaurants/cafes.  The price is right and the portions are perfect!  I ordered the falafel and I like Kabob Grill's better BUT this was a VERY good wrap and I love the fact that it was offered on a wheat pita.  I wish it had hummus or tahini sauce on it but they went a different route.... They put onion, tomato, lettuce and tzatziki on theirs...which was still great!  I didn't try the fries but the people next to me no doubt caught me peeping their plate...the fries looked amazing!!  I should have just asked them for one.  lol!My friend got the cheeseburger pita wrap, which was unique in and of itself!  He thoroughly enjoyed it!!  He even paid a compliment to the chef after his last bite with a loud belch.  Once again, the people beside us must have thought were were incredibly wack.  But, we enjoyed OUR meals!  The best part of it all was the price.  I appreciate the fact that they serve fresh, tasy grub for a reasonable price.  Hats off to them and I WILL be back!!
5	What a great find...and a steal!  Huge, delicious sandwiches run only about $4.  Sides are about $2.  Most of the menu items are Greek-based, and Little Village Grill does Greek very well.  We tried their tasty, fresh lamb and beef gyros, full of meat, tomatoes, onions, and tzatziki sauce.  I even spotted the meat spit behind the cash register where they slice off pieces as needed, so you know it's fresh!  For sides, we tried the Greek potato salad (made with Greek oregano) and the new garbanzo bean salad with feta cheese.  The potato salad was good, but the garbanzo bean salad was definitely the winner of the two.  It had a lot of flavor (I think it's the cheese!) and chock full of bean protein.  We were too full to eat dessert there, too, but we did bring home some yummy, sweet, gooey baklava for later.  Little Village Grill is designed mostly for take-out orders, but they do have some limited seating indoors and out.   Everyone there is SO friendly.  It's fresh Greek fast food at its best!
5	I think their gyro, especially at $4 is a great deal. They make it quick and the meat is moist and fresh (tasting... you never know with those giant cones).I'm not going to say it's like amazing food and you should go here instead of kings kitchen or something but at 4.25 a pop, you can do this a lot more often and still be quite satisfied and sometimes that's worth 5 stars.
5	I haven't had a good gyro in a several years.  This place is quite good!  The smell alone should sell you.  Almost everything was under $5, too!  The price and the food makes this one of my favorites.  In fact, this is my first Yelp post as this place was good enough to make me want to share it!
4	little village is perfect for gyros! they are really, really yummy :) the inside is very small and has limited seating, but we sat on the patio outside. some water from one of the apartment balconies above dripped down on us but that's about the worst of it. prices are very reasonable and the gyros are large enough for 2 people to split. the gyro was VERY flavorful, the tzatziki had cucumber chunks (which isn't my preference) but they were not overpowering and it was good. the onions were very potent and flavorful (we were breathing fire into the next day despite having multiple altoids and teeth brushings). boyfriend would give it a 5 star rating.
4	No frills, no idle chit chat with the staff, standing room only! Just place your order and go. This is a little hole-in-the wall off of Trade street with no indoor seating. There are a few umbrella'd seats outside, but you are subject to the weather (obviously). Stood in line, maybe 6 people ahead of me, but it only took a few moments to get to counter and get my food.I had a great gyro and it had french fries in it! Overall, the food tasted great, not too heavy (i.e. greasy) and not too messy (no shirt stains). I may want to go light on the onions next time but will definitely eat there again. Can't locate a website or menu. But it does have the "no coke, pepsi" feel for options...without the frustration.
5	I simply love Little Village Grill. What makes it awesome is the consistency. I can order anything...multiple times...and guaranteed to be very fresh, and tasty.  I have tried so many things on the menu.  My favorite is Greek salad, with grilled chicken.  the grilled chicken gyro is also amazing!  such a filling sandwich.  And the fries.  so darn good that you eat the first one...and the last one...and they stay crisp and tasty throughout.  I went to Little Village today....and before the cashier could even complete the transaction....my order was ready.  Incredible Service!! Amazing Service!!!  I try to go there at least 3 times a week!!!  Love it!!!  One of these days I can imagine LVG expanding to have greater seating inside and out.  there are only 3-4 small tables inside.  But for what they offer...great food and service...in a small location...it is simply awesome!!!
4	Cheap, tasty, and cosy place. This very small corner-like restaurant makes one of the best burgers and subs in Uptown Charlotte. It's very unexpensive and service is fast. I eat there almost weekly. Highly recommended
5	Being new to the gyro, I've only had it at 4 different places.  This is the only one I've had twice.  SO GOOD.  They put a few french fries on it, which I think is delicious.  The sauce is super flavorful, and their onions will knock you down with the flavor.  So much food, and the price is very reasonable.  Other Yelpers make me want to try the rest of their menu, and I probably will, eventually.  The only downside is that the place is tiny.  Literally 3 2-tops inside, and 2 umbrella-shaded 2-tops outside.   I'll keep trying new gyro places, but every 2nd or 3rd time I have a craving, Little Village will satisfy it for me.
5	i love this place i go there all the time i am a student a johnson and wales right across the street and it is everyones favorite place to eat after class. there french fries are amazing much like everything else on there menu.
5	This place is the best spot in the area for lunch.  No one comes close in terms of price and quality.  I've pretty much tried everything on their menu and I can't complain about anything I've eaten.  They're fast , friendly and take pride in their food.
5	I have been coming here for 2 years and LVG is STILL my favorite place to eat in Charlotte. I work uptown and will walk out of my way to come here at least 2x a week. The staff is incredible. They are fast, friendly and always remember my order when I arrive. The line moves quickly and for what you pay, you cannot get a better gyro or pita.
4	Went here today for the first time with one of my classmates (he recommended it). It's small, but definitely gets its share of traffic especially at lunchtime. Like I said, it's a pretty small place. You order (most seem to order takeout), there's a drink machine, a couple of tables for 2, and a restroom. But it's clean and the employees there are very friendly.The food comes out quick and it's delicious. There's a good selection too! burgers, subs, salads, gyros and good sides too. pasta salad, slaw, fries...I had the little village sub and a side order of pasta salad and a soda. The sub was fantastic. It's kind of like their take on a cheesesteak. My friend ordered the gyro (which seems like the most popular lunch item), fries and a drink. He enjoyed his too. The best thing about our meals were that they were delicious, they came out fast, the portions were pretty generous too. (I posted a pic of my meal) AND my meal was under $10.It's not the place to go if you want to sit and catch up with friends and have a long conversation-filled lunch. But if you're hungry and are looking for a quick, delicious meal to go with fast food prices, here's your place. I'd definitely go there again in a heartbeat!
5	I work near LVG and I've eaten here at least 30 times for lunch.  This place is an absolute gem.  This is definitely more of a takeout place.  There is very limited seating inside (6 seats?) with a few tables outside.  Inside is very cramped but they've done a good job of maximizing the space.  There's a very specific rhythm to the way people move from register to fountain drink dispenser, to waiting for your food.  Service is always friendly and fast.  Stop by with any regularity and they know your name and your order.  Prices are very reasonable.  The owner and his wife are awesome and really care about their customers.  The best part is the food.  I typically order the Greek salad with chicken or gyro meat or the chicken gyro.  The gyro meat is super savory and the salads are always really crisp.  The chicken gyro is really tasty with a warm soft pita.   Whenever I have coworkers come from out of town I always take them here for lunch. The only negative thing is that there can be long lines out the door at lunchtime.  I try to stop by right at 12:00 or after 1:00.
5	This place is a fantastic lunch spot. I've been going here for a couple of years and haven't ventured beyond the Lamb Gyro or Chicken Gyro. The lamb tends be greasy so I try avoid it but in no way is that a complaint, just personal preference. The spices are great and they even add a "few fries" to the gyro for what we'll call differentiation. None-the-less, a nice surprise.The Chicken Gyro with a Greek Side Salad is my classic go-to. Preparation and flavor is always consistent so I always know what I'm going to get. If you are looking for great food with a nice outdoor spot to eat lunch then this place will certainly fit the bill.
5	In Charlotte for business, have walked by this joint a few times in the last couple of days.... Had I only known what I was missing?!?!This. Place. Is. Amazing! Tonight's fare: lamb & beef gyro (+lettuce), house salad (tzatsiki for dressing), Greek potato salad, and baklava. The tzastiki sauce .... If I could make a meal out of it, I would!!! Go!! No regrets!!
5	We LOVE this place!  I always get the falafel pita and we share an order of fries.  These fries are so delicious!  The baklava is yummy...when it's not sold out!
5	OMG....talk about a taste of HEAVEN!I la la la love this PLACE!The Chicken GYRO is the absolute best!the food is always fresh and always tasty.I also enjoy the staff. Always friendly and always speedy!sometimes they even sell chocolate bars...lol..I believe its for the youth..but anyway this place is very cool, its located on West trade and has a great vibe! Its small but very cutesy and you can tell its full of love!try it out if you like Greek food or if you never had Greek food!I'm sure you will enjoy.make sure you get that Gyro loaded with everything to truly enjoy it!
4	These guys serve best sandwich and pita breads .. I would prefer them than subway . I love the fries they serve , there is always a  big queue .. If you work in uptown Charlotte .. Don't miss trying in little village grill .
5	This place has great food and very reasonable prices.  The service is very friendly and quick.  The location is "cozy" but adequate.  I have been eating here frequently for over a year and have never had any complaints.
5	Beef and lamb gyro was as good as any I've ever had.While French fries are nothing to get excited about, theirs are perfectly cooked and seasoned and leave nothing to be desired.And the whole experience cost less than $7.
5	I absolutely love this place!! I live around the corner and so happy that this is my local spot. Best Greek food in town! Their burgers are awesome,  gyros are the best (I love the lamb), and since I have gone vegetarian the black bean burger is my top choice, but don't knock the salads as they rock too. Their fries are awesome as well, and way super addictive with the seasoning. The staff is great, I think some are students but they are so nice, and remember faces. The delivery guy is a great guy too so make sure to tip him bc that's only fair!  Keep up the great work guys! See you Monday :)
4	One of the best places in the area..great quality food and excellent service. Amazing pitas and salads..great baklava as well
2	OK.. Gyro's are one of my favorite foods EVER. These Gyros were super weird. My coworker and I were both disappointed. The meat was a lamb/beef mix that tasted like cumin. It was a very weird seasoning choice and nothing a Gyro should ever contain. The fries were amazing though. Not worth the $9 quite honestly. I won't go back and I am suprised by the raving reviews. I will go to Greek Isles next time.. that place is the BOMB!
5	This place is great! Best food in the gateway village area in my opinion. Pitas are always great, and the fries are awesome too. Definitely try it out, I promise you will be back!
4	Just go here. Seriously. Just go.They have a nice menu- some new things and some old things to try. I just had a gyro and fries. It was good enough for me and apparently for a lot of other people too. Everytime I pass by there's always a line.
2	I thought the staff was very friendly and nice but the food however did not exactly taste authentic. I picked this place based on previous reviews claiming that this is the most authentic Greek food place in Charlotte but I can assure you as someone who was born and raised in Greece that the gyros weren't really authentic, on a spit kinda thing. Also the tzatziki sauce tasted run down watery. So overall it was okay for me.Also I liked that they tried to bring a European kinda feel to this place by putting seating outside but the sidewalk is too small for that and there's people walking by you watching you eat, it seems kind of awkward at first.
5	Love! Always go for the gyro, or the Greek salad with gyro meat. Every time my husband and I go, we are pleased with the quality of food and the service. We have been going for years and also think the prices are more than fair. The location is perfect for us but don't forget the deliver now.
5	Great food & service.  Prices are good and the grilled chicken gyro was delish!  The kids loved their food too.
5	Hidden gem for uptown Charlotte.  Great quick & cheap place to grab subs, pitas & salads.  Fries are A++++.  One of your best options for bang for buck when eating in the city.
5	Great, inexpensive place to grab a bite to eat! Was recommended to this place by a friend and now I go almost every other week. I usually get the Gyro (which they put a couple fries on...delicious!!) and my boyfriend normally gets a cheeseburger which he says compares to Five Guys (and that's good in our book!) Definitely give it a shot.
5	Best fries I've ever had. I moved from Charlotte but every time I go back I have to eat here. Also, the owners are amazing - super friendly and always up for a chat about their native land. But check out the fries seriously.
5	Hands down best gyro uptown. I pick up at least once a week. I'm Greek and I approve this tiny hole in the wall.
5	We had gyros, french fries, Greek salad, and baklava to go.  All were great.  The pita was soft and chewy, the meat was tender, the tzatziki sauce was great, the fries were crispy (loved them!), the salad was fresh, and the baklava was delicious!  They had everything ready when we got there!
5	Hands down best burgers in the city. The food is always excellent and so is the service
5	The best fries-- so good! I like the cheesesteak, the cheeseburger pita, and the regular burgers.I haven't ever had a bad experience here-- great staff, always super quick, cheap (for large quantity!!) and my only complaint is that they aren't open on Sunday.
5	"Lil Vill" is what is college students call this place. It's is the #1 Jwu food stop. With everything from burgers to pitas and salads it is the best greek fast food I've ever tasted. Can't wait for them to branch out more into to other states !
3	3.5 STARS!I literally just came here for lunch....in fact, I'm still picking at the French fries as I write this review.... The French fries are AWESOME...very crispy on the outside, but somewhat soft on the inside.I placed an order to go.... I ordered the chicken Gyro w/ the side of fries & a soda. The chicken was seasoned nicely...lettuce, tomato, onion and tzatziki was standard... not the best Gyro, but not the worst either. The entire meal was $7 bucks so you can't beat the price. Staff was very friendly. The place is small but they do have some tables if you decide to eat there.I will definitely try this place again and make sure that I eat there. When I do, I will make sure to submit an updated review.
5	Really good. I mean the fries are hot. The sandwiches are not too messy. Not much seating. Fast service. Tasted fresh and the pita was soft.
3	The food here is good value and fast. Pretty good cheap fast gyros and decent burgers and fries make it a good place to visit.
