4	I first entered The duce on October 15th, 2009 when Mayor Phil Gordon hosted a tour of renovated downtown buildings.  Steve and Andi Rosenstein have taken a vintage 1928 produce warehouse and turned it into a mixed use building containing a bar/restaurant, retail space, coffee bar, florist shop and gym. This is a very cool project that will be a staple of the "new downtown" scene in Phoenix. Check it out!Revised Post Opening:Opening weekend went well although by all admissions another two weeks of setup was needed.
4	Very interesting place...we stopped by last night after we heard it had its grand opening the week prior.  They weren't officially open (decided that was the soft open and would hold the grand opening on 5/23 instead), but they invited us in to have a beer.  All of the beers were throwbacks - PBR, Schlitz, Hamm's etc.  The menu looks unique and the whole concept is very interesting.  They told us the target clientele are families, but I see it more as young hipsters - will be interesting to see how it pans out.
3	Wow! What a space! Sadly I can't see going here all that much due to the location. And I'm guessing that the prices on clothing are about the cost of the local residence's weekly wage. I'm hoping for the best but fearing the worst.
4	I visited The Duce a second time to watch the Suns game last night, and I was super happy with everything they did. Food and drink specials, the game in HD in the food area outside, a friendly chick bringing out drinks from the bar. I appreciated that even though there were a lot of kids there they had a place to watch the game inside. They even improved the food, they grill the chicken and ribs on site now instead of just roasting them, I got the maple glazed chicken and it was delicious.
4	Great patio!$4 PBR, Schlitz, and Hamm's!Brisket sliders with grilled onions are amazing!Good service, friendly staff.One bad thing; the greyhound I ordered had no discernible liquor in it.
3	The place isn't hard to find, just keep an eye out on the left when you're heading south on Central. Get to Lincoln and take a left. My first impression, parking is waaay tiny and seemed to be first come first set-the-rule-for-everybody-else. I guess after 5 it's valet, so add a second tip into what you expect to spend when comin' out. I'm not cheap but I dislike the valet in your face idea that seems to be creeping up to casual places. But hey, that's me. Your first experience is the retail area. Some of the clothes look fun but it's pretty much greys, khaki's, and greens in various rugged incarnations. Kinda wish I'd have gotten some of those boots though.  The produce area was an afterthought. I'm at a place that has a a portion of the word 'Produce' as it's name and the only thing that I considered taking home was a lemon...to clean my garbage disposal. I had been hoping for some jalapenos or cabbage or pickled something. The salsa in the mason jar was tempting, I'll probably get some next time. And those boots. A  nice fella came over to chat me up when he saw I was poking about. He explained to me some of the highlights of the place, the old school bus they'll use to ferry people to first friday and home games, the stadium benches they have in front of a decent size projection screen for watching games (and a larger flatscreen in the booze area!), etc. etc. He was warm and genuine and told me that they really want to be a place for locals. Come down, bring a book, get a soda or a beer, take a nap, hit the heavy bag for a bit and grab some grub before going home. Like a YMCA for the hip and spendy.  When I was there two guys were doing a pretty legit workout. Pullups, speed bag, timing each other, etc. There is something ultra satisfying to be sitting at a bar, drinking a beer, with the *real* sound of a slappity-thump-thump badass on the speedbag. I could see doing that. I got a vibe of  potential hang out, regular friendly, new social experience.  The staff was great at handling somebody who was trying to figure out what was what with a place that is wearing so many hats at once.   The bar has a great selection of drinks made easy. If all else fails you can pickup a chalkboard menu at several spots and just point at what you want. The beers are on ice right in front of you so when you take that first drink you're reminded that not all beer should be Sono-err-Sun Up Brewing style and served a fistful of degrees above room. If it's triple digits outside and you're in a big brick building an ice cold beer can kick ass.  I gotta say though, a can of Old Milwaukee, for $4? Really? I can get a six pack of Simpler Times at Trader Joe's for less than that. I didn't get to try the food, I was still stuffed from lunch, but the smells coming off the grill were great. If this place gets some decent happy hour specials I'll be there pretty often.
4	Let me start by saying the space is fantastic. Steve and Andi Rosenstein have put the time into this place to make it great. The attention to detail doesn't go unnoticed.I've been coming to this building for a few years now, both for events and to occasionally check out the couple's retail concept, R&R Surplus, which has occupied the heart of the building for a while now. When they trucked in the bar from an old Capone Chicago haunt about a year ago, I knew something special was brewing. I love the patio space, with ample hangout room, close proximity to the bar area and easy view of your food cooking on the open grill or in the airstream trailer kitchen. The flat-screen TV has become a go-to spot for Suns games, which I'm totally cool with.Inside, it can be a bit of a sensory overload -- let's see... there's a bar, a coffee bar, a soda fountain, a produce stand, the R&R Surplus area, a flower shop, a milk stand (yes), a gym, bleacher seating and rehabbed old school Schwinns littered about. There's even foliage in there, so it's hard to concentrate on one thing. I respect what they're doing, but I can't imagine many people will be walking up to the coffee area's streetside window. We'll see.I'm not crazy about the parking situation. I'm not sure if it's out of necessity, but it seems the place at least shares a couple of adjacent lots, and the fences and blockades around the parking areas make it a bitch to get in and out (seriously). I've been here a couple of times now, and when it's packed, you can wait a long time to get your car back, even if it's parked within eyesight. Yes, the cocktails are a bit pricey. But, I've been impressed with each I've tried so far (Moscow Mule, screwdriver and a punchy spiked lemonade). The $3 beers ain't bad, either.They seriously need to do something about paying at all the different sections. I don't know if they need a computer system or what, but opening a tab at the bar, then closing it, then paying for food at the kitchen, then paying for food at the grill, then going back to the bar (and that's just food and drink!) is absurd. I offered this suggestion to an employee and pretty much blew it off. Not what I was hoping for.Yes, there are some kinks, but the potential of the concept is hard to ignore. This could really be a shining jewel of the Warehouse District. And no, it's not really off the beaten path, people. It's three blocks from US Airways Center.
4	This is probably one of the strangest places I have ever been and it is very difficult to describe.My wife and I took the light rail here from Tempe to meet a few friends Friday night.  The walk from the light rail station to The Duce took about 10 minutes and it wasn't too bad.  The area looks a bit sketchy but we made it there in one piece.The place is a huge converted warehouse.  I'll try my best to describe it.....Bar/restaurant area - plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.  Great old fashion bar serving great old fashion drinks.  Gin Fizz, Rusty Nail, Old Fashion, Gimlet, etc....Sinatra stuff.  They serve each drink in a jar which is pretty unique and adds to the charm of this place.  Their food menu is pretty limited.  I sampled the bbq chicken, brisket sliders, egg sliders, chips, and corn coin things.  Everything was excellent and made fresh to order.  Nothing too fancy.  Just good ole' fashion bbq stuffs.  One minor issue though....their desserts on the menu look excellent but they didn't have any of them except for one.  Total bummer but it was ok because of the soda fountain thing inside.  Oh...and the entertainer of the evening deserves a special shout out.  It was one guy singing hits from every era while jamming on his retro keyboard/guitar combo thing.  Awesome....just awesome.  Soda Fountain - at least I think this is called a soda fountain.  Here they make old school sodas, floats and fizzes.  All excellent and bring me back to a simpler time.  A time way way way before I was born, but a simpler time nonetheless.Inside the warehouse there is also a small movie theater thingy where they were playing some 3 Stooges episodes.  I sat on the bleachers and watched for a bit.Other than that and a coffee bar the place is pretty much a retail space.  Old school treats, a farmers market, dry goods and clothing.  Probably a bit more random stuff than I remember but that is all that comes to mind.....those drinks were strong.  There is plenty to keep you busy there for a few hours at least.I liked it that the place wasn't very crowded for a Friday night.  Also, everybody who worked there was very very friendly and helpful.
4	It's been a long day at work, it's Friday night, and I want to chill. Then my wife reluctantly tells me that we're meeting friends tonight. I say, "OK... I guess. What about the kid?" No babysitter. The kids is coming along...so much for chilling out. We end up at The Duce. Chill is written all over and we immediately fell in love with this place. After a short stop at the vintage soda fountain (and it really works), we headed to the bar and ordered a round. Then sat down in the atruim-like area and ordered the Whole Maple Roasted Chicken (they were out of brisket, which is supposed to be really good), baked beans and a salad. The kitchen is an old Airstream and the BBQ is out back. Total bill - less than 20 bucks with a tip. The chicken was killer, so were the beans (portions could be bigger). Best part - instead of giving you a number or taking your name when your order is ready they ask for a nickname. After taking longer than normal to place our order we went with "Indecisive" as our nickname. Seemed to fit at the time. My kid was so enthusiastic about the soda fountain that we had to stop and have a malt. Apparently it was really good, because my wife and daughter finished it before I could have a taste. The Duce has something for just about everyone - food, drinks, candy, candle, produce, vintage bikes and heck, they even had the D-backs game on next to some old school gymnasium bleachers. The Duce is an awesome place to chillout with friends and family (very kid friendly). Certainly going back for more.
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food7 *Drinks*6 Service9 Atmosphere5 ValueThe Duce is up, and The Duce is down.  I love this place, and have been many times, but I'm also an honest dude and to say The Duce has a few kinks to work out is an understatement.The food, of which I've had the scramble, noodle kugel, honey cheesecake, chicken sliders (style of bread is too hard), pear+pecan salad, is all DELICIOUS.But the bar, which is generally a big part of my experience, needs to be able to work a little faster, and i think a big part of that will be reducing  how much muddling goes on.Also don't get wine here.  All drinks here are served in a mason jar.  That's cool for mixed drinks.  But doesn't work for wine.But as has been mentioned many times over already, this is a really cool space with the hodgepodge of concepts within one larger one.  The bones and the vibe and the food is here.  But so far so are the kinks.  Please kinks, go away.
4	Everyone knows rooster fighting is illegal and usually breaks up early on Sunday morning. Last week having lost my shirt at the fights, I was topless and hungry wandering around South Phoenix and found The Duce. The place had everything Companion and I needed. First, being shirtless, there is a clothes store.  I purchased matching vintage gray sweatshirt from my Alma Mater, "Tech". Second, alcohol. Waiting patiently until the clock struck "10" and the bar opened, I ordered two spicy Bloody Marys, which did not disappoint. What DID disappoint was the celery stick which was the size of a Louisville Slugger. I should know, because it felt like a baseball bat when Companion whacked me across the head with hers because I said she DID look fat in the sweatshirt. Finally, nourishment. The egg/bacon/cheese sliders were a good choice for reconciliation between Companion and I, especially on the sunny patio. The sun did not shine for long, though, because to make a long story short, her second Bloody Mary ended up forcibly on my new sweatshirt, leaving me alone at The Duce. Not a bad place to be!
4	My new favorite place in downtown Phoenix! There's a little something for every one there and we sure needed a place like this. The clothing store has an Anthropologie vibe to it along with the high prices, but it's fun to look! There are fun home accessory items too.After you finish browsing you can have a soda at the soda fountain, coffee at the coffee bar, a drink in the lounge, cartoons on the vintage bleachers or some grub outside at the vintage travel trailer. Oh, and I forgot to mention the vintage gym area! I opted for some food and had the pear and pecan salad. It was actually a decent size for five bucks, but was nothing memorable and the greens were wilted and brown. I enjoyed the corn coins very much though as well as the lemonade, which is sweetened with honey. The ordering process though is a bit confusing. We were greeted by a very helpful guy who told us all about the food but he never took our order. He finally told us we needed to come up to the trailer and order. There should probably be a sign - especially since the menus are at the table. Also, you can't order a drink unless you go over to the lounge area in another room even though there are also drink menus at the table.  If you want lemonade though you can get it yourself at a counter next to the trailer, but you have to walk over to the lounge to get ice. You also have to give a nickname when you order your food. It's a cute idea, but by the time my name was called to pick up my food I had forgotten what my nickname was. And it's also hard to come up with a clever nickname on the spot. Even thought there are some kinks to be worked out, I'm already thinking of some nickname options for another visit soon. I want to try the apple pancake next!
3	Great concept!  Something Phoenix sorely needs.  A creative approach to retail.  Kind of a Fred Segal wanna be on a small scale.Now the bad news.  If they don't get the retail side of this concept going right off the bat they will blow it.  A space this big needs some serious energy!!!  Get rid of the gym area as no one will use it for its intended purpose.  Pump up the retail!!!!  I get that you want to sell your own brand but when that brand is mainly thermals and army pants it is not gonna happen.  Don't put all of your eggs in this retail basket.  This is AZ bring in some great t-shirt lines, flip flops, athletic gear!!  And the #1 seller in AZ JEWELRY!!!! Lines to consider; splendid, C&C, Seneca Rising, James Perse, Rene Garvey jewelry, Lost Bird jewelry (a local)))that kind of vibe will do wonders for this place as these designers have a huge following even in Phoenix!This space is crying out for cool trunk shows on the weekends by great local designers!  I'm not talking Grandmas knitting I mean cool stuff.   Think Renegade crafts people!! This is also a great way to build up the customer base as you put some of the work onto the crafts people.  Choose locals who have a following!  Not only do you get a % of what they sell but you get their customers!!And the music!!!  C'mon!!!  Have to find good bands.  No more Joe Shmoe and his keyboard.I'm hoping this place figures it out cause it could be really cool.
4	Steve and Andi Rosenstein have taken on a large space and given it more personality than Meryl Streep on steroids.  You have to see it to really understand it, but this review will attempt to offer a written tour.The first thing Steve and Andi did was to plant a lemon tree and an orange tree right in the middle of the building, in homage to the neighborhood's once being the produce district of Phoenix.Then there's the vast retail area.  The couple own R & R Surplus clothing and sell it at The Duce.  It's comfortable vintage with a little special bling added.The kitchen is housed in an old silver Airstream trailer, on a large patio filled with long wooden picnic tables.  Even the extra beer is iced in vintage coolers on the patio.  And The Duce provides the same beer brands that are served at Wrigley Field. The menu is small but select.  Brunch and sliders are served all day.  And "supper" is served from five until closing.  Brisket beef sliders are one of the house specialties.  Besides the regular menu, each night the grillmaster decides what he feels like cooking.  They were offering hot dogs (my personal favorite) the night I was there so I took advantage of that.  The fixings included the freshest, greenest, most delicious relish I have ever tasted, and the coleslaw is made with cinnamon pickled dressing.The whole experience combines to make guests feel as though they are at a neighborhood barbecue, albeit one where your neighbor presents a check at the end of the night.  But that's okay.  All fun comes with a price.  And The Duce is nothing if not funFor a full review and more background on owners Steve and Andi, read http://www.examiner.com/x-4463-Transplants-To-Phoenix-Examiner~y2010m7d19-The-Duce-where-fresh-produce-meets-Prohibition
3	I want to love The Duce. It has an awesome concept, and I love the atmosphere in the place, however, my experience, has not been the best. My biggest issue is the booze. I get the retro muddled feel, but on a bloody mary? Not quite the best. Also the bartender took forever. I want to try the food, but I fear similar experiences. The staff in the store area was super nice, and they have a cool assortment of goods. Hopefully my next trip will yield better results, however for now its just a-ok.
4	Wildly inconsistent experiences, but it definitely delivers in the uniqueness category.  The bartenders and staff are really great, though the drinks take forever mainly because they go a little over board with the fruit muddling and the like.  Jamie makes me Old Fashion's the way I like them, so I keep coming back, no matter how long it takes to make that drink.  Overall, this place has nearly limitless potential, they just need to stop being so stubborn and stop being different for different's sake (with regards to the bar)
4	This place is so friggin' cool, I am surprised that more people do not know about it!  Um, I think you HAVE to love beer (specifically Wisconsin beer) memorabilia, you have to love Anthropologie like clothing, you have to love good old fashioned drinks, like Greyhounds, Old Fashioneds, and Sidecars.  You have to love home made potato chips and a wait staff who want to call you by a nickname.  You have to love cool, old warehouses and funky people, and the unexpected.  I'm in love.
4	I joined @PatrickEm and @PaulValach at @TheDucePHX for brunch this morning.I had their cinnamon pecan french toast, but without the pecans.It was simply amazing!Amanda was our server, and she epitomizes what I think a server should be. Keep her around, Duce!Also had fresh-squeezed orange juice. Delicious!I think the Duce would do well to add a few fans, just to move the air a bit.But I really enjoy this place, and will definitely be back.
5	This was my second attempt to go to Duce.  The first time we didn't check before we went and turns out they are closed on Monday's - not their fault.  We finally made it for lunch and it was great.  The atmosphere is really cool, the retail space is way over priced but its on par with Anthropologie and people seem to like to shop there.  I like the concept of the entire space and its very different than the 8,000 Subway's that are Downtown and accessible at lunchtime.  The patio area was great, I went just two weeks ago and there were plenty of umbrella's and it wasn't too hot - only about 105, so it was nice to be outside.  I ordered the Meatball sliders, my friend ordered the Tuna and we shared a giant lemonade.  It was really expensive - but anytime you are at a place that serves local & organic food and its non-corporate owned, its not going to be cheap, what was surprising were the portions.  The portions were actually quite sizeable and more than adequate, so in that respect the pricing was appropriate.  Meatballs were really delicious, the bread was great, everything was very fresh.  My friend really like her tuna sliders.  The lemonade was actually really good, even a bit sour rather than sugary sweet, which is my preference.  I would for sure go back for lunch and will likely hold an event here as the rest of the space is so huge. On a side note, my car battery died in the parking lot.  The owner came out - during the lunch hour and jumped me to get my car going again.  Pretty good customer service if you ask me.
4	Oh how I loved visiting the Duce yesterday .  I  really want this place to become something special in Phoenix.  What cool retro vibe we got going on here.Areas for eating , music and shopping all have a hip vitage feel that makes you keep checking whether things are for purchase or design.  Soda Fountain is as cute as can be..can't wait for your Farmers Market and candy store to shape up in the fall.Out in the dining area you have a casual long table area inside and a picnic table sensibility outside. The place makes you feel like you want to hang out with your friends all day and just chill.  I had some tasty sliced potatoes  that were half fries ,half chip ,yummy  . This place screams potential.  I am coming back very soon to try their dinners which look really great on the menu...Oh by the way they cook up a bunch of their food in a on site  Jet-stream trailer.  Nice touch.  Oh and by the way the girls bathroom was completely adorable...I actually took pictures of it. It feels like a country powder room . I found it completely charming. Rumor has it that they have a school bus to run people up to the stadiums for big events after eating.. great idea.
3	I had the French Toast along with a mimosa or two and both were delicious!I love the patio of this place and can not wait until the weather is cooler to frequent it more often. The only things that i might do differently are 1. Not have SO many things going on, it makes it a bit overwhelming. Cool concept but also confusing.2. Fresh squeezed juices are AWESOME but take a LONG time when done to-order & there are a few drinks requiring it. I suggest to perhaps just prep some fresh squeezed juices that are ready to go for the day?3. PBR is supposed to be cheap... it is cheap... keep it that way.4. I too think it would HIGHLY benefit if the hours were later and had more of a bar scene... Heck I'd even stay open at 3 am a bit and experiment with late nighters who need a bite to eat after drinking.
2	Wow, this is a tough one. I first heard of this spot a few weeks ago and have been dying to try it.Today I decided to take my Mom out for breakfast and we hit The Duce. Getting there early, we had the place to ourselves. As others have mentioned, there is a LOT going on here, it can be a bit tricky to navigate/comprehend what all is going on, but it's very well done.The Duce is housed in a beautiful old warehouse in downtown, and if you loathe strip malls like I do, you'll find The Duce a welcome change. Concrete floors, old brick, reclaimed wood, it's great.We were warmly greeted by a friendly woman who explained how things worked and gave us the lay of the land. The staff member told us about the great food and told us to either order at the bar or trailer.  We wandered around, taking it all in and then went to the food service/bar area of the business.Because we were having drinks with breakfast, we decided to order at the bar. After waiting seven minutes to get someone to come over, an angry looking guy ambled over (picture a chubby Amish guy with terrible prison quality tats)I say hello to the .bartender and tell him we wanted to order breakfast. He grunts, looks displeased and says that we're supposed to order at the trailer. I inform him that we were told we can order here, and since we want drinks we decided to take care of it all at the bar. Speaking of booze, I ordered two bloody mary's. The bartender made a face that would have made sense if I asked him for a kidney. He looked under the bar and said he would only be able to make ONE bloody mary. Keep in mind we are the FIRST customers on a Sunday morning. I was truly puzzled that they could not have the basic ingredients for a breakfast drink staple, much like how it would be if In-N-Out ran out of hamburger.I pay for our stuff and he mumbles something that could be Mandarin, or Pig Latin, I was unsure. I asked him to repeat himself and he was able to use his words and tell me to listen for my name to be called  when our food was ready. We found a seat and my Mom was asking what the guy's problem was, and I told her I wondered the same thing. Fellow Yelpers, please know- I am a really laid back guy, I don't get stressed, and can tolerate a lot! That ends when you're treating my Mom poorly, that is NOT okay, especially when we passed over 100 different breakfast spots just to try out The Duce( Matt's Big Breakfast anyone?).Moving on, sorry this is sooo long, but it was so shocking how shitty the service was, really! The place was really cool, the food was pretty good, and the other employee was SO sweet, but sadly all that was negated by the shat service by the bartender. He truly was a turd. Yikes.I will be giving this place another shot, and hopefully they find the bartender a personality transplant and/or the right combination of meds so he no longer a prick. If not, they will need to change the name of the place from The Duce, to The Douche.
5	Last night a group of us went to The Duce in downtown Phoenix. It. Was. Fantastic. An old 1928 brick warehouse, the space is all indoor/outdoor, the food is roach coach style, the speciality "vintage cocktails" are served in mason jars and the overall vibe is uber hip & comfortable. We bought some vintage Love Button jewelery, ate Chicago style hot dogs, meatball sliders and waffles while mingling with a magician and singing along to 60's tunes. What more could you ask for? Oh, bottomless fresh squeezed grapefruit mimosas for a dog friendly Sunday brunch? Sign me up. One of the coolest spots in Phoenix for sure. The service was a little slow but that didn't bother me as everyone was super nice and quite frankly - I wasn't in a hurry and didn't mind waiting for a drink. Two thumbs up.
5	The most unique place I've been in a long time.  This is a place that downtown Phoenix has been longing for!  From the airstream to the boxing ring to the fresh squeezed juices, this place will leave you smiling and satisfied.  We stopped in for brunch on a Friday after a quick Yelp search of the area.  I live for breakfast food, so when I walked in and fell in love with the decor, I was crossing my fingers that the food was equally as impressive.  Oh it was!  I had the asparagus, mushroom, and goat cheese scramble and fresh squeezed orange juice.  Well worth the wait, since we ordered right after a group of marathon runners!The owner, Steve, came by to see how everything was, and we couldn't stop eating long enough to answer without a mouthful :)  He's a great guy and is genuinely interested in your experience.We'll be back to The Duce frequently for brunch...and, of course, to try out their milkshakes, pies, lunch, dinner, farmer's market, gift shop, cocktails, and live entertainment!!!
4	I love it.  An amazing multi-use building full of all kinds of cool things.  The food was fantastic, the music was fun, the fresh squeezed lemonade was tasty and the atmosphere was super cool.  No poseurs here.
3	Stopping in here while I was on a Sunday morning Downtown bike ride,  I wasn't prepared [with cash or cards] as I wasn't expecting to stop anywhere.  I parked my bike and walked in.  Roaming through their retail area I was surprised to see that there were alteast 8-10 cars outside and several people inside.  The clothes....hummm I will reserve my opinion.  Glanced over at the bar and a seperate soda fountain.  I finally made my way to the patio to check out the airstream kitchen.  Cool!....I had heard they had a statue of the Hams Bear in here somewhere too....did I miss it...Bummer!I will have to check out the food some other time maybe on my next ride that way...as I wouldn't feel too cozy walking solo that way even in the light of day...It's pretty dead downtown on a Sunday but there was still someone lurking around just about every corner.
5	godi really really don't know what to give the duceas i am writing this spiel im still considering...okay okaypros and conseasy way to make up my mindpro:-favorite old timey domestic beers available for $3 a pop-great food-awesome concept-a real playground for adultscons:-bermuda triangle/wormhole/vortex/blackhole telephone booth-trying to be everything at oncewell despite being trapped in their vintage phone booth, abandoned by my carefree and ambivalent yelp friends and rescued by two chuckling meat head types who proceeded to deride my foolishness at getting locked inside a confined space and then panicking like a lost child separated from his overbearing jewish mother in a crowded wal-mart shopping center, i still happen to think that the pro's vastly outweigh any con you could dream up for the Duce. and ya know whatboom5 stars.
1	ok. man. i'm on yelp pretty frequently, and although i usually just opt for posting photos of restaurants and their food instead of actually writing reviews, my experience of the duce just has to be told. so it's your average sunday. the weather outside was perfect and i wanted to get out and try something new for lunch and possibly get some day drinking in.  after looking over a few places downtown on yelp, the dude and i settled on the duce.  WHAT A TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE, MISTAKE. now don't get me wrong, i knew that the duce was going to be in an old warehouse downtown that someone had turned into a restaurant.  in fact, that's what drew me in in the first place.  that and the menu sounded like they had some choice lunch items. meatball sliders? yeah man, let's do this.  that and in addition to the restaurant, they also sell clothing and other accessories. it was all sounding pretty good. when we first entered the warehouse, we were in the area that sold clothing and other knick-knacks.  because the place is pretty huge, we weren't exactly sure where the restaurant was, and were hoping one of the MANY employees who were standing around might steer us in the correct direction. but no, not a single word from anyone. ok fine, whatever. so we locate the restaurant portion of the warehouse, and see many long bench style tables, a bar, and an outside portion with more seating.  we spot the bartender and say hello as we're walking up, hoping that she'll inform us of how this all works (do we just sit wherever and have a waiter take our order? do we order at the bar? etc.). the bartender shoots back a quick hello and then immediately begins to chat it up with another waitress, completely ignoring that we're even there. ooook, i guess we're just supposed to figure this out ourselves!  we see that they've got their menu posted on the wall, so we begin looking at it, trying to figure out what we're going to order since we're assuming at this point that we just order at the bar.  after deciding on what we wanted, we stood around for literally another five minutes while the bartender and the waitress continued to chat and totally ignore us while we were just standing around clearly looking confused. oh, and did i mention we're THE ONLY PEOPLE THERE? eventually we became so annoyed with this that we decided to go outside and have a seat at one of the tables hoping that would get the attention of someone.  so we have a seat and anticipate that maybe one of the ten or so people outside who clearly worked there would maybe attempt to help us or even acknowledge our presence at some point, but again, no! literally no one said anything to us! after a few minutes of discussing how severely uncomfortable this was and whether or not we should just leave, the bartender comes rushing out and says, "so did you guys want to order or what?".  uh, ok! whatever! let's order now that you've decided we exist!  she then tells us that we're going to have to actually get up and come back inside to the bar to order, and that they'll call our name when the food is ready.  the hell? you can't take our order here since we're already seated and were too busy having some chit-chat time when we were standing inside trying to order before? screw. this. place.  and i haven't even tried the food yet.  oh, and you would also assume that since we ordered the food at the bar, we would pick it up at the bar as well, but again, no. you pick it up at the trailer that's parked outside where they're cooking it.  and yanno, this would have been fine had the bartender taken five seconds to actually mention this. so the food was surprisingly quite good (shocking!), but honestly, who even cares at this point.  i was so angry at how annoyingly awful this experience was that it just didn't matter to me how the food tasted, and i really just wanted to get the hell out of there.  upon leaving, no one said goodbye to us or even acknowledged that we were exiting, but i was pretty much expecting that.  and just in case you forgot,  can i say again how we were THE ONLY PEOPLE THERE?  the concept of the duce may be a good one, but with such extremely rude employees that can't take five seconds to tell you how the restaurant works (oh hey! you order at the bar, we'll call you're name, you pick up the food at the trailer!) or even acknowledge that they have customers, i really can't understand how this place is going to survive.  i honestly do hate to be hard on a local restaurant, and wish i could say that maybe this could have been an isolated incident, but based on a lot of the other reviews, i can see that it's not. so in summary: i would never, ever, under any circumstance, go here again. this was truly the worst restaurant experience i've had in...uh, ever.
4	I just went there for a visit, and it was half an hour till last call (which is midnight there on a business day), so my review can't really comment on the food or the drinks. BUT the atmosphere was really cool. To get to the bar, you have to walk through the whole shop and "gym". It's certainly interesting, different than any bar I know. It's kind of an open area, so cold at night - but they've got heaters (yes, inside). Considering the sketchy neighborhood, I would never imagine something so cool there. Tons of vintage drinks served in big drink glasses and an awesome food menu. I'm excited to come here when it's open for a bit longer to indulge! I would recommend longer hours though, especially around the holidays. It's definitely someplace different to go to, and in Downtown Phoenix, there's not many of these places. Take a break from Lost Leaf and check this place out.
4	WOW--What a cool concept! They have a humongous, funky retail space, thats maybe half full of vintage fatigues.....old school soda bar....produce stand....home accessories & nic nacs etc..... On the other side there's an eclectic old bar that was transported to AZ from a Chicago jazz club(Super cool), old timey cocktails & beers.....The Margarita was a bit too tart(due to--too much "fresh lime juice"-def ask for a lil extra agave nectar) but the brisket sliders were to die for & the Noodle Krugel (SP.) was by far, one of the most amazing  mouth experiences I've had in a while!!! Thank you Ellen for the Suggestion!! On in all--super cool new DT Hangout spot! Ooooooooh & apparently on Wednesday nights their doing a "60's themed party" with funky decor & drink specials-they suggest coming in costume! I dig it!
1	The Duce is a disaster. As an Arizona native and a downtown local I root for cool interesting places downtown. I wanted to love this place. The 1st time we tried the Duce I was extremely let down by the customer service. The parking is atrocious. It's as if you are inconveniencing the staff by asking where you order food. They were out of just about everything we wanted to order. So disappointing. However I decided to give them a second shot. Everyone has a rough night. We went to an event there last night the entertainment by Scandalesque was AMAZING... same TERRIBLE customer service from the staff at the Duce. Management needs to wake up. Great concept. Horrific customer service and staff.
3	I was a little torn when picking my stars...I really want to like The Duce and think it has GREAT potential.  I love the space...very urban, cool and hip.  The problem is that if it is slow it is very apparent that it's slow, and it kind of feels like you are hanging out alone in the high school gym.  I also agree with other reviewers who note that The Duce is trying to be everything at once...it is a little confusing for the senses.The drinks are fantastic, love the bar, and the servers are super friendly.I have not tried the food, but have heard from friends that it's hit or miss.  That said, I like the space and concept enough that I'll be back!This is a good place to hang out and have drinks with a group.  Not sure if they have a "great" happy hour, but that would perk things up...the downtown crowd loves happy hours and there is not a lot of competition in this area.
4	Very, very hip, trendy place to hang out.  They have it all here. Great place for families and hipsters alike.  The shopping looks really cool with vintage clothing galore.  The PF Flyers were especially interesting.  Tried the famliy pack of Sliders, Brisket, Sausage, Meatball and Tuna. They also have Egg and Chicken I think.  Also tried the Apple Fritter desert.  Very good.  The night I went was the first night they tried music.  it seemed to go over well and the owner, Steve told me they plan to have more music acts in the coming months. Since I mentioned Steve, the owner, Let's go ahead and mention the staff.  The second I walked into the place I was greeted by an employee.  Welcomed and given the nickel tour.  The Staff at the bar and the trailer-kitchen (More about that in a min) were very friendly.  The creative use of the space was so interesting. Its one of those places that the first time you are there you just sit and look around the space.  Vintage records hang from the wall, An authentic Hamm's Bear beer statue. Original Brick walls and exposed building trusses. Now to the vintage Airstream travel trailer.  They use it as an outdoor kitchen. You order your food from a picnic table and they make it in the trailer/kitchen.  Very Cleaver.  For me, the best part was the vintage cocktails. I have been reading a lot about the trend to recreate old style cocktails that for one reason or another are not made anymore. Drinks like the old-fashion, the Cuba Libre, or Rusty Nail.  I could go on about the authentic soda fountain, the bakery and ice cream if I had more time. I will just say go to the Duce and see for yourself One slight bummer is the prices.  Slightly expensive. $8 bucks for 3 sliders.  $10 for a desert that was pretty small.  Cocktails are all $10 and above. They seem to try to offer some inexpensive alternatives $3 for PBR's and Hamm's beer.  That may be a fun novelty but the reason those beers are nearly defunct is because they suck. I guess if you want to save some cash by chocking down some horrible beer, Knock  yourself out.  But if you want to get something decent, you need to be prepared to pay just a little more at the Duce. All in all I highly recommend this place. Go check it out for yourself.  I know I am looking forward to my next visit.
3	I love the idea of the Duce, but it's not 100% realized yet.  I love the location.  It's great to bike there on the weekends.  We like to bike the Rio Salado restoration area, and the Duce is right on the way back.  It has a lot going on, and often the music is so loud it prevents conversation.  I went with a group of friends recently, and was kind of put off by how disorganized it was.  We stood around for a while in the bar area, and nobody offered us a menu or directed us to go order at the vintage trailer that serves as the kitchen.  I find the tables in the bar area to be completely uncomfortable (too high, awkward to get into, especially if you're wearing a dress, and there's nothing against which to lean).  But, if it's too cold to sit on the patio, those awful tables are pretty much your only option.  However, the food is fantastic.  I've never been disappointed.  The pecan-crusted french toast is delicious, and the build-your-own scrambles have somthing for everyone.  The bacon (ordered as a side) was fantastic.  I've only had breakfast here, so I can't comment on the sliders or the ribs.  The beer selection is horrible, but it's meant to be kitschy (Hamms, Old Style, etc.).  I am not charmed by drinks served in mason jars, either.   The merch is way over-priced, but the vintage bicycles are cool.  I've had wonderful treats at the soda fountain, but it was closed last time I stopped by (thirsty from a long bike ride).  As Sean S. pointed out, once they work out the kinks, the Duce will be swell.  But even with the kinks, it's a wonderful addition to the downtown scene.
3	01/20/11A group of girlfriends and I met here for happy hour and really enjoyed ourselves!  I arrived first and so was able to secure a parking spot right at the entrance of the venue.  The shopping area of this establishment was an eclectic mix of "vintage" and contemporary items ranging from leather jackets that sell by the pound and tree-hugger organic tees to hand-painted glasses and nostalgic candies in old-fashioned wrappers.  There's even a boxing rink for those who suddenly feel the itch to go a few rounds!  (Back to those vintage jackets- I took this to mean that every jacket was weighed and charged a fixed price per pound, but this wasn't so... Each jacket I tried on had a different dollar amount per pound assigned.  A gimmick that initially piqued my curiosity suddenly made me want to leave the shopping area and just head over to the restaurant and check out the drink and food offerings.)  The indoor dining area was set up for community-style dining, w/ long rectangular tables and high benches.  Outdoors, there were picnic tables and chairs on one side and a silver streamliner at the other where all food orders are placed, w/ people lining up to order, pay, and then retrieve their orders when called.  Another gimmick that I probably wouldn't mind if I were dining outside, but didn't care for since I was dining indoors w/ friends, a couple who'd ordered food and a couple who didn't, away from cigarette smoke and the cold air...Two of the three girlfriends had arrived before the 6p HH cut-off, but one, Linda, had to take a call, and she was therefore left out of the "duce off" each drink deal.  This was the first time I ever had a grasshopper (cremes de menthe and cacao and cream over ice), and I enjoyed it very much!  So much, I bought my own supplies  to make my own version a few days later!  The friend who was not given the discount had originally wanted a light beer (@ 5:50p), but was told none were offered here.  We all liked our selections and agreed that we'd very much like to meet again for HH.One of us is allergic to gluten (no, not me!) AND a vegetarian, so after she had asked HER set of questions, she ordered the omelet skillet, first w/ ingredients that the kitchen was out of (asparagus?), so she settled w/ mushrooms, spinach, and goat cheese.  She enjoyed the dish, and stated that the veggies were very fresh!  I had the Brisket sliders and an order of house-made potato crisps, which I was told were coated w/ EVOO and baked, not fried (the streamliner kitchen was not equipped w/ a fryer).  I found the chips to be too greasy and overcooked (see photos), but my gluten-free vegetarian friend found them addictive!  I liked the brisket sliders ("the best you've ever tasted," said a co-owner) at the restaurant, although I did find some of the meat tough to chew so I put those aside, but found the leftovers fatty and sinewy- a chore to chew- the next day.  Not worth ordering again.  Linda decided to order dessert to share- the baked cinnamon-pecan French toast.  This sweet looked so enticing that I finally broke down and tried it, even though I have a pecan allergy.  I ate the caramelized toast pieces around the nuts (which doesn't prevent an allergic response since the oil is baked throughout the dessert) and found THIS delight addictive!  I hope the kitchen comes up w/ other versions that use other nuts, such as walnuts, almonds, even hazelnuts...Those of us that sampled the food agreed that while we may not be in a hurry to come back for a meal, us meeting here for happy hour is certainly not out of the question!
4	Ok, most of my prior review still holds.  The Duce is still a strange space.  And it is still great with a group.  I returned on a Friday night with a group of about ten people.  No problem getting a table (a nice big table outside) and it was not too loud.  We ordered an assortment of sliders and the corn slices.  OMG!  The corn and the brisket sliders are FANTASTIC.  (I would go back just for the corn.)  Drinks are big and good.  Waitstaff is a mixed bag...we were actually charged different prices for beer depending on which server rang us up (slightly annoying and a little weird).  There also was some magic in figuring out which server would take food orders.  One extra cool thing, the patio is in the flight path going into and coming out of sky harbor, so you can watch the airplanes pass overhead while sipping retro cool cocktails on the patio outside the airstream.  That is pretty darned hip for Phoenix.
4	This place is very intriguing!  I love the old-reclaimed atmosphere in downtown Phoenix.There is ALOT going on at The Duce and it is hard to take it all in at one visit.  The staff there were very helpful and introduced us to different venues.We had dinner and enjoyed the variety of sliders, salads and corn coins.  I think their lemonade is some of the BEST.  They are very reasonably priced also.4 stars?  No diet drinks!  You would think that they would at least carry a TAB!I'll be back!
1	To this date I have attempted to go to the Duce: 1...2...3...4 times.  And each time was without avail.  First time was Mother's day 2010.  Trying to prove to my mother that Downtown Phoenix was up and coming I brought my mom to the hip new place just south of the tracks.  Upon arrival it became clear that parking was an issue.  Since there was a baseball game several blocks away I gave up trying to find a parking spot after THIRTY(!) minutes.  With all the property surrounding the Duce being chain-linked fence street parking was the only option.  For some reason new business think that they can negate the overarching car culture of Phoenix and require people to walk long distances to participate in their new business.  Second time I went on a Tues, a day they had been open the week before, learned through my personal phone call.  Well, it they decided to change their hours that week...boohoo me.  3rd time I can't even remember the circumstances, because I just became so accustomed to the place being closed.  And that brings us to today, my final attempt.  There has been much "hype" about this wonderful place.  A place with food, boxing, and of course drinking.  But when I roll up on my bicycle at 4:45pm on a Sunday I hardly expect a place of this nature to be closed in the early afternoon on a beautiful day as today.  But alas, strike 3! You're out!  And that's only because I count the first attempt as a Ball due to the baseball game.  Recently at a customer service seminar(yes, I am a professional) I was given the statistic that 87% of customers will give a business 2 chances and then never return.  My math states that I've given the Duce twice as many chances and they have failed.  Sorry that I will never be able to taste your delicious drinks, overpriced everything, and lack of parking.
3	Was at The Duce last night partying with a group of people from my husbands work (it was a surprise party for the owners birthday). Although my husband and I had a really good time, I think it was mostly because of the entertainment which my husbands company hired (Doors cover band flown out from NY, hello, hella good!). But when rating the actual food, drinks, service, and venue of The Duce, everything was very mediocre I felt. The drinks were ok although made pretty dang strong. The food had its ups and downs. We were pretty much able to try everything from the corn coins, to the maple ribs, to the Noodle Kugel, to a majority of the sliders (Meatball, Brisket, Caprese, and Chicken Sausage) along with 2 salads (I believe one was the Duce salad and the other was the farmers market salad) along with their home made see through greasy potato crisps. The only thing that my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed was the Brisket sliders which were absolutely delicious. Problem was that the Brisket sliders went fast and there was no effort to refill them until close to the end of the party. When we did notice there was more, we grabbed a few and even though they were ice cold, they were still the best thing there. The meatball sliders were ok as well...Aside from those two things, not impressive food wise. For dessert, they were passing around smore cheesecake which was alright I guess but not anything spectacular. Now on to the atmosphere... it was kinda a shmorgusboard (however you spell it) of random stuff in a big warehouse. There were not very many tables although they could have been cleared out for our event, not sure. My husband and I agreed that this place could be really good as a concert venue that sells food and drink as it was a good place to see the show last night. However, it doesn't sound like they have bands there often and The Doors cover band we saw last night was at my husbands companies expense. Finally, the parking seems like it can be a bit stressful if you are not using valet which was complimentary for us last night (not sure if that was on the company or not). I will conclude with this: The Duce was a decent place to host a party and have a band come in and play. They seemed to cater to the party I attended very well although the people hosting are rich so I am not sure if or how much money played a part. Would I go here again on my own though to have a meal or drink? Most definitely not. It is a really far drive from Maricopa and totally not worth it.
5	I live in Albuquerque and want a 'Duce location here!!  I was in Phoenix visiting some friends for my birthday and went here for breakfast/lunch on a Sunday.  I love the old converted Airstream kitchen and the antique and vintage touches all over the place.  The food was excellent, atmosphere so fun and the service was super friendly!!  They even heard us talking about it being my birthday and brought over some amazing s'more sweet potato cheesecake with a candle on top and sang to me!  It was too-die-for!!!  What a great place, although I did feel a lil' guilty watchin' the people in the room next to us breaking a good sweat doin' a circuit-training class.  But they all were smiling and happy to enjoy the delicious menu after.  On my way out I wandered over to the clothing shop side of the restaurant and bought a cool funky t-shirt.  I am sold on the whole building and vibe of The 'Duce and can't wait to come back!!
5	I LOVE this place!  The owner Steve, rocks!  It's an eclectic mix of 1950's antiques, movies in the background, boxing ring, outdoor patio, unique clothes line and forthcoming "Pie Hole" for fresh pies!  He has a blend of everything for everyone and the atmosphere is local, urban, energetic, and tons of space!  Food and drinks are excellent and Steve talks to everyone!If that isn't enough, go on a Sunday for his Punch & Crunch Brunch!  That is a workout you won't forget and work up an appetite for a great brunch!  You aren't a Phoenix Hipster unless you've been here!
2	I know my reviews of the Duce are all over the place, but I am now starting to think my good experience was a fluke.  The food is good, and they have fresh squeezed grapefruit juice...a must for a serious greyhound...but the service is ghastly.  The Duce is mostly counter service, but there are no signs indicating that, so customers are confused (which typically makes people uncomfortable).  The owners and people who work there will come up to you, but it's mostly to chatter or punch you in the shoulder, then they wander off.  There is no guidance about how to order or how things work.  It's as if you are in someone else's house and you don't know how to behave and your host is offering no guidance.  If fact, I think this is the primary issue...the owners run the Due like someplace they'd like to hang out, forgetting that their vision may not be intuitive to others.I've had a good experience with the food and the drinks, and I still think it is a cool hip space, but I find the service issues so disruptive that the Duce has dropped to my "in a pinch, can't think of anyplace else to go with a group" list, which is a bummer, because if this issue were corrected it could be a great hangout.
3	I'm not sure if I would come back.  We went to The Duce around 7:45pm and parking was hard to come by.  Maybe I'm too cheap to do valet but we had to hoof it cause something was going on downtown because the side streets had alot of parked cars.  The environment was loud and fun.  It was kind of hard to find our way around.  First we wandered through the store and found ourselves standing in front of a boxing ring.  After throwing a few punches into the body bag we wandered to the bar.  We were trying to decided where to place our order.  Food was different as far as taste and blends.  But it was okay.  I was really hoping that the food be dang good but it was just okay.  We ordered the half rack ribs and Chicago dog with potatoe crisp with bottled root beers.  Not impressed.  The root beer was awesome!  When the food was ready they called out our orders on a megaphone.  We couldn't hear it because of the DJ and karaoke.  Oh and the serviced sucked too.Alot of social bugs showed up on a tour bus and the place started jumping.  It was fun and a great place to socialize and drink some expensive beer.
3	This is a long one but I think you will get some good info....I hope. I had a blast at the Duce on Saturday night. However I don't think the Duce had anything to do with it. I was there to see super happy fun time burlesque show. It was amazing! The only reason the Duce received 3 stars instead of 2 is because they allowed this show to go on. Lets start from the beginning. Parking - Free valet - Awe-some! I had read past reviews that said parking was an issue. I am not sure if the free valet is for show nights only or if it's just a fix based on past reviews. Either way it's good work!Entering the Duce- It is pretty cool to walk into the outside. You really can not tell you are still outside unless you look up. The decor is old school and I love it. You order your food in the first leg of the Duce race. It's a little streamline trailer that cooks the food. When we arrived we stood in quite a line. Everyone coming in or leaving were bumping into you in line because the douchy scottsdale people decided they would stand and fist bump each other right in the middle of the isle way. I really felt like I was in Scottsdale for a minute. I mean they had tons of seating in that area that wasn't in the direct path of EVERYONE. I guess they wouldn't have been noticed as much though. Uhhh this is why I stick to Phoenix. They shouldn't be allowed in our hood! ;)Food - We ordered our food and it suuuuuucked. We got the brisket sliders and the sweet potato chips. They put brown sugar on the sweet potato chips! They need salt to balance them....not more sugar. The sliders had a sauce that was not pleasant at all...even my partner in crime did not like them and he eats anything. * read below about the horrible employee who takes your food order. Saving Grace- Pudding Cake with banana, walnuts and whipped cream on top. Oh my .... it was one of the best deserts I have ever had. It wasn't too sweet but just the right yum a yum yum. That same partner in crime is not a fan of sweets but he helped me with it. I was bummed because I wanted to try the baked apple pancake but they said they didn't have it. So I got the pudding cake and I am happy I did. Next you enter the bar area. It's your typical bar area with an old B of a bartender. Thank goodness I got the nice guy. I was able to order my drinks really quick even though the place was pretty crowded. I decided to try something different and went with a Moscow Mule. It was really good! They do not skimp on the alcohol which is fantastic for all involved. They are all made in super cute mason jars and garnished to eye catching perfection. They also use a lot of fresh fruit etc. Awesome! One of the best I have experienced. Then you move into the boxing ring/ store area. They have vintage military items and old girly trinkets. It's very cool. They didn't have any of the lights on to buy anything which I thought was crazy. I would have spent a ton but oh well. Then the show went on in the boxing ring. The show was awesome!Later on in the night I wanted a strawberry lemonade so I went to where we ordered our food because that is where you get the fresh lemonade. The same two people were there and one had 5 people she was helping at her little mixed drink bar and the other was just standing by the lemonade. So I asked her can I get a drink from you? She said in a nasty tone "not a mixed drink". I said how about a strawberry lemonade? She said NOPE you need to get it from her. I was thinking how weird that was because she was standing by the lemonade and just needed to grab 2 strawberries. But I guess I was interrupting her doing nothing. So I slid back over to the line and the nice lady put 2 strawberries in my cup and that stupid younger girl with the blackish/reddish bob brought over a glass of lemonade! WTF?!? The only reason she did that is because the bartender supervisor/manager guy had come over to check on things. I was so pissed. Lazy! Avoid Her!!!Oh, and I am dying to know why the owner was interrupting the leader of the group at the end of the show. He looked mad so it was either he was mad it ran a bit over or it was too much. I think he was mad it ran late. I mean who wants to make a ton of money and only have to stay open until 12:00am?So to sum it all up - Service terribleFood- TerribleEnvironment - Good Parking - Good
1	Unlike other reviewers,we had no trouble finding a parking place. But our big problem was trying to figure out why anyone would want to come here in first place. During recent lunch-hour weekday visit (place was essentially empty except for two guys at bar, a bewildered tourist trying to figure out what was going on and a few employees, one on floor painting signs), you may well feel you have  stumbled into some sort of boho work-in-progress in an old block-long warehouse in charm-free neighborhood south of downtown proper. Cheery young female employee who greeted us tried to explain what the mind-reeling business operation was all about--but it was pretty clear she wasn't very sure herself.  Is it a bar? A  gym? A restaurant? A clothing store? A concert venue? A tax write-off? Take your pick.Walk into this industrial cavern and you must immediately navigate a weird obstacle course fronted by a boxing ring (a souvenir from a past tenant? who knows? and why put it right in front there when rest of building has plenty of other space?) , followed by a few makeshift kiosks stocked with a smattering of tee shirts, vintage clothing and several faux retro cookbooks. On one side of building is a non-operative supposedly soon-to-open soda fountain. . .or so we were told, even though other reviewers have raved about it. On other side  is a bar where we unsuccessfully attempted to order iced tea (probably only place in Phoenix that doesn't serve it) and got dirty look from surly young bartender in the process.Appeared to be some sort of dining area in open storage yard/garage  to the rear but at this point, who cared? A very bizarre, over-hyped establishment attempting  to fill a merchandising niche that probably doesn't even exist.
5	The Duce is a truly majestic place. If there's a place even remotely like The Duce in Los Angeles, then I need to know about it, RIGHT NOW. Please? Their whole set up is unconventional, which I love. Confusing, but wonderful. I'm rooting on their team for sure. Where else can you watch a guy practice boxing in a real boxing ring, shop for vintage goodies, sit on wooden bleachers your grandparents probably sat on in high school, buy a pie from a pie bar, get a soda pop from a soda bar, order your food from a trailer AND eat an out-of-this-world brunch, all in the same building. That's incomparable folks! Let's talk about their brunch. Fresh squeezed OJ? Divine. Cinnamon pecan french toast? Count me in! A bowl of fresh fruit? You'll never have to ask me twice. But the egg sliders? That's some crazy deliciousness goin' on right there. My sunnies are off to whoever came up with that idea. You did my stomach right and I wish I could shake your hand(s). I'll definitely be hanging out at The Duce when I'm in Phoenix again. Until then, I'll be recommending this place to every. single. person. I. know.
4	Great place and experience. Food and beer cocktails were great. The scene is laid back and fun. There is something for everyone here. Enjoy it for what it is a great retro bar serving old school beer you wont find anywhere else so don't be whining for the latest micro brew or looking for the Scottsdale scene here. Parking is easy in the back alley and side streets. On weekend nights I'd like to see a separate entrance if you want to go just for the food and not have to pay the cover for the band. A fun place for kids too.
5	Went here after the Critical Mass bike ride last night.  We had so much fun!  It was a great night to sit on the patio.  There was 80s karaoke.  I've only eaten breakfast here, so it was good to check out the other offerings.  My friends got a salad that looked fantastic.  Another friend got the biscuit sliders, and said they were yummy.  I wasn't hungry, but I did sample the homemade chips, both regular potato and sweet potato.  Both were delicious, but I thought the sweet potato chips had a more complex, interesting flavor.  We drank too many mojitos and mingled with our fellow bicyclists into the night.  The venue was very accommodating, and had set aside an area for us to lock up our bikes.  Fun!  Oh, and news flash!  The Duce will soon carry Rock Springs famous pies!!!
3	The Duce is really unique. It's like a big warehouse full of most of the stuff I could ever want. The store has some pretty cute stuff, but it can be pretty overpriced for just adding one embellishment to a plain white pair of  long underwear. I have sucked it up in the past and purchased an old French ammunition bag that had a couple embellishments added onto it and to this day it's one of my favorites and gets tons of comments when I bring it along with me.They have stuff for men, women, and shoes and housewares as well. Lots of nice vintage sports wear for men, purses and clothes for women, perfumes and body lotions and the like, vintage glasses, bowls and cookware as well as cookbooks. But.. it's not just a store. There's also a soda and coffee shop which are vintage and adorable. Every time I've been there though, they've never been open :(Also, there's a boxing ring. Yes. A real one.When you made it past the wares you'll find a huge gorgeous antique bar with all the typical drinks as well as the vintage. You can get an Old Fashioned here. A real one. I introduced a friend to Old Fashions for the first time here. He couldn't take them. Ha.Outside and inside has seating to drink or eat or chit chat and the patio out back has a food truck for the cookin'. You can get sliders, appetizers, breakfast... and nothing I've had is bad.Beware on hot days though, there's no air or wasn't last year and we roasted in July.
2	This is a cool place for low key hanging out, killing time, chatting and relaxing with friends.  It is NOT a good night spot and doesn't work as an event venue like they seem to be trying to make it.I've attended 2 events there and its basically a disaster in trying to make your way through the 200-300 patrons they bring in.  You get funneled in past the food trailer into the bar area which is packed with people standing among several oversized tables.  Only if you've been there before can you figure out that you can walk towards the boxing ring past the crowd to get behind the stage and into the retail area.  Once there you have to get a spot among the wares to watch the back (or the side) of the show that is going to take place facing the bar.  Both times I stood the entire night with my drink next to a display of $50 t-shirts.  Very nerve wracking and annoying.1.  The old timey way they make drinks is very cool and the drinks are delicious but I have waited now 35 and 45 minutes each on different nights to actually get a single mixed cocktail.  Its insane how slow it is.2.  There are rules to what you can get at which station.  One spot is just wine.  Another spot is just mixed drinks.  Lemonade - oh thats a different place entirely.  3.  They use the boxing ring as the "stage" for shows.  Very hard to view the show there because of the odd angle its at.  Both times I've had to stand in the retail area while the performers faced the seating/bar area (which only seats about 75 people).To pay more than $10 to see a performance at this place is outrageous.  If the owners want to be an event venue they could do it simply by doing some rearranging and investing in some more seating.
4	This place deserves a great review for it's concept and uniqueness. Don't come here if you are expecting the norm.  This multi purpose building (boxing gym, bar, clothing shop, bike shop, bar, pie shop, restaurant) can be a one stop shop for just about anyone.  I have not had the pies but the food and drink menu is definitely up to par with the great detail that has been put here.  Don't let the area freak you out, yes its a bit dead and maybe not the best place to ride your cruiser too but definitely worth a shot.
5	The best place I have ever been to ever.I was walking by, then I saw a boxing area which I thought "how random and cool !!", then when I peaked inside and saw some random t-shirts, old soda's, a classic food truck, old movies playing,,, and all put together in a great way.I tried their jack daniels pecan pie, with a cup of coffee,,, the best thing that I have ever had,,, it's a to die for.
5	Should you ever find yourself in need of a vintage french military jacket, a deviled egg platter, a pair of PF Flyers and a quick spar in the boxing ring, all with a side of delicious meatball sliders and a gimlet, The Duce has you covered.  Love it.  Love that it's close to work.  My new fave! :)
4	I'm a huge fan of the duce because it has great sliders and cheap beer.  The setting is different but very enjoyable.  My recommendation is to get a brisket sliders with a miller high life.  You will be loving life after that.  If you are looking for a cool, new, but different scene this is the place.  I will be going back for punch and pie.
4	Been a fan since we walked through the door and explored 14,000 sq ft of fun.  Tips for others would be 1-come with a nickname 2- order drinks at the bar, food at the airstream and 3- don't be afraid to ask someone what the story is if you aren't sure how to navigate the grounds...  Love the Duce in that it is community friendly and very inclusive.  For those who like to work before play, join a small group of fitness friends for Punch, Crunch and Brunch Sundays @ 10am.  Get your workout in, and then your drink on... great way to kick-off your Sunday.
5	Went here for a birthday party in which my classmates rented out the whole place.  This place has awesome decor and im happy with the location.  I wish Phoenix had more original bars like this.  The food was tasty, the cocktails outstanding, and the beer service was good.
5	Really like this place.  Went on Tues. evening around 8.  Free valet.  Fresh squeezed juices.  Warehouse...Other reviewers who have rated it high have said it all.  I just wanted to add that if you go during the summer months, it is HOT!  They have swamp coolers that work hard, but don't quite make it cool everywhere.  Neat that on this night, they had a huge line up of bands and there were two stages.  While one band played, the other set up so there was literally no downtime.  Would like to go back.
3	Three stars, may have been four if there was some type of air conditioning system (it's at least 100 degrees in the summer, all day and night, how do you expect me to eat in that weather?).Order food at an Airstream and they'll call your name/nickname when your order is up. I enjoyed the Strawberry & Pecan salad, the Coca Cola came in the tall version of the old bottles, glass. I also ordered the Brisket Sliders, which were really nothing to write home about, save for the bread which was delicious. Had I been drinking, their cocktails looked particularly fun. They had some specials posted around also. The decor is certainly neat to browse, has sort of an "amercian gypsy" or "high class retro trash" feel. Had it been in the fall/winter/spring I would have found the unique bench-seating more appealing, however I was sweating profucely on the vinyl and had to sit on a few paper towels so that I wouldn't slide off (I am also 5'3 so I felt like I child in a booster seat bc my feet did not reach the floor). The fan was particularly awesome, must have been an airplane propeller, as it was HUGE yet not effective in cooling. Shop merch was fun to scan, but nothing that I would purchase. I will try again when I can drink and when it isn't above 90 degrees outside.
5	I love the Duce! It's definitely one of the things I miss most about Phoenix since I now live in Flagstaff. My friends and I used to dress in our finest vintage and go on Wednesday nights for karaoke; it was so fun! The DJ is awesome and has so many songs (we've sang- and danced to- most of them). My favorite drinks are the Grasshopper and the Duce Lemonade. My friend likes the Basil Gimlet. Let me tell you, though...the apple pancake is worth the wait! You have to try this thing, it's crazy incredible (and huge)! I've tried the brisket sliders; the sauce was a little sweet for my taste but the meat and buns were great. We also ventured over to the soda fountain and I decided it was a good night to try the infamous giant shake/sundae and um, it was incredible- three scoops of ice cream (I chose three different flavors), fresh raspberries, bananas, and I don't even know what else! I have some pretty fond memories of taking my friend down in the wrestling ring while wearing a 1960's shift and pearl earrings and the time I found the love of my life, Cocoa Wheats, available for purchase and the owner made them for us right on the spot!!! I absolutely can't wait to go back to the Duce next time I'm in town!
4	I don't even know where to begin with my description of the Duce. I guess I will start with my first impression. I learned about the Duce about a year ago so decided to stop by and check it out. I drove to an industrial area of Downtown Phoenix behind the stadiums and found myself at an old warehouse claiming to be The Duce. I parked in a tiny parking lot and walked through what looked like use to be an old garage door entrance. As I entered, I didn't even know where to begin looking! It's filled with every fun and quirky element around. There are small pods owned by different vendors who sell things like vintage college attire, natural products like soap and lotions, locally made jewelery and yes, even items like vintage beach cruisers. They have a huge vintage boxing ring in the middle along with other antique workout gear that's still able to be used (and it is used!). To the left, they recently brought in the famous Rock Spring Pies! You've GOT to try one if you haven't yet. They melt in your mouth. Especially the Jack Daniels Pecan Pie. Then to the right lives a garage-like restaurant with great drink specials, a picnic/backyard atmosphere with a large patio and they host a variety of special events and live music throughout the year. This spot is definitely cool and worth checking out many times over again.
5	I loved this place.  I can't wait to come back and bring some girlfriends.  This place is so different, I told my husband this is what I imagine a bar in Alabama might look like, kind of Hillbilly cool without the banjos.   LOVED, LOVED, LOVED it.  The drinks are amazing.  I had a couple of the mojitos and they were delicious.  The drinks are made with fresh squeezed juices and you can taste it. My hubby had the Duce Margarita and he said it was fantastic.  We ate a selection of the sliders.  My favorites in order were the egg, brisket, cheese, meatball, chicken sausage.  I also had the sweet potato crisps.  Yummy sweet potato chips, Andy the owner told me they baked them not fried, bonus.  Music is loud, and the ambiance is so much fun.  Andy is so nice and friendly, can't wait to share this experience again.
5	So unexpected, so fun, so yummy!The venue is a huge space.  Retro w/o being trying too hard.  Loved having a DJ spinning motown.  I'm struggling to think of a place in town with drinks as terrific as these.  All are made from scratch as each drink is made.  Fruit cut, oranges squeezed on a per drink basis.  And the sliders are a treat, especially the brisket.  We were there on a slower night and still had a blast.  I'd love to see what it is like when it is really hopping.  Can't think of a better place to take a big crew.
2	I am new to Phoenix and have heard about this place so we stopped there for lunch today. It was 110 degrees outside and I would never think any place with no a/c would be open. The place had fans, but it was just blowing hot air throughout the tin roof building. I read through these reviews and am surprised the air conditioning was only mentioned once. We were literally sweating the whole time and couldn't enjoy the atmosphere or food because of the heat. Granted we were the only two there eating lunch so locals probably know to not eat here when it is hot outside. But why the heck would you be open and put your employees through the torture?!
3	We went one Friday night, it was kinda dead... They had karaoke. The music was a bit too loud for the ratio of people that were there. It was way too hot even with the "big ass fan" on full blast. I know Phoenix had the hottest August this year. Installing misters would help to cool the place. The old fashion cocktails was yummy! I had the grasshopper, it was like eating a chocolate mint patty. Hmmmm....mint patty....The Duce is a fusion venue. There were clothing and bags for sale. Ice cream and juice bar. Boxing ring and punching bag. LOL Get drunk then go take the frustration out on the punching bag. LOL I thought the place was really cool except for the temperature. It definitely needs more promotion and marketing to bring the place to life.
5	Not sure if you'd call this place a restaurant, an amusement park, a vintage clothing store, or a soundstage for a '30's Chicago boxing movie.  I just know I love any excuse to go there and have fun! Steve and Andi have created a one of a kind place with something for everyone.  If you're looking for some place memorable to take visiting guests, think this place.  I think this year's Christmas wish list is going to be "anything vintage from the store at The Duce."
3	Took my brother and sister-in-law here to see the live music and enjoy the finally cooler weather central phx has to offer...we had a good time.  I heard there was karaoke here though, and i guess we came on the wrong night, we would of really loved to see some ppl go crazy on the stage--which is a boxing ring!  We had Whiskey Sours, that were served with fruit and mint on the rim in mason jars--really good!  The potato crisps were not that great---and really expensive.  Overall, the place wasn't too crowded and we were able to enjoy the music without ppl stepping on our toes and decent seating. Oh, and i love how they have Valet parking---didn't have to worry about finding a parking on the street in case the very tiny parking lot was full.
5	This is a awesome little funky spot!It seems to house a bar/restaurant, a boxing club and some other space that was having some kind of yoga thing the morning we went.The food and service were both outstanding. I ordered a skillet scramble with mushrooms, bacon and gruyere. My gf ordered the cinnamon pecan french toast with bacon.This place is great, try it if you haven't!
4	What The Duce!?For starters, where the heck is this place? At first, I wasn't sure if I should be walking in simply because the factory workshop look threw me off!  Um ... hello?  No worries, once we walked into the store area that's when the fun started.  This place really got my interest.  Seems to me you can purchase some vintage items and clothes.  They had stadium-seating area with a projector screen, an ice cream shake area, boxing ring, and a small gym -- where the heck am I!   We finally found the restaurant area shortly.  The kitchen is an old school food truck, then again everything about this place is old school; chairs, tables, etc.  I ordered the sliders because it was a recommendation - meatball, chicken sausage, and bbq brisket.  A bottle of coke -- yep it figures.  Meatball sliders were the best of the 3, the sausage was definitely and acquired taste.   My sis, had the eggs and avocado one and it was okay.  I enjoy my visit to the Duce simply because of it's odd ball nature.  It's definitely an experience wortha visit.  -  Enjoy!
5	Unique environment. Good food (meatball and brisket sliders) and lemonade cocktails on a sunny fall afternoon.
4	Fun place! Love all the old fashioned drinks and pie!
4	DELICIOUS drinks! everything is super fresh. great food also. i recommend the meat ball sliders. wash it down with a greyhound while you're at it...just don't leave you beverage on the windowsill in the dining area. it opens up to an alley and bums WILL steal your drink. no joke. i watched a bum steal my friends drink. aside from the area the duce is at...it's a pretty awesome place. i'll be back...and as for the bums?i will be watching...oh yes, i will be watching.
4	I love this place, but the drinks are expensive. I suppose that it's good that the drinks are organic, but there are a bit pricey to make it a regular visit. I have not yet been for happy hour and generally the place is empty which surprises me. What I like... The DJ is awesome (after 9). He plays oldies that are fun to dance to, karaoke then top 40 dance songs. He always gives me a good energy. The food is delicious. Sliders are yummy. The Duce salad is yummy. Homemade chips are yummy! The drinks are delicious, yet some are pricey. My drink of choice here is the large Moscow Mule. It's so yummy. What bothers me... Not a lot of people there. Sometimes there's a bunch of teenagers. There's so much going on... Soda fountain, food in a trailer and drinks at the bar. I can't just order everything from my table. Honestly, it's more good then bad. I love the atmosphere and energy and everyone who works there is super nice. I would like to become a regular.
1	This place is really fake - I would never recommend it!! I mean it's fake because they are trying WAY to hard to be hip and laid-back, but it isn't at all. I have to say that I've only gone there twice, both for friends' birthdays so I've never eaten or shopped there. You basically have 2 options if you're going to drink alcohol - gross beer (the priciest of the 5 beers they have is PBR) or REALLY expensive cocktails. There is nothing in between. Not even a Bud Light or a well drink. The staff is rude and the DJ is horrible. I won't be surprised if this place closes soon.
2	It was an interesting experience coming to Duce. I couldn't tell what the place was. Bar part restaurant part boxing gym part clothing store.  It would have been nice to have gotten an explanation as to what Influenced the design. The service was some of the worst I have ever seen. The woman who took our order was very rude and unhelpful.  Several times everyone in our party saw her giving us evil looks from behind the bar. Very awkward. On the bright side the food was great. The rib and brisket sliders were delicious. Another let down was that there were no free refills. That would have been fine if the drinks weren't served in kid sized glasses. To conclude, the poor service cost Duce a good review and a repeat customer. There. Good food is not enough to get me to go back. Instead next time I'm on that side of town looking for bite to eat I will go to Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles across the street.
5	Love this place! If you haven't tried it you have to go, a little out of the way in downtown Phoenix but completely worth it! I recommend stopping buy on a weekend night, bar, patio and dance floor are usually packed. Great atmosphere. Drinks are a little pricey but they use organic liquor&produce which makes it totally worth it. Food is awesome, their shortrib sliders& mac-n cheese muffins are phenomenal! Now to address another point to this Scott B. that posted his opinion on here awhile back. I would like to just touch on a few of your idiotic points. First off 6 dollar beer? If you took the time to read the menu you would have realized all beers are 3 dollars, not 6. Second of all I am very curious to know where you saw hamburgers on the menu? I have been a Duce patron since it first opened its doors and have never once seen that on the menu.. but they must because you said they do, right? And about your last comment about the owner... I'm sure Steve would be more than willing to arrange a meeting with you so you could tell him all about his "little man's complex". Bottom line is you have now managed to thoroughly make a fool out of yourself on the internet. To avoid further embarrassment on the web I suggest either staying away from the computer or coming up with some legitimate facts before posting. Thanks.
4	This place is great - another staple to downtown phoenix.  So hoping it sticks around and does not end up going under due to its off the beaten path location.  This place is pretty much anything you want it to be... Boxing - CheckSwing (Dancing!) Lessons - CheckOld Fashion Ice Cream - Check Awesome Bar - Check (Duce Lemonade is AMAZING) Hula Hoops - Check DJ - CheckFood - A-Ok, options are a bit strange Price - A little high for the drinks and the foodStaff - super coolCHECK IT OUT!
3	I went there a couple weeks ago with my girlfriend and we decided to order the french toast and a side of scrambed eggs with spinach and chicken sausage. The food was pretty good especially the french toast, but the service didn't match. Well I guess the service did match...the name that is. If the food wasn't as good as it was  I would've given this place 2 stars. My girlfriend wanted to order coffee and they told her that they were all out. There was only one pot sitting at the counter and it was empty. One pot??? For a place this big they only make one pot of coffee??? A couple of minutes after we ordered our food a two people walked up and ordered theirs. Our food came out somewhat fast, but theirs did not. They didnt get their food until at least 15 min after we ate ours. A couple of others walked up to order coffee and the host/server said they were out. The guy asked if they could make more but all the server could say was "we've been getting orders for coffee all day and we keep running out.". The guy asks if they could make more and the server just throws his arms up. The man looked pretty upset and just walked away. He couldve just took a couple mins to brew a fresh batch but didn't. This place needs to get better training for their servers.
1	I wish I had read the reviews of the Duce before agreeing to meet loved ones there for brunch.  The reviews would have told me everything I needed to know.  Rude, inattentive staff, confusing lay out, ridiculously priced drinks, and good food if they aren't out of it.  $12 for a bloody mary?  I don't think they even charge that at the Jade Bar at Sanctuary.  We should have gone to Windsor which has $5 bloody marys for brunch.  No wonder we were the ONLY people eating brunch. I was infuriated with the lackadaisical attitude of the order takers and the "cooler than thou" vibe of the bartender...wow...muddling an olive into "organic" vodka is really cool! and the fact that there was no effort at all to assist navigating the confusing layout.  Drinks and food from separate areas..just a clusterf*** of a concept.  I don't think the owner is reading these reviews because the only thing that is constant is how bad the service is.  I will never waste another dime there.
5	Let's start at the top, the drinks are outstanding.  There's no other place to get a 24ish ounce jar of Old Fashioned that was perfect for two people, and not just the volume was impressive, the drink itself was top notch.  Followed by some cranberry drink with enough vodka to knock out a horse, but tasted like I was drinking straight juice, very well done.  For food we ordered three items off the menu, all were good, but the surprising star in the food category was the home made chips.  No doubt I will be back.
4	Everybody calm down. Put your Two Door Cinema Club and Andrew Bird albums away. I see you have the newest Apple product...   alas, they are no auditions happening at this time for Portlandia in this place.Ok now I have that of the way. Aside from the iconic NW drab and decor, the Duce is the best place you dont want to enjoy. Reason being is, the place cultivates trend, and epitomizes liberality from the AZ Scottsdale gilded cake faces and shiny car Dbags. A centralized focus on passive cult trends and proactive enthusiasm for the antipodes.I see the NW, where the happiest excitement in life is to be convinced that one is fighting for all one is worth on behalf of some clearly seen and deeply felt good, and against some greatly scorned evil. Welcome to AZ.R\_NOte, Trying to cover the overhead? PBR? 3 dollars?  Easy breezy...it is just beer. Kinda $$$.
4	This place gets four stars because of the atmosphere and the food. The atmosphere is unlike anything else in Phoenix with picnic tables, mason jars, hula hoops, and a good DJ on the weekend. Don't be in a hurry here though, as all the employees seem to take their time to get anything done, regardless of how busy it is.
5	Oh how I love this place. Let me count the ways:THE PLACE: Its beautifully industrial, vintage-trailer-park-chic, best-friend's-backyard sort of place. There is no roof, no windows and no overhead lighting. The white Christmas lights surround the walls all-year round and the rows of pinic tables are decorated with fresh flowers regardless how many times people grab them as hair decorations. The food truck is located inside the metal-sheet walls and the makeshift yet beautiful bathrooms remind you that a lot of care was put into this place. On the other side of the bar a whole warehouse of vintage furniture, farmer's market items and games (like hula hooping and darts) make it the larges adult playground ever.THE DRINKS: Mason jar placed and perfectly executed, they have a full built-in bar with an extensive original cocktail list and a patio bar with a smaller one. The cranberry cobbler is sweet, tart and not overly girly. The mojito is tart yet well executed and the drinks are very approachable at a $8-10 for liquor $3 for beer. Every single cocktail is made with fresh fruit, as you see the bartender grab an orange/grapefruit/lemon from the baskets and cut/juice them for each glass, adding agave nectar for extra sweetness. Its as fresh as it gets and incredibly surprising at a night time bar.THE PEOPLE: Pretty awesome, both for the working folk as well as the attendees. The bartender in the patio area was very nice and funny and managed to keep a smile despite my friend's glass-breaking, drink-spilling, loud-acting debauchery. She deserves a gold medal for that crap. The strangers were friendly and everyone seemed very open to meeting each other.THE KARAOKE: Damn that DJ has a voice. A very sultry sultry, should've-joined-a-90s-boy-band voice. All the basics were covered, from Celine Dion to Mariah Carey to Tina Turner. Everyone did an excellent job at background singers/dancers and many rocked our socks off with their crazy good voices. The song book was extremely extensive and the DJ did a great job at keeping the mood positive and fun.THE OVERALL: The vibe is chill, its drunken, its party mode, its hang-out mode. Its everything you want and more. There isn't a bouncer to stare you down and threaten to kick you out if you don't behave, nor a server that clearly hates her life but is still there serving you a PBR, nor the slutty cocktail-dress dramaholic looking for her pop-collar jersey shore prince. The people want to be there and the image of people riding vintage bicycles around the warehouse is unique, kinda like this place. No hipsters, no douchebags no yuppies. Just people. Its good to see that once in a while, ya know?
4	I went to this place on a Pub Crawl last night. It's  my new favorite spot. Hipsters galore, an ice cream parlor, great DJ, a boxing ring and I can pick up some vintage salt and pepper shakers....sold! It was 80's night last night and it was totally rad. :) I will come back here on my next trip for sure.
4	I passed this place one night while leaving Lolo's Chicken and Waffles and thought it looked like a cool spot. One of my Meetup groups was having an event there so I decided to go check it out. This converted warehouse has a vintage clothing store, bar, dance floor, boxing ring, and food truck. I went on a Saturday night and the DJ was great. He played hits from the 90s to current hits. Later in the evening the DJ opened the floor up for anyone wanting to sing karaoke. He had pretty much any song you would want to sing. I decided to try the brisket sliders because everyone on Yelp was raving about them. They came out quickly so I was happy because other Yelpers said service was slow. Unfortunately, the sliders didn't taste too good and were cold. They do serve Miller High Life so I guess that made up for the cold brisket. Who doesn't love the Champagne of Beers? Their mixed drinks looked great. I didn't partake but my friends said they were tasty. I would certainly come again as I had a great time. I just think next time will be for drinks,dancing and karaoke.
4	Really cool unique place.  Warehouse turned in to a bar, clothing store, ice cream parlor with a boxing ring.  They have an awesome list of mixed drinks, that they do a wonderful job on.  This really is a cool place to go and I would suggest it to anyone as long as the temp is under 90 degrees as this place isn't equipped with A/C.  The only complaint I've ever had was the way they price their drinks.  The prices on the menu are pre-tax.... so instead of rounding up, each drink requires the bartender to calculate the change..... seems silly, but besides this small quirk it's a great place.
4	The Duce is probably the coolest bar/restaurant/smoothie shop/boxing ring/clothing store/trailer you'll ever go to!In the mood for mind-bowing short rib sliders? Check.Need a new pair of Chuck's? Check.Thirsty for an ice-cold PBR? Check.Feel like punching someone in the face? Check-ish...My only gripe would be drink prices. If you're down to slam some PBR or old school Budweiser, the you're drinking for $3 a pop. Fancy a Mojito - that'll run you about $12 for a 6oz-er. Focus on the cheap drinks and the amazing food, and you will love this place forever!
5	The Duce is fuckin' rad.  They make the best screwdriver.  Screwdrivers are typically boring, but I urge you to get one here.  So bomb.  So goddamn bomb.I've been here a few times and I've always had a great time.  Great desserts, great drinks.  Some of the reviews say they got shitty service.  Not I.  I've always had great service.  Ordered a shot one time with my girlfriend, there was a bunch left over and got quite a bit of free booze.
5	Loved this place! Never knew a boxing ring, dance floor, ice cream shop, clothing shop, and restaurant could all be in one bar! I was even more pleased to see a Moscow Mule on the drink menu. It only ran me about 7$, but I didn't mind paying it as it came in a MASON JAR - love!! Hula Hoops were accessible as a unique dance accessory :)
1	Yeah, I'll be the one. The idea is fun I suppose. But even a good dive should have at least something going for it. So not the people, not the service, definitely not the music-they have a lot of seating? Yeah because there was absolutley no one there on a Friday night. Stay weird Duce people. No thanks.
1	Ok, I didn't want to do this.  I had a bad night there for St. Patrick's Day, but I gave it another shot for Mothers Day brunch.  This is not the same Duce I first stepped foot into two years ago.  Defrosting cheesecake is not the same as last years Rock Spring Pie, and last but not at all least YOU DO NOT SERVE ALCOHOL IN CUPCAKES TO KIDS!  Even worse, with out them marked as containing alcohol, I sent my poor mother who is in recovery and allergic to alcohol, to go ahead and eat one!  This was the worst experience yet at the Duce.  It is just not the same place it use to be.  At 20 dollars a head for brunch, I could not even find juice and had to pay for lemonades at the bar.  So for the second time this year, I spent too much money for mediocre drinks and bad cheesecake.  The sliders and fruit bread were dried out.  I am soo disappointed, I loved this place at first.  When a show turns a bad corner, they say it has jumped the shark.  Well I am sad to report that the Duce has definitely jumped the shark.
5	A Trip Down Alice's Rabbit Hole,....My first beer was literally spent just trying to take in what was before my eyes.  This is a place not to be judged by it's cover.  Upon entering this shanty with a vague sense of hesitation, I was immediately overwhelmed by the insanity of colors, objects, and decorum that resided behind the door.  After my senses calmed and I started to focus on specifics, the classic tunes were the final cap to an overall very unique and enjoyable atmosphere.  One in which you have absolutely no choice but to smile.The fact that the place makes you smile probably has something to do with the fact that everyone, and i mean everyone looked to be having a good time.  I'm a people watcher by nature, so noticed which people were initially interacting.  As the evening progressed, the canned music and karaoke actually spawned a ton of intermingling of the group, random couples dancing, a couple of trains, and a whole ton of fun for all.This is truly an atmosphere that welcomes all, old and young.....I saw everyone of all ages, up to, I swear, a 90 something with a walker.....who was sporting that smile I mentioned previously.The staff, amazing....friendly and professional, and will remember your name if you give it.  They clearly show this is an establishment built on love.....The only thing I noticed that was a negative, mentioned as a warning for your mind before hand, there can be a bit of a wait for the drinks......Why?.....they are hand made, and i don't mean poured from a bottle, hand made,.....i mean, if you order a greyhound, the bartender hand squeezes the grapefruit fresh from a basket.  I saw a couple that had to wait a bit in line for their drinks, you could see a bit of frustration for the wait.  However, upon tasting their drinks, each one was well satisfied.  One man said, 'OMG, this is perfect.'  another lady said, 'this is true heaven, whats in here?'  So tolerate a wait if you must, because you won't be disappointed.  The reason, told to me by the Carol, the mother of the owner, they use all fresh, local grown produce in everything....They make it all, nothing comes from a bottle, from salad dressing on up.  The booze is organic if they can get it.Hopes this helps, and please, stop driving by it and wondering if it is some kind of weird flee market.  Before you walk in the door, leave everything that is bothering you there, step through looking for a good time, and I promise you will find it.
1	Cool place but don't try to arrange a special event. The proprietor was arragont, unflexible and unethical when I held my friend's bachelorette party at The Duce. Be warned!
5	I am in love with this space. It is amazingly awesome. Um, why isn't there a place like this in SF??? Seriously, you would think that SF would be cool enough to have a place like this, but I sure as heck haven't found out about it in the last 6 years. Anyways, enough venting. The Duce is super rad. Why? You just need to see it. My mom took us here, because she was meaning to check it out herself. It's basically a large warehouse space that has everything vintage/modern. There are tables outside to eat at, as well as a food truck. Inside there are more tables, and a tasty lookin' selection of grub. There are little counters around the edge of the rest of the space, for milkshakes, etc. Ahhh it would be sooo much fun to go to an event here at night, or just a cool place to hang out. I also liked the items they had for sale, ESP the adorable pink polka dot girly aprons. I really should've bought one, what was I thinking?? Basically it's awesome. Period.
1	I heard this place was pretty cool and decided to check it out on my birthday. I was so disappointed. I wasn't disappointed by the drinks or food, but the DJ was just RUDE! It was a saturday night and there was no one there and the DJ guy was a total dick to all my friends. All my friends wanted to do was sing karoke since that was the only thing they could do. I asked the DJ when it was my friends turn to sing, and he was like when its her turn! (Not even in a nice way). Granted maybe he was having a bad day, but dont take it out on us. My friend and I went up to talk to the manager and he wasn't that much of a help either. He told me he didn't own the place! Well I would figure that! We were just letting you know our concerns to make this place better, because it does have potential to be AWESOME, but a staff like that, it most def put a sour taste in my mouth. We ended up going to BARSMITH afterwards, and enjoyed by birthday there instead!
5	The Duce is an ultra-eclectic joint that's part store, part bar and restaurant and part work-out center. Yep, there's a massive boxing ring surrounded by handmade cooking aprons overlooking the bar, with the venue taking space in a old spacious warehouse.The energy at The Duce is interesting, with a decidedly retro vibe coming through both the vintage handmade cocktails and the fashionable finds throughout the store, including cruiser bicycles.The cocktail menu is full of handcrafted drinks, ranging from dirty martinis to grapefruit mimosas.You can enjoy your drinks on the patio, which also includes an organic produce stand, or in the bar, with simple long tables and some retro furniture filling it up.Live music takes place on the makeshift stage, which doubles as the boxing ring. When I was there last night, lights were strung up to light up the platform, which was surrounded by old school punching bags and giant tires. When we first arrived to the mixer and sat down to drink, I noticed a trainer and his client doing shoulder presses. It was one of the quirkiest places I've experienced.And that's why The Duce is so charming. You can wander around and check out the unique finds throughout the space, you can enjoy good food and drinks (I heard the noodle kugel, $4 off the small American menu, was amazing), you can work out, or you can listen to live music. There's also a Chicago soda fountain, and on top of everything else, The Duce hosts ice cream socials and birthday parties.I'd definitely like to go back during the day some time for brunch, though their brunch menu is served all day long. I bet sitting on the patio in the sun would give a whole different feel to the place, and I can't wait to go back.
4	The best Moscow Mule in town. It's gotta be ginger beer and we don't need a fancy copper mug; just give us the Duce Jar.  Two rounds will do ya good.For what it's worth, I don't care how many rounds I have, I don't see myself ever spending $58 on a graphic tee. That's just nuts~
4	The Duce is a pretty cool spot.Taking on this huge warehouse is quite a challenge, but I think they did it nicely.  The airstream they serve the food from is a cool touch, marking your order with a nickname (they have a list of some if you can't think of one) is kinda neat too.The old timey bar, soda jerk fountain, and boxing ring are cool touches.The drinks, while pricey, are pretty darn good.  My husband loves a good old fashioned, and its a pain to find one, the Duce didn't really deliver there, but their Tom Collins made up for it!Everyone was friendly and fun.The food was good.  The sliders were amazing and I will be coming back for those corn coins, so so good.I also hear they have swing dancing on Tuesdays, can't wait to check that out.Down sides:  the old fashioned needs some work, its was unbearably hot when the gigantic fan turned off for no apparent reason, its was just bearable when it was on, but that to be expected in an old ware house during and Arizona summer.Also, the corrugated steel bathroom stalls make me feel like I am hunkering down for the zombie apocalypse when all I need to do is tinkle.
4	My friends & I came here Friday night after going to the river. The Duce is right near the Diamondbacks' stadium, so we were able to see fireworks as we pulled into the parking lot.This restaurant/bar is cute! It's in a former warehouse, partially outdoors with the metal sliding doors wide open. It doesn't get hot inside as there was a giant fan. The streamline trailer dished out eats, and the drinks were served in Mason jars. Everything is made from scratch, and drinks use fresh squeezed juice. There was a dance floor, karaoke, boxing rink, hula hoops, soda fountain. It was random, it was retro, it was cool!
5	This place is so unique! I was disappointed that it was closed the weekend of my birthday in July, but I won't hold that against them!This bar/boxing ring/vintage store/food truck/soda fountain is super awesome! My cousin took me here a few years ago and since then it's been a place that I always show friends and family members when they want to go out downtown. The drink list is pretty extensive, with lots of organic cocktails served in cute mason jars. You definitely get a good sized drink! The beers are cheap, the food is so-so. I think it's a bit overpriced, so I'd recommend eating somewhere else beforehand. The boxing ring is random, but I've seen friends go up there and fight in a drunken stupor, and that is a sight I'll never regret seeing. Some nights they have karaoke, which I've chosen to partake in a few times. I've seen DJ's there on the weekends, and I really like how they switch up the music genre each time. Sometimes it's rap, others rockabilly and oldies. On Tuesday nights they do FREE swing dancing lessons and I've been really wanting to try that!i love the vintage feel to the place and am surprised it's not packed all the time!
2	Come here on a saturday night and the place was totally dead. Ordered Ribs and a Salad and my friend had the sliders. All three were terrible food. The $21 vodka mixer was good but not $21 worth. the $6 Sluggs were great value. All in all just not a happening place!!
4	Different and fun, good amount of parking. Great date place with lots of fun folks
4	Place is kind of cool. Restaurant, bar, boxing and they sale clothes. Also have a place to play 4 square. drinks are awesome. haven't tried food yet.  No air conditioning so dress the part.
4	Neat!! This place has the most random set up as you will find in other reviews. Menu is all organic, our bar tender/ server was very entertaining. The location was a bit hole in the wall, but once inside very worth it!
2	I had a below average experience during my first time at The Duce. First off, 2 of the menu items I asked for they were either out of or they no longer serve.  The salad I ordered for 7 dollars was as basic as a 3 dollar add on at a comparable restaurant.  The challa bread brisket is a great idea and tastes pretty good.  The alcoholic beverages are unique and taste great. I will also mention that the items in the vintage store are over priced.  The clerks there are not very friendly, in fact, they kept starring at my group of 4 as though we were going to steal something (which was very far from the truth). I may not go back, but I recommend that others check it out purely for the unique venue and good drinks.
1	Are you kidding me with this place! As a foodie who likes to try new places, I always keep an open mind going in.We went on a Wed night after work.We were never greeted by anyone. I finally got up to ask someone who I thought worked there. You can't tell because everyone that does looks like they just crawled out of bed! I was told that all orders are taken at the bar.So we head to the bar to order a drink and food.We placed order for the fod and waited for 10 minutes for a beer. The one and only person behind the bar was busy mixing two cocktails and had one speed, verrrrrry sllloooow. The only thing he had going for him was his looks.I continue... No one tells us that are food isn't going to be delivered to us from the diner /camper /car in the back. So it sat there for a while and finally someone came and asked if we ordered food, that it was "over there". Again, Are you kidding me? Two of us had meatballs sliders, OK tasting, but cold. One of us had the ribs. OMG, 5 ribs , nothing else came with them, mediocre at best and $14.00! Again, are you kidding me? No one asked us how anything was, picked up plates, nothing! We had no idea if we were to clean up after ourselves or what. We just left everything sitting there , in the rain outside. As far as leaving a tip..to who? and for what? Are you kidding me?I watched the video from the owners on their website. They say they are going for some kind of gritty , Chicago feel. Well I'm from the midwest and have been to Chicago many many times over the years and I can honestly say I have never been in place like this there or anywhere in the miswest! #1 in the midwest , service is key, here , not so much. If your are looking for grungy, no service, uncomfortable go ...if not , stay home, or go somewhere else. If I could have given this place a -10 stars I would have. You have been warned!On a side not: I always wonder if the Owners read the reviews? I would love to hear a response if so.......
5	The Duce will be everything you put into it. It's a Rorschach Test. If you're a lame, it's gonna be lame. If you know how to have fun, you won't find a better spot to let loose in. Quality here is key. The ingredients, the accents, the care in preparation. Ask their staff, their cooks, on what they make their food with. Down to the slightest detail they will provide you goods (and they are surprisingly health conscious when approaching even the "comforty foods" that would seem otherwise). THEY HAVE THE BEST CUBA LIBRE IN ARIZONA. Not even joking. Rum Bar in downtown couldn't even touch the Rum they have in the well. Organic, spiced, incredible. Best of all: Served in a Mason Jar, big daddy style. Try the chips. Prepared on the spot. Ask them how they're made, the health considerations they've made in the approach. The Sliders are must-have fare. The pies in a jar... UNREAL. Go here for dessert. Go here for the pie. In a jar. Take the jar home. Drink booze in said jar (winning formula right there). Okay, back to the booze. Old school spin on all of it. Their mint and other garnish: gorgeous. Nothing shoddy looking. Juices squeezed right in front of your eyes with some old school hardware: a press afixed to the bar itself. For the lo-fi: plenty of PBR, Schlitz and the like at a dirt cheap price. If you're man enough: make one of the workouts with Steve "Coach" on Wednesday, Friday and/or Sunday. Old school style, featured on now a couple of TV shows (I want to say the Travel Channel...?). Legit. The camaraderie there is incredible. The personal care is unmatched - I don't think I've met two owners who care more and POUR MORE of themselves into a place. These two (Steve and Andi) have the touch. Tell them GECKO sent you and you'll get love. DINE ON
5	This is the most wonderful place, great ambience, even better food and it oozes style. Try the sliders and a well crafted cocktail with all organic ingredients. I can't wait to go back.
4	If you like shuffleboard, boxing, cornholing, ping pong, parallel bars, shopping for antiques, Hamm's beer, Shlitz, Old Style and Thrifty ice cream, (whew) this is your place.An old (1928) Phoenix warehouse on the national register of historic places, this venue is uniquely eclectic with all of its weird offerings. The kitchen, an old Airstream trailer (polished to the nines) plays host to two chefs, both of whom you can spy on as they frantically prepare your meal.There are bars everywhere including an ice cream bar, and, a converted hay trailer for what purpose I haven't a clue. Parallel bars, with which you can deduce you have no upper body strength. Wooden pallets adorned with small herb gardens hanging on the walls.Lighting consists of inverted peach baskets hanging from the open rafter ceiling. There's a boxing ring, complete with gloves and I presume a no-fault waiver should you decide to jump in and beat the shit out of someone. There's even a bell to signal your knockout round. Vintage army fatigues from WW2, (the original cargo shorts) hang from the many clothing racks.Tables are converted warehouse racks. And did I mention the bleachers overlooking the shuffleboard, ping pong and cornhole games? Well there are. On the day I visited, there was a running club pounding beers at one of the bars. At the other end of the warehouse, a wedding reception was in progress. The running club was really a drinking club, outfitted in running gear. They came to get hammered and haplessly jog around the block before returning to slam more brews. I like the concept.In short, this has got to be one of the weirdest places in Phoenix, but I like it.It's truly a visual extravaganza.... a feast for the eyes. Try this. Grab an Old Style and head for the bleachers where you can sit and cheer-on your favorite shuffleboard team to victory. Really fucking weird, but totally cool.
2	Came here twice. The first time was not bad. Since we were the only customer, we did not really notice the speed of the service, even though it was not very attentive, we figured it was kind of the attitude of the place. Food was great though.The second time we came back, thinking it is a decent place to get a bite and recommended to our friends to come here for lunch, was a mistake.There was a swing dance type event, however, most people seemed to be ordering drinks. And there were lots of empty tables. So we figured that there should not be too long of a wait because we were all pretty hungry.It took 20-30 minutes just to get someone to attend to us and take our orders at the bar. The staff taking our orders were constantly distracted and very slow.We waited for 45 min then found out we had to go to the bar and ask for our drinks. None of them were made or served without us continuously asking about whether our order was getting made or not. After we finally got our drinks, we entertained ourselves at the play area that has a ping pong table and couple of other games, but after another hour, we were running out of patience.We waited 2 hours for our food, and the last person that ordered waited 2.5 hours, which is after everyone had already finished eating. Again, the food was great, but the service was not very attentive. It did seem like they were a little under staffed for the crowd, but still... there was not a real good system for getting your food or drinks after you have ordered, especially when the music is blaring. Your "nick name" was called over the muffled speaker for you to either pick up or someone from the staff "might" bring it to you, if they know where or who you are. I'd recommend checking periodically to make sure you did not miss it if you go.The food got 4 stars, when we finally got them but the service was so bad that I had to take two stars off. And the food was not really worth the 2-hour wait, especially when the service was really little to none during the wait. It really was sucky for us because we paid upfront when we ordered and even tipped, and finding out later that we weren't really going to get much service at all, we regretted that we included the tip.My advice for this place, make sure they are not busy before you decide to go there hungry... or if you have hours to kill and not super hungry, not a bad place to hangout if you do not expect to be serviced.I want to like this place~ Unfortunately, given this place two tries, we will not return again, due to lack of service.
2	Holy hipster Batman!How this place has 4 stars is beyond me. The service is absolutely terrible. And if there's one thing you should focus on above all, it's the service. It gets 2 stars simply for being unique and interesting. It's a very large place and has a ton of knick knacks everywhere. They also fresh-squeeze all of their juices, which is pretty awesome to watch. The drinks are all unique, but slightly overpriced in my eyes. But the bartenders - oh the bartenders. Seriously, pick the pace up. I waited for 25 minutes just to even order my drink. Most bartenders will ask you want you want to drink WHILE making the previous customer's drink to help move things along more quickly. Not these guys. Nope. They have all the time in the world apparently. And it gets to the point to where you just simply want to leave because you're growing tired of just standing at the bar, waiting to order a damned drink. I'm a fairly patient person and I understand things get busy and you have to wait your turn, but this was just annoying and frustrating. My friend did order the sliders and they were rather tasty, although incredibly greasy. Nevertheless, I have no desire to spend a ton of time standing at the bar waiting for a frou frou drink that's costing me $11 when I could just go elsewhere and get a vodka cran for $4 in 5 minutes or less. Pick up the pace and I'd love to come back.
2	I love this place.  I really hope it becomes a staple to the downtown scene.  I suppose, in a sense, it already is.  But, as other reviewers have commented, the service this past Friday was atrocious.  We were there this past friday while the Beer and Pancake Fest (?) was going on.  I can only imagine the thousands of dollars being lost by terrible service that was going on behind the bar.  If you guys are going to figure out how to handle a decent sized event like this, please get some pros in behind the bar!  I'll be back because I really want to support the burgeoning downtown scene.  But, I might not stay very long if the drink service doesn't get it's act together.
3	I feel like the owner has ADD. There is clearly an identity crisis going on in the Duce. Is it a restaruant? Bar? Thrift Store? Gym? Rec Room? Who knows, why are the bathrooms so small? I'm so confused, but my gimlet was tasty and made the experience so much better. Would I go back? Maybe
4	I love that this place. Is an old warehouse converted to be a night club. Early in the evening the place wasn't as packed. There is a nice little dance floor for some fun and pool tables in the back.  Also available is a small shop for t-shirts and other items. The bartender I dealt with was not the most personable. There is great outdoor patio and indoor seating so large or small groups can just chill during their night.
1	I've been here three times...First time, I came on a Saturday night...it was completely dead...DJ, Karaoke..there were maybe five people here...the fresh squeezed drinks are a good concept. Clothing is ridiculously overrated and priced. As for the food...The sliders were okay. Not half bad...Second time, I had take-out since the I thought the sliders were decent the first time...but, I unfortunately got the food and it was super greasy and cold...only good thing were the cupcakes for dessert...Third time, I said maybe it was a fluke...I'll try to bring my kids..since it's suppose to be "family friendly"...took my kids to the ice cream bar or what not. No one was there to help us. Had to walk around the place, finally found someone to help us and the customer service well, let's just say they were obligated and it showed..also met the owners..decent people BUT it seems they allow anyone to work here. Overheard employees In the trailer where the food is prepped and cooked...not trying to eavesdrop, but there are felon's on probation working here. Not ideally "family" friendly. Maybe they should rethink their hiring process. Makes me wonder if they allow sex offender's to work here, too? Guess they don't require background checks...
4	Fun place. Drinks are pretty freakn pricey. Stick to the beer and your wallet will be okay. They have things to do here though which is awesome! drinking beer, playing a number of games like cornhole, shuffle board, ping pong. who can ask for more?great place to hang out with some friends for sure.
4	Love this place. Cool atmosphere.. Good crowd.. Fun music. But as said in the other reviews, service is pretty poor. Even when it is dead I stand around waiting for 15 mins to be asked my drink order. Ill be back though because it's a great little place. Drinks are expensive too (unless you stick to beer)
4	This place is something else... Hidden just south of Downtown Phoenix right behind US Airways Arena. You'll miss it if you're not looking for it and you'll be glad if you drop in. Hard to explain the concept but it's an old historic warehouse --turned gym/bar/diner. You walk in and you'll see an old Airstream parked inside, cooking some great sliders and desserts! Walk into the next section and you'll enter the bar area...very vintage look to it, with karaoke the majority of the times I've been there. They offer organic liquor and it's actually not bad. If you order mixed drinks or anything of that nature, they use fresh fruits and will make everything fresh! Look into the next room and you'll see the boxing ring, then a little further you'll see vintage clothing for sale! This place is definitely somewhere to take guests from out-of-town or a place to grab a great drink with friends. Just go there!
4	I went to the Duce this weekend for the first time and can not believe I have not gone before! This place is so much fun. They have a boxing ring, hula hoops, exercise equipment, shuffle board, corn hole, a fun and lively dance floor and ping pong. They serve beer like Old Milwaukee....so, in other words, the BF's dream bar. But he was not there, I went with Erin B. for her bachelorette party. The drinks were very expensive, but they were fresh, tasty, and packed an alcoholic punch. My philosophy is that if I am going to pay upwards of 10$ for a drink, it better be all made in house with fresh fruit and this was, so I can't complain. A few of us went up and did a few exercises on the wall where you hold up your body and lift your knees to your chest, I did 3 and was very proud of myself....then a couple girls came over and really showed us up...they were aerial pole dances and were hanging upside down by one arm and whatnot....very fun to watch. I think the best part of this bar is that it can be whatever you want it to be....it can be quiet and laid back in some areas, full of games and entertainment in some areas and a dance club in others. I will definitely be back to this bar again.PS funny story....I had already had a good amount of alcohol upon arrival. We were all standing by the trailer waiting to order beers. I saw that there was a satellite dish on the wall and thought 'wow..that's an odd thing to use as kitch...' I continued staring at the ceiling like an idiot when a plane flew overhead and I realized we were still outside...obviously it was a good night.
5	Loved the atmosphere. Loved the booze. Loved the vintage, hip vibe throughout the whole place! Can't wait until the future hubs starts wanting to go to more baseball games this summer! We're definitely going to hit up this place a lot! :o)
3	This place is really cool! Dancing and music were pretty fun. We must have caught them on a bad night because the food (sliders and chips) was really greasy and service was super slow. Place was busy but not packed. Bar was quick and efficient but food service needs help!
3	The Duce has a nice atmosphere, a great menu, good drinks, and reasonable prices.  It is never dull, and usually good fun.  They have put a great deal of thought into the details to make it a cut above the usual warehouse-turned-bar.  They have exercise equipment, clothes for sale, and frequent events.  I am absolutely impressed that these things can coexist in a bar, where it only takes one guy saying "hey, look at this" to ruin a great deal of stuff.  It is well managed in that regard, and unfailingly friendly.The people who show up are usually interesting, and I have met fun people just chatting with others.  It is a large place, but the space is divided into nicely-sized areas.  It was not too crowded nor too empty.That said, they miss on a few points which is why I rate it with three stars.  They have separate counters for drinks, food, and milkshakes.  This means you will spend a good deal of time waiting in line. Ordering food, they ask you for (and insist upon) a silly name, which then they announce using a badly distorted loudspeaker which is approximately half the volume of their music.  I had half a mind to give them a horribly offensive name, just to have them announce it; this sort of forced cuteness is rather annoying (it is probably done because there are bound to be many people named "Emily" or "Jeff" at the bar, but there are better ways to get around this). The food is good, but unless you happen to be seated right next to the food cart, it will be cold by the time you realize your "name" was called. The music was somewhat mysterious--they had a band and DJ going, sometimes simultaneously and loudly.  It is not a quiet place, but competing sound systems does not help; it merely makes noise.Nevertheless, I will probably go back again (I have been several times before).  It is a good bar and with a little work, could be a great bar. I have only been there in the evening, but they seem to have a good breakfast menu.  It would be interesting to visit at those times, I think.
4	Stopped in on Saturday morning with a friend who hadn't been there before, it was just opening and everyone was very welcoming and friendly.  I am an oatmeal maven and I can rate theirs very highly, delicious! The pecan french toast was scrumptious.   also great coffee served in real diner cups.  It's really fun to walk around and see the merchandise.  The bartender Cat and the server Brandon were especially nice.  This would be a good place for an informal party.
3	Ok let me just say (like I am sure many before me have) What is this place? It is something that you just can't quite describe, it looks like a cross between one of the gyms rocky trained in that was in a warehouse somewhere, the auction block and seating at the county fair, with sprinkles of a garage sale that has a DJ rocking out to shopping for a used t shirt for .50 cents. But seriously I give these guys a huge thumbs up for originality, there is no place I have EVER seen quite like the duce or even close for that matter. We didn't eat so I can't review the food, but my margarita was really good and made with all fresh and organic ingredients. It is definitely an interesting way to pass a couple of hours before a Sun's game It is worth a stop and check it out.
5	I love the Duce! The drinks are super expensive, which is a bummer, but the atmosphere is great and they have something different going on every night. This is a great place to go with a large group. Wednesday nights are throwback nights--cheap cheap beers!
4	Pros: Unique hipster hangout. Good food  (only had 200 calories left for the day, so I had the egg scramble). Fun drinks (spiked root beer float). Cute decor. Easy system to order and pick up food. Cons: They sell super cute clothing items; unfortunately I find it difficult to pay $80 for a t-shirt. Complimentary valet; no private parking. I feel compelled to tip a person to perform a service I normally perform myself. Hate that.
5	Best part of the Duce is  the Karaoke host Luis! Was there last night and the crowd went wild when Luis did what he does best, host Karaoke. Great night, good crowd, good times.
5	Fantastic little place, everything from the drinks and food, to the music and decor are all old time classics. I went with a friend to their Tuesday night Swing Dancing lesson. Everyone was very friendly and encouraging, some music was contemporary rehashed in a swing style which was fun! I hope to visit again soon, and definitely recommend it for a night out of the ordinary.Drinks are served in different sized mason jars, which add to the atmosphere even though prices have inflated a little since the 50s.
1	I too was at the Duce during the latest wine walk.  We were also told that there was no happy hour even though the sign out front clearly indicated there was one.  Tried to get s drink from the bar but it was chaos.  Ended up outside at the beer cart. There seemed to be enough folks working the bar but they did not have their act together.  I seriously doubt that I will ever see the inside of this place again.  After listening to the recorded voice message, I guess the owner does not care anyways.  Must be nice to be that independent.
5	This is my favorite place of ALL TIME! It's the most adorable and surprising place you will stumble upon in Phoenix--I can guarantee you! First, you'll walk into the cutest little courtyard, decked out with a vintage trailer car that serves you food-cart style. When you place your order, they will ask you for a creative nickname for which to announce your order by, which always makes for a great laugh later when you hear all the hilarious names called when the orders are ready.But the awesomeness does not end there!! Oh no, not even close. If you continue on indoors, into their garage/warehouse-like area that simply looks like it houses more seating for customers, you will discover that it's so much more. Once you turn the corner, you'll find that this place is HUMONGOUS. Not only does it have a bunch of quirky little items and clothing on sale, there are also vintage decorations decking out the entire room, plus a real boxing ring (whaaaat???)!The food is also great! Their sliders are delicious, and their drinks are served in mason jars (very in-keeping with their vintage vibe). I've also had their mac & cheese muffins as well as their sweet potato crisps, which are all scrumptious. I've only come here during the daytime for lunch, when there aren't a lot of people, so it's a good time to relax and soak in the ambience of the place. But I know they have a lot of interesting activities on different nights, and they also have karaoke!The Duce is just such a creative and unique spot. Duce yourself a favor and come check this place out! ;)
5	This place is awesome!! Atmosphere, food, extras, Love it!!
4	Pretty much loving this retro place in central phoenix. The location is pretty easy to find and the place looks really unique. Combination of a bar with gymnastic studio and a boutique. Pretty much a different kind of hang out place! Love the fact that the food was taste good for a bar. I tried brisket sliders which was on a very good portion, 3 mini sliders with a great amount of meat and it was wonderful. This place offer so many entertainment as well. I love their open mic night and yesterday when I came it was a swing dance night. So much fun.The only reason why I don't give 5 stars is because this place is an open space and even though it has a lot of fans, it still won't take away the heat of brutal AZ summer. Other than that I think this is a very good spot to hang out :)
5	I dare you to try and describe the Duce in under 50 words. By far the most unique bar/venue/ restaurant in Phoenix.  The food is really good. Chicken apple sliders, milkshake shots, hand made organic drinks, brisket, schlitz beer, hamms beer, PBR etc. all excellent. We love it so much we decided to have our wedding there. Everyone was fantastic to us from start to finish. We could not be happier that we had our wedding there. Our pictures turned out AMAZING!!!!  And I say that as the groom. You can't imagine how pumped my wife is. All ofthe guests were blown away by the place. Andi and Steve are true visionaries. What they have done with an old produce wear house is almost a miracle. Ellen, who helped us plan everything, was fantastic. Thy have turned a once sketchy part of Phoenix into a gem. Everyone in Phoenix has to at least try this place. If you don't fall in love its not for you. Stay at the ultra lounge you are used to. It's creative, unique, and incredibly welcoming. Yes, drinks can take a while to make, but they are hand squeezed juices and organic cocktails. Somethings take minute.
4	Anything goes at The Duce.  This is a warehouse, trailer park, and backyard all rolled into one.  Everything in The Duce is vintage.  I love the picnic table concept and food truck kitchen.  The food has some serious down-home feel to it.  They have Mac & Cheese muffins, Sweet Potato Chips and Noodle Kugel with Granny Smith apples.  I didn't know what Kugel was but it was delicious.  The Chicken Sausage Sliders are my favorite.  The Duce knows how to makes some serious cocktails.  They use fresh ingredients and serve up their cocktails in Manson jars.  I don't think I've had a drink on their menu I didn't like.  Old Fashioneds and Moscow Mules are my favorite and The Duce's creations are perfect!  The Duce is a unique place that will be great to meet friends before a game or just a night out for drinks.
1	Full disclosure:  We went there in the middle of a 110 degree day.  The atmosphere was cool though.  With that said, the soda was warm, the service was slow, and the food was poor... at best.  We saw one of those food shows that highlighted this places macaroni muffins, which were "good", I should add.  We also ordered their hot dog and the sliders.  You could easily make a better hot dog with a package of store brand hot dogs and a microwave.  The sliders weren't bad; however, the bread was stale.  So if you're looking for warm drinks, slow service... but a cool atmosphere, this is your place.  If your'e going at night, don't go alone... cruddy neighborhood.
4	For a hangout drinking joint, this place is a good alternative to the typical bars. The atmosphere is very casual. The music they play is an eclectic arrangement from whatever time period. It's not too loud, and it's brightly lit compared to most other places. There are activities, such as, ping pong and cornhole to keep things fun.The food and drinks are quite pricey, but they use fresh squeezed fruit juices if the drink calls for it. So it's pretty tasty.
3	*Disclaimer* we went on a Summer Night when it quite possibly was 190 degrees inside this place - That said, the fact that I'm still giving it 3 stars should be seen as a testament to the Duce's charm.  And by "charm" I mean 32 ounce Old Fashioned's.  The Duce is a cool spot on the south side of downtown Phoenix.  With the outside look of an old warehouse and the inside look of a full service bar that just happens to have a boxing gym, ping pong / cornhole stadium and a boutique inside of it - the Duce is a great place to come away with an interesting story.  (*second disclaimer* I am not drunk while writing this review, I am giving you an honest description)I can't speak to food, as I was drinking my dinner this evening - but I can say that if you're looking for a place to drink a meal, they serve cocktails in 32oz mason jars which are up to the task.  Also, when I ordered a 32 oz greyhound - the bar tender split and squeezed the grapefruit directly into the vodka before my eyes.  Top Quality bar, No complaints on service.  I want to complain about it being hot.  Partly because it was, but mostly because I'm self centered - BUT then I remember that the wait staff was still attentive and friendly even though they 1) were probably hotter than the customers were and 2) they have to deal with it day in / day out while we are able to come and go as we please - so I won't.  I will come here again, preferably when it's under 100 degrees outside - and I have a feeling it will earn a few more stars in my book.
4	Super Hipster, and awesome healthy yummy eats. great fresh drinks, and a total casual place to be.... only downside, no A/C... so it's super hot, when it's super hot outside, because it's basically outside and inside a warehouse. loved the place though, had a great time!
5	I love The Duce! I'm super bummed a place like this does not exist in SoCal. I have been here two times over the last year once for the Phoenix Lindy Exchange and more recently just to grab drinks and hang out. Pro's: It's true the drinks are expensive but yummy, fresh, and strong, totally worth it in my opinionLots of activities to do if you are not dancing, drinking or eating. They have a bean-bag toss, vintage board games, and retro exercise equipment to play with and exploreThe music and DJ were awesome on Friday nights, no attitude and open to requestsHave valet, and plenty of street parking not dangerously far from the venue, I felt safeOverall a great place to dance, drink and eat with friends, check it out at least once!
2	First time I went it was a weekday happy hour in January. I absolutely loved it with their unique ambiance and their food truck kitchen and their creative yummy drinks. But my recent visit in a hot and humid summer afternoon changed that completely. It's a warehouse turned into restaurant, so there's no a/c in there. In Duce's defense, weather was bad. But that wasn't the only problem. I was at the bar for a good 10 mins. I didn't even get a "I'll get you in a minute" from the bar tender. I decided to be a teetotaler (for the day, of course!) and moved to the food counter. The line was bog which is ok. I ordered a scramble. ETA - one and half hours!! It actually took more like 2 hours. THAT IS OUTRAGEOUS!! I had ordered avocados in my scramble. I got none of it, nor an apology or even a mere mention. Bottom line - the restaurant looks cool and unique. But all that becomes irrelevant when it fails in the primary objective of an eatery which is to provide food and drinks to its patrons. This is also in a not-so-great neighborhood. So if they don't get their act together soon, people will just stop going.
3	The Duce is a  great place to get a taste of the urban side of dt Phoenix. It is a converted warehouse that is a food trailer/bar/thrift store/ice cream parlor/boxing ring? Their bartender is a DOLL, probably from the same era as when the warehouse was built. There are ping pong tables and bags set up inside, and they have different events on different nights. This place is a hodgepodge of different things and definitely hard to describe. Your best bet is to try it out for yourself.Overall. The Duce is perfect if you want to try somewhere new and get a different feel for this city.
4	Great drinks and cool food!! Mac n chz muffins are off the hook!! Ping pong, karaoke, random boxing ring, clothing store and DJ make this place super unique. The only downfall is there is no a/c and the drinks are a little pricey but other than that it's a cool spot.
2	This is a really unique place. If you just want to hang out and have drinks in January, this may be a great option. However.....My co-workers and I tried to have lunch at Duce during the week because we had heard the sliders were scrumptious. We ordered lunch at 11:30AM and left with no food at 12:30PM. The kitchen is just too small and disorganized to produce meaningful amounts food during lunch hour. There was also no evidence of any management on site. Waiting for an hour without A/C for no food was a real downer and has soured our opinion of this joint. Triple D got hoodwinked on this one.
4	The Duce was the last stop for my last night of 39 and got their before the midnight hour forced me into the Fab & 40 club. I have never been to The Duce and had been looking forward to going.  As soon as I walked into The Duce, I was awe struck, I absolutely love this place! At the last stop my friends and I were at, I left a lil tipsy and was in need of some food, so when we 1st got to the Duce, 1st item of business that needed taken care of was order some food, after surveying the menu and debating on if I wanted something sweet or not, I went with the cheeseburger sliders.  Let me tell you, these were the best cheeseburger sliders I have had in a very very long time, the bread was soft, tender yet held the sliders together well, the cheese was perfectly melted over the burger, oh it was just delish!The Duce has plenty to offer everyone, corn hole, foosball, Ping-Pong, hula hooping, dancing, singing, drinking or just chilling, The Duce has space for it all!  Only down side I have is that it's hot, but that's the Phoenix summer weather, I am sure when it's no longer summer ticket, The Duce would be rocking! I am looking forward to coming back and playing some games for sure!
5	We were referred by a friend and had a great night out at The Duce. If you are looking for a unique experience out with clients and friends The Duce will not disappoint. Check it out next time you go to downtown Phoenix for a concert or sporting event.Good time fo sho.
5	After living in Phoenix for almost a year, I finally got around to visiting The Duce. This place is great! It's like a tiny village of funtimes. Not only do they serve food and drinks, there is also a boxing ring in the middle of the place. Need to buy some new clothes? Shit they've got that too. I could probably live in this place. Food-wise: I tried the mac & cheese muffins and some hand-squeezed lemonade. Both were delicious. I'd like to go back and try some of their cocktails and brunch. Go here.
4	Great revived space, awesome hidden location right near the ballpark downtown.  Ice cream, alcohol, boxing, soda, sliders, foozeball, ping pong, the list goes on and on.  I never thought it eating in the gym would feel so hip!
3	Ok I m giving this three stars because the meatball slider really needs help. Tough meatball n bland. The short.rib sliders very good, brisket sliders.also good but could have had more brisket.  The ribs we were.split on 2 people said not fall off the bone and tasted weird, the other 2 were.ok. The service was great even know we were the only ones in the joint we had a great conversation about food. Bartender also great they made the meal fun since we r visiting from NY. I would go back when it is perhaps a tad cooler out.
1	I have a lot issues with this place. I want to like it. Prob good as a bar.  The food concept interesting obviously why it was on ddd. But no excuse to have cold sliders. And three dollars for an 8 ounce diet coke that was warm. After waiting half hour for the food I obviously drank it all.  I could go on. They need to work on how the place is run.  Also no ac its basically outside so avoid in summer. I'll leave my complaints here I don't want to be too harsh I just didn't enjoy my experience at all.
4	Love this place when it's not summer.  It's a converted building (used to be a boxing gym back when buildings were built of chewing tobacco, brick and fear) so it is hot.  There is no cool air circulating in the place.  Food is tasty (sliders, fried mac and cheese) etc.  But really just come for the cocktails.  It's nice to have another place that takes pride in it's mixers.  They make their own lemonade, they steep some of their own liquors.  More importantly, they make one of the best grey hounds I've ever had in this town.   Granted it's a little far south and can get warm, but the good news is, you can come on over, pretend that you aren't an aging hipster and order a few cocktails that will remind you of why it is you still work that 9-5 job.
4	I like this bar. Seriously. Karaoke. The theme. The boxing ring. The games. And the drinks are so cheap.Honestly, this bar is perfect. If you read my reviews, you know I am not one for hanging out in bars that are overly crowded (Sorry. I like to have my personal space to myself). The Duce gets pretty busy, however, it has the floor space to handle it. It's a pretty large bar with a couple of different areas to hang out in. This is awesome because if you want to dance, you can. If you want to hang out with friends and chat, you can. If you want to go browse the random marketplace that is attached... you can...... random. But whatever. I do have to say that this bar will continue to be one that I will return to.
5	My favorite place of all time. The Duce serves great hand crafted vintage cocktails and has so many fun things to do - cornhole, shuffle board, dance floor, etc! This place is always chill and never too crowded with fun friendly customers and staff! Nestled right downtown with a few nice skyline views! The Duce is the way to go if you are into something a little different and less snooty than Scottsdale bars.
4	This bar is really cool. They have a wide range of activities and areas to hangout in. You can play ping pong or hula hoop, be inside or outside and there's a section that you can pay 5 dollars to enter where you get all you can eat pancakes. There is also a huge boxing ring in the middle of everything, it's cool but so disappoints that you can't go in it. The dj played top 40 stuff and a few random 90s songs. The drinks are strong but don't taste amazing, the lemonade shot is gross. The other drinks were fine and they have 3 dollar beers and 6 dollar shots. They don't id you until you try to get a drink which is annoying because they make you show if every time. There is a large hipster population here and if you dress too fancy you will stand out. The only other complaint I have is it was super girl heavy in there with a few unattractive guys. It may not be like that every night though. The hula hoopers made it difficult for the tiny dance floor to fill up. Once they stopped it was pretty good. I had fun but it got old after a while so we moved on to another bar.
5	This place is pure Awesomeness!   The mixed drinks are super yummy,  probably one of the best mojito I have had, and I have had my fair share.  The place is huge and there is no excuse not to find some thing to entertain you.  Who can't love a bar/ restaurant that has hula hoops, a boxing ring, corn hole, a dance floor, and good food?
4	This place was way cooler than I expected. First of all it's HUGE. They host events (an art gallery when I was there). They have a prohibition theme, so they have all these drinks from "prohibition era" that are pretty rare to be made today. Go check it out!
2	Imagine every hipster, Pinterest-inspired wedding you've ever seen. Then mix all that into an overblown cliche. The Duce would be the result.Mason jars everywhere. Park benches as tables. Barnyard and rustic "chic." And they ask for your "crazy nickname" when you order. I was waiting to find the photo booth.Overhyped if you ask me. I can see why Guy Fieri would recommend it.Mega overpriced menu with very limited options. The kitchen is an airstream trailer.Also, it's half gym...? Weird.
5	Still live in Flagstaff, still love The Duce, and I'd like to think DJ Luis is still my bff even after all these years. While I love the overall atmosphere and drinks, Luis and his karaoke/music playing prowess are basically why I go out of my way to stop at the Duce whenever I'm in town. He has pretty much any song you' d ever want to hear or sing and he's totally cool, no better place in town to sing karaoke and there's plenty of room on the dance floor to get down!
4	The duce has been on my list of must-try's for months now! I was so glad I finally checked it out, but also glad I waited until the weather cooled off a bit! This is a throwback, retro, hip...kind of spot. It can be kind of confusing if you're not with someone who has been at least once before. I walked into the part of the building where you can buy clothes/accessories. There are tables and some kind of smoothie spot to your left and a boxing ring in the back. See what I mean by confusing? Aside from not knowing where to go, it is in a very conspicuous spot so it could be easy to pass and somewhat of a challenge for parking.We poked our heads around the corner and it looked to be just a hang out and someone was celebrating a birthday. Finally I asked the girl behind the cash register where we could order food.  She explained a bit about the place and showed us around. I appreciated that and further confirmed my confusion statement assuming others had felt the same way before. ;) The patio is GREAT! Mismatched retro chairs, wooden picnic tables, hanging records and who could forget the silver trailer they serve food from?!  It took a minute to find the menu because she pointed around to random things and said, "menu is written all over the place" and that was it. Well, she was right...it's written on old tattered doors and wooden fence. Finally we went and asked for a real one..much better.We got the meatball sliders and strawberry pecan salad. Both were DELICIOUS! Drinks were served in a glass coke bottle and what other than a mason jar. Cute. Now being somewhat familiar with the way things work I look forward to returning. Combination of good food, good weather and great atmosphere I can't wait to take someone who's never been. This is definitely an experience.(:
5	AMAZING and Unique!!!!!! Last Thursday was my first time at the Duce and I can't wait to go back.  Valet parking was very convenient.  You can order drinks from any of the bars.  All drinks are organic with fresh squeezed juices.  I started with the Duce lemonade which was not my  favorite.  I was not fond of the taste so I decided to go with a bloody mary for the second round.  The bloody mary was very tasty just a little to spicy for my liking so I ordered  Mule next.  The Mule was just what I was looking for in fact I had 2 more.  One of the downfalls is servers do not take food orders.  When you are ready to order you have to go place your order at  the trailer.  For me, I like the convenience of having a server come to my table, take my order, bring the food and drinks.  As for the food it is mind blowing delicious.  The strawberry brushetta is do die for and is a must as well as the mac and cheese muffins.  Thursday is Karaoke night and DJ seems to wide range of music from 80's and 90's. Make sure you know what you want to sing because there is no book to choose from.  I was a little turned off when the DJ made an announcement that everyone needed to get the F*@& out of the place.  Just not the greatest choice in words.Overall it was great experience and I WILL be going back.
5	SUCH a cool place. I feel that my words are not really adequate to describe it. Is it a bar? A gym? A store? A restaurant? A warehouse?  Yes, and no. It's all of those things in a place that obviously defies description. If you want a Schlitz while doing hula hoop. They got you covered. An excellent mojito along with a game of indoor corn-hole? Yup. A Mason jar of pot pie, a used bicycle and to hit a punching bag after karaoke?  But of course. What is this place? I don't know, but I love it.
3	Fun, Unique, Urban ambiance & a little bit of Average Joe's gym with amazing food. Pancakes to die for! Thank god for all the work out equipment, ping pong, corn hole ... Kept us busy while we waited for an hour for our food (and it wasn't even packed...) would definitely come back... But only if I had a couple hours to spear. Food = 5, service =1
5	Fantastic Drinks - I had several Brown Derby drinks - served in an awesome Mason Jar. They made it with fresh ingredients right in front of me - and that includes squeezing two Grapefruits into the Mason Jar for fresh grapefruit juice. Great sliders as well.
2	I had heard such great reviews from others about this place and was excited to try it.  So excited that I invited other friends to meet up there before heading over to a concert nearby.  I checked to make sure it was wheelchair accessible for a friend who was joining us for dinner and the website said, "yes" only to find out when we got there that there was NO handicapped parking available nor was there enough room for her to unload herself in her chair.  Not cool, we left immediately.
4	Love the concept! I've been to the Duce a number of times for get togethers. Huge eclectic space, awesome comfort food (features on Diners, Dives and Drive in) churned out from an airstream trailer, and hand crafted prohibition Era cocktails. While its a great place to visit during the fall, winter and spring, we found it is not as comfortable during the summer. Because its an old warehouse- they rely on fans to cool... Which can make summer months sweltering. Drinks: hand crafted, and served in mason jars!Food: love their wide array of sliders. I had heard great things about their macaroni and cheese. While at first I was hesitant about fried macaroni and cheese balls, I discovered their awesomeness.
5	The Duce is kitschy, unique, and has got to be one of the coolest places I have ever been. It's tough for words to describe it or do it justice; so in short I recommend that you check it out for yourself and see what the hooplah is all about.One thing I would say is to keep the weather in mind when you go, this place is an old 1920s warehouse converted into the restaurant/shop/old school gym/ice cream bar that it is today so I wouldn't go when it's too hot or too cold...I would also say don't go when it's raining, but who are we kidding, this is Arizona.The menu consists of the kind of food you would take on a picnic. Burgers, sandwiches, ribs, finger foods basically. My friend got ribs and I got a brisket sandwich and neither of us were disappointed, the meat was tender and flavorful and we were both stuffed to the brim after our meals. Don't get me started on the shakes they offer, I made the excellent decision to get a butterscotch shake and I almost fell out of my seat it was so good. Thick and served in a mason jar, it was the perfect ending for my meal and worth overstuffing myself.After your meal, take a walk around and check out the old school gym equipment, real (and working) Chicago soda jerk station from the 1910s, the original 1910s bleachers from Phoenix St. Mary's high school, the plethora of games to play including ping pong, shuffleboard, corn hole, vintage knick knock store, and many other things I am probably forgetting about.
3	Mixed feelings about this place. I suppose maybe I needed a warning and didn't read the yelp reviews ;) the atmosphere if this place is amazing!!! Yard games to play, a boxing ring and punching bags. A dance floor with a love dj on a Saturday night. Lots of space which is perfect for anther crowd. So is the fact that they have picnic tables to fit in your larger group if you plan to eat together. The drinks weren't cheap but each was individually made. The juices all freshly squeezed and lots of fancy garnishes! The Moscow mile was very tasty and the Cranberry Cobbler was sweet but very good also. The food...another story. We weren't hungry upon arriving so we decided to have some drinks and hang out with friends. We checked out the place and decided we should order some food since a friend mentioned hers was going to take 20 minutes. By the time we got to the line to order the wait was one and a half hour. 1.5 hours?!?!?! WTF!!!!! I was completely shocked. Do they only cook one meal at a time? I know the kitchen is on the smaller side but I'd just never heard of such a thing. I work in the food industry so I brushed it off, enjoyed a couple more drinks while patiently watching the clock. Right around that 1.5 hour mark we notice food sitting in the window, although not wanting to be rude we didn't want to bother anyone to ask. About 10 minutes later was walk up there since we hadn't heard our name and were starving at this point. The man said the food had been sitting there for quite some time. Our sweet potato chips were completely cold and our sliders were not appetizing at all. He didn't offer anything for us or to maybe reheat the food we had waited the hour and a half for, just blamed us for not listening for our name well enough. What a disappointment!!! Can't say I'd eat there again, the cold food was terrible, even after having a couple drinks!
3	I love the idea of The Duce and had a blast hanging out with friends here, but the service was very lacking. We had a group of 15+ people by the end of the night. a handful of us were here from 7pm- midnight. We enjoyed many handmade cocktails that were freshly muddled and served in quart size mason jars - at the tune of $15-21. But a quart does last quite a while...but is watered down by the end. One friend was trying to get the bartenders attention for a while before moving onto another bar to try to get a drink. A couple times he disappeared from his 'station' (the small bar near the food counter). We joked that we should just hop in there and make our own...but he finally came back. I was in the party with another reviewer who mentions our food taking an hour and a half to get ready...and after that hour and a half we still had not heard our name being called. We go to the pick up window and ask if it's ready and it's there. Freezing cold. The cook says, oh yea, that's been sitting there a while. No offer to re-make, warm it up or anything. And our group was hanging out right near the food counter. How did we miss it and why didn't they get our attention when the food was ready? I'm sure we didn't hear the name being called because it was later in the night and the DJ had started blasting music for the dance floor. A better system is in order for serving food when we have to rely on a loudspeaker that is drowned out by the dance music. The valet situation was horrible at the end of the night. I've been to many other downtown spots that have valet and crowds but never a line that takes 20 minutes. We finally asked for our keys and were directed to where the car was parked so we could walk and get it ourselves. I'll probably be back but hope The Duce can improve their service, pay more attention to paying customers and figure out the valet situation. It's not the best area so I don't want to walk a block or two on this dark, sketchy block.
4	Loved this place! Great drinks and sliders. The ambience is laid back and fun. They have 3 or 4 different bars and ping pong tables, a boxing ring and a cool nostalgic boutique. It was fun to see everyone having a good time seeing karaoke. Even I had to get in on the fun and Sing-a-Song. Come and check this place out it's fun and not too expensive.
5	The Duce, is nothing but short of awesome. Great food, your basically in slider heaven, with drink concoctions to keep your mind stimulated and wanting more, the Duce offers a nice haven for getting away. Whether with a group of friend or just a few drinks with a friend, the Duce has even a quite good collection of pf flyers and vintage shirts to keep any hipster at bay. It's definitely worth checking and super approved by us here at cafehunters.
1	Saturday night. Drink was ok. Bartender slapped a 27% tip on there. Signed for it then realized it later - not pleased, considering I was at a bar counter and not seated. C'mon. Drink was so so. Parking is a pain. Was here only because a friend's farewell gathering was here. Not coming back.
5	We had our company holiday party last night! I was so awesome! The Duce staff was very good and helpful. The bartenders rocked it. And the food was awesome! We had the Duce Dip and Strawberry bruschetta, mac'n'cheese muffins, brisket sliders, chicken sausage sliders, duce salad, and finished with shake shots, pumpkin pie, and s'mores pie! It was a nice place to visit, listen to great music, watch swing dancers, and to have fun! Thank you The Duce! :-)
5	I love everything about this place. The location is perfect. Yes at first you are like, "Is this the place?" The atmosphere when you go in is like a smooth, chill, relaxed, breathe of fresh air. I need to go when there are more people like on a weekend. I went on a Wednesday and there were a few people there. I ordered the chicken pot pie, the brisket sliders, and I have to tell you it blew me away with how much I loved it.  The staff were awesome with me and they were very friendly. I will definitely be back to try out their swing dancing, if anyone wants to go, and their karaoke, if anyone wants to go.
5	You will either love it or hate it. Awesome old fashion drinksAwesome decor and historyNot your daily radio top hit remixed music. They play all kinds....I mean Nsync and Journey. Just try it out....will be warm during summer time.
5	Loved this place!  Saw it on DDD and have been waiting for a chance to go ever since. I had the Mac and Cheese Muffins and the Chicken Pot Pie Jar. Both did not disappoint!  I highly recommend the Mac and Cheese Muffins. There's enough to share with others as it is almost a meal by itself. Another friend had the cheeseburger sliders and they were not just your average slider. Had a pesto flavor with it and the meat was very high-quality tasting. The Maple BBQ ribs were very tasty. We also sampled the Duce Lemonade and Mojitio. Both were spot on, the Mojitio had a nice flavorful twist that made it stand out from what I normally have tasted. I recommend either one. We can't wait to go back again and try out the rest of the menu. Hopefully we can try out the pong pong tables too!
1	I give this place 1 star because of bad customer svc and their horrible drinks. They claim to be organic, healthy... BS the drinks are extremely weak and so juicy that they give me heartburn. $12 per drink and if you want to add alcohol $12 addtl for a shot so you end up paying $24 for a reg drink. Bartenders are rude including the blonde lady-manager so do not dare to complain about the price or the drink. I wont go back, no way Jose!
4	Cool, unconventional place. The brisket sliders are a must. The meat is so tender and just yummy. The bun was also so good. Tasted like a fresh bakery roll. The cheese sliders also had great flavor. The macaroni and cheese balls/muffins were tasty, too. The cocktails - oh my. I tried the Southside and the Cherry Sidecar. Both were amazing. I love that all the cocktails are vintage inspired.
4	The Duce is a really unique place to hang out with friends.  They have an eclectic mix of attractions like a boxing ring, random vintage exercise equipment, a DJ station, drink carts, a milkshake counter.  I came here in December for brunch and it was nice because they had a lot of heaters out for us, which was necessary since the whole place is pretty much an open air warehouse.  The food we tried was good (a variety of sliders, a salad with strawberries, and mini bake mac and cheese muffins), but nothing I was crazy about or that I would crave again.  So if I came back I'd probably come for the lively atmosphere and drinks with friends.
5	This place was great! The atmosphere was not "clubby" which is great! The karaoke was also wonderful.  I would defintely come back again to dance the night away.
3	I'm undecided about this place.  I heard about their drinks made from fresh fruit and was interested to try.  What I did not expect was that it was going to be an old school gym/boxing ring/ping ponging place serving food out of an airstream.  I can't lie, the drinks WERE good.  They seem a bit spendy but given the size, it feels like a decent deal.  However, we later concluded that they aren't terribly strong and they use ice to make it seem like you're getting much more than you actually are.  The food was surprisingly good.  The mac n' cheese muffins were pretty tasty and the s'mores cheesecake (which, be forewarned, is an actual small cheesecake) was quite delicious (although maybe a skosh too much marshmallow).
5	Amazing place to meet up with friends or date. Good music or karaoke, and where else can you play ping pong and foosball next to a boxing ring and 50s diner.
3	It's a bit out of the way and in a dicey neighborhood. Once inside it is like a big playground. Liked the feel. They have ping pong, shuffle board, bean bag toss, a boxing ring, shopping for too expensive fatigues, etc...... That was fun. However for me the Happy Hour food was just okay and so was the orange blossom beer. Have had better. Not a good value. HH only goes till 6 so it is difficult to make it there after work. Liked the music. A good mix of the new and old.
2	After seeing The Duce on DDD we (5 of us) had to try it during our trip out in AZ.  It has limited parking but the whole layout of the place and atmosphere was really cool. It was 11 am on a Friday. Near empty. The hostess/order taker stated she wouldn't take out order for 20 minutes. "So look around and then comeback and order." So we did. Dropped $56 on 2 sliders, macncheese muffins, chicken pot pie in a mason jar, some corn thing, 1 beer, 1 pop, and an Arnold Palmer. I wasn't concerned till I saw the portion size. Sad... Not to mention it took a while and the service came with some attitude. I will say the food did taste good however.I was really excited about this place. The owners are from Chicago and so are we. I don't think they were there though. Giving them the benifit of the doubt we ordered dessert. Served in another mason jar it shattered as soon as my Father in Law put his fork in it to take a bite. Yikes...I think Guy built it up a bit on DDD.High prices. Small portions. Attitude from staff. Equals Bad recipe. I'm really bummed about this. I had high hopes. Make your own decisions though. This place could be really awesome.
4	Service wasn't awesome, it's an order on your own at the food truck or bar and pick up your own order. No waiters or waitresses. But the vibe is awesome. Nice mix of people. Awesome music (old school 90s, 80s,70s, etc). Karaoke was super fun. All in all a great time. Also the drinks are awesome :-)
5	Reading the negative reviews I almost didn't check this place out. Stopped in on my way back home to California. Prior to stopping I had read if your not a regular you'd receive terrible service this was so far from the truth. Super neat place food was good, service excellent, drinks amazing loaded with a ton of ripe delicious fruit! Yes it's a little pricey but it's not your average place. I will definitely stop by again! Thank you Duce for stepping outside of the box and coming up with a super unique dining experience!m
3	This place is super. But VEGETARIANS beware:  there is gelatin & animal based protein ingredients in most items, including the desserts, like the cheesecake :/
4	I had mixed feelings about this place the first time I went due to the customer service. Its very different, you walk in and seat yourself. It's such a beautiful place with vintage decor and amazing american food. There sliders were killer. The drinks were so good too! Slightly on the higher price but worth it. My first experience was a thursday about a month ago and I was bummed because I felt like the "server" seemed uninterested with helping us and not thrilled to be at her job. But the second time in, last Wednesday was a completely different story. The server or trailer girl/hostess was fantastic. Has an amazing personality perfect for the job. She greeted us with smiles and laughter. Made us feel extremely comfortable and new a lot about the place. We sat on the patio because it was nice out and began chatting with her like we were old time friends. It seemed like every customer or group that came in had the same experience, our table would actually envy the other tables if she spent to much time with them. She engaged customers to chat with one another too. She gave so much info about the place we told our friends to join the gym! I say find out when she's working before heading in! she'll make the difference for ya!! Great place, have to take in relative or out of towners and maybe get back into the fitness game. You have to check it out!
5	Yet again triple D doesn't disappoint. This place is great the atmosphere is contagious and the food was great. I will be back and I'm bringing friends
3	Fun vintage little hotspot. Parking is very limited and the drinks are way overpriced. About $10-$14 if you get one of there specially made drinks. I do love this place for dancing though! It's right between the feel of a club and a bar. They play old school through current hits! I first found this place and now my friends have fallen in love with it as well.
1	Giving one star took effort! Moving forward I will ALWAYS read reviews. AMAZING drinks, hands down! A little pricey but fresh organic ingredients make it worth the price! Swanky spot with a dope atmosphere. Good music too! Very slow service, below average food and small portions. My hubby & I are gluten free and most of the menu contains sliders. I ordered the ribs and my husband had an egg skillet. I took one bite and left my food on the table. I may go back but it will only be after dinner and for drinks only! And...I plan to email the restaurant about my concerns.
1	So yeah!!! This place was recommended to my wife by friends who lucky I still call them friends at my experience.  The setup is cool, it is swanky and hip.  I dig that. The food I give 4 thumbs down. I had eggs, only thing I could eat pretty much. My wife had the ribs, which I will suggestion you avoid at all cost. They, the ribs, straight assaulted my senses. And we had to 30 minutes when nobody was really there. Customer service was okay. Really nice bartender. Very helpful.  The girl who took the order, helpful.  Parking: it sucks! Drinks are good though but pricey. Overall: I more than will not return and my stomach hurts from the food.
3	A sure most try, The Duce is a very hipster family fun place were you can also enjoy a throw back beer and listen to awesome funky music and is perfect if you have younger ones in the group that hold you back from a regular bar/club I have seen children on a Friday night with family. Not a very big selection on drinks and I would not recommend the food, mostly a fun place to hang out after dinner.
5	How do I explain the Duce? Sometimes I think Phoenix is what Brooklyn could be if it had more space. The Duce seems like an experiment- it's a bar/dessert truck/boxing ring (?)/dance floor/general store/wedding reception space and probably other things I'm leaving out. Here's what you need to try: apple cider beer- it's locally made and crazy-delicious. The bartender told me all girls love it! My boyfriend and I were silly enough to split a smore's pie we saw off the menu of the cute little aluminum dessert truck. We thought it would come in a mason jar situation, but it was the size of nearly a regular pie!! My fork had greater staying power than his, but even I had had enough of marshmallowy goodness. I'm not sure if we'll be back but it's definitely worth a visit. I'm still dreaming about that pie.
5	Love this place! All the food I've tried is tasty- get the Chicken Pot Pie or any of the sliders. The mac and cheese muffins are tasty, and darling. Everything I've had has been delicious. For drinks- I am on a makers mark kick so I loved the Old Fashioned and the Brown Derby. Fresh juice, so tasty. The decor is a little insane, like some chick's pinterest account exploded on everything, but there's so much to do, so much to look at! There's a freaking boxing ring in the middle! You can play corn hole (beanbags) and ping pong. I have been bringing people here a lot lately. It's just such a fun place!
4	OK. Prior to stepping foot inside I remember passing by this metal shed each time I would go to a D-Backs game. I always felt like I would either get raped or shivved if I strolled in here. I told this to the bartender, who laughed and said "Well that is a possibility". So, being a pasty white boy, how could I possibly have fallen in love with The Duce when death is so certain? Well, its because this place is like a loving pit bull: Looks are deceiving!~What to Do?~You can drink....because it's a bar. You can enjoy a variety of eats and treats, if they have them. You can sing karaoke, if drunk enough...and you can entertain your large group of friends, if you have enough of them. Besides the wide open space in the main area near the bar, they also have Corn Hole and Ping Pong (or as they say in China: Ping Pang) tables ready to go!~The Good~Service is great. The bartender was relaxed and quickly made me a drink after I looked at him bemused by the mason jars and high-end liquors. All the liquor is high-end (blow me, Baccardi) and just adds to the utter ironic nature of this place. A big shed, slinging high quality cocktails in mason jars? Like Marv Albert would say: "Yessssssss!!!!" They also offer old-school beers which like dinosaurs I thought were buried long long ago... So long that most of us never would think would be offered at this point. So wrong! You can find them here! It's just different at the Duce. The drink menu is huge, and the drinks are as well. Prices are a bit steep, but these are top shelf liquors we are drinking and the sizes are huge. Do the division, the price is right! Food looks serviceable, it's a give and take menu filled with fun items that will fill most gullets. I am on a diiiet, as in, I die inside when I look at the items on the menu. Looks yummy, I must say. Dessert is off the chain, from regular pies and shakes to spiked floats and shakes as well!! Plus, the atmosphere is so chill....so chill. Ping pong and Corn hole in the middle room is an awesome touch, as is the random boxing ring, which I imagine numerous drunks crawl on. Karaoke on Thursday (when we went) was totally fun, even when only 15 people were in the joint. The staff all know how and when to buddy up and talk to their patrons, and make the place even more inviting.~The Bad~So the desserts were pretty much all out. I was going to get Laura I. a surprise pie in a cup, and they were all out...lame. That's about the extent of the issues I had with the food itself. As for the venue, it's a tad dingy outside and inside (I mean, come on). I still am not sure about hitting this place up all by myself on a raging Saturday night.. Really though, this place has few flaws and sets itself apart because it rolls to its own beat.~The Low Down~There is so much space here! You can take huge groups and bring them for a good time. Whether its karaoke or just because, if you live in Downtown/Central Phoenix, The Duce is an awesome and ironic spot to grab a drink (or 10). I am yearning to go back and fight my fear of being shot. I am curious. Maybe that's why my friends call me whiskers. Because I am curious like a...4 stars for well-made eclectic drinks, a solid and mouth-tempting Menu, A+ atmosphere, and another star because it said so! Can't wait to go back!!
4	The duce seems to be everything you want it to be really. Picnic table, boxing ring, vintage items, gym, karaoke, wedding reception and a dance floor. :) The atmosphere was was awesome. The set up to this place was funmI had the cheesy sliders, it was a great flavor. their roll was phenomenal. Yummmm.I shall be backk.
3	Cool place to stop in and check out. Grab a beer and relax. However it took over a hour for cheeseburger sliders... Seems way to long to wait! Hope they get the kitchen speed faster, otherwise it's a good place
3	Was going to goto last exit till I stumbled upon this place , pretty big place and had some girls inside so I gave it a shot,  music , karoke, clothing store, tennis , bean bags, boxing ring,  weird setup but cool at the same time , great elements for a place to chill , eat, and get drunk
4	What a hidden friggen gem! From the outside you have NO idea what to expect but I was very pleasantly surprised. Around each corner is something new and exciting from the kareoke to the dance floor, to the boxing ring, to the food truck, and the store. Tons of fun!!! I can't wait to go back. My only complaint but also a compliment is that the drinks are pricey. Most likely because they're made with all organic fruits or veggies, etc. They're delicious - don't get me wrong! I tried their lemonade with vodka and also their bloody mary - YUMMMM! But they're pricey ($12+) and they take FOREVER to make. I sat at the bar for probably 20 min before I was even acknowledged. The bartender wasn't being rude, just really busy. I would have drank a lot more if it didn't take so long to get served. 4 stars for the ambiance & the cool vibe. 2 stars for the service.
4	This spot is like no other place I've been. Bags, boxing ring, ping-pong, beer, dance floor, karaoke, bar, apparel shop, and the list goes on. They play truly good music and everyone really dances. I mean REALLY DANCES! None of this grinding all over one another crap. Real, having a good time, good vibes, moving bodies, dancing. Great spot if you are wanting a change of pace from the club or bar scene. I love coming here with a small group of friends and just enjoying one another's company.
1	This place blows like a con air. Lamest crowd/staff ever. Over priced drinks, bad music, bad vibe, bad location. AVOID!
4	After seeing a few pictures on line I've decided to check this place out.  The facility is amazing, (noted that i did not come here for the food) they have a boxing ring, corn hole, ping pong table and a Foosball table.  The drinks are great, had their mojitos, peach cobbler and a few other.  The vibe, the dance floor, the dj, and the crowd were amazing...it was a very friendly environment, you dont have to worry about pretentious dbag roaming around the bar or people that think you are just not "hip" enough.all in all i really enjoyed this place, and will definitely come back for another adventurous night!
1	Must update my review- the owner of this place is a d-bag! They were so concerned with their lame karaoke night that they wouldn't let us sing any songs that involved "bad words". Also 90% of the people there weren't even drinking- which isn't a big deal except for the fact that my friends and I's $50 bar tab a piece (for like 4 mediocre drinks) didn't warrant more leniency for karaoke. It's not like we were trying to sing Wu-Tang. But seriously every 10 minutes the owner or manager was running over like a total prude yelling at the dj. Lame lame lame. Will never come here again. This place is like a church retreat- but even worse. Also- their clothes and boutique totally suck. And they're bathrooms are disgusting.
2	had a hunger for chicken pot pie. They are hard to make so went on line to find review for them in Phx/scottdale area. Ok DUCE came up as best place. So for late lunch today went and had one (other person shared sweet potato chips  and she had a salad) ok..creamy, yes. Ingredients..meh..chicken scraps. Crush...not golden brown that was for sure. doughy. chips were soaked in grease. Salad..geesh..lettuce was rough..not hardly cut up..just garbage. Very disappointing for the price. Circuses..well ok the place is a good place to drink and eat finger food...big and a fun bar like place...old school beers. otherwise forget the pot pie etc.
2	I have mixed feelings about my experience at the duce. I took my mother, sister and girlfriend there on a Tuesday night and had a fun time overall. The positives are that the food is good, the building was large, and they had a unique list of beers: old style, schlitzz, and other Chicago-only beers.Unfortunately, the waitress that took our order was very rude, the bartenders were blatantly talking about how to get more tips out of their customers,  and the macaroni and cheese muffins were not as good as Guy Fieri made them out to be. I would not recommend this place because of the service, the limited parking, and the uncomfortable seating. I could not see myself coming back unless they improved their menu, and worked on their customer service.
1	Years ago, we met up with some friends for a going away party at The Duce, and my husband and I were thoroughly impressed. It was one of the first times we experienced craft cocktails that require a fair amount of labor to create rather than the standard stuff we used to drink in college. The food was good, and the atmosphere was fun. We started recommending The Duce to people based on that one visit.Since it had been so long (5+ years) from our first visit, we decided to hit up The Duce after a Suns game. The atmosphere was still great especially with the beautiful weather, and it wasn't too crowded. In fact, the bar was missing its bartender. We waited for awhile and was told by another employee that he would return, but we started giving up hope. He finally returned while I placed our food order.I experience the same delay at the food trailer. A couple people told me the cashier would return. After some time, the cooks finally paged the girl overhead. No apologies for the delay, just like with the bartender. The food did come out quickly, but it was wrong. We ordered plain chips, but the kitchen was out. Of course, the cashier failed to inform me. They told me I could get a refund which normally I wouldn't do for $4, but considering the minuscule portion size (just a bit more than a handful), I waited yet again to get my money back.The drinks were much worse than what we experienced on our first visit. My husband's old fashioned was more of a cooler because it had soda in it. My brown derby was drab and overly sour.Next time we're downtown, we'll head over to the Palomar where we can get much better food and drinks for the same price.
1	I just happened to watch the TRIPLE D SHOW featuring the Duce...whow..the chicken pot pie I had barely resembled the one shown on Triple D...my crust..was raw and the pie barely had any ingredients..along with chicken scraps...wow..Guy was rooked and so was I...could not believe what I was seeing...just not the same at all
5	Just went back for lunch and drinks  and I'm not sure what people were talking about with the poor customer service.  Everyone was super nice from the bartender to the wait staff.  Yes it took 30 minutes to get food but they stated that upfront.  Had the family sliders to try out all the different ones.  The brisket and the short rib sliders were the bomb out of the group!!  The mojito's were still kick ass!
1	I really wanted to love this place! The outside was so cute, great bar and patio...the inside got a little confusing with a boxing ring and...shopping? The drinks: fine, good even, but way overpriced at $12 for weak margaritas. The food: atrocious. My brisket sliders were 50% fat, my potato "chips" were soggy and the Mac n cheese muffins were in desperate need of flavor. Also in a really shady neighborhood. Yikes.
4	We love going to The Duce. It is one of the most unique bars you will ever visit. We live near it and always take our friends and family here whenever they are in town. They have great old fashioned drinks and beers here.  Their food is also pretty good, and one of these days I am going to try their ice cream.  The only thing is that they are pretty expensive. The drinks average around $10 for the cocktails, but they will literally squeeze the juice for the drinks in front of you! They are absolutely delicious. Also, we always walk, but I believe they only have valet parking. There is plenty of parking throughout the downtown area in easy walking distance. Definitely stop in here if you find yourself in downtown Phoenix!
3	Again mixed feelings - came here as a customer and loved the entire concept but noticed they needed a lot of help behind the bar.Asked for a job bartending and they offered it to me on the spot.  Came in to train for bartending and they had me train as one of the trailer cashiers instead.  Wasn't really happy about this - plus I disagreed with a lot of their customer service practices, and decided to leave after a couple of weeks.As a week or more went on and I got to know the owners I also found out that they used to be primarily clothing designers and had sold their Fatigues brand to Chicos and had then invested their time and money into the Duce.Again I love their entire concept and really think it could be an amazing place one day.  My only two suggestions would be to bring in bar and restaurant manager with lots of experience with a FOOD not RETAIL background.
5	This place was really fun. The bar is limited but the drinks they do have are very tasty. It is like a Playland for adults. Food was fantastic.
3	Great venue, really well appointed, perfect for big events but a bit too quiet on our other visits.  We most recently went there for the Pancakes and Booze Art show, which was lots of fun and drew a nice crowd.  The art was pretty interesting, and the music (though totally blaring in one section of the show), was pretty fun.  The place was lit up beautifully and offered tons of places to grab a seat or grab some drinks/food.When we've eatern there, the food was pretty decent - the breakfast sliders are simple and tasty, and they sometimes have pie from Rock Springs - try any cream pie!  So, why the 3 stars?  The parking sitation is atrocious unless there's literally no one else there.  For the event, they had complimentary valet, but my friend's car was blocked in and they parked it somewhere they didn't have a right to call a tow truck.  They also handled the situation badly by not addressing it for like 30 minutes.  Aside from the time we were there for an event, the place has a tendency to feel like a really cool ghost town.  The food and drinks are dispersed at different counters around the vast place, and those counters are often closed or unmanned.  The pie counter was closed a few times (if you're there and it's open, try any cream pie - they're from Rock Springs and they're yummy).  Although there is lots of cool stuff everywhere, the merchandise is painfully overpriced (so not a great shopping spot at all).  Overall, a super cool idea with just ok execution.  I am hoping to go to more events here!
2	So far I'm not exactly impressed. I know that I should give it a few more goes until I write up my review but I just couldn't believe how rude and pushy the men were behind every single bar counter. On my birthday seriously. I could not believe it. My boyfriend had ordered me a drink n walked away because the bartender at the main bar was taking forever to make my drink until he was finished to pay for it for my bday.  The bartender finished and looked over me and asked rudely excuse me do you want a drink? I said that's the rio verde right? My boyfriend ordered that for me and then he asked me for my id and barely looked at it. Then handed it back quickly asking if I wanted to close or leave the tab open, since my boyfriend was the one stuck on his phone not paying attention I decided to close and pay for it since I did not want to be anywhere near that damn bar before I blew a fuse. I've had it with rude people and the second bar guy near the bar close to the kitchen was rude as well when we were trying to leave. Which I refuse to get into because the bartenders were just ungodly rude and I personally don't want to go back but my boyfriend says he will only go back for the drinks since we can make the food so much better than what we tried. We tried the brisket and short ribs sliders and were kind of disgusted in a way because they lacked flavor along with the Mac and cheese muffins since my home made Mac and cheese is amazing.If I were to return would be some kind of nonsense because my boyfriend would like drinks. I would not enjoy being in the establishment to say the least.
4	Very random. Boxing Rink, Mason Jars and Mixologist. You have to try it to get it. Good Soild Food, Great Drinks. Alot of RANDOM FUN!
5	Based off of the reviews, I was a bit hesitant to visit, but I am beyond happy I did.My friends and I were looking for a karaoke place to go to, but had trouble due to the fact that we aren't 21 yet. Luckily, I came across The Duce and gave them a call to see if we could still get in and they just said we couldn't buy alcohol. I was down. Though the location was a tad sketchy, parking was great and we had no problem getting in. Immediately when we got there, we were greeted by some loud throwback Backstreet Boys and friendly staff. We were overwhelmed by how many awesome things they had going on (clothing store, milkshake bar, ping pong tables, bars, bars, bars, fully functioning kitchen, boxing ring, etc), but what attracted us the most was the dance floor. Though we expected karaoke, we were totally down for some dancing (karaoke is more of a Thursday night thing, apparently).After a few songs, we settled at one of their rad tables and ate some rad mac n cheese muffins, cronuts, and melted cheese sliders. It's a little on the pricy side, but so worth it. What's also great is that they had some tanks of water right next to the dance floor with some nicely-sized cups that we could pour for ourselves.Everyone they're was super chill and had a pretty wide range of age. Also, it's half outdoors, half indoors with massive ceiling fans, so I wasn't even that hot (unless I was hardcore busting a move). I'm going back all of the time because of how dope it was!
4	This place is very laid back. When we walked up we were greeted by a very friendly waiter whom have us menus an that we could sit anywhere than come up an order when ready. The food is really good it's bar/dinner type food sliders side dishes pie  milkshakes. The pie in a jar is fantastic There is a boxing gym inside sometimes the music felt it was being turned up (a little loud)
4	I loved this place when I checked it out a year ago and I love it even more now that I've seen they've made improvements. I went dancing there quite some time ago and the air circulation was nonexistent so it was impossible not to get overheated but last night (April '14) I never thought twice about the temperature and I danced to their sweet swinging tunes all night long. Swing nights are probably my new favorite night of the week. The only reason that I didn't give them a 5 star review was that I was a little concerned about their bar tender. She was nice and made good drinks (freaking delicious actually) but she was very slow at making just two drinks and she used her hands to handle all of the ingredients. Like, tipped the jar of blueberries into her hand to put them in my drink. Don't bartenders typically use those spears to out that stuff in? It just seemed a little bit of excessive touching of something I'm going to be drinking.
5	Finally got a chance to go to The Duce!  I've been meaning to come here for a long time, but we just never got a chance to do it.  Well finally, after a Dbacks game I suggested to my group to finally check it out.  Glad we all did!The Duce is a giant historic wearhouse with lots of activities to do.  We were lucky enough to park right out front, and from where you walk in, hint it's in the rear, you walk past a Streamliner trailer that you can order food from.  I've seen the Triple D esposide where Guy loved the mac and cheese muffins, so I had to try them too.  $4 for 9 mini muffians seemed like a great deal.After putting in my food order, I was told that it was happy hour all day and bottles of beer were half off.  I ended up ordering a round of PBR.  If anyone follows my reviews then you have to know that I'm a craft beer fan, not PBR!  But the Duce only had 2 craft beers on tap which didn't really appeal to me.  At first, I was thinking that The Duce wasn't going to be that good because of the lack of beer choices, but after I ordered a spiked lemonade for my wife at the the main bar I realized that beer doesn't matter here at the Duce, it's all about their speciality drinks!!!!  The lemonade was amazing.  On our next round I shared a Greyhound with my wife and it was the best!  Just 2 ingredients, freshly squeezed grapefruit and vodka.  It took a few mins to make the drinks, but that's because they are all freshly made.  I was very impressed.  While waiting for the mac and cheese I saw my friends had grabbed hula hoops and started to play with them.  I went back to pick up the mac and cheese which came in a basket, perfect for sharing.  We then walked around and went to station to station.  I mean, we saw punching bags, so we put on gloves and hit the bags.  Saw corn-hole, then played a doubles game. Then saw foosball and had to play.  Thats where the fun of the Duce comes in.  You have get involved.  There is really so much to do.  I saw ping pong as well but we were worn out after all of the activities they have to offer.  I'd like to add that the music they were playing was a lot of fun and there were people dancing on their dance floor.  This place is so huge that you can sit right next to the speakers, or in a corner that is quiet, or outside on old fashion lawn chairs.  It's all up to you.I saw the owner walking around, picking up gloves and putting away weights and talked to him briefly about the activities.  I told him that I really enjoyed what he had done and told him that I would be back.  He shook my hand and thanked me.  He also explained that in the afternoons they offer boxing classes.  That explains the ring they have.lol.To sum up the Duce...thats hard...I would say if you are wanting a good time with a super cool concept then come here.  I could see if you just went to eat or drink and just sit there then it might not be that good for you..We all had such a great time that we couldn't stop talking about it.  Too bad they had to close early on our visit, 5:30 for a private wedding.  While we were leaving we saw the wedding party and it appeared that they were actually going to use it as a ceremony and reception place.  My wife and I looked at each other and said that this would have been awesome!
5	The Duce is a special place, indeed.  My friend took me here when I visited from Austin and we had a blast!  The place is big enough to just kick back and relax with good conversation but there is so much more to this place.  For one, the games.  They have a whole range of retro games that anyone can play like foosball, hula hoops, sandbag/bean toss, ping pong (where were the balls?), etc.  There is a bunch of old school exercise equipment with which you can mess around as well.They have a dance area with great music pumping out of a solid sound system.  They also sell shirts and stuff.  The drinks are phenomenal.  They make everything from scratch - including freshly squeezed fruit.  We got a Greyhound.  It had a double shot of vodka and freshly squeezed grapefruit.  It was one of the best ever.  We also got an adult milkshake.  Same thing - one of the best ever.  Most of their drinks are stiff ones (though you wouldn't know it) so be ready!  Their beer selection is composed of almost all old-school beers like Old Style so this is not the place is you are all about craft beer.We got the mac n' cheese muffins to nibble on.  They were worth checking out.  I wouldn't go crazy over them myself but that is just my preference.  I can see their allure.  They have a bunch of sliders that looked interesting.  I will have to have them next time around.All in all, this is a place to go if you want to have fun.  If you want a place to sit and quietly sip cocktails then don't come here.  But if you want to get a little goofy, drink some amazing cocktails, have some interesting food, and just enjoy spending time with your friends and making new ones then this is the place.  Truly a gem in the Phoenix scene, or any scene for that matter.
4	Fun & funky. We went there on a Sunday late afternoon, so it wasn't very crowded. I'm sure it's a MUCH different vibe at night or on the weekends. Lots of retro kitsch all over the place, in a good way. Plenty of games to play and things to see. A couple of craft beers available, but I decided to go "ironic" and get a Hamm's and a Schlitz. Yup, just as crappy as I ever remembered, but brought back great memories. Food was good - ribs and housemade chips, sliders and salads for friends and kids. Servers were super-friendly. My only complaint -- on a 100 degree day it gets HOT in there. Uncomfortably hot. Could really use some A/C or even some much stronger fans.
5	The Duce is magical. My first time I was introduced to the place was on the London Bus Pub Crawl, got great drinks, danced and poof had to leave. Came back for a Friday night Karaoke, met up with some friends and just relaxed and enjoyed the evening, so much to do, games, ping pong, bags, you name it. My hubby and I loved The Duce so much that we got married there (we also shared our first kiss on that Karaoke night). Ellen is awesome, the owners are amazing people, our most important day was perfect, every person had a great time, young and more wise alike. Best food, super shakes and old school beer with premium bar, I cannot say I love this place more! We are patrons for life.
5	We enjoyed awesome cocktails and some kick butt sliders! Our favorite was the brisket sliders! Then, for desert we had the cinnamon cheese cake. It was a little too much for 2 people but we brought the rest home and will be having it as a midnight snack! Yum!
4	The May special, buttermilk breaded chicken sliders, is excellent. Be prepared to wait a little longer for the order, they don't rush it. The side order of crisps was very small and expensive. I would not recommend it, especially for sharing. Over this place is great for family and friends. I will visit again.
2	Maybe if we didn't have to wait an hour for our food and watch at least three different parties who arrived after us get their orders before us, I might give this place more stars. The food, when it finally arrived, was good but pricey. What got me is why the wait? You place your order at the front and pick up your own food. But what really got me was the girl that took our order gave us an extra drink and some popcorn but neither time did she apologies for the wait. Twice I went up to question the wait. Twice I was told ours was next. Twice it wasn't. Maybe a little more acknowledgment of the situation would have me giving the a second chance. But not after just pretending there was nothing wrong.
1	Worst Food in the Southwest?This is a very unique  place. I'm sure there are good reasons to go there, but please, don't go there for the food. And if you do go there, make sure you eat first. Go to drink, dance, party ... but not to eat.  Horrible food, egregiously overpriced.We went for lunch.  We were the only people there at noon,  not a good sign.  The ribs were simply terrible. For $14, you got  ... six small ribs; that is all.  They were clearly warmed over, and appeared to have been cooked day or two or a week? earlier. And they were barely warm. Simply dreadful.  One of us ordered the sliders, and they were equally ghastly.
2	Really its a 2 1/2 just not deserving enough of a 3The good: The place itself is pretty rad and eccentric!The lemonade is soo yumny and perfect on a hot summer day! The sliders are tasty and flavors are inviting. Family friendly.The bad:My chips were completely burnt and i mean they looked more like charcoal than sweet potato chips. I took them back and was promised a new set, which i never got so i pretty much gave away my money. That alone threw me off. The cups offered  for water were dirty.the water was hot. for their prices atleast some ice and lemon wedges would be nice.Customer service was ok other than not bringing me my darn chips. I would go give it another try for the heck of the sliders and lemonades but it will be a while.
5	I will definitely be back to this place!Came here on a weekday early evening, so there were not many people.  What a great place to come hang out! So much to do and see!We ordered the family sliders that came with 7 of our choice! I, being the only girl volunteered to only eat one and let the two guys I was with have 3 each.  I quickly regretted that after trying the first bite of my burger slider.  SO DELICIOUS! I don't know what sauce they put on it, but my taste buds LOVED it!I tried the meatball slider, it was average but the bbq one was great as well!We also got the mac and cheese bites, which were very good, but semi overrated.  For dessert, I got the smores shake, and loved every bit of it.  My boyfriend got the pecan pie and it was way too sweet for me, but still yummy.  I would love to try their breakfast foods and cheese cake next time! See ya soon!
4	Such a fresh, fun place! It was enjoyable to hula hoop, play ping pong and corn hole while waiting for your food. The vibe was totally shabby chic. I would have given it five stars but it was quite pricey (easily $10-$16 a meal) and I got my food as nearly everyone else in my group was finishing. We ordered on the same ticket! I would still recommend this to friends and return. :)
4	This place can be a lot of fun, but it also can be LOUD which is really grating! Don't sit at the big table right by the bar as you won't be able to hear your friends. The other areas of the Duce are still loud, but not as bad. Also they should stop YELLING in the PA system when someone's food is ready. Seriously it put our whole party on edge. Other than that, it's a fun place to go to eat, hang out, and hula hoop! Seriously the addition of the corn hole game and a hula hoop had us cracking up all night! Good call Duce! Add some alcohol and you've got a party. I've also been to a wedding here and it was lovely. They just put up a white curtain blocking the store area, and the guests sat in the section of bleachers. It was SO CUTE and we loved it. They should add a couple pool tables, I think that would be fun. Overall this place is like... A honky-tonk minus the country music for hipsters.
5	Amazing!  My husband and I visited today and has definitely become a place we will take visiting friends from out of town. Also a great place to hang before D-Back games. Thank you Diners, Dives and Drive-Ins :)
5	Loved it!Sliders were awesome! Very unique concept that works!Go for date nite, drinks, or bring the kids!
3	It's a tough call here. The drinks were awesome, the staff was friendly, and the building is pretty darn cool. However, it was loud and got louder. And the food...well...it took over an hour and a half for our hot dogs (two of them) and chips and dip. We also ordered the Duce Dip, but they decided not to give it to us. We tried to cancel our order after we passed the 90 minute mark. The cashier was friendly and tried to be helpful. The manager was cranky, rude, and unapologetic. Eventually the found our lost order (most of it), refunded our food, and let us eat our hot dogs. Good on them for trying to make things right. The food was okay. Nothing special. The hot dogs tasted like hot dogs, the chips tasted like chips. The prices were fine. Had we gotten our food in a timely manner (they estimated it would take 45 min to an hour, which we were okay with) and/of had the manager been as friendly as the staff, all would have been good. We would go back again if invited, but probably not on a Saturday night.
4	Loved it!Very fun place to hang out with a group of friends. Prices are a little high but the food and drinks are great. Took them a while to make an appetizer that i ordered  but it was delicious in the end.
5	This place is absolutely perfect. Awesome service, lovely organic prohibition era cocktails, really wonderful eclectic open-air atmosphere.  The Duce is absolutely adorable.  Perfect place for an event.  Also the food is beautiful and they have old school games like corn hole, ping pong, and fooseball... Also on Sundays, boxing!  You gotta check it out!!!
1	I like the venue itself-cute vibe and all that. However the older blond bartender I encountered ruined my evening there when I went last Friday. First off I went to order the special, strawberry lemonade, and they were out of strawberries. So after waiting FOREVER to be helped she made me a raspberry something or other - which was awful I might add. So I tipped her a buck and walked away. Then my bank app alerted me that instead of charging me the $11.91 for the shitty drink she charged $111.91. So I go up calmly to ask about it and she was totally rude telling me she already had voided it. No apologies or anything. Basically... shit bartender+over priced bad drinks+mediocre dj+heat = lame experience
4	The Duce was our 2nd stop of my family's quest to try as many of the Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives restaurants located in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  If you want to take the entire family to an adult and kid friendly restaurant, you won't be disappointed by this fun and foodie friendly destination.  Don't be deceived by the old looking, warehouse-like appearance of The Duce.  You'll be pleasantly surprised by all the quirky things found inside.  Prominently displayed as you enter the restaurant are the spray painted picture of Guy Fieri and his framed picture next to a Coca-Cola bottle fridge indicating that The Duce was featured on Triple D.  I took my son, niece, nephew, and in-laws and their eyes widened with joy as they saw all The Duce offered.  There was a full size boxing ring, boxing heavy bag and punching bag, ping pong tables, fooseball table, bean bag toss games similar to horseshoes, apparel store with quirky tshirts, hats, and shoes, bicycles, soda shop, and old school bleachers.  You have to check out the restrooms, which have corrugated fencing for toilet stall dividers.  Right where Guy's spray painted face is, there's a DJ platform playing classic, old school music.  My family loved this place so much that they would have been content taking selfies and photographs of all the cool, picture friendly sights.  I really loved this place because of the ping pong table and the really fun games.  My son and nephew would have rathered play all of the games then eat.  I'll take both the food and games.Fun, interactive games and delicious food. Sign me up.  The Duce did not disappoint and once again, Guy Fieri knows great food.  Don't let your eyes order the food because if you do, you'll order more than you could eat.  My son and I ordered the family sliders comprised of your choice of 7  delicious sliders.  Honestly, this family meal is more than enough to feed a family of 4.  I picked the cheeseburger, egg, brisket, barbeque rib, and chicken sausage.  I loved the egg, chicken sausage, and cheeseburger.  My family loved the brisket.  The egg was dripping with finger licking yolk and combined with thick, savory bacon, I wanted another one.  The sausage  was thick and juicy.  I know, I know, that's what she said.  Cheeseburger was tasty and had yummy, melted cheese.  The bread used for the sliders were inconsistent, some hard and some soft.  Wish all of them were soft.  The one thing that is a must order are the cornbread, mac and cheese muffins.  These moist, cheesy and fluffy delights were morsels of foodie goodness.  OMG multiple times.  One thing I forgot to mention are the shakes.  My niece had the s'mores shake and my one slurp made me regret not ordering it.  Wow, it was sweet, smooth and I loved my tease of this delicious drink.If you're looking for a fun, interactive restaurant that serves delicious, tasty and filling food, drop into The Duce.  After the tummy busting food, you might have to drop a Duce.  Their restrooms are clean and fun to hang out in, so you'll be alright.
2	Parking is awfull. Small lot gets overloaded. I parked on a side driveway. I asked the worker if it was OK. He said yes -- there are no signs. I end up with a $50 ticket! Food is very good. No air conditioning!! Fast food type dining. Order at a window or the bar. Pick up your food when ready. Play some games while you wait. Its hard to hear your name called. Seat yourself anywhere.
4	Such a fun place to be! First time here and had a blast! Loved how the place was designed vintage and there was a variety of music. Had the cheeseburger sliders and a spiked root beer float... DELICIOUS! My friend and I do a lot of social dancing and were looking for a new place to dance... I think this will be a new hang out for us! Definitely going to recommend this place to friends :)
4	Like the idea- cool spot. It was hot when we got there but I would enjoy returning after sunset. Loved my whiskey sour- pricy but good. Skip the food- had the chips & onion dip, 3 slider combo & chicken brat- eh wasn't impressed with any of the food to be honest. Skip the food come for a cocktail, maybe a shot or two! Nice atmosphere! Loved the cashier- blonde, skinny gal with tattoos- she was new & so nice!
1	We went there on a Friday night for karaoke. The dj flat out told us that he doesn't care and he just wanted to play music all night. We talked to the manager, and his response was that the dj was just being a jerk and walked away. Then, the dj did a karaoke song himself! It was way too loud to even talk. The small drinks were $11. Not a good experience, and definitely not a place to go for karaoke.
4	Went for a few drinks yesterday since I got off work a little early. Really cool atmosphere though a little hot in the summer. Will be awesome when it cools down. Not to mention everyone should go see the the girl at the trailer. She's the super cute short haired blonde gal. Super friendly and awesome!! Will definitely be visiting again.
3	Cool place definitely would not have come here if I hadn't seen it on yelp. Looks like a dump on the outside but they definitely get their clientele through word of mouth. Nice place to grab a few drinks and hang with friends or significant others they have games like pong pong and cornhole which is also cool. I only give it three stars because I'm a beer guy and they don't have 1 ipa and their selection is less then stellar. It would be nice to see them add some craft beers to the menu but their cocktail list is extensive. Also it gets pretty hot in their in the summer they have fans but it only helps a little. Will definitely be back in the fall
3	This is a nice kick back bar near my work that's a nice place to hang with the guys and throw back a few cold ones. They don't necessarily have the best drink specials but they do have craft beer and good food to enjoy. I enjoy playing some bags in the air conditioning and the mood is right. Service was good no real complaints besides getting a warm beer from the outside bar. I would recommend this place if your not dressed up and just want something casual. It's overall a decent bar. Check it out.
5	Loved it.   Food came out in a reasonable time.  Person taking orders was friendly and helpful for first time eating there.  Mac and Cheese Muffins  are fantastic.
4	The coolest place to go for wonderful creative and fun fare, killer drinks, music, a piece of chicago, people, GAMES, hula hoop, boutique shopping, milk shakes, swing dancing, wobble dancing, jarred deserts, airstream trailers, group workouts, and boxing!!Yeah, thats right - this place has all of that and all wrapped up in a trendy - hipster, urban, neighborhood joint.  Love everything about  The Duce.
1	Not my cup of tea. It feels like they are trying way too hard to be cool or hipster. That said, everyone else I meet loves it.
3	Pros: cool atmosphere, lots of activities, interesting food, sustainable/organic alcohol Cons: HOT. They must not use a/c... Lack of parking, overpriced drinks
4	So had heard about The Duce many times prior but never believed the hype. Went over there last Saturday night after a couple of other stops throughout the day and the DJ was rockin' it from the moment I stepped foot in the establishment until they shut it down!!!  Great atmosphere, kind of on a younger tip as it relates to the clientele and the staff but great energy and a lot of fun! We ordered food, they were really down to barebone minimums by this time so we ordered a combination of the sliders: meatball sliders, which were my fave-brisket sliders, and chicken sausage sliders. Each of them were good but in my opinion the meatball were the best! Definitely recommend this spot if you're out to have a good time and dance the night away. Also, there are other activities on site which are really cool as well. So go have fun and enjoy!
2	I had been wanting to go here ever since I saw Guy Fieri's take on the place on Triple D. He correctly touted it as retro, kitschy and funky. What he failed to mention was that it is also uncomfortable (ridiculous table and bench setups, tables and chairs with torn upholstery from the 50s, no air conditioning or heating, etc.), tight fisted on servings and....well, dirty. The dining area is open to the elements, even when you choose to eat "inside" so whatever flies, drifts or blows in....does. The tray our food was served on had a glob of grease underneath right where my fingers came to rest as I carried it. Our table had probably seen soap and water maybe several days earlier. In the middle of the warehouse (yep, that's what it is) is a boxing ring which we knew about, and a clothing emporium which we didn't know about. Too much going on to feel comfortable. This warehouse didn't know what it wanted to be when it grew up.Now about the food. The brisket sliders were awesome! The mac & cheese muffins were fun, tasty and we had enough left to take home. That's where the good part ended.  The sweet potato chips were almost microscopic and we could not figure out where they got such tiny sweet potatoes. Most were sized between the size of a dime and a quarter. Several chips were burned beyond recognition. The iced tea was served in a small mason jar and there were no free refills. If you prefer a non-nutritive sweetener, make sure you bring your own. They only have raw sugar and agave. And everything is ala carte. If you have a huge appetite, bring a sizable wallet with you.For the hype from Triple D, this was not worth the trip for us. We have no desire to go through the discomfort of sitting in that place again.  If I get a strong jones for those brisket sliders I will definitely call ahead for take-out.
2	I've been here before and enjoyed it... Then I had dinner there. Pretty terrible. I ordered a Moscow mule and it was unrecognizable as that beverage, the waitress never brought the silverware I requested, and instead of delivering my food to the table where my dining companions had already received their food, my food was left at the bar in the midst of all the swing dancing as it got cold until finally someone announced it over the loud speaker for me to come get. Do not get the tuna or tuna melt sliders. It was basically tuna straight from a can, sprinkled with some cheese and a little mayo on hard bread. It was cold and gross.
1	What a joke. Went there for "happy hour" on Friday and paid $16.00 for a 16oz drink that was 90% ice.  No AC and no waitresses. No!! I will NOT be returning.
4	We sauntered down here after a ballgame to grab a drink on a Saturday night. Like other have said, it is in a dark part of town, so make sure you have a buddy or two if you are parking there. The place screams hipster, but is tolerable for a few hours, especially since there is so much going on to distract yourself. The snack food was decent and the drinks were original and decent. Since the place is essentially a giant warehouse it is great for larger groups, however, as others mention it might be uncomfortable staying there for a few hours given the AC situation. One thing that really confuse me was having a boutique-like store in the middle of place that is essentially a bar and adult playground. If I was ever interested in buying a $180 sweatshirt, I doubt it would be from the same place I order a GnT from. I probably wouldn't make a special trip, however, will keep it in mind if I am ever looking for something different downtown.
5	After the endless bro-bar scene in Scottsdale  this is a really nice change of pace. Friendly staff, great music, and so many activities. (Insert step brothers joke here) boxing, ping pong, shuffle board, karaoke, and many more.  plus, ever spill your drink on your date? Awkward right? Never fear, full clothing store in the bar. That's what I call solid foresight.
3	I liked the space, though I am sure it will be more enjoyable when it's not so hot. Mac and cheese muffins were greasy and flavorless, not worth the $9, for sure. Food orders took a long time. The strawberry bruschetta was much better, but that seems like a hard thing to screw up. Good music early in the evening, mostly Motown, that was a mixed bag as the night went on. (Outkast, yes please, country music, not such a fan.)  I would go again, my friends and I had fun.
4	I had been wanting to visit The Duce for a real long time. Family visited and we meant to stop in for a drink, wound up staying the whole night!  Great vibe to the whole place, they staff is efficient, friendly and knowledgeable. Great concept of local produce used in their delicious beverages and entrees.  Being in the fitness industry myself I can appreciate the work outs they poor on ass well. I take every visitor I have to this place!  Try the mojito!
5	Awesome environment. The place is in a warehouse,  which sets a very unique interesting and fun atmosphere. Friendly staff, delicious fresh squeezed juice cocktails, many games, such as foosball, corn hole, ping pong, and hula hoops... the list goes on. They also have  very nostalgic shops with unique items to purchase. Great way to spend you days at and relax.
5	Had a wonderful time with someone special. Dj played that funk music (according) to my bf. Food is excellent. Try their slider sampler and mac n cheese muffin. We we're satisfy with all the food. You can also play games, dance (YMCA lol) but it is def hot hot hot outside in the summer time
5	I love the Duce! Such a fun place with something for everyone. Seriously- they have corn hole (aka Duce bag), ping pong, a dance floor (they play like the best of the 90s), a boxing ring and a store. And you can dress super casual! Love it love it love it!
4	Came here on a Saturday night and danced the night away! The Duce is so much fun. Here's what you need to know:-Huge open place, used to be an old boxing gym-Cool, funky decor. Reminded me of a picnic in the 50s-Quality, yet inexpensive drinks-Its an all-ages venue but the dancefloor area is SUPPOSED to be 21+. I wonder how/if this is actually regulated-Fun DJ playing a wide variety of dance-worthy music-Good crowd -Big game area with foosball, bags, and moreWill definitely be back for a good time
2	Maybe I'm just too old for this place but as a 30 year old, I felt like an outsider.  Everyone there seemed to be between 18-22, which to me, seems strange at a bar in downtown Phoenix.  I would have expected feeling that way on Mill Ave! Not that I go to Mill Ave ;) but seriously.  I was with a group of people ranging from 26 to 35 and we all felt extremely old and out of place.  It's a young, hipster place where there's only one beer on draft (it was some vanilla Hefeweizen.... I never heard of Hefeweizen with vanilla and I think there's a very good reason) and nothing good in bottles either (budweiser, miller high life, PBR, schlitz, etc).  How couldn't I find even a Bud Lite or Miller Light?!?!? We stayed for about 10 minutes before calling it a night.
5	I absolutely love The Duce!  I used to drive up Central and see the sign, not knowing if it was a restaurant, bar, gym, or store.  The fact is that it is all of the above.  Upon entering The Duce has such an unexpected element as you walk in.  When you walk through the old warehouse you stumble upon one surprise after another.  Looking for the most satisfying Mac and cheese?  You'll find it here!  Boxing and yoga on a Sunday morning?  Yup, it's here.  If my description of The Duce has you intrigued or even confused, pay them a visit!  You will not be disappointed.  Make sure to check out their hours of operation.  Monday's they are closed, but they make up for it with being open late every other day!
3	I came to the Duce again this past weekend.  Based on my last visit, I didn't really want to eat here again, but a friend was having his going away here and I was starving so I ordered dinner.  I got the chicken pot pie in a jar and the sweet potato crisps.The pot pie was good, although pretty small.  I liked the flakiness of the crust, but at the end of the meal the glass jar it came in broke!  The bottom corner of it came clean off.  I think the glass might have been weakened from being baked.  Not sure if the jar it came in was made to withstand high heat like that....The sweet potato crisps were a pretty big let down.  I thought they would be more like savory fries, but they are actually like potato chips.  And burnt chips at that!  Also, they were covered in brown sugar.  I would've preferred for them to be savory.  I expected them to be savory bc the lady who took my order asked if I wanted a french onion dip with them?  Sweet chips with a french onion dip sounds like an awful combination.  I'm glad I turned down the dip.Oh and eating all that hot food in a warehouse with no A/C was no bueno.  I was sweating and trying to fan myself, but it didn't help!  They need more fans or maybe some kind of indoor mister system...So yeah, I should have listened to the advice from my previous review and just stuck to drinks and the games here!  Everything else is only okay.
4	Headed over to this hyped joint for dinner.  Saw lots of different people here.  We ordered the three top popular sliders, the meatball, brisket and chicken sausage.  I enjoyed the meatball the most and the others enjoyed the brisket since it was sweeter.  We all didn't think much of the chicken sausage.  We ordered the baked mini Mac and cheese muffins.  They were interesting but I think a stronger cheese would have been better.  We had floats and shakes which were decent.  We then ended the night with the seasonal pumpkin cheesecake.  We all enjoyed that after playing some ping pong, foosball and the bean bag toss, yes they have loads of options for people out there including shopping, dancing, hoola hoops and more.
5	The Duce hosted the @instagramaz World Wide Instameet. It was my first time here, it was such an aesthetically beautiful place. Very unique. Great service and inside and outside seating. Some shopping too. Loved everything about this bar/lounge. They serve food too,  but didn't order anything. Definitely a must place to go if you go downtown. @theduce #theduce #yelp
2	I came in with 6 people and ordered Chicken Sausage slider. The cups for water were all wet and looked dirty, the place also was swarmed with flies. Everyone got their food except me. So I know they might have forgot my order. I talked to the cashier girl who got my order to check if they do. She comfirmed they're making it so i continue to wait. After everyone done eating, my order still hasnt come. I checked with the cashier girl again and she finally said the kitchen staff lost my order. I gave this place 2 stars since the manager was decent enough to get my order to-go with an extra apple pie and get me a refund as I demanded. I highly doubt that I would ever come back here again.
3	Beer list is bad and I just don't understand this place. It seems to have a lot of potential and is in a cool location - I'll probably come back just for these two reasons. But Ive never understood what brings it all together (could use Lebowski's rug, right?). Lot's going on, and I'm not sure it makes much sense or has the appeal that I'd think the owners are after. Nonetheless, worth popping in, I guess, just once.... just to confirm that Guy Fierri isn't the only one who loves this place. Speaking of Guy Fierri, why do they have his face on a baking pan that hangs on the wall? I think that turned me off more than the country-meets-RnB dancing that was going on when my wife and I stopped in last weekend. And why did they get rid of the Rock Springs pie bar? That was one good thing about this place that I miss. Oh well.
2	The number one thing is no air conditioning in the middle of Phoenix the food was good we had the brisket sliders very good the hamburger sliders okay the macaroni and cheese biscuits!!  The store was filled with high-priced old clothes over $100 for a shirt without a hood all the clothes in the store were very expensive. Ice-T is three dollars for an unrefillable pint jar. Overall I would give it to an a  2 &half stars it was very hot inside and lots of flies a ...The flies are really gross.
4	I go here to swing dance Tuesday nights with my boyfriend which is always a blast. I am never able to make swing classes because I get off work. This seems to be the only venue that serves alcohol which helps me get over my swing dancing jitters (I am much more attuned to salsa, belly dance and hip hop). I like the hoola hoops and games in the other room so that friends who don't dance can still be entertained. They may want to move one of the tables out of the way to make the dance floor a bit larger. I have eaten here once. Rachel was super helpful. She was bussing above and beyond and accidentally took my sliders before I was done, which are delicious. When I asked her about it, she ordered me a whole new batch. The bartenders are half descent. The older lady is cute but a bit slow and the other one looks like a bar back and isn't aggressive at all. He didn't say hi to us at the bar so I waited for the older lady and he ended up serving someone who came to the bar after me. I bartended for years and would never let something that happen. I will definitely come back though as this place is super fun.
5	This is one of the best restaurants I have ever been a patron of.  If you give it any less than 5/5 stars then you hate things that America stands for!  The decor is awesome!  The food is served out of an old airstream trailer named dutchess.  It seems like everything around is collected from local thrifts.  It's mainly retro and hodgepodge.  There is a boxing ring you can step into and a store as well.  They do different events on different nights to include swing dancing, boxing, old school workouts.    The food is spectacular!  There is a wide range of sliders, salads and drinks.  They have salads and shareable dishes to include Mac n cheese muffin bites and chicken pot pie in a mason jar.  All the drinks are served out of mason jars as well.  They have 16oz jars and 32oz jars if you're looking for a little more liquid courage.  Give this place a shot!  You won't be let down.  They do group events and functions and can be reserved for just about anything.  So cool!
4	It was a friend's birthday outing and they chose this spot. I was a little skeptical of course because out of all the years I've lived in Phoenix, I've never heard of this place. They have self parking and valet there. I suggest valet though because some of my friends got tickets that night. Walked in and I think there was a private party going on in one end. Then, we walked over to the other side. I noticed a boxing ring in there and that was different, lol. There was a dancing area, had their own little DJ booth, and even corn hole. Also, a ping pong table and two bars, random to be, but I really enjoyed it! You served your own water too at the water station, lol. If you were hungry they had it to where it was a food truck style place. Some variety on the menu. I was bummed out because they ran out of pot pie. I settled with some sliders. I had the brisket and meatball. Those were pretty good!  Some of us also shared an alcoholic beverage in a big jug. I forgot the name of the drink, but that did not disappoint either!It was really a chill spot. Everything was roomy, i felt relaxed, and most importantly there was just plenty of diversity there. A cool thing about it was that when you order you HAVE TO provide a nickname so that the DJ can call you on the mic when you food is ready! Speaking of the DJ, a lot of oldies, but every song was just the right kind of song because of how the mood was there. Chilled and relax. Should be back here for some drinks soon.
4	Showed up on a random day where it was super quiet. We walked from downtown and at first, weren't sure what the hell this thing was or how to get inside. I imagine on a busy day it's a totally different experience, but we showed up for Sunday brunch and everything about this place felt and seemed like magic. It was a random assortment of everything from a boxing ring to a dance floor to a bar area to an outside patio with stuff from a B52s video set.The menu isn't super expansive, but it's semi-eclectic and there is booze if you're into that...but they had cream soda for me, so I was in good shape regardless.The Duce is the sort of place that you'd dream up as a kid with a bunch of things that don't seem to go together, but somehow they make it work. They serve beers in Ball jars too. Don't let the stripped down appearance fool you, this is not a spot for a cheap lunch per se, but it's definitely a fun experience and the sort of place that leaves people who are locals going "I had no idea this place was here." Thanks to Yelp, I just happened to find it.Apparently the sliders were also quite good. The food is plentiful, despite above average prices for lunch. I don't know that unless you're into street food that you'd deliberately think "Man, I need to go to the Duce for all those great eats," but...that all being said, The Duce is less about one thing and all about the experience and in that department, it delivers in spades.
4	This place has it all!  Pot Pie. Mac and cheese muffins. Sliders. A boxing ring. Table tennis. Bleachers. Clothing store. Outside sitting. Great staff!!!  Wow!!!  Go there now!!!!
3	Really fun place. Corn hole, ping pong and a whole lot more. Atmosphere was great but the food not so much. May have been an off night as there were several parties going on. Took over an hour to get our food. First order of mac n cheese muffins arrive cold.  Chicken pot pie was pretty good minus the crust. Sliders, nothing to write home about.  Over priced for the quality.
5	I have no idea how long this place has been open but it is fantastic.  I went with the Phoenix Social Group from Facebook a few weeks ago.  It is a really fun and cool environment.  The outside area is spacious with lots of kitsch to to look at.  Outside and inside bar.  The drinks were a little pricey but the bartenders were very friendly and attentive.  I would love to go back soon.  A great place to bring a large group of friends.
4	Always has a great energy and a happy crowd of folks - lots of good juju.  DJ is usually pretty decent and keeps the music mix flowing enough to keep everyone's attention.
5	Love this spot, it's a converted warehouse so there is plenty of room. The place has a great atmosphere awesome drinks (best Old Fashions in the game), good spot to go with a group. If you want to experience a truly unique bar ethis is the spot for you. It's a breath of fresh air from the Scottsdale, Arcadia or Tempe scene.
4	We pulled into the so-called parking lot which is very narrow and full of potholes (in Phoenix? ), so we pulled out and parked on the street.  We went in through the store, the place is cavernous. We were directed to the food truck.  Saw pEople working out in the boxing ring.  It was chilly,  headed to a table with a heater to wait for the food.  There is table tennis,  cornhole, and foosball to play while you wait.  The food was very good,  We tried the pecan French toast,  mac and cheese muffins,  homemade chips with onion dip,  strawberry bruschetta and pb and jam sliders.  They were out of jam,  so they used honey and bananas. The hot chocolate was made from scratch,  so it took a half hour to make.  Other than a few glitches,  it was a fun place to go with tasty food.  Next Time,  I would try at night to see the vibe and have drinks at their antique bar.
