3	alright..alright...the market street cafe at the california hotel is probably one of the best local and Hawaiian secrets here in las vegas.  for one thing there are hella Hawaiians in this place.  the cafe is your basic vegas 24 hour cafe.  it serves the typical steak and eggs, omelets, chicken finger, and house salad dishes...blah.  everybody here in vegas comes to eat here for the oxtail soup.  fricking hella good.  you can't get this anytime.  you have to wait till after 11pm to get this dish.  so i imagine this  stew with chunks of meaty oxtail, carrots, peanuts, and mushrooms simmering all day long till it gets served in a huge soup bowl with a couple scoops of rice on the side.   when you get this dish drop a couple of spoons of rice into the soup.  Then, pick your fork at the oxtail, the tender juicy meat just falls off so easily off the bone and plops back in the stew.  you then take the meat and dip it in this little dish filled with ginger and cilantro, but i take it to another level and squeeze some lemons onto the ginger with some Tabasco sauce to give it reggie's extra zing!!!!  this meal is totally cheap, and probably one of the best comfort food after a night of heavy drinking.  be warned, everybody around here knows about the oxtail soup.  when you get to the cafe around midnight, you'll notice a long line snaking out of the restaurant.  when you walk into the cafe, at each table you'll see at least one person with a bowl of oxtail soup.  YES....it's that good....
3	Oxtail soup...oxtail soup...that's all I ever hear about is the oxtail soup.  And it's not just from the locals that are talking about it...it's from the native Hawaiians who are visiting or have relocated and all the other tourists talking about this infamous oxtail soup.  Served only after 11 pm until about 9 am or 11 am, you'll wait in line for a hour just to get a taste of it.  At $5.95 a bowl, you get two scoops of white rice, a few hearty chunks of oxtail and a light broth with carrots, peanuts and other good bits.  My favorite part - the ginger and cilantro mix they give you so you can toss all that shit right into your soup.  Yum!  And it's not a heavy dish...it's light and doesn't make you feel sick like typical late night fare does.  So, why only three stars then?Well, because it's only served after 11 pm and I'm damn tired when I get there.  And the line is always so long!  (I waited an hour last night for this stuff!)  They need to hire more wait staff so they could open up all the tables in this restaurant and get us all seated faster.  Everyone is in line just for the soup and nothing else.  Just take a look around you and that's all you'll see.  They won't allow you to take this order to go, which is just as well because people like me would call in an order of twenty soups and they would never be able to put up with the supply and demand of that!  This hotel is located in the downtown area, away from all the glitz and glamor of new Vegas.  So, if you don't have a car, you're less likely to make your way down there.  After a heavy night of partying, you can only hope there's at least one sober and awake driver willing to take you to the California Hotel and stand in line with you for this soup.  And also, if I'm sick in bed or just want to be a brat, I can't beg or plead for my boyfriend to bring this soup home to me because he can't!  Damn!  The sad part about my first experience with this soup was that the broth was lukewarm.  This was disappointing.  When my sister and her husband ordered a second bowl, it came out piping hot, and what a difference!  I should have asked them to nuke mine a bit so I could have had that hot piping experience for sure!  Next time - I want it hot hot hot and another side helping of freshly grated ginger and cilantro please!Update! 03/29/08 - Went back last night after a long hiatus and I think I'm done with their oxtail soup.  (I can make it better at home!)  The price went up!  So now it's $7.95!  The line was short when we got there on a Friday night way after 1 am.  Sure, there's TONS of people ordering up this stuff, but I spent the whole time digging my teeth into the oxtail trying to pull the meat off.  Patrons were watching as the oxtail slipped from my fingers and fell into my bowl of soup.  By the time we left, I was in some major need of floss!  (Maybe I've been spoiled 'cuz when I make it at home, the meat gingerly falls off.  No gnawing necessary!)Update! 04/27/08 - Only went b/c my parents were craving the oxtail!  I had the Banana Fritters ($3.25), it came with four pieces of banana wrapped in wonton skins and deep fried, additional banana chunks, a side of caramel sauce, and a scoop of vanilla ice cream with whipped cream on top.  The skin was way too thick on the deep-fried bananas.  The only saving grace was the caramel sauce and ice cream. My dad had their $4.00 Half a Pound New York Steak, it came with vegetable, rice, fries, or mashed potatoes.  Not a bad deal for four dollars, huh?Service - I never mentioned it before, but for the most part, the service is good.  The waitstaff are laid back and friendly, and a good bunch of people working here late at night.(Pictures are posted!)
3	for the price and the portions, this place is aight.... someone told me about the oxtail soup here so i decided to try it out.... RE: menuafter looking through the menu, i realize theres shit in there i havent eaten since i was 7... dewd vienna sausage and corned beef and hash = BLAST from the past!!! the oxtail soup is a special on mondays and thursdays so you can get it at any time during those 2 days... any other time you have to wait till after 11pm when its on the graveyard menu... salad bar is roughly $5specials are roughly $8breakfast dishes roughly $6RE: serviceexcellent wait staff... always running around and making sure everything is ok =) once you are done, you gotta take your bill to the counter and pay there... =P all good.RE: oxtail stewthe rice is aight... i admit that i am no carb whore like a lot of people out there, but the only way to really eat oxtail soup is with rice. mine wasnt as sticky as i would like. i am anti-peas and there were peas thrown on top of my stew... i have to say though, my my there were a lot of oxtail, but not enough of that dark brown marrowish stuff you find in the middle of the bone that you suck out (MMMM that shit is good)... i maneuvered around the peas and the oxtail was AIGHT... i havent eaten it in about 8 years, so i was good, but definitely not as good as my mamas.....
4	Guest1:  (in English) So, um, are you serving oxtail soup tonight?Waiter: (in heavy pidgin) S'afta eeleven?  Sure t'ing, cous.  You wan get?Guest2:  (in English)  Great!  I'll have the oxtail soup...!Guest3: (in English)  Yeah, me too!  Oxtail soup...!Guest4: (in English)... oxtail soup...Guest1: (all of sudden in pidgin)  Oh, I like get da oxtail soup den... plus one saimin... en da portugee sausage en eggs to go, yeah?... everyone stares, including the waiter.... then laughter... aloha loa!Its such an oddity to find, but a welcome comfort to know that this place (and the California Hotel) is just a short ride over from the Strip, in case one gets tired of mega-fusion-hybrid cuisine.The restaurant and amenities themselves are run-of-the-mill Old Downtown Vegas... vinyl, faux-brass, fake dark-lacquered-wood tables, awful carpeting, etcetera etcetera.  But spacious for the most part, and accommodating to bigger groups... we ended up having a party of 8, though I saw a few parties in the restaurant numbering in the dozens.The service is top notch here!  From the smiling older Japanese auntie who greeted-and-seated us, to the young howsit-brah who served us, to the big-as-a-house but cheery and laid-back Polynesian securing the front... it was very homey and unpretentious...The food is decent, for diner renditions of generally home-cooked Hawaiian-Asian fare.  The oxtail soup is plentiful with meat, tender from cooking all day long in the fairly flavorful broth.  I personally expected/would have liked a slightly tangier broth.  The Portuguese Sausage and Eggs over rice looked delicious in its simplicity; a breakfast plate that brings me back to my youth.  The saimin came out steaming hot and all I could think about was standing outside on an early early morning in front of a Zippy's shack on Oahu... mmm fishcake!I'll be going back, for sure...
1	No hash or portuguese sausage for your breakfast buffet?!?  How dare your sell yourself as a "Hawaiian Breakfast Buffet".  I must admit- I was awestruck the first time I visited this establishment.  I was taken aback by all the traditional breakfast fixings and their super afforadable prices for breakfast ($5.25).  So I definately made it a point to revisit this place my second trip.That's where everything went wrong.  On my second visit, no hash and portuguese sausage were present...all morning.  I stood in front of the empty buffet tray desperately awaiting someone to acknowledge this catastrophic mix up.  I stood in front of the empty tray for nearly 15 minutes refusing to start eating my hawaiian breakfast (which was getting cold in my hand) without hash and these portuguese sausages.  To my horror, they brought out enough hash only to feed a family of ethiopian midgets and portuguese sausages most hated cousin, kielbasa.I sure didn't drive 250 miles for kielbasa.This is a break up, Market Street Cafe.  You and me are through.
4	If it wasn't so far away from the strip, it'd be so much easier to get to, but even still, we had a car to go to this place for some good INEXPENSIVE foods.  I had chili and rice (a local favorite and mine) and my boyfriend had Chicken Salad.  His salad was pretty good, and even the friend won tons actually had meat inside.  That's the surprising part.  it was really good, and of course how can you go wrong with chili and rice.  We got away really good with our bill, wasn't too pricey.  We spent more on the slots than the restaurant, and we actually got food out of the restaurant!  Overall, I've always come here at least once just to eat some good local food, and I've never been disappointed.
4	What the heck? How did this place ever happen? Ox tail soup in a casino?Sarah M.'s Ate Annie recommended we go to this place for a late dinner, and I'm sure glad we went here.  That is some beefy soup.  Good as is with their two scoops of rice, this is hangover medication in soup form.I woke up this morning in Flagstaff, Arizona.  Went to Grand Canyon's South Rim, drove by the Hoover Dam, got to Las Vegas and explored Paris and Bellagio, watched a Memorial Day special water fountain light show, and after brisk walking back to our car, ended up at this quaint hotel and casino in downtown Las Vegas.  Got in line for Market Street Cafe, and after what was almost half an hour, got seated.  The ox tail soup was definitely a major highlight of the day.Cilantro? Minced ginger? Chili paste? Aloha Shoyu? None of that is necessary to add to my ox tail soup.  It totally hit the spot as is.Market Street Cafe as a whole is basically those 24-hour usual cafes found in any casino.  You would totally overlook this if you didn't take the time and noticed their graveyard specials.  And the best special?  Ox tail soup.Every Vegas visit from this point on may include a visit for some soup...
2	So, exploring downtown Las Vegas with my family, we checked out this buffet because it had ox tail soup AND was open 24 hours. mostly because it had ox tail soup, haha.I opted for the 4 dollar (it may have been cheaper, haha) steak. I HAD to order it, it was so CHEAP. But now i see WHY it's so cheap. Unfortunately, the last few steaks that i've ordered have been from Ruth's Chris, Maestro's, and Donovans. So I HAVE to say (and this shouldn't be surprising) that I was disappointed. I like at least 1/3 of my steak was straight up ligaments. I spent at least 10 minutes chewing one bite. My jaw was hurting after 30 minutes (aka after three bites). So i  ate the veggies (green beans). They tasted like they were microwaved. So then I stuck to my rice. No one can ruin steamed rice. Or can they? (just kidding, the rice was fine).I feel bad giving a low rating, because shouldn't you expect such CHEAP food to not taste good? Whatever, my food experience just wasn't a good one. Plus, we waited at least 30 minutes in line before we were even seated. But hey, if you CHOOSE to go here, just stick with the ox tail soup, my family loved it!
5	Oxtail Soup -must try-must eat-must haveI can't wait to go back! The best  I've ever had.
3	where else can you find a cheap, hawaiian breakfast buffet in las vegas? that'd be california hotel and casino! after walking through fremon street for a cheap meal, we stumbled up this hotel. after a few dollars lost on the slots, we decided to try their hawaiian breakfast buffet. it was great! for what you pay ($6 or $7) that's what you pay for. unlimited drinks included. being filipino, i'm used to eating things like portuguese sausage, bacon, eggs, and sausage with rice for breakfast. it was pretty good, and basic. not super amazing or bad. exactly what i needed after a short, but squished drive from orange county. if i'm ever down for another breakfast buffet in vegas, this probably won't be my first choice, once i touch down in vegas, but it'll be in thought.
4	Another one of our "must eat at" places when we're in Vegas... Why do we come here? "Eh, no ack!!!" Da Oxtail Soup!!! Sometimes maybe the Chili over Rice too... or maybe the Potagee sausage or spam & eggs... Main thing is they're open 24 hrs, but sometimes gotta wait long time...so I guess it's for the Oxtail soup...but my fan club says mine's is mo' bettah...
4	For all the years I've been traveling back and forth to LV, there hasn't been a time when I didn't stop by this place.  The oxtail soup is why I always go here, and evidently the reason why everyone else goes here.    After a long drive from California, this dish surely hits the spot.  With tender oxtail meat, carrots, celery, ginger, peanuts in a flavorful broth....I have reason to sleep well afterwards.  There have been a few times when the meat doesn't fall off the bone though.  But most of the time it does.  With 2 scoops of rice and a side of cilantro and minced ginger, about $8 is still worth it...even when I used to pay about $6 back in the day.  I've also ordered the steak graveyard special, breakfast, and the banana fritters platter.  For $4, you can't go wrong with these cheap eats.  They definitely fill you up after a long drive or after gambling all night.  The service here is okay, pretty friendly staff.  Expect a long line at around 11 PM, when the oxtail soup is available, but if you're there around 3 AM like I usually am, its smooth sailing.  If you end up waiting long, many "locals" will tell you that it's worth the wait.
3	Eh, the grinds were okay. Nothing too fancy - you pretty much get what you pay for. I do have to say that the menu is pretty enticing (read: lots and lots of local Hawaiian fare to tempt you for days!)I ordered the saimin (it was one of those nights...) and it was pretty tasty. Not out-of-this world kine tasty, but good enough for me to finish the entire bowl. (did I mention it was one of those nights?) That's usually a good sign, right?I would recommend this place if you're low on cash - or would rather spend it at the casino - and craving a decent meal.
3	# 1 reason to go here the Price#2 Miso Butterfish $1.00 with hawaiian coupon??? WOW! #3 Oxtail soup#4 $4.00 NY steakOkay there are a lot of reasons to go here. But the most important one is the price. You can definitely get some decent food for a good price. DO NOT GET THE Baked Mahi Mahi with mango salsa. So dry its inedible.
3	Just a typical diner with some strange (for me) items on the menu.I came to try the oxtail soup and was not disappointed.  I needed some encouragement from one of the other patrons to pick up the bones and gnaw off the tasty morsels from said bones.  If you've never tried oxtail soup, consider hitting the Cal during the wee hours of the morning.  It's tasty, hearty, and will stave off a hangover...for a while.
3	You get what you pay for is not true herePrice - four starsQuality- three starsService - three stars
5	Wow, if you ever come here after 11PM then you are in for a treat!  $4 NY strip steak, $8 ox tail soup (so freaking gooood), $5 oriental noodle soup, $4 pancake breakfast with sausages and eggs.  Wow, there were other inexpensive things on the menu too, but I didn't really notice them.  My friends and I were just there for some cheap eats after a long day in Vegas.  Our total came out to be less than $19 for THREE people.  That's awesome!The servers were prompt and courteous.  They came back to check up on us and to refill our water.  The cafe itself was pretty big and there was a line that moved pretty quickly.  I like how they run their place.  I'd definitely go back the next time I'm in Vegas.Oh yah, if you arrive before 11PM, you can get a prime rib dinner for about $8 I think.
3	We came here for breakfast before we headed to the Red rock for our Women's spa day. The breakfast buffet is definitely work the 6 bucks you pay. It includes: Corn beef hash, hash browns, Portuguese sausage, scrabbled eggs, pancakes, french toast sticks, bacon, ham, biscuits and gravy, rice, fruit, muffins and cottage cheese. That's a lot of 6 bucks!!! My mother however, ordered a loco moco. It took forever to arrive! We each finished our seconds before her dish even came. Do not come here if your in a hurry and your not ordering the buffet. For some reason their kitchen is SUPER slow.
3	My family frequents this place simply cause we visit family and end up staying at the Cal...even if we don't stay at the Cal, we end up here just for the midnight oxtail soup! The Hawaiian food is definitely stuff you can get back home, but it is hella cheap and you are bound to leave satisfied. Taste is good and fairly authentic and did I mention it is hella cheap!The wait can be long, especially during the peak meal hours. Most people use their food coupons from all the charters from Hawaii so it can take awhile, especially if you have a big party.Decent food and good service, all in all, a good place to grab some food!
2	Visit: 5/14/09 - Late Snack.  Ate Won Ton Min & Ox Tail Soup.Won Ton Min was okay.  It was late and we were tired. Ox Tail Soup was not so good.  The soup was okay, but the ox tails were bad.  Didn't fall off the bone like we expected.Service was bad.  They were slow and grouchy.  If they are grouchy because it's busy, don't blame it on me.  Just be thankful that you have job.I don't want to come back here, but if I have the hawaiian coupon again I will.
5	Yes, I'm giving this place 5 stars and I haven't even tried the legendary Oxtail Soup yet!But show me mercy.  I have good reason for having passed on the oxtail soup all this time.  It's called: $7.99 PRIME RIB DINNER!!!!Between the hours of 5 PM - 11 PM, the Market Street Cafe hawks this heavenly Prime Rib Dinner which includes their Salad Bar and Cherries Jubilee Dessert.  Now, before you write off their salad bar as some Sizzlers knock-off let it be known that they have TAKUAN ROLLS there!  Yes, TAKUAN!  Which for most non-Japanese people means yellow stinky radish which they wouldn't touch with a ten foot chopstick.  But for me it means a great start to an awesome dinner!Their Prime Rib is SOOOO good!  I always get it rare and they have never never never overcooked it in the jillions of times I've eaten it.  It always comes out a lovely red color with juice spilling out everywhere and the fat is the best part----it just melts in your mouth!I have my next Vegas trip scheduled for August and already I'm dreaming about that prime rib.  But I have plans to try the oxtail soup too.........Maybe.
4	OMG. I absolutely love oxtail soup! My Mom used to make it when we were kids and she rocked that dish!So, after a long night of dancing at Tao, a bunch of us headed here for the famous oxtail soup!There was a long ass line and it was 4 am. I think we waited about 30-40 minutes. I was tired and cranky already, so wasn't too happy for the wait.But, when we sat down and ordered, the food came within 10 minutes. It was so good! I loved the oxtail, perfectly cooked and huge, seasoned well and had good meat and some fat on it. There were about 6 oxtails per soup, but I was only able to finish 3 1/2 tails. I loved the minced ginger and cilantro on the side. It gave the soup a nice kick. Sigh.. I wish I could have some now. $8 for a bowl of oxtail goodness!pix- http://pandaliciousforme.blogspot.com
4	This place is awesome.  Vegas is indeed the land of cheap food, but this place is cheap and good.  Their oxtail soup is a great midnight treat, and you can't go wrong with a new york teak that is four dollars.  Mind you have to get it after midnight, but it does indeed satisfy after a night of gambling, drinking, partying, etc.  But for dinner, they have a prime rib special.  You get salad bar, prime rib dinner, and a desert all for $7.99.  I couldn't believe it.  I eat here every time i come to Las Vegas, no matter where i stay.  I love being around locals (people from Hawaii) and enjoying good food.  The only reason I'm giving four stars is because the service isn't wonderful.  Then again it depends, any given day you could get good or bad service.  Some days you may have a very attentive server, and on others you may have you chase them down to get refills on your drink.  But the food and price makes up for all of that.  Rock you like a hurricane.
3	I paid this cafe a visit last evening for dinner.  The line wait to get inside was long and moved very slowly, even though once inside I saw many empty tables.  The hostess kept trying to get people to sit at the counter up front, but I wanted a table and just held out.I ordered the 8 oz prime rib special.  I was not disappointed.  It was a very nice, juicy, tender, and flavorful piece of meat.  In fact, it was much, much better than a $25 prime rib meal offered at one of our restaurants back home.  It comes with choice of potato, a vegetable, salad bar or soup, and cherries jubilee ice cream desert.  All the food was great and exceeded my expectations.Service was only fair.  Never received a drink refill, or an offer of one.  About three different servers performed various tasks at my table.  Service was inconsistent and confused.  But I came for the food and was perfectly satisfied with it and enjoyed it.
5	Oxtail soup is the bomb. Yummy for my tummy. Love it. They have awesome graveyard specials on the back of the menu. But it's only available after 11PM. That includes the famous oxtail soup. When you go there take a look at what people are ordering. It's about 90% oxtail soup. Get the hint? So if your craving something late at night and can't think of what to eat. Just go drive yourself to downtown Las Vegas and get a bowl. Put some of that crushed ginger, little bit of cilantro, and ask for some chili paste (if you like hot stuff). Soup comes with rice and don't even think your not getting full. Believe me you will be happy you did.....For those not adventurous enough or don't care about soup. They can get a NY steak, chicken tenders, or waffles,eggs,sausage/bacon combo for $4. Again these are the graveyard specials only.
5	The Oxtail Soup is my favorite at this place! I've been going to the Market Street Cafe for years and the meat is just fall-off-the-bone tender. The broth tastes very good with carots, celery and peanuts. The five spice is very prominent in this soup. They also serve this with a side of grated ginger and chopped cilantro for you to add to the broth.  It use to be about $6, but now it's at about $8; still well worth the money. The times have changed. It is available from 11pm to 11am now.Another dish I like is the Prime Rib dinner. Can't beat it for around $8. Simply tender, medium-well cut...delicious!Lately, I tried the Breakfast Buffet and I wasn't really impressed with it, but it was okay. I'll stick to what I originally fell in love with...Their Oxtail Soup!
4	What a great Denny's type restaurant...My friend I stumbled upon this, somewhat, hidden gem in Downtown Vegas at the California hotel.  My friend was starving & didn't care where we ate, so I suggested going to the California.  Even though it is a 'bit' dive-y, the food is REALLY good.  (Well, maybe it just seemed that way because we were hungry.)  The salad bar is the bomb.  There are so many selections, and it was all good!  My friend ordered some fish (maybe mahi-mahi?), and I ordered the chicken fried steak.  It was pretty good for the price.  I think we each got out of there pleasantly full for around $10 - not too shabby.*  If you do go though, be sure to get the salad bar.  *
3	More like 3.75 stars...The food here is awesome if you're from Hawaii and are the type that enjoys greasy comforting goodness in the likes of Zippys, Likelkke, Wailanas, and Kennys.  It only gets better after a long night of drinking and gambling, when at 5am you need something to pick up your spirits. The oxtail soup, wonton min, reuben, $4 NY steak, and cal burgers are winners.  Hawaiian sun drinks all the way over here?  Its like a dream come true.Keep in mind that even in the wee hours of the morning you might run into your neighbor or your friend's parents from back home so no act so buss that they're gonna talk stink about you when they get home.Seating takes a damn long time and service can be excruciatingly slow.  Only a skeleton crew runs the place during third shift so they get slammed out of their wits by all the hungry Hawaiians.  Come, eat good food, don't think too much about the experience, and be on your merry way.
4	Oxtail Soup Special located inside the California Hotel/CasinoLate night restaurant, well-priced diverse menu, plenty of seating..After a drunken night in Vegas my friend and I decided to check out MSC.  "12th st. and Ogden" is where the navi directed us and our cab driver who spoke very little English dropped us off on Main and Ogden.. he would not take us any further down what he described as "no no homeless drugs and criminal - danger!" After several failed attempts at finding help.. a janitor offers to give us a lift on his flatbed.  The  dropped us off on 6th and Ogden and having grown up in LA, we figured we'll just walk 6 blocks in the ghetto - no big deal.  chain fences, 7th st.,  guard dogs, 8th st.,crack houses, 9th st., blinking street lamps.. 10th st., darkness.. okay maybe our cab driver was right but we are so close.  "AY you two come here!"  we turn around and a homeless drug-addled, crazy man is running towards us. We run towards 12th street and there's nothing there!.. we loop around in an attempt to lose him and dart towards a lone security guard sitting on a bench.  Well anyways around 6:00 AM we somehow make it to the Market Place Cafe inside the California hotel located on the corner of Main and Ogden.  It was a fun adventure, the food could've been a little better but the price is right and the atmosphere is warm and comforting especially in this lonely city of sin.
5	Holy crap! Why didn't I know about this place sooner?AWESOME $7.95 prime rib special:http://www.thecal.com/whats-new/news/prime-rib-special-$7.95Includes all you can eat salad bar.We waited in line however, for at least 30 minutes.  Which sucked, but well worth the wait, I think.Never seen so many Asians and Hawaiians under one roof. Park in The California parking structure, make sure to get your parking ticket validated for free parking.I will DEFINITELY be going back OFTEN!! :D
4	Feels like home here.  For $6 a person at the breakfast buffet, you can't beat that or complain.  Portuguese sausage, scrambled eggs, french toast sticks, biscuits/gravy, fruit, ok, you got the picture... great value!  No oatmeal though.Now the biscuit was a bit dry but a little extra gravy cures that.  Portuguese sausage caters to the crowd that is predominantly from Hawaii.  The service is friendly every time I've come here.  I would recommend coming here for b-fast on the way out of Vegas or if you're staying at the California, a good place to have any meal.
4	After eating here for pretty much my entire stay in Vegas, I Yelp.  The highlight of this place for many people is the Oxtail Soup.  I will have to disagree because I found something even better.  The Butterfish.  No, this fish is not extinct, but growing up in Hawaii eating this on special occaisions (or at least i considered eat it a special occaision), I feel like i have found heaven again.  I had it for 3 meals during my 4 day stay.  It is absolutely imperative that you eat it OVER two scoops of rice...yes let the fish and the sauce soak into the rice and then dig in...if you don't know what I am talking about, i don't know what you're doing in the Cal, cause it would mean that you're not from Hawaii!!!Seriously, i was craving the butterfish here even more than the King Crab Legs at the Wynn Buffet.  Call me crazy, but aren't we all a little bit crazy anyway?Happy Eating!
4	cheap, good, late night food. try the oxtail soup!! the won ton saimin was good too. it's a $20 cab ride from the strip and the downtown area is a little sketchy looking (compared to the strip), but if you have a car, go for it! the oxtail soup is only served from 11pm-11am, though.
4	Why is oxtail one word? That's something I'd like to know. But the only thing you need to know: Market Street Cafe has absolutely the best Oxtail Soup I've ever had. There's a reason the lines are pretty much always out the door at this place. Slow service? Possibly. Amazing Oxtail Soup? Most definitely.
4	I'm a fan for the foods quality and quantity. the Oxtail soup is a bomb and ate it like 4 times in 5 days! The other entree I had was the mahi tempura: ono, steak and eggs: a bomb, saimin and burger: awesome just like home, the egg omelets: good: depends on your add-ons. Now the bad part, I was there on my last day on the 6st between the hours of 0830=0900 am. The person behind the counter that takes the orders (not the drink servers) had an bad attitude that morning and I think a few days ago as well. I think she needs a break or relocate to a less demanding customer services position. So I figured she was having a bad day whereby we all have them but again when I went to pay my bill at the register, another lady looked like she got runned over or burnt out or even depressed. I asked the lady next to me "everyone is having a bad day this morning" and she nodded yes. I think she needs to be relocated to another work site like the kitchen. She have me my change and left irritated. Some workers needs to remember about who pays them and good customer service is a must even if you are having a bad day. I have no ill feeling with women but I do when you expect good service and you don't get it. Overall, the food was excellent and affordable but the staff needs some reality check. A simple thank you and/or a smile if you are mute will do it.So for the women 1 star! okay, maybe 2! I'm not that cruel.Four **** for the grinds though:)
5	It's practically tradition for my family to come here suuuuuper late at night (either being drunk, hungry from playing too much at the casino, or bored) & grab some Oxtail soup. Yup, it's bomb, and we come here every single time we visit Vegas. I love their late night menu...so cheap & so yummy!Cons: Big ass line at 3 in the morning. Oh well, it's worth it!
4	What's not to love about this place??   The menu has just about everything you could want!!!  ......breakfast items, burgers, sandwiches, prime rib, steak, "Hawaiian food", etc.   And as mentioned, the oxtail soup is great!!   The lines are usually pretty long for this place, especially late at night, and I think it's because it's one of the few places in Downtown that's open all night.   Not to mention that the Cal and Main St. usually give out coupons for this place to certain guests.   And did I mention the cheap prices???They also have a breakfast buffet that isn't bad.   Good but not great.
3	Market Street is a place I've grown to like.  That's because I've been coming here for so long, that I've pretty much settled on a handful of dishes I order whenever I'm here. Although there are a couple of things I'd still like to try.  Plus, not that I'm a late night eater, but it is open all night, and their prices are good. That said, my favorite soup here is not the Ox-Tail Soup everybody raves about, and honestly, I've never tried, but would like to one day.  No, my favorite soup is the Oriental noodle Soup, which is saimen noodles, fish cake and won-ton dumplings.  I probably get this entree three-fourths of the times I'm here.  The noodles are good, the broth is good, the fish cake and dumplings - it's all good, filling, and for a soup, doesn't bloat you up.  This entree is a four and it's my favorite on the menu. Other entrees I like here are curry, it's a thick sauce, which is what I like about it.  The spaghetti and chili is also pretty good.  I've never had the burgers, here, though and I'm interested to try. As for the other sandwiches, they are okay.  And the banana split for dessert fills the need if I know I won't be visiting Lappert's upstairs later on.  I hardly ever order anything that includes rice and or vegetables as the sides beacuse I find myself only eating the main item, but not the sides. The main entrees are okay, but it's the sides that are disappointing.  The two main sides are rice and vegetables.  For a restaurant that has a lot of Hawaiian customers, the rice here can be really disappointing, and the vegetables are also disappointing, too.They have a breakfast buffet that is a pretty good deal - the selections are pretty limited, but the food is okay and less than six dollars, you can't beat the price.
4	Nothing seems to be over $10. The staff is very friendly and service is great.  If you go try the ox tail soup it's good.  I don't suggest the $4 steak, what would you expect for $4?
5	Open for business 24 hours a day, the Market Street Cafe offers breakfast, lunch and dinner. This is a great late night spot steaks $4.00 after 11:00 pm most people come here for the oxtail soup...here you will find great food for a small price
4	After leaving the club at 4 am, someone said "ox-tail soup!".  Oooh, that sounds good.  And we were off to downtown Vegas.  I hardly ever venture to the old Vegas but this was some good soup that was perfect after all the drinking we'd done.  Market Street Cafe is located inside the California Casino.  It's open 24 hours.  Place is clean and service is quick.  Food is cheap compared to what you find on the Strip.  Ox-tail soup was bomb dot com!!
4	I only came in for one thing only, forgot about the breakfast buffet that is just ubiquitous all over vegas.  the ox tail soup is pretty good, though a little overpriced at $8.95 with just soup and rice.  i could make better soup and i would even throw in some chinese herbs (wolfberries, dates) in there just to make it better.  soup is supposed to be cheap, but i guess if there's demand for it, 9 bucks is fair.  i wouldnt try that again, but i would go back to try the cheap prime rib dinner.
3	For a prime rib dinner for $7, i love coming here for a late snack. Not too late though because it's only from 4-10pm. But you get prime rib, green beans, and your choice of brown rice or mashed potatoes or a baked potato. You can get the salad bar or soup and then cherry jubilee for dessert. For some reason the last time i went the cherry jubilee was really good and was the best part of my meal. I always get the salad bar because it's better than the soup...What i hate about this place is the line to get seated. There always seem to be not many servers so you have to wait for a seat even though you could see 5-6 tables open from the line. I was in the line for 30 last time and it wasnt even that long. O well, it's the only place that was open with decent food. Needed to eat after gambling for a couple of hours.
4	Sweet. Baby. Jesus.A friend of mine from LA (not even a local here) told me about this oxtail soup. Being a fan of all things soup, I HAD to try it. Luckily this friend was also in town, so I was able to enjoy it with her.As soon as you get to this place inside the California Hotel, you will have to wait in line. I'm convinced everyone is waiting specifically for the soup. Afterall, this soup has magical healing powers. Ok....maybe not. Well...maybe?Once you get seated (after 10 mins or so), you order. Don't bother with the menu. Although it looks decent. Go for the soup.The soup is only served after midnight and is $8.95. Your choice of White or Brown Rice. Couple quick notes:1. Service is good. Waitstaff is attentive and refills your water/diet coke regularly.2. The food is solid. THe soup had a VERY flavorful broth, with a good amount of oxtail. I "murdered" my soup. Nothing was left but empty bones.3. Soup could've been piping hot. It wasn't cold by all means, but it wasn't ridiculously hot like at most other joints.4. Although I skipped the menu, I later found out that there are other deals here. Worth checking out. But only after you try the oxtail soup.So hop to it. Thank me later. But when you do, send me a bowl of oxtail soup. Because this place? It's LEGIT!
5	It's a tradition for us to always spend time at the Cal before taking off for our drive back to LA.  This usually means breakfast here.Since hubby and I tag team our gaming time, he went in first and ordered his usual b-fast buffet.  Son was partial to the corn "puppies" Sausage wrapped in a sweet batter similar to corn dogs) I came in later and ordered the oxtail soup.  I have to say, it hit the spot!  It comes with a decent amount of rice served on the side along with a nice generous portion of cilantro and minced ginger of which i dumped all into my bowl. Now the soup was served piping hot with all the tasty seasonings.  I asked the waittress if there was MSGin it  and she said no.  More reason to like this. I fished out the oxtail to allow it to cool.   There were ample pieces and much of it that made this a great value.  I would order this again... and again.
4	the best place for Oxtail soup, u gotta stop by this place.  they only serve it 11pm-11am?? its so nice and tender, the broth is very flavorful.  they only downside, is having to wait, and i think the hostess was PMSing.. she wasn't happy at all.  i just happened to come across their breakfast menu (Philippine breakfast) hilarious, its true flippinos do gamble here lol.
5	When you're hungry but don't want to stuff yourself at a buffet without breaking your bank this is the place to go. It's not in the best area in town but it was sure worth the drive from the Excalibur. I originally came for the Ox tail soup but when i saw the 4$ New York strip special i was thrown into a state of confusion, what to choose.....? So what did i do? I got both! The soup was very flavorful especially when you use the side of ginger that's provided. The Ox tail meat was tender and basically falling off the bone. The steak was ok, it could have had more flavor but i just put some Hawaiian soy sauce on it and it was all good! All in all a good meal and at what other restaurant can you get a bowl of ox tail soup and a new york steak with potatoes and green beans for 11$?
3	Food was pretty good.   However, not sure why such a wait to get in when there were plenty of empty tables.   And also, my water glass had some kind of plastic floating in it so I had to ask for another one.  Fortunately the server gave me another water glass right away.
5	Sweet Baby Heyyy-SOOS!!!!This cafe is located in California Hotel, in old Las Vegas (felt like I was in RENO; that's how old it feels).  The minute you get there, you will have to wait but it is SOOO WORTH IT!  Come here after you get your clubbin' on.THE OXTAIL SOUP - BOMB! BOMB! BOMB!!! I wanted to kiss it...hug it...spoon with it!  It was sooo EFFIN' DELICIOUS!!!!!!!  GOOD LAWD, that dish was so magical it put me under a spell!  The crab sandwich was sumethin' too!  And, my chocolate shake was ohh so tasty!!!!  All 3 items cost me less $20!! WHAT A FREAKIN DEAL!!!!They had all kinds of dishes - pho, filipino breakfast dishes, t-bone steak n eggs, to name a few.  All at cheap prices!  It just doesn't get any better than this.  But the OXTAIL SOUP is the best dish on their menu!  You know it's  real good when all you see are bunch of ASIANS invading the place!Yes, it's lengthy cab ride from the strip - but IT'S WORTH IT! IT'S  WORTH IT!!!  OXTAIL SOUP IS SOOOO WORTH IT!!!!!
5	Another outstanding prime rib meal at the Market Street Cafe!   This is by far the best value for my money downtown.  The quality of the food is superior to that of the competition down the street at the diner in the Four Queens that's the same price.
5	every time i head to vegas, this place is usually the first place i stop by to grab a bite to eat. always great for the after drinking events to satisfy any drunken huger. food is fantastic, ox tail soup, food for the soul. this place is a hidden gem and is in my opinion better than 99% of the places found on the strip
4	Trekking to the fringe of downtown Vegas is worth it to get my Tocino fix. It always seems to be a quick ride though. Could it be because it's 2am with no traffic or because I'm in an alcohol induced coma? Standing in line is the best  for people watching. You've got families, rough necks, elderly couples, drunk chicks wearing 300 dollar shoes, random gamblers and lurkers. I feel so comfortable there and never fails to shake out the cobwebs before the gastronomic adventures that await. Ok, an overstatement, but when you're drunk it can be an adventure of some sort.Already had the Tocino on my mind, but so much hype about the Oxtail Soup got me curious. The server arrived to put down place settings and water and I started to ask her about it just as I read her name badge. Let me rephrase: I "attempted" to read her name badge. What I saw was a collection of letters, heavy on the vowel count and in a configuration I have not seen before. Trying to blink my eyes back into focus and reboot the brain cells that got short circuited from trying to process her name was time enough for Server X to bounce. I let it go for the moment and planned to ask her about it upon her return. The food arrived. Delicious comfort food was just what I needed. I didn't see purple on the menu, but would have been sooo good. Distracted by all that was going on at the table Server X slipped my mind. When the busboy came to clear the table I asked him, "Hey, that girl that set the table for us, what's her name?" Dude was pretty tall and when I asked he stood upright and stared out into the distance. From the low viewing angle I could still see the blank look on his face. Awkward silence ensued. A good 10 seconds passed before he responded: "I don't know." with shame in his eyes. WTF... then, "Nobody knows how to pronounce her name." And he quickly bounced. She never returned. Laughlin sucks.I'll be back to find you mystery Server. I got an extra Yelp star with your name on it... Well, it will, once I figure out what the hell it is.
4	Good place to go for quick local food in Vegas.  I am always happy when I can get a decent saimin (sorry but L&L and King's Hawaiian have poor excuses for saimin).  If you can wait, the Ox Tail midnight special is a treat.  (Again... where can you get tasty ox tail on the mainland anymore).  Mom got the prime rib this time and really enjoyed it.  A bonus is to use coupons or discounts so your food is either free or practically free.  Always a treat!
5	24 Hours, the miso butterfish is the best anywhere.  Good portion and a great breakasts.
4	::drool:: I finally tried the amazing oxtail soup.  Hot DAMN, it really hit the spot.  My cousin was talking about this place for YEARS.  Literally.  I did not know what I was missing.  I like the exclusivity of the dish, not being able to order it before 11:30 pm or so.  Well worth the wait, and well worth hitting up Old Vegas for.
4	The Market Street Cafe is truly the only reason I come to down town Las Vegas. It's one of the only places left standing with a promising graveyard special. Everyone comes here for it's famous oxtail soup.  I usually get the steak dinner which comes with fries and a side of vegetables for under $5. It has a Hawaiian like theme to the place. Besides the wait to get seated, it's a great place to go to for late night eats.
2	Went here at 1am on Black Friday. The place is pretty ghetto for being inside a casino.Oxtail Soup was the only thing worth trying. Ordered the fish and chips and it was still cold on the inside. Also tried the steak and it was pretty bland. One trick pony in my opinion.
4	This place is located on the ground floor in the Cal. It is 24 hours. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Aloha is definitely spoken here. First of all, the prices are cheap. Also the salad bar which comes with all the entrees is great. It's a pretty good size with variety. Get the broccoli crunch salad. It's crunchy and sweet and yummy. The saimin in just like home in Hawaii. The prime rib special is my favorite. The prime rib is pretty good. I've had good pieces and a few bad. The breakfast buffet is also pretty good. The bacon was crispy and they even had Portuguese sausage. the scrambled eggs were runny. This is my favorite restaurant in the Cal. Food and prices are good. Just be warned, it can get busy. ^_^*~
4	If you're here, you're here for just one thing... Oxtail Soup. I say it's worth it. Come after 11:45pm, since the line is pretty around 11 when they start serving. Be prepared to wait. The cafe is pretty large, so they can seat quite a few people here. The prices are quite cheap for many of the other items, so if you happen to have a stick in the mud in your party who doesn't want to try the soup, there are plenty of other inexpensive options. They aren't as good as the soup, but it's still pretty good for the price.Definitely just what you're looking for in a soupy delight. I try to get it every time I'm downtown late at night.
4	The machines may be tight but the cafe pays out!  For the price, you get pretty decent food!  The NY strip doesn't have great taste but it's filling!  The Prime Rib was pretty good but the $7.99 price made it awesome!  This is the reason I'll be back in vegas next year!
5	this place is so good, I went here everyday during my 3 day trip to vegas (and I stay on the strip). The cost of taxi from the strip to this place is around $19-24. The cost of the soup is only $8.95. So it's better if you rent a car. I only ordered oxtail soup so I didn't know about other dishes, but they have 1/2 lb steak for only $4.95 so it's probably worthwhile to try.Beware they only serve the oxtail soup between 11pm - 11am except sunday. You will have to wait in line for at least 30 minutes to get the soupSoup come with rice so it's good if you're around 3 AM and super hungry and need a quick fix of warm mealToo bad they don't have fried onion and sambal to garnish the soup. Tabasco just doesn't cut it.  Soup comes with grated ginger and cilantro on the side. Adding cilantro to the soup makes sense, but adding ginger to the soup is weird IMO.
4	Who knew there's a 'must' restaurant off-the-strip? I didn't. Maybe this is Downtown's best kept secret.Did not expect a long line at this hidden place. I was charged $10 for parking on NYE, so I KNOW I didn't go all the way out here for bad food, especially the attitude that the old hag at the parking lot! I'm a huge stuffer, so I ordered the California Ham & Eggs and the much-hyped Oxtail Soup. The Cali Ham & Eggs meal came with potatoes and toast. Maybe because I'm not from California, but the ham was a no-go for me. It was too dry and not tender at all, but the rest of the meal was great. I loved the eggs and the toast. And now finally on to the Oxtail soup. Tastes like momma's Thanksgiving stew or her various soups. Just the right amount of salt and everything, and you know oxtails don't come cheap! The waiters are really nice, and even though they've mistaken an order on my bill, they took responsibility. Great place. When I come back soon, I'd love to try the other food on the menu.
4	Hands down, the best late night cafe to eat at in the Downtown Las Vegas area! In fact, I would drive there to the Market Street Cafe if I were looking for a late night meal in Las Vegas! The oxtail soup is very tasty and delicious!
3	Ok, so the Oxtail soup is the special here, BUT it's basically only served from 11pm til 11am, which covers the hours for the average drunkie's evening mealtime.  I wonder how many of the previous reviews are based on a drunken experience with the oxtail soup.  It is pretty good I'll admit albeit a LOT on the salty side.  Served with a large sccop of rice, side of ginger and onions.  For $7.95 it's not tOOoo bad, but cost vs. quality i would have to give it a 2 star rating.The breakfast buffet is quite cheap- for around 6 dollars you have quite a selection of meats (portugese sausage, bacon, ham, corned beef hash) carbs (crepe things, toast, waffles, danishes, hash browns) and fresh fruits and juice and such.
4	Oxtail soup, steak or breakfast buffet. CHEAP grinds. Can't go wrong. Service is usually ok. Sometimes a little slow. But usually you can find someone to flag down for something. Word of caution... if you want saimin. Go upstairs!
4	This place is a definitie must add to your late night facade.  After the clubs, I usually drive down here for their grave yard specials.  I think they have Loco Moco for like $5 or $6.99, oxtail soup for $8.99, steak and mashers for $4.99 (which come with long beans or you can substitute the whole thing for fries, my personal favorite! chicken fingers and fries (with the choice of honey ranch or regular ranch, I recommend the honey ranch. It's soooooo delish.) and sausage and pancakes for around $3 to $4.  Come on a Weds night, they usually don't have a crowd and graveyard starts around 12.  You might want to avoid coming on the weekend, it's hella hectic with people.  The taste for the oxtail soup (if you're from Hawaii) isn't all that great, so don't expect to much out of it.  It's nothing like the flavor in Hawaii, but it's a mock imitation.  The service here isn't too bad, my friends ordered our food 5 mins and our food came out within 10 to 15 mins.  On a busy night though, be prepared.  It'd take a long time for your order to be placed.  But the servers are nice, and sometimes when you're lucky you might get a local server from Hawaii. Now those people, are a character.  They always never fail to remind me of home. ^_^
3	I've been going to the Cal for over 10 years and always have a late nite/early morning snack after drinking and gambling...I know..the two don't mix, but what da heck...it's Vegas!  Oxtail soup is average, but I eat it at least once/trip cuz it's good for hangovers or to prevent them.  Fremont's cafe, the one adjacent to the buffet, has a better oxtail soup hands down.  Who ever heard of oxtail soup with carrots & celery?  'Nuff said for oxtail soup.  Same with their breakfast buffet...skip it, but hey it's free with your meal coupon if you booked with Vac Hi.  I head to Main St's breakfast buffet exclusively if I get up in time.
3	The breakfast buffet is not outstanding but everything is cooked well, tasty, and I loved the cheese blintzes. I wanted crepes, which I found out I couldn't get unless we went to the strip for breakfast. And the menu doesn't even list the blintzes on the menu, they are included in the buffet. So is the coffee. All in all, a cute little cafe and not too smoky.
4	One of my old school favorite places to get some home cooked meals.  The chili they serve here is just like Zippy's back home in Hawaii and the oxtail soup served after 11pm is yet to be beat.  Service is slow and the lines can be long but it's worth it for the taste of nostalgia.
5	OXTAIL SOUP! Das it, das all you need to know for Vegas. People from Hawaii even look forward to eating at this place.  This place would get a sixth star just for having Zippy's Chili too haha. Best Food Server in there for the past 5 years is Chris...Haole/Filipino guy.  The best place for after-party food!
5	It was my first time going to Vegas of age. We arrived in Vegas at approximately 1 am and the place we went to was this place. I was told a lot of the locals eat here, so I already felt kinda special. I ordered the oxtail soup, which happened to be a hit at that hour. They have a lot of good specials, which I had trouble deciding on. I went with the oxtail soup cause I hardly see it on menus.The consistency of the soup was good and it was flavorful as well and they weren't shady with the oxtail. Also, the waiters were really nice and quick on their feet.After that really late night dinner, I decided to play some slots, I was feeling good. So, I put in a 20 dollar bill into some random slot machine and on my last credit, I won 600 bucks!!! I cashed out immediately and decided to take my luck on a different machine and decided to only put five in and again, on my last credit I won $100 and I cashed out immediately.I came out fully satisfied with the service and my food and hey, an extra 700 to spend on the rest of your vacay in Vegas doesn't hurt at all!
5	On a cold winter's night: Ox Tail Soup.After a long night of drinking and dancing: French Toast.For a good wholesome lunch: Fried chicken.You can never go wrong with this place.  They have good soul food here.  It's American food, but with a Hawaiian and Filipino twist.  They offer breakfast, lunch and dinner items 24 hours!  Everything is good.  The only thing I wish they changed is the Portuguese luncheon meat.  I very much prefer Spam with eggs and rice.  If you're in town and staying downtown, this place is a must try.  If you are partying downtown and need a late night fix, this place will definitely serve your appetite.  The prices are not bad either.  My friends and I order like 2-3 entrees each when we come out here for a late night fix.  We'll set them all down and eat family style.  We came here Friday night after a night of drinking and dancing at Beauty Bar down the street on 7th.  We ordered the following items: omelets, tocino eggs and rice, chili and rice, oxtail soup, french toast, side of bacon (which is an entire platter full), luncheon meat, eggs, and rice, and saimin soup.  There is a variety to choose from, but these are the ones we order on a regular.  Everything was good!You will not be disappointed!
4	It's 3 AM and this place is packed!! It's not a long wait since the restaurant is huge... No need to look at the menu, just order what everyone else seems to be ordering: the oxtail soup! Hands down one of the best Oxtail soup I've ever tasted. The taste is like the Indonesian oxtail soup I've always known.. Just get a side of rice, and you're good to go. Oh, I would have given it 5 stars, except that they charge you extra if you ask for extra soup. I think it was $2 extra, but c'mon... it's soup!
4	Can it be- a place that serves just about anything with rice without looking at this Filipino a "lettle bet punny"? I really love yolks mixing with rice. It's such a comfort thing and as much as American breakfast is good, it just can't hit that spot saved for  eggs and a meat with rice. I know- oxtail is the star, but I was so surprised to see tocino on a cafe menu that I had to grab myself some late night tosilog. It was pretty good, but where's my vinegar? HAHAHA. They probably have it, but I didn't ask. The BF had vienna sausages, eggs and rice. Yeah, my white boy can hang even when HE'S the minority. The service was attentive. I didn't even have my ice tea halfway and someone is asking if they can bring me another and checking on us. About $6.75 for each breakfast, 24/7 breakfast MY style with rice...I'm definitely a fan. I'm not in DT too often, but maybe this should be the go-to spot to sop up the damage done at the bar.
3	Other than ox-tail soup and the banana fritters, this place is meh.  But oxtail is the only reason why you should go here and a good reason no doubt.Part of the reason why this place gets such high reviews is the history and experience of this cafe slaving and serving Ox Tail soup 7 days a week from 11pm-on.In a group of 12 people, there were only 2 people in our group who FAILED and ordered non-Oxtail.  Why would you eat anything else?I've been about a dozen times and have tasted the other foods and am never impressed.  It's either Oxtail or nothing.  Also seems like the price has increased - I remember it being 7-8 bucks but the demand is clearly there with lines forming well before 11pm.
3	Came here with a group of eight around 1230am. There wasn't much a line but I could already tell it was crowded because we had to wait a good 10mins before we were seated. We were served our drinks real quick but the waiter was extremely slow, we had to wait a good 20mins before he took our order and another 20mins for us to get our food. I ordered their half pound new york steak well done with mashed potatoes(graveyard special)-mashed potatoes were good but the gravy got to me. It seems as though they put the gravy too early because I noticed that it was a little cold and had already developed a thin gooey layer.-veggies were ok, not much of a veggie lover-the steak was a bit on the dry side but was much better after adding a little steak sauce.overall is wasn't bad,but not great either. My suggestion is to come here for their Oxtail Soup and their cal prime rib special. I had the prime rib special before and it was a lot better than my new york steak.  Plus you get free ice cream! I think the hours for their cal prime rib is 5pm-11pm but I'm not completely sure about that.
4	Three Things:1. Oxtail Soup (graveyard special)2. Loco Moco3. Zippy's Chili w/cheese and onionsSeriously... we eat here at least 3 times on every trip to Vegas... will literally drive all the way to Downtown for this!
3	I have fallen in love with the oxtail soup here but got there on this trip before 11:00 pm and had to settle for the steak and shrimp special.  Steak was tougher than a boot and while it was only $8.00 it was as they say, "tougher than a 2 dollar steak".  Salad bar is pretty decent but if come here for anything other than the oxtail soup you are wasting your time as you can do better elsewhere.
4	OXTAIL SOUP, 4 in the morning, in your drunken or sober state. That is all.Do not bother yourself with anything else if it's your first time. If you must, then any of their late night specials will do like the steak/potatoes/green beans, etc.
2	Rolled in at 5am with a crew bent on getting some ox tail soup. It was salty. Really really salty. And I got really really thirsty. MSG overload? Or just dehydrated from alcohol? I couldn't tell. Plus, there were bits of broken-off hardened fat floating in it. It appears that they cool it, let the fat harden, break it off and scoop it out, then reheat the soup. Problem is, the soup wasn't very hot, and the hardened bits of fat weren't very appetizing. I like my animal fat to be melted please!And turns out, I'm not a fan of sobering up with oxtail soup. It tastes like soup from mom's kitchen but saltier. When I want drinking food I want grease! From a diner! Not pre-dinner soup.To that end, I also got me a steak dinner. The steak was surprisingly tender, but it came with cold mashed potatoes and canned green beans. For such a hoppin' restaurant at 5am on Friday night (Saturday morning really) I would think they could keep the mashed potatoes warm. Anyways, I wasn't feeling it, but everyone else really enjoyed the oxtail soup. They noticed the saltiness once I mentioned it but they didn't mind.
4	I finally tried the oxtail soup. I thought the broth has good flavor and the oxtails were tender and plentiful.This is something I cant eat often as its hearty and fatty. I dont understand the peanuts in there though....Service was pretty friendly and seems to be fairly consistent since the last visit was also efficient. I think this is a spot to consider when in downtown area for late eats, but not something I would make a special trip for.
1	went here w/ my fam bam @ 3am last Friday and I agree w/ Tracy---- The soup was very salty, cold and was nothing special at all. The tocino was hard and cold as well. You would think that your food will be serve HOT if you go to a restaurant but not here. Oh and btw, we waited about 20-25 mins to get seated but when we got inside there were lots of vacant table--- I wonder if it was the owner's idea to have people wait in line to make it seem that the place is always busy. Absolutely NOT going back to this place..
5	As Shaun T.  says "drink your recovery formula."I know it's around a $30 taxi ride from the strip, but the ride split between 4 people was sure worth it.  I had the fried chicken dinner, which was okay, but what what gives this place it's 5th star on the map is the OXTAIL SOUP.  At 5am after several shots of patron, sometimes we need the quickfix of either something nice and greasy or some hot soup. I have to admit this oxtail soup was one of the best soups  I have ever had.  It was so rich in flavor (probably with MSG), but who gives a crap when your drunk at 5am. All I really care about is to get back to the hotel or drink my recovery drink, and the OXTAIL Soup literally did its job for me.
3	Apparently the oxtail soup is the bizz.I just go here for crappy loco moco and steak & egg breakfasts at 5am.
5	The 5 start rating is for the Oxtail Soup.  I've been eating this soup for the past 13 years.  After driving 5 hours from San Diego to Las Vegas, I make a stop to eat oxtail before I do anything else.  They only serve it around 11pm -9am.  You get a big bowl of several oxtail bones in broth, with carrots, celery, peanuts and chinese mushrooms.  It comes with 2 scoops of steamed rice and a little ground ginger and minced cilantro which you add to your soup once you get it.  Kinda like adding basil leaves and bean sprouts in your bowl of pho.  On weekend nights, the line is 20-30 mintues long depending on when you get there.  It's worth the wait.
3	This place is like a Denny's, except more mom & pop feel. The food is average. Had the oxtail soup (that's what everyone suggested). The soup was plenitful and came with a side of rice. It was good, but definitely not the best.The saimin soup was good, but again, not the best. It tastes kind of like Vietnames Hu Tieu, except a little bit blander. This is good for after a long day/night in Vegas.A bit far from the strip.And the 11P-5A specials aren't that cheap.....
4	I love eating here when I want to eat late @ night! They have the best ox tail soup, but u can't get it  until 11pm!! Its worth the wait! Also I like eating Prime rib here also but u have to check on the time u can get it!! Good service!!
4	Still a big fan of this casino restaurant.  The food is great, and the value cannot be beat anywhere else I've been to for what you are served.  The only glitch seems to be getting seated in a reasonable amount of time.  The hostess is slow and disappears for several minutes at a time after seating each table, leaving everyone else in line wondering where on Earth she ran off to.
1	This place is known for their late night oxtail special, so after a long flight that came in late, that is what we went straight for. The busers serve you drinks and guess what, mine was not paying attention when he put my water cup down and it spilled ALL over me. WELCOME TO LAS VEGAS, ARLENE! Luckily, I had already put my Louis bag on another chair and was not wearing anything expensive. A supervisor came by to ask if I was okay, and I just said that I was fine and that it was just water. Of course, spilling a drink on someone is unacceptable and that set my mood for Market Street Cafe for the rest of the trip. Unfortunately for me, I was staying at the Cal and had meal vouchers for this 24 hour restaurant.On to the food. The oxtail was NOT the absolute best thing I have ever had. Yes, it was fall off the bone soft, but it was so fatty. Plus, the ends were dark colored as if it is old meat. The soup is salty and they skimp on the vegetables. Also, for all the mess that we make eating the dish, I wish they would provide an extra small bowl for the bones. I like how they put the ginger and cilantro on the side so we can add it to our taste liking, plus I prefer no cilantro at all.My favorite time to eat here is breakfast. Do not get their prime rib scramble since it is probably leftovers from the night prior. I like the made to order omelettes but my absolute fave is the Philippine breakfast. It comes with tocino! The busers in the morning come around frequently to refill coffee, but never asks to refill my orange juice. My last morning they tell me that it does not come with free refills. Well that was my first time hearing of that, and if my cup is empty, why wouldn't you even offer regardless of charge. Stay consistent people. I have gotten free refills on OJ before! I do not care about the charge. I just want to stay hydrated in the 101 degree weather!Lines are long, especially at 11pm when the oxtail special starts, but it moves fairly quickly. The vouchers do not cover everything. For example, oxtail is a dinner voucher plus $2. Sometimes they apply less than $2 to your meal and you pay the balance. It's confusing. I probably would not eat here if I did not have to, even after my welcome bath!
3	Can you say "Oxtail Soup"? Boy I want to rate this place just based on their Oxtail Soup, but it sure wouldn't be fair. This place would seriously get 4 stars just based on Oxtail Soup alone, but a rating does consists of other things too if it is a restaurant. Service was OK = 1 star (I can't say they were extremely nice, but they weren't rude and plus it was also packed when we were there after hours)Food = 1 star (downside is that out of all the times I've been here, I've only ordered the oxtail soup, rating isn't based on anything else)Food Prices = 1 star (Decent and not over priced if you come here during graveyard hours, prices are even cheaper)There's my 3 stars I really wish I can rate it better but it is a restaurant and I should rate it as a restaurant. Maybe sometime I will come back and try something different, but I'm not sure I will try something different as long as they keep oxtail soup on the menu.
4	I tried this place for the first time last week. Went there for their prime rib special. All I gotta say is WOW! Their prime rib is cooked to perfection. Medium-rare, just to my liking. The meal also comes with  a side of veggies and potatoes and all you can eat salad bar, which is somewhat decent, and also comes with a cherries jubilee dessert. Great bang for your buck!
4	who needs fancy schmancy restaurants run by celebrity chefs when you can eat at market street cafe?  the portions and prices are perfect.  i cleaned my plate of corned beef hash which was delicious!  this is also where i discovered saimin noodles.  how did i not know about this dish?  and why is it so darn delicious?  i also liked the filipino sausage, though i don't know the official name of it.  our server was pretty dang good, being able to take an order for 7 and not write anything down.  be warned of the waits thought.  we had to wait a while for a sunday lunch, but that's cuz we wanted to all sit together.  another time we didn't even bother to wait cuz the line was out to the slot machines.  (and this was 12:30am on a saturday night.)
4	The first time I went to Vegas and ate at market street cafe, i was in awe because they have a lot of my island favorites that I grew up with, the food was always hot and fresh, and the service was friendly. Fast forward a year and half and we waited in long lines each time, the service was slow and more than once we had to hunt someone down, and the food was never fresh or hot. I rate the first time a 5-star, and between that and the second time of 2-3 stars, I barely agreed to give a 4-star. I'm sure I'll give them another chance when I go because of how cheap the food is.
4	My wife and I are Downtown regulars, and after a night of strolling around Fremont St. gambling and drinking we used to stroll over to the Golden Gate Casino's Bay City Diner, but since it became Du-par's prices have gone up and the food simply blows. Anyway, we now generally find our way to Magnolia's Veranda Cafe in the Four Queens, and while it's not dirt cheap, it's reasonable and the food is quite good, but like any place you visit it enough times and you long for change. After kicking around this place or the other, we settled on walking over to Sam Boyd's California Hotel and Casino to see what they had going on; all I can say is what a pleasant surprise Market Street Cafe was, remember we're talking about tasty/cheap "after drinking food." I'd say if you want a great Downtown dinner, try the Grotto or Hugo's Cellar, but if you're staggering around and need to put food in your stomach and don't care about atmosphere and are thinking cheap, good food, Market Street Cafe is as far as you need to look.
4	I came here during my most recent trip to Vegas last June and found out they raised prices on everything. Since when is oxtail soup $9.99?! Used to be $4.99 :( That's highway robbery.
4	CED:  I usually go here before the drive back home and it always is the best, cheapest breakfast buffet .  I ALWAYS get the gravy and put it in the rice with the sausage, eggs, bacon, hash.  It's bomb that gravy over rice, idk why but it tastes really good (try it!).  The price for the buffet was about 5.99-6.99 ayce, but i forgot; all i know is that it was really cheap.  Wait time to get seats was about 10-15 mins,  and the service is always good.  The people who usually go to this casino are Hawaiians, filipinos, and japanese.  If you want a cheap buffet go here if your close, I think they're best for breakfast.
4	Love this place, come here strictly for the Oxtail soup, thank you for extending the hours for this meal from 11pm to 11am. Order an extra plate of rice because the two scoops of rice they serve you are getting a bit smaller. Prices have gone up over the past few years, currently (7/16/11) it is $9.99 without the coupon. The soup comes with lots of oxtail, veggies, broth, a side of ginger, and peanuts, so if you're allergic to them let them know. I would give this place 5 stars but I do not order anything else on the menu, so I do not know how good the other food is. Actually I order the Two's Company once in a while which is a mean breakfast, only $4.95 (without coupon).
4	OX TAIL SOUP?! If you're a Vegas regular you know what you want as a late -night meal...that's right OX TAIL SOUP.  You can only get it from 11pm-11am at the Californian Hotel.  You get a generous portions of ox tail in the soup with veggies, finely minced ginger, and a scoop of cilantro.  You also get a big scoop of rice. I'm usually too full from just the ox tail and soup, i don't even touch the rice. Another favorite after hours meal is the LocoMoco - hawaiian favorite of rice with two eggs, meat patty, and gravy.  Those are the only two items I've tried here, so this review goes to them. Giving it 4 stars because although the soup is only $10, you need to take a $25 cab ride from the strip to get to the restaurant.  And that means about $50 for round trip. So make sure you gamble a little before you leave to try to earn that cab fare back!
5	OXTAIL SOUP.! I've been coming here since I've been little...located at THE CAL for all you Locals out there :) Whenever we drive down to vegas, my family & I ALWAYS come to THE CAL to get some oxtail soup. My parents usually get it & I just get the late night breakfast. But the oxtail soup is bomb[d0t]com.! I personally like it, & for those who don't.. then they don't.. It's up to you if you would like to try it or not. If you're not craving soup, get the saimen :)
3	Prime Rib Special.In a town where cheap food specials reign, but don't always live up to the sell, this was surprisingly delicious.  Moist, cooked perfectly. Comes with a trip to the salad bar and dessert too!
4	This is the coffee shop in the Cal which offers traditional diner fare along with local Hawaiian favorites.  Honestly, I usually only eat here in the morning.  If I can't make up my mind, I'll head over to the buffet and stuff my face.  Otherwise, I get the oxtail soup or the won ton mein.One note, the portuguese sausage on the buffet is not the same as the one that comes ala carte.  If you're not super hungry order the regular breakfast, the sausage is much better.The daytime server to get is Harvey!
4	I love this place!! There was definitely a wait for us, but the food was delicious and our server was really nice! I love that they offer local Hawaiian food because I haven't found many places in the mainland that offer the selection that they do.
5	The dinner dinner we had was back at the Cal at the Market Street Cafe where they serve up cheap eats all day and all night. While the special for the night was a steak and shrimp combo, i went with the gravy and got the chicken fried steak, while joy got the butterfish. Both were great, and both were under $10 which by today's vegas standards cheap. There's also a late night menu thats served after 11pm where you can get their special oxtail soup  which we took advantage of the last night we were there after coming back from dancing at Xs. Market Street Cafe s a bazillion times better than anything you can find open past midnight on the strip in terms of price, type of food and quality of food. Getting a big bowl of saimin or oxtail soup is so much more satisfying then a burger with fries from Grand Luxe Cafe or Denny's. Watch out for the peanuts in the oxtail soup.
4	Long lines form at 11pm when their graveyard specials start. Oxtail soup is really good. Eat at the bar, no wait if theres an open spot and a worker there, just take a seat to avoid the long line. I also like the prime rib special, ends @ 11pm, includes AYCE salad bar that has the veggies, crab salad, soy bean, and pickled radish or cucumber sushi, and an ice cream dessert. They have daily dinner specials which include local Hawaiian food, butter fish, lau lau, to name some. Don't recommend the steak and shrimp special, small, over priced, and not that tasty.most of their meals already include the AYCE salad bar, so what i like to do is each many plates of the salad bar and take the rest home.
5	Great Local Food!...
5	This is the first time I've discovered the California Casino!  85% of patrons are Asian, with a definite strong contingent of Pacific Islanders.And holy f*ck, finally some really good, really cheap food in Downtown.  (Sorry, but good food has really slipped at many downtown casinos.)California Casino and their sister property Main Street Station are both one block across Fremont (if you exit the rear side of Las Vegas Club, they are directly across the street.)We liked our 10 PM dinner better than our short rib lunch at Chart House, and it was less than a third of the price.House favorite/renowned dish: Oxtail soup (currently $9.99), served only on graveyard shift starting at 11 PM.  Long lines may form as 11 PM creeps around.  Prime rib special is also popular - looked like great quality, and under $10.Thursday special recommendation: Red Curry Roasted Pork Loin - lean, white pork but juicy and spicy and amazing! $7.95I'm planning to go back again today for breakfast or lunch and try out another of their restaurants.  Most of their dining options get 4 stars on Yelp.
5	Made it back the next night at 3 AM for oxtail soup.  Yum!  Great 3 AM food.  Satisfying but not heavy.Having cooked oxtail myself (risotto, among other things), I know it's not easy to make a clean, savory broth and succulent, tender oxtail without the grease and fat.
4	long line but the ox tail soup was well worth it.
4	This joint is famous for one dish above all. And rightfully so...the oxtail soup. It is fucking delicious! The soup has that rich flavor letting you know that its been simmering for hours and hours. The broth is rich, without as much grease or fat as you'd expect. Its well seasoned, and the herbs in it just add those nice little accents as you slurp it down. The meat on the bone is delicious. My fiance cleaned all of her bones bare. The rest of the food isn't quite as special, but isn't bad. The price is reasonable, the service is okay, its open late, and you have more of a chance of winning at the casino outside than on the strip so that's a bonus.But seriously...oxtail soup. Bam!
1	Horrible service:  The waiter was literally pulling the menu out of my hand when i was ordering. I felt like i was wrestling it back from him and practically was.  He rushed me through my order, didnt say hello at first, or thank you afer i finished ordering.  He forgot what is was ordered and had to ask three times! My iced tea was never refilled even after asking.  What a bunch of jerks in this place. They all scurry around looking busy but don't do anything.The food was palatable but nothing better then Denny's.  Gross food can be acceptable if the service is adequate but this place had neither good food nor service. Problem with casino restaurants is that no body cares and they won't do anything about it.  They will keep getting new customers by default.I've noticed The California's food quality plummet in the last 10-12 months.  The little cafe in the corner of the casino on the SE side used to have pretty decent food.  I tried this place as well and the food is just awful - same cook though.Well, California you have lost one previously loyal customer.This place sucks. How pathetic
3	This little place, located inside the California Hotel in Fremont, is known for exactly one thing: oxtail soup. This is the reason you see long lines forming right before 11 PM. You will always see a line, and there's a reason why.As you get seated down in this packed restaurant, you can see everyone eating out of a bowl, sopping up spoonfuls of broth. The melody of slurps swells in the air and it's almost unanimous what should be eaten here.The oxtail soup is a savory dish with a rich broth and meaty chunks of oxtail. It has flavors of both savory and sweet inside the fatty meat. For those who never had oxtail before, don't be afraid of this dish. Think of it like eating some delicious, tender beef shanks. The bone-in flavor seeps into the meat, making the broth and meat that more delicious. It's something you have to try.They also have other delicious items that go for very cheap after the 11 PM hours of the night: the chicken strips & fries, New York Steak, Won Ton Min. Okay, so they aren't the best you can eat, but they are still good, and with being able to buy all three of those dishes up top and not top $15, that's pretty damn good.The place is a good bargain for late night eats if you're out late gambling or drinking. Of course, the oxtail soup is the way to go, but with prices so low, you're free to explore other dishes at cheap prices. Just remember to always have the dishes hot.
3	They have $5 steak but guess what...it tasted burnt! Definitely not the thing to eat while trying to sober up.  I guess it was a good thing I split this with a friend so we both suffered together.Everyone else in my group got the oxtail soup and I regret that I didn't order that!  I really loved the broth and eating that with just rice.  Keep in mind I was inebriated while dining here so maybe this review isn't so accurate...or is it?
4	Late night clubbing, craving some late night munches.  You know what really hits the spot?  Oxtail soup.  Not just any oxtail soup though.  Don't go other places where it'll leave a "Blah" taste in your mouth.  You have to get it where it's good, and that place is the Cal ... more specifically: Market Street Cafe in the Cal.  Sure you can try other places, but trust, it ain't the same.Granted, the first time I came here, I was "a bit" inebriated, so I didn't think writing a review with such a biased opinion would be good for my rep here on Yelp.  But trust folks, I've gone again ... this time sober ... and I can rightfully attest that the soup is the BOMB DOT COM.For less than $10, you get a full bowl of oxtail.  I'm not talking about one or two pieces being all stingy status.  No, not here.  I believe there were at least 4 or more savory oxtails in my bowl that night.  The meat is very tender and just slides right off the bone.  Then, don't even get me started on the broth.  I could probably eat that broth alone it was so delicious.  Put a bit of rice in there, and that could be my one meal for the day.  Yes, it's that good.One star off because the service can be a little slow at times, but given, they are busy at all times of the day.Note: This is only a late night offer.  Don't try coming here in the afternoon to try this delicious soup.  This treat is only available from 11pm to 9am, only from the city that really does never sleep.
4	Reduced to 3.75 rating.  I'll still travel across the city the eat here. But the last few times I've been here the quality of the food and service has been below what I'm use to here.  Twice I've gotten the prime rib and both times it was dry and like rubber. The salad bar is still good except they've changed the crab salad recipe which sucks and that's usually the main reason I get the salad bar.  The Korean chicken was terrible also, tasted and looked like microwaved chicken dipped in hot sauce. The saimin is still good especially in this cold. Oxtail soup is still the winner and my favorite.
3	We went around midnight for late-nite grinds. We were with a group of 5. OMG, there was such a long line to be seated! I swear, that's where all the Hawaii locals go to eat! Once we were seated, the menu was like home-away-from-home. I was so tired that I ordered Portuguese sausage, eggs, and rice. My kanak attack hit me midway in my meal.It's like hitting up the local Hawaii greasy-spoon for those midnight cravings after clubbing! That's a GOOD thing!
1	Last Week: Waited over 45 minutes for breakfast and it never came. "Broken computer" the manager said. Nobody told us I told him. "I'm sorry" yeah, just like this place is. What a joke. Had to eat upstairs at the noodle joint.I must the only asian to complain that day because when I asked the manager if anyone else complained, he said no. C'mon you OKIE ISLAND fish-eating Hawaiians, speak up!Listen you guys, get your act together. You run the place like 12 year-olds. I hate this place.
4	Finally it pays to be a night owl!  Their oxtail soup is only served from midnight to 6am.  That also explains the long lines that start at 12am.  On multiple occasions I have run into family and friends here coming for their oxtail soup.We usually only order two things from the Market Street Cafe... their oxtail soup for and their Zippy's chili spaghetti.  Of all the oxtail soups that I have tried, this one is my favorite.  The meat falls off the bones and the broth is flavorful but not too salty.  The soup comes with some large pieces of oxtail, carrots, celery, and peanuts.  It also comes served with ginger, parsley, and a side of rice.  I like to mix the ginger and parsley with soy sauce to dip my chunks of oxtail in.  The price has been rising slowly over the years.  It is now $9.99.  Still worth it in my opinion.  I order this 99% of the time.We also like their Zippy's chili spaghetti.  It is the same chili that is served in the Hawaii chain, Zippy's.  The only thing is that they give you tons more here than they do at Zippy's!  What a steal for about $6.  The actual entree is called Chili rice but you can substitute for spaghetti.Expect a line around midnight and again around 2am... when people leave the clubs.  You will get more and more drunk Asians as the night gets later.
4	Took my daughters here on a recent trip & we all loved it! Dinner is dirt cheap, but the food is really good, not greasy.  If you get the special you'll have soup or unlimited salad bar (simple but nice-some romaine would be nice but it's iceberg).  You get a potato, veggies & Cherries Jubilee for dessert!  $7-9, wow.  It's usually busy but worth the wait.  If you're looking for elegant or people hanging on wires to get your wine from the top of a wall, this is NOT the place.  If you want simple food at a great price, downtown, then this is THE place.
5	Love the 2 egg with Portuguese sausage.  Great midnight snack.I use to be down with their cheap ny steak or oxtail soup but the upped the price in the last year or so.But either way the service is great and the food is good.
5	One of my favorite late nite snack. The oxtail soup reminds me of home taste. It is great to have a bowl in the cold winter day. The price is a bargain and it is definitely worth to try. Price meets its quality. Be sure to expect some queue before getting in.
4	Nothing really new to add that you may not have already read about but yes!....the Oxtail soup is a must try on your list if you have not.  Served only 11pm til the morning, so it's an excellent late night meal after 4-5 hrs of playing on the pai gow tables and drinking all night long.  It literally will replace anything that you've lost due to all that drinking.....well... provided that you can hold down anything after you've done all that drinking.  Cheers!
5	SHHHH!  VEGAS'S MILLION DOLLAR OX TAIL SOUP HERE!I don't want to blow up the spot but sharing is caring so here goes...If you think eating a big bowl of Pho is perfect after a night of heavy drinking, imagine that satisfaction...TIMES A THOUSAND when you're eating a bowl of hot, delicious ox tail soup!  Never again will I go to Vegas w/o getting my soup fix here =)The broth is deliciously salty and perfect, with generous portions of tender meat that falls off the bone.  (I love it when people aren't sheisty with the meat!)  They serve it with cilantro and tons of minced ginger and served piping hot.  Ask for chili on the side and dump your rice in the soup and mix and *sluuuuuuurp* GET YOUR CHOW ON.Only $9.95 and served only at night...only catch is the time so don't forget.  Starts at midnight until 6am PERFECT for the after spot.I love (method man voice) THE CAAAAAL!  Sure, it's packed w/ senior citizens but who better to gamble next to than some veterans??   Pit bosses and dealers here are AWESOME too friendly and chill... They comped us 3 FREE SOUPS when we spent a few hours playing blackjack =)   that was the best $100 bowl of soup I've ever had!(get hawaiian shaved ice upstairs w/ vanilla ice cream yum for dessert)
5	Oh em gee. Amen for the oxtail soup.
4	I realize that everyone comes here for the famous ox-tail soup, but I did not have the pleasure of trying it on my last visit here. We were staying at the California Hotel and were given coupon books upon check-in. The coupons are good for any menu item marked with a palm tree FREE OF CHARGE. Score! I love coupons!I had the spam, eggs and rice and was very satisfied. I only wish the rice was garlic fried rice instead. I love how cheap everything on the menu is. And I love how most of the menu items are Filipino dishes. I'll be back on my next trip to try the ox-tail soup that I noticed everyone was ordering.
4	First time I came here was over the summer of last year. Boyfriend was craving Oxtail soup and wanted me to try it since I have never had it in my life! It was a little after 2:00am when we arrived here, and no joke this place was hopping. The line was long and the wait was about 15mins to get a table. Everyone was there from old to the very young. The hostess was nice as she sat us toward the back of the dining room. Now I am not one to complain about where I eat, but some of you might turn your nose up and the place. First of all, this is not new Vegas, its old Vegas. Things are well taken care of in this place (think Denny's) but have an older feel. They have midnight specials, which cannot be beat by anyone else around town! Cheap prices on good cooking!Our waiter was nice, as he brought us water and our silverware! Boyfriend ordered two bowls of their oxtail soup and two sides of rice. When the waiter brought our bowls to the table, all I could think was. How am I going to finish all this? There sitting in front of me was a piping hot and smelling delicious oversized bowl of  the tenderness looking meat sitting on the bone (psst don't tell anyone but I found out that it isn't really ox meat it's the meat from a cow)with cilantro, carrots and mushrooms. The side bowl of sticky rice was piled high. The rice was okay did not eat much of it, but the soup was fully loaded with flavor definitely leaving the bones in makes the broth that much better. Since this was my first time eating the meat from the soup, I was not as graceful as my boyfriend was while eating it. Instead, I tore into it with a knife and fork and when that did not work, I used my fingers to get the meat off the bone. Yes, I am not happy to admit that but just could not think of putting the bone near my mouth and chomp chomping away at it! Not 100% full we decided on having a little sweet snack before leaving. Ordered the banana fritters, which were pretty filling as I could only managed to eat two before being totally full!Make a note people before coming here: Oxtail soup is not served during the day it is only served after 11:00pm...  This place is totally worth going to DTLV for late at night!
4	Prime rib special is a steal with soup or salad bar and great desert cherries jubilee is to die for
4	While most of our trip to Vegas had been plotted, my buddies and I were left to plan our bar hopping adventure while everyone else went clubbing.  With so many bars and hotels in the area though, we figured we would just wing it and see where the alcohol took us.  The one thing we knew for sure though was our last stop of the night - Market Street Cafe's famous ox tail soup!Now I know - when it comes to post drinking/clubbing food, the usual suspects that come to mind are classics like burgers, pizza, and burritos.  But ox tail soup?  A little unexpected...much like the line!  Parked in a corner of the California Hotel casino, it was pretty surprising to see so many other people there.  I guess that just shows how popular they are for late night eats.  The roughly 20 minutes it took for the three of us to get a table seemed agonizingly long since we were so hungry, but the wait was worth it.  None of us really had any expectations, but we all thought it was pretty solid (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pd2Xo1WqNic9zxLTVdilGA?select=nkKSBXcNq1bxA1jC_6wCZQ).  The meat tasted great and it was oh so tender - so easy to pull it off the bone!  The broth was flavorful despite being on the lighter side, but I thought it could have used a little more richness to it.  Still, not too bad as it was.The rest of the menu looked decent from what I saw, and I especially liked how it offers so many island/Hawaiian dishes (they have saimin!).  Definitely a good late night food option, but it's a shame that it's not closer to the Strip!  Then again, if it was, the lines would just be that much longer...
1	Located in the Cal, this place looks crowded and has a lot of Asian clientele because the Cal does attract a lot of Asian customers.  The food is really bad.  I can't understand why there is a long line to eat here.  They do give out $7 coupons in the hotel and casino and I think that's the reason this place is so crowded. People will eat horrible food for free or for a few bucks.  I didn't have a coupon.  I tried the salad bar and the saimin.  The one item in the salad bar that I was expecting to be good was the mac salad and it was horrible.  No flavor whatsoever.  It was bland.  It needed some salt and some egg.  The mayo didn't even have an egg flavor like Best Foods mayo.  The saimin was advertised to have char sui and fish cake.  It was 3 paper thin sliced of komobuko and 3 small nuggets of char sui.  My mom had the mahi mahi that was battered in egg and fried.  The batter came really dry. I looked like egg foo yung but the egg was way over cooked.  My sister had the prime rib and she asked for it medium instead of the typical medium rare that the roast is cooked.  The meat had a grayish tint to it like they put the steak in a microwave to get it to medium from medium rare.  The meat was tough.  Just a poor cut of meat.  We ended up going to the Aloha Specialties upstairs to get something decent to eat.  Don't go to this cafe.
4	My boyfriend and I love coming here for their prime rib special. You get a huge slice of prime rib, green beans, your choice of mashed potatoes, baked potato, or rice, and cherries jubilee for dessert. It is worth the $8, trust me. Their prime rib is very juicy and flavorful. The mashed potatoes are my favorite because of the gravy! it is pure deliciousness. My favorite part about the cherries jubilee is the little cookie that they serve with it. Put some of the ice cream on it, and you're in for a real treat!!If you don't feel like eating prime rib, try some of the local food they have on the menu. Definitely worth it. Tip: be prepared to wait for at least 15 minutes. There is usually a long line, so I wouldn't come here if you are looking to eat right away.
4	Went here after a day of drinking and gambling on our last night in Vegas.  There were three of us and we each had the loco moco and the Filipino breakfast which consisted of tocino. garlic rice and three eggs.  I was full, but it tasted so good that I kept on eating.  Wished they served the oxtail soup before 11pm cause I was too drunk and full to come back later.
4	Holy smokes this place has the best prime rib in Nevada. It was so tender and flavorful. Soup was delicious and the dessert was amazing!!!! 1000% bang for the buck. Too bad this meal cost me 300$. The table games here have super bad bonus', but they are however lowstakes.
5	The oxtail soup is sooo ono!  Probably equal to, if not better than, the oxtail soup at Kapiolani Coffee Shop back home in Honolulu.  The soup is really tasty.  The prime rib special during the graveyard shift is excellent as well.  Not sure how a place like this manages to make prime rib so tender.  Definitely worth the $8 regular price and at a Vacations Hawaii coupon plus $2 it's a no brainer!
5	After 11pm one word- Oxtail soup, well two words. Haha.
4	Family is here from out of town, and we're running around taking them to the Casino to gamble, but it's getting late and we're getting hungry.  My husband and I both have been craving a little oxtail.  So we head over the Californian Hotel for the Market Street Cafe, they offer oxtail after 11pm. To our surprise the line isn't too long and we got seated.  We placed our orders, and service was fast, we had our food quickly.  The big bowl of soup, had a lot of oxtails, cooked so tender, the meat was falling off the bone.  The base had celery and carrots, you can add as much cilantro as you want and they bring you fresh grated ginger.  You also get steamed rice on the side.  This was a nice late night meal that hit home, warms you up and pleases the stomach.  They do a pretty good oxtail!
4	I've been here twice and the first time i came here i really didnt try the ox tail soup. but this time i shared the soup with a friend and i regret it cause i wish i would have gotten my own. the oxtail is so soft and the soup is so flavorful. i also ordered a loco moco. it wasent bad but ive had better. this place is the best place to go to after a long night out.
2	After passing on Beauty Bar, I decided to spend my money on some grub. Usually I would order their awesome oxtail soup, but when I was about to put my order in, I saw the waitress hand another customer the new york strip special. It looked really good...Ok, by the time my order came through, the waitress was able to drop about 5 orders of oxtail to other table. Wow, I thought, they must be taking extra good care of my food...When I received my meal, I first tried the green beans. I will say this again, nothing is worse than frozen green beans. When you reheat them, they might look like fresh green beans, but they tasted like chewing on a sock. Horrible.Let me get to the steak. I don't know where these Vegas casinos are getting their NY steaks, whether it's the California, South Point, Station Casinos or whatever.. I know it's all coming from the same damn place. Tough, leathery, and extremely fatty (on the outside of the steak..)I gave this place 2 stars because they didn't screw up the french fries.Two words when you go to this place, Oxtail, and Soup. That's all you need to remember. If I would have ordered that I would have given this place the 5 stars it deserves.
4	Great values, food is good. Husband loves the oxtail  soup
5	Oxtail soup! available 11pm-9am...$9.99, Excellent taste and lots of meat on da bones...added side ingredients of cilantro, diced ginger, & white rice...mix a little of all three in da soup and it makes a very tasty meal! Breakfast is also a winner, service is good, lines can be long at dinner and late night times, but there's always immediate seating for (2) and also counter seating. Best suggestion if dining late......order oxtail soup
5	One of the bombest  places to eat late nite. oxtail soup is the best! I've been eating here late nite in vegas for more than 10 years love it.  I came here after a crazy nite in vegas w a friend once and before I even ordered they brought the oxtail soup out already it was like they already knew. lol
1	The most disgusting meal I've ever had in my life!!
4	I like this place for the prime rib (from 4p-12a), teri burger, salad bar and their graveyard specials... oxtail soup & NY steak (green beans)! Always a line though.
4	I LOVE the Market Street Cafe.  LOVE.  I've lived in Las Vegas for about 5 years and I've gone probably once a month for the past five years.  I have not sampled a large selection from their menu because I stick to a couple of basic things.1.  Prime Rib Special.  If I'm there after 4, there's no question about what I'll eat.  Tasty prime rib, soup or salad, baked potato, green beans almondine and cherries jubilee for dessert.  All for $7.99.  It used to be $6.99, but the price went up about a year ago.  Still, best prime rib special in town.  In my dozens of times eating the prime rib, I can only remember being disappointed once.  Even then, it was good and I didn't feel ripped off by paying eight bucks for it.2.  Things made with fish.  If I'm not there in the evening, I stick to things made out of fish.  The fish and chips, butterfish, etc are all pretty good.  I've tasted catfish from friends' plates - also good. Lunch and dinner specials all come with the salad bar or soup.  The salad bar has declined in quality a little bit, but I think that's how they kept the prices low when food costs started rising.  There used to be sushi and spinach and a few other things, but now those things are gone.  It's pretty basic, but has more than enough to keep you happy - especially since it's not an additional charge with a daily special.A few people have mentioned the service and I think it's really hit and miss.  Sometimes it's awesome and your glass is refilled before it hits the table.  Other times it can be tough to get someone to come over.  The number of customers fluctuates so drastically that I think they  have a hard time knowing how many servers to keep on the floor.  Either way, I always leave happy.
4	I have to say I was very impressed with the Market Street Cafe.  My family went for the breakfast buffet.  While it can't compete in size or variety with many of the larger Vegas buffets, this place served really yummy food.  Pretty much everything I tasted was delicious (OK not the cheese blintzes, but so what?).  The real draw was the price - we paid less than $6 a head!  Nothing wrong with that!  The service staff was attentive and friendly, the place was clean.  All in all a good experience.
5	The oxtail soup is what keeps us from coming back to this place everytime we visit las vegas.
1	I don't understand the reviews here.  My friends were looking for a late night food place and stumbled upon this place.  Whipped out the trusty yelp app and saw 4 stars... perfect.  The food was very inexpensive but also very gross and disgusting.  Eggs were super greasy, carrots that came with the meals were stone cold and the salad bar just looked shady.  No one finished their meal and everyone had upset stomachs after eating here.  I get that people want to look for a bargain but disgusting food is never worth the cheap price tag.  Avoid at all costs.
5	Great family style restaurant. Great prices especially for LV. Lucie had a nice prim rib $10.00 I had some good liver & onions & bacon $8. Great place!
3	Points for this place being open for all the after-clubbing crowd in Vegas. Soup broth is definitely a welcome sight after a night of drinking. As for the broth's flavor, I don't really think it's out of the ordinary. It's a simple broth with oxtails, but I don't really detect any unique flavor I wouldn't find from any other place. The oxtail soup, though cheap is over-hyped. Yes, the meat is tender...yes it's comforting after the club, but the flavor is just ok. I had to kill it with the minced garlic they provided to get some sort of bite. Maybe I should've asked for fish sauce.Average flavors, great price, great hours....that's about it
4	Imagine if you will.  It's about 11pm and you can't sleep.  Why?  You're hungry.  You want something that reminds you of home.  You want to go to a place where everyone knows your name.  Well, get out of bed and make your way to the Market Street Cafe in the California Hotel!I think the Cal is just ok, but the main reason I keep coming back is because of this place!  I think although this diner is just ok and offers an overwhelmingly big menu, there's no question about their graveyard menu and specials.  That's why I keep coming back!On Sunday, I came and got the Oxtail Soup and a cup of the chili, as I always get every single time like clockwork.  The total came to about $15.  I ALWAYS have a great time with the Oxtail soup.  This soup is filled with pine nuts, carrots, celery and huge pieces of oxtail!  They serve it with cilantro and ginger.  I can't enough of it!  The oxtail is super moist and marbleized.  I often times have dreams about it! LOL.  The chili is good because it's the Zippy's style chili back home in Hawaii.  The chili is super creamy and I heard they actually put peanut butter in the recipe to help with the creaminess.  Remember what I said.  If you find yourself hungry for some local Hawaiian food, get your butt to Market Street Cafe.  They're open 24 hours a day and will surely help satisfy your cravings, BRAH!
4	Truly delicious and simple late night eats after a fun night out. We shared the ox tail soup- it was flavorful, not too greasy and the tails were large! We also had the 1/2 lb ny strip meal. The steak was chewy and small, but about par for the $6.99 cost. I would go back for the soup.
4	Located inside the Californian at old vegas this place is another spot to hit up if your looking to save $$$ on food. It's a 24hr cafe serving typical breakfast/burger type meals while offering diversity to the menu with their Ox tail soup, silogs, and $5 dollar steak specials. keep in mind they only serve the real cheap eats late night.Myself I ordered up the Loco Moco. It came in large soup bowl with steamed rice, a beef patti (1/2lb), fried egg, and gravy. Giving you a heads up this meal is the reason for my write up. Compared to other joints they're making it happen flavor and quality wise better. Beef Patty tears into beefy chunks, the rice is steaming hot, and the gravy gives that depth of comfort your looking for when you eat Loco Moco Bruh! This meal is not gonna spare you on calories or sodium but if it's your last meal on earth then you went out like a soulja...Again not a chef but let me emphasize the gravy has character. I'm thinking it's stock based and possible butter if not drippings added for richness.Other dishes sampledOx tail soup, just the broth for me tho. Warm, chinese spiced broth w/ hints of star anise. Chunks of carrot and celery to add sweetness and color. The broth is not served hot enough for me to order, I would need it to be piping hot. The Ox tail cuts served were on the large side. Noticed smaller cuts of Ox tails are usually more tender in most cases, my preference.Pork tocino or tocilog. This was actually pretty good too. Chef grilled that sliced pork until it caramalized the way it outta to be. It's gets better, if your an eggs feign they serve the meal with 3 instead of 2! If your wondering what's Tocino it's marinated cured pork, usually thin sliced pork butt or possibly thick cut bacon. This should be approachable if your not into filipino food.$5 Steak Special, 8oz grilled NY Steak strip with fries and string beans! If nothing above motivates you this might.Not much too say about the decor of the cafe other than outdated. However, the place speaks for itself. It's easy to picture how it probably boomed back in the day. Looking at the staff they probably been here since. Service was not bad, the waiter kept an eye for us and filled up the water whenever needed. Friendly, nah, you can tell he just wanted to do his job and get out.Parking is easy, ffree lot across the street, cafe is located on the ground floor, possible waiting time if your coming after hoursCheck it out if you get a chance
5	Best Island Food in Vegas.I come here once a day during my vacations in Vegas, sometimes twice.  It's worth the drive from the strip as the prices are insanely cheap, and it's open 24 hours.They have the best graveyard specials, big portions, and fast service.  Wait staff is awesome.  They look like the locals in hawaii that moved up to the mainland for a change, so their easy to talk stories to.  Loco Moco or Pork Chop is the best.  I've been to many island restaurants in Vegas, no one beats this one.
2	As soon as we checked in to California hotel & casino, we made our way to Market Street Cafe.  It was already past midnight and we had come from LA so we weren't trying to drive around anymore.  Luckily, it wasn't as crazy busy so we were able to be seated right away.  Unfortunately, despite getting seated right away, we weren't attended to right away at our table.  Don't get me wrong.  The server was nice but when one is tired and hungry, niceness can only get so far.  When she finally made her way to our table, my sister-in-law ordered the infamous oxtail soup (now priced at $9.99), my brother ordered the wonton min, and I customized my omelette with cheddar cheese, mushrooms, bacon, & spam.  The food itself was okay.  Nothing to shout on rooftops about.  My omelette was okay, though the combination of spam and bacon made it super salty towards the end, since there were big clumps of them at the other end of my omelette.  The hash browns were okay.  Didn't taste the wonton min but my brother seemed to like it.  I did taste the infamous oxtail soup.  It comes with a cup of rice which my sister-in-law devoured.  The oxtail is cooked perfectly, with the meat falling off the bone easily.  The broth is pretty good but I suppose that since I am Filipino, I'm accustomed to eating oxtail with a peanut sauce (a dish called Kare-kare).  So although the oxtail and the broth was good separately, together, I was looking for something more.  I don't think I'd ever order it again.Did I mention that our food arrived and we still had no drinks at our table.  When I flagged the waitress down and asked for water, she only brought one for me.  It wasn't until she noticed the shocked look on my brother's face that she made her way back with water for both my brother and sister-in-law as well.  Overall, I probably wouldn't eat here again, unless I had no other choice.
4	Since Candace C. swears by this place, I decided to check it out this weekend. Things to know:1) open ALL NIGHT LONG: great for if you're hungry after a night of dancing, just take a cab here. It's WAAYYY down the strip 2) HAWAIIAN FOOD!: they have spam and eggs, saimin, and loco moco!! definitely, gonna try this next time3) OX TAIL SOUP: have to say, this thing was DELICIOUS!!! It's gingery so if you don't like ginger, don't order it. It even comes with a side of ginger and cilantro. It's warm and the meat is soft. Really, it's the perfect meal after a long night of singing along to your favorite DJ's songs 4) LINES GET LONG!: we waited for half an hour at around 3am...yah....probably only gets worse the later it getsLoved this place! The place is a little run down, but it's really good! I'd definitely come again if I was willing to make the trek. Oh, and if you do decide to come here, there's validated free parking!
1	Our waitress was great but the cashier lady was a total idiot.  I never heard where you have to pay in cash first before you put it in on credit card.  The reason we do it so that we can tip our waitress in cash.  She also wouldn't accept 2 credit cards, therefore if you have a party make sure all you have cash.  The phillipine breakfast was disgusting, I order it with scrambled eggs and I felt like it was a whole stick of butter mixed with those eggs.  The tocino, maybe I'm not filipino but it was so greasy and fattening.  The oxtail soup, maybe we got a bad batch but it was really salty and wasn't flavorful.  O well, lesson learned.  Definitely not worth the drive from the strip to this cafe.  What the hell were my friends thinking? Maybe it was the drunk talk.
3	My friends and I always get the prime rib special with the salad bar, it's almost a monthly thing. I think their fries are a little dry so I usually order mashed potatoes with my prime rib. After several tries, their prime rib is at its best medium rare (I usually order my meat medium), so I had to adjust my preference. It's juicy and chewy and I feel like my testosterone levels are kickin' in whenever I'm eating a big piece of meat. In that case, I have to balance it out by eating ayce salad. I really like their salad bar, especially their broccoli salad and bottomless edamame. Their "crab" salad can be a little too salty at times, so that's a hit or miss for me. I'm not a big fan of their coleslaw, I don't even know how to describe it. The rest of the salad selection is pretty average (in a good way). I've also tried their oxtail soup (once) and thought it was too salty. It's also lacking some veggies. But I won't mind giving it another try. Some of my friends swear it's THE best hangover remedy lol. Its usual diners are Asian families getting their local food grub on and old folks eating after bingo or something. Overall, this place ain't bad at all.
3	food 3 starsservice 4 starsI came here LATE night with the girls while we were in town for a bachelorette party. I say we arrived here around 3:30 am. This place is about 8 minutes off the strip.  When you walk into the casino from the parking lot, This place isnt too hard to find. You just walk straight across the casino and BAM, there it is on the end. Try to hold your breath while walking through the casino because it smells like 100 year old cigarette butts, ashtrays and dusty funk.Our waitress was attentive, and she took our order pretty quickly. We ordered 3 ox tail soups, one Hawaiian breakfast and I got an extra side of hash browns. What's an after drinking meal without some kind of potatoes?Our food came quicly and we dug right in. About half way in when I came up for air, I noticed my hash browns had not arrived. I reminded the waitress , and she brought one out right away.  I actually wished I had forgotten it all together because they were not crunchy and were more like mashed potatoes and oil on the inside. The oxtail broth was a little on the salty side, but the oxtail itself was fall off the bone delish.Of course it being 3am, there was a table of young guys staring impolitely at us while we were gnawing on those ox tails. One of them actually had his phone out and appeared to be snapping photos of us. Oh well.
4	From time to time my husband and I crave some oxtail soup.  If he isn't in the mood to make some, we'll head down to the Cal and head for Market Street Cafe.   After 1130pm you can get a really good version of oxtail for just $9.30. The broth is seasoned well, there is plenty of ginger and star anise noted, and just in case it's not enough, you get a side of grated ginger with cilantro.  The oxtails are big and meaty, which in some joints, you don't get consistency but they are always big.The lines can be long depending on the flight's from Hawaii, but, it moves fast, there service is great, almost as good as Flamingo's use to be back in Hawaii!
5	Alright now i've determined that this is the place to find me between the hours of 1am-10am. If i'm out late and i need food i'm coming for the oxtail soup of course.If i'm waking up early i'm coming for the breakfast buffet. For under $7 i can get my fill of scrambled eggs, rice, portuguese sausage, bacon, biscuits and gravy, french toast, hash browns, and coffee. There's also some fruit if you're into that sort of thing.
5	Love this place. Food is amazing and I haven't been disappointed. Prime Rib was pretty good and cheap at $9.99 but what makes this place special are the Hawaiian dishes. Especially their specials. Butterfish - A MAZE BALLS!! This entree was so good that I couldn't even believe what I was eating. Taste explosion in my mouth and just absolutely delicious.Braised Spare Ribs - Excellent. Soft. Tender. Slides right off the bone. Ugh! Just so so good. Definitely give this place a try if youre in the downtown area. You wont regret it.
4	oxtail soup. aka bulalo... late night, downtown las vegas eats. market street is located on the bottom floor of the Cal. most people really do go for the oxtail soup. it's a cure-all. it's only served after midnight and you'll know because a line will be forming around this time.good broth, more than enough oxtail pieces, carrots, potatoes, celery... just a nice hearty soup. they serve it with cilantro & hot mustard on the side which i dont care for but lots of people do.they also have a 'create your own omelet' option. And you can add Zippy's chili, spam, portuguese sausage, etc. keep it local!
3	Can't beat a full 3 course meal for under $10! Food was good, service and presentation lacking, but that's what you expect at those prices. Note if you want alcohol you need to get it before you enter (they do let you bring it in, but do not serve it inside.
4	Finds like this validate my love for the yelping community. This place is a unassuming cafe in an unassuming hotel "The California" in downtown. But for the price its hard to beat. Now if you want gourmet then keep walking, but if you want some satisfying and tasty food and for the cheap then you found the right place. Nice selection of Island food witch makes sense since the California seems to have a niche with that particular community. My first visit I tried the prime rib dinner special and for under 10 bucks I had a three course meal with a salad bar. Btw do yourself a favor and try the macaroni salad, damn it was good.
5	Can't go wrong with oxtail soup (aka Bulalo) for late night cravings after a night out on the strip. Located inside California Hotel in Downtown Las Vegas a few miles away from the strip, it is worth the drive. Make sure to go here between 11pm to 9am to take advantage of their Graveyard Specials. 1/2 lb NY Steak for only $6.99 that will not disappoint. And of course the Oxtail soup that completes any meal. There could be a long wait at times to dine in but its totally worth it.Don't forget to validate your parking so its free.
2	I was there tonight with few friends and it appeared packed but not that packed. We were seated right away but it took over 30 minutes for our drinks to arrive followed by another 20 minutes to take our order and another 30 minutes for our food to arrive. When the waitress brought our food, everything was cold except for the Saimin. #sigh
3	Only thing I eat here is Ox tail soup with extra cilantro.  Service was a little bad.  It felt as they were rushing us out.  We had a big group and they were busy, but they brought us the check right after the last plate was served. Didn't even wait or ask if we wanted desert.
4	Market Street Cafe located inside the California Hotel Casino in old downtown Las Vegas is a mirage to locals and tourist from Hawaii! From the get go you will notice employees with the Hawaiian uniforms and Hawaiian workers and guests! How ironic being the name of the place is California. Nonetheless still a place that caters to all ethnicities.  It is rumored that liaisons contact Hawaiian travel agency and tourist a package deal to get tourist I stay and visit...which is smart marketing!  Asides from loose slots that gets customers playing a while without losing all their money quick...it is the food and specials that are the perfect perks to reel in the big catch!  They have various places in California hotel...but Market Street Cafe is the main attraction.  First and foremost it is the oxtail soup that receives the most attention.  It's familiar taste to Asian cultures have a similar taste to Filipino's bulalo soup and other Hawaiian, Korean and what not.  Also, since their special for oxtail soup starts at 11pm it is great for a late night hang over cure as well! Beware tho at peak hours especially for specials...the line gets long. But if you run into it...need not worry....it goes at a fairly steady pace.  The other special they have before 10pm is the Prime Rib! To have it done at medium is at its best! The tender and juicy cut of meat mixed with salivation of hunger melts this hunk of chunk so smoothly!  Anything higher in cooking is fair game...still tender but the taste comes different and more like corned beef....usually places that cook prime rib at this level be a little tougher but still have that prime rib flavor...so again I recommend medium.  With this price coming in at an amazing $9.99 one must be reminded not to forget it comes with an all you can eat salad bar that includes macaroni salad (a crowd favorite especially Hawaiians) and fruits! Plus you get a warm cherry/cinnamon vanilla ice cream sundae like concoction with a cone like wafer on the side.  You have to remember this place is old, but respectable.  Might not be a place for fine dining but for a casual and deal breaker and wanting it to hit the spot...this is the place!  I haven't had a chance to try their other stuff, but some say they are just as good and satisfying. Happy Eating! And Aloha!
5	Woohoo!!  As good as it gets!!Market Street Cafe is labeled as a Hawaiian Restaurant, but also offers a ton of other eats.  Let's just get it out of the way right now...OXTAIL SOUP!!  I have no clue why I am even reviewing it since almost every Yelper on here has given enough details on how good it is. I just would hate to over-hype it for anyone.  Bottom line, you have to try their Oxtail Soup yourself.  My only wish is that it was serviced on a plate full of rice.  Market Street's portions are huge and the prices definitely cheap.  I recently had a full pound of their NY Steak Strip for about $12.  Not the best steak in the world, but good enough.  Back to their Oxtail, hooked up for sure. Enough to serve the average two people.  But I always seem to kill it on my own. Couple of Tips:-Oxtail is only served after 11 PM.  This could have changed by now, but I never take the risk and just make sure I'm in after 11 PM.  -The line is long, but not as long as it looks.  If you're a single or party of 2, doesn't take long at all.  If you're a party of 4+, can take at least 15 minutes.  Also there's no wait if you're sitting at the kitchen bar. -Daily Specials: Review their board for their daily specials.  Believe me, some great deals there.  1/2 lb NY Steak for $5.99 is a steal!!
4	Located inside the California Hotel/Casino always come here for the breakfast 2 eggs,rice and portuguese sausage. Only downside is the wait to get a table. Service was ok. They also have a good salad bar which is popular too. Prices are reasonable here too. They also have midnight specials the most by far popular item is the oxtail soup.
5	I loved this place! We came here on one of our last days on Vegas and found it while walking around the Golden Nugget. When we sat down to take a look at the Menu's, I decided to look on yelp and see what the reviews were. Once I saw the 4 star rating, I know I was going to be impressed.When I said take a look at the Menu, it took awhile due to there being lots to choose from! We had a table of 6 and we ordered pretty much everything from breakfast to lunch. I ordered the Eggs Benedict and all I have to say is WOW! These were probably the best Eggs Benedict I have tasted in a long long time. I also ordered a short stack of pancakes which were also pretty tasty.The customer service was awesome as well!You definitely need to stop on by if you're in the Golden Nugget!
2	The place needs some extreme makeover. The food taste is average.  Their specialty of Ox tail soup is a must to try, but don't expect that they will serve this during lunch time and dinner.  I think they serve this midnight or late evening which we failed to asked : (.  Parking space is creepy and with pay so be sure you will go there in groups for safety reason.  One thing that is very important.  If you will go there, try to request for hot water and dip your spoon and fork for a few minutes before using them.
1	Decided to try it due to great reviews and was extremely disappointed. The dinner special (steak and 3 fried shrimp) was $7.95 but even at that price not worth it. Steak was bland, shrimp were 70% breading and mixed veggies looked like they were just boiled out of a frozen bag... Avoid this place and hit up Outback Steakhouse if you want a decently priced steak. Will not be returning. Had to listen to my family complain the entire ride back to the hotel...
5	WHO: Anyone & everyone. As a matter of fact, bring the entire family!WHEN: I believe this Cafe is open 24 hours a day? Correct me if I'm wrong please!WHERE: Downtown Las Vegas inside the California Hotel.WHY: Personally... OXTAIL SOUP!WHAT: One random night while my family was in town. We were stuck in a situation, and the situation being... WE DIDN'T KNOW WHERE TO EAT!! A light bulb must have lit up in one of my cousin's heads when she mentioned we get the infamous OXTAIL SOUP FOR ONLY $9.99! It was a unanimous decision, so this is where we went.They have one of the best graveyard deals ever! You cannot get oxtail soup for 9.99 anywhere! The catch is, it starts at 11pm to 4am I believe? I came here on a whim another time during the day and was bummed because they didn't offer it. It is specifically on the GRAVEYARD menu. Unfortunately, we weren't able to get anything else because our tummies were QUITE SATISFIED. The soup comes with a bowl of rice, which is the filling part. SO GOOD!I will go there soon and try the other tasty meals they have! The menu looks bomb! HAWAIIAN FOOD FOR THE WIN! =) But in meantime, if you are looking for a late night grub after the clubs, this has to be it!!I will leave you with this...OXTAIL SOUP!
2	THIS IS YOUR FRIENDLY NEIGHBORHOOD YELPER INVESTIGATING CLAIMS THAT THE OXTAIL SOUP IS THE SHIZNIT HERE.Obviously the 2 star rating should of gave it away. So after much hyped up word of mouth and high kudos reviews on here, "MEH. I'VE EXPERIENCED BETTER".So here's my story. Went there on a friday night with my wife. Since this deal starts at 11 pm and after reading most of the recent reviews, we showed up right at 10:45. As expected there was a long line. What I found out was that if its just 4 or better yet, just 2 of you, your chances of getting a table is much quicker since a lot people tend to eat here with their friends and family hence the bigger group which leads to a longer wait.So right at about 11 we are being lead by our host to our table. On the way, just about every other table had big bowls of, you guess it, oxtail soup! So it looks promising at the moment. Looking over at the menu, I see a whole sorts of late night specials. Since me and my wife did not want to order two oxtail soups, she opted for the Teriyaki Beef. We decided to share our meals so we can taste at least another entree.So after about 10 minutes our we got our orders. The anticipation was overwhelming as my mouth was watering from the steam coming out of my bowl. The aroma was tantalizing and if I was sick, this would have definitely made me feel better. My wife's Teriyaki looked decent but that's not what's important right now. As I sank my soup spoon into the broth, (that's funny, while im typing this, I am slowly re-enacting the whole scene in slo-mo in my head), thoughts of great movies at their climax was going through my head while I am raising the spoon to my mouth. Then, all of a sudden like somebody scratching their long fingernails on a chalkboard.............................THE SOUP WAS TOO SALTY!Ok, you guys can stop holding your breath now. The meat from the oxtail was tender and literally fell off the bone, a sign of it being cooked properly. I threw all the cilantro and a little bit of ginger that they give you in there hoping it will negate some of the saltiness. It didnt do a damn thing. So basically im stuck with a bowl of straight salt with a little bit of water, oxtail, cilantro, ginger, and oh yeah PEANUTS! At first I thought it was garlic, (which I love), but peanuts? Does that explain why it was swimming in a broth of salt? Im guessing when you go buy peanuts at the store you get salted and unsalted. I guess I should of specified unsalted. So let me end this agonizing review with this. I will definitley give them another try and update this review accordingly. Maybe they put my soup on the counter right underneath a canister of Morton's and a few thousand granules of salt decided to escape thinking a bowl of soup would be a safe hideout for them. I hate to say this but the oxtail soup that I had at Pho 87 was way better although that place is a whole nother review. (refer to my review on that. It will definitely crack you up!)http://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-87-las-vegas#hrid:z4C9Ksv1dibqql5hhy-3ag
4	Always open and always good. Great specials and good food. Reasonable prices.
4	Like I promised I came back to give their oxtail soup a second try.Refer to my first review and stop reading it right when I taste the soup. Then go back to this spot.IT WAS NOT SALTY! Not only was it seasoned just right, but it finally justified what everyone else has been raving about! I guess the first time I had it something wrong definitely happened. Im glad I came back to verify!My wife orderd the New York Steak dinner. They cooked it medium rare just like she requested. The green beans that came with it was bland but who likes green beans anyway? Anyways, MY SINCEREST APOLOGIES TO THE MARKET STREET CAFE AND ITS EMPLOYEES FOR MY RANT IN MY FIRST REVIEW. I know I dont have to apologize for someone else's mistake, but I wanted to make sure you guys got the right review you deserve.So, yes, I will be looking forward to taking new people to your fine establishment to experience hopefully the goodness of your oxtail soup!
4	Was looking for a place for my friend and I to get a good late-night meal, and we were staying at the Golden Nugget, so this place was very convenient.Don't really have anything to add that hasn't been beaten to death by the other reviewers...  I had the Oxtail Soup because of all the recommendations, and yes, it was Da Bomb.  I will definitely come by fo it again next time I'm in Vegas.We were there shortly after midnight on Christmas Eve, and it was pretty darn busy.  Lots of Asian families, including a big 15-top right next to us, and most of them got the Oxtail Soup, too!  Best kept non-secret in Vegas, I suppose!  ; DMy friend got a Country Fried Steak dinner, and it looked fine...  the salad had almost no color at all.. pale, even for iceberg lettuce!  It was nice and cold, though, and he said it tasted fine.  We also got some pork potstickers - delicious, and some mozzerella sticks... a little undercooked.Service was pretty friendly, although it took us awhile to get our check.  I think the servers were in back exchanging Christmas gifts, and ours disappeared for awhile.  We asked the busser, and she brought us our check.Again, for a reasonably priced Red-Eye meal in the Red-Eye capital, I don't think you can go wrong here!  I will definitely visit again... maybe try the Hawaiian breakfast buffet, too.
3	Market Street Cafe - "Where the 'locals' go..." ('As in the ones from Hawai'i.) That name is about as "Hawaiian" as Lady Gaga is talented! Wha'?!!They come for the prime rib & oxtail soup! 'And not so much for the other menu items... I concur. (Unfortunately, I didn't have time to sample the prime rib.)The first morning we arrived in Vegas, we were craving oxtail soup for a late breakfast, I just started feeling a cold/flu coming on... 'But come to find out: OXTAIL SOUP & PRIME RIB  - 'Not served all day.(sigh)Bummer. 'And we had just missed their Luau Breakfast Buffet too...Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pd2Xo1WqNic9zxLTVdilGA?select=tNgY1cydFkXrCaPD2jeP1g#rDksB-YUQu92eZ71kKxMGgDouble bummer.So, I ordered a T-Bone steak, with a side order of eggs & Portugese Sausage.PS - If you like strong coffee, you'll hate this place.Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pd2Xo1WqNic9zxLTVdilGA?select=tNgY1cydFkXrCaPD2jeP1g#byztj-iy-7S8OPHtgDJmCAT-Bone Steak: 2 Stars - Dry; flavorless; grateful for A-1 Steak SaucePhoto (Steak) - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pd2Xo1WqNic9zxLTVdilGA?select=tNgY1cydFkXrCaPD2jeP1g#Y85UURz0K030mDM3kVwhgQAYCE Salad Bar: 3 Stars - Standard "All You Can Eat" farePhoto (Salad) - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pd2Xo1WqNic9zxLTVdilGA?select=hJpNoTJDkIy4INqds-olrg#ungQOMjnfME1-oUUUhnL-AEggs: 3 Stars - AveragePortuguese Sausage: 4 Stars(Side order) - Tasty; a bit overly greasyPhoto - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pd2Xo1WqNic9zxLTVdilGA?select=tNgY1cydFkXrCaPD2jeP1g#f2JiZ_OK-Q7VEPnJf-RKIACoffee: 1 Star - "Blech!; weakThe prices are good so with that in mind, you get what pay for.My cousin, SE, ordered something "healthy," cereal w/fruit. (We're in Vegas! You don't come to Sin City to indulge in Yoplait Light?! Who does that?!! Oh yeh, my weird-@ss cousin... *sigh) I'm just joking... Weirdo. 8)Customer service is comparable to a local coffee shop. Our morning waiter took the scenic route to return & take our order. It was even harder trying to get refills on our watered down coffee. (However, on that note I have to give these workers credit, it's hard work.)I asked a waitress for a different cup of coffee, thinking there may have been a fluke w/this pot... 'Nope, it's just weak-@ss coffee. A good cup of coffee makes a great first impression, bad coffee can be equally damaging.SE & I returned later that evening, still craving a piping hot bowl oxtail soup - 11:30pm. (My flu/cold starting to kick in real good, soup sounded perfect!) 'And it was! Market Street Cafe has gained some redemption.Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pd2Xo1WqNic9zxLTVdilGA?select=tNgY1cydFkXrCaPD2jeP1g#eSkE3nCuRiacOb3TL47JOQWe also ran into my uncle & aunty who had just flown in an hour before from Hawai'i for their annual "birthdays" celebration! (They too were in line @ Market Street Cafe, what are the odds?!)Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pd2Xo1WqNic9zxLTVdilGA?select=tNgY1cydFkXrCaPD2jeP1g#alBnrw3Gzf2y_c4oH3XrzwTip: Try to get there early, or else you goin' have a hefty line in front of you. No joke!Photo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pd2Xo1WqNic9zxLTVdilGA?select=tNgY1cydFkXrCaPD2jeP1g#CFQLHmAOpgrLcsoUrkmZMAAs we say back in Hawai'i, "buggah was ono!" The soup hit the spot, dead on!!Our evening waitress was much more pleasant than this morning's winners!DEFINITELY come for the oxtail soup, as well as the prime rib from the feedback by other fellow yelp*ers! If you like sample some local kine, island eats, drop by the Market Street Cafe!Big Aloha!Food: 3 (+1 Star - Oxtall soup. Otherwise, this would've been 2 Stars.)Service: 2+Ambiance: 3Value: 4
3	There's always a line here. I locked out and there was no line. I was fortunate to be able to order the Ox Tail as there they have restrictions (e.g. unable to take out, Ox Tail is a dine in dish).  They never miss, always good and great during the cold season. Just wish you could take out or have it as room service.
4	I have always had a special place in my heart for the California Hotel. This uncontrollable draw to the hotel must be because of my Japanese side.  Even though I have been a frequent visitor to the Hotel, I have never really tried any of the restaurants inside the hotel besides Aloha Specialties.  Thanks to the player's club card, I received an amazing coupon that helped push me to explore what else the California has to offer.  My coupon gave me and my lucky husband a free $30 meal at one of the restaurants inside.  Thanks to Yelp I decided to cash the deal on Market Street Cafe.  My husband and I both ended up ordering the Prime Rib Dinner for $9.99.  I won't lie at first I was a little sad that I couldn't get the Ox Tail Soup barbecue they didn't serve it until later, but when I realized what a great deal the Prime Rib was I quickly got over the feeling.  This dinner not only comes with a healthy serving of prime rib with green beans and a potato (or rice), but you also get an unlimited salad bar and ice cream for dessert.  Granted my stomach really couldn't fit the ice cream at the end, but it is nice to have the option.I would have give then that last star, but there is always a line and they have a lot of time restrictions on some of the meals.  Also, don't be fooled by a short line because the line moves painfully slow. This is especially true when you are super hungry, so try to plan accordingly
4	Come here for the graveyard specials!They have cheap eats, including full breakfast for $3.99, chicken fingers/fries for about the same, and of course, the Oxtail Soup!  11pm till ???Oxtail soup is a generous portion for only $9.99!  I think there was about 4 large bones with plenty of meat and a side of rice.  Super tender meats and the broth is yummy.The banana fritters is a good dessert...fried banana wonton like items, with icecream and fresh bananas....and some caramel type drizzle!  Very good, and it's only about $3-4.Service is lacking here...you'll get your order quickly, but almost every time we are here, the servers aren't very friendly, don't offer refills, and are not very personable.  So minus one star...but still a great spot to hit late night!Give it a go!  It's worth the haste of parking downtown :)
3	OK service. Good varieties.. Great salad bar..Mediocre prime rib special. It has really gone down hill in serving size and quality.. I'm a regular in this casino..  It used to be a must eat thing when I visited here, something to look forward to in the past. Sad........Everything else is still not bad... If  you can avoid the 10-11pm crowd coming in from Hawaii... You can still get a decent/quick bite if you don't want to spend too much time eating buffet..Overall, still recommended...
4	Try their butterfish special. Watch out for the small bones. Other than that it's very tender and juicy! Surprisingly their chinese chicken salad had a lot of meat and their sauce was amazing. I was surprised that I was so full from just the salad itself. The ambiance is really nice. Although you have to wait 10 minutes, it's worth it for their delicious specials!
3	Comfort food...something a little different than Aloha Specialties upstairs.Came here yesterday w/my parents for lunch. I thought I was in a restaurant at the Ala Moana Center or something. The place was busy but we only waited 10 minutes before we were seated. Dad ordered the Island rib and mom ordered the battered orange roughy  from their Saturday menu while I ordered a cheese burger w/fries which was actually bigger and tasted better than I expected. Our meal came in at just under $27. The service was ok...waitress took our drink order and waiter took our food order. Once we finished our meals I thought about ordering dessert but no one came back to our table to ask if we wanted any since the check was left at our table while we were eating. I supposed I should have spoken up when the check was dropped off but I had a mouthful of cheese burger at the time. I would come back again but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
4	I have good memories of this place as a kid. My uncle used to take me here late at night and we'd always order the oxtail soup after patiently waiting in a long line. Hands down, best oxtail soup in town (next to my mom's oxtail soup, of course). Rich in flavor with lots of veggies and tender, meaty beef. Sure, it's been a while but can't forget how delicious this stuff was. I participated in the Color Run over the weekend and went to Market Street Cafe in the California Hotel by the recommendation of a friend. Located on the first floor, this place is easy to find. The restaurant is really big with ample seating. Those in my group were craving breakfast food. One ordered steak and eggs, the other ordered a breakfast special. It was your typical breakfast, nothing extraordinary. But what was awesome were the prices! They also have daily specials, which I opted to get. I ordered the Island Short Ribs for $7.95. It's a large serving of braised short ribs in their absolutely delicious sauce. Fell right off the bone and not overly sweet. A side of veggies, brown rice and macaroni salad also came with the dish. I'm picky about my macaroni salad, but Market Street Cafe does an amazing job to get the macaroni salad just right. I hear that the oxtail soup is still served during late night hours. I hope I remember to go during a night out in the near future.
4	Can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review for Market Street cafe. I've been coming here since the Prime Rib special was $6.95, but now it's gone up to $8.95. It's still a great deal with the all you can eat salad bar, prime rib, and cherries jubilee for desert. Sometimes the prime rib is hit or miss with the quality, but it's all still edible. Other hawaiian offerings include butterfish, saimin, wonton soup, and the famous late night Oxtail soup (11pm -11am). Also, give the banana fritters a try for dessert. It'll make your stomach feel satisfied, happy, and wishing you didn't share.
3	**Summary**       - Specials - Cal Prime Rib is good till 11pm. After that, most poeple get the Oxtail soup for their late night specials.       - Prime Rib and Steak - Better get it medium rare or below or it'll probably be pretty dry.       - Line - During rush hour, there is a pretty lengthy line. I'd recommend coming right before or after that.**Ordered**       - $9.99 CAL Prime Rib - Decent Prime rib for the price. Served with salad bar, side, and their cherries jubilee dessert. This is a very popular choice since their salad bar and dessert are so good.       - $14.50 One Pound T-Bone Steak - Served with salad bar and side. It's a large steak for the price. It's not top notch, but I'd get it again. **Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a cheap bite to eat. Value over quality is what you're getting here.
4	If you need a hawaiian style food fix at an obscure hour, this place is open all day. Located in the Cal(California Hotel), it's their late night food place. Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is by no means cushy, but its homely and warm. They have daily specials on various items throughout the week. Love the $6.25 breakfast buffet with all the 'local kine grindz' one would be familiar with coming from Hawaii. I lost count on how many times I've been here already since I get alot of friends from Hawaii who stay there when visiting Vegas.Their service is good, you can feel the aloha spread all around. Even if you have no idea what Hawaiian style food is but are curious. And if you're willing to make the trip to downtown Vegas, this wouldn't be a bad place to sample a few without breaking the bank.
4	Drinking on Fremont Street and visiting the California Hotel for oxtail soup has become synonymous with each other. Nothing beats a large steaming bowl of meaty broth on a cold night either. The added garnishes of chopped ginger, fresh garlic, and cilantro makes the broth better. For such a complex dish, it is a bummer that the liquid tastes like straight up beef broth from the store. Other than that, the whole experience was great. The Asian fried chicken was moist and flavorful. It comes with a side of vegetables and a choice of carb. The NY steak is nothing to right home about and was not cooked to our specification, but it was decent. I would suggest one of the two first items.The service is attentive and quick. We were able to get in and out within an hour. The best part is that three meals cost a total of $26. Late night menus are the best to soak up all the alcohol and prevent hangovers.
4	Breakfast is always reliable here.  The omelets are always made just as ordered, the California Ham and Eggs has a nice big slice of ham again (got small for a while but back to size now - at a premium price too) and you can get raisin toast instead of white or wheat, a nice touch.
5	This place is truly a hidden gem located in Downtown Las Vegas.  They serve delicious food at rock bottom pricing!  Even if I'm staying at a 5 Star Resort, I take the trip to the Market Street Cafe to get a feeling of what old time Vegas was like.  The staff is very friendly and hard working.  The restaurant itself is very clean and spacious.  You come in hungry and leave fully satisfied.  I highly recommend their Steak and Eggs as well as their Tocino and eggs specials.  Most guests stop by late night for their Oxtail Soup.  I have yet to try it but eventually will.  I actually started salivating while writing this review.... hahaha  can't wait to get back.
4	This place is the hallmark place to get oxtail soup in Vegas, and a home away from home for 9th islanders (Hawai'i to Vegas). The food is always good, they have excellent service (the staff is friendly & attentive), it's fairly priced, and I feel like I'm back in the islands. Being here makes me less home sick. :) For some reason I really liked their pancakes, it was light and fluffy. It satisfied my craving for some form of cake. This is a go to spot for me when I'm downtown, eating with family or bringing my Hawai'i family and friends here when they come to visit. It's the lure of the oxtail that keeps me coming back to this place, although I don't always order it.  I've had the Oxtail soup which is pretty large, at least for me. It's a bummer the price went up :(, $9.99. They have to keep their business going somehow right? There are late night specials and a breakfast buffet which are pretty decent. The Reuben sandwich which is actually pretty good here in my opinion (i really liked it compared to other places). No complaints about food, food is pretty decent. The salad bar is good too, but it sucks that its only available during certain times.
4	For the past 10 years, it has become tradition for us to come here each time we're in Vegas and we ARE in Vegas at least twice a year. What we come here for?? OXTAIL Soup! Served only from 11pm to 6am, the soup is just the perfect way to end a long night of partying in Vegas. It's a simple beef broth cooked with tender oxtail, carrots, celery, and peanuts. What makes this dish superb?? Cilantro, ginger bits, and Kikkoman soy sauce. Eat your meat and soup as you would with rice but add the seasonings on top of it. Ooh la la! It makes all the difference! It is served with two small cups of rice on the side but the bowl of soup itself is huge and can be shared by two people. Imagine what great value this was years ago when they were serving it for $5! Now it costs $10..hey, blame it on the economy! Nonetheless, it's still a pretty good deal. Oxtail soup is not the only good thing here. They have quite an extensive menu of breakfast options that are of great value, too. SERVICE: We already know most of the servers here by face and they are always prompt and quick despite the unholy hours to be working. There can be a line to get a table but don't fret, it moves pretty quickly. Until our next Vegas trip...Mahalo!
4	A good cheap diner type restaurant in Las Vegas.The prime rib special was actually quite good
4	When we're in town we like to come here for the breakfast they have the best pancake ever it's always cooked perfectly light golden, taste so yummy!!! We also get the breakfast buffet and thats pretty good too. The Steak special is also really good & cooked perfect. Oxtail soup is the best, but you have to get here early.
4	Hands down one of the best Oxtail soups I've had!Matter of fact the only Oxtail soup I've ever had!  Haha! I know I'm not pure Asian I guess.  Just my DNA says I am!  Regardless, my bro was raving about this place months before our trip to Vegas.  So I had to try it.  Needless to say, it was yummy and phenomenal!  Oxtail is very fatty and gelatinous so if you can't handle that then this soup isn't for you. Oxtails have strong muscle fibers thus the meat itself, when slow cooked for a period of time comes out perfectly tender.  The broth is what really kicked it into gear for me.  Very beefy at least 10x more then regular beef stew I would say.  With some salt, pepper, and mixed vegetables this bowl of scrumptious soup was out of this world - well at least you can get it at one place!  The place itself is inside the California Hotel off Fremont.  Very dingy and old hotel with coin slot machines; for the kids, coin slot machines predated paper money or voucher slots.  You can even stick them into what we call "Pay Phones" and make calls!  Who knew!  You get the point.  This place isn't full of bang and glam, but for a quick cheap play and some good ass Oxtail soup, it's worth the travel off the main strip - Enjoy!
2	mediocre food and terrible service
4	Cheap prime rib special. Good for the price. When it's busy, it'll be a little wait. Other than that the food is good.
5	Graveyard menu is the best here!!By far the best Oxtail Soup here!  They start to serve is at 11pm-6pm or until the run out for the night.  I did come once really late and they ran out of it.  If you decide to come at 11pm...you should come a little earlier.  There is always a long line for Oxtail Soup right at 11pm.  The broth is so flavorful and the meat just falls off the bone!  Writing this review is making me want to have a bowl now!   I wish there was a place here that makes the oxtail soup as good as this place.
5	All I can say is OX TAIL SOUP!!!! So worth the wait when there's a long line. Was at The Cal a week ago. It was a must have. If you haven't tried it... TRY IT!!  My girlfriend  never had OX tail soup and was hesitant but my mom and I talked her into trying it, and now she can't stop talking about it. And that was 3 yrs ago. Will be back in August for more.
4	I made a lot of mistakes in Vegas. I'd say my number 2 mistake was NOT getting to Market Street Cafe at the right time (11APM - 9AM?) to try their oxtail soup!My party and I rolled in hungover and hungry around 9AM. By that time, the last call for ox tail soup had already been heralded and so we were SOL.I ended up  ordering the Combination Siamin: The saimin was good. The broth wasn't too salty, there were a lot of goodies in it including kamaboko, char-siu, spinach, and some other stuff I can't remember. I couldn't finish the broth but I just about finished all the noodles. The waitress was nice enough to bring me some chili (sambal) sauce so I could make it spicy to my liking. My bf and his friends ordered the breakfast buffet, which was a deal at $6.25 and the buffet included: corned beef hash (the canned variety), bacon, biscuits and gravy (good!), eggs, sausage, french toast, and a good assortment of other breakfast items including fresh fruit.This is a great place if you are looking to spend under $10 for breakfast buffet, OR, if you are really drunk in the middle of the night and just need some soup (which is always the case with me!). I realized this is the best place to eat anytime in DTLV for cheap since they are open 24/7.
4	Oxtail soup!! Forget Pho after a late night of drinking and partying, try some of their specialty oxtail soup! Definitely will sober that Ass up so you won't be too hungover the next day. (now you can drink all night and do it again!)This place is located in the California Hotel in olddd asss Vegas.  The side where all the newbies to Vegas rarely visit, or probably don't even know about. The restaurant has a good menu selection, American food, Hawaiian and even Filipino items. Great late night eats.  We went to this spot two nights in a row.  Each night I tried different things but my group got the oxtail soup both nights!                                                                First night I had the steak and eggs. 8 oz.  Is what was advertised for the steak but when I got it, I swear they must've weighed it on a broken scale.  That thing was a snack for me. The second night I opted for a pastrami sandwich, they got that on point.Maybe next time I'll actually try their oxtail soup. I have no clue why I didn't get, I mean it must have been worth it since we went their two nights in a row for it. Oxtail runs ya about 10 bucks a bowl. Served with rice. Vegas: get drunk, dance the night away, get drunk some more. Get oxtail soup. Sleep and repeat.
2	As everyone suggests the Oxtail soup is very good as my wife tried and liked, not loved. I had a steak that had more gristle then meat. Horrible steak.
2	This place makes me appreciate Yassou, the only respectable Greek restaurant in the city somehow."Expensive" is the only taste left in my mouth from this place. I'd go as far as to say that should follow up "umami" in the list of taste buds. The food is mediocre and small in portion while retaining the price of $8-12/plate. That's ridiculous. I think one skewer of lamb plus a bit of rice and a couple sliced tomatoes was around $8. A mediocre gyro was around the same. Four falafels of questionable quality were around $5-6.Avoid this. Also, if you wander in here by accident and think, "this looks a lot like Pei Wei..." that's because it was. Useless info of the day, complete!
3	When I don't know where else to go and I'm hungry I came here. I had their coupon book and ordered whatever had the litlle pineapple next to them.I really liked their food. That's why I didn't mind not spending money here. Didn't get the chance to order the oxtail soup unfortunately.Since I ordered food that had the palm tree, it came with a drink so I ordered that any chance I got.The dessert that came with the special is awesome.Sometimes workers are slow on getting refills for drinks and can be forgetful. During peak hours the line can get super long. Other than that, there isn't much of a wait for a table.
3	Known for the awesome oxtail soup. Only served 11pm-9am. The place is always packed. They serve Hawaiian/Filipino dishes as well. Every time were in Vegas we have to come here as part of the list.
2	Monkey had to see what all the fuss was about on the OXTAIL SOUP.  Great broth, slightly salty and yes, lots of meat.  A bowl with at least 4 tail bones encased in meat.  Maybe if Monkey had been drinking too much, sure.  (Insert screeching brakes sound here)... Found a small hair after devouring half the bowl.  Server says they "go through this every night - a small hair is part of the marrow."  Mmmmkay..... then brought out another bowl.  which Monkey carefully searched and ate.  Wife's WON TON MIN was so so and buddy's CHICKEN STRIPS were chicken strips.  As for all the HYPE...  Sure, lots of meat, but Monkey's been to a Pho place where one tail bone included more meat than this bowl and no hair.  Ever!  Open 24/7.  Good for after hours eating.  Only.
5	I seem to always win when I'm in downtown Vegas. so I have to get over to the Cal and have breakfast at Market Street.   They had the graveyard special for the Oxtail soup which ended at 9 am.  I go there right at 9 am and I begged the server to please ask if they had any left.  Yes, I got my Oxtail soup fix and this time I also got it with brown rice. Note:  Oxtail soup contains peanuts.
1	Located in the California casino, the cafe seems to be a favorite for the guests of Hawaii.  It's cheap and the food quality is average at best.  Hawaiians notoriously have no gauge when it comes to the quality of food, so I can see why they like this place.  You can get some standard Hawaiian type dishes.  The only thing that seems edible is the Loco Moco, but a better version of it can be had at Egg & I.
1	Our waitress was great! Service was not the reason for the bad experience. The one star stems from first off, charging us $2 for sharing when we had 4 orders. C'mon now. I get if a party of four order 1-2 oxtail soup and share, I can understand that. But we had four orders of food, and you tack that on without a mention? You bet we had a talk with the supervisor about it to remove that. The supervisor was very rude about it after.Secondly, the steak and eggs that my boyfriend got was gross. The steak is comparable to golden corral and legit tastes like ass once swallowed. My boyfriend also threw up after eating it. Third, oxtail soup was good but not so amazing to bring me back here. We went to Orleans the next day as they now served oxtail soup late night as well. The broth at Orleans was much better.Waited in line for a good 30 minutes before getting seated in this empty restaurant just to be charged for unreasonable fees and eat ass steak. No thanks.
4	This place reminds me of Denny's: good comfort food at decent prices. I think their best value is their breakfast buffet for $6.25 per person. You can't beat that. Even though the selection is smaller than the big hotels, it has everything you need including unlimited coffee and juices. It's such a great deal! Their bacon, sausage, and corn beef hash are delicious. This cafe is one of the only few places that serve corn beef hash and they make it just the way I like it. Also, their oxtail soup is good. I minus one star because the fries came out cold and stale. But after informing the server, she immediately gave us fresh ones and apologized (which wasn't her fault). Our server was great.
4	Best Late night Ox tail soup in downtown Las Vegas
5	Their ox tail soup is good as always
5	Off the beaten track of the strip but Great OXTAIL SOUP for the 4AM Drunk!! The EndPS: they have TOSILOG too.
1	This place isn't good. Not sure how it averages 4 stars. Service not good, messed up orders, and slow. The food is way below average. I gave it a 1 start because that is the lowest I could give.
4	I always stay at the Cal during the LVI tournament. One of our traditions is to always end up at Market Street, eating oxtail soup, at some point during the night. It's amazing and worth the wait if you get there during the dinner rush.. But it's equally good in the middle of the night! :)
1	went there today for lunch and it was HORRIBLE....the hostess was great took us straight to our seats along with 3 other sets of customers...the other three sets got their drinks and food before anyone even came over to help us...I ordered the two cheese mushroom burger with onion rings...20 minutes later here comes my food...1 type of cheese, cold burger, NO onion rings...and my refill of pepsi was rootbeer. when i said um these are fries the waitress said oh we dont have onion rings. The fries tasted like it was sitting on the counter for a while. Needless to say we left no tip and well not go back.
4	I honestly think Market Street Cafe deserves a solid 4 stars. The menu here is pretty decent. I've been coming here for years now and I've always had a good meal here. ===Service===The service here can be lacking sometimes, but for the most part it's pretty good. All the staff is friendly, but sometimes they forget about your table and you have to kind of flag them down. The food always comes out pretty quick so if they seem like they are taking a while you should check on your order. ===Food===Oxtail soup: By far the best oxtail soup that I've had. The broth is delicious here! I definitely recommend getting this here.Steak & eggs: Surprisingly a very tender piece of meat with 2 eggs, toast and your choice of rice or hash browns. The steak was around 6 oz. so it's a little on the smaller side, but it was very good. Prime rib dinner: The prime rib was pretty good for the price. You definitely can't complain when it comes to this entree. AYCE salad bar: Your typical salad bar with all the toppings. Make sure you wear some loose pants! I highly recommend eating here if you get hungry and need a snack break in between gambling. It's delicious! Enjoy!
5	I'm home now, writing this review and I my mouth is salivating thinking about the oxtail soup.  This was the first time I have ever had it, and I am I will never have it as good again.  You have to get there early...  like 2230 (1030 pm) in order to not have to wait in the long line.  Let me tell you, the line is ridiculous by 2300 (11 pm).  We got there at 2300 (11 pm) and we had about an hour wait.  It's all for the SOUP!  This was by far one of the best meals we had in Vegas.
2	I've been a loyal fan of this place for over 10 years.What happened to your Prime Rib???? It was so awful, me and the others in my party took a few bites and did not eat it. First off, it was disgustingly salty as if we put a spoon full of salt in our mouths. Second of all, it was obvious that you went to a lower grade meat. I do NOT call this slab of meat Prime Rib. It was like some nasty slab of meat that could not even be cut w a knife. All of the people in our party agreed. We complained to the waiter who then told us we were not the first people to complain that night and that many others complained as well. What did he do? He took the prime rib off our bill and charged us for "all you can eat salad bar" that came with the prime rib. Whoop di do!! Prime rib is $9.99, all you can eat salad bar is just a few dollars less. I've been getting your prime rib every year for the past 10 years and it's obvious this is NOT the same grade of meat, it honestly tasted like Ass.I gave stars because the ox tail soup reminds outstanding. The mahi mahi was still outstanding as well.A big fat zero to no longer having daily specials we could use our Hawaiian Package coupons on where Vacations Hawaii advertises "free meals." These are all gone. Now, coupons only can be used for breakfast and saimin. Boo!  Customers notice when you cut costs like this.
3	I came in for the ox tail soup!  They give you a lot of meat!  I enjoyed it.  If you are alone, you can skip the line and sit at the counter.  Good service, but not spectacular.
3	I come here for the OXTAIL SOUP or if I have a night out with my friends downtown, this is the place to go to afterwards.Management at this place is a joke. Some of the workers aren't the nicest people also. I went here last night, and there was a total of 4 of us. We ordered one oxtail soup, a side of fries, and a side of bacon since we weren't super hungry. We asked for an extra plate, and the server told us it was $2 for an extra empty plate. So we just said.. "Oh ok, never mind then. Thanks." So my one friend ended up finishing the oxtail soup. Ok, no big deal. Of course when we get our check, they end up charging us the $2 for the extra plate that we never got. Immediately we brought that up to our server especially if we didn't even end up sharing. I can tell that she didn't wanna deal with it. Right away, she asked us if we wanted to talk to the manager. We addressed the issue to the manager. She said (I kid you not), "Nope. Sorry, you're gonna have to pay for it. There's 4 of you and 1 entree."...... and she walks away. I know that it's only $2, and I wouldn't have minded. It was the way that they approached us that frustrated us. After coming here quite often, I would say that I am satisfied with the service half the time, and the other half, we end up walking out pissed off....... But we still come back for the oxtail soup!
4	Oxtail Soup.  Enough said.  However since people usually like to learn more about places like this, I'll continue on.TIP:  Show up early to avoid waiting in line.Once seated you'll see a lot of other options like chicken fingers and steak and eggs BUT REMEMBER, you are coming here because you WANT oxtail soup.  Then again this is not to demeanor the other food on menu.  It's this particular dish that stands out but also MAKE SURE YOU SHOW UP AT GRAVEYARD HOURS IN ORDER FOR OXTAIL SOUP TO BECOME AVAILABLE.  If you don't know what that means and you've been going to Vegas, please ask a friend.Other than that, happy hunting for some real awesome food in Vegas.
4	Pretty much you know what you're getting and expecting if you go to this cafe in the Cali.
4	If u come here on grave until 7am ask for Joy...great server....having saimin and Portuguese Sausage and scramble eggs....of course with rice... ono after a night out.
4	I mainly come here for the oxtail soup. Boytoy gets the Philippine breakfast. Had the Loco Moco in the past which is just soso. The oxtail soup is only served between 11 PM and 9 AM so there are always drunkards roaming around. Go earlier to beat the drunken clubbing crowd. On our most recent visit, some drunk lady was raving about how awesome her Otterbox phone case was and then chucked her phone at the glass display case in the front. The place briefly went silent as everybody looked in shock and wondered if that really just happened. That was too hilarious and I'm glad the phone didn't shatter the glass.I always get friendly service here.Minus one star because: THEY DO NOT HAVE SRIRACHA HERE!! I repeat.. NO SRIRACHA!! That is all.
3	Everyone who stays in Downtown has eaten here right?  I feel like I'm at ZIppy's when I dine here.  I have a few favorites: Eggs Benedict, Miso Butterfish, Prime Rib, and the Oxtail Soup!!!  Service is ok.  Either go early or off times to avoid waiting in a long line.
4	Located in the California Hotel & Casino.  I try to come here whenever I'm in town to get my oxtail soup fix.  It's a Hawaiian staple, that I believe the best is only found here!  Just a warning though, if you're coming by, be prepared to wait.  Depends on what time you come, the wait could be almost 30 minutes to an hour, maybe even longer! My friends and I usually alternate waiting in line.  Let them go and gamble while someone stands and waits.  All in all, it is sooooo worth the wait.  They've got other yummy items on the menu too!  I liked the tocino (filipino bacon) and eggs, and short ribs too!If you're from Hawaii and have never been, you need to come and give this place a try. You won't be disappointed!  Heck, you might even run into someone you know!  =)
4	This is a great late night spot located in the California Hotel. If you're a fan of ox tail soup, you'll love this place. The oxtail soup is only served late night and the entire menu has Hawaiian/Filipino influence. This place is so well known for their ox tail soup that if you check-in on Facebook, it will say it's the HOME OF THE OXTAIL SOUP. Tips: 1. Be prepared to wait in line. 2. Get your oxtail soup without peanuts. 3. Don't forget to get your parking ticket validated.
4	The queue was long, the place looks rundown, nevertheless, the oxtail soup was good not great, but it was worth the wait and hype
4	Oxtail soup, oxtail soup, oxtail soup.
4	The best deal for breakfast! $6.95 for the luau buffet, you get the buffet, coffee and a Hawaiian sun juice. So worth it! Portuguese sausage corned beef hash bacon and my favorite, the soft scrambled eggs. Lots of other stuff too, but those are what I come here for.
2	Just not very good but inexpensive. Basically its like a fast food place that you sit down at. There are LOTS better places down town, I would check any of those out over this place. Servers are not friendly so if you are looking for that, this isn't the place. Food did come quickly though, which was nice.
3	It's about one star for service, five stars for food. So I guess that puts it right in the middle at a solid three. The Market Street Cafe welcomes you in "Denny's style" dining where a hostess seats you on vinyl or you can belly up to the counter. You pay at the cashier on your way out. Late-night dining alone, I chose the counter and took advantage of their after hours menu (which is heavily discounted). I don't remember specific prices just that they were very low. I'd always heard about the Hawaiian specialty, Oxtail soup. So I ordered a bowl of that and sat back to see what might come to me. I had visions of a HUGE ox head impaled on porcelain in the middle of my bowl. Perhaps still moving, even looking at me. "Where you from?" Ollie the Ox would ask. "Ummmm...Co-Co-Colorado," I would answer nervously, looking around to see if anyone noticed me talking to an ox in the bowl. "Hmpf," he'd reply in a huff. "Must be nice. I'm from Hawaii but they BUTCHERED me and send me to YOUR FREAKIN' BOWL! All for $5.99! You have penny???"At that, the ox would lunge across the counter at my throat, and...Okay so that didn't happen (see photo). Out came a harmless, sizable bowl of stew complete with tasty ox, vegetables, and other spices. It was very good and I'll be back to order another. It comes with a side of rice and fresh ginger, all in all a whole meal - not just a soup.  It took a while to get my check so I could pay. Meanwhile, another guy got tired of sitting there waiting to order so he left in disgust. Only when I stood up as if I was going to leave did someone come over and present the check to me. Okay so what did I expect for a few bucks? Ruths Chris servers? No big deal really. Just be prepared.  It's all good and I recommend giving it a shot if you're ever near the California Hotel & Casino. Just watch out for that ox.
4	I've been here a couple times in the past, but never cared for it. Even for the "Hawaiian" fare, it was all just a shrug. I know everyone raves about their Oxtail Soup, but I haven't had it. It's not one of my favorite dishes (even when my mom makes it). Anyway, I have visited twice recently because my brother has been receiving dining comps and I rarely say "no" to a free meal.During my first re-visit, our sister joined us and we ordered various breakfast and dinner options. I had a hankering for Corned Beef Hash (the non-homemade type), so I ordered it with eggs. Canned corned beef hash is so wrongfully tasty. I seriously don't understand my taste for it (or Spam), but I know that other people who grew up in Hawaii understand. Anyway, it's nothing spectacular and it's unfortunately salty, so it needs rice (which sucks since it already has starch from the potatoes!). My sister ordered a Loco Moco, another popular dish in Hawaii made of rice, hamburger patty, eggs, and brown gravy. I don't eat this dish often, but it's still enjoyable when it's made well. This particular one wasn't very good, mostly due to the substandard gravy. We all chose the AYCE salad bar as well since it was so inexpensive ($5.95). It's not expansive, but completely worth it.The second time, my brother and I decided to try their Breakfast Buffet for $6.25/person (6AM - 11AM). SIX DOLLARS AND TWENTY-FIVE CENTS!!! That is insanely cheap. Completely ridiculous and awesome. They offer scrambled eggs, rice, Portuguese sausage, bacon, grilled ham, biscuits with sausage gravy, corned beef hash, hash browns, French toast, various canned fruits, and a few other items. One plate of rice, eggs, and just five pieces of Portuguese sausage would cost you more than $6.25 at another restaurant. It's a crazy deal. Oh, and you also get free juice with your buffet. A can of Hawaiian Sun juice? YES PLEASE! I also took home an order of Zippy's chili and rice which was cool that they have it. I used to love Zippy's chili, but it's not something I crave anymore.Okay, so the food isn't top notch and I thought I was going to have a heart attack just by looking at the breakfast buffet (seriously though, the red heat lamps are slightly blinding) - where are the vegetables?! But for the value, my goodness, it is worth just the few good things they offer! Just beware the hash brown...it was disgustingly dry and tasteless. Oh, and it's really difficult to screw up bacon, so you're safe there!For a really inexpensive "Hawaii Eats" meal for any hour of the day, this is worth visiting. Just leave your expectations at the door and trust me, you'll have a good time.
1	Been here once a few years ago; didn't have a good experience then but my family and I gave it another try. This is the LAST TIME!Hostess: rude & unpleasant...she didn't seem to enjoy her job! What a shame!Waitress: no patience, lack of communication & outlandishly RUDE. She lacks the understanding of her customer's special requests.The food was alright, not the best but decent enough to consume.
5	Came here last weekend with the family because I've been craving for some mahi mahi for awhile. We ordered 2 mahi mahi dinners, butterfish, and chilli with spaghetti. Mahi mahi was good as always! Great portions 2 people can share a plate, but leftovers taste just as good the next day. The butterfish was great, especially because the portion was bigger than it was in the past. It was the frat time we ordered chilli. Can't go wrong with that either. After all, it's Zippys! Can't believe we didn't know  that after all year years.. Oh, and to top things off we ordered a hot fudge sundae. It was great! My 3 year old ate most if it though lol. Service was good also. The waiter was very friendly
4	Came here on our first night at Downtown Grand Hotel. It was late and this was the only place open and it was within walking distance. We had the prime rib special at $9.99!!!Juicy, tender and cooked right. Not as thick as normal prime ribs but it was good enough for me! Came with baked potatoes, squash soup, and cherries jubilee (sooooo goood!!!!). Oxtail soup was sinfully delicious! So tender the meat falls off the bone and tendon GLORIOUS tendons!!!!!!! Comes in a huge plastic bowl with rice on the side. Available only after 11pm and it costs 9.99Try the French Toast! It's big, oily and DELICIOUS!! Lol! Dunk it in the pancake syrup! Heaven! The pancakes was HUGE but not as soft and fluffy as I like it. Overall, a great find. We came here twice and the old casino atmosphere we got while strolling back to our hotel was priceless. Thank you Vegas!
3	It's a buffet. I've lived here 40 years and am floored by how much buffets cost now days and Main Street Station is a good alternative to the $45 buffet. Not sure I'll ever pay that for a Vegas buffet. But maybe I'm missing out on something. Of course this is coming from someone that loved the $1.99, $2.99, $4.99 Circus Circus buffet from back in the day when the Dunes was still around.
5	Great place to eat and the Soup is well worth the wait! Dont miss it. This beats the the noodle exchange soup hands down.
4	Needed a late night meal after a night of boozing, and after losing money at slots (not at the casino if you catch my drift) we needed somewhere cheap and good. Then I remembered this tried and true place at the Cal.Been coming here many times and this place never fails me. Food doesn't blow you out of the water, but it will leave your tummy and your wallets full.Ordered the famous oxtail soup and chili rice. Weird combo huh. The oxtail is just plain goodness. And its the perfect remedy to neutralize the alcohol in the tummy. The chili with rice is your basic Zippys mix, and hits the spot. Always ono.The lines can get super long so come at off times or be patient. And word to the wise, your entire party must be present to be seated.Good eats!
3	Local food done ok, it's been awhile since I've been here. Portions seem to be a bit smaller though. Saimin not a lot of noodles or much of the other items that go with it. I was still hungry, but didn't want to order more.
5	This place is a hidden gem. Not a lot of people who go to vegas know about this cafe ! All the staff is always friendly and quick to help . The oxtail soup is delicious ! I get it Everytime I come here .  It is only served after 11pm but it is so worth the wait ! Especially after a long night of binge drinking .
5	Hawaiian and Asian influenced joint, great for after hours food fix. Renowned for their beef Oxtail Soup. I also order their filipino breakfast and the spam and eggs. Portions are the main deal breaker for me in deciding on weather I return to eat in an establishment and so far I've frequented this place 4 times. Love it here!
5	This place brings back so many memories, I've been coming here since I was a kid. On my most recent trip I ate here about 4 times haha. The butterfish is so good, with a huge piece, its served only at 4pm to 10pm tho, part of the dinner special. The oxtail soup is awesome too, but only served during graveyard 11 pm to 9 am. I had the won ton min as well, I think the use S&S saimin, but its ok, was still good. The Sirloin and Eggs wasn't as good as I remembered, a litte tough. Not much has changed during the 20 years I've been coming here, I really like that. My favorites as a kid were the California Ham breakfast and the chicken fingers. During specials times just be aware that there is a line of Hawaii people waiting to use their Vacations Hawaii coupons. Worth the wait though. It was a treat for my Hawaii family now on the mainland. My friend from Vegas said he comes to Market Street for late night diner-style food, he said the graveyard special Banana Fritters are bomb. Always a must for me when in Vegas!
4	Hawaiian eats in Las Vegas. Located in the back of the California Hotel. Line is always pretty long. Line speed is hit or miss. It moves quick then it stops for like 15 minutes. Service was good. Oxtail Soup- $9.99 - Lived up to the hype! Cures any hangover! Warning served from 11pm-9am sharp. After 9am you cant order it! Meat falls off the bone and the broth is super flavorful. Morning Steak Deal - $5.99 - Was blah, but what can you pay for . GET THE OXTAIL!!!
4	prime rib dinner is the best here for the price, you get soup or salad bar, and dessert. I am trying the fried chicken for the first time, they said it is homemade not frozen so let's see.!.... wait for it.....
2	This used to be my go to spot.  But today it was terrible.  The rice in the loco moco was definitely old and taste rotten. I couldn't even eat it. Had to spit it out. The wonton min soup was disappointing. The wonton wrapper was old and pasty. It disintegrated in my mouth. That's not supposed to happen.
1	Service is always great here! I don't know what happened but visited 04/14/14 for breakfast. Host was really nice and friendly. Server took our drink order, and got it wrong. Never saw him again. Waitress never greeted us OR came to take our order, so we decided on the breakfast buffet. Half way through our meal, she grabbed out menus off the table and sat our check on the table then walked away. She still hasn't said hello or good morning to us!!!!  NO ONE ever came up to us and checked on how things were going or even offered a refill on our wrong drinks. POOR, POOR SERVICE!!!
5	The 5 stars is for our server named Sandy who did an INCREDIBLE job in customer service, she was the ONLY one in the ENITRE establishment that had a cheerful attitude everyone else looked like they didn't want to be there. They needed to fix da face. Salad bar was very fresh. My father ordered some liver plate and my father is a hard man to please when it comes to food and a doesn't say much, but he couldn't shut his mouth about how perfect it was made and apparently they are known for their liver. The food is comfort food so not bad. I' am very happy Sandy came in the time she did. Beautiful lady.
4	This stay da kine - California Hotel, bra. You can check it out any time you like but then you no like leave. Or something li'dat. Was one song by Da Egos from way back when - da kine - hanabata daze. So me and my friend we was walking around da Fremont Street Experience one afternoon and we also when check out da Zappos neighborhood cuz my friend went read about 'em in one magazine and he stay curious, ah? He stay akamai li'dat. Me? I no care what they write about in WEIRD magazine about computer kine stuff. Nevermind dat - this blala stay hungry. I kept asking "when we going eat, bra?" So I finally told him I need to eat now bumbai I goin' pass out. So we got to da California Hotel and we saw da kine Aloha Specialties. My friend went suggest that but I said Nah - laters with dat kine place. I like go buffet, bra. I like eat plenty kine. Bigger bang for da buck for dis blala. So we when go da kine Market Street Cafe. They get da kine food you can get in Hawaii, bra. I got lumpia, portagee sausage, and all kine Japanese and Chinese food. They even get manapua but da manapua stay all buss up li'dat. Small kine too. And then I went back for one 'nother plate and dis time got popolo kine food - collared greens, black-eyed peas, and yams. Was good - dis blala was satisfied. Opu filled to da max, I no shit you, bra. Service? Ah - shitty, bra. Da old lady waitress went give my friend stinkeye and went ignore him when he ask for one refill, bra. I no shit you. I was goin' give five stars cuz of da ono local kine food all in one place but because of da service - suffa, bra! I went cockaroach da extra star.
4	Located in The California Hotel, you'll find Market Street Cafe.  The Cal is a landmark for many Hawaii visitors and Market Street Cafe is the "go to" restaurant for the locals who now lives on the mainland.  Great selections of Hawaii style food but most importantly, this is where you get the famous "Oxtail Soup."  The Oxtail Soup is offered only during certain hours so make sure you check the time before going there: 11PM - 9AM.  Talk about delicious "ONO" and mouth watering.  It hits the spot after a long night of drinking and dancing.  Keep in mind that the line is long so you might have to wait.  TIP: Sit at the bar stools for quicker service.  First come first serve.  Overall, the service can be slow but the servers are always nice.
5	When you randomly start craving things, they're doing something right.  I feel this way about their oxtail soup.  This is not your typical korean or chinese oxtail.  This is their own clear, tasty broth with big meaty chunks of oxtail.  Haven't had this type of oxtail anywhere else.  Just plain good broth that goes well with the rice.  Aw man... another craving is coming on again.  Wish it was midnight!
3	After a long night out, the place to go in Downtown is Market Street Cafe in the California.  The oxtail soup is almost a requirement for Hawaii locals visiting the "ninth island" at least once during their stay. The homey soup will warm your belly and is a great late night snack (served from 11 pm).
5	I love this place. The lines can be a bit long, but there are ways around that. :) I always get the oxtail soup as it's a perfect balance of flavor with lots of meat. It's amazing late at night (if you can get here from the clubs) or as a good hangover chaser (but get here early as they stop serving at 11am or when it's out. It's usually gone before 11).If you're here by yourself or just a pair just walk in and sit at the coffee bar as it's self seating there otherwise you may need to sit for a while. Just a warning that service is very spotty here. I've had great to pretty poor. It's very inconsistent.
3	This place is extra delicious when you're drunk. Sober? It's pretty mediocre. Food is good enough to eat but not great enough to crave. They have great late night specials like the $6.99 half pound steak. BUT, it's not "Steak & Eggs" like it usually is in other places. You gotta get those eggs as a side! I usually get the Oxtail Soup which is also a late night special of $9.99 after 11pm! I love oxtail soup. It's a pretty generous portion for it's price. Comes with a side of rice too but I usually opt the rice. You add some red chili paste to it and BAM! heaven in your mouth. YUMMMM. This place is usually pretty crowed during the late night specials. Lines form and it gets really long. Usually it moves pretty fast though if you don't have a large party. The staff are nice and helpful even when they have to wait on a table full of obnoxious drunk individuals. AKA-- our table. Overall, good place to sober up!
4	All I can say is OXTAIL SOUP!! It's so good.only available after11pm, $9.99 and its not available to go. The line can be long and slow but you can sit at the counter with no wait. Customer service was good too.
3	Market Street Cafe brings some Hawaiian flair at the California Hotel in Sin City, Nevada. Although the ambiance is reminiscent of your average Denny's, this place seems to have a pretty popular reputation for its late night specials. From 11 pm - 11 am,  they serve their famous Oxtail Soup for $9.99. I tend to correlate late night/early morning soup with drunchies & hangovers, but DUUUUDE! I was completely sober and enjoyed every spoonful. If you have a serious case of the drunchies, don't worry! They are very generous with their servings. My cousin's bowl looked as though the whole ox was in there!
2	I got the Veggie Omelet and had to send it back the first time. It was alll watery, it was gross. They microwaved it or reheat it and it came back more like scrambled eggs. It came with breakfast potatoes, but no...they weren't. It was hash browns. It wasn't bad, it was just okay. The french toast was okay; it was dry, but cheap.
5	If you are from Hawaii, you either know about this place or you have been here. Late night, kinda drunk, and hungry? When I visit, there is only one thing I order... Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. Oxtail Soup. 'Nuff said.
5	OXTAIL soup!!! That's the only reason why I'd come here and wait. Broth is full of flavor, meat is tender, good portion for two, and is only $10!!!!
5	We came here around 10:30 PM for the oxtail soup special. The deal doesn't start til 11PM so we tried to sit down first, however, the hosts could not sit us til five minutes til 11 which kinda sucked. When 10:40 approached, the lines grew and even after we finished our meal there was still a line. My first time I came here the special was only $5.99 but now the price rose to $9.99. This soup is worth it though! If you never had oxtail soup before, I would advise you to try it here! Their broth is full of flavor and the meat is tender and juicy! This dish is totally worth your money! The only complaint I have is that some of the workers are rude, but not all of them! I only tried one dish here and I would definitely come back here my next trip to Vegas!
4	Every time in Vegas gotta hit up the oxtail soup. Wait times are long,usually 45 mins.
3	Service is not good. Went in at 3:00 am to try the oxtail soup that is served from 11pm-9am that they're so famous for. About 3 parties were ahead of us so not a long wait. The restaurant is nice and clean. We sat for a full 10 minutes b4 our waitress Olga even acknowledged us. She walked pass us a good 5 times, wasnt sure if she was our waitress or not. Not a i'll be right with you no water, no drink order nothing for 10 whole minutes. I dont care how good a restaurants food is if the service is bad its not worth it for me. Once our order was taken it didnt take long at all. The oxtail soup was delicious except for the oxtails which were very tough. They needed to throw them in the slow cooker or something they also needed to trim the big ones, so much fat. Now i could eat the broth, veggies & rice by itself it was really good. It came with cilantro, ginger & rice on the side for you to add in yourself.  The giant bowl of soup was $9.99 well worth it, u cant buy oxtails at the grocery store for that price, trust me i know and they give you a bowl full of them, not stingy at all. If you dont mind mediocre service go try the soup.
5	By far the best prime rib for the price in Vegas. Huge portion can with dessert and salad bar for 9.99
5	Oxtail, saimin, Moco loco, Portuguese sausage and eggs. Never disappoint! I've gone outta my way even if I'm at a hotel on the strip just to get their famous oxtail soup. The lines are crazy.. as your waiting half drunk and deciding on whether you need to yack or not, the second your seated and you take a spoonful of that broth ....gooodness the enticing flavors just make you feel like a new person. This place makes me happy!! Yes oxtail rocks!!
4	Personally my best place for oxtail after hours. The line after 11pm goes strong into the wee hours of the morning.. 2am a family of 7 of which 3 are minors. I guess it's worth dragging the kids along when u want some Hawaiian style cuisine at that time. Personally I want u to take ur kids home so I can move up in line.
4	I've probably eaten here about a million times! I like the ambience of the place being well lit and the servers are attentive. This is probably one of the only places in Vegas where you see and dine with other Hawaiian locals. As pretty much everyone here has said, their speciality is the oxtail soup ($9.99 or hawaiian coupon plus $3.00) starting at 11 pm. Everytime I eat it, I try to think what ingredients are making that delicious broth. Their prime rib dinner for $9.99 with soup or salad bar and dessert is a steal also. The one negative i would  say is sometimes their eggs have too much of a butter flavor. Other than that, its a simple cafe that is pretty laid back and affordable.
4	2 stars for buffet but 4 for menu items with a Hawaiian flair.   Not sure where else you can get a Loco Moko for breakfast (beef patty over rice,  gravy,  with easy over eggs on top!) And inexpensive. ..  Most items under $7!
3	I've eaten here 7-8 times over the last 10yrs but can only review based on the prime rib special which gas varied in price from 7-10.00 over the yrs. Here's a quick breakdown:Restaurant ambience- similar to a Cocos or Dennys, you will hear your table neighbor's conversation and visa versaService- nice but hurried and infrequent. Thats mainly because the place is usually packedPrime Rib- pretty good for casino special prime rib (much different from the steakhouse variety). My recommendation is if you want medium rare ask for rare, want medium ask for medium rare, ect. I learned the hard way by asking for medium well a couple times and I got what most outside of the caveman era would consider well done. Salad bar- at its best average at its worst,  umm lets just say cousin Eddie from Vegas Vacation might consider it to cross contaminated to dine from. Cherries Jubilee- this comes with special. Its a large scoop of vanilla with heated cherries on the bottom and whipped cream. A really nice addition to the special and though I'm not a big dessert person I do enjoy this little bonus. In summary if you want a meal that is going to be a great value and get you full in a no frills environment then MSC hits the spot. Also I assume the Oxtail is great because every time I'm there half the place is chin deep in that stuff
5	My husband and I had lunch around 3pm we were quickly seated the waitress gave us both enough time to order my husband had pancakes eggs and bacon for under 5$ and it was good and he's ate here on 3 other occasion.. I had the eggs over rice with spam.. Simple and you can't mess up breakfast. The food came out in ten minutes.. Super quick! It was good and I would come back and recommend this place to others
5	Got into Vegas super late after 12 hour drive through desert....     Hungry and tired this place hit the spot.Had to wait in long line (40 min) but all in all it was good for a midnight meal.Ordered Oxtail Soup and New York Steak special.
5	This place has the best oxtail soup I have ever tasted.  No other place or person can make oxtail soup this tasty!  Try it and you won't regret it.
4	Oxtail soup. Game over. So bomb. When Hungover.
1	I remember coming here when I was a little kid with my family, and  the food was very good.  Fast forward 20+ years and I decided to take my family here.  I looked at the reviews on yelp and everyone seemed to rave about the oxtail soup. We arrived around 10 PM tonight, and met "Maria" our hostess.  Man....she must of been having a bad day because she did not smile once when she greeted us, and seemed like she didn't want to be at work.  Not a good first impression for customers.  Well we finally get seated and the first thing she ask me is "Are you ordering the prime rib?  If you are you only have a few minutes."  I told her I think I'm gonna get the oxtail soup.  She tells me "if you are gonna order the soup you have to go outside and wait back in line until 11p."  I told her no that's fine, I'll order something else.  She storms off, and proceeds to mumble something to her fellow coworker. While waiting for our waiter...she keeps staring me down like I did something wrong.  Again as she walks by my table she tells the waiter that I have to go back outside if I am ordering the soup.  I'm thinking in my head...wow what did I do to piss her off. I've been nothing but polite to her and the rest of the staff.Well we finally get our food and guess what...we find a black hair in my son's wonton soup.  At this point I am furious because of all the smart remarks she told us, and the digusting hair in our soup.  Fortunately the waiter did not charge us for the soup and one of the other entrees.  So unfortunately I did not get to try the oxtail soup, and have given 1 star for the rude service.  I did file a complaint with the supervisor who was polite and had me write a statement, as "Maria" has been a problem before.  Maybe next time I'll come back to try the oxtail soup when Maria no longer works there.  By the way I have a weird feeling Maria put the black hair in our food but have no way of knowing.I took a picture of maria as she is giving us the evil death stare....lol.
4	= OX-TAIL SOUP - AVAILABLE ONLY DURING GRAVEYARD SHIFT =If you are visiting Las Vegas, and tired of stuffing your face at the buffet lines.  MARKET STREET CAFE's Oxtail Soup might be the solution for you.  This is the perfect spot after some late night clubbing.  * LOCATION * Inside the California Hotel* OX TAIL SOUP *  Please note that they only have the $9.99 Ox Tail Soup between 11pm to 9am.  For $9.99, you get a ginormous bowl of OX TAIL SOUP.  I estimated that there were 6-8 pieces of giant ox tails in my bowl and I can barely finish it.  The soup is good, but I felt that it was a little on the salty side.* SERVICE & WAIT *  Meh.  Server came and go.  Never really paying attention to our party.  It was a challenge getting our water refilled or getting our check.  I arrived the restaurant shortly after midnight and there was a long line to get in.  I guess this special is no longer a secret and everyone is trying to get some delicious soup after a long day of drinking and partying.
3	3 and a half stars!  Good place to eat when family is in town...and convenient, especially if they're staying at The Cal!  Service is always quick whenever I patronize this joint.  Food is alright.
5	Most popular restaurant because can use the Aloha coupons! Pretty reasonable, & tastes pretty good!
4	Oxtail soup at 3 am - extra delicious! It's hard to get oxtail soup with no fat on the broth but they did it! We got left over for the next day and the soup was still clear from fat! Also ordered hawaiian style ribs and chicken fried steak , they were pretty good! Cheap and big portion for Vegas!
5	5.0 stars for the oxtail soupAvailable between 11p-11am only.  The cafe is located at the California Hotel downtown Vegas.I don't usually eat so late but we came in around 11:30pm.  No wait.  The four of us each ordered the oxtail soup.  Three generous pieces in a broth.  A side of white rice.  Chopped cilantro and minced ginger on the side.  Throw them into the soup.  The oxtails were very tender and flavorful.   Comfort food.When we left around 12:30am, there was a line of about 20+ people.If you park at the Main Street casino, it's $5.00 parking fee.   You can get it back if you go to the cashier cage at the California Hotel with your restaurant receipt.We were going to make it two nights in a row, but didn't make it.  But we kept thinking about the oxtail soup until we left Vegas.
5	long line............long line.............the rib is cooked perfectly. doesn't even need the knife.I like that they have the salad bar so i can eat something while wait for the main entree.
5	Thanks to friends who flood my Facebook wall feeds with local Vegas eats!After a long night of partying hard during our first night in Vegas, it was time for a night cap meal. 3am and my cousin and I had anit-hangover food in mind. That's were I remembered the oxtail soup at the Market Street Cafe inside the California Hotel.When we arrived around 4am, we were about the fourth ones in line. But, the dining area was packed. Our wait didn't take that long since we were only a party of two. Once we were seated, I searched for the oxtail soup entree. I read the fine print on the menu regarding the oxtail soup special. The menu states that the soup is currently served from 11pm to 9am with a $9.99 price tag. With it being 4am, I was elated to try it out!Our waiting time for our food was around twenty minutes. It was understandable since the cafe was always packed. When our food arrived, it looked like I had one big piece of oxtail. But that wasn't the case. Under the thick cuts of celery and leaves of cilantro, more pieces were under there. There were also meat pieces embedded at the bottom of the huge bowl! The meat was that tender! This dish was also accompanied with a small plate of white rice. This place knows carb control. As for myself, I would have filled up my bowl with rice until there was no broth left. The broth of the soup had me in shock! It actually tasted like how my Dad makes his oxtail soup, but with different vegetables. Full of flavor and the right kind of saltiness.Market Street Cafe had my home cooked meal waiting for me. But having my Dad pop out the kitchen, that would have been just too weird!
4	After a long night on the Freemont Strip we took a stop mby Market Street Cafe to have a bite! They didn't have a few things like musubis and Zippy's Chili this late at night but thats understandable. We got the bento and the fried noodles. The bento was a good treat with thick cut teriyaki beef, spam, and chicken katsu. The teriyaki sauce was nice and sweet and the chicken katsu hit the spot. The fried noodles was okay, nothing like Leewards Drive Inn or Sato's but it did the job. Overall good food and the service was pleasant and quick.
5	My parents having been trying to get me to try the oxtail soup here for years. But being the bratty teen that I was- I rebelled. It's been 4 years and I finally caved and OH MY was it wonderful!! The oxtail soup here is  MONEY. Meat falls right off the bone and the broth is just so darn flavorful. And the vegetables and fresh garlic add a world of freshness. Don't even bother to look at the menu or get anything else. Just the soup. SeriouslyThere is almost always a line, but just wait! A pot of gold will be on the other side.
4	All this time living in Vegas and eating at The Cal, this was my 1st and, surely, not my last time eating here. I came one morning and ordered a bento. As I ordered, the cook told me that the wait might be 20 mins as he had to take care of a large order before mines; I was fine with it as I had some time to kill. As I waited, a seriously line of old Asian ladies came in behind me. I wasn't sure if I was supposed to stay in my spot in line or move forward and pay.After it seemed like the large order prior to mines was done, the cook looked at me and I said, "do I stay here and wait for my order or move forward and pay?" He said, "oh, you didn't move up in line?" I said, "no because I wasn't sure...it was my first time here..." He motioned me towards the cashier and asked if I wanted a drink. I said, "yes, a pepsi!" He came to the front with my bento and pepsi in hand. I asked him how much it was and it said it was "on the house!" WOW!!!! That was really nice of him. I gave him whatever tip/dollar bills I had. Other than the service, my bento was ONO. Chicken katsu and spam :) the teri beef was more like teriyaki steak...not the kind of thinly sliced teri beef I'm used to, to which I normally don't care for anyways. And in this bento, their teri beef was my favorite part of the dish. I wanna try their Saimin next!
4	My family has been going to this place ever since I could remember! Every time we visit Vegas, this is our go-to restaurant to satisfy our late night cravings. I recommend going during the graveyard special which is from 11 PM until 11 AM? I believe. My family loves the oxtail soup! This is really the only reason why we love coming here so much! The New York steak was good, but I wasn't a fan of those green beans.
4	Everyone comes here! The aunties, uncles, cousins, Lolas, Lolos... Everyone! There's usually a line, but it moves fairly quick. People come for their famous oxtail soup, which isn't served until 11pm. I love their oxtail soup. Sometimes the oxtail has a little more fat than usual, but I'm Filipino so I like that kind of stuff. Of course I recommend coming here. Good food!
5	Love this place! My gf and I came here Friday night to try there famous oxtail soup which is only served after 11pm. The soup is something to come back best hang over food in Vegas. It reminds me of the Filipino bullalo soup but I believe it's there Hawaiian stew here. We also ordered some Korean BBQ ribs. The ribs were so juicy and tender. There sauce tasted amazing! It is located far off the strip at the old Down town Vegas strip.
4	Market street cafe is definitely a place to come and visit while in the downtown area. Being from Hawaii, this place definitely brings all the aloha back to the mainland. The food is exactly what you'd expect from a "local" hawaiian food restaurant. From oxtail soup to San Francisco burgers they've got it. If you'd like more of a sit and pick type of style, they offer a buffet as well. Overall after all of the years I have been here it is definitely one of my favorite places to have local Hawaiian foods here. Recommended.
3	Market street cafe is a solid little cafe. It gets really busy around graveyard specials time.I like how they have Asian and Hawaiian items.Of course you can make spam and eggs at home but sometimes you just want it ordered.The prices are good. The portions are good. The food is good.My only gripe is the times I've been.. After you get your food you're nonexistent. Aside from that the service is friendly.
2	This review is based solely on the prime rib special.  You can't beat the price at $9.99 and the portion size. You get the salad bar or soup, choice of potato, veggie, prime rib and cherries jubilee for dessert. The salad bar definitely caters to their Hawaiian and Asian customers which is very unique. The baked potato was nicely done and came with butter and sour cream.  The green beans were mush and inedible but my expectations were pretty low because this is typical for this caliber of restaurant.The biggest disappointment was the prime rib.  I got mine medium rare and my husband got his done rare.  They were cooked to the correct temp; however, the meat was devoid of flavor and was very fatty.  The beef rind was bland and I actually needed to add salt and horseradish to make it edible.  If you want big portions for a great price then definitely eat the prime rib dinner here.  However, if you want better flavor with less food at the same price I recommend Magnolia's at the Four Queens.  For $10 you only get prime rib, potato choice and mushy veggies but the prime rib quality is light years better.
3	We came here for the oxtail soup after 4 hours drive from california side.... it was quite good in taste (but still cannot be compared to asian style oxtail soup) and ample portion... one bowl of oxtail soup has 3 big oxtail bone...price is 9.99... We also ordered medium well new york steak with beans and mashed potato... at 6.99 this dish is quite cheap unfortunately it was cooked well done and too dry... it makes the meat hard and dry...Service was so-so... 3 star...
5	My favorite thing to order here is the LOCO MOCO. A classic Hawaiian local favorite. They have the best loco moco compared to other local restaurants in Las Vegas.Their meat you can tell is not frozen and the gravy is so good you want to lick off your plate. Another local favorite is the oxtail soup! Very very delicious you must try, the meat is so tender your can lick it off the bones. The soup is very thick with veggies and seasoned just right. Let's not forget to try the daily specials! I'm a regular here!
5	5 stars for the oxtail soup.  I accidentally went on Tuesday and found out that they had oxtail soup only on Fridays.  Luckily I was able to go on a Friday and enjoyed the soup. The soup came with a side of rice, cilantro and fresh ginger.  The oxtail was huge and tender.  My reasons to go to Vegas are for the outlet and oxtail soup.
4	The cafe is old school Vegas coffee shop. Little smoky and dated but the food was yummy. I had the Hawaiian short ribs and OMG it was delish! Portion was huge. Can't wait to try the oxtail soup one night.
1	Waited for over 20 minutes for my cheeseburger. And when it finally came it was cold as ice. Hostess was rude... Service was horrible in general. It's sad because the food is delicious but service needs updating!!  Walked out without eating anything!
5	Service is terrible but whatever's it California Hotel, I don't expect Venetian customer services. Takes the waitress forever to take our order for a party of 2, however she services the party of 10 first, whom seated after us. Anyways the oxtail soup is only served at night from like 9pm- maybe 6am, and $10 shareable or eat the whole damn bowl yourself. It wasn't too salty and was made to perfection. I cannot complain every time I come. Steak isn't your cheap 6.99 that you hope; I think it was 9.99, so go somewhere else for it. Fries were soggy this time, but crispy when I previously came, so it was inconsistent. Random times you'll catch a line, but I was lucky this time to have no waited around 1am and seated immediately. I can't wait to come back.
5	I really wanted to try the Oxtail soup but they stop serving that at 9 am. Instead I had the Hawaiian Luau buffet for 5.95. It's all you can eat and includes includes a bottomless coffee and a fruit juice. Price for value you're really going to want to go here next time you're in Old Vegas.
5	My faaaaavorite eatery when I come to Vegas.  Granted I can get oxtail soup ANYWHERE (since I live in Hawaii), but I totally rather get it here.  Seeing as I gamble till the wee hours in the morning my husband and I make sure we stop in at 12am (when they start serving it).  This is a MUST try place.  Service to me is ALWAYS good and at $9.99 for this bowl of deliciousness...ya gotta do it.
3	This is a review solely for the Oxtail Soup, and for service strictly after 11 PM.. because I've literally never been here for anything else.3 stars for the oxtail soup because of its inconsistency. The meat is always fall-off-the-bone tender perfection. The soup itself, however, is all over the place. Sometimes it is bland despite handfuls of garlic and cilantro. Sometimes it is so salty you end up eating all the rice with just a splash of soup. Sometimes it is heaven-on-earth perfection. And when it is good, it is very very good. This would definitely be a 4 or 5 star review is they could just stick to the perfect Goldilocks medium every single time. The service is perfectly fine, a little aloof, but at this hour they do a perfectly pleasant job of dealing with the drunkards trying to pre-empt their hangovers with oxtail soup. Whenever we go out in downtown, I secretly wish that someone suggests getting oxtail afterward, because every time, I hold out hope that the soup will find that perfect balance.
4	My favorite place to go in LV for comfort food Hawaiian style. Can't go wrong with the Prime Rib Special for $9.99...it comes with the salad bar & Cherries Jubilee Ice Cream desert. I also like the T-Bone steak & the Country Fried Steak. The salad bar is decent...overall good food for the value! Need I say more
5	Love the oxtail stew on Friday!  The taste of the food is very similar to Zippy's in Hawaii.
4	We always hit this place when in Vegas. We always stay at the strip, but we would still make that drive and beeline to the market cafe hoping there's not a long queue which is very very rare.This is not the nicest looking place, but it has its merits. That famous oxtail soup is certainly delish. Didn't think I'd be a fan, but it's perfect for cold nights and how appropriate they serve it from 11pm-9am when you would do anything to satiate your cravings in Vegas. All those times, the said soup is consistently good. I don't know where else to get em so I have no comparison but no need to bother. It's the only thing we order and have no complaints.After that soup quest, it's worth a stop at Fremont outside and marvel at old school Vegas...
