5	I went to BEI the first week it opened.  It was great.  The sushi was excellent and fresh.  The tempura and Korean pork was awesome.  And, I had my first "sojutini" .  The wait staff was attentive and the ambience was casual and warm.  I will be back.  Cannot wait to try the lunch specials.
5	Had lunch there yesterday. The Sashimi was like butter and the service was excellent.I know there are many Sushi bars in Scottsdale but this one  is worth checking out. Great lunch specials and prices.
5	Great happy hour until 10:00pm every night!  Amazing sushi specials and great service!
5	New to Scottsdale and have been looking for a go-to sushi place in south Scottsdale. Bei is now on top of the list. The food is delicious, the ambiance relaxed, and the service exceptional. If you're in the area, or just enjoy good asian cuisine, definitely give it a try. And a couple of recommendations: although I prefer a beer with my dinner, they also serve stellar soju cocktails (try the Aloe "soju-tini" - light and refreshing). The ASU roll also stood out - quality ingredients and skilled preparation. The people that run this place really seem to care.
5	I had the chance to enjoy their Happy Hour last Saturday. Since they just opened they were pretty empty, but I feel with the quality of food they serve that will not last for long.  We ate the spring rolls, salmon sushi, the Las Vegas Roll, and the assorted sashimi. The all the items we delicious and fresh. I was very impressed by the size of the roll and it wasn't overly cream cheesy. Cannot wait to come back to try more items.
5	So awesome I had to write my review while I was still here, letting the food settle to make room for more!They've only been open for 2 weeks now, so they are still pretty empty (taking the old space of Lao Thai). Quiet-ish pop music plays in the background with a few tvs turned to sports (sound off). Owner (or manager?) says they are working to get karaoke set-up so that will be hilarious in the future. My "opening specials" were different than what is posted in yelp images, FYI. Regardless, I grabbed a $5 cab and ventured to the full menu for some yummy miso ($2) and the Blazing Alaska roll ($9). The wait staff were super friendly and attentive. I see myself becoming a regular here!
5	This place is simply fantastic.  The sushi is excellent, service is top notch, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for good food in the Scottsdale area.  We had numerous items including nearly all of the sashimi, both of their signature rolls, and some sampling a of nigiri.  In addition, the staff allowed us a few samples of other things including a dessert rice pudding that is to die for.  It's still early in the day, and what a great time to come in, no one is here so u get special attention!Can't say enough good things about this little joint and if I'm back in Phoenix, it will be a stop.  Come in, have some sushi, and sit at the bar if u can, current bartender is a good conversationalist and pretty easy on the eyes.
5	Drove by this place and decided to stop in instead of going all the way to old town for sushi and we had a blast! The staff was awesome and the food was fantastic (although I've had better calamari). The atmosphere was very lively, there was a DJ too! I'll definitely be back.
5	This is a really good sushi restaurant in Scottsdale. Too many sushi joints in the area are overpriced. Bei is priced well and has great sushi options.  The service was friendly and timed well.  I will definitely return to try different rolls.
5	Great value for your buck!  I've enjoyed most of the sushi bars in Scottsdale. The Value of the sushi in Bei more than makes up for the slight lack in ambience.  The hapy hour opening prices are some of the best deals in Scottsdale.  $2.95 California roles to the $6.95 scallop role. I included some pics. Look no further if you are looking for good sushi for a great price in Scottsdale...
5	Best sushi and service in Old Town. So happy this place opened so close to us! We will be regulars for sure!
5	Great place for sushi! After living in Chicago for many years, it's been tough finding a good sushi place around here for take out. Glad to have this place near by. It's our go to for japanese take out.
5	My fist time here thanks to all the great Yelp reviews and you guys are the best!!! Great customer service and the food came out fast!!! Got the baked yellowtail collar appetizer and it opened up our palettes for their great sushi. Can't wait to come back again!
5	This place was delicious. The service was awesome. My husband and I had an aloe beitini and a Kirin. My tini was amazing. So refreshing! You couldn't taste the alcohol at all. We had the Bei special roll, a red dragon, and a volcano roll. They were all fabulous. We had our 11 month old daughter with us, and they were so attentive to her. They brought us miso soup and a small bowl of steamed rice, complementary. She loved it. Total, we spent just over $43 plus a tip. We will definitely be back and we can't wait have family come to visit so we can take them too
5	I absolutely love sushi placesSo when I saw this one pop upI was anxious to try itAfter seeing the near perfect yelp reviewsI was super excited and was anxious to see what I would think of itWe went on a Friday evening and it wasn't very busy so it was goodUpon arrival the staff was super friendlyGreeting us as we walked in We were given a booth table to sit at and our server welcomed usWe were given water and two great menusThey have a ton of options for food and drinksIt was happy hour when we got there and we notice that the items were super cheap, so of course we hit that upWe got Two miso soup bowlsThe fried Calamari One California rollOne tootsie rollOne shrimp tempuraThe soup was nice and warm; it also had a lot of flavorThe calamari was the best that I had ever had... Usually restaurants give you little fried rings and stuff but BEI gives you big long 3-4 inch pieces that are really, really goodThe sauce that comes with the calamari is great as wellBoth of the sushi rolls were very yummy and very freshThe rice on both rolls were sticky and the ingredients were goodThe shrimp tempura was really good tooOur server was very attentive and knowledgable of the menuThis isn't much of a bad opinion/con but the inside of Bei is kind of drab and could use some better interior decorationsThis didn't bug me at all since I know that it is a new place and I am sure once they get a bigger clientele and revenue that they will add some nice touches Just a hint that don't let the interior fool you, the food is great and the service is greatI will be back BEI
5	I travel to Scottsdale frequently for work and I've had some decent sushi in the area but nothing has come close to Bei sushi. It's definitely comparable to some of the best places that I've been to in NYC. I'm going to give it 5 stars because the food and drinks we're amazing. However, the managers we're too much. They asked me how my food was and I hadn't even had to time take a bite. I can tell they are concerned being a new restaurant but come guys... it makes you look desperate and it seems like people in Scottsdale simply aren't into that. By the time I had my 2nd piece of sushi 3 people had asked me if "everything was alright".  What's up with the yelling at everyone when they come in? Please stop. Not sure if I'll return again next time I visit just because I felt a tad uncomfortable but I'll definitely consider it. The sojo drinks we're amazing too. I had two different versions of their Soju cocktails. Aloe and Yogurt. I saw other drinks on their menu and I must say, as a new yorker even, they know what they are doing at the bar. The bartender was also really funny and recommended some fun things to do in the area.
5	We love sushi and are happy to have found such a cool spot close to home. Katrina was an awesome server and the food was great!
4	Not bad at all.  Sat in the general dining area.  Had some nigiri and tempura.  Chili edamame is great.  Tempura also great, not over-breaded.  Sushi was very good.  Service and attitude great.
3	Ok, I'll be the first to say I was underwhelmed by my experience at the new south Scottsdale sushi spot.Our water tasted bad. Lemon or cucumber might have helped, not sure. Spicey Salmon salad looked and tasted funny to both of us. Our last sushi dish came 35 minutes after our first. That is way too long guys.      We had been finished for 15 minutes and, had asked for the check when it finally appeared. We took it to go but, they didn't include any soy in the box so, we dumped it. Sake was lukewarm. Service was nice and friendly (thanks Katrina) and the squid salad was good. If this was my only choice, I might try them again but, several high quality spots just 2 miles away.
3	our neighbors use to run Lao Thai, the restaurant that use to be here. they had one of the best asian fish dishes in the valley. Now this new place, BEI is here and i'm thinking "when did this happen"? i was VERY skeptical at first, especially when i saw so many yelp reviews with 5 stars, most from people with 1 friend/1 review or 66 friends/0 reviews. i appreciate elite reviewers for the most part and there weren't many. anyway, it was late and we didn't want a sit down dinner so i stopped by for a takeout order. the place was quite full on the wednesday before thanksgiving. the staff greeted me with open arms...very friendly. i was given a full menu and a sushi menu. the sushi menu is large and even has sashimi. i ordered a salmon and tuna sashimi. i thought both were very good...nice big cuts, fresh, and very smooth on the palate. also ordered a seafood udon soup dish. although the portion was large and overflowing with those delicious noodles, they were WAY skimpy on the seafood. one mussel, 2 shrimp, and about 5 baby scallops. for 10 bucks, i expected a bit more seafood because i know udon noodles are cheap. this brought the stars to 3 unfortunately.the rest of their menu looked good and apparently they have a great happy hour. when we go for a sit down and try something else, maybe i too will be on of the multiple 5 star reviewers.
4	UPDATE: I absolutely LOVE this place and have to admit I feel a little down writing about the last 2 experiences I've had, considering how I've become a die-hard regular. In hopes that you will not go through the same experience, I am writing this more as a warning. My boyfriend and I walked in there on a Saturday evening, we were greeted right away, as usual, by the kind Asian man, who we believe is the owner. We sat at  our usual high-top table, and waited...waited... waited for about 7 minutes (very unusual) for our server to greet us and bring us menus. When we came over, we immediately realized it was the same waiter we had the last time we had a negative experience. With no enthusiasm he brought us menus and left. Didn't offer us a drink until the second time he came around. After he brought us our drinks he went about his runs, and forgot about us. Finally, he came back to our table and ASSUMED we wanted the sashimi combo and was about to run to put it in when we quickly told him we were trying new things. We put in an appetizer (Salmon Kama), and 4 other rolls. Everyone else brought us our food instead of our waiter. What ENRAGED me is that I saw him SMOKING OUT OF AN E-CIGARETTE PEN BY THE BAR!!!! Also, we NEVER got our appetizer. Apparently, the waiter never put it in seeing that the Asian man had to ask us what we ordered. When the Salmon Kama came out, it was DISGUSTING. My boyfriend said it tasted as if they microwaved leftover fish and put it on a plate with cabbage. I have to agree. Only the times we've gotten this server (whom I don't even know his name, Hispanic looking man, with lots of arm tattoos and spiky hair) have been the times we have had bad service, his tip showed how unsatisfied we were, I even wrote him a little comment. Hopefully this will make him fix his style of waitressing to prevent driving customers away.  Aside those incidents, the place is still AMAZING.what separates BEI from the surrounding sushi restaurants is their fish. I am always searching for good-tasting sushi spots where you can actually distinguish the fish by taste not just by sight. their fish is excellent, and tastes super fresh. comparable to several upscale sushi restaurants in Miami. simply because of taste, I would choose this place over any of the chains in the Scottsdale area. their customer service is also impressive. everyone, including the owner, are extremely attentive and welcome you enthusiastically. they make sure to ask how your food tasted, and are open for suggestions. you can tell they're in the business because they love Japanese food and the art of sushi, not just to make money and turn it into a chain. the only thing "fishy" (no pun intended) is the area. its located in a shopping strip in south Scottsdale that looks a bit shady during the day, a reason why it took me a little longer to try the place out. I was a bit skeptical.inside is a different story. its very clean, well-maintained and you can tell they put in some work to remodel the place.their specials are amazing as well! they have a few of their specialty rolls as part of their specials and their portions are never skimped. you need to try the BLAZING ALASKA ROLL its definitely my favorite roll on their happy hour menu.if you're a sushi enthusiast, you MUST try this place. I guarantee it becomes one of your favorites
5	Delicious! And great service! And affordable! And a great legitimately Japanese ambiance. All the rolls we had were delicious but the vegetarian sweet potato rolls were surprisingly amazingly good. Happy hour prices were great too. And the man greeting us bowed. Twice. So nice and so Japanese! Loved it.
4	This is one of my first reviews because I usually do not take the time and am skeptical about reviews. I am not what you would call a foodie but I appreciate good food and think I have good taste. I purchased a couple of things to go and was very, very impressed even though most food does not translate as well when ordered to go. I ordered the spicy crispy chicken entree and shrimp tempura and they were excellent. I am chomping at the bit to go eat in the dining room because if it was this good to go I can imagine it will be even better to eat in. I live very close to this restaurant and do not want to see it go away so please take my review with a grain of salt but give it a try and I will bet you will be impressed.
5	All I have to say is that I finally found my favorite sushi in town!!Fresh fish, delicious!!!
4	Tried the happy hour on a Thursday and got there about 5:30.  The place was empty except for another couple that was already there.  The place was nice and seemed cleaned.  As we were seated I realized how big the place was.  There is a alcohol bar near the front and the sushi bar near the rear.  We ordered several rolls.  Actually ordered 2 too many as we had to take some leftovers to go.  The nigiri was good. We also liked the spicy tuna.  My wife liked the sweet potato roll which had no fish in it.  We liked the chili/garlic edamame and the aloe martini and recommend it.
4	My daughter wanted sushi for her 18th birthday so we decided to check out this new place just up the road.  We will be back!  Quick friendly service and a great happy hour menu but best was the excellent sushi!
5	(My Mobile Tip) Wow. These guys are seriously friendly! I have like 4 different menus to take back to work.  I ordered the lunch special - Chicken Teriyaki Box - $7.25.  You get a lot of food for the price you pay!  The chicken teri was not overly sweet or breaded.  The dumplings (goyza) or some may refer to this as potstickers, were steamed/pan fried.  J would have loved them.  I'm not really a big fan of potstickers.  The sauce was not the traditional scallion dipping sauce, but a soy citrus sauce.  Standard fare with the california roll and veg tempura.  I will say that the tempura was not greasy, which was a good thing.  And the house salad came with an awesome ginger dressing.  When I got back to work and started eating at my desk, I had quite a few colleagues ask where I went and that it smelled fantastic.  I'll have to admit, I did "stink" up the area.  It smelled awesome!  OH - I noticed that they have high chairs in their restaurant, so that tells me that the place is toddler friendly.  Which for a mom, that is very important.  Not always can you find a babysitter.  I'm sure J, Little C, and I will stop by one evening for an early supper.  :)
5	I finally had an opportunity to stop in at Bei during happy hour on Monday, and I'm glad that I did.  I especially enjoyed my spicy tuna hand roll, and the spider roll was yummy too.  Service was fast and friendly, and my food came out promptly, and portions were large.  The items that I ordered from the happy hour menu were great values.  This is definately my new neighborhood sushi stop!
5	Ordered a Red Dragon (minus the Crab mix add additional Spicy Tuna) (Great - this one was my Favorite) and the Tuna Lovers (Good) - the fish was fresh and both rolls were very tasty! I'll be back!
1	Up until today, my experience with this sushi restaurant has been great. Their restaurant is clean, the food is good and it's a quiet little nook off of the fast paced streets of down town Scottsdale.  I liked the place so much I would make an effort to go at least once a week with my co-worker. Unfortunately I state "liked" in past tense due to a terrible customer experience with one of their wait staff today... Having eaten at the place 4 or 5 times, I was shocked to be confronted by my usual waiter for supposedly short changing her $3 on a bill from 3 weeks ago. Instead of explaining the situation, the woman accused me of purposely stiffing her on the bill and leaving shortly after so she had to pay the $3 out of her own pocket. Without giving me the opportunity to inquire further, she stormed off to the back of the room.  The weird part of this incident is that she was referencing a bill from 3 weeks prior to my current dining experience with them which means I had eaten there at least once or twice since the supposable "dine and ditch" situation had occurred. When another waiter - also her manager and the owner came by - instead of taking over where she left to ask us if there was an issue he acted like nothing had happened and asked for our order. Shocked at the outburst and accusation, we ordered without comment.  When she came by again I asked if she could provide a receipt - that way I could see the total amount paid and due as proof of short changing her. She responded that they were unable to pull up our previous bill; Though they admitted to serving me since then but didn't bring it up until now. WHAT??? AM I MISSING SOMETHING HERE???Regardless, I took her word for it and I attempted to remedy the situation by pulling $5 out of my wallet and offering my condolences.   When I tried to give her the money she proceeded to get huffy and stomped off saying it was 3 weeks ago so it doesn't matter. IF IT DIDN'T MATTER, WHY BRING IT UP - IT'S $3? Having discussed the whole incident with my coworker several times, I decided to write this review as a warning to any future customers that may want to check in to this place. I was once a repeat customer, but after today on principle alone, I won't return. The whole thing is actually laughable.1st: If I wanted to stiff her, why would I pay 96% of the bill? 2nd: If that was in fact the case, you would and should have been able to pull up the bill proving that the customer didn't pay in full. 3rd: The manner in which it was brought to our attention was shocking. Why would you accuse a repeat customers (whose eaten at your restaurant at least twice since the incident) of stiffing you on the bill but not bring it up until 3 weeks later? That makes no sense. In fact it sounds like she may have gotten the wrong people. 4th:  All of this over $3. If you're that hard up on $$$ it's probably a good idea to treat your customer's with respect and approach them with any "situations" calmly, not let your bratty employee ruin any chances of retaining a once loyal customer.  Hope the extra $5 makes your day sweet heart - life's to short to freak out over 3 bucks. Luckily I pass 4 other sushi restaurants on the way to get to their place. Going forward, I'll go to a closer stop that doesn't freak out on their customers and make a scene.  The sad part is, this whole situation could have been avoided had it been approached sooner and with a civil attitude. Obviously, I had no problem paying for the missed $3 since I in fact paid more than what I was accused of "cheating" her out of.  More to the point though, her manager didn't step in. If the employee couldn't handle the situation appropriately, than the manager should have taken action and stepped in. Poor communication and tactics overall has earned this place a bad rating.  ;0(
5	My girlfriend and I were the first customers when this place opened up. When we go to dinner, we drive around looking for the newest spots. I didn't want to write a review until we ate there a few times. We now have gone there about 5 times, and it has been consistent. The food taste fresh and the staff are extremely friendly. The cuts are clean and the dishing is nice. At this point, we know we are going to get good service and a satisfying meal. When we first went there, we asked about the owner, and it was the gentleman we were speaking to, and he brought out the other owner. They are both open to suggestions on how they can serve better, so don't ever be shy to voice your opinion to them.As a side note, someone else gave them a 1 start because of a waitress, but there review of the food ws good, this review is also posted twice so it brings down the score a bit more, which is unfair in my opinion.  Besides, if they really did stiff her, I'd be mad too, although it's not professional to come at the customer like that. If you and your girlfriend are looking for a Sushi place that won't leave an after taste, and can pretty much guarantee good service, then  Bei will work for you.
5	It was the first time visiting this places.  David the sushi chef was great and all the sushi was fresh, delicious.  Katrina provided excellent customer service.  This place is highly recommended and the happy hour has great choices for a good price.
4	This is a cool little place, that was nicely redone when it became B.E.I. The staff is very friendly, the food is fast and delish, happy hour is good but limited. The staff is very friendly and on top of things. We were greeted several times walking in the door and were waited on / bussed by a few different people, but knew who are true server was.  Our drinks were always full and we felt very welcomed. I have had several of the Sushi rolls, the yakisoba, spring rolls, tofu steak, edemame, and stuffed mushrooms. Everything has been great and all of it is recommended, especially the mushrooms. The presentation of food is nicely done and looks more expensive then it is. It is almost a great date place but it's almost too comfortable and well lit, it lacks romantic atmosphere, but would make a great casual date.
5	I recently visited this restaurant and was exceptionally pleased by the experience. I am always looking for new places to enjoy sushi, and saw the reviews on here were nearly flawless. Obviously I had my doubts that this was clearly a manufactured coincidence so I had to do some investigating of my own. To my surprise though BEI justified it's reviews. I ordered yellow tail sashimi, very large and fresh pieces were presented elegantly within minutes of placing my order. Next the three rolls I ordered came out in a timely fashion. One at a time and almost as soon as I finished the previous roll.  I've recently experienced a different situation at another local sushi restaurant where my food was brought out with absolutely no order. Dinner first then, last appetizers and when I ordered another roll it took about 30 minutes to arrive. The three rolls I ordered were the ASU, Tuna Lover and my new favorite roll The Checkerboard roll. The wasabi aioli sauce on top of the Checkerboard roll was to die for. I highly recommend  it.Also as many other people have commented about and I feel must be address is the quality of service. Everyone was extremely nice, polite, and knowledgable. It's clear their employes love working there and when I asked how long they have been in business, accompanied with a large smile, I received a very confident and prideful response of 13 weeks today. I rarely frequent restaurants but this one is sure be see the likes of me in the near future Advice to you, Give this place a shot and what ever you do, try anything with their aioli sauce.
5	Wow!!! I am so glad I found this place.  Live music, cold beers, fantastic sushi and amazing desserts!!  This is hands down the best sushi and Asian restaurant in town!!!!
3	Lunch menu is filling and ranges from 9-13 bucks.  Attentive server with refills and pleasant atmosphere.  I tried the lunch sushi combo but might opt for a rice bowl or teriyaki dish next time.  The sushi didn't sit that well but could've been either the fish quality or soy sauce, not sure.
3	EDIT: Apparently I and my dining partner must have misread the hand-written sign at the bar regarding the bathroom. It turns out that there IS a bathroom on-site for customer use. Shame, too, as we ended up using one in a storefront still under construction (but we made new friends!). Another reviewer mentioned a gratuity added to their bill for their six-member dining party. I don't recall seeing a notice on the menu, the happy hour menu, or the drink menu, but given the Bathroom Notice Situation, I couldn't say if it was not there or if we missed it. The original review follows below, and the rating is unchanged:We went to Bei after hearing our favorite place, in North Phoenix, had effectively shut down and died a horrible death. We went there to eat sashimi, a few rolls, and soft-shelled crab, as we would have at the other place. Bei had some tasty things, but most of the actual rolls were uninspired and could be had most other places. They weren't sloppily done, but the execution wasn't noteworthy either. The sashimi selection was not enough to convince us to buy it, so I can't say if it was tasty or not.On to the absolutely stand-out part of the visit: the appetizers and hot sake.If I could buy this over again, I'd take our $60 bill and pile it all into appetizers. These ARE are what to go for at Bei. They were ALL tasty and wonderful, although we were surprised and sad to see that soft-shelled crab was not on the menu (spider roll aside). Both salads we ate (cucumber and squid) were excellent and well-balanced. The amount of meat in both salads was wonderful. Be advised, however, Bei does not offer their customers a bathroom. I can appreciate the desire to not have to clean up after boozy customers, but it makes it inconvenient when you desire to wash your hands prior to eating, and VERY inconvenient if your dining companion needs to urinate mid-meal. We ended up using the bathroom of another establishment after finishing our meal. Bei missed a great opportunity here--for the cost of a public-facing bathroom, it missed out on us eating another roll and adding another two salads to our meal.
5	Best sushi place around the south Scottsdale area. Make your way out of the trendy "sushi" restaurants in old town and head a bit south to find this gem. Don't be scared of the outside, make your way in to find friendly staff and one of the best sushi jointsin town. We had a large group come in late on a Saturday and the place was empty. Will be nice to see this place fill up once more people hear about it.
2	First,  let me confirm that this establishment has not 1, but 2 restrooms.   One for ladies and one for men.   A fellow Yelper and I exchanged messages about this before I went because that Yelper's review states that Bei does not have a restroom for customers.  It does.   The sign out front is for non-customers.  I snapped a pic of the restroom sign as evidence for others reading reviews and considering this establishment----- because I almost bypassed this restaurant because of that Yelper's information. I hope this helps.Lately,  I have been into Ramen and brothy soups in general.   Miso, shrimp and pork ramen to be specific.   Take a look at the picture of my Ramen http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bei-scottsdale-2?selected=ovAcABgI3P5BFBUiBYQ9KA#xSczojjTQAVoXmEqcY19yw and view the pic of the Ramen posted by Yelper Britt C.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bei-scottsdale-2?selected=ovAcABgI3P5BFBUiBYQ9KA#Gx2-zZuvY5ynZbUD27BlpA  They look quite different.   Mine had a few tiny pieces of meat, a limited amount of veggies and lacked adequate broth.   I hated it!  I can honestly say the 25 cent pack of ramen I made in college was better!  The veggies tasted canned. I expected a nice piece of pork in the Ramen like the aforementioned picture by Britt C, but there were only a few flavorless tiny pieces. A well known improvisational restaurant, that has monthly ramen nights, down the street has ruined my palate to tolerate ramen any place else.   I can not say how much I hated that dish!   I ordered a spicy sushi roll that I split with a fellow Yelper.  Decent roll.  I would like to try the Bei roll one day. I went here with the international lunch group that I organize.   Everyone else ordered a bento lunch box.  They were all happy with their lunch and had a consensus 3 star meal.There were 6 of us,  we were automatically charged a 20% gratuity.   I don't know if this is normal for everyone or if that is the case for groups.   It was not printed on the menu.   It aggravated me,  but alas wasn't a big deal.   They should print that on their menu.2 stars - I hated my dish.Because the location is cool for me for easy access to sushi in SoScott, but considering the proximity of other sushi restos that I like better:Return Factor: 15%, .
5	Good stuff ...was fast and fresh...checkerboard roll was my favorite. Wish they had a couple baked rolls but overall five stars...will def be back
4	Honestly, my experience here was so quick & I didn't try anything except for a few basic rolls, but I like what I saw & ate, and based on that I'd definitely come back. Bei is probably the closest sushi place to my house & sushi is one of those things I don't eat often, but when I crave it, I CRAVE it. I wish this place had a website because I got takeout. I decided to just to stop in, order, and wait. The place itself was spacious & seemed nice enough to dine in at. Since I was trying this place for the first time I ordered three basic rolls as a "test." I got a CA roll, Philly roll & honestly I don't remember exactly what the third roll was except that it was a pretty basic shrimp tempura roll. The fish tasted fresh in all three.I was just testing this place for future reference, and it passed. I'd especially come back for Happy Hour. I believe it runs everyday (maybe not Sun?), and goes from 4:30-7:30. There are several rolls for under 3 bucks. There aren't a lot (any, really) sushi options in this area, which makes Bei even more appealing.
4	Nice people good food. The service was sub par. I ordered a volcano, dynamite, and spicy tuna roll with my boy friend along with sake bombs. Great date spot if you aren't in a rush.
5	Can I eat here every day please?! I am a down to the bone sushi lover! Every time I have been here the service is nothing short of perfect. Always comes out right (even when modifications are made), quick, and with a smile. The manager always comes to the table to check in and you can tell he truly wants you to have a great experience. The house rolls are phenomenal!! I took a friend who isn't a sushi fan, he ate 3 different rolls and has gone back on his own! I'm pretty sure the Red Dragon roll is my new favorite food ever!!
4	The only reason this place doesn't get five stars is because the ambiance leaves a lot to be desired. The sushi is delicious, get the Alaskan roll!
5	The food at Bei is AMAZING - I am a huge sushi fan and I would venture to say that the sushi at Bei is the best I've had in Arizona. I came here with a date on Thursday for the first time and the place was lovely. They had live music and a very cool atmosphere; the decor is very pretty. We were impressed! We ordered several rolls, some basic, like the tootsie and the spicy tuna, as well as the dragon and ASU roll. All of them tasted amazing. The ingredients at Bei are INCREDIBLY fresh; the fish is the best quality I've had in AZ and there's a delicious balance and texture to all of it. The rolls themselves were also extremely well-made; very tight and neat. ALSO the green tea ice cream is to die for. We will definitely be returning to Bei. The food came out quickly and, like I've been raving, it is of EXTREMELY high quality. The only blemish on the night was that while the service was relatively speedy, our particular waitress was distant and a little stand-offish; she almost never came to check on our table and when she did, she was cold and walked away almost immediately, before we could even tell her if we needed anything. Other servers who were around, whoever, were very kind and very pleasant, so I won't let that deter me from going back. Viva la Bei!
5	We just moved to Scottsdale and found this place. This has to be the best sushi place ever. The ambience is perfect, the design of the restaurant is well done, and the food is delicious! Out of all the restaurants here in Phoenix my daughter wants to have her birthday dinner at Bei because of their lollipop sushi roll. We will be there Feb 13th! Can't wait!!!
5	Fantastic sushi. Fresh fish and great service. Came here for an anniversary and was not disappointed. Staff was courteous. Food came out fast. We will definitely come back later.
2	Service was great for happy hour but the sashimi did not taste that fresh. It might have been because I was starving, but I felt sick eating the sushi. I love sashimi, sushi but tonight's didn't taste good. The rolls were over stuff with rice and very little sushi. Carlee was actually a fantastic host tonight. Maybe she was having a bad night the other night per another reviewer.
5	I finally got to try Bei out this past weekend and had a great experience. We went on a Friday night and were greeted with a friendly welcome and got a table right away. We got an order of the spring rolls, I got the citrus ahi tuna sashimi, and my boyfriend got their chicken katsu bowl.The spring rolls and the bowl came out right away. The spring rolls were delicious. I'm usually not a fan of them, but these were crispy and had just the right amount of vegetables. It wasn't greasy or heavy. I tried the chicken katsu and it was really good too. Unfortunately, my ahi took some time to come out. However, it was definitely worth the wait. The tuna was super fresh and I loved the citrus ginger sauce on it and the avocados. I will definitely be back just for that!The prices are very reasonable and they also have lunch specials and happy hour. They have a pretty extensive menu so I'm sure there's something for everyone, even if you're not a fan of sushi.
4	Very tasty Japanese food for Arizona.  The miso soup was too salty, but the Tuna Lover roll and Yakitori were good.  Don't make the mistake of coming during peak hours.  The Happy Hour is such a good deal you will be kicking yourself for not coming in earlier or waiting a little bit longer to eat and drink.
4	We had the crab stuffed mushrooms which were very different from what I'd imagined.  Its basically a large ball of crab with a little mushroom on it (think crab ball with hat) covered in panko and fried.  Sounds weird, but its actually pretty dang good.  Its a little tricky to eat but I'd definitely recommend trying it if you like crab.We also had the spicy salmon, spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, and one that I don't remember the name of..  They were decent, slightly too much rice and slightly off in the slicing but priced very right even without a special.If you're in the mood for sushi in a bistro type environment versus a club and don't want to be reamed on pricing I would highly recommend this place!
5	We're now officially bona fide regulars here. We had previously been in love with Lao Thai (which was here before Bei was) and were pretty surprised to see it gone and replaced once upon a time. Whatever, we thought... may as well go in and try it out.That was 3 months ago, and we have been back at least once every 2 weeks ever since. And every single time, it's got the best and freshest sushi on par with the quality you receive at ShinBay (without the wallet-breaking prices). On top of that, the happy hour specials are awesome, the bar is awesome, and the servers and personnel are awesome (especially Chase and Jun). Bei really quickly won us over and rest assured we will continue to come back here over and over. This place is great
3	I was really hoping this could be my new sushi haunt--my old favorite was also right next to a Fascinations so I thought that was a good sign. However, I was underwhelmed by the food here. I felt like there was too much cucumber in the spicy tuna, and the rolls with crab in them were too creamy. I think they had too much mayo in them. I'm sure a dismayed chef might say, "they didn't even have mayo in them!" But that's just my guess. Something was off about them. They weren't terrible, but not great either. The food had a really good presentation; it was just not very flavorful. They also forgot to bring out one of the items I ordered, which would have been far more forgivable if the food was good. I'll continue my search for an excellent sushi restaurant in the East Valley. In sum, I give this restaurant a rating of "meh."
4	Went here for happy hour-good drink specials. Went with my Japanese friend, always a good idea in these places. Well, we both loved it. I had the spicy udon dish which was awesome. The noodle soup was also good. Sushi was good and fresh. The bartender was molasses in January slow, so wave your arms wildly and you WILL get her attention. They were actually very busy, mainly young couples and the mood was good. I will go again, try some more of that sushi!
4	I've been wanting to try this place since I called to order my Tai dinner one night from Lao & was told it was gonna be a sushi restaurant, awhile ago now. Finally got the opportunity this night. The floor plan is much smaller than what Lao Tai had to offer (for a group of two or four your just fine). K & I ordered a lot of food as K had been camping for the last five days & was quite hungry. All of the appetizers we had were very yummy. Because of our hunger & it happening to be happy hour we ordered 9 different types of sushi! There was only one of the 9 that was not to our likening. We were very pleasantly greeted & seated, but am sad to say our waitress & overall service was less than enthusiastic. It is really unfortunate because we are a family of sushi lovers, & I will now hesitate to return, even just for take-out.
4	The service is great.  Helpful and expedient wait staff.  Water is always filled and they take the time to answer any question you may have about the restaurant.The best thing here is the sushi.  The seafood is fresh and portions large.  They have a wide assortment of different types of sushi to fulfill your every desires. Hope they start expanding to more exotic types of seafood.   I've tried some of their other dishes like the noodles .  It's okay, but you would be better off going to a noodle shop.  Likewise on some of their other entrees which are good, but nothing special.
5	I have made this a regular stop on the way to Sky Harbor airport from Chandler when traveling on business.  My favorites are the Volcano Roll and Las Vegas Roll plus they are very reasonably discounted between 4:30 and 7pm.  The service is great and the staff is very friendly and accommodating.  I plan on returning to try just about everything I can!
5	Recently stopped in Phoenix's newest Sushi restaurant. We arrived at BEI for early dinner at around 430 with a large group and sampled just about everything on the menu. By 530 the place was filled. Yet the food and service was excellent even when they were so busy. We have been to 4 other Sushi restaurants in the greater Phoenix Area and this one is head and shoulders above the rest. We WILL be back on our next trip to Phoenix.
4	Since we used Yelp to find this restaurant, thought it only fair to provide a review.We arrived in Phoenix today and looked on Yelp for nearby sushi (our go to meal when traveling).We are staying near the university in Tempe so hoped to get away a bit.We saw the reviews and location in Scottsdale for Bei so headed there for dinner.We had a 7 PM reservation (made this afternoon) and were taken directly to our table and greeted almost immediately by our waiter. While the restaurant seemed full and there were some people waiting, they seemed well staffed.Our waiter brought our water and drinks fairly quickly and then took our dinner order. We ordered edamame as well as a sashimi sampler and a couple of rolls and were off to a good start.We got rice and some kind of sauce fairly quickly that we were told was for the sashimi and then didn't see our first order of food (the sashimi) until we were there for at least another 20 minutes. We were surprised the edamame wasn't served sooner but assume our waiter forgot. It did eventually arrive and was hot and flavorful.The sashimi platter was served by a different waitress who dropped it off at the table without saying a word, almost walking away as she brought it before we could even ask her to maybe explain the dish a bit. She also happened to bring out the two rolls we ordered and same story. We weren't sure if she was just having a bad night or was always like that so we mentioned her affect to our waiter who then sent the manager. When it comes to sushi and the work the chefs do to prepare, it would seem the presentation of the dish is at least a part of the experience and she clearly hadn't gotten the message. He was extremely apologetic and said he would speak to the waitress.He came by several times again to apologize and actually took 10% off the total for the late food and sporadic service.We did notice the waitress was more interactive with other tables later so assume she took her managers advice. The food was better than average when it arrived so that combined with the managers efforts to recover from poor service rate Bei 4 stars.FYI, did comment the restaurant was loud, mainly due to a woman at the table next to us who had an abnormally loud laugh.
4	This was the first time I came here and this place is very deceiving.  From the outside it looks like a hole in a wall sushi joint but once you go in boom everything is modern.  They have a bar area with TV's to watch the game and then a separate area for dine in.  They have a great ambiance and every booth/ table is evenly placed to have the right intimate atmosphere.We came during happy hour and they have a ton of items on the happy hour menu.  It ranges from beer, sake bombs, appetizers, nigiri sushi, and some specialty rolls.  I extremely was surprised by their stuffed mushroom. It was to die for!!! I loved it so much I had to order it twice.  The service was very pleasant.  Our waiter was very nice and had a great sense of humor.  They made sure my drink never hit the bottom and was very honest with their recommendation on items.Only reason I didn't give it a full 5 star is because I didn't try any nigiri.  It's very important to have fresh fish. Next time i go back I will try it but for now 4 star it is!
4	Items I highly recommend - lollipop rolls and the stuffed bei mushrooms! We came right during happy hour, server was very attentive and brought all our orders on time. Wish there was a more extensive Japanese beer line up to choose from, however Kirin was good. Parking was a bit difficult, but the food was worth it! You have to visit this restaurant when you're in the Scottsdale area!
5	Tried Bei tonight for the first time with the hubby and it was super yummy! To quote our dinner conversation- "I think we've found a gem!" Happy hour every day, with specials on drinks, apps and rolls. Nice presentation for the food, large portions- enough to take home a doggy bag, and good prices. Will be back! :)
5	Fresh, delicious, and service is amazing. I've come here a few times for happy hour and it's always above par. We've ordered the lollipop roll, salmon sashimi, volcano roll, and a few other bites. The lollipop is my favorite and go to roll. This place will not disappoint!
5	This used to be a Restaurant called Lao Thai- which I liked but they recently changed it to a AWESOME Sushi Restaurant called Bei.  The atmosphere was very nice and clean.  The food was INCREDIBLE at Bei and now I find myself craving it all the time!I must say that it doesn't look like much from the outside.  It is in an old strip mall in the "seedy" side of Scottsdale but the food, service and atmosphere was top notch!I highly recommend it!  They have a very inviting Sushi Bar and I like the fact that they always have some of sports on the bar flat screen TV.Great place for a first date!  The pricing was perfect and I am always full and satisfied when I leave there!
5	Awesome service, fresh sushi, great prices especially during happy hour, atmosphere is nice and relaxing.
4	We've been here twice and both times were extremely happy with the experience. Our first visit was actually on Christmas day. We don't really celebrate and wanted something non-traditional that wasn't going to be ridiculously expensive. When we saw on Facebook that this place was going to be open, we made sure to head on over. We got calamari and garlic, chili edamame to start. The edamame was amazing! By far the best I've had at a sushi joint. The calamari was ok. I liked that they used steaks instead of rings, but I really wasn't a fan of the batter. I would have preferred a tempura style, rather than the harsher, breadcrumb coating. I think it took away from the good piece of squid hiding underneath. But it was still good, and if you like calamari you'll like this.For rolls we got the Blazing Alaska Roll, the Vegas Roll and the Golden Philly Roll. All three were so incredibly good! The sashimi used was fresh and flavourful, and the wasabi aioli wasn't overpowering, which was my fear. I'd highly recommend any of the rolls we got.The second time we were there we went for lunch and got the roll combo (each of us). Two rolls and miso for $8.95 is a great deal! I know I got the spicy yellowtail with avocado instead of cucumber and eel and avocado. I don't remember what my partner got, but it was gone pretty quick, so it must have been good! Mine were great. I'm a huge fan of spicy yellow tail, especially if it's fresh. I'd definitely recommend going during happy hour or lunch, but their prices aren't ridiculous so you won't break the bank during dinner. We'll definitely be back! There are a bunch more rolls that we want to try. We're hoping that they're open on Christmas again next year. (hint hint!)
5	Surprisingly good sushi! Sat at the sushi bar - friendly chefs and really great service. I was given a yummy cucumber/crab salad as an appetizer :)It was happy hour (4:30-7, 9-close). Prices were discounted $1-2, but even regular price wasn't bad (as a referenced, a Shrimp Tempura Roll is $6.95). Best deal was the $2.50 house hot sake!
5	Big Fan - Great prices and The Best Sushi in Scottsdale Bar None.
5	We had a great time at this new place...sat at the bar and enjoyed sushi rolls, squid salad, gyoza and amazing cocktails that compliment the food.  Staff and owner were incredibly friendly and gracious.  Prices were reasonable and portion sizes large.  Best place for sushi we've found in Scottsdale!  You won't be disappointed!
4	We have been to Bei twice now, and I have to say I hope this little sushi place stays around. The food has been really good on both visits, and I love that they offer a reverse happy hour, as my work schedule doesn't usually allow me to go to normal happy hour.The tuna lovers roll is amazing. Probably my favorite roll I have ever had anywhere! The sashimi prices are a little higher than what I would normally pay at a sushi restaurant. That's my only issue with Bei. The food is great, but the location and decorating/ ambiance of the restaurant aren't the best. The bar area is really dark- yet the dining room is extremely bright. I wish they could dim the lights a little more to give it a better vibe. I don't mind paying higher prices for quality sushi, but not when it's in a run down strip mall with tacky decorating. But we will return! And I probably just sounded super bitchy! Go here! Just don't expect a romantic setting of any sort! Oh and they have a good selection of appetizers! Yum!
2	THIS PLACE IS OVERRATED! Okay, I'm a simple girl. I really just love GOOD basic sushi. A good California roll here, maybe some speciality rolls, nothing too much to ask but this place has not impressed me and I feel the the reviews just led me on. First, the California rolls weren't good. I want to know how one can possibly make a bad tasting cali roll? I spit it out immediately. The rice was so sticky!! They really were shy on the imitation crab as well because it just dropped out of the roll when I picked it up. Next, the egg rolls. What If I told you that the vegetable egg rolls at Panda Express were more tasty than these? Not bashing, just saying. They weren't even full egg rolls, they were cut into little slice things. Anyways, the house salad was good, it doesn't have that thicker ginger dressing that most sushi restaurants usually have but it's cool. I don't know if I'll be back but this place seems to have plenty of fans and I hope the business continues to be successful!
4	am a fan.
4	Not a fancy restaurant but nice comfortable environment with friendly services. Their ramen noodle tastes really good. Sushi are freshly made. Happy hours are everyday 4:30-7:00, and 9:00-close. Even it's not happy hours, still very good deal.
5	My boyfriend and I love sushi and having this place around the corner has been a blessing! It's not the most glamorous but what it lacks in looks it makes up for in quality and service. As I am not a seaweed person I always ask for soy paper and boy can they wrap it tightly! I know that's weird to gush about how they wrap it but it makes the difference when chopsticks can actually be useful. The staff are always so pleasant and make it a point to ensure you have everything you need. The monthly change to the happy hour food menu is nice because it forces you to try something new especially when on a budget. I'm usually a tough person to impress but this place has my wallet and taste buds wrapped in soy paper!
4	I would definitely come back. Service was great. The greeter was very traditional & attentive. The selection is good for any type of sushi eater. Spicy garlic edamame is good also.
3	We ordered sashimi entree and spicy chicken noodle. The noodle was pretty good but the sashimi entree was ridiculous. It's was tiny for 15$ only 5 pieces of sashimi and 12 small pieces of california roll. Also, the fish were thin sliced. It was not worth 15$ for sure. If it was 8$ i won't complain but quality and quantity doesnt match the price.
4	Excited to come back for a second time! Enjoyed my sashimi (which I'm always hesitant to order the first time at a sushi restaurant). Good service!!
4	Okay, I really like this place! It is about a mile away from my house, friendly service, and the food is great. Their happy hour can't be beat!My only gripe: I called in a take-out order last night and was told that orders were taking longer than usual and it would be a half hour. "No problem!" I said. I showed up almost exactly 30 minutes later, and I waited for at least another 20-30 minutes in the restaurant. I totally understand that it's a Friday night and things are busier than usual, but if that's the case week after week, plan for it! Hire a few more sushi chefs on the weekends to not keep so many people waiting. There were 4 other customers waiting for their to-go orders along with me. It was a bummer!Despite the long wait, I will go back (but dine in).
5	So excited for a new sushi restaurant in the neighborhood that got it right! Happy hour menu is awesome and the sushi is great. If you don't want to hassle with all the other sushi restaurants in old town with mediocre sushi and the typical singles crowd and want a laid back atmosphere with good food check this place out!
5	I am happy to find this place. First because I know the owner from the past and he's a really cool guy. But I didn't know that he owns this place until I came in and devoured every sushi roll. haha. We came after Happy Hours so our bill was on the pricey side. But looks like happy hour menu is not bad, drinks are pretty good. I love the yogurt martini, Korean signature. :)Sushi was awesome. portion was very generous.High quality rice and fish, veggies were fresh. The ambience is great. it's a huge restaurant! you have separated sushi bar area, dinning area and sport area, at least that's how I felt anyways.I guess the only one thing I think Bei can improve is the hostess. The guy clearly didn't know what he was doing, I am sorry. He seems sort of frustrated even though the restaurant wasn't that packed when we got there. The bartender girl was nice, but obviously was irritated by the hostess, and that showed. Good restaurant, good food. Perfect for a Friday night get-together. :)
5	Really love this place. Out of the way. Worth it. Good food. Great beer. Plenty of parking.
4	The food was super yummy! My favorite was the checkerboard roll. I have one sushi place I normally stick with, but it's definitely worth coming back to bei!
5	Sushi was amazing. I ordered the Las Vegas and baked salmon roll and it was super delicious! I hope to go again before I leave. Also, the staff was very friendly & great!
5	Amazing. Started with the miso soup and house salad. Also chose the chili garlic edamame as an appetizer. For our sushi roll, we selected the Desert Sunset Roll- (Shrimp Tempura, Crab Mix, and Cucumber, topped with Yellowtail, Avocado, and Ponzu Aioli). Incredible. The highlight of the meal had to be the  Spicy Crispy Chicken. Phenomenal. If you're looking for a laid-back, casual spot with fantastic food, Bei will not disappoint!
5	Friday after work happy hour spot. 4rolls, 2 sakis, and of course Olivia. Great service by Hung every time! Really fast and the sushi is fresh. Definitely recommend! This is my first yelp review btw.. Won't be my last :)
5	Excellent! I would highly recommend this place for its fresh and large cuts of fish, great prices, and pleasant atmosphere. The owner was present during our visit and was very attentive to all of the tables. As a sushi lover, I didn't think you could get quality sushi in the middle of the desert but this place proved me wrong. Coming back on my next trip to Arizona.
5	The best sushi place I have found in the Tempe/South Scottsdale area. The sushi was delicious and the happy hour/lunch prices were super reasonable! The service was friendly and timely.
4	This place from the outside is kind of sketch. But it is great on the inside.  The service was awesome,  the sushi came out a little slower than normal... but it's worth it. I will definitely be back again!
1	Wow. Like WOW! never, and I mean never! Go here. Unless you enjoy shitty service. I've never experienced worse service in my life. My friend and I got to the restaurant during happy hour around 8:50-9PM (keep in mind they're open until 11PM! So we were not the assholes that come in right before you close.). The manager sat us, and our server Carly came over after like 6-7 minutes of nothingness later.When she approached our table, it was clear she had no interest in serving us (I can't fathom why not, considering we were the ONLY table). It took her like 10 minutes to bring us our drinks. Luckily our food came out shortly after in a timely manner. I ordered the sweet potato roll, and it was the last thing to come out. I don't know if you've ever had sweet potato before, but in general they're orange, so seeing that they were clear/translucent was too weird for me. I would have sent it back, but Carly decided talking to her coworkers and ignoring us, even after we were clearly finished, was a better idea! So when she finally came over, I told her she could take it back & that something about it wasn't right. She stood there questioning me like I was on trial about why it wasn't right/what I thought was wrong. If a customer complains, it doesn't matter what the problem was, just take care of it!! So she takes the roll back, while asking the chef behind the counter if he wants to try it to see what he thinks (which he did try it!). UHM WHAT, YOURE GOING TO EAT FOOD OFF OF A CUSTOMER'S PLATE?! I'm sorry, but that's a MAJOR health code violation!!!! She ended up sending the manager over after that, who then further questioned me, but comped it anyway. When we finally looked at the check, some of the dishes weren't correctly priced as they were on the happy hour menu. So my friend approached the counter where she waited.. And waited for Carly to come over so she could show her the receipt's error. When she decided to come help, she tried to argue with my friend over the happy hour menu, saying that "well it changes every month." Well, excuse me, but it was on the menu, and my friend even showed her. She finally fixed it, and by the time she did, we had been waiting close to 10 additional minutes since the manager had been to our table. We spent about an hour and half at this restaurant. Unfortunately, I won't get that time or money back. Do NOT waste yours. Let this be a warning!
5	Was a little bit disappointed when we came in and was inform that Lao Thai close down because we personally knew the owner and their food was great but lucky day for us we're also sushi fanatics.Came in at lunch and was greeted right away.Their lunch special is the best deal in town the roll combo was a bargain 16 pieces of sushi for only 9  bucks the alaska and philly roll was definitely fresh and delicious Hung also recommended the chicken vento box to my boyfriend it comes with alot of different variety of food for only 7.25 another bargain to go along with our mai tai's Hung makes the best mai tai's in town! Overall the service was excellent and superb me and my boyfriend will return!
5	Extremely friendly and fun atmosphere.   We had lunch with appetizer .   Very good , fresh and delicious.   Our waiter was very attentive and helpful.   His name was Hung. We will be back again.
5	Fast and friendly.  Their Happy Hour is quite good.  Try the Bei Special Roll, it's ridiculous.
3	I'd give Bei a 3.5. Who ever the Yelpers are that compare it to Shin Bay, have obviously never been to Shin Bay. Not even close to Hiro, for that matter. We're talking Ra or Kona Grill at best. For shame fellow Yelpers, let's just call a spade, a spade. It's passable sushi in Scottsdale. For those who disagree...get out more. Try real sushi.
4	Love that we found this little gem! I was looking for a place for take-out and heard that Bei was not only good but had take-out and it's not far from my house so that's a bonus!My first time there I placed an order for take-out and ordered the Chicken Teriyaki, Golden Alaska Roll, Spicy Salmon Hand Roll and the Sashimi Salad. My boyfriend really enjoyed the Chicken Teriyaki and the servings are quite large, he also had the Golden Alaska Roll which was very fresh and great flavor all around. I had the Spicy Salmon Hand Roll and it was a nice large hand roll with a ton of salmon and it was very good. Not realizing how big the Sashimi Salad was I couldn't even make a dent on it after eating my hand roll so I saved it for the next days lunch and it was still very good.We have gone back several times and ate once at the bar there and had great service. Other items we have had is the Hamachi Kama and it's always soooooo good! One of my favorites I get everytime now. This has become one of our favorites for sushi as you can always get in and out whether you are in a hurry or not. Service is always great and everyone is very friendly the moment you walk in the door.
5	Suuuuper happy about bei. Up until they came into town, my bf and I would drive all the way from n. Scottsdale to Tempe marketplace for kabuki. Bei is easily as good as Kabuki, with super fresh sushi served at the exact right temperature. Very attentive and timely service. I judge a sushi restaurant by the hamachi and sake, and bei passed with flying colors. I'm also thankful they don't overdo the whole Americanized fried rolls with heavy mayo sauces. Always nice to see Mochi ice cream on the menu:)
5	Since I moved to Scottsdale from Tucson, Ive been trying to find a place that I could go to for sushi that wasnt called Ra.My buddy and I went for the reverse happy hour and were able to try anything we wanted because of the affordable prices of the rolls. This place is awesome and the service is great and attentive. I would recommend this spot to anyone. They also have live music some nights.
5	OMG. I came here for my birthday and it was amazing.  All the service and food is exceptional. Chang was wonderful.
1	Went with friends around 11 at night or so on a Friday. Ordered the salmon roll, shrimp tempura, and shared mochi ice cream with some friends. All tasted fine.Woke up the next morning with cramps, fever, chills, nausea, diarrhea, and vomiting.Draw your own conclusions.
5	Yum yum yum! This place is in a super weird location, but oh my gosh, the sushi is fantastic. I'm not a huge sushi connoisseur, but I eat it from time to time, and the roll I had here was honestly the best sushi roll I've ever had. My husband LOVED his, too, he had the Las Vegas and Golden Philly roll and raved about both. The wait staff is also super nice and attentive. Make sure to go for happy hour, too - fantastic prices on rolls! Can't say anything bad about the place.
4	We had a good visit here! I was thinking this was going to be a hip, modern Asian fusion-y type of sushi joint. I think it wanted to be, but the shopping center location and cheap feeling ambiance sort of detracted from that possibility. The food however, is good! I would definitely suggest, if you want a low-key nite, to come here. Everyone liked what they had and the prices were good. The ambiance is nothing special (and the music which attempts to make this place feel hipper than it is, is kind of silly). It's more of a 3.5, but I really liked the food and the price so we'll give it a 4! Nothing too exciting, nice staff, good food...if you are looking for hip, fun vibe, it's not the place...
5	I have ate here twice and I have NO complaints. The service starts as soon as you walk through the front door, as it should. After being greeted and thanked for coming in, we are ushered to our seats. The menu has everything you could imagine! Bento boxes, fresh Maki rolls, and every kind of Nigiri conceivable. We ordered the Sweet Potato Roll, the Nebraska roll, Tuna/Salmon/Yellowtail Nigiri, and a Vegas roll.The prices are the only thing that can beat how FAST the food came out. Within ordering, we had our food, all four rolls, at our ready. I will be coming back here again and again and again!
5	The people were helpful and the service was quick. I would absolutely go here again! The happy hour is great! There were a variety of different rolls to choose from
3	They're inching on "meh" territory now...Took a friend and shared my praise for Bei.  We had overly bland service (I'm sorry, were we keeping you from something honey) which turned into bizarre service.As we were down to merely nibbling on food, my dining mate ordered another cocktail.  Apparently we were expected to chug the drinks, pay, and then get the f outta there in 3 minutes.  Because as we continued to talk, every little item on our table was meticulously rearranged, talked about, and eventually removed.  Hours before they were to close, and with plenty of other folks in the restaurant (it was maybe 8:45), we both had to move around the waiters coming to take the condiments off the table, as if they were cleaning up and we had clearly overstayed our welcome.If we hadn't just ordered drinks (cost money and can't be taken as to-go drinks of course), or it was late and near closing time, or if the place was packed, we'd have absolutely left.  But then, we also wouldn't have ordered more drinks. Altogether, I was embarrassed to have recommended this place for so long, when it left a majorly bitter taste in our mouths.Ra may be corporate but at least they aren't dicks.
5	First. I have to thank our server for accommodating to my shellfish allergy and communication with the kitchen. I know. I know. It seems stupid to go to a restaurant which you are allergic to 3/4 of the menu items and then have them work around it. Good food, HH is amazing and service is beyond point.
4	Pretty good sushi here. Their sashimi portions are small for the price. But everything tasted great. They even have escolar. Yum!
4	This has been my third visit to Bei, and 2 out of the three times I have been extremely happy. I love how the menu has udon noodles and some other dishes I have not found at other sushi restaurants, and the sushi is pretty good. Also, any place that has happy hour until 7 is awesome, however an advertised $7 per sake bomb is nothing to get excited about.
4	My honey and I came here for the 1st time it was good would defiantly come again, we want to try happy hour or reverse happy hour! :) I had the spicy crispy chicken and he had the Bei Bulgogi both super tasty would defiantly order again but would ask for the Bei Bulgogi spicy next time, service was great too! We'll recommend and come again.....
3	Came here for lunch with a coworker.  Service was great but there were only 2 other parties in the restaurant.  My coworker ordered the Spicy Chicken Noodles and I had the Chicken Katsu Rice Bowl.  The rice bowl was good, but I'm pretty sure the chicken was the frozen kind as it had those fake katsu sauce lines on them.  My coworker said her noodle dish was more sweet than spicy, but she likes things very spicy.  We also ordered the Blazing Alaska Roll with the sriracha on the side and it was delicious!Overall the food service were both good.  We plan on coming back to try out their Happy Hour
3	I like the sushi here but I don't think it's fantastic.  I love the pearl filtered sake, and the service is usually great.  They are always falling over themselves to help you out.  Sometimes the service can border on the bizarre though.  I've never had them try to rush us out but sometimes the waiter can just be.... awkward.  Also, the interior is just ugly.  The booths and the bathroom scream diner, which is just not the type of interior I'm looking for when I'm eating sushi.
5	I love Bei. It's a friendly neighborhood bar and sushi restaurant, and the owners/staff will make your experience a great one. They are fun, friendly and will encourage you to join in on some late night karaoke as well as give you recommendations of their favorite options on the menu.They have every kind of seating imaginable (I love having those options), TVs (and will change the channel if you ask nicely), live music (on the weekends) and Happy Hour specials! My boyfriend and I ordered a bottle of sake there, and it came in a really cool ice bucket which made us happy.Get the stuffed mushrooms and thank me later. Oh yeah, and for Vegans they have Vegan options! : )Head over to Bei, and have a good time. You won't be disappointed.
2	Came here for my birthday dinner earlier this month since this place has almost 5 stars and figured it would surely be a great experience. There were 5 or 6 other parties dining in addition to my 2 person party (it was not a busy night by any means). It took almost 15 minutes for our waiter to even greet us. I mean it was to the point of getting really awkward and I almost walked back up the hostess to ask if we could please just get some water. Finally ordered some water and two mixed drinks. After nearly 10 more minutes, ONE of the mixed drinks arrived. Another 5 or 7 minutes go by and I ask our waiter if my drink is coming and he said 'oh yes it's on it's way'. I get my drink a few more minutes later (it only had 2 ingredients according to the menu) so I assume he forgot about it somehow. Then I ask if we can please get the waters also (at this point we had been there for more than 30 min). We ordered our food and it arrived in an appropriate amount of time. The sushi was good and the green tea tempura ice cream was good too. It's just such a shame that the service was so awful. We had at least 3 different waiters including, I think, a bus boy at one point who clearly didn't have experience waiting tables. What gave that away was when he stopped by our table and pointed at my drink and said "is that thing any good?"  Just a really strange dining experience and the wait staff seem really lost and confused.
4	This is my favorite sushi place! I love their happy hour specials and all their sushi rolls. Everything is high quality, ready quickly, and served by someone friendly.
4	I went to Bei yesterday with the family after a failed attempt at going to Totties (that is sort of another story, but some people had been waiting there over an hour.. yikes!). Anyway, My dad, stepmom, husband, and I arrived here at around 12:45 and it was fairly empty. My dad and I split the noodle and rice bowl combo (this thing is huge... like 2 full entrees) with the spicy chicken noodles and the spicy pork bowl and . The husband had the beef teriyaki bowl and my stepmom got the tempura bento box. The gyoza was pretty standard... like the frozen type, not awesome. The salad had a fairly good ginger dressing on it, but too much of it... like a pool at the bottom. I thought the spicy chicken noodles were very tasty, just the right balance of sweet and spicy on thick noodles with vegetables and chicken. The spicy pork was even better, it was spicy and had the right amount of sauce to rice ratio... I liked both very much. The rest of the food was fairly mediocre. Anyway, I would consider going back for the items I ordered, but probably wouldn't get the other items.
1	I went to this restaurant on 7/5/2014 and when I went in the atmosphere was nice. However it took a long time for the waiter to come take my order. That's not the worst when I finally got my food and started eating their was a COCK ROACH crawling out of it. It was so disgusting I called the manager over and he saw it crawling around in the food and was grossed out. He said this has never happend  and said its because it came from the back kitchen, but he can assure me that he can make me fresh sushi. I said no, I don't won't anything from here ever again. I didn't have to pay the bill, but I just thought you all should know that this restaurant is not sanitary. I will be reporting them to the health department. I've never experienced anything like this.
3	Salads remain tasty, and the calamari fillet appetizer was tasty. Hot sake is also good. This is the second time I've been here, and the second time I have received so-so service from the sour-faced waitress and great service from the busboy. I wish my tip would go to him exclusively. Come for the starting salad... Then get out quickly and go elsewhere for main courses and sushi rolls, as ours were of average quality and upper-third pricing.
4	Fantastic food.  A little pricy for a small strip-mall location.  Regardless, I will be back.
5	Decided to try Bei for lunch during the work week since my co-worker was craving noodles so I suggested we go to Bei since she hadn't been yet and it wasn't far from work. The place wasn't busy (maybe 5 tables of people sitting) and once we sat we looked at the lunch specials. My girlfriend had the 1 Noodle and 1 Rice bowl special. I had the Mixed Tempura Box.Ok we were SHOCKED at how much food came out for that price!!!! Mine came with a salad, CA roll (4 pc), mixed tempura w/veggies and shrimp, and rice and it was huge! I didn't even touch the rice, CA roll or finish all the veggies and I am stuffed. Her's came out and the Udon noodles bowl was HUGE (dinner size portion) with veggie tempura AND a rice pork bowl (dinner size portion). We were so full by the time we left.Here's was $12.95 and mine was $7.95. You cannont beat that. Someone could easily split one dish for two people.Service was also great like always.
5	I love this place, and the sushi is awesome!! Bartenders are so nice and kind to customers, and I got free drinks
4	I have been here a few times and a friend and I had dinner there last night. We went during happy hour and the prices are great, probably the best you can find in the area! The rolls we had were good- tootsie, cali, and Vegas. We also had edamame, miso soup, and dumplings. Overall we were very pleased with the food! Our server was somewhat friendly but got short with us here and there. Not a huge deal, but it turned us off a bit and that's why I gave bei 4 out of 5 :)
4	Awesome service, very friendly staff!
4	I am a happy hour junkie and this is probably my favorite place to go. There are so many delicious things to chose from on their happy hour menu! Their Bei stuffed mushrooms and the Las Vegas roll are my favorite. I also loved the Escolar Nigiri when it was on happy hour. I wish they would bring back the Chili Garlic Edamame on happy hour but it was probably too popular. Their house sake is only $2.50 and certain well drinks are only $3.50. I go there so much Chase knows what I want to drink right when I walk in lol. I recently went their during lunch and their lunch specials are also awesome. You can get two basic rolls (includes alaska and tootsie) and a miso soup for $8.95! I wish this place was closer to work so that I could eat it everyday.
4	Very decent place to get sushi. Everything was pretty good. I love the Scottsdale Roll. The place is big but wasn't crowded or busy. Nothing special and just an average sushi place but definitely a place to go if you want some good sushi in Arizona.
4	I went to Bei with my sister on Sunday 8/10.  We got two lunch specials - each included two rolls and a bowl of soup.  Rolls were very good and the soup was, also.  Price was good - $8-9 for this per order.  have yet to check it out for happy hour but will be back.  hope they pick up more business - it's right next to Frashers but kind of obscure in a no-named little strip mall.  our server was very nice and attentive and the food came out in a timely manner but no one else was there.  bar area seems large and they have TV's for sports!  asparagus veggie roll was delish!!!
5	Sushi is always amazing!!! Definitely recommend this place. Clean and service is good. Great HH too!!!
3	The service was fine. They have very attentive servers. And I find that the quality of the sushi was well made.Ordered the Philly roll during happy hour and was not disappointed. I'll have to try the other rolls as well.Check in for a free miso soup! :)
5	I went here for a quick lunch take out and got the Chicken Teriyaki Bento Box, so my review isn't about the sushi really. But it was really really good, and it was a ton of food and I was super impressed. It came with the chicken, rice, California roll (4 pc), gyoza (2 pc), vegetable tempura (sweet potato, zucchini, mushroom, onion), and a house salad with really good Asian dressing. All for $7.50! The chicken teriyaki was mixed with different vegetables and was good. The veggie tempura was probably my favorite. Even though I got it to go and it was at least 15 min to get back to the office and start eating, the tempura was still crispy and warm and was really good. I couldn't even finish everything. When I picked it up I was greeted right away and my food was ready in very quickly. The service was nice and I have no complaints. I will definitely be back!
3	Came back for lunch with some coworkers.  Food was good (I had the beef teriyaki bento box) but service was AWFUL.  The waiter came to our table and awkwardly stood behind one of my friends.  She turned around to let him know we were ready to order and his response "i know, that's why I'm standing here".  At the end he just dropped all our checks on the table instead of handing each check to us.  Also someone asked him to break a $5 and he said no.I've been here twice before and never had a problem with service.  It was a disappointing experience as I do like the food.
4	Quick, friendly and reasonably priced! They do karaoke some evenings, too!
5	Excellent Addition to SoDo!My boyfriend and I ate at Bei for the first time last night, and we were pleasantly surprised. We have been long time patrons on Sushi 101, but I believe Bei is equally as satisfying, if not better. The happy hour sushi menu is incredible. Their specialty rolls are the most reasonably priced sushi you will find at any happy hour. We ordered the Las Vegas roll, for just under $7, and it was phenomenal in appearance, size, and flavor! All of the rolls we ordered, including the basic spicy tuna roll, were very generously portioned, and I am not just talking about extra rice to make them appear larger. The fish was supplied in large quantities/cuts, and was fresh and flavorful. When we first entered the establishment, we were immediately greeted and ushered in by the owners/managers with warm smiles and great attitudes. Our waitress Brittany was equally enthusiastic and good-natured, providing suggestions and attention to our needs. I also ordered the house sake, which came in a smaller sized bottle, but still amounted to three shots, and for $2.50, I have no complaints! The sake was the perfect temperature and went down smoothly. They also offer sake bombs for $6.95 during all business hours, instead of limiting the special to happy hour. There was live music when happy hour ended at 7, but the ambiance was relaxing and the tunes weren't overbearing. I will definitely return to this establishment in the future, and recommend it to anyone looking for some great sushi in SoDo (SoSco? Or whatever they end up labeling Scottsdale south of Indian School...)! P.S. Our waitress pronounced it as 'Bay'
5	I have been at this restaurant since it opened and their food has always been delicious! Great lunch specials, everything is good but specifically the Salmon combo- it is so tasty and it's a huge portion. The owners are always very nice and give great costumer service. Highly recommended.
4	First off the sign is very small. Maybe because of the name but the place is pretty big inside and clean.  Got greeted immediately and was attended to for drinks and ordering. Got the free miso soup offer from yelp. Small bowl but really good. Ordered off the lunch special and got the tempura box and was completely full. Will need to go back for just the sushi to see if I can give more stars. Received a free California sushi card from our waiter which was nice.  Ordered a beer which I was a bit expensive for $5 a bottle.
5	A hidden gem in South Scottsdale. Excellent food and very attentive service. Check it out!!
5	Went here before going to old town with some friends... I had the Nebraska Roll and let me just say, probably some of the best sushi I have had! I also had the egg rolls for an appetizer and those were pretty great too. It is a pretty casual laid back atmosphere. Wait staff was good. Will definitely be visiting in the near future!
4	Solid!!This is a pretty no frills place that isn't very fancy and for the most part could be a Denny's with Sushi but the Sushi is top notch. Really reasonable as well. Especially for happy hour.Things I loved: vegas rolls, spicy tuna, unagi, stuffed mushroomsThing I probably wouldn't get again: gyoza, tootsie rollI think I've found my new favorite happy hour sushi place
5	Thank you Hung for great service!! Lunch was fantastic, definitely will be back again
5	Best sushi I've had in a long time. Happy hour prices are unbeatable too. Las Vegas, Nebraska, and Volcano rolls were amazing!
5	Absolutely loved this place! The sushi was fresh and delicious and the service was fantastic (thanks, Cody)!! Can't recommend him or this plan enough :)
5	We come here often on Friday nights -- great people, very good service, perfect drinks, happy hour menu has variety and changes, no complaints at all after many visits.   In addition, the place is divided up so that have three venues: a bar, a sushi bar, plus tables and booths.  Bathrooms are spotless.
5	I've been waiting to write Bei a review!!!Bei is one of my favorite Sushi spots in Scottsdale. It's not right in old town which eliminates insane wait times but is equally as delicious if not better. They have a great happy hour and a HUGE menu. From speciality rolls to noodle dishes and fried rice, you aren't limited to eating sushi if you are craving some other type of Asian dish. We love the Las Vegas Roll, Nebraska roll and the Spicy Chicken Noodle Dish.The staff is typically super great, quick and happy to have you as a customer. I agree with the other reviews, the actual restaurant isn't fancy and it's located in a plaza on Scottsdale Rd. but you absolutely wont' regret visiting!
5	i love this place.... great customer service and my tummy is really happy. the flavor are all fresh and shushi just melt in your mouth....will be back happy customer
4	Having read a number of good reviews had the opportunity to stop in for lunch while getting a new set of tires installed down the road.  Selected the Chicken Teriykai bento box.RatingHigh:Service - Attentive but not overly so.Chicken Teriyaki - Great flavor with a mix of veggies, not over seasoned or salty I would order this again as a main dish.Veggie Tempura - Veggies were crisp, not overcooked and not greasy.Medium:Goyza - Nothing particularly stand out but a solid OKCalifornia Roll - Nothing particularly stand out but a solid OKOverall:Bei is added to my restaurant rotation, the quality and service were good and portions were generous.  Looking forward to exploring the HH options and broader menu.
5	Love this place! Chang is the best! Seriously, quit surfing for other sushi reviews mid-Scottsdale. If you go there ask for Chang, I ordered once and came back like a month later and he asked me if i wanted the exact same thing and quotes my order. Amazing service!
5	Food & service was too notch!! Some of the best sushi I have had in a very long time. If you come, try to get the waiter Hung. He is super nice & has great recommendations. I was a first time customer from out of town. Will for sure be stopping in here each time I'm in Scottsdale!
5	Stopped in for lunch to try some place new. The restaurant was very clean and nicely decorated. We sat down and ordered off the lunch menu. Very good prices for all they had to offer. I ordered the sushi roll combo and my friend ordered the chicken teriyaki box. We really got a lot for what we paid for. I got 2 big sushi rolls and ended up taking 1 of the rolls home to go. The chicken teriyaki box was also very large with a variety of items. Service was very good and we will be back.
5	Love love love this place. My new spot. Such amazing options to choose from and all very decently priced. I enjoyed the yellowtail sashimi with FRESH wasabi! Greg happy hour as well. The style inside is like a local old school sushi joint- very cool.
3	I am very happy that we have a decent and reasonably priced sushi joint in Scottsdale as an alternative to some of the more expensive yet mediocre options in Old Town. Bei is in a very unimpressive strip mall, yet delivers some good eats in a humble setting (read: not much ambiance). I've had enough good and bad sushi to know that "atmosphere" rarely speaks to the quality of fish or talent of the sushi chef. And I like that this is much more laid back and casual than its neighbors to the north.Happy Hour is definitely a bargain with a fairly large window from 4-7pm every day and 9pm to close. The sushi choices on discount are plentiful, though the beverage choices could stand a few more options. I like a good Kirin from time to time, but I really wish they had just one or two craft beer choices or perhaps a decent wine option. I do wish I could rave about the food as many 1-time visitors have, but I'm not quite there yet. The basic rolls and appetizers are done really well. The spicy tuna/salmon are delicious and we loved the calamari appetizer (though please come up with a better sauce than mayo). Basics are awesome, but I'm always looking for some creative specialty rolls that are decently priced and play on great flavors. The specialty roll selection here is a bit unimpressive. A significant portion of them include "crab mix," "spicy crab," or a California roll toped with "xyz" - which we all know is menu-speak for imitation fish + more mayo - and it tastes like it even with quality fish added into/on top of the rolls. The actual fish they serve is wonderful, but why serve so much of it with mock-fish? It's overpowering and distracts from what coule be some very delicious sushi.The service was attentive and friendly from both the bar and table perspectives. I will definitely return to Bei and stick with the basic rolls and sashimi for as much Happy Hour love as I can, but I'm hopeful they'll peel away from a the overabundance of crab mix in favor of the lovely fish they serve.
5	Had the Chirashi bowl.  Was very fresh and delicious. only 15.95 for 10 big pieces.I think I'll try the spicy Chirashi bowl next time I come. By the way the rice had sweet bamboo notes very delicious.Hung our server and he was great!
5	Salmon nigiri... Simply the best! We are always treated like family even when they are busy. In fact, one of the owners shared his Mom's homemade Kim Chee with me. We don't need to ask for gluten free soy or Soju because the owners and staff simply remember.
5	Extremely happy we found this place.  Sushi is good and reasonablly priced.  Nice atmosphere, not trendy.  Good Happy Hour.Cody was our server and did a great job.
5	Hung our server is great.  He remembered from last time that were here that I wanted to try the Spicy Chirashi Bowl. I ordered the Spicy Chirashi bowl and it is perfect.
5	My hubby and I moved back to the East Valley after a two year stint in the northwest valley where we were totally obsessed with Yen Sushi at 43rd Ave and Bell.  We have been searching for a place to fill Yen's shoes ever since we moved back.  We have found our new go-to sushi place.  Thank you Bei!  The cucumber salad was vinegar-y and delicious and the free check-in miso soup was nicely salty sprinkled with the crunch of scallions.  We ordered the Bei roll which was such a pleasant surprise.  Every piece of roll was a new adventure because they all have different fish toppings.  They have a lot of selections for happy hour rolls as well as drinks .  One suggestion: add Sapporo to the happy hour beer selections.  Why Kirin and not Sapporo?
4	Discovered this place on Yelp so checked it out a month ago with a friend.  Since then, been back 3 times already.  It's kind of unassuming given it's in the shopping mall and nothing outside seems to scream 'come on in' about it.  I don't know if it's the best but I had others highly reviewed sushi joints and they were just ok.  The attentiveness and customer service here is just right.  Not bothersome but always there when I need something.  Don't believe the owners are Japs but who cares when I can get a damn cold Asahi with good sashimi right?
5	I love this place. Pearl Sushi used to be our place to go, but this is much better. The rolls are amazing and the hot dishes are fantastic too. My husband got the spicy chicken dish and I couldn't stop eating it and now we crave it! Haven't tried anything bad yet. Go here. You wont regret it.
5	Excellent happy hour menu! Free Miso Soup with check in. The salmon nigiri sushi off the happy hour menu was soooo melt in your mouth! Reasonable prices and quick service.
3	Coming in, we were greeted and felt welcomed. The waiter wasn't very helpful in choosing our meal and giving us options. We started with eating the miso soup, unfortunately that was cold and salty. The sushi was alright, nothing special. And main course which consisted of thinly sliced beef was alright too. Nothing that would make me come back honestly. And the waiters seemed like they were in a hurry all the time.
5	Charsiu ramen and bulgogi at the same time?!You got it, Bei. I like these combination places that don't bleed flavors from one cuisine to the other. Bei does it correctly. My ramen was distinctly ramen and the bulgogi for the table was properly marinated and sliced. At some other places that don't do it correctly, any sliced and marinated beef could be teriyaki or bulgogi or beef and broccoli. The table behind mine had a great time with their rolls and you can tell from the other reviews that sushi is a hit here. I think Bei is a well-rounded option for Korean and Japanese food if you or your party can't decide on just one genre. Rich's recommendation: come with friends and order to share. It's rare that you can get good Korean and Japanese food in one spot.
3	Glad to be back to AZ and craving some sushi. Once my father told me "if you want fresh fish, eat at the coast, you won't find fresh fish in the desert"  I guess times have changed.The place looks nice, on a strip mall, the ambiance is kind of cold, seamed to me like of a old breakfast place. I sat at the bar that is oddly positioned at the entrance and at first smelled a bit like floor cleanerThe warmth of the place is on the service, fast friendly and with a smile.My beer was cold, off to a good start.Menu offers some different spins on the traditional and great variety of dishes without being overwhelming.I ordered some salon sashimi and a couple of different sushi.I was a bit disappointed even though the quality and fat of the fish seemed good it had a slight "fridge" taste. May be the way the store it is not the beast? I don't know nevertheless killed my will to come againSafe yelping
5	I've gone here three times recently to watch MLS soccer games that are subject to broadcast blackouts.  The staff has been very friendly and remembered I was there to watch the soccer game even when customers who came in later wanted to watch other games and Chang even knows a thing or two about soccer.  I've talked to him on my last two visits.  There are about 10 TVs here so there are plenty to go around.The food here is good too.  They know how to make good iced tea (i.e. not bitter), which by the way goes well with pickled ginger, and the sushi I've had here has been as good as any I've had here in the valley.  My favorite so far is the sashimi salad, but I still have to make my way around the rest of the menu during the remainder of the MLS playoffs.
5	Great lunch specials! Garlic edamame ... yes!
3	Not horrible. That is actually a compliment from me when talking about a japanese restaurant. I eat sushi at least once a week and have tried almost every joint in the valley not to mention many around the country. I have eaten sushi in the sushi Mecca of the Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo. Bei isn't horrible just average leveling up there with stingray and Ra although less expensive. The sushi is Americanized but I appreciated their miso soup and gyoza. Not bad for a quick bite in south Scottsdale.
5	What an awesome place for really great fresh sushi! Very reasonable $$ with great rolls on their happy hour menu...For great service, ask for Chase !
5	Great sushi options, attentive service.  The edamame and miso soup are to die for.
5	Love this place! Great, clean food, service is consistently solid. Really nice and engaging owners/management and reasonable prices. Bigger than you would expect servings too!
4	Pretty nice place.  Ordered:Edamame - excellentTootsie roll - averagePhilly roll - goodMiso soup - goodAs far as the sushi, I prefer Sake Bomber over on Broadway.  But this place had a very engaging bartender.  Unfortunately they close mid day for two hours, so we were rushed.  Make sure you have plenty of time to eat if you go for lunch.
5	For a sushi restaurant so far from the coast, the sushi here was super-fresh, served fast and the staff was friendly. We sampled from the late night happy hour menu--good value. It was delicious, and we will be back!
4	My family has our traditional sushi place in Phoenix, which has now closed (RIP Sushi on Shea!). This was our attempt to replace it. Although there are not a large number of particularly fancy rolls, the sushi was well-made and super tasty. The salads were reasonably priced and had lots of fish on them (especially the spicy tuna salad, which is amazing!). The Green Bei Roll will be something I will go back to again and again. The servers were very attentive and food came out very quickly.
5	Love this sushi place! The rolls are delicious and the happy hour is amazingly cheap, yet again delicious.
5	Fantastic little spot! Doesn't look like much from the outside, but what a gem! We went during happy hour and feasted on delicious rolls at very fair prices! Fresh fish, delicious combinations, wonderful service!
4	A nice stop for lunch, with friendly staff and good food. I sat at the bar and order the lunch special which is reasonable prices and good portioned. Plenty of seating with good space.the rolls I ordered were fresh and flavorful, great selection of Japanese beer and wines to complement.Worth a stop if you have a sushi craving!
4	Great spot. We often go for the late happy hour (9pm-close) and get a couple appetizers and Sake bombs. Appetizers are $3-7.
5	Not only do they have arguably the best sushi in town but the customer service is also five star. Very friendly and accommodating, even when I ordered after they had shut down the kitchen, they still took my to go order. That's what keeps people coming back...and the Bei special roll.
3	3.5 starsThe husband and I went for Christmas dinner because we had cooked up a storm for our Christmas Eve feast with our sister & brother in law. It was just the two of us and we were both craving sushi. The rolls are on the pricier side but they were pretty good. The fish wasn't the freshest but overall was decent. The service was a bit slow considering there weren't that many tables.
5	We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door. Quickly seated and served water and menus. I like how they decorated the restaurant. Much better than the previous Thai restaurant that was here before. I ordered the Calamari appetizer. I believe the best Calamari appetizer I have ever tasted. Loved the crisp panko coating. I also had the Tootsie Roll. Very good and filling. My friend ordered the lunch special Mixed Tempura Box. Boy, did it look yummy! It must have been because he ate every bite. The Bento Box had so much food for only $7.95. The only thing I was disappointed in was the Seafood Dynamite. It did not taste fresh.  It had a strong "imitation" flavor to it. Besides that, it was very difficult to eat with chopsticks. I thought I was going to get something similar to RA's Scallop Dynamite. Very different. I do not recommend this appetizer at all. The experience was nice. Staff eager to please. Food delicious. Restaurant clean. I will come back.
5	I'm so glad that we found this place.  I've only had rolls and I highly recommend them. Prices are fair and the lunch special can't be beat, but it's great for dinner as well.  Special shout out to Gary, a great waiter!
5	My wife and I stopped at Bei for a late lunch and were blown away by both the quality and prices. The sushi was exceptional and the happy hour prices were unbelievable. I have happily paid more money for lower quality sushi in the past. We will definitely be  coming back here as often as possible.
2	Took the family to lunch at Bei.  Very disappointing experience after seeing all those 4/5 stars review.This is a typical Americanized Japanese restaurant.  Sushi/regular dishes were nothing special.  Perhaps my expectation was too high after reading the Yelp reviews.  I was expecting much higher quality like Hiro Sushi.Service was so-so as well.  Had to ask for things multiple times to get a response.  Check came quickly enough though.  I guess it's time for the server to take a break.
5	One of my favorite places to eat sushi in Scottsdale.  Great staff, great food and overall a 5* experience. Always crave Bei for their awesome fish.
5	Wonderful sushi and sashimi, great service, and friendly staff. The garlic edamame and tuna sashimi is awesome.
5	I went to BEI ,last night great server Brittany,she was Friendly and on the Ball. Keep my drink cup full and the food was great. Had a good time. Seriously going to be Back for more. Thanks Brittany for knowing the Menu and being so sweet.
5	Best sushi in The Phoenix area! Staff is always pretty nice and the quality is awesome. Have never had a roll I didn't like! I go there a few times a month! Highly recommend you try it out
