5	So excited that I run into a great new place with great ambience and super friendly staff ... THE CREPE AT TIVOLI VILAGEI had dinner at The Crepe and tried both the savory and sweet crepes and they were delicious. The place is clean and the staff made the experience great.The place on the first floor of the The Market LV, next to Brio.
1	The other review is nonsense. The ambiance is a big empty room with stone floors. There is no decor at all. Nithing on the walls, no signs, no menus even. I went twice and both times did not get any food. Today, I tried again and watched them serve people who arrived after me and ordered after me by a good 5 minutes. I can be patient and know that good food takes time, but no customers are more important than others. Bad service.
5	Such amazing crepes, granted have just had the sweet but i'm sure the savory is just as good.  They use organic ingredients and the batter is wonderful.  Great atmosphere, very laid back and it is family run for now.  They are wonderful and as i said the food is amazing.  By far one of the best crepes I've ever had.
5	very nice place with a European flavor.  Big choice of very tasty crepes served in a large portion.  Outdoor seating! Pleasant people to serve you.  Can Vegas appreciate such a great new spot?  Hope so.
5	I really enjoyed the crepes that Agnus prepared for my family and I.  Really great customer service and delicious food! Unfortunately we live in Texas but if I ever return to Vegas I'm definitely stopping by here again!
5	We love this place, the chef uses fresh local ingredients, and i love the flavor combinations. Also, they have good coffee. I liked their eggs Benedict crepe, it was off the hook yummy. We will return.
4	Really really wanted too love this place, But the sour attitude of the chef has made my experience unpleasant and i will not return.I show up at 715 am,  mind you they open at 7.. Chef says come back in 10 minutes, and i can make your breakfast, i gave her 20 minutes. At 735 She said i am not ready to make eggs yet come back in 15!!!   So, i came back at 9 am, i really wanted a delicious crepe like we enjoyed last week... I walk in, get to the counter and she says" i have a French crepe, you want a French crepe" i said sure, since she had it in her hand extended out to me while i stood there. I actually would have liked a seat, and an espresso too. i guess that's what was lying around. I cut it open while standing  and saw no cheese, no bechemel, no onion_ i didn't even want a French crepe! I ordered a French crepe the week before, it was good.. But with all of the options i wanted to try the maple syrup crepe. This crepe she handed me, with an angry air about her didn't look anything like the French crepe i enjoyed last week. I dOuble check the menu ,and yes was missing farmer cheese, onion, bechemel and love.  She is zooming around , its not even busy and she says too me quote" you should go, its about to get crazy in here".. Appalling!  Okay i will go eat my mistake crepe on the curb. I make the attempt to get cream and sugar in my coffee. Which took a while and then she handed me one sugar packet. No stir stick nothing. Just here, now go. I wanted cream! So i asked one of the.waitresses for cream, she very kindly got it for me. What a hassle for some breakfast! Getting fixings for your coffee is like pulling teeth! This was my last week at market, and i would have.made a special trip to tivoli for a good crepe. But the whole interaction left me a bad feeling...
4	My husband and I really like this place! We were very excited to try it and glad we did! The chef is very friendly, we have had many conversations with her. She really puts her heart into this place!I read some of the other reviews and yes, it's true, when they first opened they did not have much decor and did not have enough menus - no big deal! I go to a restaurant for food and for the experience, not the decor! The decor is coming along and they now have enough menus. They just opened and sometimes when a restaurant first opens, it's a little disorganized. I have tried several of their crepes - from sweet to savory. I prefer savory to sweet so I have tried more of the savory options. All have been tasty! The only critique is regarding the Indian Curry Style crepe - I feel like it should have had more spice! Or at least the option to add spice. I support this The Crepe because it is a wonderful concept,  they use locally grown food and they have plenty of options for people with dietary restrictions (gluten free, Vegan). Also, the food is GOOD!
3	The server was really sweet and helpful. My crepe was ok though. I ordered the Japan crepe and it was pretty salty. I think it was from the miso sauce that was on it. But girl and chef overheard me talking to my friend and offered to make it less salty next time I stop by, which was really sweet in my opinion. Overall good service and kind staff, but food was average.
5	Love it. Mexico is awesome. Greece is good if u have the craving. Small coffee shots for quick pick me up.
2	It's jazz night. Good incentive to come in. We order and 27 minutes pass. Listen, a crepe takes just a couple minutes at most. Then ingredients (which are likely ready to go) pile in. 27 minutes elapse, though. We just pay for our drinks and leave.It seems to me that just a few people run the whole operation - poorly. Just one chef. Just one waitress. Just one cashier. Very, very slow. And also very expensive. I saw what the crepes were on another table and they are a long shot from justifying a $10-11 value.I'll definitely re-do this review after actually having a crepe.
5	Beautiful restaurant. The owners are wonderful people and even came out to see how we enjoyed the food. Everything is handmade and the wait was surprisingly short. Wonderful place in the new shopping center. I'll be coming here a lot.
5	So delicious! The creme brule crepe was amazballs! They even have gluten free batter for my wife! Yum!
1	Very very very slow service the host is pushy and order came wrong twice! Buon appetite. p.s. we were one of only 2 tables in this horrible place and waited  46 min before our bed food showed up .
5	Had Christmas Day brunch - absolutely fabulous crepes and marvelous staff.  Enjoyed breakfast crepes and shared a sweet one !  Will definitely go again and again.  Sweet sounding string trio today !
5	We've been meaning to try this place, and today while walking around tivoli realized they have an indoor play area.  An indoor play area that's not a mcdonalds?  Since we have a three year old we were sold.  Service was really sweet and friendly-- I love being able to support a family owned business.  And our crepes were great, too.  Did I mention their indoor play area for kids meant I actually got to sit and eat my food for once?  It did take a bit for the crepes to come out, so if you are looking for instantaneous food you will probably be disappointed.  I didn't mind though, and the manager mentioned to me they are hiring more staff in an effort to be a little faster.  For me, even with the wait, as long as my kid was entertained I didn't mind sitting and visiting with my husband for awhile.  We'll definitely be back.
5	I love crepes.  And when I found out that a new place called The Crepe opened up at Tivoli Village, I was super excited to try it. Right next to Brio and very casual. The service was excellent, the prices were very reasonable. I had a difficult time choosing what breakfast crepe I wanted.  I finally decided on the USA, which is basically Benedict florentine on an open faced crepe. Superior presentation and phenomenal taste. The chef and owner came up to our table to ask how we liked it and you can tell she is very passionate about her culinary skills.  Everything is made with love. I can't wait to go back. Oh and the coffee there is the best I've ever had. I LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	Great food, amazing service. Coffee is very good. It's all espresso, not filter, or brewed. No refills, just awesome coffee drinks.Roomie atmosphere, sunny, friendly, conversational noise level and ambience.
4	This place was great. Small, great music and the food was wonderful! Easy to tell they use fresh ingredients. Wait time for food was a little long but definitely worth it.
4	This place is amazing!! Their philosophy is to try to capture the flavors of a specific region.. They try to be very creative with their food and flavors! We tried the Argentinian crepe and it was  delicious!! It was made of grilled meat and chimichurri sauce which we learned was homemade! I ordered the Greek crepe and the flavors were great!! For desert we ordered the Nutella which was good but nothing out of the ordinary. The Nutella was a bit overwhelming, but the fruit was pretty fresh! The owner recommended to get the crembrule, so i guess next time i will do that! The service was very good and the owners were very personable with their clients! I would highly recommend this place!
1	If there were a prize for 'Worst of Las Vegas', this "restaurant" would win first place! It would also win worst place for service, food quality, and wait time (you can wait more than 30 min for the worst crepe that you could ever eat).P.S. If you write them on Yelp what you think of their business, they will rudely reply -WTF!
5	I had a pleasant evening here with a friend. We met the chef Agnus(or was it Angus? I'm sorry if it is a mistake), she was very knowledgeable in her business and was very kind to us. We had a crepe duo, one savory and one sweet. Our savory dish was the Morocco, as recommended by Agnus as something I've never tried. It was the most interesting flavor I've ever tasted in a crepe. It was sweet, tangy, and a little spicy all at the same time and very subtle. We had the Europa as our sweet crepe. It is filled with Nutella and fresh fruit. It was utterly delicious. The Nutella was not overwhelming and the fruit went well with it. The crepes were perfectly cooked. As the chef said, "You cannot cut it with a fork, you must use a knife. If you can eat it with just a fork then your crepe is undercooked."We also had a Monaco(creme brulee) and it was the best creme Brule I've ever had in my life. Everything on it and in it all had its own special taste. I heard this was a popular dish here, and would highly recommend it. Their cappuccino was also very good too!! Not to mention we got some things on the house, but that is not why it was so great as not everyone reading this should go and expect it ;p but the reason why I mention it is that the people who work there know how to be impressionable. Not just the chef, the waiters and waitresses too.hope you try try them out and enjoy your experience like I did!:)
1	Portions were really small. I didn't want a snack size, I wanted a daddy size. And when they ask if you want coffee, they say *is an Americano okay? That's not coffee. It's espresso and water.
1	Went for Sunday Breakfast. Long wait, could not understand no gloves, no hand washing, no hat in the kitchen. When we paid the girl stopped prepping, took cash and went back to prepping without washing hands. Disgusting!!
3	Passed by here after dinner and saw that there's daily events here, both during the day and night. Decide to stay here for their live jazz that happens on Saturday nights. Jazz was not too bad. I suspect most of the patrons here are really here for the performance by this relatively young jazz band. Most patrons, like me, only ordered a beverage. Service was friendly. I really appreciate the warm hospitality the staff was giving. My only complaint is I wished there were wine or some sort of alcoholic beverage that we can order, other than coffee or smoothie. I mean, c'mon, jazz without some vino?
5	A wonderful little gem. Stopped in for an open mic night and ended up trying the Alaska and the Canada. They were both delicious and the portions are generous. The place is run by a small crew but they see very dedicated to the quality of their entrees.One of the high points was the fact that they add a little fresh fruit or salad to each entree they serve, so you get a great looking plate and a nice additional flavor.I'll definitely be back to sample more from their fun, country themed menu!
5	Absolutely delicious!! If you come here, you must try the Europa, Nutella with fruit... It's so tasty! I love this place and the owner is very friendly and will come up and talk with you! Such a nice environment with delicious crepes!!
4	Can't really say I am a crepe guy honestly...usually they just don't satisfy my hunger, so I end up eating two of them to feel satisfied....then I just wished I had a traditional breakfast LOL.  Just not my style of breakfast is all.Thankfully, "The Crepe's" savory portions are a bit larger than others I've had in the past.  I'd still probably need the second one, but at least I don't feel hungry immediately afterwards eating only one.The reason I am giving the extra star was due to the Mommy/Daddy & Me deal, where the little ones get a FREE crepe (sweet or savory) just half portioned.  This lets Little Foodie and me eat relatively well for a fair price!We tried the Germany ($10.50): Bratwurst, Sauerkraut, Pickles, Green Onion & Mustard Sauce. Interesting combination, but it works well! Good size and pretty filling considering it's a crepe lol. Italy ($9.80): Cured Prosciutto, Scrambled Eggs, Italian Cheese, Tomatoes & Pesto Sauce.  A bit less filling than the Germany, but I enjoyed the flavors here.Europa ($6.50 Kid's size): Nutella & Fruit. Just like it sounds...with plenty of Nutella hiding inside!  Some places are a bit stingy with the goods, but they LAYER Nutella in there :)Would be worth checking out if you are in the area, esp with a little one!  Right next to the park, so let the little ones work off that sugar when you're finished :P
1	We had to wave at the server to give us a menu coz we have been sitting for 10 minutes - my latte took 15 minutes to make- this place  needs organization- servers doesn't seem to know what's going on- they act like its busy when there's more severs than customers !! the vibe here is just hectic and service is just bad- the food we don't know and never will coz we walked out after waiting for two crepes for an hour!! Also The female chef had a cast around her hand- isn't that against health code ?
2	Visited with my two sisters and daughter and was rather disappointed. Loved the decor and feel of Europe, however we were very disappointed with the quality of the crepes. I've been enjoying crepes for more than 20 years and was taught by a very good friend of mine to make crepes at home (French style). We'd seen this restaurant and really  were eager to give it a try. Service was pretty slow. Our order was not complete, so we had to ask the server to cancel a soup since we were almost finished out meal. We were told by our server that the chef was giving her a hard time in the kitchen. When we finally went up to pay for our meal, which no one ever came over to tell us that we needed to see the cashier. However, we did not receive a bill. So, we assumed the server was coming back to complete everything. When we signaled to a waiter, he explained that we needed to go to the cashier to pay. Our server was not visible and the cashier explained that she was given the task to help us at the last minute. Too many excuses for shortfalls.
3	Lets start what what we enjoyed about The Crepe...We came on a Saturday night and they had a fantastic Jazz quartet - they were honestly excellent musicians.The ambiance is really cute. Super open, airy, European, chic, and trendy. I loved the fact that they had an open children's play area. we have little ones so that is a definite plus in my book. The waitresses that helped up were both very sweet and pleasant.When our Venezia crepe was brought out to us it looked delicious...if only the taste of it agreed with the presentation of it. The Venezia description was "cannoli cream, black and white chocolate." My husband and I both love cannolis, but if your hoping for something that tastes anything like a cannoli you will be sorely disappointed. The filling was curdy and rather runny, the white chocolate chips on top tasted super cheap, and the crepe itself had a strange lemony flavor that did not at all belong. We both took about 5 bites and tried to talk ourselves into liking it, but in the end just couldn't do it... Definitely a waste of $9. That being said.... because of the great live Jazz and the children's play area we will probably be back and get something safe like a tea or milkshake....
1	Bad service, period.  We were the only customers and they could not have been more dismissive of us. For instance,  I had to get up to ask for a refill of my ice tea.  My wife and I just sat there confused about the poor service. It was almost surreal. The crepes were OK, but way overpriced.
5	This is the first review I ever wrote. My wife, son and I went here for dessert after having a bad experience at an other restaurant hoping to save our family night out. We were both very impressed from the moment we walked in. We were greeted by the chef who walked us over to a table near a play area for kids. There was a live band playing jazz by the front door. Our son saw the toys in the play area and was set for the rest of our stay. I am not very good at describing food so all I can say is that our crepes were delicious. The staff was very friendly. They have all sorts of activities throughout the week for kids. My wife and I were able to enjoy our crepes while our son played in the play area about ten feet away from us, so we never had to take our eyes off of him. When we were done with dessert, my wife and I sat for a while and played in the play area with our son who didn't want to leave.Good food, friendly staff, kid friendly and good ambience all make for successful dining experience.
1	Chef Agnes is a micromanager and made ordering a truly unnecessary pain in the ass! I hadn't heard anything good about this place but when my 10 year old cousin asked for a smoothie I couldn't say no.. after all, how hard could it be to order a smoothie to-go? Annoyingly difficult apparently!We walked in with my corgi in tow knowing The Market is pet friendly, plus we were just walking up to the register to order and wait for it outside. I asked the man at the register if we could order a smoothie to-go and he explained it would be about 5-10 mins. Okay, no problem. Just as I was about to hand over my card Chef Agnes got in my face saying, "there's a table outside, have a seat. we can't allow dogs in here. food will take about 25 mins." 1. Get out of my face2. We're not staying for a sit down meal3. There are a couple dogs in here right nowI told her we were just ordering a smoothie to-go and she said, "yes, still 25 mins". HA! who the hell is going to wait that long for a smoothie?! plus, your cashier told me 5-10.We walked out, I sat my cousin on a bench with my corgi and went back in to order. Mind you, now I'm in the back of the line again. I get to the register, order the smoothie and the guy looks at me like, "didn't you order?". Helloooooooo! Where have you been?! I was going to pay you until the crazy lady got all up in my face. I was going to excuse his obvious lack of knowledge with the register during our first exchange but now it's clear you all have no idea what you're doing. One berry smoothie, to go.. that's it! he asks, "what size?" and before he can get back with the cups to show me the two sizes they have, here comes Chef Agnes again asking him if he's knows someone's at the register. DUH LADY! let him do his job! someone has control issues.terrible.
4	I am not a crepe person unless it is for a dessert but this place made me a fan! I ordered the USA breakfast crepe and it was so delicious. I had 6 kids with me and they all ordered something different and they loved it. The owner was so sweet and gave us a complimentary crepe for a birthday girl! First time here but will be back very soon!!! Definitely want to try a few things on their menu!
5	We love the food at the Crepe and the service is as great as the food! Thank you for bringing such amazing food & desserts to Tivoli
4	Pretty decent crepes..I prefer the sweet ones over the savory but they have this international menu where the names of the items are cities and countries around the world..I enjoyed the options but need to go try more..it's just 4 stars for now it can change for sure
1	Waited 35 minutes for a crepe. Not impressed with savory crepes. Seemed unorganized, but servers were friendly.
5	Loved this place! Had no idea what I had wondered into as I was just trying to pass time before an appointment that I had upstairs. Everyone was friendly, it didn't take that long to be served, there was a live band, and my crepe,The Greece, was phenomenal. The owner was delightful to chat with and I'll definitely be back soon.
5	I love crepes. I will travel miles out of my way for good crepes. I didn't even know this place was here. We were going to go to Echo & Rig for breakfast and found out they were only open for such on the weekend. So, look there on the directory. Crepes!! We were not disappointed. The ingredients are all very high quality, the menu is creative and extensive, they have gluten free and vegan batters and most importantly the food was amazing. Flavors expertly mingled together in both the savory and the sweet crepes. Also great coffee. I will absolutely drive miles to come back here again. Best random find all year.
5	my kids and I loved this place, "the italian" had delicious prosciutto in it and my kids had the nutella one. We will be back for sure.
3	All right. But kind of pricey for a crepe.I've walked past The Crepe numerous times, but decided to give it a shot for a dessert option after dinner with a friend. The restaurant is located in the Market Place of Tivoli Village. It really reminds me of a beatnik coffee shop, complete with people painting and live music (at least on the night I was there).The menu is comprised of sweet and savory options. Honestly, the menu was much more diverse and had more selection than I thought it would. Crepes are represented by country, so I had The Venezia ($10.90), which was an indulgent crepe with cannoli cream, black and white chocolate drizzles and chips, and a dollop of whipped cream. It was a yummy crepe and nice for dessert. However, the pricing is putting me off from returning. Perhaps if I'm in the area I may try a "savory" crepe next time. Overall, it is a fun-styled establishment that makes over-priced crepes.
2	Wants to appear sophisticated but obviously misses the mark, like that guy wearing a decent suit with white cotton athletic socks and axe body spray.  So it just sort of comes across as needlessly pretentious. I went with a friend and the owner came by, introduced herself with a very limp handshake and regaled us with the specials, both of which sounded good.  I'm pretty sure she only stopped by because I was laughing at the Moroccan crepe on the menu.  The description said it had a "chicken and tajine stew."  A Tajine is an earthenware cooking vessel in which you prepare stew, so to have it "and" means you'll be eating a cooking vessel (there's a few other items on the menu that make it clear they really have no idea what they're talking about).When the waitress came by to take our order my friend chose the Chicken Provencal special and I chose the Pastrami special.  Neither of which the waitress was at all familiar with.  Luckily for her the Chef was right behind us.  Then the chef outright stated she had no idea what we were talking about.  Lovely.The waitress goes on to helpfully state that the owner liked to come up with stuff on the spot.  Which is great if she's in the kitchen making it but not when she does it while glad-handing customers with no intention of conveying her ideas to her staff.   We asked a few more questions of the chef to see what she thought was what and my friend decided to play it safe and order off the regular menu, I stuck with the Pastrami special.When the crepes arrived, fairly quickly, my friend's plate was overflowing with food while mine was very demurely folded into what looked like an empty crepe with some sparse decoration.   The pastrami was tasty but there wasn't much there, especially for $12 dollars. My friend said the Hawaiian wasn't bad but wasn't all that special.   Her crepe cost $14.  I wasn't that hungry that I needed a giant pile of food, but it makes them look bad that their portion sizes were so completely inconsistent, especially for the same table. Overall, if they hadn't been trying so hard to appear more than they were and just tried to be a consistent, decent crepe place, I'm pretty sure they'd warrant a return visit.   As it is, I'll spend my money someplace else.
5	The BEST crepe I've ever tried.... And I've tried a lot of different places. Service is awesome and every crepe is nothing short of perfection. It's not just your typical fruit and Nutella crepe place... They get so creative and the ingredients are so fresh. I love putting together my own savory crepe and getting the Paris sweet crepe. I come here at least once a week. A bit on the pricey side but totally worth it!!
3	Crepe on!!The Crepe is located in Tivoli Village on the ground floor next to Kidville and the Indoor Market. If you sneak a park near the elevator you'll pop right up next to it.After reading some reviews and deciding to try something new in Tivoli, The Crepe was on the list of targets to try. I'll start by saying the Crepe is a fence sitter!!! Why you ask, well if you go by the reviews , this place is amazing 5 stars and others give it 2 stars. And I can see how it could be both. But I'll go by my experience if it helps.So this business is kinda funky, it has a European decor that reminded me of a lot of places in Italy and France which I use to visit. All they needed was an espresso coffee bar and boom you got a train station cafe in Italy. Also a nice play area for the little ones is an added bonus.Seating ourselves down, the first thing I noticed was the tables were a little small and the wooden chairs are super loud if you move them on the concrete floor. Our sever gave us the menus and ask if we wanted drinks to start. The table next to us was told about the specials which I we wish we heard. They only serve bottle still or sparkling water, kinda strange but ok. The sever bough 2 sizes of San pel and I asked for the small one but was only able to buy the big one, as the manager made a new rule.(weird)As the crepes are nationality based we went with Thailand and Poland Crepes with kids american pbj with banana. All the crepes are built well and were extremely delicious. My Thailand was great with only a hint of spice to it. The kids crepe was pretty awesome as my son ate the whole thing.During the days they have a fair amount of kids activities like sing along and story time. At night they have Latin music and a bit of dancing.I like this place. It reminds me of time I spent in Europe, but I'm gonna give it only 3 stars. The service was ok. The food was actually pretty good. But for the price, I'm gonna have to say it ain't worth it. 2 adult crepes. 1 kids crepe and 3 drinks was over $50 with tip. I can see renting being high in Tivoli but maybe a more realistic price point this place could be a massive success .Overall Price: $$$Service: 3-5Food: 4-5Drink: 3-5Come back: yes
5	Dined with my friends at The Crepe last night, and we were all delighted with our choices.  Wonderful flavors and a lot of choices, both savory and sweet.  Several of us lean toward a vegetarian preference, and Agnes had an off-the-menu couscous/eggplant option, so be sure to ask if you have a special request.  Nice atmosphere and they're connected to the community by supporting local artists and musicians.
5	DELICIOUS!I despise fake-ass Tivoli Village and its Botox Betty clientele, but this is a humble little jewel of authenticity in a sea of bourgeois poseury. The Crepe is the only locally-owned restaurant in the complex, basically a start-up run by a young couple, and the place has a definite Euro vibe that might alienate some Ricky Bobby types.   A friend *INSISTED* I try this place, so I hitched up my wagons and forded the Summerlin Pkwy, journeying out to the wilds of upscale suburbia to see what all the fuss was. And I was glad I did!Come to find out, a crepe is basically just a (tastier) tortilla, and can be stuffed with pretty much anything -- sweet or savory -- to make what amounts to a burrito. This place names each dish after a different country, so you can order crepes stuffed with Indian, Thai, Polish, Moroccan, Argentine, Bulgarian, Russian...almost ANY type of cuisine in the world! And that's just the savory ones -- they also have a shit ton of dessert crepes stuffed with fruit, chocolate, nuts, etc. I had the Greek (fabulous!!!) followed by the Europa (Nutella and fruit). I also had a few bites of my friend's Sofia (nuts and honey). REALLY good! I definitely plan to come back and try them all (except maybe the Scandinavian....ya know?!?!)I see from the other reviews on here that a chief complaint is service. They only have a little tiny kitchen -- right in the open behind the counter -- so if the place is packed, I can see it taking some time to get your order. But guess what?!? It's a little startup, with a little kitchen and a little staff. This ain't Brio!! Cut 'em some slack!!!Instead of getting your panties all twisted, chill the fuck out and enjoy the scene -- they have some form of live music or entertainment every night, from this smoking hot Italian opera singer dude to live jazz and tango. They also have a kids' play area and supplies for making art. What with all the interactive stuff and entertainment, the place has a real neighborhoody vibe -- when I was there a couple regulars dropped in just to say hi.To be honest, I feel like this joint is a bit out of place here in Botoxlandia -- they would be a better fit downtown, where people aren't so fucking uptight. But, they're stuck in ToryBurchville...so I guess you could consider them a lone outpost of the real world, like a Mars colony. Next time I'm headed for Uranus, I'll stop off for sure!
3	Update:After my first experience here, I was sitting on the fence. I loved the food and the restaurant decor. The effort you can see has gone into this business. But maybe it was the service I was unsure about. This time around I have to say i was quite impressed. As always the food is amazing, and well worth the trip. Service was ten fold better than the first time I was here.I agree with another Yelper Sarah Jane, that even though Crepe is awesome, I think downtown would be the perfect fit for this business. So right now I'll suffer with it being so close to my house.Extremely kid friendly, if you have little ones this is the perfect place for a bite to eat and a play area to keep the little ones occupied.Also make sure to ask about there stamp cards!!! And also they are the first place in Las Vegas to use Bitcoin.
4	i really like the eggs Benedict crepe. it is delicious and beautifully presented. they also have delicious coffee and music at night. tivoli village is a little escape in the city, we will go back.
1	This place might be just be the worst restaurant I have ever been at. The food wasn't that horrible but it certainly wasn't great. 1. They don't serve tap water, supposedly they are too small. 2. If you can't, fine. Just don't charge me 1.50 for a small bottle of pure life.3. Today, it seems they were only taking reservations before one o'clock.  Yet they had a sign that said seat yourself and the girl at the register said we could sit anywhere.4. I think it was Alex the owner who was bussing tables and walked between people instead of around them the entire time. I am aware that the shortest distance is a straight line but don't make your guests uncomfortable by squeezing past me for no reason.5. We shared the Britain.  It was a crepe filled with undercooked potatoes and bacon and decent eggs. Maybe I don't fully grasp the crepe thing but I would suggest that crisp bacon and cooked potatoes might be more appealing.6. If I had one more person ask me if I wanted a desert after eating a breakfast crepe and not take no for an answer I would have screamed. They offered us a free father's day crepe when we got there and we said yes but they made us wait for something we DIDN'T ask for. 7. One waitress we didn't know stopped to ask me about my walking dead shirt. She knew the show but only because her mom watches it. She informed us in quite a snooty fashion that she reads. Good for her.Chef Agnes, what can I say? She was telling the people next to us that they were waiting so long because of the aforementioned reservation that was needed before 1 pm. Then she said it was miscommunication with the staff and that they should have never been seated and did they want some hot sauce because the crepe they ordered wasn't very flavorful.  I didn't just remember those things and put them in my own run on sentence, that is how she said it.I have been to three highly recommended crepe places on Yelp. I don't get it I guess. However, the overall weirdness of this place reminds me of that Kitchen Nightmares in Arizona with the blonde and the old guy.....so they would have to make the best food ever to get more than one star.
1	I thought everyone's opinion made this a safe place to live it up..... Wrong. Didn't try the food, thank God, as the small house payment for two coffees smaller than a senior cup at McDonalds was horrifying enough! As we waited for our coffee every employee in the place approached us at least twice to try to seat us. Not in a solicitous way, more of a creepy, boss stalker way. Wouldn't go back for a free crepe, luckily I don't think they would offer. A crepe is probably more costly than most vacations. It tasted ok, but was $9 for what was seriously less than 1/2 cup TOTAL coffee in two cups. Even the server apologized that my tiny cup was mostly empty. I think cocaine us cheaper.
5	Fantastic dessert. Will have to come back for breakfast lunch and Dinner. Great ambiance,  music, food and service!
5	Crepes are so good here! I have had some of their savory and their dessert crepes and have never been disappointed. The owner is friendly and has always come out to personally check on us every time we've been there, a nice touch! Last time I went, I had the Provence, which is a frequent special and it is my favorite by far. On the other hand, the coffee is so, so. I had a latte that was weak and luke warm. After that I have just gone with an Americano, it's always been good. If you have kids, the owner has a really nice section for kids set-up and they have live music most of the time.
1	Had the New York crepe and the Venetia. Both portions were heart and presentation was beautiful. Unfortunately both sisnt taste good. The filling was bland and tasted a lot like chemical fillers (I'm sure they weren't). Would have like the New York cheese cake to have more cheesy flavor to it but the chef said it 'captures the essence of cheesecake' but 1/3 the calories. They should have labeled it that way on the menu. In any case,  it didn't taste good. The filling was super cold and it made the crepe turn a little hard.I had an Americano coffee and it was bland. Perhaps this is the taste profile they are going after.
5	Tango dancing late coffee they helped us out by taking our order after closing and we are enjoying tango dancers awesome only in las vegas. Love it here. The service is exceptional....,...........
5	Stopped here for dessert on the 4th of July after having dinner at another restaurant in Tivoli Village. The crepes were divine. I had the South Africa crepe which comes with lemon curd and creme. It was light and delicious and just enough after a heavy meal. My husband really enjoyed his Maui crepe with guava cream and pineapple. My mom also loved her Europa (nutella, fruit). They have Lavazza coffee and my cappuccino and her macchiato were prepared quickly. The server was very pleasant and even though they were out of the tea my husband wanted, they were very quick to apologise and suggest a very good alternative. I will definitely return so I can try all of the other very appetizing choices on their menu!
5	Me & My wife really enjoyed the food. Specially, my wife is a vegetarian and very picky. Even she enjoyed the food. Their fresh orange juice is the best one. Basicallyhealthy food. Friendly and courteous service. We will recommend to any one.
4	My mom and I had a good and pleasant experience here. Lots of crepes to choose from on the menu, plus a lot of coffee drinks and non-alcoholic cocktails. Our server was SO friendly and sweet, I wish I had caught her name! Overall, we were very satisfied.
1	Love this place for their customer service and crepes but, DO NOT EVER order their gelato!!! $3.78 for three bite serving!!! I should of checked the container before I left! I work in Tivoli and was craving ice cream! If I wasn't all the way back to my office and wasn't craving it so much, I would definitely take it back and ask for my money back and drive to vons and buy an entire gallon for this price!
5	Great place, I liked the food and the service. The owner even stopped by to say hello and introduce herself. Very warm atmosphere. They also did special meal for my extremely picky kid.
4	Wow, first time posting a review in forever!  I've had a grand change in my life with new work and new town, and of course bunch of new restaurants to try!  I had all the intentions to catch up on all the reviews for the past 6 weeks or so, but then it became too many and now I've given up on that.  So now that I don't have to worry about that, I'm starting with today!  My first is an adorable big place called The Crepe in Tivoli Village.There is so much to like about this place besides the food.   Will critique the food separately, but will bullet-point the rest: - The adorable, highly talkative owner Agnes - The special events every day and evening (readings, DJs, guests, tastings, you name it) - Big place with spacious room between seatings - In Tivoli, a very cool place - Absolutely divine crepe pancake that is light and paper thin - Fresh ingredients, many from local vendors, Agnes said - Not just a restaurant - I didn't pay attention too much but they have books, gifts, retail foods, etc. - Reasonable prices for an upscale feel (in a way) Only thing I wasn't crazy about is the price of the beverages - high with no real choice for more reasonable quaffs.  Now, the food.I had the France crepe, with ham, eggs, cheese, tomatoes, and parsley.  First of all, the crepe wafer is divine - light and paper thin, with slight crunchiness on the edges and soft in the middle.  It was just perfect.  The sauce was delicious, sort of bernaise-like but with a hint of sweetness that was ideal.   The taste was a bit peculiar, however.  Although they didn't mention it, there was a distinct taste of sage which I didn't think went well with the rest.  It overpowered the other flavors.   As a result, I wasn't in love with the overall flavor and this is the reason they don't get a 5-star rating.  But I can't wait to try the sweet crepes, which are what I really love anyway.  Tougher to mess that up on the inside on these and the wafer itself is divine, as I already mentioned.  That should make for a fabulous breakfast, and I'm DEFINITELY coming here on a weekend morning and ordering one of their sweet crepes and a cup of (again, expensive) joe.  That might cause me to bump this place up to a 5.Table-for-1 Factor:  This is another big like for me.  Perfect for a solo guest to enjoy with their coffeehouse-like feel.
1	I came here for the first time this past week with a meet-up group of about 10 people. To be honest, I was really put off and embarrassed when the waitress informed some of the people at our table that they did not serve ice water and they'd need to go fill a cup with tap water in the back if they wanted water. Seriously, this is the first time I have ever gone to a restaurant in my entire life where they did not serve ice water. So how exactly is the ice tea made? Just curious...The waitress actually gave the guests a cup and told them to go fill their own tap water from the back of the restaurant. I wish this were a joke and if we were not waiting on a big group of people to show up, we would have left. I truly don't understand why this even had to be an issue. Of course some people at the table were upset when the waitress acted like this was normal and seemed surprised by the reactions she got.Just..wow. We have zero plans of ever going back.
3	I'm not necessarily a crepe fanatic, but I do love a good one and being that Tivoli Village isn't that far from home, I've had The Crepe bookmarked since they opened. It's not hard to see the appeal of this place, especially when it comes to the atmosphere. You've got a nice little French inspired restaurant and for those with kids, they have this really cool little play area! The lighting is neat, the live music is a nice touch and it just has a cool ambience. I wasn't a fan of the tiny tables and uncomfortable seats though.One of the biggest issues I have with this place was the service. They have a sign up front that says whether to seat yourself or wait to be seated. For whatever reason, the sign was pushed into a corner and since apparently customers don't get greeted at the door here, we kinda just stood there until I went over and asked someone if we could just seat ourselves. After we found a table, it took a good 10 minutes for a waitress to come over and take our drink order...but the drinks did came out fast and I love how they serve the iced tea in a carafe. So, we looked at the menus and after putting them away, ended up waiting another 15 minutes for a completely different waitress to come over and take our food order. The original girl who took our drink order had this complete look of disgust on her face and seemed to be pretty unhappy, so I'm actually glad it was a different girl. But apart from that, they rarely check on you during your meal and neither the restaurant or bathrooms were very clean. The same seemingly angry employee was resetting tables that hadn't been washed or had trash on the floors and chairs underneath it. They just seem way too unorganized here.Moving on to the menu, they've got quite a few crepe selections including items for breakfast, lunch and dessert. One cool thing they offer is the "Crepe Duo" which gives you your choice of 1 savory crepe and 1 dessert crepe. For the prices though, I thought the portions were a bit small. Most people would probably easily be able to finish the Crepe Duo and at $23, it's a bit hard on the wallet. When you factor in a drink and tip, one person could ended up spending over $30 to eat here. For crepes? Eh, I don't know.The crepes themselves were hit and miss for me. We ended up ordering 3 crepes to split between us...the Britain (bacons, eggs, potatoes, gravy), the Argentina (beef, peppers, onions, chimichurri) and the Austria (strudel, caramelized apple). The Britain was the smallest of the 3 with mostly eggs filling it and severely lacking in salt. With the Argentina, it had a bit more filling and the flavor was much better. While still a bit lacking in salt, and pepper too, the beef was cooked perfectly and the chimichurri sauce has nice, bold flavors with just the right hint of garlic. Sadly, the Austria was the worst of the 3 and just a complete let down. I'm not even sure how they managed to do so, but there was almost no flavor in the whole thing. You can taste the apples on their own but everything else was completely bland.In my opinion, it's just okay and although the service was lacking, the ambience, iced tea carafes and the decent Argentina crepe is what pushed me to 3 stars. I won't be rushing back, but I'd give them another shot if it was in the mood for a crepe and didn't want to drive across town.
5	If you like crepes for breakfast, you ought to try them for lunch and dinner.  The Crepe is definitely the place to go!  My favorite for breakfast is Austria ( strudel-style with cinnamon- caramelized apple or pumpkin). Their crepe selections are named after countries all over the world including one from The Philippines for lunch and dinner with pulled pork and vegetables in sauce.  My favorite for lunch or dinner is Provence ( filled with chicken, mushroom, goat cheese and spinach).The proprietor is from Bulgaria - friendly, hospitable and so gracious! She remembers everyone who dines at her establishment - impressive!  My second trip there we sat down and had a very long conversation about the various types of crepe cuisine in Asia including the fresh "Lumpia"  from the Philippines which is also a crepe dish. Check online for various events for kids and adults including music from other parts of the world.  It's located in the heart of shopping and other restaurants with unique dining concepts at Tivoli Village.
3	Service was very friendly, and the space was super cute. Located right inside the Tivoli shopping center, this little crepery was really quaint. The crepes themselves are okay. Not great, not bad. A little pricey, but I can tell the ingredients are fresh. They do have both savory and sweet crepes. I got the "France" crepe, which had yummy goat cheese, ham, scallions, eggs, tomatoes, and covered w/ bechamel. Flavor was okay, but like I said, not the best ever.
2	never heard of this place but a friend invited me out to listen to some music.  I was disappointed they didn't have a liquor license but that was only one of my disappointments.  we ordered a fruit plate and a crispy crepe.  it's the dead of summer and the fruit plate had fall and winter fruits, and half of the grapes were near rotten. the crispy crepe was decent but at $8 it was impossible to enjoy.  I also asked for a glass of water and was charged $1.  I almost ordered dessert but the server never came around to take my order, which is probably for the best because all of the dessert crepes were priced at $10.50 to start.
1	Personally, I was very disappointed in this place. So disappointed, that it made me go and write a review for the very first time. The lady working here was absolutely rude to my party. They actually served us the softest crepe ever when we asked for extra crispy. On top of that, I personally feel that they purposely served us a bad crepe because we brought outside drinks in... even though there were no signs to prohibit it. Instead, the owner took the sleeves from my drink and switched it with theirs. Rudeee!!!! As ridiculous as that sound, the comparison between the crepes that was served to us and the crepes served to other customers were completely different. It was also super overpriced... About $15 a crepe and that's not even "fully loaded" with all toppings included. I will never return here again.
1	I don't write reviews very often, but this was a special case that needed a review! We were a little hesitant when we went in because we were greeted but didn't know how to order, it says seat yourself, but what if we wanted take out? Even when we asked how to order they told us to take a seat as if take out wasn't an option. Then we ordered a couple waters and our meal. The waiter came back with two bottles of water and we said no we would just like tap at which point they informed us they didn't have tap! WTF?!!! Isn't that illegal for a business not to have free water available? The crepes came and they were delicious and I don't even care for crepes, but when we went to pay and saw they charged $1.50 for the water I couldn't believe it. How do you not offer tap and then have the audacity to charge for water? Especially seeing as how you don't inform customers of this while they're ordering. If everything else about this place was great then I might be able to overlook that, but the waiters seemed aloof, taking a while to even greet us let alone bring our water. Just know that if you plan on going here the service isn't great and bring your own drink.
4	Went on Saturday and WOW what amazing crepes!!  Shared an Italy and an Austria and the quality was simply outstanding!  Service was great as well.  The only negative is the fact that they don't do tap water and charge 1.50 for bottled water.  It seems to me that if they were really sorry about that they would charge something closer to cost for people dining there.
2	Located in Tivoli village, it's a great location to sit outside and just enjoy the day. My husband and I went on Saturday in the morning. I was super excited to try the crepes. After waiting what seemed like a lifetime we were finally able to order.  We decided to get non-desert ones, I got the Milano ("Caprese" - fresh mozzarella, tomato basil and balsamic reduction) and my husband got Britain (bacon, eggs, potatoes topped with gravy sauce). Mine was pretty good. I mean you can't really mess up something that simple. My husband on the other hand, did not like this. They didn't have bacon so they gave him Canadian bacon (so it was more like ham). He wasn't a fan of it. I had also ordered a latte but never got it. Now I could of understood if they were super busy, but they weren't and it doesn't take long to make a latte. When it came time to pay, our waiter had charged us for my latte that I never got. If it wasn't because I asked if the latte was included, I would of ended up paying for something I never got. She didn't even realize I never got it...SMH.
5	This is one of the hidden secrets on the Westside.  The Crepe is an amazing place run by a great, friendly, and personable staff.  It's always a joy to see a chef take time to spend with their diners.  Each time we visit we have a wonderful experience.  Best crepes of my life--EVERY time I come back they get better and better. The Crepe is the best part of Tivoli Village. Amazing chef, great service, and a brilliant understanding of the artistic side of gastronomy.  I appreciate that they have options for children on the menu too.  These options are not low-scale fast-food quality options.  They adhere to the same high standard in which the rest of the menu is held.  They also offer live music, art night, tea time, and other cultural activities.  This is so much more than just a restaurant, its a journey through food cultures! Many thanks for the beautiful meals.
1	Why does one go a restaurant? For food.What does one expect? Tasty food, good service, reasonable prices, enjoyable atmosphere. The Crepe scored 1 out of 4 for my husband and myself. We enjoyed the atmosphere and the owners are  loveliest guys! That's it. We stumbled into here by chance, coming down from the upstairs and frankly, it took us a while to realize we are in a cafe. The performing band made us stay. Hubby ordered a Moroccan crepe, cuz he is form Morocco and was expecting authentic home-cooked goodie. Failed expectations. The stew in the crepe tasted like nothing traditionally  cooked in Morocco...  I ordered either a Polish crepe and could not finish it, too much of sauerkraut. And I love sauerkraut and sausage! We paid about $40, took home the remaining of our crepes, but it ended in the trash.
5	Food and atmosphere are great. We usually eat here about twice a week now. Is there a downside??? Well, my waist size is getting up there.  Their desert crepes are out of this world. The cheesecake crepe has a nice creamy consistency which I love. It's not to thick and pasty like most cheesecakes and cheesecake fillings. Highly recommended.
3	This is a pantry kitchen operation. They have an upwards of 40 crepes, representing flavors around the world. Do the math. Your expectations can't be too great. In order to accommodate such a wide spectrum of flavors, some ingredients -- like peas and carrots -- are frozen goods. Let that set the tempo and then you won't be disappointed. Friendly service, adorable ambiance, clean bathrooms, a little pricey for the quality of food. But remember: the cost of ambiance is built in the cost of the food and this place is located in Tivoli. I got the two-crepe combo, pick one savory and one sweet ($22.80) and I also got a macchiato ($3). The waiter alerted me: "It's the real Italian macchiato." Great! It was Lavazza. My savory crepe as the India (cheese, cauliflower, peas with yellow korma). It was tasty. I really liked the house crepe batter. They serve all of their crepes not wrapped up like a breakfast burrito, but more like they put the crepe spread open on your plate and then just cover it with whatever your desired ingredients are. For my sweet crepe, I got the Paris (European flan), which looked like albino diarrhea, but it was yummy. Super rich. Huge. I wouldn't advise eating one of these by yourself. Share with one or two more people. There is inside and outside dining. Indoors, there is a little art gallery (hobbyists) and a place for kids to play with plenty of toys, and the stairway up to the Market shops and restaurants. Pay for your meal up at the POS. No liquor license yet. Still working on it. #offthestrip #noncasino
1	I went here with my husband, we both love crepes and were happy to have a place to eat it close to home, since we love those from Jean Philippe but it's too far from our house. Disappointment is the word. We ordered a regular coffee, they said they just have expresso, so she suggested the americano for $3, I don't like to be pushed, but ok. Then my husband ordered two glasses of water and they said they don't have tap water, only mineral because they don't have a filter for water, so how to they do their juices? To finish, the salmon crepe was good but the apple one completely tasteless. So, nothing good at all. Won't go back and don't recommend it.
1	If I could give it no stars I would. The coffee was good. The staff was decent. It's nice that they had a play area for kids. However, my husbands and my food came out first and we had to wait an additional 20 min to get our children's food. By that time ours was completely cold. We also ordered a sweet crepe but the cream was completely broken and separated. We had such high hopes but needless to say we were completely disappointed.
5	Having worked out the bugs of opening this place last year, the Crepe hosts a truly organic music and dance scene, with great French fusion food in an authentic European environment.  Now with beer and wine, they are only getting better and better.  Agnes and Alex are gems and the crowd is like the United Nations.  Jazz nights, Tango nights, it's always something different and the hosts are always friendly and interacting.  Casual in the day, can get dressy on nights when guests tend to dance.
1	Both my friend and I had horrible food and even worse service. If you want a great crepe then skip this place and just head to Paris on the strip. I will give it one star since the chef/owner was nice enough and offered to make us something else but she did tell us that the crepes we ordered "had no flavor" and to order something else. Really, a chef knowingly creating dishes that she feels aren't good?  Bizarre! I could write on and on about their unknowledgable servers, lack of products (lemon, water, creamer - to name a few) and filthy restrooms but I'll spare myself the agony and awful memories.
3	I'll start with what I liked about this place. The server who invited me inside as I was checking out the menu by the door was very friendly and attentive, the place is pretty, and I love that the Market offers free wifi. I needed to get some work done on my laptop. It was a good place for that. After I saw that the crepes were out of my price range for today, I decided to order a tropical fruit smoothie. They couldn't tell me what exactly was in it. I was thirsty and I like tropical fruit, so I didn't care that much. I'm sure it was probably the same frozen bag I usually get from Trader Joe's with pineapple/mango/strawberries/bananas. I asked them to make it with soy milk. I wasn't disappointed with the taste, it was pretty much exactly what I expected. But the portion?! I will let the picture speak for itself. Seven dollars and some change, after tax. I saw an employee replying to other reviews, trying to justify the high prices by saying that they "favor organic produce." Cool, me too. That's how I know that for the same price, I could go into Whole Foods (couple minutes away from here) and get SIXTEEN ounces of smoothie, know every fresh not frozen ingredient in there, and if I wanted to get twelve ounces, I could even add some bee pollen or protein and it would be the same price as the child-size one that I got. At least cut the straw so it's proportionate to the smoothie cup. It's an okay place. Very nice ambience, and friendly service. I probably still won't be back. I can't comment on the food besides it smelling delicious and looking nice, but if you're thinking of getting a smoothie while you're there, that's what you can expect.
5	Fantastic variety of scrumptious crepes and warm friendly service.  Reminiscent of cafes in Europe.  Sometimes there is a small wait for your order, but it's not fast food (nor do we want that)!
5	It's the best place to hang out and eat the best crepes. Mediterranean and European one are amazing. You should come over and check the menu is made for every type of taste.there are also weekly events - my favorite are mommy and me and Art&Wine. I'm very impressed by this little place, you can have breakfasts or lunch and be still very healthy. Come and check it out.
5	I'm so happy that there is a place to get crepes close by rather than going to IHOP for one of their International breakfasts. I've been here a couple of times because I wanted to taste the array of crepes. I usually do the duo for $22.80 where you get one savory and one sweet. Canada: Canadian bacon, eggs, potatoes, topped with toasted oats crunch and syrup. I like the mix of the lightly salted Canadian Bacon with the sweetness of the maple syrup.Milano : fresh mozzarella, tomato basil and balsamic reduction. I noticed that the ingredients stand out more in a crepe . I typically have sandwiches made like this but the bread typically takes over. I loved swiping the remains of my crepe in the balsamic . Very tasty!There is a variety of desert crepes you can pair with the duo. I always prefer anything with Nutella. The owners are very sweet. They expressed some interest in holding a Yelp event in their cafe. They were mentioning having different crepes from their menu passed around. It would be more of the international crepes. I told them they can get a hold of the Yelp community manger to set one up. I also love the scenery . I  like sitting by the big windows so I can people watch. When I look outside It doesn't even feel like I'm in Vegas!
1	Ok at best. I've been here a number of times and each time I want to like this place. Sadly I do not like this place very much. The only reason I stayed last time was for the kids area. The food is no good. The service is not very friendly. The drinks selection is small and not good. I ordered 2 drinks and one duo crepe plate (two crepes). It cost me $44.  wowza. This is a glorified pancake nothing special!! It was a caprese crepe. Uh I'm sorry but it isn't caprese with no basil! They are in desperate need of some salt and some  flavor!! Please I will not be back because this was a waste of my money!
4	We came for a late breakfast early lunch, the service was slightly slow but the food was delicious and definitely worth the wait.We order the Mexico,Italy,Germany and the Europa all  crepes were delicious great flavor.We will be back for sure ;)
5	Such a fun restaurant! The staff are so awesome, the food is great, and I always leave here with a smile on my face. Can't say enough nice things about it.
1	Stopped in to get a smoothie after a class at kidville with my two young children. We are all violently ill after sharing a few sips of smoothie before I threw it out because it didn't taste right.  Called to let them know to hopefully prevent this from happening to any one else. Will not be returning.
4	I love enjoying a freshly made crepe at the restaurant everytime I come to get my wax at BOX. I would rate this a 5 Star review however I always have to wait 30 minutes for a to go order. Other than that this place is affordable , very entertaining and the host are all friendly.
5	Came here for breakfast for my girlfriend's birthday and they treated us like royalty. The food was excellent and the service was fantastic.
5	THEY HAVE THEIR LIQUOR LICENSE!!!The crepes - savory as well as sweet - are complimented by soups and salads.  What matters most is that everything is fresh and made to order. The owner and chef is attentive and passionate about her food and wants to please. We were here three times the week we discovered it!
4	My girlfriends and I came here for Sunday morning breakfast.  There was live music as we entered but we immediately noticed there was only seating available toward the front.  For us the table right in the middle by the door was too cold.  It's unfortunate they cannot close the doors because it would make for a much more pleasant dining experience in the colder months.  A table closer to the wall and away from the doorway opened and we took it and that made it more comfortable.We also had a two year with us so the kids play area was appreciated.  He occupied himself there almost the entire time and it was very visible from where we were sitting.I ordered the Eggs Benedict and I enjoyed it.  The crepe version is much lighter than the traditional biscuit version and comes with a side of fruit.   For dessert we ordered the pumpkin strudel to share.  This dish wasn't sweet as we expected it to be.  The 2-year old in our group was not impressed at all and actually spit it out.  Poor kid.  The owner did explain to us that it wasn't meant to be sweet but since we were ordering this as a dessert I wish we had known that ahead of time.  She did try to make it better by doctoring it up with cinnamon, powdered sugar and honey.  Overall, I did enjoy the food and the atmosphere and it's a great spot for breakfast but I think I will wait to come back when the weather warms up a bit.
5	Everything tasted really fresh and a lot of food for the price. The owner is a sweet lady.
5	Great place!! Personally I love the smoked salmon with capers dish :D Also, it's a really cool spot to bring your kid
5	We Love eating hereEverything is Fresh and Delicious ....Great Energy!
