5	I'm not vegan, so when I was about to put the Mocha Latte cupcake from Treehouse Bakery into my mouth the first time, I didn't know what to expect. To my delight, I loved it! The cake was moist and the frosting was just the right texture. Together they made a great combination of flavors.I decided to try a few other things and they were all great. Out of the cookies, I think the peanut butter cookies are my favorite.Treehouse Bakery = Scrumtrulescently delicious cupcakes, cookies, muffins, and cheesecake that will leave your mouth happy!
5	Obviously I'm not in Phoenix, so I ordered a mixed box of goodies to try out this new vegan bakery -- vegan baking seems to be a minefield for some people, but I'm lactose intolerant and vegan baked goods are the safest for me.The cupcakes (three kinds) and cookies (4 kinds) I received came neatly packaged and seemingly untroubled by the shipping across the country -- first sign of care and attention to detail.  Also, as I'd not specified what should go in the box, everything was helpfully labeled.Everything was good, and everything was fresh, despite the shipping.  But I have to call out two stand outs:The oatmeal raisin cookies are fantastic -- the raisins are really juicy, and the cookies are perfectly seasoned and flavorful.But truly, really, the cinnamon buttercream and spicy chocolate cupcakes are the most winning combination of baked goods I've purchased in... well... maybe ever.  Order these when you go.  And go or order often.
5	Ok so, I'm not a crazy dessert person, but I love food. However when approached with tasty treats only to find out that they were Vegan, lets just say I was a bit skeptical. I mean I'm not Vegan, I'm not going to pretend that I understand Vegans either, I like meat and stuff that taste good. This of course is all coming from the random thought that everything Vegan is yuck. Trying Treehouse was like getting slapped in the face as a kid, being told not to make fun of the ginger, because well.. he can't help it. In other words all of my misconception of Vegans eating this gross alien food went straight out of the window. I mean damn you people actually do have taste buds. I've actually come to the conclusion that I like Treehouse's vegan peanut butter cookies better than regular ones. Not to mention the non-cheesecake, this one was a mountain for me let me tell you. Thinking gross gross gross, how can you have no dairy in CHEESECAKE!? Well as my other eye opening taste-bud-tacular experience, the non-cheesecake hit a home run by the first bite, second, third.... damn it I ate the whole thing. Anywho you get my point. As a non Vegan, meat eating, cheese loving, son of a bitch, I fully recommend you try Treehouse bakery, because damn that shit is good!
4	I ordered cupcakes from Treehouse Bakery for my BF's Bday. I usually make my own but due to work hours, I just didn't have the time.  The cupcakes were presented nicely in a pink box with pretty frosting.  We both agreed that the chocolate/cherry combination tasted great. On its own, the cupcake was a little boring but the frosting and cupcake together worked really well.
5	I came upon Treehouse Bakery while looking for vegan baked good options in Phoenix back in August of 2010. Particularly I was looking for a place that could provide me with the convenience of ordering a custom good for a very special occasion.I was able to communicate via email and setup my order, pickup date (9/28/10) and time - with an option to pay in advance or at pickup - without any issues or hassles. I ended up ordering a dozen carrot cake cupcakes (with vegan cream cheese frosting) and a dozen cranberry nut oatmeal cookies. The presentation of the cupcakes were great, and while I didn't get a chance to partake in them, I heard from my friend (he was the birthday boy and vegan) that they were absolutely delicious. I took home the cookies for myself and my husband. While my husband did not enjoy them as much as I did (he is not particular to the taste of flax or egg based substitutes), I was very thrilled with the texture and taste of the cookie. While they were a bit on the drier side when it comes to oatmeal cookies, the cookie was overall scrumptious, had a tasteful number of nuts and berries, and was both sweet and salty. I highly recommend that you try Treehouse Bakery! You can contact them via email - by phone or through their etsy website. They are also on facebook (http://www.facebook.com/pages/Phoenix-AZ/Treehouse-Bakery/101662863212327)  and I believe they are now offering orders for Holiday Pies!
5	I've been vegan for years and one of the most difficult things to find is a vegan cake for any type of celebration, but since I've found Treehouse Bakery, it's no longer a problem. Treehouse Bakery makes the most dee-licious cakes. First of all, they make them in any flavor you want, and any size you need. Second, they were amazingly easy to work with and super friendly. I got the yummiest raspberry filled vanilla frosted cake for my niece's first birthday party and everyone absolutely loved it (vegans and non-vegans alike). Thanks Treehouse!!
5	Love Love Love this place!! I go to babycakes and other vegan bakeries in California and Treehouse Bakery is soooo much better than all of those. They have a wide variety of flavors and my fiance (who is not a vegan) even loves their stuff. They are even way better than non vegan cupcakes!! My favorite is the red velvet cupcake!! I HIGHLY recommend you try it!!!!
5	I love Treehouse baked goodies! Her lemon cupcakes are exceptional and I've never had a cookie of hers I did not adore. I drive miles and miles to get to the Phoenix Public Market just for her cupcakes!  I also appreciate that she participates in many charity vegan bake sales around town. Love that it is run by a generous person who is also an excellent vegan baker!
5	Have alread posted a review but had to add that a friend at work ordered vegan chocolate cupcakes for my birthday and they were sooooooo delicious!! All my nonvegan coworkers LOVED them.
5	We bought more cupcakes from this baker at the Phoenix Farmer's Market. This time I purchased the Red Velvet Cupcake and it came with a moist crumb and flecks of real vanilla bean in the frosting. My boyfriend and I both loved these and they were a special treat for his Birthday.
5	WOOWOO!!!! This is the best!!! I have had health problems for three years and can't have gluten, dairy, eggs. I have not been able to find good desserts until now. My friend bought me a vegan, gluten free mocha chocolate cake. It was delicious! I ordered cupcakes which I will pick up at the public market.
5	Great treats!!!
5	So excited that Treehouse has now opened a store front! Now I can indulge in my cupcake urges almost instantaneously! I also love the decor in this place and the neon sign kicks up the coolness a notch for me.
5	Delicious!! I've tried Treehouse Bakery's scrumptious treats many times and I've never been disappointed! I'm so happy they have a shop now where I can go in and grab some cupcakes. I went in on Monday to get some to share with everyone at work on Tuesday. I got churro, vanilla, chocolate and pineapple upside down cupcakes.We decided at work to cut them up and split them so everyone could try them all. We started with the chocolate. Before everyone tried that one, someone was already digging into the churro. Everyone absolutely loved them, as did I. I love the churro, as well as the french toast cupcakes. I'm not vegan or vegetarian. Neither is anyone at work. Doesn't matter. These are so moist and delicious. Love them!!!
5	Love this place!  Corianne has been popular at the farmer's market for a long time and it's nice to see that support enable her to open up a brick and mortar location.  I especially love her creativity and willingness to use native and local ingredients.Take a look at the reviews and see how far people are willing to drive for these goodies.  That says it all!
5	Treehouse is half an hour from my house. I can get vegan pie, cupcakes, cookies, and pretty much everything else Treehouse offers, from places considerably less than half an hour from my house. The thing is, I no longer want vegan pie, cupcakes, cookies, or pretty much anything else from anywhere except Treehouse.After walking in to find candy-striped pink walls, shiny white tables decorated with pink flowers in glass vases, and white counter tops with glass casing home to all sorts of baked goods, my hopes were high. Who doesn't love Earth Balance and good design coexisting harmoniously? First we tried a day-old s'mores cupcake, which is half the price of a regular cake and 90% as good. The cake was rich and chocolatey, just like the frosting. There wasn't much of a graham crust on the bottom, though, so it was more like a double chocolate cupcake. Not that I'm complaining. The only thing that didn't taste fresh was the marshmallow on top, but it was still a total steal for $1.25. But, what's better than a good deal? Answer: when a store owner says, "Would you guys mind being guinea pigs?" and motions to a fresh batch of thumbprint cookies. Wait.... FREE COOKIES? No, we don't mind at all, kind lady. We each tried a buttery, chewy cookie with a berry in the center who's name escapes me, but is apparently related to the ground cherry. 'Twas mighty tasty.We took a Chai cupcake to-go, which was spicy, moist, and topped with the best frosting ever. It's probably best that I don't know what it's made from, and just assume it's unicorn tears. We also had the chocolate chip cookie, which was perfectly crammed with chocolate chips, chewy, hollow, and slightly cinnamon-y. I don't think it needed the cinnamon, but maybe that's because I just had a Chai cupcake. Next on my to-eat list is a fresh-baked pie, during pie happy hour on Wednesdays, of course. Overall, my thoughts on Treehouse Bakery can be summed up concisely: YES.
5	Let me just start by saying I'm NOT a vegan.I'm the exact opposite actually, if it was born, I eat it. :) BUT, one of my coworkers is a vegan and I dropped by this little shop hoping to get her a cupcake..1. The shop itself is adorable. I love the painting they've done and it's all very clean and minimalist while still being charming. 2. The service was very warm and friendly. Not the typical vegan hipster elitist type you find often in DoPho. 3. I got my coworker a red velvet cupcake, and because they're my favorite I got myself one too, just to try out. Because they're vegan I didn't expect to be wowed at all.. I was so wrong! The cupcake was delicious. Very flavorful and pretty true to form for a traditional red velvet cupcake. My coworker hasn't had hers yet, but I'm sure she'll love it. All in all this place gets 5 stars because of the adorable atmosphere, friendly service, and most importantly; they've mastered a vegan cupcake that tastes delicious instead of disgusting!Kudos Treehouse Bakery!
5	Treehouse made my vegan birthday cake and I fell in love. Now I try to travel to their location every few weeks to try their goodies! Their cupcakes and moist, delicious and fresh! Their cookies and poptarts are to die for as well! I am in love with treehouse vegan goodies and crave them when my sweet tooth starts acting up! Also, many non-vegans ate my birthday cake and they loved it as well!
5	This bakery is beautiful... She is truly a gifted baker!!! I have tough requirements -- gluten-free AND vegan!My husband ordered cupcakes from here for my birthday this year, and they were moist and practically melted in my mouth. I loved the red velvet but definitely fell in passionate love with the regular chocolate cupcakes. It was my birthday, so I quickly shoved 4 down my gullet. What? Calories do not count on your birth anniversary, I'm a dietetic student. It's true.As I fell into a taste trance, I quickly realized that the cupcakes I had been getting at Nami are sad and pathetic... and overpriced. I noticed at Treehouse, day-old goods are reduced in price. This is never the case at nami. It all tastes overly refrigerated and sometimes tofu-like. I don't know about you, but I dislike tasting tofu in my frosting.I have a bit of a princess-like palate, but I have a right to be as picky as anyone else. Truly, if you need gluten-free or vegan cupcakes, these are better than any cupcake I have had, vegan, gluten-free, or otherwise.
4	Cute little hole in the wall that I passed 3x before finally figuring out it was right there in front of me! Came in on a Sunday with a mission to get my mouth full of sweets. Was hoping for a larger selection of goodies as I read all the different flavors in the reviews. I got the pop tarts, S'mores, Pistachio, Chocolate Chip and Pumpkin. Moist goodness with enough sweetness in the icing. Favorite one was Pistachio next to the Chocolate Chip. Would definitely go back now that I know where this place is. Hope they expand as it has potential.
5	First, I do not drop 5-star reviews unless I am blown away. One of my biggest peeves about Yelp is the low bar some people have for giving a PERFECT score after a only a visit or two. Small, friendly, good value -- day old cupcakes are cheap -- and vegan. I have bought whole pies, all kinds of cupcakes, tarts, all delicious. After becoming vegan I had to say goodbye to Barbs, but now I can satisfy my sweet tooth without the cruelty baggage. It takes real self control to not visit every day.
5	How can one not love vegan pastries??  The pop tarts are amazing.  They use organic strawberry preserves, thank goodness, because we all know how toxic non-organic strawberries are these days.  The cupcakes are great and my friend tells me the coffee is good too (I don't imbibe!).  We come here often...when we want a treat of course!  If you get there early, sometimes they have discounted yummies from the day before!!!!
5	YUM YUM YUM! Everything I've had is wonderful! I especially love the butterscotch cupcakes and the pop tarts. The scones are perfect too. Don't bother telling your carnivorous friends that it's vegan, they will never know the difference. And a bonus-they have great coffee too.
5	You have to visit this bakery.  The sisters that own it are super friendly and make delicious treats.  Everyone that I have sent in there agrees with me. They made a root beer float cupcake that was so amazing. They are truly a part of the local community featuring local artists on their walls.Do yourself a favor and make the trip, you won't regret it.
5	Amazing food, and friendly owner!  My wife is a vegan and this is the only place I trust to make her birthday cake.  The owner is really invested in making food that everyone will enjoy.  Salted caramel cupcakes are fantastic!
4	Cupcakes so good you wouldn't know they were vegan. The owner was really nice too!
4	This little hole in the wall didn't have much inside and had few choices. I was hoping for some fresh bread but all I saw was sweets. Behind the glass counter top were cupcakes so I decided to get one of everything they had (chocolate, chocolate chip, churro, grapefruit, mixed berry, red velvet and vanilla). I wish they had more variety.The day old cupcakes were $1.25 and fresh were $2.50. All the cupcakes were good, but not great. The flavors were simple and tasty but they were not as fluffy and cakie as I would have liked. Now that I've read reviews on yelp I've learned they are vegan! I had no clue when I ordered them. Considering the limitations of ingredients I think they did a good job but they are not as good as normal cupcakes.
4	We were killing some time before attending an event downtown and happened upon this cute little shop.  They have a case of yummy goodies that beg to be eaten.  It's cute and clean inside and the staff were extremely friendly.  They do not have a huge selection but I don't find that to be a turn-off because it ups the chances that what you see is fresh.  I hope they stick around!
5	it's so great to have a 100% vegan bakery in Phoenix! Everything I have tried here has been absolutely delicious and mouth-watering. I will return again and again!
5	I love Treehouse. Everything I have ever gotten there has been awesome. The women who run it are really friendly.I am vegan and was so excited when I saw that a new vegan bakery in town. I have never been disappointed. I used to bake everything at home, but have pretty much given it up. It is not overpriced, as some vegan places can be. I love it here.
5	Awesome vegan treats here!(I especially love the carrot-cake cup cakes)It's pretty cool how they showcase artwork by local artists too.
4	I found this place one day running errands and i'm glad i did.  I'm always looking for vegan baked goodies. They offer a wide variety of different flavors of cupcakes. Their prices are very good as well.  I had a birthday cake made for my friend and it was a special request and the owner did a great job following my request.  They display local artist work too. Neighborhood not that great but worth the goodies. The. Staff is very friendly and has great customer service skills.
5	I had 2 Treehouse Bakery cupcakes at  birthday party and let me tell ya how DELICIOUS they were!  I was immediately in love with the vanilla cupcake, so I basically stole the other one and packed it away to take home- ha!  What a party guest I am huh?  I was told they were vegan and I was looking forward to trying them.  I was super impressed, I think I liked these better than non vegan cupcakes.  the icing was the perfect mixture of sweetness, I hate anything too sweet and artificial tasting- and quite honestly, the frosting makes up at least 50% of a cupcake so I was more than satisfied.  Way to go, Treehouse!
5	We visited for the 1st time today and absolutely loved the cupcakes and brownie we purchased. We purchased a dozen cupcakes to try different flavors(vanilla, chocolate, peanut butter, mint chocolate, and an almond flavor).We've eaten at many places over the years that sell vegan desserts throughout the country and we both agreed the cupcakes were the best we've ever had. We could tell high quality ingredients are used and of course the recipe's result in a fantastic tasting cupcake. The brownie was also amazing, taste and texture wise.Staff was very friendly and helpful. Put this one on your list.....highly recommended!
5	I moved down the street recently and have been coming here a lot. Not only are the cupcakes delicious but the ladies are very friendly. I am not vegan but I come here a few times a week because it is so close and yummy. I even think I like their baked goods more than most non-vegan baked goods!
5	So delicious! I love the salter caramel cupcake! To die for!!!!!!!! I love that it's ALL vegan!! I feel like it's all made just for me! Hehehe!! :)
5	Treehouse always has yummy cupcakes that are just the right size.  It's my chocolate fix rescue more often than not:)
5	Came here on a whim to feed my daughters sweet tooth.  She had the cookies and cream- even a day old, it was wonderful and moist!  I had the pear cardamom and it was a perfect combination of sweet and spicy!!
3	I like cupcakes. I like them... a lot. Ok... I love cupcakes. They say the first step to dealing with an addiction is to admit you have one. I don't have an addiction to cupcakes. (I'm in the denial phase). I just moved to Phoenix from Florida. It took 3 days to drive here. I arrived Tuesday, and the rest of the week has been unpacking and organizing. I was out and about today and saw Treehouse Bakery come up in the Nearby Feed on the Yelp app. All I saw was, 5 star - Bakery - Picture of cupcakes. After the long week I've had, all I could think was that this was the place I needed to be... STAT.I ordered a 6 pack from the very friendly young ladies that were running the bakery. I got home a little while later and couldn't wait for that feeling of euphoric cupcake bliss. I snatched one of the little baked treats from the box and took a bite. After that bite I just kind of stood there in my kitchen for a minute... confused. I didn't like the cupcake, at all. Maybe I got a bad one. I put that one down and picked up another. Took a bite. The same feeling of dissatisfaction ran through me. WHY?! Why have the cupcake God's forsaken me!? This is all I could think. I have had some great cupcakes in my day. I dare say I have had one of the best cupcakes in the Southeast. So is this 5 star cupcake the best the Southwest has to offer?Frustrated, I went on my computer and pulled up Yelp. What the f*ck is going on here? After sitting there and reading the reviews for Treehouse Bakery, the issue I was having with the cupcakes became quite apparent...The cupcakes are VEGAN!I feel slightly foolish. I was so ready to slap down a 2 star review. I'm upping it to 3 star since the staff was sweet, the presentation of the cupcakes was nice, and I really had no business eating these cupcakes since I have no idea how a vegan cupcake should taste. I respect the vegan lifestyle, but these cupcakes are not for me.
5	The best drip coffee I have ever had in Phoenix - I actually drink it black no sugar. I normally don't bother with drip coffee out - because I love my fresh ground Cartel coffee slowly filtered through my melitta at home too much.Delightful pastries - which I can almost never say about egg and dairy free confections.Alice in Wonderland stuff. Without the enhancements Lewis Carroll had.
1	I have to say I was not impressed, walked in on a Sunday, wasn't greeted by anyone, didn't even know if they were open, no selection to choose from. No thanks.
2	I feel bad leaving this review, but it is the truth.  I ordered 120 cupcakes for a baby shower, and while they looked very cute and the service I got was really great, the cupcakes were not good in taste.  I think vegans are just self promoting with all of these great reviews.  The truth is that these cupcakes taste like frosted muffins.  And everyone I talked to agreed with that.  The "cake" and the "frosting" are both very dense (although the frosting is still pretty darn good.)  The cake is not especially good and is not worth $2.50 each (when buying in bulk.)  I used to be a vegan and cooked all sorts of cupcakes from the book "vegan cupcakes take over the world" that were delicious!  And this bakery can't even compete with my homemade vegan cupcakes.  I just expected more.  I only tried 4 flavors so maybe they were the wrong ones.... but I doubt it.
5	I am never disappointed with their amazing cupcakes! I am not a vegan or vegetarian and in my opinion these vegan cupcakes are some of the best cupcakes I've ever had.
5	I can't sing the praises of Amanda and Corianne enough.  I am having a Jewish wedding with a non-kosher caterer so I needed a dairy free cake to eat after the meal (just so people can PRETEND to be keeping kosher).  You'd be surprised how much people balk at the idea that a cake can be done without dairy.  Another requirement I had was ABSOLUTELY NO FONDANT.  Again, people balked at how to make a "buttercream" cake without dairy.  Also adding to that is the fact that I generally hate cake for being too heavy.  That was, until I found Treehouse on Yelp.  Amanda and Corianne are magic workers with their vegan cakes.  For those of us who like animal products, I was surprised at how fluffy and delicious their cake was, knowing ahead of time that it was Vegan.  And I hate cake!  My husband was also incredibly impressed.  We served their cupcakes at our civil marriage reception and will be serving their formal wedding cake at our wedding in April.  I have loved working with them on designs and the cake just can't be beat!  We will definitely be coming back.  Cupcakes are $3.50 a pop, which seems expensive but you just have to try them.  They're worth the money.
3	Customer service was good, and the bakery was clean and presentable. For 2.50 a cupcake I would have liked the cake to have been at least half a size larger, but they were soft and moist. The frosting was good had just the right amount. Overall its a decent vegan cupcake!
5	Wow.. Just went to a gathering for a birthday and had a truly amazing vegan chocolate cake created by TreeHouse. Moist and fluffy with great chocolate flavor. Icing was chocolate and tasty too.
5	It sure is tough to be vegan and get good pastries! My sister surprised me for my bridal shower and brought a dozen mixed cupcakes from Treehouse. I was hooked! Today I dove into a 9" double layer chocolate-chocolate cake that Treehouse made for my wife's birthday. The cake was perfect and delicious - it truly could've passed for a 'regular' cake. My transaction with Treehouse was delightful from start to finish. Placing the order was easy - they require 1/2 down, but that's no big deal. They have a cool location with easy access and easy hours. Plus, the girls are cool. I'll definitely be back.
5	I now see why this place is exploding in popularity.  Forget for a moment that this place is vegan.  These cupcakes exude quality and love.  The owner was incredibly friendly and her joy for making these delicious desserts shows both in her demeanor with her customers and in the product she delivers.  And her face lights up at the chance to show you that vegan cupcakes can in fact be a delicious alternative.A friend of mine just had a baby and she's a vegetarian who's aspiring to be as vegan as possible.  Like so many women I know she's also got a big time sweet tooth.  I'd driven by Treehouse and had seen the great ratings this place garnered on Yelp, so I figured this place would be golden.  Their offerings change daily so there's no menu to view online.  You'd either have to call the shop, read their Facebook page for menu updates, or stop in and check it out.  Being just down the street, I figured I'd stop by.The location is just up the road from Bragg's Diner (another popular Vegan establishment) in an old building on the corner of Grand & Roosevelt.  There's plenty of parking so you don't have to worry about street meters.  The inside is relatively small and simple, with the baking area right behind the display case for all to see.  As you'd expect being on Roosevelt, there's plenty of local artworks on the walls as well.I figured the place would be dead on Sunday around lunchtime, but there were three couples in line in front of me.  Two of which were picking up large to go orders.  The display case had a pretty wide array of cupcakes, cookies, bars, and even scones to choose from.  Based on the Yelp reviews it seems the cupcakes are the stars here, so I grabbed four individual ones.  A vanilla and chocolate cupcake for the sake of tradition.  And to mix it up I got a strawberry chocolate swirl and a salted caramel.The strawberry chocolate swirl cupcake has chocolate strawberry frosting and the cake itself had real strawberries embedded in the chocolate cake.  Absolutely awesome.  The salted caramel cupcake is admittedly a hot mess as my fingers got super sticky caramel all over, but delicious nevertheless.  The vanilla and chocolate cupcakes were both exactly what I expected.  Simple, tasty, and just the right amount of frosting and cake moisture.  What a treat.I've alerted my friend about this place and I'm pretty sure she's going to demand a full box of cupcakes or maybe even a full size cake from here pretty soon.  Just an FYI, for a full size cake they usually ask for 48 hours notice before pickup.  For other desserts it sounds like you can just call a couple hours ahead and they'll have some ready for you when you come by.  And of course you can just walk in and select from their array of items on display.  Oh, and in addition to vegan offerings, they also offer gluten-free dessert options.This place might be a little off the beaten path, and the idea of a vegan dessert might sound weird to some.  But if you've got a sweet tooth and an open mind, be prepared to be wowed by Corianne's creations.
5	This is one of the best and cutest bakeries I've ever been too.  Everything that I've eaten from here has been absolutely delicious.  From cookies, to cupcakes, to pop tarts, I just keep going back for more...and its all vegan!  They also have some nice local art up on the walls.  The owners are very nice and friendly, you will enjoy coming here each time...
5	Love love love Treehouse!! This is the only place I go and trust for my vegan delights :) you have to stop by and don't be alarmed by the term vegan because I have even my non-vegan friends hooked!
4	Love and go here often! Get there early in the day as inventory can be pretty limited later in the day.
5	I'm embarrassed to admit that I have lived within walking distance to this fine establishment for two years without knowing it existed. Better late than never I suppose. Super friendly and helpful staff, good selection of treats, plenty of parking too (which is a major plus in Phoenix), and most importantly the cupcakes I got were amazing. Took them back to my office and had some co-workers munch on them, no one assumed they were vegan which I think is a pretty solid commendation. Looking forward to trying some of the other options!
4	It's a small and quaint shop which is extremely easy to find. Although it's a bit pricey they have discounted cupcakes as well that need to be sold that day and they were just as good as the ones not discounted. I purchased a lemon as well as a coconut cupcake which were both divine. Since they self-titled themselves as a "bakery" they should have a wider selection of sweets instead of mainly cupcakes. But regardless the cupcakes are scrumptious and no one will be able to tell they're vegan. ;)
5	I am hooked on Treehouse Bakery! A few co-workers introduced me to this quaint, little bakery that is easily accessible. The inside is adorable and proudly displays local art and other Mom & Pop shops. Do not be discouraged by the vegan focus here people! The cupcakes are wonderful and filled with love. The owners are very friendly and proud of their product. As they should be: talk about delicious! My favorites: churro, banana foster and a latte-flavored indulgence. Try this place!! You'll come back again and again!
5	Raw vegan cheesecake anyone? Had the gals here make a raw vegan blueberry cheesecake for my birthday. It was delectably rich and amazingly good. Who knew cashews could taste so amazing?!!They've now made birthday cakes four times for us (this was the first raw one) and I highly recommend them for vegan birthday cakes! Delicious!And their daily selections just keeps getting better...pop tarts and scones along with the cupcakes, cookies, and brownies. Tuesdays they have gluten-free cupcakes (altho' they have GF macaroons every day). They've also had a few mini-pies lately too! Check facebook for their selection of the day!(Oh, they've just installed a bike rack outside) (And they display art from local artists, changes every month or so.)
5	I just love this little neighborhood gem!I've purchased cupcakes, cookies, cakes, and even a pie from Treehouse Bakery. Mostly recently it was a birthday cake for my Grams' 95th - she and my family were just thrilled because it was so cute, so personalized, and so yummy!They do a great job at reasonable prices. Plus, it's good to support a local business. I'm already looking forward to my next visit.
5	Best Vegan bakery in Phoenix! The staff is so kind and friendly to talk to. They are even willing to offer gluten free options if you call and ahead and give them some notice. Definitely my favorite sweet spot in Phoenix!!!!
5	We've ordered cupcakes from Treehouse on two occassions.  We've had lemon blueberry, vanilla, chocolate, and churro.  All were wonderful.  The mini cupcakes are the perfect bite.  Highly recommend.
5	The ladies at Treehouse bakery knows how to make great tasting treats. Vegan aside, the churro cupcake is one of the best cupcakes I've had. Based on previous vegan cupcakes or baked goods, there is no comparison to Treehouse. One wouldn't know the items were vegan if they tried it. The prices are awesome, too, for any bakery. I've enjoyed every single item I've tried so far. Check it out!
5	I love Treehouse Bakery! It happens to be about a 20 second walk from my house so I love to pop in and bring some delicious treats home. My favorite cupcakes are their champagne and macaroon cupcakes, but the classic vanilla and chocolate are always a great choice too. My boyfriend loves their homemade poptarts as well. If you're looking for a refreshment then try one of their iced teas. They have a selection of 3 herbal teas, locally sourced I believe. I forgot what the tea I got was called but it was minty and delicious!
5	Yum! I just tried the day-old raspberry swirl cupcake (only $1.25 as opposed to $2.50 for the day-old, still perfectly delicious and fresh cupcakes) and the strawberry chocolate chip scone - both DELISH.
5	Best gluten free vegan cupcakes in the valley!  That's tough combination and they hit the spot.
5	Writing a review because some of the negative ones had me laughing my ass off. For the people so bothered by the fact that the owners are not "vegan or even vegetarian," let it go! That hardly qualifies as "unethical." It's not like the awesome sister act behind Treehouse is using the equipment in their kitchen to make their treacherous carnivorous meals or they are eating BLTs as crumbled bacon falls into the cake batter. And as for the complaints about the price, $2.50 is beyond reasonable. As someone who has visited every bakery in central Phoenix at one time or another, their prices for the quality and the presentation are absolutely fair. And if you think their cupcakes can't match up to your own wonderful vegan baking skills, then you should...I don't know...go bake yourself!! And taking your review down a notch because you didn't realize they were vegan and you don't eat vegan, well I think that's more on you than them.Now, on to what matters: the product itself. Treehouse Bakery has an awesome range of flavors and they made me fall in love with their churro cake. Two years ago, I ordered one for my birthday and they decorated it to fit my request to a tee. Angry Asian Girl cake, YES!! They bend over backwards to fulfill customers' orders and believe me, they have had some doozy of requests. They are more than qualified to run a bakery, vegan or not.Cori and Amanda are also just genuinely awesome individuals who care about the community. They have helped me out more than once when I needed cupcakes for an event. If you become even a semi-regular, they make you feel like an old friend. The Grand Avenue and Phoenix in general should feel lucky that Treehouse is there and hope that it stays around for the next gajillion years.
5	Located on Grand Ave in the Arts & Small Business District, Treehouse has taken an old storefront and converted it into their own little bakery.  This area of Phoenix has a worn out old-time feel that is really making it's way through revitalization, which is something I love to see.We were welcomed with an abundance of tasty treats to choose from.  Not only do they have your basic vanilla or chocolate cupcakes, but they always have treats with their own special twist. Margarita, rocky road, chocolate chip, churro, or strawberry champagne cupcakes anyone? The list really is never ending.  In addition, they also have freshly baked cookies, coffee cake, donuts, homemade pop tarts, and cinnamon rolls.  ALL VEGAN! (P.S. They have gluten-free options too!)Honestly, it was so hard to choose that I went with several options....and none disappointed.Something I've come to expect and accept is that when you find vegan delicacies chances are you'll be paying a premium.  That's not the case with Treehouse.  I was able to get everything I ordered for the price I've paid for one baked good at another one of my favorite vegan locations in Phoenix.  Not bashing, just keeping it real.
4	Had to visit with all of the hype from CATS - so, my hubby and I strolled in to check it out. The staff was extremely helpful and gave great recommendations. We settled for some pistachio cupcakes and their banana pudding. We didn't eat them right away, but when we finally indulged in our treats, I found my cupcake to be quite dry. So disappointing. The banana pudding was good, but we wished that they had offered a smaller take away size at a smaller price. We can say "been there, done that." I think that I'll just continue to enjoy my local favorites (Sprinkles and Kara's).
4	Being a vegan, I have wanted to try Treehouse for some time and I had heard great things from those who had. I was in town one day and chose to make the drive. There is plenty of parking and it was easy to find. Prices are very reasonable, comparable or better than another of my favorite locations for vegan delights. They lost one star from me only due to minimal selection. I thing there were little more than a dozen options in the case. It being a small place, I can understand that. I chose 2 different flavors of scone and away I went. They were softer than I usually expect from a scone but good. The woman behind the counter was friendly and helpful. When I asked about a particular flavor that had been recommended to me, she indicated that availability changed a lot, even throughout the day, but that I was welcome to call in requests. The inside of the story is nothing fancy and not exactly inviting enough for one to want hang out for awhile, but my guess is most people are there for pick up anyway. I would go again and recommend it to others.
5	Everything they do is amazing!!! From the cake shaped like a Pabst Blue Ribbon can they made for my husband's birthday, to the yoga themed cake for a work event, the vegan cheesecake they made the day before Thanksgiving with a day's notice and just today vanilla cupcakes with blue frosting in the middle to announce the gender of our twin boys - nothing has been less then completely amazing! They taste amazing of course but are also works of art!!!
5	100% vegan bakery with cheap vegan sweeties? Oh yeah! Cupcakes, cookies & cookie bars, brownies, scones, pop tarts, cinnamon rolls, etc., served up in rotating flavors, which are normally posted daily (with the exception of Mondays) on their Facebook page. My favorite flavors so far have been the Apple Pie cupcake (Is it an apple pie, or a cupcake? It's the lovechild of both!), the raspberry lemon (icing is to die for!), and... the... SALTED CARAMEL! One bite of that salted caramel had me losing my religion sideways.  Sinfully scrumptious!  The cupcakes are moist, sweet, yummy, and only $2+ change.  Order multiple cupcakes and they come in a nice box that keeps them in safe travels until you arrive at your destination. IF the cupcakes make it that long.Being the cupcake fiend that I am, I rarely venture into other territories, but I did try a pecan bar once and it was very good.They sell any left-overs for 1/2 price the next day, and yes, they are still fresh the following day. Whole cakes are available for pre-order and the round cakes seem reasonably priced, but the sheet cakes are expense. Pricing available on their website.Love the bakery. Love the employees (I wish I knew her name, but she has an awesome personality and she keeps me in stitches whenever I come.); they are always extremely helpful and accommodating. Excellent customer service every time.  The worst part about this place is that I don't live next door!
5	The chocolate brioche is heaven!!! The chocolate and the chocolate chip is so delicious you will dream about it. Staff is always smiling and so nice. Great place!!!!
4	I LOVE their gluten free cupcakes! SO yummy!
5	This place is fantastic! I got a vanilla cupcake which was awesome! The store was cute and prices were reasonable. I am definitely going back!
4	This is an Phoenix institution and it does not disappoint. The cheesecake is amazing!!!! I also had a fruit cake once that was delicious and light.
5	This was the last place to check off of my "vegan places to visit while in Phoenix" checklist. I almost didn't end up going here because after eating out for every single meal while here, I'm ready to be done with the dining out. Who can resist trying a treat from a vegan bakery though?!?! Not I! My son and I each picked out three things to try.  We split a cupcake (chocolate with house made vegan marshmallow topping). I'm not one of those who are obsessed with cakes and cupcakes, but the cake was nice and moist. The marshmallow topping was good, but I think the cupcake could have used a frosting.My son picked out a chocolate chip cupcake and said it was good.I got a chocolate chip cookie and it was also good.We also both got a brownie. This brownie is what prompted me to write this review. Holy smokes, this thing is awesome! I need to learn to make this brownie!!! I really can't even describe the greatness that is this brownie! Go and try one for yourself!Now, don't go thinking we're porkers for the amount of items we bought! Unlike other bakeries, their items are actually a 1 serving portion...not 4 servings in one item like a lot of places! Prices were good and the two ladies behind the counter were very nice! I'm very glad I don't live here because I'm sure I'd gain about 20lbs due to their brownies!!! I'm not going to lie, I'm probably going to stop there tomorrow before I go to the airport to head back home!Great work ladies, hope your bakery stays successful!
4	Come here to experience  Treehouse Bakery culinary talent in a casual downtown venue; dine on sausages and burgers while enjoing the view of the semi-open kitchen.
