5	A good friend of mine turned me on to this place...was pretty skeptical at first but was pretty satisfied at the end of the meal which was at 5 am!! The DJ was still spinning and the chefs were still grooving and making my custom made sushi!! Can't complain now can I ? :-) You have to have the King Crab Miso Soup as a starter!! The Jalapeno poppers are great along with the rainbow roll and the lobster rolls! Yummy!!! :-)
4	Good place especially for groups.  Pretty solid sushi and although it's in a strip mall, I actually prefer it since the prices are reasonable and it's nice and low key.
4	Ate here last night. It was pretty good. I had the spicy tuna crispy rice, the fire cracker roll, and the Crispy soft shell crab appetizer. The spicy tuna crispy rice was very good. and the firecracker roll was great as well. I wasnt a big fan of the crispy soft shell crab. I usually am, but this one had a pretty heavy batter on it much like the cheap frozen breaded shimp you can buy at the grocery store. Overall it was pretty good, and the staff was very friendly. They were out of large Sapporos, so they brought me 2 small ones...at the same time...I probably looked like a lush double fisting it in a sushi bar, but I dont mind that. :)The menu had alot of very interesting and different combinations of sushi that I'll have to go back and try sometime. I'd recommend it if you are looking for a semi-modern take on sushi.PS. I went to the one off of Eastern and Horizon ridge...not the one by on Paradise.
5	I have been to this Kaizen (across from Hard Rock) 3 times and the one in Henderson once, and each time has been consistently wonderful!  My 3 favorite items are the spicy tuna rice crisp (2nd only to Katsu-ya in Studio City, LA, where I think this sushi originated), Korean BBQ Roll and Seared Wahoo Sushi (very rare to see this Hawaiian fish sushi anywhere).  The various  soju/sake martinis are great, the atmosphere is hip and relaxing, and this place opens until 4:00 am, 'nuff said!
5	I'm based in LA and have become a sushi snob.  I was in Vegas and craving sushi and thought I would take a chance at Kaizen b/c a local recommended the place to me.  My skepticism quickly disappeared - this place is amazing!!!  I continue to yearn for their seared ono - I have yet to find another restaurant who makes it as perfectly as they do.  This place is perfect for a date or a big group.  Highly recommend!!!
4	Prices are up to par with most average sushi places.  Nigiri Sushi is about $5-8 depending on which fish.  Cut rolls are $5-12.  The spicy tuna salad seems to be a favorite.  Alas the salad seemed to be just a generic salad that they bought at safeway/vons.The Hamachi was fresh and the two pieces were nice and big.  I wasn't that hungry so I didn't try that many things.  Though the korean bbq roll was a nice try to something new, it wasn't that special to make me want to order again (may as well just get korean bbq shortribs with rice), as there are so many other rolls to try.I'd go again, prices and quality are up to par, and this time I'd try the other rolls.Good for rolls, decent for nigiri (it's no sasabune).
4	2 for 1 happy hour from midnight to 4am Sunday to Thursday is great!  Prices are a little higher than I had hoped but they made up for it with the portions there.  Easily the best late night sushi place I've been to in Vegas and I plan on going back soon.  Its closer than "I Love Sushi" in Henderson which is my fav so I will just come here when I can't schlep it all the way over there.
4	I love this place. My favorite is the spicy tuna salad. It's like a spicy tuna roll in salad form, minus the rise. I also recommend the grilled peppers and their fancy rolls.
3	The general consensus was that the food was ok with the exception with a few items that was better.  They were very accommodating to the 14 girls we had.  The biggest complaint I have is that the rice fell apart in my rolls.
4	Kaizen isn't cheap.  It's not sushi genius or the best thing you've ever eaten.  It's just really good fresh fish served till the wee hours of the morning so in my book thats pretty sweet.  When I first moved to town from New York and had no car.   I lived in the ghetto area just north and would walk the 15 minutes in blistering heat for the sushi.  Well that and check out the boobs across the street at the hard cock.Worked for me.
4	ok this review may have been blurred by my inebriation as well as my company at the time, but it was a damn fine experience.what better than hot tea, cold sake and fresh sushi at 5am after a silly night of drinking?  i never thought sushi was a good late night food, but i guess anything can when its that late.  yeah, this place is open till 6am on the weekends.  this whole concept intrigued me.  i didn't even mind hearing the new britney cd in its entirety...for our dinner (breakfast?) she had a house salad with some wild dressing i sampled that was very good.  the best roll we ordered was some scallop roll served in a sauce of curry with mushrooms...awesome.  i deducted one star b/c i was very excited for the korean bbq roll (i'm a huge, huge fan of short ribs) and it didn't do anything for me, too chewy for a roll...was terribly disappointed.  otherwise, food was excellent.the hot tea was good, i don't know why i drank more but the sake after a whole night of drinking was strangely appealing.  like i said, i ate up this whole experience.  the newest fan of sushi and sake at 6am!
5	It was the afternoon after a crazy night and I was hungry and a bit hungover. I didn't want a fancy place. I didn't want a touristy place. We were staying at the Hard Rock so we dedided to check out the strip mall across the street. Kaizen Sushi was closed at that time, and even though I couldn't see what the inside looked like, the sushi craving kicked in.We came back later on and I am so glad we did. I ordered a couple of rolls, one being The Hungry Roll.. oh my god! it was enormous.. I would have been good with just that!!We went back another time with a pretty large group of friends and they were very accomodating. I tried some of the baked rolls, which were delicious and not so heavy as my beloved tempura rolls. Eveyone else's food looked good, and no one had any complaints. I had the Lychee martini which was very tasty. We also got the party started with shots with ty ku.. sooo yummy! I wish they had it in L.A.Overall, I love how it is nice yet very casual. Also, they have such a big selection of rolls!!!!My only complaint (which wasn't the restaurants fault) is that we had them call a cab for us and we waited for about an hour and they never showed up. We walked over to the Hard Rock and the taxi line was huge. It was hot and it was annoying..... not the restaurants fault, but something to keep in mind!
5	Sushi at 3:30am!  No, it's not a typo.  This place is actually open until 4am on a Monday night.  And it's the only place any of the bartenders, waitstaff, hosts, taxi drivers, and security guards at Wynn, TI, The Venetian, or Fashion Show mall knew about....  so I'll go ahead and declare this the latest-open sushi place I've ever been to on this continent.  (If you know of anything open later in Norcal, DC, or LV, message me.)The taxi ride here from the strip was all of like $7.  Of course we spent more than that, because we first tried Tao for sushi, but it was closed.  Then Social House - closed.  Then Ra: cerrado.  Then Hamada: shut, barely.  Then here, after burning a few hundred walking calories and a yuppie food stamp on the taxi.  Once we got here, the staff was very friendly and welcoming.  And the place was actually about a quarter full - with the younger party-looking set.  No one raving drunk though.  The nigiri was a bit more expensive than that would've-been-$7 taxi ride per pair but not exorbitant for Vegas.  Not the cheapest or best I've had, but the salmon, yellowtail, and white tuna nigiri were all fresh enough and they did have some delicious, albeit very thinly sliced toro ($19/pair), again at 3am.  I mean if someone can satisfy my sushi craving at 3am on a Monday night making the fish taste good is gravy.  They also had some white tuna that is the "pure white" type we geigens love and large bottles of Kirin.  And we couldn't help but notice a group of 4 at the bar doing sake bombs dominoes style (which the undergrad in me says looked pretty cool I must admit).  I doubt 3am sake bombs are even legal in Cali.  Along with most other things in this town.  Viva Las Vegas.
4	Wasn't really in the mood for sushi after a long week in Vegas working a trade show, but my pal saw Kaizen in Yelp, and insisted we go. Quiet at 8ish on a Wed. evening (thankfully; woulda had NO patience for a loud party scene that night). The drinks were great and the food was remarkable--fresh, beautifully presented, unusual combinations--all delish. I will definitely return!
3	Took Yelp advice and this was the closest place to eat.   Couldn't print their coupons but they said they would honor them....NOT!!  We ordered sake bombs because we had coupons and they only honored one and called it a birthday coupon, after telling us both were free.  Food was good, presentation great, service not so amazing.  We aren't the Hard Rock crowd, but came for food and deserved better service.  The presentation was amazing and the sushi good, but the service lacked for us old ladies.
1	This place is the worst.  I saw a cockroach running out of the kitchen and i don't blame him.  Same old strip mall sushi you can find on any streetcorner these days.
4	Went with some local friends while visiting Vegas. Did not look like much from the outside, but the interior is well done. Simple with an open feel. There is open seating in the middle of the room to utilize its space and to keep it from feeling crowded. Both the food and service were good. As noted by others it is open til 4 AM on most days which is a plus in Vegas. I was told by my friend that they have a DJ's performing during the late night. Will likely return when in Vegas next.
1	Whack. The food was decent, but nothing was that memorable.  I would've liked my salmon skin salad to be crispy. The bad service overshadowed the experience there. The wait to get change for the bill must have taken over 15 minutes. It's not like my friends and I had a complicated bill either, we paid in cash.The Mexican bar after the Indian restaurant next door is much better than this place.
2	eh.way too expensive for the mediocrity of the sushi.there are SO many better places to choose from.
4	This place has really good sushi and a pretty large menu.  The service was good and our empty dishes were always picked up immediately after we finished. There were three of us and the bill was about $45. Worth it because the food was so delicious.
4	I love Kaizen.. actually.. I love Kaizen's First Kiss Roll. I admit, it's the only reason I come back. =P It's a cute place and I have no major complaints.. except that it is a bit pricy. Oh well. It's open late and since the boyfriend and I work in restaurants on the strip, we're always out late.. so it's nice to just get off the busy strip and have some good sushi after work. =)
4	Good place for sushi i go here for lunch with friends they have good lunch specials and i also can go here at night there open late and its a nice place. Also the fish is always fresh which keeps me coming back.
4	If you love fusion rolls, this is the place.  Mind you I've only been here once during my trip to Vegas but it was definitely unforgettably delicious.  We only got rolls so I can't say much about their other food.  However, the maki (rolls) were very creative and well combined ingredients.  It isn't cheap but definitely worth the money IMO.  I would come back here next time I am in the Vegas area.
2	Their sushi is nothing special and its rather over priced for what you get. The happy hour over at the Henderson location is better for getting drinks before hitting the club (10p-2a). The only thing this place has going for it is that it's open late.
4	4.5 STARSI WISH there was a place like this in LA: what can be better than late-night sushi?!? We always make sure to visit Kaizen when in Vegas...The Lowdown:- HAPPY HOUR starts at midnight (!!!)Prior to midnight this place might be empty, and it sometimes begins to fill up late on weekdays. - FOOD - High quality ingredients.Albacore & salmon sushi melt in your mouth. Actually, everything we've tried is delicious. The shishito pepper appetizer didn't disappoint (a personal favorite, which I often use to help gage the overall quality at sushi joints). I'd say this place is comparable to ever popular Katsu-Ya in LA.- HUGE MENUIt takes a while to peruse the entire menu and get a feel for the many specialty rolls - there's something for everyone.- LOCATIONI like the fact that this is an off-strip, "locals' favorite" type of place. Very cool, un-touristy crowd.- PRICESIts surprising to know that so many people think this place is expensive. Haven't you noticed that EVERYTHING in Vegas is expensive?!? In terms of sushi prices I'd say this joint is average, and the Happy Hour prices are a real bargain!* WARNING *CHECK YOUR BILL!I'm docking half a point because the last time we were here they "forgot" to charge us Happy Hour prices, and gave us a bill with regular prices instead. NOT cool. Of course they fixed it when we spoke up, but if not for this incident Kaizen would be nearly perfect  :(
4	My bf and I were staying at the Hard Rock and we walked across the street to get lunch and saw this place and since we are hard core sushi lovers we gave it a try. Their menu is pretty big, they have a lot to choose from..My fav was the Las Vegas roll. I say if you are staying at Hard Rock and are in the mood for some good sushi go there.. prices are okay not too bad (compared to the bay area) lol...
4	We ate here when in Vegas for Defcon last year and I LOVED this place! The food was really fresh and the wait staff was really nice and catered to our vegetarian needs.   This experience before I began eating fish again so that was really important to me.  I loved the cucumber Salad (Sunomono) and the way it was served in a martini glass, vegetable rolls, cucumber rolls, avocado rolls, we delicious and plated beautifully as well.  I would definitely come here again especially to hit up the happy hour specials & free sake bombs when you spend $15 :) Yuuuuuummmmy!
2	Ok so I am really torn. I came here for my bday party about 2 years ago, and actually had a great time, but came here last night and was really disappointed.The service was fucking terrible. If you read my other reviews you will see that I am a very forgiving/reasonable person. The host was just plain uninterested and our server could give a shit less. The funny thing is we sat at the bar and the place was not busy. I was blown away, but my friend and I were craving sushi after a couple of drinks, so we decided to go for it.We ordered a couple of beers and a couple of rolls, which were about 14$ a piece (kinda pricey) but really didnt care because I wanted to let loose. The rolls were really good; in fact we ordered about 5 more between the two of us. Ok, so here is the problem.      1.No interaction from the sushi chefs      2.The server had a piss poor attitude      3.I tried multiple times to get recommendations from server and chef with no luck....they just didn't give a shit.Ive come to a point were i am so sick of incompetent people,uninspired people (hence the reason most of us yelp so we can find no bullshit, highly recommended places to go). Well the unfortunate thing about kaizen is that they have the ability to be great, but the service is just non existent. If this was an instance in which only the sever sucked, I could probably blow it off. But no, this was the whole fucking operation.    I will never come here again. I have never been so ignored or made to feel so insignificant at a restaurant in my whole life. I will give them 2 stars because the sushi was a sliver above average. Its a shame but the service was unacceptable. Oh and their prices just suck for what you get. Nothing but another glorified "sushi restaurant" in Vegas.
5	The best value food I've had in Vegas- minus the taxi ride to get there. It's located way off strip- in a 'strip mall' across the street from Hard Rock Hotel. If you are staying at the Hard Rock, simply walk across the street to try the ridiculously good spicy tuna roll covered in tuna and dripping with roe sauce that they call the "Sexy Roll". I also tried the Scallop Volcano- a california roll exploding with tons of cooked mushrooms, scallops and spicy yummy sauce.  There are a lot of unique rolls with chicken or other cooked foods inside.  Sit at the bar and talk to one of the cool Japanese sushi chefs.  Good for large groups coming over from the hotels etc...
4	Recently went here again and it was just as good. I can't get enough of this place! I love that they have a DJ (I don't know if that's a regular thing, I was there at about 12 on a Saturday). The place is open until 6 am on Saturday, which is awesome. It's a really fun place to go and they make the sushi pretty quickly. We ordered the Hawaiian roll (it's very different than it is at other places), the baked salmon roll, 1 oyster shooter, and the Rainbow roll (the total was $45..not too bad). And of course it was all very delicious.
4	Delicious.  Will be heading back next time.
3	3.5we were craving raw oysters.. again. gosh, what is it about Vegas that makes me crave oysters all the time!?we stopped in for a light meal. we got a plate of sashimi ($20), a roll, and of course, oysters (5pc for $12). the roll was just okay.. not to mention the spicy mayo was sweet (ew?) .. however! that plate of sashimi must have been one of the freshest and tastiest sashimi i've had. this was also my second time having yellowtail sashimi in vegas and i must say, Vegas gets shipped some darn good yellowtail. seeee ya tunaour oysters were pretty good too but i like mine naked, how most oyster bars do them. Kaizen puts a little green onion, the orange eggs, and a ponzu sauce. still yummy and satisfying!i'd definitely come back here again but only if im in the area for undftd/stussy or staying at the hard rock hotel.  also, come at night.. i think theyre popular for their sake specials during that time!
2	This place has a nice atmosphere, but that's about it. I know it's a fusion restaurant, but I'm not sure what's they're fusing. I didn't order any sushi, maybe the sushi would be better. I'd ordered the teriyaki beef bowl. It just taste like pei wei's food. We also got a udon...however we didn't know they had stir-fry. I thought udon was going to be in a soup. The flavoring of the udon tasted like the vietnamese saracha chilli sauce mixed with sweet and sour sauce. Absolutely gross.  Maybe their sushi rolls are better, but I think they'd overpriced their food and you could get better sushi at other place for better price.
4	Go for the avocado train if you're a fan of avocados like I am. From the outside it looks every other strip mall in Vegas. Whether you go 2pm or 2am, it's a funky nite-club with cute decor and great music! They are clever with their roll combination.  I can be funny about eating raw fish but this place dishes up some of the freshest seafood. Not bad for being in the middle of the desert!
5	I'm so glad I yelped this place when I was staying at the Hard Rock. I was getting extremely tired of eating american food (ie Cheese Fries and Chicken Strips) at Mr. Lucky's 24/7, me and my friend were totally craving for some rice. =) I was confused by the location on the google map because we exited from the back side of the Hard Rock rather than the front and couldn't see any street signs. After walking up and down Paradise Road we finally were able to find the location. It's really easy to find, just make sure you exit the Hard Rock from the front, walk over to the Hard Rock Cafe and walk across the street towards the CVS pharmacy. A few doors down is the Kaizen Fusion Roll and Sushi. =) I loved that they were really trendy, with trendy decor (70's looking partitioners that split the tables) and they were playing popular upbeat music that got me back into the mood to party again (I was feeling tired from Rehab, I wasn't feeling up to going to Body English later in the night). =)We got seated right away, the service the waitresses were giving was very attentive, and we got our food right away. =)The food was DELICIOUS!!! =)We shared a tempura roll and edamame (they hook up the edamame!) and the chicken teryiaki bowl. But it wasn't your trypical teryiaki bowl... it tasted stir fried so it definitely added more flavor to the entree! =)Plus the meal ended up being like $20! Super cheap! =)Even if I wasn't staying at the Hard Rock Hotel I would still come by here again for Sushi... another bonus to this place is that they are open late! I believe on the weekends they are open until 4 or 5am!A MUST visit if you're craving for more than just american fried food and don't want to make the drive out of the Hard Rock.
3	If you have read some of my other Vegas reviews, you will know that I am not local but I visit very often and for extended periods of time.  I also have a lot of friends who live in Vegas and work in the service industry.  As a result, I have tried a large number of sushi bars and restaurants both on and off Las Vegas Blvd.A friend of mine who has lived in town for 18 years took us to Kaizen one night and we sat at the bar.  The food was pretty good, but nothing to write home about.  The nigiri was average, but the rolls we had were nothing special.  It might have just been the night we went, but something did not seem right with the items that came from the fryer (like the tempura).  One plus is that the price was fair and the place was open late.  The service was friendly, but a bit slow.  Overall, I will not likely go back.  With so many options, this restaurant failed to make an impression and for the price point, I prefer Hamada down the road.
3	average sushi and rolls, prices are a little bit on the pricey side... but not too bad.i guess i went on the wrong night or something cus it was pretty crowded with only two waitresses. service was mediocre... it took me reminding the waitress and even the bus boy 3 times for hot sauce!! ughhh..... i was practically almost done with my rolls by the time i got it.i even heard the table next to us ask the waitress if they were short on waitresses bc no one has taken their order..... :|
5	I really enjoyed this sushi spot!!!  I went here with my girlfriends at midnight on a Sunday night.  The sushi is very fresh and tasty.  I ordered the Salmon Tempura Roll and loved it.  I tried little bites from all my friends' food and it was soooo good. I love how they played music videos! Perfect way to get pumped for a night out.  We walked across the street to party at Hard Rock.  Would definitely go back!
2	I know everyone 'loves' Kaizen, but I've been here a few times (7-8) and I've never really loved it.  The eastern location is better though bc they do have the half price sushi but still.  Their sushi is high priced, and they dont have all you can eat, so you end up spending a fortune.  The few good things I've had were the jalapeno roll, which was actually really good, but I feel this place is more 'americanized' sushi which I hate.  I love authentic food, but this place is just ok.  I hate to give a less than spectacular rating, but I've never had a great meal from here.  If you come here for late night sushi, hit up musashi! Its down the road on paradise and way better! They have happy hour EVERY night from 11pm-3am.  The service has always been good, but the food is just ok to me.
4	DELICIOIUS!And they even have chopped fresh wasabi.   I got a roll and a bunch of nigiri, and everything was awesome.Loves it.
4	Unique sushi like giant clam and abalone sushi..I didn't  like eating either one of them. The giant clam just didnt have much flavor. The abalone was like eating cartilage.The fatty  tuna was good and some kind of fish belly sashimi was good. Service was soooo slow in the beginning. It took forever just to get started with our beer/sake. The sashimi is a bit better than an average place, but not great. Uni was not fresh. Sweet shrimp was not that great ($28 for 4 pieces).We ordered 3 bottles of sake and 2 bottles of beer for 11 people. We couldn't finish 1 of the bottles of sake and asked if we could return it. They were ok with it.
5	I am jealous of you Vegas locals!You have a place to get sushi at 4AM on the weekdays and up to 6AM on the weekends?!Yes it is a TAD bit more expensive then other places, but the rolls that we purchased were delicious. We had Spicy Tuna, Las Vegas, California, and Night roll.The hot tea was one of the better ones I've tried as well.Sushi is not overfilled with rice, the crab (if not imitation) in the California roll is not drenched in mayo. The staff was friendly, and service was good. It is also easy to order because their menu is loaded with pictures, so if you are not sure, feel free to order with your eyes.The restaurant is located in a strip mall by the Hard Rock. The inside decor is really "cool" and what I guess I can describe as "fusion". On the outside you wouldn't really think anything of this place, but hey it's whats on the inside that counts. They even have a DJ playing some 90s music for that extra "hip" feel. It was more than welcomed.For late late late night-- or early morning cravings of Sushi, check this place out.
3	We went here one night very late.... though it's more expensive than other sushi restaurants we like here in vegas it was delicious. We indulged in a couple bottles of sake and had some of their rolls and sashimi. This place is a classier atmosphere, definitely a good place to bring a date. But as far as pigging out on Sushi... I wouldn't go too hungry unless you want to get a big bill.
5	My friends and I hit up this place at 4am on Saturday night after some hard partying at Blush. The restaurant is slightly off the strip but it's well-worth the $12 cab ride from the Wynn. We had a group of 6 and we were seated right away. Our food came super quickly and everything was really fresh...shocking for 4am! I had a cucumber salad that was served in a martini glass (super fun). The clam on top was SO fresh. I also had the crazy boy roll which was delicious as well. Very reasonably priced. Our waiter even called two cabs for us after we were done. Also a plus: this establishment is non-smoking so it was a breath of fresh air...literally! Will definitely go back next time!
4	This was an enjoyable experience... Sushi was great and they were playing hip hop?!? Like Whoa!!!! I am definitely coming back!!
5	This is one of my FAVORITE Sushi spots here in Vegas!! The very 1st day I flew into Vegas, my roommate Jef brought me to the Kaizen in Henderson and I automatically fell in love!Kaizen is a very great sushi spot especially for one of the best HAPPY HOUR spots to go to after 12am-4am when your hungry and drunk! Can't beat a buy1get1 for Beer and Sake and $2 Hand Rolls!!Workers: Very friendly staff and theyre always down to drink with you especially the chefs!! They always make sure you have a great time!Menu: Its SUSHI!! Its a bit pricey but its worth! Try it and let me know! "First Kiss Roll" is my favorite Special Roll on that menu.. Pretty much everything on the menu is a great pick and I always bring all my out of towners to this spot and they always ask me to take them back again!Location: Right across of Hard Rock Hotel and down the street from the Macarran Airport! Cant ask for any better. Better than it being off the strip than on the strip or in a high end Casino!Check it out!!
5	My favorite sushi here in Las Vegas! I'm not sure I have had anything I didn't like! And the one on Eastern has happy hour specials!!
3	came here by accident. the  korean bbq place nearby was closed. but turns out this place aint too shabby.  i love the decor and with our big group of 15+, we sat at the long tall table by the door.  i can't review what everyone else had but my ahi tuna salad was BOMB! too bad it didn't stay in my stomach long =\the service was good probably due to the fact that we went during lunch time when it was pretty much dead.
5	I was in town last weekend with friends celebrating my birthday (seriously, I'm still waiting on your presents...). I wanted to grab sushi, and not being a Vegas regular, knew I should check out Yelp to see where all you Vegas Yelpers are going.Our party of 4 got in relatively early for dinner, about 5:00 on a Sunday, and we were the only ones there. We ordered about 10 different rolls, and they were served at a well staggered interval. I'd say 8 out of 10 were delicious, the other 2 average. The tuna, salmon, crab and more were all delish and fresh. We stayed for a few hours, I think we left after 8:00 since we were eating, drinking and having a great time. The wait staff were great, and were in no rush to get us out the door. In fact, they made sure to tell us they were open until 4 AM...so I guess we could've stayed for a while!Ambiance was interesting. I dig the hip hop music and videos, and even though the place looks a little low budget inside, the food more than makes up for lack of decor. Price was super reasonable, we ended up spending about $50 each, but that's with drinks, all of those rolls and a 25% tip. Great value. I will definitely visit this place again next time I'm in Las Vegas. Thanks Yelpers, for helping out a San Diegan in your fine city.
4	Sat at the bar.  A bit of a wait, but great food and friendly service.  Sake and sushi!
4	Came here for lunch one day and was happy with the food and service.  I had the chicken katsu bowl and an order of California rolls.  Both were good and was a decent portion.  My friends had the kalbi short ribs and the bake muscles.  Both were delicious!  If you have a sushi craving while in Vegas come here and you wont have to pay the outrageous hotel prices!   Decor was really hip and modern.  They blast hip hop music and have a large projection screen playing music videos while you eat.
3	Great sushi.  Terrible service.The restaurant is set up very nicely.  We were seated in an elevated area between two other tables.  We waited about 10 minutes before any employee came by.  We were ready for drinks and to order when a server came to a table next to us (only because a diner at the table hollered for her to stop by).  She almost walked away when one of our diners asked her to come to our table because we were ready to order.  She told us she wasn't our server and would have him come to our table.A couple minutes later, he arrived.  He suffered through taking our order.  He was writing it down, but we still had to repeat ourselves a couple times.  I had our drink order memorized at that point and slowly said it to him again.  Then we ordered about 7 different items.  We were really worried about getting the right items.  The food began to come to us, before we got our cocktails.  I chose to wait a couple minutes for my drink before I started eating.  We ordered quite a few items, but I only tried a couple.  The cucumber salad was fresh, crisp and delicious.  I thought the beef sashimi was delicious, but my friend thought it was bland.  I had the chicken teriyaki roll and substituted with soy paper.  I highly recommend it.  Inside the roll is piece of chicken teriyaki, crab, avocado, and cucumber and they are placed on teriyaki sauce.  It was delicious!  The best part was the serving of chicken teriyaki with broccoli, mushrooms, and onions next to the rolls.  4 cocktails and 7 dishes came out to about 90 dollars; not bad.  The funny thing was, when we wanted our bill, the gal who said she wasn't our server was able to bring us our check when we asked her to have our server do so.  Next time we're in Vegas and want sushi, we'll probably go here, but sit at the bar for more prompt service.On a funny side note... one of the nearby diners was Carrot Top.
4	I must point out that I did not have any sushi here! So in order for this place to get a fair and unbiased opinion on their food,  do not count on this review. I came here simply because I was staying across the street at HRH and it was a walking distance for a drunk person. I got tired of burgers and pizzas, and I wanted something different. This place had teriyaki bowls at $8.95 a bowl. It wasn't a restaurant quality teriyaki bowl as I expected. Infact I have had way better ones in Socal at mom and pop places. However I m must say I do like the ambiance of this place. They got a sports bar style counter setup with some flat  screens. And behind the bar were the chefs making sushi on the fly. If I was into Sushi, I would definitely come here.  I was just so hammered that day where raw fish would've been a trip killer.  This place is definitely worth checking out if you need a good walking distance munchies spot from the HRH.
3	the sushi was a'ite.. but way way way overpriced.  we've had better at an all you can eat joint.  it's clean.. and the service is good,  but nothing wowed me or made it stand out... the names of the sushi were clever!  i'd probably never go back.  plus i think it's overpriced.it was ok.
3	I wish I could say that I was drunk and stumbled upon this sushi joint... but instead, I came here to grab a take-out lunch while I was staying at the Hyatt Hotel supervising a group of tourists to a trip to Vegas.  It would have made it much more entertaining if I did.In any case, Kaizen Sushi is not a bad place to get your sushi fixing in Vegas.  They specialize in fusion rolls, so right off the bat, you know that you should focus more so on them instead of simply nigiri or sashimi.  The atmosphere inside reminded me of a very fancy bar, both very dark and roomy.  They have a pretty sweet deal for those night owls (or those trying to be) where much of their food becomes half off.  Considering that this place is open late, this place is definitely for those post-clubbing events.For my mini lunch, I ordered the Calamari Tempura Roll, which came out to be about $8.  I love eating fried squid, and was interested in seeing their take on combining it into a sick sushi roll.  What I really loved about this roll was that even though it came in only five pieces, they gave me the extra calamari on the side.  It also came with a sweet dipping sauce.My roll was okay.  Nothing to rave about to be honest, but it was a good way for me to get my sushi fixing for the day.  Everything else on the menu seems to be way overpriced, especially in Vegas when there are so many other eating bargains out there.Definitely worth a try, but go ahead and gamble at Hard Rock and make some moolah first before you come here.  Then you can fest like a KING/QUEEN!Parking is available outside in the plaza.
4	Hands down an awesome sushi bar! We were staying at the Hard Rock Hotel and saw this place across the street. Boy are we glad we tried it. The menu was a bit overwhelming since it was our first time there. The server was very nice and great service. She made a few suggestions and they were so good! Their prices are typical of sushi places. Anywhere from $10 and up per roll. We tried a baked scallop roll that was full of scallops. The don't skimp on their ingredients and I love that. I tired a lobster and crab roll wrapped in halibut...FRESH! We also tried their banana roll. Different because it was slightly sweet and savory. I love the fact that there are real Japanese people working there and making sushi. Maybe it makes it feel more authentic. You just feel like you get the whole experience versus a Mexican guy making the sushi for you. Even though he probably has no problems making delicious sushi.
4	What a fun little sushi joint. While we were in Vegas for the long weekend, we had a late night (2am) craving for dinner and of course, almost nothing was still open except buffets and Kaizen sushi. Score one for the sushi joint. A taxi driver recommended the spot to me and I have to say he was on point.Walking in, it's a small place. But the decor is warm and inviting, as are the staff. They were playing music videos and tables full of people appeared to be having a great time doing sake bombs. Their menu is HUGE. It's almost near impossible to make a choice based on all the yummy pictures and descriptions. But I settled on the Japanese steak and veggies (yummy shiitake mushrooms) and my friend ordered the albacore and the beef tataki (sp?) The food was so delicious that even as we stuffed ourselves silly, we made sure to wrap up the leftovers and take them back to the room. The price was affordable, service was quick, knowledgable and friendly, and they called us a cab to go back to the room. And did I mention they're open until 3am? Kudos. I'm definitely a fan and will return next time I'm in Sin City.
3	Came in a few times with my boyfriend, once with his dad & another time with our friends. Both times the food was tasty- our favorite was a  salmon roll topped with a creamy sauce and macadamia nuts, and this has been the only place to have it. But at $20 per roll, it's the kind of place we go to only when we'll be sharing with many people. It's close to my work and open late, which is great considering I get off work around late some days- but if I can't afford to eat there then it's not a viable option. The interior is nice, with long wooden tables and an open feel despite the small size. The music doesn't really jibe with the asian food theme, and there are large TV screens along some of the walls playing random video.Overall the food is tasty but expensive. For the same price range I could have multiple courses at Ichiza. The salmon killer roll IS especially good, so I would go back for that sometime, but expect the bill to run a bit high. It can also be awkward navigating out of the parking lot given the location and all the one-way streets.
3	Cool Sushi spot, right across the street from Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas.I had sushi at this spot after a gig in Vegas at 4:00am in the morning. Place was jumpin' at 4am....lot's of people out eating sushi in the wee-early early morning hours. Kinda pricey...but if you're really craving sushi late night, this is the spot to go to.Check my pic....this is one of the rolls I had, Bake Lobster Roll...was pretty good.
4	This is our second dining experience at Kaizen Fusion Roll. We we very happy with the friendly service and the wonderful rolls. We drive in from Boulder City but it is worth the drive and we will come in more often. We tried 3 different rolls and each was excellent. Experiment, you won't go wrong!
4	Across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel, this place is totally convenient and super yummy. They have a ton of fun rolls to share, including a few no-rice rolls that low carb LA-eaters interested in drinking their calories in Vegas can appreciate (myself included).Of course, I recommend the HARD ROCK ROLL and the SPICY TUNA SALAD that has huge chucks of tuna and nice, light dressing.
3	Fun little sushi spot open late with a casual vibe.  I ordered salmon sashimi and the spicy tuna salad.  Both were delicious. My friend ordered a roll (maybe hardrock roll?) that had lots of fish and no rice which was also tasty.  My complaint is that the prices are too high for a casual sushi spot.  I would come here a lot more if they were more reasonable or if they had a better happy hour.  There are so many great sushi spots in town with better deals unless it's really late i'll probably go elsewhere.  The happy hour starts around midnight and is only 1/2 off on booze and not much discount on any food other than certain hand rolls.
4	In a very convienient location for those staying at the Hard Rock Hotel, and nearby on the strip.  Stay out of the overpriced, overrated Casino sushi joints and take a quick ride down to Kaizen.  The sushi is fresh, staff attentive, and the beer and sake floweth.  You can have your choice of traditional sushi, sashimi, or get adventurous with one of thier tasty specialty rolls.  The SPICY TUNA SALAD is a must try; large portions of tuna with a fresh mix of greens.This is one of my favorite sushi spots anywhere, and the best I have had in Las Vegas.
3	A-OK sushi place located across the street from Hard Rock. The sushi prices are a little steep but im sure its because of the high rent location. The quality of the sushi was just ok and the decor was boring. The service was a little slow and had to order not from the sushi chef but a hostess/server. Dont think i will be back if i am in the area and want sushi.
2	After a long night  and a long drive, I wasn't too impressed with this place. We ordered 3 different rolls and they must've thought that we were ordering from the kiddie menu. Even the sauces could be measured by a squirt. I don't know if this is the norm or if they figured that we wouldn't recognize the bite sizes until we reached home. The only good thing was that it was open at 12:30 in the morning.
3	Here is my resume.  Wife is Japanese and we go to Japan once a year.  We know what fresh fish is.When I sat down they only had 4 items on the Sashimi list.  However when I asked for Mackeral they pulled it from sushi side of the menu.  No big deal but a little worrysome.Really all I was looking for as I was traveling alone, some sashime and beer.  I got what I wanted but I ended up moving on to anothe sushi place.  This place was okay for a dude just wanting the sushi experience... but not all that great.. BUT I would go back !!!  I hope I'm not confusing.Thanks.
4	Fresh and delicious sushi! If you don't want to spend lots of money at the casino sushi bars or at Nobu@Hard Rock (which is across the street) go to Kaizen. They have a GREAT AMBIANCE!, cool vibe and current music/videos! They have a long sushi bar with a couple of plasma TV's where you can watch sports. The menu has many options- our favorite was the roll that had salmon, macadamia nuts, avocado and jalapeno! YUM!  DO NOT GO TO Yokohama for sushi which is diagonally across the street. I don't know why it got so many good reviews. Go to Kaizen...you won't be disappointed.
5	Great place for the afterclub drunken munchies or lunch with the parents! I can't help but always ordering a snow corn roll and a scallop dynamite. This was the place that put "Vegas Sushi" on the map for me and distinguished it from sushi restaurants in ANY other city.
4	My previous Vegas trip on Aug 2010 a group of my friends (living in Sin and HI) and I came here. And being from Hawaii we are exposed to excellent sushi, so I already knew I wouldn't find it as high-quality as I would back home. BUT it actually was pretty decent. The prices where very reasonable to for how good, big and fresh it was.I tried the "First Kiss" being raved about from my friends which was exactly what they claimed. I also tried the salmon and hamachi negiri. I'll be sure to hit this spot up again on this years Vegas trip!
4	I found this place using yelp during our recent visit to Vegas.  The great part about this place is the late hours.  Me and my hubby was hungy at a late hour so I yelp the place and was pretty satisfied with the place.  Service was awesome.  It's close by the strip.  Awesome sushi and good food.  I would definitely go back there when visiting =)
3	I've been here a few times and let me just say, avoid on Saturday nights at all costs. The atmosphere is awful, a trashy crowd lingers and don't forget the extremely loud and cheesy music, its uncomfortable for anyone wanting a dinner where you don't feel like you are in a college-esque nightclub. The hostess couldn't be any ruder either, saying we couldn't get our food at the bar, and then she changed her mind after we were seated at a table- its like we are at a sushi bar at a strip mall not the Queen of Englands quarters, no need for the snobbery. Anyways, the sushi chefs are awesome and very friendly, and any other day or time is great to grab a bite to eat here, they also have Saketinis that are soooo adorable and delicious.
5	Best sushi on the west coast.  Fish is always fresh and the Korean BBQ roll is fantastic.  Located across from Hard rock.  This place is a must try. Inexpensive especially compared to the strip and a good staff too. Also they are open until 5am so after a late night of drinking definitely the place to be.
1	This place is awful. One roll cost almost $17 and was the same quality sushi you would get at Von's. You can get better sushi at a convenience store. Avoid this place.
3	Totally average, non-memorable. I think a lot of other working girls go there. Also the wait staff is beautiful. Nothing to really report other than that.nice ambiance, upscale motif, a bit classier than most local places tend to be. The Sushi bar is very uncomfortable though.Transfriendly- A
5	I am in love with this place! From the ambiance to the food; I have no complaints. I have been going here for about 3 years now & have had my birthday here twice. I work as a hostess at a restaurant on the strip and get off pretty late at night, so it is very convenient that it is open til 3 or 4 am. The staff are all friendly and accommodating; I usually dine at the sushi bar and always have a great time with the sushi chefs. The decor is modern and fun, which is a nice change from your typical sushi restaurant. The pricing of the items are reasonable and not too expensive which is nice. Everyone should definitely try the baked New Zealand mussels; I get them every time.
3	Hmm I love sushi so always willing to try a new sushi place. On a friend's recent birthday we decided to stop here after enjoying Yelp's happy hour at Rumor. Perhaps it was a big mistake to come to sushi hungry after indulging in quite a few drinks. Let's just say it would have been beneficial for us and our pocket books to do AYCE elsewhere. Between 3 of us, we graciously cashed out at $100 on sushi on individual rolls not AYCE. Well it wouldn't have been that bad, however, when most AYCE places are around $24 a person, it would have been cheaper to go elsewhere! The rolls were enjoyable but not mouthgasmic and overpriced. I do give them credit for surprising the birthday girl with a tempura green tea dessert, which we enjoyed greatly. I'll stick to my sushi joints off the strip.
4	When I am in Vegas for business I will usually make sure I check out Kaizen. I have brought co-workers as well as my wife here a few times and no one was ever disappointed. The prices are not as bad as on the strip, but a little higher than off the strip. The sushi menu is very extensive with items you will not find at other sushi restaurants. There are a few all you can eat places in Vegas, which Kaizen Fushion Roll and Sushi is NOT. Overall, I always enjoy coming here and it is easy to find as it is in a plaza across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. They have a few TV's with sports on them usually, and play modern music. The Atmosphere is very modern and clean. I would recommend this place to someone looking for Fusion Sushi.
5	sushi is a little expensive but I order the teriaki bowl for 10 bucks, and every roll is pretty damn good!
4	my cousins, friends, and i each ordered the two for one drink special and shared a couple large hot sakes. in addition to our drinks, we ordered the calamari roll, kalbi rib roll, crazy boy roll, and a tako appetizer that also had cucumbers and vinegar (i forget it's name). we thoroughly enjoyed our late night meal! i love how pieces of what is in the roll is also on the side, so you can tell what you are eating and enjoy more food! also, when we were ready for our bill, our waitress told us that we still had one more beer from the two for one special. she didn't have to do that!
4	Good quality and creative interpretations.  Ambiance was good for a social gathering on a Monday night, but not too loud. The limited beer and saki selection was the only gripe I had, but by no means a show stopper.
3	I recently stayed at the Hard Rock on a trip to Vegas, and considering the fact I was on a limited budget, I was very happy to find good affordable sushi across the street from my hotel!The sushi there wasn't amazing or anything, but it was good and definitely cheaper than a lot of the alternatives in the area.
3	This place has a lot of potential, considering the fact that the location is pretty good.  The place attempts at an identity; dimly lit rooms, walls and menus decorated in sleek yet simple design.  Bold and different from other sushi venues in Las Vegas.  Overall, not bad.Even the food is designed to look cute and all.  You may notice the sushi takes a little bit longer to prepare than other venues, and obviously it's because they're taking their time laying out and arranging the sushi to make it look nice.  Makes up for a nice Kodak moment if you're into that kind of stuff.  It's impressive, but the bottom line is that no amount of decoration can make a delicious meal.  The fact is, the sushi tastes bad. Really bad.To be fair, the sushi may be OK for first timers or real causal sushi goers, but it just doesn't cut it for me.  The biggest reason is that the rice is terrible.  It doesn't mix well with the sashimi at all.  It's always because the rice is cooked too thin,there's too much rice in the roll, it's not packed correctly with the sashimi, the list goes on and on.The fish is OK, but not mind-blowing.  The best way to find out if a sushi joint is good is to eat the most perishable fish on their menu.  I always try the Ebi(Shrimp), Ama-ebi(Sweet Shrimp), and Uni(Sea Urchin) as starters.  Try one of these as a Nigiri (Fish and Rice only, with no tacky sauce), and you'll know in a heartbeat if the fish is fresh or not.  It doesn't matter anyways because you shouldn't order Nigiri at a sushi joint that doesn't have AYCE unless you wanna put a hole in your wallet.The price is pretty overpriced as well.  I know it's near the Strip and everything, but it seems that's all you're paying for at this point.  The food does no help to justify the price of the dishes.Oh, I just want to point out it took nearly 20 minutes for them to prepare a California Roll.  Unbelievable.  I don't care if it looked pretty because when I'm hungry I can eat anything that looks close to edible.  The thought of waiting another 20 minutes was insane.   I can't imagine how much longer it will take if I ordered it during their peak hours.  If you go there around 10-11pm when they're busy, good luck ever getting your food..In conclusion, considering that the food comes out looking pretty like a flower arrangement and takes a long time, its more like a lounge-like environment.  Go with a couple friends when you aren't too hungry, have a couple drinks and poke at the pretty food that takes forever to come out.  In that sense, it's an OK experience.  But as far as taste goes, stay awaaaay. PRO: Nice decoration, location is OK.  Sushi may be decent for casualsCON: Sushi tastes bland, dishes takes a really long time to come out, no AYCE
3	Last meal in Vegas before heading back to LA.Kaizen was really close to our hotel and on the way to the freeway. It wasn't very busy when we got there so we were seated and served right away. We ordered the sashimi lunch combination, the first kiss roll, and the tokyo roll. The server said she accidentally poured two soups instead of one (claiming that the lunch special comes with one soup). She scored brownie points with that move. The sashimi combination was alright. The slices of fish were decent. Not the Best sashimi I've ever had but it hit the spot.The first kiss roll was pretty scrumptious. Not entirely sure what sauce it's served on top of but it was absolutely delightful. The Tokyo roll looked scary. I've never seen a raw fish roll look so slimy before. But the server Shima informed us that there was a mustard ponzu dressing on top of it. Me and my boyfriend only ate half of the roll trying to stomach the unusual slime but the waitress insisted that she still discount the roll from the bill.To make up for the Tokyo roll, our server brought out a deep fried green tea ice cream covered with whipped cream, cherry and drizzles with chocolate sauce. Never having tried this concoction, we were pleasantly surprised with such a treat. Thanks Shima!
4	Awesome quality on all sushi. All fresh. The food was amazing.....but a bit over priced and bad service. I will come back just because of the hours, open late and great food.
4	if your a fan of sushi, but cant stand all the hoopla that comes with the vegas casinos, all you can eat buffet, and ridiculous prices. Then this place is for you.  The first and most important thing is the sushi was delicious! We had sashimi, different rolls, seaweed salad, the works.  the atmosphere is is very easy going, their's no rush to get you out, the servers are very friendly and helpful, and best of all its open until 4am on most weekend nights.Being from out of town and not being a fan of the vegas lime light. (I only go to vegas for work.)  this place is off the strip, across the street from the hard rock cafe/casino/hotel, in a corner shopping strip.  We asked our waitress (sarah) from Japonais inside the Mirage about a local place off the strip where locals go. She recommended this place.  HEY! Sarah great call thank you. i understand there's more than one location, lucky vegas residents.  i will be back to vegas (unfortunately), but now i have a place for sushi were the real people can go.
4	This is a great sushi bar.  Very creative rolls, great atmosphere and acceptable service.
4	By simply crossing Paradise Road, I'm pretty sure we ate two or three times the amount of sushi we would have received for the same price in the Hard Rock. Service was SUPER fast. That probably contributed to why we kept ordering roll after roll... we arrived hungry, and the food emerged as each dish was ready, seemingly two beats after we'd spoken the words. Delicious spicy hamachi, tuna sashimi in garlic ponzu, rainbow roll, unagi, various maki of salmon persuasions, I could go on... The vegetarian among us was also pleased with her rolls. I was quite impressed with the freshness of the fish (a feat of modernity I've never gotten over since inhabiting landlocked states).  Even after several add-ons to our orders, sake for the table, and mango mochi, the total bill was still impressively moderate. Unless your heart is set on Nobu, give Kaizen a try. Just be careful of those speed-demons tearing across Paradise.
4	The surprising thing about Vegas is how few great dining options there are late-night.  Sure, every hotel has its late-night restaurant but they're generally pretty average.  This place was great!  They had funky rolls and good drinks and at 2am we weren't expecting anything this good.  Would definitely return.
3	I frequent the Kaizen establishment closer to my house on Eastern Ave. I had friends in town and they were staying at the Cosmopolitan. I picked them up and took them out for lunch to Kaizen. I was surprised to order my usual items that I was used to but they were served differently. Not a bad thing, but it did catch me off guard. The service was ok, had a little issue with my wifes soda being frozen. They did bring a new one out. Overall, a good dining experience. Would recommend and return.
4	Kaizen Is not the cheapest sushi spot out there but the service and quality of the food makes up for the price. They're happy hour is on every night from 10pm to 2am and If you go on they're website you can print out a coupon to get a free Saki Bomb with a purchase of 15 dollars or more.
4	Wonderful place for lunch!  They have these lunch specials and all are big portions for a good price.  The sashimi combo was very fresh and the tempura was good too!I have been there several times and my boss goes there almost every day.  The only waitress i have seen can work the whole lunch by herself and does a great job.I am sure we will be back again!
4	The Japanese word "Kaizen" brings back memories of my B-school days, when studying operations management in the car industry.  Kaizen means "continuous improvement" - why would any restaurant want to name themselves this?  Maybe Kaizen Sushi is aware of its shortcomings and wants to strive to be the best.  HMMM...Food & DrinksI came here with a couple of girlfriends for lunch and we immediately ordered lychee sake.  Points for having this on the menu!  It might be the Boone's Farm of sake, but can't deny that it was goooood!  We didn't want anything too heavy to eat because we had early dinner reservations, so one of my girlfriends had sashimi, the other had a bento box of short ribs, while I had the ahi salad.  As you can see, the unifying thread was NO RICE  (we were going clubbing that night - we didn't want to look TOO bloated!)  Amazingly, these dishes were satisfying - the portions were pretty generous.  Because we ordered from the lunch menu, everything was reasonably priced.   No complaints here!AtmosphereKaizen is located in a little strip mall, so we weren't expecting the place to look anything less than your run-of-the mill sushi joint.  However, Kaizen had some pizzazz - the walls were colorful and rock music was playing.  We felt like we had walked into a bar.  For what it is, Kaizen scores points for atmosphere too - no complaints here either!ServiceThis is where Kaizen should practice some Kaizen.  Orders came to the table slowly and randomly.  The bento box came first, which had my friend & I drooling.  My order came last, and by this time I was ravenous!  They should have served our food all at once! So I'd give Kaizen 3.5 stars if I could, but I'll round up because their name suggests they are striving for perfection.  As far as the service goes, I should hope so!
4	Decent rolls for a decent price.  I would put this on the same level as some of the sushi spots i frequent in the Bay Area.What puts this place apart is that they're open late, till 6 in the morning!  Also, i was impressed with the service.  We ordered miso soup,  tempura & sushi and got our food in the correct order!  Its a win-win!
5	Delicious sushi! I got the combo and couldn't finish it, and I've never been unable to finish sushi.
5	How we found out about this place....amazing....Kara and I decided to leave my boyfriend at the hotel for a girl on girl bonding dinner shennanigan.I remember i was drunk...and emotional. and drunk.... and a limo driver gave us a free ride. He asked me where i wanted to go to. I said. SUSHI.And luckily, without any attempt of harm, or kidnap or rape...we made it safely to the sushi spot...in a LIMO.fly!Tip: Girls. we just got lucky our limo driver isn't a douchebag. But do not attept to hop in, to any limo just because it's a dashing limo..I didn't think at that point. Thank god we didn't get killed in our short skirts.Anyway....So...my girlfriend and I ...along with our drunken hungry stomachs..ordered so much sushi, which we devoured in less than an hour....Service on a saturday night was great. No long wait. and they are really friendly.I had to take my boyfriend here....so we came back here on Monday...again....What i've tried here so far..i really did like...here we go: (this is from two nights of being here)*First Kiss: Deep Fried Shrimp topped with soft shell crab, tuna and white fish. It comes with a subtle tangy sauce with a flavor that's just about right without overpowering the natural flavor and tast of the fish.*The "O" Roll: Chopped deep fried soft shell crab, spicy tuna and avocado, topped with Yellowtail. As the name says.... This is a full blown Orgasm in your mouth. Definitely a must try. It gave me multiples. I had to order this twice.*Palm Springs Roll: OMG. This is an orgasm within an Orgasm.Cubed Tuna in Spicy Mayo and Ponzy Sauce galore, with crab, avocado and cucumber. Soooo Goooooood. This is really amazing.We ordered this on our two nights we were at Kaizen.*Kiss of Fire: If you like Spicy...you'll love this roll. Inside: there's crab, avocado and cucumber... Topped with Spicy Tuna, White Fish, Jalapeno. Sauce: spicy garlic ponzu and hot sauce..... Down this with Asahi or a shot of Sake. you're good.*Kaizen Roll: Who doesn't agree that anything deep fried is just oh. so . good??? and unhealthy? whatever sushi pooper. This roll is a must try as well. IN: Deep fried soft shell crab, lobster, avocado, asparagus, yamagobo,cucumber, radish sprouts.. Topped with Tuna, Salmon and Yellowtail. sauce: eel sauce.*Chicken Teriyaki Bowl: Even their Chicken Teriyako Bowl is not ordinary. It's yuuuummmmy!!!!What i like about this Sushi Joint is that...it's not over-rated and doesnt try to be fancy shmancy like other sushi joints on the strip. They keep their quality and deliver freshness fish after fish..after fish. Service is fast and excellent. Prices are decent. Fish cuts are thick and generous. Selection is different and unique.Definitely recommend this place to Sushi Lovers in Vegas!
5	While visiting LV, my friends and I really wanted to eat some sushi. The first place we "found" seemed to either not be open or no longer in business, but just our luck Kaizen was right across the street. They have a fun atmosphere and a sizable menu. I couldn't decide what to pick!  I chose a few interesting rolls, and they were very good. Good job Kaizen!
4	The Rose roll is something else.  Seriously.I went here with my cousin because he raved about the place for a long while, claiming it was the best sushi he's ever had.  Since he's from the West Coast and I'm a Midwesterner, I decided I had to see about this for myself.  Not sure if it was the saki bomb or the sushi itself, but damn, it was good.  A little on the pricey side for what you get, hence the 1 star reduction.  I guess that's in comparison to the sushi prices I'm used to in places that aren't Vegas, so it's probably good for Vegas prices.  But I'll definitely be back if I ever find myself in Vegas again, as unlikely as that is.
2	Nope, not buying it... Non japanese sushi joint with large screen tv playing hip hop music video... Why???? Nice interior though. I usually don't like to give negative reviews... but this wasn't my place (sorry).
5	Some of the best I have had, fresh and the staff is great! If you like sushi you need to try this palce.
5	This place is one of the best sushi spots in Vegas!!!  When this place is packed or just has a few people scattered through the restaurant, the service is always the same......efficient and  amazing!  I've never had to wait more than a minute before someone comes up to greet me which is a rare thing these days.  The sushi rolls are unique, beautiful, and all have such diverse tastes.   When I have gone there by myself the sushi chefs are great at making you feel welcome and are very interactive, they are the same when I have gone with someone as well but are great for the lone ranger who's out looking for a great dining experience. I highly recommend this place for any local or if you are visiting, it will become you new fav sushi spot or at least be added to your list for sure!  LOVE ME SOME KAIZEN!  Keep up the great work you guys!
1	Quite possibly the worst sushi we have EVER eaten.The fish wasn't fresh.it was overpriced and amateur.if you wanna call yourself a sushi restaurant....Learn how to make sushi.And  if you can't afford to keep fresh fish in the house.....don't call yourself sushi chefs.Also.I Ordered the seared beef tataki....It came out ice cold.GROSS food.Save your time and your money.This place should shut the doors before they give someone food poisoning.Word to the wise...they order cheap ahi that is not sushi grade and they use it for sushi.Please bring a roll of toilet paper.Your gonna need it when your colon explodes on your ride home.Don't eat at this joint.seriously.Unless you have an extra three days to spend running to the bathroom......
5	100% classy. Have enjoyed quite a few sushi joints this one is in my top 5.
3	Had a quick lunch here before heading to the airport (leaving Vegas...so sad).Thought that they had very inventive rolls, but was disappointed in the complete lack of a lunch special (was there at 1 pm) as well as the service. The waitress was pleasant and helpful, but was the only one working the entire lunch rush and couldn't handle everything. I sat at the bar and waited a good deal of time between each roll, and had empty water glasses the entire time.I think the service is probably perfectly fine when there are more employees there, and the rolls were certainly tasty. Slightly overpriced in my opinion, but tasty. I'd say this place is worth a try if you're headed to the airport and want somewhere that isn't flooded with tourists.
4	In a word? Omnomnom...Wait? Is that a word? It's a sound, for sure. And we made it a lot devouring our dinner at this great place!Fresh, plentiful, tasty, creative. Oh man. I have a new favorite, fo' sho'. A little slower than some places (as others have pointed out) but worth it, I think. They take their time to make sure it's executed perfectly. Service with a smile and we lacked for nothing. The shitake mushroom roll was earthy and perfectly balanced with the crunch of veg and a touch of crispy tempura. Served with some tempura fungi on the side, and it's a complete dish! The Rose and White Rose rolls have been entered into my foodporn um, brain bank... ;) No rice (perfect for me): it's amazing fish, sauce, and a touch of veg here and there... WRAPPED IN MORE FISH. #winwinWe also had a soft-shell crab roll (the name escapes me and it's not on the online menu) that was similar. More fish wrapped in fish. Really. #happyMuseWe had a few other rolls, including the Rock and Roll, the Firecracker, a crunchy scallop roll (served with additional panko-breaded scallops! Yum!), and an unagi/avocado roll. All very, very good. The sauces were not overly used - Bonus points! - just enough to go with the flavor profiles they were trying to create. No sauce-drowned fishies here!To taste the fish on its own (as Bentern says in his review, without the "tacky" sauce), we did order some nigiri including salmon, tuna, and uni. The uni, my favorite but not that of my dining companions, was fresh, sweet, and perfect. Always a great sign of a great place, IMHO.Again I have to point out that I like that they don't pack their rolls with rice (and have a LOT of non-rice options). The menu is *extensive* (the online menu is a fraction of the options you actually have). In addition to the sushi and sashimi, they offer some entrees as well.I don't mind a lack of AYCE because I don't eat enough to make those "deals" worth it. However, I could see the draw in having something here... They can be on the pricey side. That said, Friday night we had a hell of a meal between the three of us... a ton of great food, a couple cucumber salads (meh... just a lot of cucumber in a martini glass... wasn't impressed), some soup, and all those rolls. For... 70ish bucks? Three people? Not bad at all for what you are getting.And now I am hungry... Dinner, anyone?
5	amazing amazing amazing. By far the best sushi I ever had in my life. I am happy to admit Im a local here. I come as often as humanly possible.I first discovered this place about two months ago. Everything is good. My favorite is the crispy rice appitizer. It's just yum.matter of fact... I am heading there now! they're open late, perfect for the casino workers and late night crowd like us!
2	I wasnt wild about this place. I have 3-4 different sushi dishes and none were great. All were pretty average and forgettable. I was also kinda blown out by the bar bill, so didn't leave me feeling like I will be back. There are many better places in town.
4	Walked across the street from HRH for a late lunch Feb 26th, and we're glad we did. Our favorite was the Spicy Rainbow Roll.  We enjoyed the hip music and videos that were on, too.
4	another one of my great finds! just like firefly. delicious!  if ur in vegas, def plan a pit stop.
3	It is close to the hotel and convenient.  It fulfills food needs and in a tasty fashion.  But compared to other sushi places it is ok.  Let's leave it at that.
5	One of my favorite sushi places, for sure! Hands down, best Japanese lasagna roll I've ever eaten. I had it for the first time there and honestly, no where else compares. I took my friend there for the first time recently and she loved it. Not having had sushi much, I told her to look at the menu, read all the descriptions and pick something with the type(s) of fish she likes. She did and ordered the Alaska roll which she said was really good. They have a great menu and I love how it's decorated. My only complaint is that sometimes the service is a tad slow, but they really do try their best, and that is ok with me. A lady next to me this last time was completely rude to the server but he didn't get upset and was able to pretty much turn it around, which was awesome. I don't mind paying their prices for what I get.. I've never been disappointed!
5	I go to this place a few times a month for dinner because of the tasty food, shockingly good services and reasonable prices. Always stuffed by the time I leave.Made the decision to go there for lunch and was happily surprised with their lunch menu.Although I ordered my regular Chicken Teriyaki bowl, my friends ordered the "boxes" which is only available at lunch. Will order the Box next time since you get a lot of different types of food for the same price.Love this restaurant!!!
4	Even though the atmosphere is more like "club sushi" I still like this place.I can put up with the big screen playing trendy music videos and the elevated volume for 3 reasons.1. The fish was fresh, the rice was good and the selection of fresh fish sufficient!2. They are open until 6am and I have another option for late night/early morning sushi cravings.3. Great service!
4	It's pretty disheartening that I've had my favorite roll, to date, a thousand miles from home. Went to Vegas in March and stayed at the Hard Rock. The fella and I had a craving for sushi, and found Kaizen in the strip mall right across the street. We strolled over and proceeded to order an obscene amount of food. Everything was good, until we got the Kiss of Fire, which was AMAZING! Nevermind that we already scarfed down 3 rolls, tempura, edamame, and nigiri  - we HAD to have another one. That good.The atmosphere here was nice. Clean, modern, bright. The service was great. The price was definitely reasonable. If I lived in Vegas, I'd be there pretty consistently. Seriously. Go. And if you don't order the Kiss of Fire - you're just dumb.
4	i can't believe i'd forgotten to review this place!  i was there last month and was so pleased by my meal here that i couldn't wait to yelp it.  but then i got distracted.  :/  it wasn't until a friend asked for vegas food recommendations that i remembered.  anyway, this place is SO good!  here are my top 5 reasons for saying that:  1.  it is open late... as ALL things should be in vegas, and sadly are not.  2.  it is very reasonably priced.3.  the traditional sushi is great, but some of the more creative rolls are freakin' rad!4.  the service is polite and attentive... even in the wee hours of the morning.5.  it's not quite on the strip but not on the other side of the vegas world either.my only sad is the it's not in LA.  certainly belongs on my must-eat-there list whenever i am in vegas now.
2	It's really hard to find a great sushi place that's consistent. I purchased a Groupon for this place since it was close by my house. I took a friend for lunch and we were told we don't get the special lunch prices if we use a Groupon. So in the end, it really didn't save us any money. Regardless of that, we were one of two parties there during that time and our rolls were delivered far apart. Plus, all of the rolls were so-so. I wouldn't go again.
4	YUM-o!my friend & i went here just because we stopped at CVS and was craving sushi. & i tend to be a sushi purist ever since going to Sugarfish in LA but sometimes i want a fatty heap of lobster-crunchy-ricey-mayo- goodness...& hey, I'm vegas! So we go in & mind u, we didnt yelp! it before so we has NO idea what we were getting ourselves into. BUT boy were we pleased. the menu is like a book so good luck choosing one thing. I ended up choosing the Japanese Lasagna, cause well i have never heard of it! and my friend ordered the Silver Plate Roll (for starters we got Monkey Balls and Seaweed salad-- Delish!)... Both dishes were bomb.com but The Japanese Lasagna will rock ur socks off!!! It was soo what i was looking for :)...Sigh, sadly they dont have a place in LA....but I'm sure as hell gonna find a rip-off...or maybe its just a sin city treat? ;)
4	Open really late and great sushiI have stopped in here on numerous times to Vegas. Mainly because i get into town late and after a full day of traveling i need somewhere "non vegas strip" to eat and relax.There best roll is hands down the "sexy roll" but ill let you be the judge cause there all good. The waitresses are nice and the place has a nice layout. Nice top 40 hits with a huge screen where they play the music video to whatever song is playing. Kinda cool to watch if you dont wanna chill at the bar and watch whatever sports game they have on.
5	The first kiss roll is one of the best sushi rolls I have ever had in my life. The spicy tuna crispy rice is really good too
4	One of my favorite late night sushi spots.. The customer service is average, sometimes the wait for your order can be a little longer than normal, even when they aren't very busy, but the sushi is always fresh and delicious tasting. I'm a huge fan of the crunch rolls, they even have a chicken katsu roll for those who aren't too keen on seafood.. Definitely worth a try.
1	I got the scallop volcano roll.. It was horrible, drenched in sauce (literally)...it was like sushi soup..totally looked different from the photo in the menu..quality is not worthy..miso soup also is bland...everything else my group ordered looked okay..service was kinda bad as well..not very attentive.
4	Great sushi...happy hour is great and staff is funny and friendly and let's the customers create their own sushi :)
3	Lunch at Kaizen?  Heck yeah.  Why does eating sushi on your lunch hour feel so scandalous?  Probably because spending $35 for two people is a little much for lunch hour. lol  It could be worse.I got the lunch special California Roll with salad and miso soup.  Pretty good.  California Roll was really small but Im not really expecting much for it being the lunch special.  My friend got some sort of dragon roll and sashimi.  Her roll was much bigger than my baby Cal roll.  Both she said was pretty good.My one gripe for this place is that they don't serve white meat chicken!  I love myself a teriyaki chicken but not with gross dark meat.  I understood back in the day the cheap way to go for these places is the dark meat, but now in a health cautious world a place such as this should have white meat for Gods sake. Anyways, food pretty good.  Service good...they guy actually remembered I needed a fork for my salad. hehe  The place is always empty for the most part.  I sometimes wonder why being that its across the street from the Hard Rock.  So yeah just an "okay three star review" because of the "no white meat".  Get with the times Kaizen!
4	I love Kaizen!I'd never been here, but I am always in the area when trolling around for food. Grabbed lunch here the other day for a team lunch at work.Everything was delicious. The miso soup, the seaweed salad, the various rolls. Try the caterpillar roll, and share it with people. It's foodporn worthy.Service was fast!I can't wait to come back.Sorry this review isn't as novel as my previous ones. I'm close to 400. I don't care. This place is just worth it, and I can't wait to come back!
2	Tried this place thru Groupon since it was close to my work. Rice was undercooked and I had scale in the spicy Tuna roll. Overall, sushi and rolls weren't tasteful much.
1	BOO. So disappointed.Came here around 8 on a Saturday night after Yama's Sushi had a 30 minute wait.Soon as we came, we were seated immediately which was good because we had a party to go to at 10.Each of my friends ordered a hot/cooked dish and a specialty roll; I ordered the chirashi (sashimi sampler on rice) because I didn't want to be too full for the night's festivities.In 15 mins, my friends each got their cooked meal - seafood curry, chicken katsu, and chicken teriyaki donburi. Told my friends to eat as my food was surely to come out soon.I watched my friends eat as I drank water; and watched more and more people come into the restaurant. Before I knew it, my friends were done with their meals. And I started noticing that the groups of people that came after us were getting their sushi. This was about 30 mins after ordering.We kept looking for our waitress for the next 5-10 minutes but, no one came into our section. We, finally, had to wave down the hostess to check on our sushi.My friends' specialty rolls, finally, came. But, at that point, their food had already settled and they weren't hungry. Finally...after an hour of waiting, my food came. By that time, I didn't even wanna eat it.For a city that has all these AYCE and stellar sushi spots, Kaizen should be lucky to be open. And with service like this; forget it!
2	It's open late, it serves sushi(meh sushi) and the prices seem to reflect the fact that it's across the street from the Hard Rock. That combination is not something that will ever make me want to come back. Not to mention all 3 of the rolls I ordered were sloppily made and didn't seem to be the freshest of fish. Pass!
5	this place is awesome! i'm always satisfied to find pretty good sushi for good prices, so that i found here ridiculously yummy, beautifully prepared sushi for very reasonable prices, i was totally stoked. whatever you do, order the Avocado Train, i think it's called - it will break your heart. the yellowtail with jalapeno is perfection, and the grilled ika is scrumptious!! i'll be back every time i visit vegas ...
4	Delicious! Would definitely visit again.  Their rice was not sticky enough for me and fell apart quickly after picking up w chopsticks.  Had their sushi combo w California roll.  Awesome!And all this for $10.76...great food at bargain prices
4	I tried the tiramisu glass for dinner tonight but I didnt expect the ice cream consistency. When it comes to tiramisu, I preferred a warm sponge cake texture better.
5	We ALWAYS come to this sushi place when we are in Vegas.  NEVER a disappointment.  Service is great and they will fabricate any type of roll you want, just tell them what your tummy desires.  =)
5	My new favorite sushi place!  I tried it for the first time this weekend and liked it so much I went back the next night.  They are open late, the sushi tastes wonderful, and the prices are fair.  I can't wait to visit Vegas again so that I can eat here.
4	One of the best sushi places in town. I love the decor of the restaurant and the staff is always wonderful!I sushi chefs are great and the sushi always taste fresh. They play great music and the vibe is definitely pleasant. My favorite roll is the rainbow roll... you must try :)
3	Stopped in here after Yama Sushi had an 50 minute wait! The decor reminded me of a nightclub. We ordered Gyoza and an assortment of other sushi rolls. The service was pretty good.  All of the rolls were pretty good, but the real standout was Japanese lasagna. it tasted different from Sushi-mon's or even Yama's because it tasted more like it should be called 'Japanese Mac N Cheese'. it was refreshing and interesting tasting. The Gyoza was not as awesome. I'm not a fan of deep-fried gyoza.This place definitely hit the spot for my sushi craving. However upon leaving the restaurant i realized it wasn't the same as Yama sushi. Still good, but not the same.
4	Really enjoyed this late night sushi place and after 5 hours of playing blackjack I was grateful to find a decent sushi place open after 2am.  All the other late night sushi places seem to close at 2.  Sat down at the bar, at 3:10am the place was surprisingly seated with about 10 other late night eaters. I ordered 2 rolls: King of Ocean Roll (topped with lobster, shrimp, tangy sauce and contained avacodo, asparagus, cucumber) & Sunrise Roll (salmon,avacodo on top, with spicy tuna inside and ponzu sauce).  The food was satisfying and tasted fresh, moreover very satisfying.  Service was friendly and prompt, 2 young Japanese sushi chefs working at the bar preparing the sushi.  Waitresses were young and cute, overall a very satisfying experience and exactly what I was hoping for.
1	Been here before food is ok not the best sushi rolls in town for sure . This time I sat at the bar And sushi chefs were totally out of touch and I practically had to yell at them to get my rolls, but the retarded thing is me and my friend were the only guys at the freaking bar.
4	First, I have to thank Mary P. for this suggestion.  Actually, she suggested the location in North Las Vegas. But still glad I came here. I was staying at the Hard Rock and wanted some sushi. Had Hamada's 2 nights prior (see review) and it was horrible. Had to redeem myself.Service:  Tons of staff to the point that you will always have someone at your needs.  Good job Team Kaizen.Now for the food.  Tried their Spicy Tuna, Chicken Katsu w/Brown Rice, Baked Salmon,and Caterpillar Roll.  All were tasty, fresh, not fishy, and made to order. My co-worker had a special roll created exactly how he wanted it.  Always good when they can improvise. Can't wait to try the location in North Las Vegas.  Only issue with this place is that they lack AYCE. But they stated they were better than the north location.  We'll see, I will be the judge
5	Love this place! Go weekly since we were staying nearby when we first moved here. Get the same thing every time - tempura shrimp or lobster roll and chicken katsu. And of course sake and beer. The place is lively and there is a video screen which is a bit loud, but works in this place. Service is excellent. We love Tom. This place is also kid friendly and my daughter's favorite place to eat.
2	The decor inside was very nice. When you stepped inside, everyone welcomed you even the chefs. You can hear music  playing along with the music video displaying on one of their walls. The waiter did not sat us down. He just went off and lay down the menus without even a heads up that it was our table. Seems like he really wanted us to leave, since he came by every minute to ask if we were ready. When we were finally ready to order, the waiter was glancing out the door and was waiting for other customers, which was so rude. One of the workers had to personally go up to the waiter and tell him that we wanted to order. Never experience this kind of situation in my life but it is what it is. The food tasted great. If you order stuff that is not in the menu book, the portion is quite big. The busser would always come by and refill our drinks, which was very nice of him. When more customers come in, the waiter paid even less attention to us. One of us had to stand up and get him so we can have the same attention as others.Overall I like their food, but seriously the service is horrible.
2	Where do i start.. Kaizen Sushi is a Japanese restaurant  in front of the hard rock casino. Or at least it tries to be.. First, it's korean owned (like most sushi places..In case you didn't know, sushi rolls were invented in korea, not japan), they serve Japanese food, but not traditional Japanese cuisine, if that's what you're looking for (try Ichiza). I came here for sushi, and to my dissapointment, the sushi was not fresh, I've been here twice and both times the fish was old.. From tuna to uni, the sushi was old and dry. Not to mention the size of their cuts.. For the price they charge they should at least make up for quantity. I've had an order of $6 nigiri that filled me up more than their $22 chirashi bowl (mix sushi bowl). Ok maybe not... but you get the idea.. The only reason why they dont deserve a 1 star review is the fact that they have friendly people working there, and they are open later than most sushi places in vegas (they close at 4am).. so prepare to order a couple of Sapporo's and Sake, and hope it makes the food taste better.
5	Really liked everything and the prices
3	Total quality management.Look it up: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/KaizenEdamame and cold tofu with ponzu both delivered.Mountain of salted goodness on the former, rectangles of soybean with sweet homemade ponzu sauce on the latter. Loved both.Rolls were massive if unmemorable. Rainbow featured an assortment of fish, Mackerel Madness was pretty mad with mackerel and more ponzu sauce.Yet a week later not much stands out from either.Reasonably priced and a space that tries to be as cool as possible.Call it three stars for reaching middle management.
4	I was so happy to find this place...I was staying across the street at the Hardrock and nursing a major hangover that I had already attended to earlier in the day by ordering eggs benedict from room service ( good room service FYI )...anyway still lagging and trying to decide to rise and shine or hermit in my room when my friend said he was coming over...so oh shit, guess I better get up...he asks me what I want to eat and I say Sushi downstairs....I start getting ready and start imaging what I will order once at Sushi, my friend gets there we head downstairs walk in the sushi spot and God Damn it...I'm 10 minutes too late and they are closing...argh....so they recommended across the street...I'm glad they did.Yeap its an American style sushi spot ran by maybe Koreans with all kinds of fried sushi rolls...which is exactly what this hungover girl was craving anyway.Albacore with crispy onions ..YumSalmon nigiri...YumShrimp tempura roll...Yumsome kind of bulgogi roll..Yumand some other specialty roll, can't remember...Everything I had was delcious and fresh....service was fast and friendly and I felt happy here...the hangover required that I be around only a few people and the HardRock was totally over crowded...They are open super late for those like me who crave things late at night!
2	Not as tasty as i like.
1	I was craving sushi and staying down the street from this place, and was just plain not impressed.To begin with they didnt have a great selection, so I ordered a baked salmon roll, that was TINY and so full of cream cheese that it completely over powered the taste of the salmon.On top of that they are one of those places that charges you a fairly normal price for a soda, I want to say it was like $2.50 or something... But it's in a can, so no refills. Service was slow, they forgot my miso soup. Could have been better.
5	this is one of our favorite dinner hangout spots in vegas!!!great hours, great location, great atmosphere, great service, great food/sushi! tons of sushi options and if you want something that isn't on the menu-- the chefs are great and will make whatever you want! can't wait to go back!!!!
5	Just plain perfection. The sexy roll is to die for.  On our last trip to Vegas, we ate at Kaizen three times.  Skip Nobu across the street, and come here instead.
3	I like Kaizen. It's hip, easy to go with a group of friends and they have some interesting rolls to choose from. My only issue is that it's a bit pricey for me. Two rolls and a drink - your check is about $40 before gratuity. I'd rather go to an all you can eat sushi restaurant for half that price and pig out! But this place is open super late (4AM) which is a plus for us industry folks who crave sushi right after partying at the club. HEYYY!!!!
3	If you're a tourist looking for sushi this is only 1 of 2 places farily close to the strip. It's open til 4am Sun-Thurs & til 6am on Fri & Sat. They have quite the selection of rolls. However the rolls are a bit smaller than other sushi places I've been to. The food is good though & comes out rather quickly regardless of what the wait staff tells you. The wait staff is a bit slow at times even when it's not peak hours. Try a saketini if you get a chance they taste a bit like sangria. If you're like me & order a Sapporo you expect it to come w/ a beer glass chilled not a Modelo Especial glass. Deduction of points on that fro me. The atmosphere is well lit. You can sit at a booth area or at a table. The tables are picnic style so you could be rubbing elbows w/ neighbors during busier hours. If you're a local this place a bit pricier than other sushi restuarants for less of the food. Again great food, just need to eat more to be full. Normally 2 rolls & an app w/ a beer will fill me up. It took 3 rolls & an app w/ a beer to fill me up here. Tried 9 rolls last night out of our group:Shrimp Killer - GoodSpicy Rainbow Roll - VERY GOODTeriyaki Roll - Not so goodSilver State Roll - SO GOODDragon Roll - okAvacado Roll - okTiger Roll - GoodFirecracker - SO GOOD
3	Kaizen sits across from the Hard rock hotel nestled in the corner of the CVS plaza. Between Capriotti's and Ferraro's Italian. Here is the breakdown according to me. It's in my area.. it's slightly over-priced sushi.. and the service is sometimes good, sometimes they forget things.. lol.. what do you want from a place that is often pumping until 5 am. We head over there for a late night sushi fix, and most importantly.. the 2 for 1 .. ANYTHING from the bar.. after midnight. Usually that equals cheap sake and beer.. but it does the trick for cheap. Also I always see Carrot top there.. which is good or bad? You tell me.. it just is :] You can find me there on any given evening with a crew or just me and one of my foodie buddies.. mostly for me it's about the liquor and the broiled yellow tail fish collar. Yes... you read that right. if you don't know, now you know.. check it out. It's not that you can't get fish collar at other Asian style eateries, but this one is close by so I'm there most :)Happy Eating!
4	A great solid place for sushi, and even better for lunch. The bento boxes are probably the best deal on the menu in terms of quality, quantity and price. The thing that threw me off was the tempura shrimp bento was solid minus the tempura part. Instead of traditional tempura batter, they used the same batter as that of the chicken katsu which was a big let down for me as it was not as I had expected. My girlfriend had the pork katsu which bowl which was excellent as I picked off her plate as well as mine. If your in the area, give this place a try. I do hope though the tempura shrimp thing was a fluke and it was because they ran out of the proper batter. Otherwise, it would be a big strike against them as far as I am concerned.
4	There are times when the thought of leaving the house outweighs the feeling of- if I don't eat sushi right now, I will, in fact, die. I really don't like to get sushi delievered because, it just is never that good, but desperate times call for desperate measures. Plus, I just wasn't ready to die. I used the roadrunner food delievery app and it let me customize my order exactly how I like it (I'm one of those annoying cant order directly off the menu people) . Food was delievered to me exactly how I wanted it and I got to eat with my favorite dining companion, my cat- Ape. I also did not have to wear pants like a civilized person. I took my first nom, and it was delicious!! Cold, fresh and yummy. I also love their "beef tarta" . This place is great. If you can crawl outside with pants on, they are open late and super friendly inside.
4	One of my favorite sushi has been made here:The  calamari roll.This was my go-to place whenever I had a lunch break. They have good lunch specials. I would always get a katsu bowl ($8.95, I believe for the price).  It is pretty good and my favorite bowl that they have.  I have tried the beef bento-box that they offer but it was not very good.The service is great, the host is very personable and knows my by name since I used to go there on a daily basis.  Great atmosphere and the sushi chefs are great people you can have a conversation with!
3	In a city of overpriced oversized greasy meals I am always happy to find some sushi.Great ahi poke, farmed salmon :( Decent variety of rolls. Kinda pricey but I should expect as much since its Vegas and I'm from Vancouver!
4	Excellent sushi!!This place is located across from the Hard Rock in the CVS Plaza. It is a cool place with a nice atmosphere as far as sushi places go.It is not an AYCE place and it will cost you quite a bit of cash if you eat like you are at an AYCE place, but the sushi is excellent and the staff is very friendly. I use to get sushi to-go from here all the time when I worked in the area.Highly recommend!
5	We come to Vegas yearly and absolutely love Kaizen. The portions are huge and prices are very fair. I usually order a chicken teriyaki roll and shrimp tempura roll. With the rolls come food on the side as well. My boyfriend goes all out on other rolls and we've loved everything!
5	Had Korean BBQ bento box at lunch it was awesome. The miso soup was tasty, salad crisp dressing was killer and the BBq was as tender as filet mignon, cut it with a fork (yes I used a Fork). Portions were large as well. Service was excellent and very friendly. Korean BBQ is one of my favorites, I've eaten it all over the world including Korea and I've never had better.
5	This was my 2nd visit to Kaizen, the first being a few months ago while visiting Vegas. Both times, we were able to get seated right away, the service was really good and the food even better! This time we sat at the bar and the sushi chef was very friendly and helpful picking some popular items. I'm pretty sure after each bite I said "ridiculous" to my boyfriend. Ridiculous = ridiculously delicious. It wasn't inexpensive, but the rolls are really big and everything tasted fresh and unique. The flavors and sauces were so good that I didn't use soy sauce or wasabi for any of it. Can't wait to go back!
2	The sushi was pretty good, a bit expensive though. The atmosphere is alright if you don't mind tourists in the midst of their Vegas vacation.. I found the staff to be very rude, I was asked if I was ready to order at least 10 times in the first 15 minutes I was there.. .It made me feel very uncomfortable and unwanted, I ended up ordering something random just to get them off my case... Then I waited 25 minutes for my bill, after they didn't bring the bill.. I dropped my money on the table and walked out.I found the staff to be pretentious and rude...and the sushi was somewhere below par..
5	Who doesn't love Kaizen!?!?!?  It's convenient, consistent, and the food is fresh!  Service is always top notch and although they don't offer AYCE, I still walk out very full for about $25.  The staff is really polite and always on top of their game, even when it's super busy and they are clearly understaffed.  The waiters and waitresses they have know the entire menu and restaurant very well + their regulars.  The best thing about this restaurant is the layout and seating options.  When I dine with friends where we will be talking a ton and want a more private area, the tables on the left offer a nice view of the restaurant without all of the noise and busyness.  When I come alone I either prefer the bar top or the long tables on the main floor area, depending on the mood I am in.  I love the music here and although it can seem a little bit loud sometimes when the restaurant is full and Lady Gaga is playing over the sound system to add to the noise, it somehow seems fitting to the energy of the servers here.  I really do wish Kaizen would start doing an AYCE menu at least during certain hours.  Their sushi is really fresh and if they offered AYCE, I would likely get more nigiri than rolls as their nigiri and hand rolls seem quite pricey for being so small.
4	Best late night Sushi in Las Vegas.  Great service every time.  I recommend the rattle snake roll.
5	I love, love, love this sushi! I can't always dine in so it is good to know you can call in an order and pick it up, easy peesy! The food is fresh, the service is fantastic, and it is a great place to take people visiting Vegas!
3	Nigiri Sushi, Rolls and Sashimi was OK.  I just disappointed in Shrimp Tempura.  That was not tempura, but fried Shrimp.  Shrimp was fried with banko, I had to ask Tonkatsu sauce.Rools and plates were beautiful, but I think most of dishes are bit over priced for that quality of fish.
5	Freshest fish. Perfectly steamed edamame (not mushy). Great service. Oh, and ORANGE BLOSSOM ROLL.That is all you need to know.
5	I am blown away at how awesome they deliver with good food. The avocado train is amazing with the softshell crab the rainbow roll sexy roll, if you love sushi this is heaven on a plate!!
5	Only review I will ever write. Sober. This is the best bang for your buck on Vegas if you want sushi. Amazing.
4	The Mister and I are staying at Hyatt Place and wanted sushi and spotted Kaizen from our hotel window. We get here and there is a sign that reads 'Voted best sushi in Las Vegas." We are excited but when we walked in, it was empty at 1 PM on a Saturday and was reluctant to try.I was pouting because I wanted AYCE sushi but the mister noted quality is more important than quantity and he was right!! I ordered the Kaizen roll...it was such a marriage in my mouth!!! Try it! Also their green tea ice fream doesnt taste powdery but creamy! Their portions are generous as well. The mister ordered sashimi 10 piece and he vouched the fish was fresh.The place looks like it is more for the dinner crowd judging by the many speakers and projectors.They got my vote for best non AYCE sushi in Vegas so far!
5	Great restaurant just 5 minutes off the strip. The sushi was excellent and moderately priced. The total was probably half what it would have been at a more well known sushi bar in Vegas. Service was also excellent, the waitress was right over when our glasses were low to refill them. Highly recommend and will return next time I'm in town.
5	Holy mackerel... I was not expecting this dining experience. Just arrived from LA to visit my grandparents for the holiday, got out of the care home way later than expected, hotel check-in was a mess, all the boyfriend and I felt like was sushi. It was 10:30 and everything was about to close at 11. We gave up on the "epic Vegas dining experience" and just picked the highest rated sushi joint on yelp that was open. Some place in a strip mall. (Eyebrow raised)Just upon walking in, we were shocked to see and feel such a nice and trendy vibe. Clean, classy, good music, nice bar, neat tables. We sat at the bar and opened the fabulously photographed menus. Sushi spots with photos is a major plus for me and they had EVERYTHING photographed. We picked a bunch of stuff and were blown away with not only the taste/freshness/quality of fish, but the presentation, price/portions, service... Just everything. The bill ended up being $122 and trust me... we were really going for it. Anywhere else back in LA would have racked up to $200+. We stayed and hung out well after we were stuffed to the brim. The ambiance is nice and I felt like I was getting a special type of Vegas experience without all the hustle and bustle. I will absolutely be showing this place off to friends who join me on future trips. What a treat!Oh yeah... And it's open until 6am. AND they have a happy hour that starts at midnight. GENIUS!!!I posted photos of what we ate - albacore topped with fried onions, filet mignon salad, white rose roll, sea bass & unagi. We also had saki bombs, the largest portion of edemami ever, uni and crispy tuna tostada things. YUM YUMMMMM YUM
3	In essence...No AYCE. Overpriced because it is so close to the Strip. $60+ with tip for 2 people.My husband and I managed to land here for sushi on a Friday night. We did this because the line for Yama Sushi (which is my fave sushi spot in town) had a line waaaay out the door and to be honest I just did not want to wait that long. So. Enter Kaizen, which had good Yelp reviews, but alas, was somewhat of a disappointment. First with the good, the place LOOKS fabulous. Dark exterior, plays with lovely lighting and the tables are large with good spacing. Dinnerware and presentation is superb, but it better be since this place is so close to the Strip. Customer service is so-so. Although the entire staff yells as people enters/leaves, our service with food to our table was only okay. I ordered a hot green tea and it was brought out in a large cup, which I dislike because I enjoy my tea HOT. As it sits uncovered it cools down quickly and not once did a server ask to refill it. I prefer smaller cups and pots of tea for this reason.Ordered:- Edamame - California Roll- Tuna Roll - Shrimp Roll- Spicy Rainbow Roll- Spicy Tuna Hand RollPluses - size of rolls at least (kind of) make you not feel so bad about how much you are paying and that you cannot get AYCE here. PLUS, again, presentation is great and sushi is very good quality. The only qualm I had was with the Tuna Roll being a bit on the warmer side when it arrived at our table than I would have liked.My husband is a super picky sushi eater (hence the very plain rolls we had). The place does have some interesting rolls, the spicy rainbow roll was decent, and large, I'm glad I ordered it as it did fill me up.BEST - Edamame, just stinking amazing for some reason. Served steaming, with a good amount of salt, and a LARGE portion.Not the best... again, price wise you can find just as good sushi elsewhere and Vegas, except you don't have to pay for the atmosphere and Jay-Z music videos in the background.... HOLY GRAIL!!!
5	Incredible Delicious!!! Open late night just across the Hard Rock Cafe without the eye-gouging prices from the strip.  Was actually suggested by the valet at the Cosmopolitan ( In Vegas always pay attention to the suggestions of the Valet and the Taxicab Handlers on the hotels) Have eaten before at Sushi Roku and Shibuya and this place is as good, maybe even better than those! Try the Unicorn Roll it was amazing and a steal at ($14)Me and my wife loved it and we will be back.
4	Very good sushi--4 starsService----2.5-3 starsCustomer service is questionable.   We waited about 50 min for a table although we were told 15 min.  Don't order wine here.  Stick with beer or sake or soda.  She paid $13 for a GLASS of wine which sells at Costco for $8 A BOTTLE.  The person who settled our check didnt split the bill among the card but charged one person the balance.  It was really a mess and there were only 5 people in our party.  I would return but will keep these things in mind.
4	fun and festive sushi spot off the strip. for those staying at the hard rock, this is a must. be careful crossing the street! it is a nice alternative sushi rolls are fresh and are made with some flair as well. the portions are fairly large (8 pieces) and make up for the slightly expensive menu.watching the chefs prepare the sushi is fun too. the staff is very welcoming.great for groups, or a casual hungover Sunday brunch.
5	This was a great local find when I was staying at the Hard Rock Hotel and didn't have a car. It's right across the street in an unassuming strip mall. (Plenty of free parking if you're driving, btw!) I was impressed with the hip, modern and clean design. Definitely wasn't expecting this place to be that stylish. The hostess was friendly and seated me right away. She also was my server and was very on top of things. The prices are about average, but not as ridiculous as the casino sushi places. The best deal I found was the chicken katsu bowl, which was around $10. It was the most delicious katsu I had in a long time. It was moist and the serving size was perfect. I hate when katsu is dried out and tough, but this definitely wasn't the case here. I had a good miso soup and a roll too. I can't remember the name of the roll, but it delicious. The fish was fresh and the sauce complimented it perfectly. My server came by several times to check on me and refill my beverages. All in all, I had a great experience and I will definitely be back. Saw lots of good dishes going by that I would like to try next time! But, trust me, try the chicken katsu!
5	Let me tell you the BBQ roll is spectacular. I felt like a little baby Buddha was dancing on my tongue. This place is awesome and they even surprised us when they told us that starting at 12am  they had buy one sake get one free. Sake Bombs here we go
5	My favorite late night sushi restaurant. As long as you're having a good time and of course ordering food and drinks they will stay open. Usually close about 4 am, it's also a great meeting spot before hitting the strip. The vegas roll is my favorite!
5	Found this restaurant when we were staying at the Hard Rock Hotel (another story) and needed a place to have dinner. It was within walking distance & after checking it out on Yelp and seeing some good reviews, we gave it a try. Very good sushi & the manager and wait staff were very nice & attentive. We both had sushi & edamame and I also had miso soup.  We were both full when we left & the bill was about $40, including my ice tea and my husband's beer. We would eat here again if we were in the area, but since we would never stay at Hard Rock Hotel again, that most likely won't happen. If you like sushi and are stuck at HRH, this place should be on your list.
4	Very nice sushi experience with reasonable prices for Vegas. Cute atmosphere for a casual date. Off the beaten trail but well worth it.
5	BEST SUSHI PLACE IN THE CITY. I've been here multiple times and the rolls meet all expectations. Freshness, Flavor, Presentation, Large Rolls, High End quality. Nice little setup too! The service is a little bit average but who cares! Drink and have some rolls :)
3	Average sushi at best.  We ordered yellowtail appetizer, Kai roll, Salmon killer, and Kiss of Fire rolls.  Good but not remarkable.Service was basic.  Recommendations were not anything more than pointing to a menu.Even the recommended Chocolate truffle dessert was average.
5	First, I'm not sure what all the AYCE comments are about. This is not a sushi buffet. Second, sushi isn't cheap. Sixty bucks for two is appropriate. I can easily spend double that for just me. This is good sushi at a good price. It is fresh. The rolls are good sized. I have never had anything bad here. If there is a bad side, it is all rolls. If they do the traditional nigiri sushi they hide it very well. They are open late so you have a great place to go after working late into the night.
4	Fun little place with good decor. Sushi is good. BIG variety to choose from. Orange Blossom is my pick. Reasonably priced. Strong on service.
3	-got takeout from here late at night-they specialize in specialty rolls (you know the ones with all sorts of fish and different sauces covering them)-would come here again if I was staying at hard rock-parking lot is kind of busy
3	Good, not great, food with absolutely horrendous service. Greatly improved service could bump it to four stars, and having just one more server might do it.Enjoyed the food, but the terribly inattentive service was inexcusable.
2	Yelp, you're fired. Four stars?! All I wanted was non-AYCE sushi, rated decently,  and near the strip. Jesus H. Christ! It's a fail when you come into a restaurant starving and you leave with everyone in your party invoking the Lord's name with his middle initial.*Things started out okay with them seating us promptly. We drooled over the menu and ordered enough to feed every child in Botswana. It went downhill from there. The first piece of sushi, two pieces of uni, took almost an hour to get to our table. WE WERE WASTING VALUABLE GAMBLING TIME! Everyone at the craps table is depending on me to get back in the game.The sushi man was a little stingy. It wasn't like I was ordering a 49 cent taco from Del Taco in South LA and then complaining to the cashier, and then to the manager that there wasn't enough meat in my sub-dollar taco, all the while getting approving "um-huh"s from my significant other standing behind me. You know? They could've been slightly more generous. What's funny is I think they were Thai. Thai reminds me of Thailand. Thailand reminds me of my vacation to Phuket. In Phuket, we journeyed to a steakhouse that was highly, I mean HIGHLY, rated by Tripadvisor. So I thinks, maybe we's getting a good deal on expensive steak. My partner orders a ribeye, bone-in, because that's how us gangsters roll. The waitress retorts, "Just to let you know, it's a little chewy." My partner responds, "What do you mean?" Waitress says, "Are you Malay?" My partner, looking confused, says, "No." Waitress replies, "Have you had a steak before?" HAHAHA. Okay, screw you guys. It was funny at the time.ANYWAYZ. You're better off going to some of the better AYCE in Vegas and not stuffing your face. You'll pay the same amount, or less, and get better quality sushi.*In almost a decade spent in church, they never taught me what what Jesus's middle initial stood for, although the whispers say it may be Herbert, but it wasn't from me.
2	Don't come to this plaza unless you're strapped with weapons....or at least pepper spray. Even a stun gun would be nice.Kaizen was okay but damn...this plaza was one hot mess!!!We haven't parked for 2 seconds yet and bums are already asking for money.But this sushi place is nothing to write home about. Service was spotty....even though we came on a late Sunday night. After they brought us our drinks and water, we were ready to order some sushi rolls. We had to flag the waitress down, TWICE. It wasn't even busy!!! There were about 5-8 other tables. They didn't bother checking back on us....what if we wanted to order more sushi?!?! I totally would have by the way. We ordered a spicy tuna roll and also a Sunrise Roll. Sushi was delicious and their menu was never ending. I would've loved to try a few more...but DAMN...it was pricey!!!! Our sunrise roll was $13!!! Most of the sushi rolls ran from $10-14 per order. Umm, yeah...no. You're better off going into the heart of Chinatown or even further...(wayyyy further) off the strip for better priced sushi.Also..side note: if you get cold like myself, BRING A JACKET WITH YOU!!!! They like to keep their fish and customers fresh and cold. Thought I was in their freezer box for a second.Won't be coming back again. And this side of town is enough to scare the sushi out of me.
4	My favorite sushi bar in Las Vegas! Open all night (I think until 5 or 6 AM!  Very friendly, cool atmoshphe3re, great music and of course FANTASTIC fresh sushi! I have been here several times and it never disappoints. In a good area across from Hard Rock. Reasonable prices, great drinks... the only thing I would suggest is that they put seat cushions on the middle tables... they are cool but seats are hard!
4	High quality fish, fusion cuisine. Their sushi is incredible!!! Good selection of wines.Very good service , cozy atmosphere. Expansive, but reasonable if you take into account organic ingredients. Furniture must be updated / changed as soon as possible. We go there for good food and willing to pay the price , stays open for industry till 4... give it a shot.
3	A funning thing about the name of this restaurant "Kaizen", according to my Japanese colleague, means continuous improvement of something and is the motto for Toyota motors.  They said nobody in Japan would name the restaurant "kaizen". I guess it's because it implies that the dishes are not at their best if you are constantly trying to improve. Anyhow, this place is somewhat of a novelty for the Japanese because they usually do not see nor tasted American-style sushi rolls. We ordered the tuna poke, 16pcs sushi combo, 20pcs sashimi, calamari tempura roll and a spicy rainbow roll.Nothing is really out of the ordinary. The poke tasted a bit odd but the sashimi and spicy rainbow roll were decent. A bit on the pricey side.There's an overhead projection of random music and videos playing. A large bar on the side. The location was easy to find with plenty of parking.
2	I've eaten quite a lot of sushi all around the country, but this was NOT good sushi.  It wasn't awful.  But it was about as good as the sushi you might get pre-made from a grocery store.  "Mediocre" is the best I could possibly rate it.   The decor in the restaurant was beautiful; a lot nicer than I would have expected for a strip mall restaurant.  And the service was fine.  But the menus were that cheap laminated stuff you find in low-end Chinese restaurants, with poorly lit photos of the rolls.  And the descriptions were all so formulaic:  Inside - tuna avocado, on top - shrimp, sauce - ponzu.   They all read like that so that none of them stood out to you.  They all sounded pretty much the same.But most importantly, of the 4 rolls we ordered, none were outstanding.  They were all just blah with a slightly fishy taste to the sushi.I would NOT go here again and I would certainly not recommend it to anyone. We should have spent the extra $$ and gone across the street to Nobu (in the Hard Rock) for some seriously amazing sushi.
5	This is a great sushi restaurant. Beautiful interior and very very clean.The service is great, they constantly check on you and are very friendly. Now the food.... Amazing sushi! Nothing I've tried is bad, miso soup 5/5, salads 5/5 (including a really tasty ginger dressing!) All the rolls are to die for! Try this place while in Vegas!!!
5	Kaizen is a great sushi spot in Vegas that fits right into the lifestyle here as it is open until 4am on weekdays and 6am on weekends.  When I used to work on the strip Friday/Saturday and get off work at 4am we would always hit up this place routinely for some good food and a drink after work to wind down. They have a nice sushi bar inside and plenty of tables for small or large groups. The lighting is dimmed a bit and there is always music playing giving off a fun vibe. I've become friends with quite a few of the staff that work here.  Good people, good service. The food is really good and the rolls are good sized. They have some great rolls like Silver State, Orange Blossom, Crispy Rice with Spicy Tuna, Avacado Train, Super White Tuna is really good too. Everyone I have ever taken to Kaizen from out of state while visiting us has really enjoyed it. There are a few Kaizen restaurants in Vegas but this one is by far my favorite. It is located right beside the Hard Rock Hotel 7 Casino.  When or if I start working on the strip at nightclubs again I will definitely be returning to Kaizen on the regular.
5	This place is great. It was located right across from my hotel (Hard Rock). Everything I ordered was absolutely amazing. The rolls are a good size. The service is great. I loved the BBQ roll.
1	I highly suggest do not eat at this place about a year ago I go into it with my napkin is a cockroach under the napkin.So being the optimist that I am over year later I decide to go back and give  kaizen another chance  yesterday ordered a couple rolls only to find out to wake up four hours later with food poisoning. I  expressed this  to several friends and come to find out several people have experienced the same situation at This restaurant I highly suggest not to eat at this establishment anymore due to improper handling the food & storage!!
5	Great fast service, awesome selection of speciality rolls. I'm a sushi fanatic and I have no complaints. My favorite was the sunshine roll and the rock and roll roll. Give them a try you won't be disappointed!
4	Hands-down, The Best Udon I've ever had. Period. Living in Pasadena, I'm constantly searching high and low for good quality udon. I don't know why it's so difficult to master. It seems like good ramen is easier to find in LA than good udon.I had my fingers crossed when I ordered the udon at Kaizen but wasn't expecting too much. But my first taste had me closing my eyes in ecstasy.  I was in heaven.  I was incredibly starving at the time, so that might have swayed my opinion a little, but the broth was delicate and complex and oh-so-delicious. The noodles were the perfect texture.The only downside is that the service wasn't good.  After waiting forever I had to flag someone down to take our order. Then they forgot our order of edamame. Food took a while to come out too.But it's all worth it for the Udon!!! YUM!
5	Great sushi spot! The white rose and Unicon rolls were awesome. The kaizen roll was good too. Everything was really fresh. Good service. Prices were pretty good too. Will definitely go back.
1	Every time I eat sushi in this city I'm mad at myself. It's always bad. Always. This time it was the worst. The yellowtail sushi was boring and the rice was stale. The salmon hand roll; uninspiring. The spider roll came out cold. Not warm, not cool.  COLD. It had been in the fridge. The fried crab was soft and soggy, not warm and crunchy. It was horrible. As in the worst sushi roll ever. I don't even know how the sushi 'chef' looks himself in the mirror. He should be ashamed. The server took my order but demanded I also write it down on their silly paper myself to keep track of what I ordered. That, and I never did get that glass of water I asked 2 different people for.
4	This place is right across from Hard Rock in a shopping center.  Super good rolls although normal to slightly higher priced but very good.  Service was pretty good, I would definitely come back again.  The desert menu is awesome I have never seen so many options at a sushi restaurant which was really cool.  I had the chocolate truffle and it was really bomb.
4	A little pricier than my guy and I like, but we splurge here every once in a while. Or we'll get our taste in sushi and then fill up on capriottis next door. Definitely recommend the banana tempura roll. Its the reason we go here. Its way super weird but way super delicious, trust me. Always had good service here. They're polite about the fact that we order 6 miso soups.
5	Great little gem open late! I preferred the sushi here than at the upscale expensive Nobu. Fish tastes Fresh and they have an amazing variety.
3	I had really high hopes for this place but it wasn't anything that left a lasting impression. I was excited to see there was tuna poke on the menu, but flavor-wise it had me thinking "meh" and that there are heaps of better sushi bars i can think of with more reasonable prices. I was also bummed there was no happy hour. Overall, its a decent sushi bar but no take says here that stand out for me.
4	Excellent sushi. Great for a little stop for a craving or an entire meal.
1	I don't see why people like this place so much! They have horrible service! It's seriously the service that gets them the 1 star. First of all no one was even in the front to greet you.We ordered two hot teas and NEVER got them, but was still charged for it.The sushi rolls were good. The food is good don't get me wrong. But the waitresses that work here don't even want to be there. Some other waitress that wasn't even helping us in the first place got us water. And apologized for her coworkers mistake. Wait why are you apologizing...? The Asian waitress should be apologizing. Anyways I definitely will not be coming back. Management needs to check up on this because several people are complaining about the service. On top of all that another customer walks I'm after us and gets his drinks and food before us? Thanks for the slap in the face.This place has a Japanese name, but definitely Korean owned.I suggest to order togo to avoid this situation.
2	The service was horrible. The girlfriend and I decided to try this place since we were craving sushi and it was walking distance from our hotel. The food was mediocre. We will probably not try this place again.
1	This place suck, everything I order taste fishy!!!!, they are over price! Server was impatient to answer question about their menu! These people did not care about me!We Will not return!! Ever!
4	Oh yeah my favorite sushi spot away, yet not far from the strip. They have great service, delicious sushi rolls, and nice decor. The sushi is inexpensive to average. It's located right across the street from the hard rock, so it won't take you more than 15 mins to get here if you're staying on the strip. If you are craving good sushi and don't feel like waiting hours in order to get it, just drive or take a can here. It will be worth it!
5	Best sushi place in Vegas .. And one of my personal favorites .. Everything tastes on point with good quality Service and friendly staff !! The satisfy my sushi cravings!!
5	Great sushi and service! I love sushi and this is about the best I've ever had. I had 2 rolls and they were so good I got a third. My girlfriend had a nabeyaki udon and it was delicious. Friendly staff and fast service, better prices than the strip restaurants
5	This is our to go spot while we are in Vegas. It is a very hip place and it is right across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel. The food is excellent and the service is good as well. Will we return? Yes, it is our Vegas sushi place.
5	My wife raved about this place so when I just recently visited, we stopped by.  Not sure why there are any complaints about the service as I thought it was fantastic.  I'm guessing they have been working on their service and improving upon it.  We walked in and  were immediately greeted by a cheerful hostess/waitress (one that actually smiles).  Rolls were awesome, their eel sauce was amazing.  They had an appetizer I had never tried before, they were peppers that were sauteed- very delish!!  I'd definitely come back foh sho!!!!
5	Take your time and enjoy the experience... Great sake choices too ;D  It's been a while since I had really great quality sushi; thanks to Mel!  All their rolls are done exquisitely and with great detail.  The menu does provide you ample choices so you should listen to your gut and instincts to choose what you should have.  All in all, the service is extremely attentive and prompt.  If you're not getting your food quick enough, it's most likely due to your indecisiveness in selecting what you want from the menu.  I thoroughly enjoyed myself and would make the effort to wander off the strip to eat here again.  If you're staying at the Hard Rock Casino, it's right across the street in the same complex with CVS.  Enjoy, eat sushi, and please drink some of their wonderful sake too.
5	My favorite sushi place that I intend to go here for my Birthday to have a drink and enjoy the wonderful rolls here. My waitress here last time was ultra attentive and nice. The prices are fair and food is just amazing like I mean really good. It had me dazing in class one time because I wanted to go here to fix my sushi craving.
5	Excellent food & good service. The men are Japanese (not Korean) & make delicious rolls without packing it with rice. The flavor is balanced and the rice amount is just right. All the raw fish taste well cleaned and fresh.
4	While in town for a work convention my partner and I stopped by for dinner. We were on a budget due to being on work time. Fortunately we both had a decent amount of food for about $50. The sushi itself was a bit pricey; $8 for an order of salmon sushi. However, their cut rolls were the right price for the money. I had two full sized cut rolls for about 25. Not only was the price right, the chow was DAMN tasty. One roll had a house sauce made of a spicy mayo mix. YUM!!!The one down fall was the sake. I didn't notice a house sake and the cheapest bottle was $10. Now please keep in mind I'm only criticizing this because I'm on the work budget. $10 for a bottle of good sake is very reasonable. I definitely recommend this place for the location; right off the strip; the price, the menu and the quality of the chow. DO IT!!!!
4	I had friends in town and wanted to find a local sushi place. Walking inside to a very clean decor relived the stress of a sub par sushi restaurant hole in the wall.  At first glance I was impressed! The service was good with very attentive servers. The sushi selection is above average and the sake was good! I would definitely revisit for a casual dinner.
2	Came here for dinner for the first time. No wait. ordered our food. our hot sake and beer, appetizer, and one of our entrees came out. Forty minutes later, still no food. We ask our server to check up on it. He never came back. We asked another server and he took care of us. Eventually we got all our food and he gave us 3 more hot sakes on the house, which made it a little better. I was super hungry to begin with, so I was not in a good mood at all and I couldn't enjoy the sushi I ordered because I ate everything so fast. This review is based mainly on poor customer service. Food was average.
3	It's kind of hit or miss with this place. Decent but I've had much better. Servers are sometimes nice but seems like a lot going on behind the scenes. Chefs are fun but sometimes seem over worked and grumpy. There are actually very few sushi bars I know of that are actually owned by Japanese owners, but when they are, you can be sure that they take the art of sushi making very seriously. This place, not so much.I tried it again. Fish was fresh and tasty. If only the busboy spoke english, he might've heard me say i didn't want anymore tea. Instead, he reaches over my plate to grab my cup and then proceeds to spill it on my jacket sitting on the seat next to me. Not to mention he ran my food to the wrong person. Wish the bussers would learn how to communicate properly...and, why isn't my server bringing my food anyways???
5	Great sushi restaurant, just behind the Hard Rock Hotel on Paradise.  I live here in Vegas, and like most other locals, I hardly ever eat on the strip.  I will usually only go to the strip to eat at Joes Stone Crab in the Forum Shops.  It's great to find nice restaurants like Kaizen to eat at when you're in the area.The prices are not half as bad as Sushi places on the strip and the quality is excellent!  My servers name was Sumi, probably misspelled.  It was the best service I've ever had in any kind of Japanese restaurant, I will definitely be going back again.
4	Friends and I decided to come here for some sushi since it was close to our place where we were staying at.  Kaizen Fusion Roll and Sushi is located in a little shopping center.  Inside they have nice decor with TV's, plenty of tables, a projector screen, and the sushi bar being visible wherever you sit at.  The lighting is dim but it had a nice feeling to it.  I ordered the KAI and Rainbow roll.  Both tasted fresh and it was tasty.  I thought the prices of the food was decent.  The service was great because you didn't need to ask for a refill and the lady was polite and respectful.  If you have a craving for sushi try this place out.
1	Horrible service. . I am accustomed to being told of sushi bar specials and chef's recommendations.if  you want cheap bad service ..this is then your spot. . DON'T WASTE YOUR  TIME...
4	This place doesn't disappoint! Fantastic sushi and price is decent. The only reason I didn't give it 5 is the service is always abit slow and my appetizer usually comes out half way through my roll. Kinda defeats the purpose of an appetizer.
5	Great off strip restaurant... Decent prices with good saki selection... Sushi was good
3	When it comes to food service and price point I would give Kaizen Fusion Roll five stars as far as customer services goes however they'll come in rolling at a 1 lowly star. So this review will average itself out at 3 stars. Here's the situation. My friend and I went driving around looking for a place to eat at around 4a and yelped the nearest location. Boom Kaizen popped up near UNLV. The food, for the price is awesome, I got a baked salmon roll. Delicious. Unlike all the other all you can eat places here and original. He got some type of calamari roll and something else. Adding an $11 lychee flavored sake and a green tea tempura ice cream (but they don't serve vanilla flavor which didn't really make any sense to me but who am I...) who couldn't be more pleased?Well... let's start from the beginning. The serve here was beyond poor. Upon entrance the two girls that we were working had just the most unengaging attitudes and missed so many marks. I had to ask 3 times for the same 7UP, the miscommunication was so obviously there that the poor service just had to be mentioned.I mean and I'm not to be a stickler about table courtesies, but all the servers that took our dishes away or served us just stuck their whole bodies right between both my friend and I - based on my memory as a server, aren't you supposed to come around the side or wouldn't that just make more sense? Anyway - it was an odd experience. Given I understand it's 5:30 in the morning at that point everyone wants to go home and they're shoving people out, but the place is still an establishment and the restaurant clearly strategically placed itself across certain hotel&casinos for a reason, but the place was dead on a Saturday night for obvious reasons...I mean it's obviously not the food, the food is great and decently priced.Worth it if it's LAST LAST minute late night dinner and you're near the UNLV campus.
5	This is by far the number one sushi joint I have ever been to in my life I've probably been to over 100 sushi bars. There's no comparison!! Unfortunately there is no all you can eat but everything else makes up for it the service is amazing and the food is amazing. I'd recommend the energy roll and sit at the bar for the experience. You also have to get sake bombs..
4	This is the spot you hit for solid good sushi. I don't think it is too inventive however the quality is high the prices are more than reasonable and they are open late so late night place for sushi this would be it.
1	The sushi here was horrible! We ordered two rolls, the dragon roll and California roll.... Both were so small! It's not worth your money.
4	As a local, I usually stick to what I know, especially when it comes to sushi..my boyfriend and I found this place during our "staycation"..we have come back again and again. The prices are great, hip vibe, excellent sushi menu. We have never ordered the same thing and are very pleased with our yummy choices!! This is our new "go to" place when I don't want to cook :)
4	Ok let start off that this place is probably where they invented sushi and the Japanese stole the idea from this establishment can't tell you how many times I go to this place everytime I go to Vegas but the amount of different sushi rolls they have are very uniqueHappy Hour on drinks start at midnight Monday through Thursday and it's the best place to go and get budget stuff I do my sake bombs and then head out to the club afterHere are the things I tried so farBbq roll - out of this world
3	Went in for lunch on a weekday. Had the spicy salmon and Sunrise rolls. Rice was pretty stale--being that it was lunchtime, I'm assuming this was last night's rice :-/The taste and the freshness of both were good. I was the only one in here so service was not surprisingly good and fast.Would've given 4 stars if they had fresh rice.
4	While I was in Vegas for my friends birthday, we decided to get some sushi. This place came up when I searched, "all you can eat sushi." Sadly, it wasn't. But we stayed and gave it a shot. The service was awesome. Our waitress was friendly and patient with all 7 of us. We ordered a variety of rolls, and every single one of them was delicious. They also had some late happy hour, which is after 12am, and it's buy one get one free.Very clean place as well. Give it shot!
5	Grabbed some rolls on the way home. Great food & service. Can't wait till next visit. Yummy
5	This a a great little place off of the strip. Everyone on my group was craving sushi so we decided to hit this place because it was close, in a little shopping center across from the Hard Rock.  It's small but don't let that fool you.  We were quickly seated and orders were taken right away.  Talk about great sushi. Everything we had was great. I had a dragon roll and crunch roll. There prices are pretty good for the quality and size of your rolls.  Pineapple sakitini is a great cocktail to order.  I almost forgot that they stay open until at least 4am everyday, a must for vegas if you are into hanging out late. So if you have a late night craving stop it.  If you haven't had enough to drink they have buy one get one free.
5	I had RoadRunner delivery from there. I always really enjoy their rolls. Especially the Japanese lasagna. It's the best I've had!
5	Off the strip and reasonably priced. Friendly wait staff. The saketinis and avocado train are must-haves!! Absolutely delicious.
2	This place.. I mean what do I say really? Sushi was OK nothing really stand out to me. Typical AYCE, but I feel like there wasn't a lot of selections as other places. I probably only enjoyed the super white tuna. The fusion rolls were so-so. Service was a definitely a 2 out of 5! Kinda rude, felt like server was getting irritated with us since we were ordering so much at a time? Assuming we weren't going to finish it all, I mean c'mon it's All You Can Eat.She forgot a couple of things that we ordered and it wasn't even that busy.  I will not return.
2	The fish doesn't taste fresh and it's a little over priced for the quality. The service is friendly
5	Probably the best sushi I've had and I've tried several spots in LA. sushi is fresh (pleasantly surprised by the real crab in the Rainbow Roll), service is fast, and it's a nice relaxing spot to go before you start your night! May even be back here later since they're open til 6 am. Very close to the Hard Rock!Looks like our new go-to spot for sushi when we come here.
1	This restaurant made my fiance and I physically ill. It is by far the worst sushi joint I have ever been to. Not only did they completely screw up my takeout order, but they served us bad fish. I called to speak with management and was told I would be called back the next day. I called back the next day after my call wasn't returned, and again, no manager. Same thing for day 3 and 4. Only after threatening to contact the health department was I coincidentally given to the manager. Who offered no apology, and instead offered a $20 credit for next time. Why on earth would I return to a restaurant that made me sick?? Anyway, I was eventually offered a $11.99 cash refund. Which is a complete joke, not to mention insult. I will be contacting the health department this morning, as this is not acceptable. This place should be shut down for criminal negligence.
1	Don't bother going here. The workers were rude and unprofessional, the miso soup was old, and the sushi was too fishy and just off. There's too many better places to eat then here.
5	This place was AMAZING :) The sushi chefs were personable, friendly and had some awesome sushi recommendations :) The restaurant was clean, had a great atmosphere, good bar selection and fabulous service.Must try the avocado train and orange blossom roll
5	This is my favorite sushi place of all time. I want to move to Vegas just for the sushi here!! Service is great and the rolls never disappoint! Fish is always super fresh and tasty.  I always get the white rose roll avocado train and my new favorite is the spicy tuna salad. If I could eat here every day I would but i have to make the four hour trip to Vegas just for my yummy sushi rolls :(  love this place and the ambience. Great for night owls like me and also love the music. I rarely leave yelp reviews but I have to for  kaizen! Please move closer to LA!
5	First visit and now I want to be a regular. Best selection of sushi treats and restaurant food. Saki testing alone will bring me back.   Great place to come with friends and order many appetizers. My favorite is soft shell shrimp on a skewer. Great place to order special dishes and expand your comfort zone.
4	Delicious chirashi and special rolls. Attentive service. The best seats are at the bar.
