5	It's refreshing to see a unique concept on the west side of town. The owner hit the nail on the head describing the concept as a MODERN saloon. Western with clean edges and updated takes on classic dishes. Was also pleasantly surprised by their signature cocktails and draft beer selection. Will definitely be dinning here again.
1	AWFUL!Group of 4 for dinner & drinks.  Of the 4 different entrees ordered all were lacking in flavor.  All the food appears to be pre made, nothing fresh.  In fact our server told us that the chicken is pre seasoned so no option for altering. the server also said that when a table near us who received their food way before us even though we ordered before they ever sat down by 40 minutes that they got their food first because what they ordered was pre cooked so just needed to be preheated!  No manager doing rounds to the tables.  It seemed odd since this is a brand new place.  If you like fresh food this is not the place to go.  Ended up at humble pie for dessert in order to have something tasty to eat that night.
4	Great Happy Hour deals. We loved the $4 chicken quesadilla and my husband enjoyed the $3 Firestone beer. I ordered a side salad and the $5 salad came out as an entree size side. I suggest a smaller portion for a side salad. The waitress told us the other option was a ramekin sized salad that would have been too small. Feels a little like Goldilox.The prices seemed a bit on the high side for the area with a ribeye at $19 and country fried steak at $17... Until we saw the portion sizes. Both dishes could have easily been split between two adults. The country fried steak came with a spicy chorizo sauce that was my favorite part of the whole dish, mashed potatoes and veggies. Overall, a decent meal.My husband's ribeye came with very tasty black beans and a large baked potato. I found the ribeye to be a bit bland but my husband really enjoyed it.We'll be back but maybe we will split a meal and add a couple of appetizers.
4	I had a great lunch with my 3 month old the other day the staff was spectacular and I was accommodated with a booth for the car seat. I ordered the Barrel Burger which was very tasty seasoned well but my bun was falling apart but I managed to get it all down the pickle was good too.      I was super impressed with the design of the place with an open patio area cool furniture namely the cowhide bar stools. There was country music playing just loud enough to not wake a baby and I can't wait to go back for drinks and dinner with my wife maybe before the baseball game on St Patty's Day. It would be on my list to hit for drinks and a date for sure! Who ever designed this place gets 5 stars!I'll be back with friends and family.
3	Three stars headed for one starWe have visited a couple of times. First time we had the chips as a starter. They were great and warm when served. Second time they had been pre - made and could have been dumped out of a bag. Really too badThe service is good. The bar has a homey feelingThe owner and his wife sit at the bar playing on a laptop, they should go in the office or go home.A woman near us ordered a chicken pot pie that cost $16, amazingly over priced.If you want to try this place better hurry as I suspect it will not be open long
5	The restaurant has a really cool vibe. Definitely country.  There is a cool giant wagon wheel hanging above the dining room. I had the chicken pot pie, amazing crust and delicious filling. Jesse had the beer can chicken,  super moist and came with 2 sides.  The tequila beans were beyond anything I've ever tasted. Fast and friendly,  our server was great. Restrooms were impeccable and have cool metal work. They have a nice outdoor patio. I'm happy to see a new business in the area. Wonderful!
5	House chips were amazing!  I went for lunch and it was 5stars.  Definetely going to take my wife on a date there.
5	If you want a GREAT Rib eye!  This is the place!  Great atmosphere, super service!
2	I guess we caught this place on a bad night. It was 15 minutes after we were seated before our waiter came by. Once he got the drink & app order it was another 10 +. I ended up going to the bar to get our drinks, I could see them just sitting there in the service station. Finally someone brought our apps out, which were good, but no waiter. After a total of 45 minutes I asked the manager to just get us our check. She did and made no attempt to save the meal. Not planning on going back. Since there were plenty of empty tables it should not have been that slow.
3	Tried this place for the first time this weekend.  Will probably go back but will try something different.  Wife had the chicken caesar salad and it was good but was served with 'very' cold chicken (like right out of the refrigerator).  Good spicey flavored dressing and fresh grated parmesan but the cold chicken was a turn off for her.  My pot pie was good but not great!  Too much sauce and not enough chicken and/or vegetables for the price.  With a tip it was a $40 dinner and that's too much for what we had (diet drinks) we think.  Atmosphere good and a plus for the west valley but they need to take a look at the pricing.
5	Food: Started out with the Buffalo Chips appetizer and was very pleasantly surprised! Other restaurants tend to let these sit out too long so that the chips gets soggy but these once were fresh, crispy, and delicious. I ordered the New York Strip, which was flavorful and a seriously good cut of steak. They made it perfectly Medium, which is great since a lot of places tend to either under cook or char the outside too much for my liking. The balance was just right. The steak came with a baked potato and a side of beans. I was impressed that they offer healthier sides! I'm sure you could opt for french fries too. I had to try the chocolate chip cookie skillet, aka pizookie. This one blew me away. I have had plenty of these elsewhere, but I have to say this one was cooked perfectly (not stuck to the bottom of the skillet) and had ice cream with two kinds of syrup drizzled on top: caramel and chocolate. I also tried one of my friends tacos and was equally impressed. Very fresh ingredients and not your typical Arizona taco. You can tell someone cares about quality.Drink: They offer some pretty cool "moonshine" drinks, none of which I had seen elsewhere. Scored some points in the creativity department. I tried the moonshine blueberry lemonade, which I found out later is quite potent and potentially dangerous as they soak the blueberries in moonshine as well! The best (or worst!) part is that you really can't taste the moonshine. Ambience: Very well decorated with a fun steak house feel. We sat on the patio and the seating and pre-requisite TVs were great. The patio is nicely covered and there is a huge sliding door to the main area, so you never feel like you are too far from the action and waiving down a waiter for another drink is never an issue. Service: Our waitress was great and there were no issues here. We took a while to get acquainted with the menu, and when asked about specialties, our waitress gave some great recommendations and was glad to do so. I can't say how many places I've been where the wait staff is either unsure or clearly annoyed when asked about specifics. After the meal, the owner took the time to ask how everything was, and I was glad to give him my response: great! Later, I looked at reviews on yelp and saw that any unsatisfied customers were answered to directly by the owner and offered to make things right. As a business professional, I really respect when the owner of a company takes the time to ask his customers and hone in on issues if necessary. And I understand that the early days of business are never easy. Give these guys a shot and if you don't like it, I know management would like to hear :)As for me, superb!
5	Great atmosphere.  Country themed.  Live music.  Rustic.  Good for large or small parties.  Full bar.  Attractive waitresses.  Great food at reasonable prices.Had the pretzel/cheese appetizer.  A little small, but just enough to keep us full until the entrees arrived.I had prime rib.  A very large cut with minimal waste for only $19!  Unbelievable!Wife had blackened ribeye.  Delish and plenty to take home in a doggie bag.Kid had chicken salad.  Spicy with tortilla chips.  They serve moonshine!  Yes!  Call Tim and Tickle, someone is selling on their route!Server was quick, attentive and not hard on the eyes.  In fact, the wait staff was made up of all beautiful people.  Live band, country.  A bit loud, but they were in tune and on pitch unlike most local live bands.  And they took breaks to allow dinner conversation.
4	We ate here for lunch today and really liked it! I had the blackened fish sandwich, which was really good. Normally I'm not a huge fan of fish sandwiches but this one was awesome. The ciabatta bun was fresh and soft but crusty on the edges, and the spicy tartar sauce was delicious! The tilapia was really good, and it was a really large fillet. They definitely don't skimp on portions here. The fries were just average.My fiance got the French Dip, which was also really good, and a side of the southern macaroni and cheese (can't remember exactly what it's called) and it was really good as well. The prices are a little on the higher side. I wouldn't say overpriced, but I would suggest making lunch portion sizes and dropping a few dollars for lunch hours. But overall the food was amazing and the atmosphere and decor was fun. The service was good - they had just had a random late lunch rush at 3pm, and our waiter apologized for running around the whole time, but we didn't really even notice. Our food came in an appropriate amount of time and our drinks were refilled often.
2	The food and prices are good, the service literally sucks.It was good when we first started going there, but recently the service is very bad.They get our drink order, start drawing up the beer, then when the beer is about half way filled the bartender decides to go chat with someone.After about 4 minute he came back and asked if we was ready to order. Every drink we had to chase the bartender down, and they only had 7 customers setting at the bar and one table with 4 people.The female bartender that comes on at about 4:30 does not go focus on serving the customers, I think her job is to just hang over in front of the customers showing her big cleavage. That's pretty much all she is good for, she won't take any customers orders.We are done with this place.
5	This place is hands down AMAZING. Food is out of this world and clever beyond anything I would have expected. Customer service is phenomenal and everyone is so accommodating and informative. The ribs, spicy Mac and cheese, quesadilla and fried potato chips are all SO SO good.
5	One of our family favorites!!! Actually stumbled upon this place by mistake.  We were trying to go to Humble Pie (which we discovered on Urban Spoon), but they were packed, and ended up here instead.  Have been back a dozen times since and really love everything about this place.  Food has always been amazing, the tortilla soup is one of the bests I've ever tried.  Other favorites are the chips, the pretzels with cheese, the quesadilla, the french dip, and the spicy mac n cheese.  Needeless to say, we have still never tried Humble Pie because we think Barrel Grill is too good to go nextdoor :)
3	Went here for dinner last night with my wife. I guess the best way to describe it is it's a southern style restaurant. Anyway onto to the food!To start we had some fried pickles. They were delicious! Just enough batter without overpowering the pickle. We also each had a pint of their own beer, barrel grille beer (I don't think they brew just throw their label on it) which was great as well. Our waiter didn't know much about it but it seemed to my wife and I as a amber styled lager.For dinner I had the country friend steak. The portion was huge however it was so salty it was close to inedible. It wasn't so salty that I would send it back but to salty for both my wife and I. I dunno maybe we are both just shy about sending stuff back. Anyway, with it I had some spicy mac and cheese which also was no good. It was bland and watery with barely a hint of cheese in there. Also had the green beans and almonds which was good, hard to screw up beans and almonds though!My wife had the cowboy tacos which she said was good but thought it was overpriced. 15 bucks gets you 3 little tacos and a side of beans. So there you have it. I gave it a 3 because while the food was so so, the service was great and I liked the ambience. Probably wouldn't go back just due to the fact there are too many other places similar to this one who can make the food more to my liking.
4	Happy hour from one till 6 PM on the weekends. That means a special happy hour menu for food and for drinks. The bar is spacious and very comfortable - the stools are the type you could sit on for quite a few hours without your butt falling asleep. Jen was the bartender on this particular Saturday. Yes, she's extremely cute and I have a gigantic crush on her, but she also has a great personality, she knows the drinks that she pours and she will answer all your questions about their menu. Try the prime rib sliders, they were excellent. The fried chips & the fried pickles also excellent, however not the healthiest thing in the world. Both are big enough to share with a couple other people.The Rodeo Cold and Deep Canyon amber beers are only $3 at happy hour and 2 of my faves.I'm going to call Saturdays from 1 to 6 at this bar, so you'll have to pick another time to come here.
2	This is my second time here with my family of 4 and didn't even get a drink order or any acknowledgment after 15+ minutes of waiting.  So we got up and went right next door to Humble Pie.
5	I am giving 5 Stars on New Years Eve because of the service. Our waiter had to stay because others called in sick. The food was a little delayed but with the wait. I had the French Dip. Very good.
4	I've only been here once, food was great. Service was fine, nothing special but not bad either.
2	The atmosphere was cool and the food was good but overpriced and the drinks were outrageous. Service was very poor. We barely got a how do you do.... Chances that I'll be back are slim.
5	Great atmosphere, food, and craft beer selection. Comfortable seating inside and out with some great staff as well.
4	Were looking for a happy hour spot before the movie after finding out Johnny Fox's went under. Gave this place a shot and were pleasantly surprised. Kind of a country music bent but not obnoxiously so. Good micro beer selection with great happy hour pricing. $3 drafts. The quesadilla we ordered was good as well. Sat at bar and bartender very attentive. Plenty of TVs and also a outdoor patio. Check this place out.
4	Always looking for a new option on the west side. We were pleasantly surprised here. Peoria posse salad was fresh and spicy, the chicken tortilla soup was pretty flavorful. Not a huge beer selection, but had a couple local draft options. We aren't cowboy or country, but the decor was nice. Service was fine, nothing stellar, nothing bad. The outdoor seating area looks like a lovely spot for post-spring training meal or drink.
5	I was really hungry and really craving ribs after the gym. Came here with the family and loved it! My sister and I had the full rack of ribs and they had a nice spicy sauce and literally fell off the bone. The spicy Mac and cheese has a good kick and is really creamy. We ended it with peach cobbler and a brownie cooked in a skillet. They were amazing.
5	I have been at this restaurant five times now and have a good handle on the food and service.  I recently was supposed to meet some friends at the Texas Roadhouse across the street.  While I tend not to go to chain restaurants, I obliged my friends.  We had reservations and still had about an hour wait.  I convinced them to try Barrel and we got in right away and were all very pleased!Our servers have always been attentive and pleasant.  The food has consistently been very good.  The ribs are some of the best I have had.  Their prime rib salad is very hearty and good.  My wife and I like to each order a meal and split it with each other.  Without asking, they split our meals without a charge.  I would highly recommend their skillet desserts.  The apple and peach crisp a la mode are excellent.  They have a great patio and fun ambiance.Give this establishment a try and support the local economy and some great folks at Barrel!
4	I ordered the ribs and they were absolutely fantastic. They are probably the best I've ever had. They have a whole selection of moonshine drinks, which are really good. As for the service though, it was lacking a bit. They only had one server on the floor it seemed. The food was delicious and our server was definitely trying her best with all the tables.
5	Moonshine cocktails are perfect for cooling off after spicy mac, buffalo chips or southwest burger. Love the cherry limeade moonshine drink.  This place is to the left of spicy, so cowboy beware!  It sure could light your campfire if you get too adventurous with the spice level, but oh it's so good!   We visited for my sister's birthday and it was their daughter's first trip out of the house, at 6 days old.  The restaurant was slow, for a Wednesday night, so our food was hot, fresh and fast.  Sis had a birthday coupon for joining their club and it was quite generous at $25 off your meal, no minimum!  (just not on alcohol)Great place. Glad we went.
2	It takes more than looks to make a restaurant successful. This place needs new management, poor service due to lack of servers. Know your surroundings, if you open a restaurant next to a ballgame be prepared for a crowd. I had the steak salad; Wow, it was a slice of very thin prime rib on a very basic salad.  When I say thin, I mean so thin it just disappeared in the salad. $14?
5	Didn't know that these guys were here and were invited by friends that live in the area.  The atmosphere is absolutely beautiful inside, very upscale and new.  We only sat at the bar for a short while and the place was pretty quiet for a Friday night so we really need to support this place.  We need more upscale bars in this area, have not eaten here or partied here long so will have to come back soon now that I know it is here.
3	Server Jennifer was good.. Attentive and friendly. Atmosphere is nice. At night they open all of the windows. The dim lighting, fresh air, and country music was relaxing. Tasty cocktails and draft selections.. But the food.. The damn food. Expensive and unsatisfying. While the portions are HUGE, everything tastes as if it was frozen. Spicy Mac and cheese was runny and tasted like Velveta with some spice. Chicken fried steak was OK, however potatoes were cold when the food had JUST come out. And the tacos had some weird sauce that ruined it for me. Seemed like ranchy nacho cheese drizzled on top? I don't know. The beans it came with also tasted straight out of a can, with a few tomatoes sprinkled on top. Tasteless. I might give it one more chance just because I enjoyed my drink, music, and location. Overall though, mediocre and I left disappointed.
1	This place should have been named "The Pretentious Cowboy." The staff and atmosphere are wonderful (if you're into the whole cowboy thing) but as much as they dress it up as fine dining, its really just a sports bar with a limited food menu with small, over-priced portions unnecessarily dressed up to  appear fancier than what they really are. There is no children's menu and the drinks side of the menu has many more options than the food side of the menu. Again, this is just a sports bar. There is no explanation of what their "barrel sauce" is and, apparently, they put it on everything.My wife and I wanted to try something new . The place looks nice on the outside and it looks nice on the inside. We order the pretzel appetizer ($6) which comes with about 8 little buttered pretzel nuggets and a spicy nacho cheese in a ramekin. When dipping the pretzels in the cheese, its amazing to pull the pretzel out and find no cheese on it, so a scooping motion is necessary. I guess the cheese won't stick to the butter. It tasted great, but honestly, this is a bar and the warm pretzels should just be served as you're seated as a free item (like bread, you know like Outback Steakhouse, Olive Garden, Texas Roadhouse, Tarbell's, etc...) to get you thirsty and offer the dipping sauce at an additional charge. I can get three times as many pretzel nuggets just as good with cheese for the same price at any pretzel store in any shopping mall. I don't understand why they are so stingy with the portions on such a cheap item to make.If this was my place, once my customers were seated, I would serve them a tray of hot, unsalted, un-buttered, PLAIN pretzel nuggets. On the tray I would have at least 6 ramekins. One each of kosher salt,  melted butter, spicy cheese, cream cheese, mustard and one with the signature 'barrel sauce.' Let the customers play with the 37+ different flavor combinations at their discretion. This gets them thirsty!! Now the drinks don't seem so over-priced. If the nuggets run out, just like with bread at any other restaurant, ask if they would like more. Some will just want to drink, others may want dinner instead.For dinner, my wife orders a salad only to find the portion is again too small and the core of the lettuce has been used. At these prices, this is unacceptable. She also orders the chicken tortilla soup and finds it tastes more like a minestrone soup.I just ordered the chicken wings appetizer, which is advertised on the menu as 'crispy'.What arrives are not crispy wings. They have a sticky sauce (not hot wings like I expected from the description on the menu) and they cost $9.50 (more than a dollar each) and are covered in scallions. Scallions? On chicken wings? To make it 'fancy' they drizzle this mustard looking sauce on the plate before placing the wings. I ask what that is, and they explain it's their 'barrel sauce' (which is pretty much on every item on the menu). It's an aioli sauce. Something I don't expect on chicken wings. There are also four sticks of celery. Hope you like that barrel sauce they drizzled on the plate before placing the food because its on your celery now, too.If I wanted the sauce on my celery, I would scrape my celery against the plate where the sauce was. Also, the celery slices were twice the size as the wings. If it's presentation we're talking about, its just bizarre. Did I order celery with a side of wings? Why not put it all in a blender and then serve it to me that way? It all ends up that way in our stomach anyway, right? Problem is, our taste buds are not in our stomach or our eyes. Our nose and tongue are what need to be pleased when we eat. From the flavor, the smell and the texture - some things are best left alone or offered as options. Why were the pretzels not already covered in cheese? Because they would be a soggy mess and maybe have too much cheese for someone's taste, or perhaps they prefer them plain. Options, get it? Let people eat the way they want to eat, NOT the way the chef prefers. The chef can make his wings any way he likes, and I'd like that same consideration without having to make a 'special request.' The service and atmosphere were both excellent, but the food just plain sucks. They take something simple, like chicken wings, burgers or grilled chicken sandwiches, dress them up on the menu with a fancy plate and ruin it by removing the simplicity and justifying a higher menu price. In a word, it's pretentious.Again, the menu was extremely limited. A cowboy place that doesn't offer t-bone steak, but does offer New York and prime rib? That's odd. Bottom line, for two sodas and those four small portioned and oddly prepared menu items was $32.86 + I left a $5 tip for the waitress (who was excellent). We both left hungry and will never return.Notice how many of the positive reviews here are referring to the alcohol. Each alcoholic drink made the way the customer wants, thousands of possible combinations. Ironic, isn't it?
5	Came here strictly for drinks last night around 9pm, cute little western themed bar.  We sat down and the bartender greeted us right away.  We started out with some moonshine cocktails as we've never tried moonshine before, SO good. Watch out for the moonshine soaked blueberries, whoo wee those are like a shot of alcohol by themselves! They have a reverse happy hour that starts at 10pm so we stayed for that. Pretty chill environment to come have a few drinks & relax. Love it!
4	We really enjoyed the food and music. The portions are adequate for the pricing and the quality was excellent. All ingredients were fresh and full of flavor. The service was good as well, considering the busy atmosphere.   Overall our visit was fun.
4	Me and a group of friends came in after a game and had a blast. We loved the drinks made with different flavors of moonshine, my favorite was the Dolly Parton with the apple pie flavor.The bartenders were really personable and attentive, they took great care of us.Being new to the area, I really appreciate having a local place to go have a drink that isn't a chain restaurant! And a cool country atmosphere at that!I see a some negative reviews about the food but I would have to disagree. I had what I think is called Snake Bite pasta and it was spicy! Spicy but well made. The only reason I didn't give it a full 5 stars is because they aren't open till 2 during the week. I can understand though, this area doesn't seem to a hotbed of late night shenanigans. But no biggie
4	What I like the most about this place is the decor and vibe. It has a very nice relaxed feel and is a great place if you have kids to feed. Although, I can see it getting very "country" at times, when I was there if felt more like a sports themed establishmentThe staff was friendly, not really quick, but it looked like there was only one server at the time. The place was clean, including the bathrooms, which I tend to put very high on my rating list.Nothing really made me go "Wow!" at this place, but I have no complaints at the same time. They had a decent draft beer selection and lots of house cocktails that would appeal to anyone. The food was good, we just ordered a couple burgers and their queso appetizer. Burgers cooked to order, queso came with house made chips, everything was tasty and filling. If I am in the area again I would definitely go back. A worthy establishment if you are looking for a new place to go.
1	Came here today for Mothers Day, absolutely the worst service and food I've had in a long time. My wife's French fries were cold and when we asked to have them replaced they brought out ones just as cold. My daughters chicken tenders were rubbery. The fried pickles were good unfortunately that's where it ended. Definitely will not be back which is Sad because the location decor and patio are great.
1	There is little good to say about my experience on mothers day fries were cold and the new ones we asked for still cold but to top it off the manager that was on could not have handled it any worse. Will not go back.
4	My husband and I came here for our date night! I was really surprised how empty it was for a Saturday evening. Anyways, the restaurant itself was nice & the decor was fun. We came in wanting to try their pot pie but once we got there 2 appetizers sounded yummy ( Mac & cheese and buffalo chips). So we asked the waitress if she thought 2 appetizers and 1 pot pie would be enough for 2 people, she said yes! We went ahead and order 2 appetizers and 1 pot pie to share. The buffalo chips were so yummy!! If you enjoy hot wings you will love them. I wasn't a huge fan of the Mac & cheese but my husband liked it. The pot pie was delicious and filling. It was a perfect amount of food. The waitress was nice and very inviting. She told us about the upcoming happy hour and let us know that they have live music on Sundays. Reason for 4 stars: all of our food came out at the same time. I like appetizers before my main entree. We would return!
4	Came here for the reverse happy hour after a game. Reasonable drink prices. The atmosphere was cool with good country music always playing. Summer shandy for $4. Nice and refreshing after a long, hot day.I didn't get any food, but the menu looked pretty legit. They didn't have any original nachos, which is what I was in the mood for. But the waitress swore on their buffalo chips, but I just wasn't feeling it. I'll definitely come back when I'm hungry and try their pulled pork or pot pie.
2	Went in over the weekend. It was nice to see a happy hour on the weekends good start. Got fried pickles. Loved them. Wanted tortilla soup got brought out beef stew with tortilla strips on top. It was gross. I have had a lot of tortilla soups and this wants even close to one. So I got A house salad.  Large bowl of nothing but lettuce. 2 tomato wedges 2 cucumber slices and 4 strands of onion. And the the Italian dressing was gross. I will not go back to eat but will drink there.
5	Great hidden gem in the Arrowhead area. Great food, service, and atmosphere. Baby back ribs are delicious!
4	Good food, great happy hour prices, nice atmosphere, and friendly staff.
5	Great food and service we have found a new fav. We had prime rib and ribs. They were both amazing.
4	Their wings for Monday night football at $.50 is a great deal. Sign up for their points!  I'll return again. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Everyone should try them because they are convenient, close and cost effective. Even their restrooms are clean!  Nice place!!!
4	Stopped in for lunch after gymnastics with my 3 kids and husband. Service was great, our waitress was very attentive. We ordered the cowboy wings for an appetizer and they were fantastic. I ordered the cowboy tacos. They're made with prime rib, spicy cabbage, pico de gallo and black beans. Three small street taco size. They were very good. My husband ordered the sloppy joe and fries and he enjoyed it as well calling it a sweet sloppy joe. Kids meals were priced well and good serving size for any age. I would definitely come back. I want to try the chicken pot pie next.
3	The staff clearly are working hard to give good service. We were served our food after 3 other tables that came later. The staff were aware and very apologetic. We shared a Mac and Cheese for a starter, very good, no complaints. I had a half a French dip and chili. Both were just ok, no real complaint but just ok. We asked if the tea was sweetened, told yes, it was not. My husband had the sloppy joe which he said was good. The space was nice, clean and well decorated. Just ok in my book, was hoping the chili and sandwich just would of been more flavorful. Close but just missing the mark.
5	We love this place! Have yet to have a bad experience. Atmosphere, employees, and management are great! Will be back for more!
5	We stopped by for an early dinner last Saturday and we love this place!  The service is prompt and our server offered many suggestions for drinks and food and he was spot on.  The owners stopped by and chatted a bit as well.  Very friendly atmosphere.  The restaurant itself is not huge but there is an outdoor patio that doubles the size.  It's outfitted with heaters and looked very comfortable.  The cowboy decor was very interesting, especially the bathrooms.I ordered a "Miranda Lambert" cocktail, which was basically a cosmo on steroids.  It was delicious!  It had three fresh cranberries floating in it, which I thought were pretty, but then my server asked if I had tried them, I replied I didn't think we were supposed to eat them.  Well I went ahead and tried one and oh boy, it was like doing a little mini shot.  Turns out they are soaked in moonshine!!  Excellent.  My husband had an amber ale and was very happy with it.We shared the fried pickle appetizer and they were very good.  I would order again.  If you've never tried this, this is the place to give it a shot.  For our meals I had the prime rib sliders...so, so good.  They give you 3 huge sandwiches for 8 dollars and au jus for dipping and horseradish sauce as well.  I was only able to eat two of my three sandwiches.  The onion rings that came with it were a disappointment however...they were cold.  My husband had the chicken pot pie and loved it!  It came in a little mini cast iron skillet and filled him up quite nicely...well that and my third sandwich.  We will definitely be back!
5	First time checking the place out. I'm not one who usually enjoys western themed restaurants or bars, but this one is kinda quirky and different and something about it feels inviting and fun. We stopped by for lunch on a Saturday. Not enough people here for some reason....I was impressed with the menu- they have actual good food not just typical bar food. Their menu seems a bit unique, playing on the modern western theme they have going on with the decor.The thing that really inspired me to review this place was the quality of the food and service. Never once had to ask for a refill and our server was very attentive. Got the cowboy tacos, and they were like no tacos I'd had before. Western cowboy BBQ meets south of the border. I didn't expect the food to be so, fancy, I guess you could say? Seriously, delicious. Different, in a very good way.In fact, everything that came out of the kitchen for our lunch was cooked to perfection. Fried pickles and sweet potato fries for appetizers, and the tiny hint of cinnamon and freshness of the sweet potato fries really set them apart. And the fried pickles were still crunchy pickles, not soggy bar food style garbage. My date had the french dip and her fries were perfect and she was really pleased with the sandwich as well.Both of us walked away impressed and wanting to go back. Sure hope this place does well, because it would be a shame for the location and lack of foot traffic to result in this place not staying open long enough for me to try the other stuff they got on the menu!Great beer selection too, and the TV set up is perfect for sports fans. Definitely will be back, and highly recommend this restaurant.
3	We've been here a few times and the only dish I liked so far was the prime rib. It was a huge portion with excellent flavor. Our overall impression is this place has poor management. Service is slow even when the restaurant is slow. There are often issues with meals, ordering, food undercooked, etc.
5	We've been here twice now with friends and the experience has been fantastic each and every time. The mac and cheese is to die for, their drinks are amazing, and nobody at our table had any complaints about the food. The service has been top notch as well. We had one experience where my boyfriend was just lifting up his empty plate to try to find someplace on the crowded table to put it, and our server was just coming out of the kitchen. She saw him lifting the empty plate and practically LUNGED our way to take it out of his hands and out of the way. She almost appeared out of nowhere. We like to try new restaurants and places, but it's kind of hard each weekend when we try to pick a new place when this one is so good that we just want to keep coming back!
4	First time visiting based upon yelp reviews.  It didn't disappoint!  We had the lunch on the patio, and went with their lunch special, which is a choose two (soup/salad/sandwich) deal for $9.  For me, I chose the corn chowder and french dip.  The corn chowder was amazeballs and the sandwich is solid.  My wife had the southwest caesar salad and french dip.  She likes them both as well.   With two iced teas, it was $25 plus tip, out the door for $30.  We will be back!
5	We came here to kill time before we could ice skate, "we" meaning my wife and our daughter.  Our order: Prime Rib sandwich w/ au jus---Great and the French Fries should be called "Crack Fries."Southwest Burger---great, hamburger and the wife said it was pretty spicy.  Sloppy Joe---Just like when I was a kid.  My daughter loved it.  Also, I ordered the White Lightning.  Moonshine with Red Bull.  Great drink. It sneaks up on you.  I only had one, but I could feel a buzz.  I could see myself drinking these these like water.  Great place. We will come again.
5	My wife and I "accidentally" found the Barrel, because the one place we were going to eat at was jammed packed full...but, what do you expect for a popular chain cookie-cutter restaurant. So, we stumbled across the Barrel Grill. It was busy, but not "standing room only".Great environment. Outstanding food. The Manager was doing her best with such a skeleton crew, but, that's the good industry! We go there everytime we get up to the Peoria area!Skillet con Queso is a go, as well as the Cowboy Tacos!
1	I just left this place with my girlfriend and we are unsatisfied and astonished to say the least. I have no idea why this restaurant is even still open. Setting: The only other customers in the store were at the bar. The lighting inside was dingy, dark, and there was a strange general odor about the entire place. Experience: We were seated immediately and the tip hungry waitress was there instantly. I had high hopes initially but they were quickly shot down. Upon looking at the prices, I thought the designer had made a mistake. Simple and over priced entrees riddled the menu, after ordering our water (which had a very strong chlorine taste) we ordered our food.My girlfriend ordered the steak salad, with no tomatoes, and I ordered the spicy chicken fettuccine. When we got the food I was amazed at how small the portions were, about 5 ounces of pasta, and the smallest chicken breast I've even seen. My girlfriends salad came out with tomatoes on it. The waitress came up to check on us after a few minutes and when we told her there was tomatoes on the salad she just blamed the kitchen staff and walked away. When she came back later she offered to send it back but at this point we wanted to eat and leave. After waiting while our waitress sat and talked to the bartender for ten minutes, we got the check and to my amazement, no comp, no apology, no anything for the faulty order! And what gets me is that the entire time the MANAGER sat next to us on a laptop, and I know she had to have heard everything. In conclusion, if you want to be disappointed and over pay for half assed tiny portioned food, then this is the place for you! My suggestion would to get management that knows how to do their job properly, and I can only hope that Barrel Grill is soon replaced with a restaurant that knows how to treat their customers.
5	A great lunch today at Barrel Grill, Peoria AZ.Beer Can Chicken: Was tender, fall off the bone and well seasoned. Grilled Salmon: The portion was larger than expected and served with a tasty sauce. The service was friendly and swift.
3	Good service, good food, but a fairly limited menu. If you like your bars loud and friendly, where food's not your main priority, this is your place.
