5	I love coming here, it always makes me feel like im back at home.  Great people and most of all Great Barbers!!  Keep up the good work!!! A+++++++
5	I had a living social coupon for this place and decided to capitalize today.I called in and made an appointment. It wasn't busy at all when i went in (Tuesday Afternoon). I got the "Real Deal" package, they definitely knew what they were doing. My barber was very very thurough for my WHOLE haircut, and the shaving and shampoo afterwards. It was definitely what you expect a barber shop to look like. The atmosphere and the barbers were welcoming and they actually talked to you and asked you about yourself. I don't know what is considered a normal price at barber shops and what isn't, but this place seemed to be higher up than other barber shops i have visited prior. (From my time in seattle and tucson).Overall though they seem to be the best barber shop i have been to ever, so the price is deserved from the service.
5	Great Barber Shop!  I've been getting my haircut from Alex (the owner) for a couple of years, he's very talented and the price is right.  I would also recommend getting a straight razor shave.  The man has skills!
5	Great haircut for my boyfriend. Very precise and he looks like a stud! Lots of TVs and beers and fun guys to talk to.
5	I LOVE this place, GOOD BARBERS!! great people. It's like FAMILY here, they defiantly know what there doing. I was trying to find a barber for a min and I could find no one to cut my hair the way I wanted it. Then I went here and they could cut hair like I like it. They use straight edge razors to. And it looks clean. If like haircuts and like clean and good ones come here. Prices are economical and non expensive there products are great to. They TAKE CARE OF THERE CLIENTS!!! This place is EXCELLENT!!! I've made this place MY BARBER SHOP!!!! This is my him and shop now!!!  $
5	The guys at this shop were great! Super friendly , sports playing on the TV's. They had everything set up the way  you would expect a real mans barber shop to be. I would highly recommend them. I left with an awesome cut and a new place to go when I'm in Scottsdale and need a trim.
5	All good things to say here!Looking for a haircut and a beard trim while visiting family in Scottsdale, so I gave them a shot. Happy I did. Didn't have an appointment but the wait wasn't long and exactly estimated by Alex (the owner). Told him what I was looking for and he executed it perfectly. The beer was a nice touch as well!My father got his haircut at the same time and that turned out great as well, so it doesn't matter whose chair your sitting in. Next time travel plans bring me to the area, I'll be sure to be needing a trim when I arrive.
5	First, let me explain how I'll structure this review. There's two important pieces to a barber shop. The first is customer experience, the more soft intangible feeling you get in your experience. Then, there's technical competence. The actual job that the barber does for you for the service. Customer Service Experience: These guys are so great. I was in town for some unfortunate circumstances and staying at the hospital very close to this location. I called them to ask about their services and Alex talked to me over the phone for several minutes without making me feel like he was in a rush to hangup. He could have been because he has clients to balance as well. He was a very genuine guy and actually made me feel comfortable and welcome to stop by...From the time I stepped into their shop, I felt that same welcoming. All of the barbers were really nice guys and fun to talk to...Great service. Technical Expertise: These guys are spot on. They are efficient, but also very thorough. I have gotten hot shaves at other places and always left underwhelmed, nicked and overcharged. Bad combo. I got the best shave I've ever had and topped it off with a nice but manly facial. Very satisfied and if I lived here full time, I'd be back.To the guys at Who's Next, thanks. My mom appreciated my smooth face and was really excited to see me. Can't thank you enough. ~Kurt
5	I've always wanted to find a good barbershop in my neighborhood so on a recommendation i was told about "whos next barbershop" the location is great being a mile from my house and the shop hours are good by being open 7 days a week to fit  my work schedule. Its been a long time since ive been to a barber shop and i was totally amazed with the experience,  the staff is GREAT, they listen to the clients needs and give you the perfect cut. For example, the barbers wont let you leave the chair until they feel you look like a million bucks, now that's dedication to the client.The atmosphere is very classic New York style with pictures and sports memorabilia strung on the wall, you will always find a game on the tvs and lots of great conversation, it doesn't matter if you are a youth, young adult, professional or in your golden years, everyone is welcome and treated right
5	I love this barber shop,great service very nice Arthur is my new barber always does an awesome job pays attention to detail he makes sure my haircut cut looks the best I drive all the way from Laveen because it's the best I will be coming back for many years to come
5	Was in town for the week and needed a good barber. Did a little research and found this place. Glad I did! Clean, good service, and a quality cut for a good price. Cody did a great job.
5	I have been getting my haircut at Who's Next for years now and have never been disappointed. Alex and his team really make you feel welcome and the service is top notch. I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a full service, old fashioned barbershop.
5	Been getting my haircut here for about three years now and have never left disappointed. Usually schedule with Alex but if I can't get into his schedule, I'm always happy getting a cut with any one else who is open. Easy atmosphere, easy conversation. Exactly what you want out of your local barber shop.
5	Been going to Alex for 10+ years, he's the only person who cuts my hair.  Give him a chance, you won't be disappointed.
5	Great service products and haircuts! Convenient hours, open weekends. Definitely recommend!
5	This place is awesome, you walk in and are greeted like you just stepped into your buddy's house, they offer you a beer or a water and you relax and just BS with the guys in there until you're ready for your cut. Arthur did a solid job, I had to tell him very little and he knew exactly what I wanted and gave me one of the best cuts I've ever had! Plus they go the extra mile, straight razor neck shave, hot towel, massage, all the traditional barber shop stuff. I'll never go to another "chain" haircut place again.
5	Great place to come, hang out, and get a great hair cut. Alex always does you right and will take good care of you. Def come check it out!
5	Been here twice now and had two different barbers, Alex and Arthur (if memory serves me correct on the 2nd one).  I had been going to a different barber for about a year, but after waiting four hours to get seated, I had to go somewhere new. I took a chance on Who's Next purely from Yelp, and I'm glad I did.  The haircuts have been consistent, which is HUGE for me.  Plus, no more four hour wait times, I've been able to walk-in, get a great haircut and leave in under an hour each time.As you can guess, I'll be going back.
5	Great spot for a perfect cut. I just started coming here but I am always pleased when I leave! Quality classic cuts and a beer while you wait. How can you beat that? TVs at each spot and a big screen on the back wall to watch the games. This is my new barber without a doubt.
5	Just moved to the area and Alex fit me right into his busy schedule. He made me feel like I was back in Jersey! Alex was very nice and definitely hooked it up. Great barbershop and I liked the tv's right by each seat! I will definitely be back.
5	Who's next barbershop, not only are they professional but very curteous and definately know how to take care of their patrons. My son is very picky when it comes to his look (he's 13) Alex makes sure he leaves happy all the time. Great job !!! Highly recommended.
5	Great haircut by Cody today.Prompt service, got right in the chair when I walked in.Felt like a real east coast old school Barbershop.  Repeat
5	Great friendly place. I'm usually very picky about people cutting my hair. Went to this place on a recommendation of my brother in law and Yelp and I wasn't disappointed. I recently relocated from NYC and this was the first and last barber shop I will experience here. I won't go anywhere else now.Cody (sp) was a very easy going guy. A good conversation a good cut and shave.Treat yourself and get the executive package it was awesome!
1	I live in Tempe and I work in Paradise Valley. Tweaked my schedule to drive all the way to this barber shop because they do pretty good hair cuts. I guess the only thing they're bad at is opening the store on time. Three guys including myself were waiting by the door for the shop to open. 20 mins later and I ended up leaving. Bad for business not to open according to the time printed on your building..
5	Used Yelp to guide me here. What can I say. One of the best haircuts in recent memory. Modest wait, but that tells me indirectly how good a place is when regulars start showing up. Very personable staff. I'll most definitely return.
5	Best hair cut in town. Alex is the man and takes care of his customers will always come back as long as am in Arizona
5	I've been going to Whos Next Barbershop for a yr and a half since I moved to Scottsdale. Always a great time in the chair and always offered a water or whatever while I wait. I never make an appointment with anyone of the 3 guys as they all do a great job! They can get busy so I'd recommend making an appt or calling to see how the the wait is. Also if there is a wait it is exactly for the reasons I stated above (because there all good barbers)!
5	I can guarantee you that you will be satisfied with your haircut if you go here. When I moved here I tried multiple barbers and no one could consistently get my haircut right.At who's next I can go in and have the piece of mind that no matter which barber cuts my hair they will take their time and do it right ! I use the jcrew hair products and it's hard to find that stuff at a good price and they always have it in stock. I now call ahead to make and appt. and request Alex he is the best. Atmosphere wise it is good also they have flat screen tvs for each chair and a big flat screen on the wall.You can go to the barbershop watch the game and have good conversation with the customers and even have a beer which reminds me of back home! Don't waste your money anywhere else and go check this place out - I don't normally write reviews but this place is well deserving of one
5	I am from NYC came to Scottsdale on vacation I was in need of a shave did some searching around and found Who's Next Barber Shop the place has a great atmosphere with sports theme NY style as soon as I walked in i felt like i was back in Brooklyn NY .......Alex is the owner and my barber that day he is very Professional Talented and Excellent at his craft I had my head and face shave with a straight razor let me tell you ,I haven't had my head and face so so smooth in decades all I can say is WOW !!!! Haven't felt this smooth since I was a baby.....Alex you are the Bomb !!!! I will be seeing you in August I am coming down to Scottsdale will be there for a few shaves..A++++++++++
5	Watching the barbers at work here is pure joy. It is so important when someone puts so much time, care and effort into their craft. Cody cut my boyfriends hair in a classic gentleman's cut and it is perfect! You can tell that he really truly cares about his art and his customer. We will certainly be coming back. Also, as a side note, this place is so good that even the Marines trust these guys to perfect their coif. A must visit barber, for sure!
5	I've been going to Alex at Who's Next Barber Shop for a few months now. I keep coming back because he's talented, he listens to what you want done, and he's easy to talk to you while you're in his chair. The shop itself is easy to access off of Shea and always clean and well kept. They also have TVs in front of each chair and a large flat screen in the waiting area so even the wait is worth while.
1	I don't understand the rave reviews.  Brought my son here for the first time after calling early in the week and making an appointment.  When I made the appointment I spoke with Arthur, who assured me that the issues with my son's hair and alopecia would be no problem and that his hair would be cut by either him or Alex, both of whom had at least 13 years experience.  Cut to today.  Should have left when they didn't seem to recall an appointment or his name, but we stayed.  When my son was seated, we again described the "hair challenges" they would have to work with, and Arthur said it would be no problem. My son wanted to keep with his current hair style, sort of the old Bieber-do, and Arthur said ok.  Arthur called me over to look at it at one point, but there were several areas looking messy and curling funny.  He proceeded to cut those, but seemed rather annoyed.  Each time he finished an amendment, I was summoned over to look at it and comment, so I did (and each time, Arthur seemed really exasperated).  We got it to an ok point, but it still looked a bit bowl-cut like.  My kid didn't want it any shorter, or that Bieber comb over wouldn't work.  Arthur suggested thinning out the sides a bit and the curls in the front, so I said yes.  Shouldn't have.  Now that we are home, and the hair is fully dry, it is STILL curling funny, TOO SHORT and uneven/weird looking in the front, and my kid--a teen-- looks goofy.  And, it is school picture day this week, so that goofy look will be recorded for posterity.  We will have to now scramble and find someone this weekend who can remedy this.  I am NOT happy.One more thing... I paid the full $15 for the kid's cut, but when I mentioned the $3 off coupon (on their website) for first time visits, Arthur said that only applied to the $20 cut.  Well, please make that clear on the coupon... it indicates ANY first time visits, not a particular price point.  Slimy tactics, guys.
5	If you're looking for a comfortable place with great personality, then this is it. Alex has some unbelievable skills. I gave him some direction on how I like my cut, he checked out how I style it and went to town....turned out great. Another plus, my first time there, I walk in and get offered a beer....now that's service. I've found my barber.
5	Amazing!!! We just moved here from California and looked on yelp for a place to take my 13 yr old son for a haircut. Other reviewers were spot on about this place! Such nice guys, chatted it up with my son about sports and school. We left there with big smiles! Definitely going back!!!
5	Just moved here 2 weeks ago from Northern CA and had no idea where to go get my son's hair cut. Found these guys on Yelp and I could not have been happier.  Got right in... no wait.  My 3yr old is typically a hellion when he's in the chair, but Cody (sp?) was A-MAZING.  He talked my son through every inch of that hair cut and was so patient and good to him.  Not sure if Cody realizes just how much he made our day... not only in giving my son a great haircut, but by giving us a great experience overall.  We will definitely be going back. Thank you Cody!!!
5	First time client. Folks are friendly and down to earth. Got a great haircut for 20$. Can't beat that. I will e back.
5	As good as they come! The guys here are all friendly and have a ton of skill. Walk in or make an appointment, same great experience every time. You won't leave here disappointed, that's a promise!
5	This barbershop is as good as it gets-- from staff to atmosphere, its perfect for people who are looking for a new barbershop that one can turn to every time. They even give their customers a massage after a haircut. Highly recommend getting your cut done by Cody. This barber knows what's up! Takes his time even if the barber shop is busy! Never rushes!
5	I shaved my head for around ten years, and when I decided to grow it out again, I knew I needed a decent barber. I tried out a few different places, and not only did their attitudes suck, but they all treated me like another head on an assembly line. That's when I found Who's Next, and I've been going there ever since. See, it's all about attention to detail and respect for the clients. Alex, the owner, is also the guy who cuts my hair. The first time I came in, I explained the situation, and what I wanted. Not only did he nail the look right off the bat, but it was the best fade I'd ever had. And while he was doing it, he stepped back about five feet to give it the overall look. That man knows what he's doing, and it shows. Seriously, this is the best barber shop in town, bar none.
5	I was impressed with the haircut.Ask for Cody, and he will take care of the rest.It was nice chatting with him as well.
5	I used to go to this Barber shop in the past but quite some time ago the shop didn't open accordingly to the time that was posted. I started going to another barber shop near Paradise Valley which did pretty good haircuts. The owner of 'Who's Next' had sent me a message trying to resolve the issue and offered a haircut on the house. These guys know how to cut hair so after work I decided to take him up on the offer. Later, he explained what had happened the day that I came and the shop was not open. We're all human and things do happen so it was all water under a bridge. The amount of precision that was put into my hair definitely made me consider coming back to this shop. I always walk out feeling very sharp. I live in Tempe so I'm pretty far from this shop but trust me, the drive is well worth it if you're tired of  your neighborhood barber outside of North Scottsdale.
5	Once again, an excellent meeting with Cody. We decided to get fearless today and Bryan went with the razor part. It's on point. Cody is consistently meticulous.
5	This place is outstanding! Has an awesome old-time feel, and all the guys do quality cuts, The young kid Cody does an awesome job with gentleman cuts, and always has something funny to talk about. If you're looking for a cool place, and a great haircut look no further. Ask for Cody if you're looking for a great gentlemans cut! he's the young one with the tattoos!
5	I went there for the first time and received a great haircut on top of top notch service, a short wait and a fair price. I will definitely return.
5	This was one of the best barbers I've been to. Great location, great environment and the owner is very active and hands on. Ton of pride in their work. Really love this place.
5	Alex has been cutting my hair for approximately 8 years. Long before he opened up who's next barbershop. If you're looking for a good old fashion barber shop thay has great service and gives an  outstanding haircut visit Who's Next Barbershop.
5	The homie Cody hooked me up. I called first thing in the morning, and they got me in within 30 mins. Cody took his time fading me up just right. I'm from out of town, but he made me feel right at home. Good conversation, good cut, and $3 off for first timers. Finishes my cut up with a straight razor, and a hot towel. I'll go back, and I recommend asking for Cody
1	The phone interaction wasn't the most customer friendly from being placed on hold a couple times to the unorganized questions trying to make an appointment. Regardless, from the previous reviews I wanted to give this place a shot. Fast forward to the store, I walk in and the first gentleman just stares at me, so I tell him I am hear for an appointment. He said, "Well, you're going to have  to wait". They were obviously already with customers, so I do not mind a little bit of a wait. But to automatically make me feel unwanted and an annoyance to their business was not a smart business image to represent to new customers. This place is a joke. 2 young kids were the only 2 people running the place, and one with a horrible attitude. From the looks of the reviews things must run much more smoothly when the owner is there. Avoid this place unless you're working with the manager. Will NOT be back.If you're looking for a professionally ran barber shop with great customer service and a killer barber go to Exclusively Mens Salon and Spa. Sam will take great care of you with care and consistency!
5	Nothing but the best here!  Alex is truly a master of the craft.  Treat yourself to a nice straight razor shave sometime no greater feeling.
5	Alex is the best. I won't go anywhere else.
