5	Went there yesterday evening for an early dinner with some co-workers, we ordered Taiwanese Sausage, Oyster Omelet, and Stinky Tofu with Garlic Kimchi for starter.  All these dishes are traditional Taiwanese dishes.  We didn't order any soup because it was very hot outside and the soup is not going to help us cool it down.We also tried the Signature Crispy-Fried Tofu under the Chef's Specialies menu as well as the dim sum type dish, like the Beef Bing, a Chinese type of flat bread.  And also the Pan-Fried Jumbo Dumplings with Chinese Chives and dried tofu stuffed inside Chinese flat bread.  We ended the dinner with a cup of plum juice to wash down all the fat and oil we consumed.I would suggest you ask the waitress to see what's good and what's not if you have never had Chinese food before.  Good luck!
4	Henry's Taiwan is a new Taiwanese restaurant on the South east corner of Mill and Southern. Heard about it through word of mouth from a friend who said his parents really liked the place. My friends and I got the fried tofu, garlic eggplant, 3 cup chicken, kung pao chicken, and sausage appetizer. Everything was delicious and pretty authentic, but I think the best dish was the fried tofu! Unfortunately there is sum ting wong with this restaurant... They charge $1 for every bowl of rice!! It was also $10-15 for 5 dishes split between 4 people.
5	pretty good taiwan food, much much much better than the one near mekong Plaza, strongly recommend the fresh fruit smoothie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  taste really fresh with no artificial taste.
5	Another Taiwanese restaurant in the Phoenix area! That brings our total here up to... 2 :) It's the real deal here folks, with a good selection of common Taiwanese dishes to choose from, in addition to desserts, sodas, and smoothies.I entered the restaurant and noticed a strange smelling funk when I walked in. Maybe it was the stinky tofu? Anyways, we were seated at a booth and browsed through the menu. The interior is basic, but nice, with sunny yellow colors and a TV playing in the corner (They were playing Shaolin Soccer when we were here).We started with the Taiwanese sausage. It was excellent, with tender pork, a slightly sweet flavor with a hint of spice. It's some of the best Chinese/Taiwanese style sausage I've had in years. It was served with some sliced pieces of raw garlic that accented the sausage well when eaten together.We shared the three-cup chicken and the Taiwanese rice noodle/vermicelli for our entrees. The three-cup chicken was delicious. It had chunks of dark meat, bone-in chicken marinated in a deep, robust sweetened soy-sauce broth. The vermicelli was perfect. The delicate rice noodles had a hint of smokiness, and a generous serving of soy-sauce marinated meat was piled on top. The vermicelli tasted very similar to how my mom used to make it at home. Ah the memories!Service was good, and the owner would stop by to check in on us. Our main waitress spoke both English and Chinese (Mandarin), but another person bringing out our food seemed to know only Mandarin.Aside from your cans of American sodas, they have sodas you would find commonly in Taiwan, like Apple Sidra and Hey-Song sasparilla. They also serve up fresh fruit smoothies, which I would love to try one of these days.Overall, a very tasty experience that brings back memories of home-style Taiwanese food. I can't wait to go again!
4	I tried beef noodle soup, which is a classic Taiwaness dish. The blend of the soup is perfect. Only wish there is a little bit more meat. Decor is kind of unfinished. However, who cares decor when there is good food.Cannot wait to come back to try every single dish on the menu.
3	We called to make a reservation for 15.  The person on the other line kept telling us to-go or something else.  There was definitely a communication barrier.  There is no name/sign on the top of the restaurant, but it is posted on the window which can be hard to find.  It is next to a liquor store.    I ordered streamed dumplings and meat pies.  The menu did indicate it will take as least 15 minutes to make.  The Waitress said 20 minutes, 15-20 fine.  I wasn't expected over 45 minutes for one.  Was it worth the wait, absolutely not!  Service seems to be disorganized.  I asked one of the Waitress about my order, she replied did I place your order?  What, can you just go check?  I must say that the knife noodle pan fried with chicken is excellent.  This chicken was perfectly marinaded, well flavored, crunchy.  The noodle was good, but still have to wait awhile to get the dish.  The chicken fried rice was just ok.  They are still new. I am going to wait for them to workout some of the kinks before returning.  Maybe next time taking it to-go would be the better option, it might be quicker!
5	This new restaurant just did it for us.  The food was great and the service was very friendly! We were seated right away and we ordered the Beef Noodle Soup, 3 Cup Chicken and Taiwanese Sausage for appetizer.  All of the food came very quickly.  The sausage was wonderful, sweet, tender and the garlic complement it well.  The 3 cup chicken was far superior than the one served at Taiwan Express.  I can tell that the chicken was marinated first before being fried and then put in those yummy sauce.  The only bad thing about this was, they charged for a bowl of rice because it does not come with the chicken.  It is not expensive, but since the chicken has to be eaten with rice, why not include the price of rice into the dish and add $1 to it?  This has always been a pet peeve of mine for any Chinese or Asian restaurant that does not include any rice whatsoever.The beef noodle soup was also delicious with rich broth and tender flavorful beef.  If I have to nit pick, the noodle may be a tad too big for the noodle soup, but really this one is also much better than the one served at Taiwan Express.  I always  We are very satisfied with our food and can't wait to try other stuffs on the menu.Also, kudos to the waitress that helped us enjoy our early dinner.  We were having our dinner with our 9 month old baby who was seated in the high chair and toward the end of the dinner, our baby started to squirm a little bit. The very attentive and nice waitress came and started to play and coo with our baby and that calmed him down immediately.   We really appreciate those kind of above and beyond service and we of course tip accordingly. We'll surely be back for more delicious food and great service
4	This place is pretty good... Been to tons of Taiwanese places back in Orange County. The service is fast and they are really nice. Only been here once before this the young waitress remembered me! I like it when I'm remembered especially when I didn't do anything to justify remembering me.  I want to try some more dishes soon
4	To start off, this is what I'd expect to find with a hole in the wall restaurant.  The food is ethic and traditional.  Service, seating and decor are casual with the food taking the show.  The dishes are college kid priced :) and its a good selection of noodle dishes with some really unique selections.  Definitely an ideal group setting but be prepared to wait.  Good food with cheap prices take time...I'll definitely be back!!!
4	The food is above average but the service is not the best. There isn't an assigned server just random people coming up to you. They are nice but they all seemed really busy running credit cards batches and taking care of the business side that they never came back to check on me or give me more water. I'd come back but expect more of a fast food feel to the service.
4	Probably for the moment, the best overall TW place in town. Its been so long we had to go without a semi-decent TW place.They have a very nice menu and list of items.  From your typical beef noodles, to oyster omelette to rice rolls.  They have them here.  Also they have got stinky Tofu.  yes stinky tofu :)  Smells horrible but taste so good :)Food overall is good, but U cannot compare this with Taiwan standard.  especially if you have friends who just came from TW, this will not be good enough to register as TW food.  but comparing this to what we have here in the valley, with the few TW places around, this place does a great job.The service was brisk and they will try to bring you the orders quickly.  The location is a little hard to spot.  Just remember on the Southeast corner of Mill and Southern.  Look for the O'Reily's autopart store and its just directly east of it (away from the intersection).  Look for the restaurant with the big windows and people sitting in booth.
5	Been here for few times since they open, and love the food and people! Recommend for everybody. They are doing delivery now, which is a plus for students in ASU.  Love their sticky rice roll, pork steak with rice, kong pao chk and much more~~Since it is so close to my work and home, I'm eating there almost everyday now, and haven't get tired of it yet. You can also request dishes that's not on the menu! Love it!
4	I'm Taiwanese and to say the least, probably one of the more accurate TW food in the valley thus far.I've always been on a hunt for decent beef noodle soup in AZ and today I might have found one. The broth was similar to Sichuan beef noodle soup (which I liked because of the slight spiciness and the taste of chili bean sauce). They probably also added star anise () in there so it tasted more like simmered beef but tasty. The beef chunks were a little bit thin in size, but were tender. However, the noodles, although were widened (which I preferred), were a little overcooked. It was kinda soggy. This was my first time eating here so I do not know if they consistently cook this way, but I would just buy it to go and buy noodles at MeKong plaza and cook myself some decent noodles to eat with its decent beef broth. Overall, pretty impressed with the broth.My friends had pork chop rice plate and Tainan DanZai noodles. The pork chop  was decent looking and came in good portion (compare to Taiwan food express). DanZai noodles was small in portion and tasted a little bland (though that's how it should be).I would say their food is not perfect to the standard of authentic Taiwanese food, but it's definitely your go-to place if you are craving for some Taiwanese food. There are typical Taiwanese small dishes () also.It's worth a try if you haven't had Taiwanese food for a long time being in the desert.
2	Just went to this place for lunch with my husband, food was alright but service was bad. The server never came back to offer a box and check on us. Bad service was expected at asian place but some review said service was good, well not good for us. Food is over priced compare to Taiwan Food Express as well, I'd rather drive a bit further to Taiwan Food Express to get better service and not get over charged.  Rice was dry and old, how the heck does a Chinese place mess up rice? I don't get it!  Very disappointed and will not return.
4	As a Taiwanese myself, I agree with most fellow yelpers. This is definitely by far the best Taiwanese food in the valley. Taiwan Food Express has more items, but overall quality, I will vote for Henry's Taiwan.I have only gotten Mango Smoothie and you can tell it was freshly made without any syrup. Nice and refreshing.I enjoyed both the beef noodle soup and the black pepper chicken tenders. I eat them almost every other day for dinner. Good for my belly, not good for my weight though. HAHA...Also had the chance to try their pan-fried hum bow, it was definitely freshly made. You can taste the sweetness of the pork. Will have to try the other dim sums on the menu.Not too sure about the sauce used for the oyster omelet, there is peanut butter in there, which I am not used to. Maybe will decide after a couple more tries.LOVE the fact that they deliver now~ Hope they are here to stay and open up a few more locations around the valley.
4	We came here for dinner and really enjoyed the food and also the chance to talk to the owner and get advice on ordering.  We tried the noodles, lamb chops, dumplings and eggplant and they were all good!  We also had the sausage appetizer which comes with raw garlic cloves and is great.  Nice to see a new place in this area.
2	I wanted to like this place so badly, and I was actually thinking of giving it a second chance before writing this review. But the more I thought about it, the more I realized that I do not want to come here again.First of all, I've never eaten Taiwanese food before and I didn't really know what to order off their very extensive menu.  The first waitress couldn't help us bc she didn't speak English.  The second waitress was just generally unhlepful in making recommendations or explaining what the different dishes were.We ended up ordered a squid and vegetable dish and a kung pao chicken dish.  They took SOOOOO long to come out!  After 20 minutes of waiting we find out that there is a problem with the rice cooker sothat's why everything is taking so long.  Finally, after 30+ minutes the squid dish comes out.  The "vegetables" in the dish were JUST cabbage.  And the squid was just the frozen, pre-cut kind that you can buy at the store.The kung pao chicken was slightly better and in a very flavorful, savory sauce.  But the rice was still soggy when it came out, even though it took 45 minutes for us to get it.so yeah, I wanted to like this place and I always root for independent small business owners, but this place was just not good enough to warrant a second visit.
5	This place is pretty good. I was a little nervous because it was brand new when I first went but everything was so good that I ended up coming back two more times over the next two weeks. The service is so-so, yes not everyone speaks English without an accent but I think that is probably a good sign when it comes to eating at a place like this. The owner (I think he's the owner anyway) is super nice and pretty funny. The food came out quickly for us and the fried red bean buns were sooooooo good. Try the eggplant with garlic sauce- it's really delicious. I also get the watermelon smoothie which is really refreshing and good. The restaurant is kind of tiny and it's usually pretty full. Everything is also really well priced. They give pretty good suggestions and all my friends who eat a lot of authentic Chinese/Taiwanese food loved it! Said it was the best in the valley.
5	The best Taiwanese restaurant in town period!They handmade the noodle in the house. The beef noodle soup is huge!! The price really reasonable(cheaper than I though).
5	The beef noodle soup is delicious! The 3 cup chicken is not bad too... They are having a promotion with free watermelon smoothie which tastes great.. I ordered a taro slush and it was fantastic... Will definitely be back again
3	There was no sign on top of the building like all the other stores but there is sign posted in the window of the restaurant.  If I did not call to find their location, we would have miss it.  Ok, so the 3 of us ordered a ton of food:Big dumplings - Ok very doughyBoiled dumplings - GoodPot stickers  - GoodBeef cakes - Where is the beef?  Mostly doughFried Tofu - GREAT!  The sauce is so good.Chicken with hand shaved noodles - Fried chicken was good, hand shaved noodles were too thick and some not fully cookedFried pork with "stuff" over rice - I only tasted the pork, it was goodThe service was ok.  But after the meal for 4 to 5 hours laters, we were constantly so thirsty.  I drank 6 bottles of water.  Maybe too much MSG?
4	Food 4/5 tried beef noodle and 3 cup chicken.. pretty good and authenticService 4/5 Wait time 3/5 can be better. Waited 20 mins for my food to be served with 2 tables of customer.Price 4/5 affordable Overall 4/5 def will be back again
5	This place is excellent!I have been searching for a great takeout place in the Tempe area for a while now and I believe I have found it! After browsing through yelp I discovered Henry's and checked out their website. Turns out that this restaurant and I both hail from the same city. Seattle! Henry's Taiwan Kitchen just recently opened their first location outside of the Northwest and it couldn't be in a more perfect place for me! Naturally once I knew this I felt inclined to try it out and I have to say that I am quite happy that I did!Let me first say that they folks running the location are incredibly friendly. I asked for recommendations because I always like to eat what the restaurant takes pride in. Once they found out that I was from Seattle as well they were ecstatic, even providing me with a free Watermelon Smoothie while I waited for my to-go order.The man behind the counter suggested the Beef-Bing but an older gentleman in a chef's hat claimed that their Potstickers were the best I'd ever eat! I decided to take his advice and go with the Potstickers. They were good and rather crispy on the bottom but maybe not "the best". They insisted that I try the Beef Noodle Soup if ordering just for one. Admittedly I had never tried the dish before but it was absolutely delicious! Generous amounts of meat and noodles populated the incredibly flavorful broth. Since I was ordering only for myself there were plenty of leftovers too! I encourage anybody who enjoys Taiwanese cuisine to give Henry's a try. I intend to make myself known as a regular here among the staff!
4	Now this is a Taiwan/Chinese restaurant. The only negative thing is the smell of the "stinky tofu." If someone orders it, it is very off-putting. But heck, I don't know of another restaurant in Phoenix that serves it. Side note: I still will not try/eat stinky tofu. The food here is really tasty. During lunch time, you can order 4 "plates" but only have to pay for 3. I think it is between 11am - 2pm. I didn't really think it was too pricey. My friend and I ordered: Beef Tendon in Chili Oil Sauce, Beef Bing, Lion's Head Meatballs Over Rice, & Signature Crispy -Fried tofu. Beef Tendon in Chili Oil - Very tasty, reminded me of my mom's home cooking. Beef Bing - very disappointing, at least for me. It is simply a steamed beef dumpling. Lion's Head Meatball's Over Rice - this was wonderful. It again reminded me of my mom's home cooking. And the sauce, I wanted to order more rice to just finish off the sauce. Signature Crispy-Fried tofu - This was good, but the tofu had no flavor. I understand that in general tofu really has no flavor, but I wanted it to blow me away. Still it was good, you would just need to add soy sauce or something. I all, I would come back here and I really want my parents to try this place. Of course they'll order the stinky tofu, so I will not be sitting with them.
5	I had the pleasure of filming their yelp commercial and Henry had me taste every dish he put in the spot. I was really blown away with the flavor, texture, taste. This place is amazing and the prices are resonable. I for sure will be taking my man back with me to experience this place. Seriously, the food was beyond good!!!
5	Love their taiwanese dishes. Their stinky tofu and beef noodle soup are incredible, better than Chinatown in Boston and downright authentic.
5	Excellent Taiwanese food! Everything was very delicious, fresh and fragrant! We had the fishball soup and squid with vegetables both were so good! The staff was very friendly even with it being super busy and even gave us a complimentary Watermelon juice andTaiwanese sausage appetizer! It very authentic and reminded me of the food I eat when I visit my family in Taiwan!
4	visiting from Southern California and was craving Taiwanese food. very good overall and service is excellent. got the ja jiang mian there and niu rou mian (beef noodle soup) to go. Both very good and don't make you feel heavy after eating it like some places. only reason it's 4/5 stars us because they don't have dan dan mian on the menu and couldn't make it when I asked for it. You gotta have dandan....even if it's secret menu status (like in n out)
5	This place was GREAT!I happen to live right across the street from this place and always pass it walking across the lot to the gym. One lazy sunday upon awakening with a roaring stomach, no desire to cook, still tired and slightly hungover, I decided to give this palce a try for take out. Upon entering the place, I noticed most of the customers eating here were of asian decent, seeing asian patrons at an asian restaurant tells me the food is legit. I was greeted right away by a man at the counter(who I am assuming is the owner). I asked him what noodles does he recommend, I went with the pan fried shaven noodles. For a drink, he recommended I tried an asian apple soda(which was great, by the way). As i waited for my food, he brought me some water and also a sample of a taro smoothie, which was AWESOME! My food was ready pretty quickly. The noodles were pretty thick, pan fried to perfection, No need for any sauce at all, topped with a crispy breaded chicken, HUGE portions. Overall, I would definitely come back and recommend this place, the service is what ultimately had me give them 5 stars =)
3	i've been to the tempe location twice, the first time to sample the stinky tofu, the second out of convenience. given how polarizing stinky tofu is, i'm going to guess henry's stinky tofu wasn't authentic given how inoffensive it is to the nose. there's off-scent, but easily overcome. i also tried the black pepper chicken tenders and tainan danzai noodle soup, suggested by phoenix new times, which were decent.
4	They don't have a sign on top so look for signage in the window. The place is in the LA Fitness plaza. Tables were full throughout my lunchtime visit on a Sunday. Pretty solid food. We ordered the following:Tendons in chili oil: Great texture and spicy chills. A little bit too oily, but it hit my tendon craving. FYI, tendon may look like, but  is NOT, fat. Stinky tofu: definitely not for the non-adventurous palate/nose. Smells kind of like you're at a farm...Nonetheless, I still ate my half of the dish without problems.Xiao long bao (XLB, soup dumplings): A little too dry for my taste. Ask for a soup spoon to eat the traditional way with some vinegar and/or soy sauce. They should serve this with sliced ginger. 3 cup chicken: Hearty, satisfying dish. Lots of chicken cooked down in a wonderful sauce reminiscent of home-cooked family meals. Only downside was the very bony chicken. We didn't order any noodle dishes but they looked quite tasty at neighboring tables. Prices looked reasonable on the menu but came out to just under $20/person with tax and tip. Maybe we were just hungry and ordered a lot? I will be back, maybe on a weekday lunch where they offer 4 dishes for the price of 3 (cheapest item comped).
4	Garlic eggplants were good, pork chops over rice were good too !
2	The stinky tofu was OK but I have had much better. It wasn't stinky enough and inside had the texture of a sponge The kimchi that came with the tofu was downright wimpy. I had a noodle dish that was way too oily. There was very little meat on it.Service wasn't that friendly or helpful.There are many other Chinese restaurants that offer better values and better food so I see no reason to recommend this one. Except for a few items this restaurant is ordinary Chinese food and bears little resemblance to real Taiwanese.
4	The waitstaff was really informative and passionate about their Taiwanese food.  They patiently and enthusiastically explained their favorite dishes on the menu  and explained the story behind them.Portions are generous (well, maybe not the appetizers) and a good deal.  They cater to the nearby ASU students.I liked the garlic eggplant, which is surpising because I usually hate eggplant dishes.  The Beef Noodle soup was also tasty and I would conside just ordering this and this only next time I go.  And there will be  a nex time.
4	Henry's Taiwan Kitchen is a nice addition to the the Tempe area. Been here a few times and will surely be back for more. It is hard to find these kind of flavors and so far they have been very tasty.Inside is very casual with gold colored painted walls. Seating is comfortable with a TV available in the corner. Nice menu with a good selection of choices. Some items are Chinese while others have more of a Taiwanese influence.Ordered the Chef's Beef Noodle Soup and the Oyster Omelet on my first visit. I had asked for extra spicy soup and was not disappointed. Next visit went with some Wontons in Chili Sauce and the famous Three Cup Chicken. They were both very delicious and put a smile on my face.The Three Cup Chicken was so good that I will definitely be reproducing it at home. Would probably use boneless thighs instead of drumsticks. This would make it easier to eat and give you more meat per square inch. YUM!Service is friendly and somewhat helpful. The younger female server seemed a bit new to the restaurant scene and kept pacing back and forth across the floor. Made me a bit nervous and sadly took my attention away from the food. No need to panic. Food brought me right back in the zone as soon as she stopped.Located in the LA Fitness shopping center next to the drive thru liquor store. No signage on the building at the time of writing this review. This place has a lot of potential so give them a shout out. ENJOY!4 STARS
5	Loved it! The waiter gave us a little background story and made his suggestions. We ordered a couple things to get a good taste of what they have to offer and it was all amazing. Yum!! Will definitely be going back for more!
5	Just came back from Taiwan a couple months ago and I've been craving for a good Taiwanese place to go.Henry's Taiwan Kitchen is simple and authentic.No fancy nonsense, just good food at a reasonable price.Yay for Taiwanese food in Arizona!!
5	Phenomenal Taiwanese cooking. Tastes closer to traditional home cooking than typical (and terrible) americanized Chinese food. The eggplant in garlic sauce will blow your mind, and the 3 cup chicken was the best version I've ever had.Would like to see a slightly larger dim sum menu, but its much, much better than any dim sum place in AZ
3	I have been reading reviews about this place for a while and yesterday I was finally able to drag my better half with me to check it out. It was ok.  Gods I hate to say that when I am so freaking excited about trying someplace new!  But...it was just ok.My fella got the pan fried, hand shaved noodles with shrimp.  I got the garlic sauce eggplant.  We split shortrib soup.I LOVED the garlic eggplant!!  Holy moly!  Such an amazing flavor.  My fella kept going after mine :)       The garlic is perfect, there is the perfect amount of sauce, and ya just keep going back for moreBuuuttt...the hand shaved noodles?  Kinda sucky.  Maybe my palette is not refined enough?  Maybe thicker stickier noodles are the new "it thing"?  Just not sure.    Both my fella and I just didn't like 'em.  Just bland and plain grossAnd sadly the soup wasn't too great either.  Very heavy on the cornstarch.    But darn it!  I am NOT giving up!!!  I want to love this place!!!  The staff are so motivated and so genuinely nice!  They will describe any dish, tell you what is popular and their favorites.        I will be coming be back and I am excited to try other things on the menu
4	Love this place with all my heart.  If you are tired of the typical Asian cuisine, step outside of your comfort zone (sushi, pho and Thai) and give this place a shot.  Clean, great service and healthy food.
5	oh my. I just came from my first meal at this place and I can't believe how delicious everything was. I really was expecting run of the mill Chinese food (I didn't exactly know what Taiwanese food is like) but I got so much more. I ordered the hand shaved noodles, pan fried with mixed veggies and my beau got the 3-cup chicken. Holy crap! I think we might have ordered the two best dishes on the menu. With each bite my eyes would grow wide and I would hum a little to myself, it was that delicious.The pan fried noodles were garlicky and delicious. The noodles were thick and chewy, exactly how I like them. It's like each noodle almost has the consistency of meat. It was yummy and filling. The veggies were bok choy, bean sprouts, carrots, and green onions. There was also egg.The 3-cup chicken had the best flavor! It was a ginger/teriyaki (?) sauce and the chicken was cooked just right. Tender in the right places and crispy in the right places. I believe leaving the chicken on the bone also lent to the delicious flavor.We ordered two taro drinks. My boyfriend got it prepared in the regular way with milk and I got mine made with soy milk (because I can't do dairy), both were lovely. The server didn't want to make it with soy because he didn't know how it would come out, but I insisted and it was great. We also had the red bean donut for desert. I missed the sesame outside, but the donut itself was warm and delicious and not too sweet.I was very pleasantly surprised to find this place down the block from my house. It's a medium/small-sized restaurant with a good amount of tables, but I probably wouldn't bring a big group (6+) here on a weekend.One small tip, don't sit at either of the 2 tables by the door in the winter. Every time the door would open I could feel the polar vortex chill my bones.
1	worse excuse for beef noodle soup.  just disappointing.soup was off-flavor, nothing close to Taiwanesenoodles were soggy, meat was overcooked like you left it in the broth cooking for awhile
2	Generally, the food is okay.  Not bad, but not particularly good.  However, the service was awful.  We had to wait 30 minutes to get a table for five, and even after they seated us, it took them another 10 minutes to bring the menu.  We ordered six dishes.  They came out one at a time, which seems a little absurd -- we eat family-style, fortunately so we shared, but what would have happened if we ordered our own dishes for ourselves?  The waiter/waitress was slow at refilling water and bringing us plates.  We ordered a large soup to share -- it didn't get to the table till the very end, and they even neglected to bring bowls and spoons.  Really, the food was okay, and it took almost two hours to eat because the service was so slow.  My family is from Taiwan, and the dishes were not spectacular -- very average, in my opinion.Based on this first impression, we will not return.
5	I live right down the street and am always looking for new places to grab take out on a busy evening. I found Henry's while perusing yelp one hungry evening. The reviews are pretty accurate this place is great. The egg drop soup was amazing. My roommate and split the garlic eggplant (huge chucks of garlic cloves) and Henrys hand shaved noodles with chicken, friend style (Chicken was great, lots of bean sprouts). Both were amazing. The food is oily but I mean its Asian so that's to be expected. Ive been there four times now to eat in or get take out and every time I am the only white person in there so it must be good! Normally Im not a fan of Chinese food but this is not your run of the mill place.
5	This is the next best thing to being in Taiwan.  The food is remarkably authentic and delicious.  I usually get the fried pork cutlet meal which includes rice, some pickled vegetables, bok choy, and a hard boiled egg.   It reminds me of the little bento lunches you get at Taiwanese train or bus stations.
3	Had some take out tonight to try it out out of curiosity. Had to give it 3 stars, woulda gave it 4 if it wasn't for their frustrating service. What got me more steamed than their dim sum was that when I called in the order they had a hard time understanding me. I had to order one item over 4 times. I speak English by the way, but them... Not so much. Then when I got there, it was a total cluster f--- with orders everywhere on the counter. Didn't even take my name when I ordered so they had to rummage thru the orders and they had to ask what I ordered. To my dismay my chicken in henrys stir fried noodles was not cooked thru. I had to call to tell them in which they said they would tell the chef. Luckily the other food, lions meatballs and crispy tofu was better than their English and service. But who goes to Chinese food joints for their service anyways right?
4	Like another reviewer, I'm glad to find a Chinese (Taiwanese) place that isn't run-of-the-mill (Even though this one's ON Mill; hurhurhur). You aren't gonna find deep-fried cream cheese wontons here, or other Americanized drivel; the food here is all wonderfully spiced and authentic enough for yank yokels like me.I had the pepper spiced beef. It comes with a boiled fermented egg and some kind of fermented greenery. It's a large portion, and very tasty and satisfying.The service here is great, too. They're eager to help and answer all of your questions about some of the less recognizable items on the menu. The prices are not sky-high, either.A look at their website lets you know that they're really into their restaurant and its aesthetics, as it's very nicely built and modern. Anyway, check this place out.
4	All I can say is, if you see a review of an Asian restaurant by my fellow long-time yelper, Lester C., and he likes it, the place is most assuredly, worth checking out. All I can say is I concur with this assessment and this is one authentic Asian restaurant. It literally reminded me of eating at places back in Hong Kong.I had the squid with Chinese Veggies (Bok Choy - e.g. Napa Cabbage), which was in a light oyster sauce with dried green peppers and a side of rice. Decent an the rice was nice and sticky, perfect when one is using chop sticks. If was just this though, I would have gone with three stars - the real star of the show, one might say the 4th star, was the house made dumplings in chil sauce (also made in house) - the menu says it is a 15 minutes for the dish and that is because, as far as I can tell, they don't make them till you order them - the dumpling skin was silky smooth and the dumplings burst with flavor when you eat them - a bowl of six is about $5 but that with rice is worth a light meal. I plan to try some other dishes but this will likely remain my favorite.Oh, one other thing, my dining companion, who ordered the Kung Pau chicken (it is not like Panda Express but it was ordered by several people) comes with what I would call a tea egg - the shell is cracked all over and when you peel it dark salty broth comes out and the egg is mottled with the color of the broth - I might call this a soy egg more than a tea egg but it is delicious and a common street food snack, if I remember correctly, in many parts of Asia. All I know is, between the egg and the hand made dumplings, I'm definitely coming back for more. :-)
1	Waited forever !!! All the Togo orders were done and sit there for an hour! Our order came after two big tables came after us ( one hour later ) One whole family waited for long time then left ! No apologies or smiles! The food were not even taste good after long waited, missed, & came out the wrong orders! I'm so disappointed & upset !!!
5	Absolutely fantastic food! We had the Kung pao chicken and potstickers. Very delicious and extremely low priced!
1	How do I give less than one star?  Not sure.  If you are Asian and know Taiwanese or Chinese food, this is not the place to go.  Service is horrible and the owner of the place has an attitude.  Our food wasn't serve timely.  The main dishes came, finished, then appetizer still didn't show up.  Drinks are horrible.  Beef noodle soup was the worst I've had.  Just don't come
2	I was hungry for dishes remind me of my childhood. So when I discovered HTK I wanted to try it the first chance I got. My hubby and I went about 6 weeks ago. We were fine with the restaurant's modest decor and so-so service. I ordered fermented fried stinky tofu, oyster omelet, preserved white radish omelet, rice and tea.The stinky tofu had ok flavor, but they cut it too small, so there was not enough tender tofu in the center. The surface was crunchy which was good, but with so little soft tofu in the middle, it tasted too chewy. The radish omelet was pretty good, like how I remembered it. But the oyster omelet was not so great. It had too much starch and was not hot. Having oyster in the dish, this needs to be eaten hot. Luke warm or cold makes it not enjoyable.
2	This place holds the crown as the worst service in town. Their waiters are rude and definitely inexperienced. Besides, it took 30min for our foods and another 30min for the bills!! That's outrageous!The dishes here are fine. Try the chef's beef noodle soap or 3 cup chicken. They are good flavor. But, the potion is so tiny. I ordered the honey mustard lamb chop. It turned out to be 2 small pieces of lamb chops. It's far from enough even for a girl.
5	This is the best place for Taiwanese food and snacks in Tempe. The service is great and the food is also phenomenal. There isn't a single thing on the menu that I've tried that has been bad. I can't stop coming back for more!
1	Food was not good.  Service was the worst.  Together, I rather eat at Burger King since it is in the same plaza.  Let's just go over service to not waste time.  We ordered an appetizer along with other dishes.  Finished our food, waited 10 mins to get a chance tell them that we wanted the bill and to tell them that one of our dishes never came, so it can be taken off the bill.  After another 10mins, the appetizer was out and owner Henry looked at us and said with a bad attitude, "you know we have to throw away the food if you don't want it, right?"   Still no check. Yes, I know.  In fact, I think we ALL know.  Did you know how long we waited for it?  Did you think I ordered it for fun?  You know I ordered it because I want to eat it, right?  Come on. Staff up.  Serve your food timely.  Make better food.  Just in case if you don't know.  I ordered it because I want to eat it and pay for it.
3	Kinda disappointed with the food here today. Very plain for Taiwanese food. Food used to be good here. What happened? Chef change because of the new location?
2	The food was great, but a lack of staff and proper attention meant that we had to wait a while for our order (15-20 minutes) to even be taken-- and realized only after others who'd come in after us asked for their orders to be taken and were taken care of, that we had to flag somebody down to come to our table. That took another five to ten minutes. We were surprised that plain white rice is not provided with dishes. We ordered more rice when our food came, but we did not receive the rice until after we'd finished the food already served-- a while later, and so we sent it back. We asked to share a bowl of soup but were never provided with separate bowls. Or multiple soup spoons. After our bill came, we found we were charged an additional $8 and had to straighten out the bill. The person at the register was apologetic, but I was so frustrated by our whole experience that I couldn't wait to leave and had to really remind myself that she was trying her best. The food is wonderful, but this restaurant needs to be more adequately staffed with better trained waiters and servers before I will even go back for takeout. They were so overwhelmed that I am not sure I'd get what I ordered even if I ordered takeout.
4	The service was great, the portions are very large, and everything was fresh and flavorful. I particularly loved the kung-pao chicken.
4	Unlike most normal people, the smell of stinky tofu actually had me happy and excited to try out their food. We ordered: house special/chef's best beef noodle soup, xiaolong baos, and pork chop rice. After growing up in Rowland Heights, I have some pretty high standards with Chinese food and this eatery delivered. The broth for the soup was really tasty, but unfortunately the meat and noodles didn't absorb the flavor entirely (probably due to the cooking method of just boiling the contents and then dumping them into the soup?). The xiaolong baos were awesome though...you get the explosion of the soup from the dumplings with your first bite. Even though the two of us both spoke chinese with the servers, it still didn't get us any better service, so yay, at least they're not racist. Just don't expect any water refills and you'll leave happy.
1	How much can you save by giving your take out customer only half bowl of rice? Do you have to be this stingy on rice? I mean how expensive is it?!
3	This place, before the other Henry's opened up in Mesa, was the only authentic-tasting Taiwanese place. If you are looking for Taiwanese food in the valley, Henry's is certainly the place to try out. Although they do not have a very extensive menu, the food is quite good. The stinky tofu, three cup chicken, eggplant, Taiwanese sausage are all items you should try.With that said, the service (which many reviewers complain about), is in fact awful. I have been here a good amount of times now, and can only count one time  that I received some decent service. They appear to be understaffed all the time. The staff they do have are mostly ineffective. Many of the servers only speak Chinese and can't communicate in English. One time I was there, they had an English speaker, but unfortunately she did not speak any Chinese, moved slowly, and did not have knowledge of the menu. Also, the wait time is ridiculous; you have to wait to get the menu, wait to get waters, wait to order, wait for the food, wait to get your check, wait to get a box, wait to pay, and wait to get your credit card back. Need more water? You can forget about getting a refill or getting your server's attention! I don't understand this place; they have been around for some time now and still seem to not have their act together. The food is good, which is what brings me back, but they really need to focus on the service.
3	I have not been back but I might, because Henry the owner was gracious to leave a response to my feedback. In my mind if he has the sincerity to reach out to me, I should reciprocate by  giving them a second chance. I hope to try HTK again soon.
4	Black pepper steak is my favorite from the menu. By the way, the Taiwanese sausage comes out with only 13~14 tiny pieces.
2	So, in going to this place a couple'a more times I'm gonna have to knock it down some stars. HERE'S WHY:My first visit looks to be the anomaly of all the visits, where the food and service were both great. All other times I've gone, the same thing has happened: The service has been piss-poor, with the person taking our order acting like "meh." Especially annoying is that they bring out our plates one-at-a-time, so that one person is almost done by the time the other gets food. I see other tables getting plates inbetween ours, so this just makes no sense; work on one order at a time, geez.The food is also kind of hit-or-miss: sometimes you get a tasty treat and sometimes it's just a bunch of really overcooked or impossible-to-chew fatty meat atop rice. For the price, I'd like some consistency (with that "consistency" being the tasty treat).Anyway, pretty disappointed.
3	Let me start by saying I've ordered from Henry's Taiwan many times, carry out and delivery. Their food is amazingly delicious! I absolutely love their hand shaved, pan fried noodles with chicken. They're so good, they're nearly addictive. I've had good experiences when I've ordered both delivery and carry out.Things seem to be changing...I had a horrible experience a few weeks ago. I understand that they are extremely busy at times, but they have been open for some time now. This should be manageable. I called and placed an order at 8:12. At 9:09, I called again because I had yet to receive my food. I was told I would be called back within 10 minutes. I didn't receive a call back, so I called again at 9:25 and was told that they were very busy and my food was on the way. At 9:43, the delivery driver called to verify my address. They had written it down wrong. I gave my address at least 3 times during the initial call.  After all of this...nearly 2 hours after having ordered my food.....my food was lukewarm. I was severely disappointed in this. The pot stickers were somewhat rubbery....definitely not the quality I have come to know from Henry's Taiwan. My order was also wrong. After calling the restaurant, I was pleasantly surprised that they offered to give me a full refund.Tonight, I decided to give them another chance with ordering delivery. They're scheduled to close at 9, I called at 8:43. Granted, it was close to closing...but I'm a night owl and this is nothing new for me to order from them around this time. I was told it was too late, they wouldn't take my order. What a disappointment!They're food is amazing, but their service (even after second chances) is severely lacking. If you advertise that you're open and you offer delivery, you should be prepared to take late orders, these things happen. Otherwise, update your hours. Hopefully they read through these reviews and make use of constructive criticism. It's a shame for a business to have such potential, but to let it go due to horrible service.
5	I've eaten here probably once or twice a week since my friend whether dining in or having them deliver to my work down the street. I've almost tried everything and aside from the stinky tofu I just couldn't get used to(but still finished) I haven't had a dish I didn't like.
1	I thought the good was very good when it just opened. However, it seems like the food are reluctantly prepared and cooked nowadays. The service is very slow and seems like the servers there are inexperienced. Recently, I ordered  rice plate that comes with an unpeeled egg (that usually come with the rice entrees). So I asked the owner about it and he said if I want the egg to be peel then the price of the entrees would increase. And that additional increase would go into labor. I was confused because the eggs were peeled before and the price remains the same. So, since they are not peeled anymore, can I request for a lower price of the entree? I feel like the owner is making up an excuse since most of their entrees that come with eggs are not peeled anymore.Oh by the way, the cups are not clean and I see stuff floating around in the water. So it forced me to order a drink from the menu. However, most of the drinks I tried to order are not available. So why are there options on the menu? There was no indications that some of the drinks are seasonal. There is no reason for me to return to this crappy place.
2	The food was.....  unique.  Nothing like I've ever had.  So; if you're adventurous,  you might enjoy.  We went for dim sum. We've been to many dim sum locations. Usually there are many attentive service people offering choices of delicious items. After being seated with 2 menus ( for the 4 of us) we waited and waited for someone to take our order.   Finally; after placing our menus at the edge of the table and making eye contact with the waitress multiple times we finally had to say "OK we are ready to order". I noticed other people having the same troubles. Then, when we needed additional items, the girl who brought our food couldnt understand english. Salt and pepper was a chore to get. Sweet and low for mom was impossible to get.I wont be back.
5	Our Wild Dining Meetup group of 10 had a wonderful dinner at Henry's. The place was clean and bright, the food wonderful, and we were delighted with Henry and the staff. Henry chose our food, all of which was delicious and genuine Taiwanese. We had: simmered bean curd with preserved egg, beef tendon in chili oil sauce (my fave), eggplant in garlic sauce with basil, potstickers (which we ate with red vineger), egg drop soup with seaweed and cucumber, cabbage in brown sauce, 3 cup chicken in garlic sauce, classic sauteed shrimp with chopped Persian cucumbers, celery, and sweet onions, and fried rice with Taiwanese sausage. And of course, stinky tofu, which offended no-one and was sampled by several in the group. I'll definitely return for seconds of several of these, plus try some others I spotted on the menu. If you're open to real Chinese food and new tastes, you must check out Henry's!
5	I organized a Wild Dining MeetUp group of 10 people to come eat here and see for ourselves, and taste real Taiwanese food.  Everyone loved the food! Henry was out of town but drove from LA to Tempe in the wee hours, just because he knew we were coming Tues night.  We let Henry pick what dishes we were going to experience.  He picked as appetizers simmered bean curd with preserved egg,  beef tendon in chili oil sauce (one of my 2 favorite dishes, the other  being eggplant in garlic sauce with basil), and potstickers, which we ate with red vinegar.  Soup was egg drop with seaweed and cucumber.  Dishes were 1. cabbage (in a brown sauce), 2.  Three cup chicken (Chinese eat dark meat only) 3.  Eggplant in garlic sauce, melts in you mouth  4.  Classic sauteed shrimp (with chopped Persian cucumbers, celery, and sweet onions)  4.  Fried rice with Taiwanese sausage.  The food came RIGHT AWAY, and the service was great, taking our empty dishes away from table, extra napkins when we needed them, water, red vinegar, stack of take-out boxes,  the check, we did not have to ask for anything, it was all done for us with perfect timing, and our waiter spoke good English!Henry tried to talk us out of ordering the stinky tofu, but we still wanted to sample it.  He told us one customer bet Henry $10  he would like it.   He said he liked anything.   Well Henry won $10.  Another lady didn't like it, but asked for a take-out box for it.   Henry was so surprised she wanted to take it home.  I said "She wanted to give it to the dog!"   Henry said, "She said she was taking it home for her mother-in-law!"   I said , "THAT will keep her mother-in-law away!  Well,  I could smell it before they brought it to the table, when it was still in the kitchen!  I said "Stinky tofu is coming!   I can smell it!" Sure enough, here it came.  It smells like really bad foot odor , rotten fish, or "smegma".   It was crispy fried tofu, which was very boring inside as tofu is, but the sauce was really stinky.  The sauce gave the boring bland tofu memorable character!  I happen to love limburger cheese.  We discussed that none of us would probably order it again, but we were adventurous, and were glad we tried it the first time.  When I got home with my takeout boxes, I was still obsessing how good the food was.  So I opened the take-out cartons and couldn't stop eating, even tho I was very full!  Crunching the Persian cucumbers and celery was so satisfying from that take-out box.  One woman in our group had been to China several times.  She said Henry's was way better than any authentic food she had on her China trips.  My relatives took me to their country clubs, where they thought the best Chinese food was, for me to sample on my first visit to Hong Kong.  I didn't think that food was any better than what Henry served us.  I can't wait to go back to try more dishes!  I want to try the beef noodle soup.  And now I want to try Henry's Private Kitchen, his other restaurant, even though it cost more.  Some of our group already said they would join me.
4	What a wonderful evening! Henry, the owner, was very personable and offered to take care of the menu for us. He was constantly sending out food at lightening speed. It was delicious and was a nice wide variety. I especially loved the cabbage, chicken, and eggplant. The service was excellent and the company was stimulating. Typical strip mall atmosphere so that's why only 4 stars.
5	Just had a wonderful experience at Henry's as part of a Meetup group. What a wonderful experience! We asked Henry to make up a "banquet" for us, and he certainly delivered.My favorite dishes were the bean curd (cut in strips) with preserved egg, the cabbage (simple but so tasty!), and the eggplant - so garlicky, just the way I like it!. The egg drop soup is a classic, but a little different than how I've ever had it, and also very tasty. And yes, I tried the stinky tofu! It really doesn't smell that bad to me - maybe it's my sinuses - but I guess you could compare it to Limberger cheese. It has a sort of fried crust, with the soft bland tofu inside. The service was excellent (although perhaps because Henry was personally supervising), and the atmosphere is bright and very clean, with gold-painted walls.It's a very small restaurant, so I wouldn't go on a weekend night, it must be a madhouse.If I lived closer, this would become my "go-to" Chinese restaurant, but even with a nearly 45 minute drive away, I'm definitely coming back soon!
2	Our family first went Henry's kitchen 9 months ago, this place definitively delivered the most authentic Taiwanese cuisine in town upon new open. However, food quality and service deteriorates over time. And tonight was the worst experience ever. I ordered black pepper chicken as usual, service was slow :( amount was small :( taste was off :( and what really pissed me off is that, my plate was NOT prepared by a professional chef, instead it was a colleague student-like temp in charge of the entire kitchen... I will give them no more chance, period.
5	It's nice to have some variety in the Asian food availible in AZ. China is a big place, and the cooking is different in other regions influenced by French and Japanese colonization...and Buddhism. I was disappointed they didn't offer green onion or tarro cakes; but other than that there are a lot of the things you would find in Taiwan here. My favorite is the crispy tofu pillows ...if you haven't had them, you have not eaten tofu correctly yet. I like to have soy sauce with garlic to dip the crispy tofu in (the sauce they use is different tho...this is a suggestion for home).For the meat lover try the tendon dishes...also excellent.  The quality of the food is great...Henry is a well known Seattle chef; I have no idea how we ripped him away from the beautiful northwest, but it's the best thing that happened to Tempe since the Cornish Pasty.I would like a different ambience in the restaurant...its very informal and bright...but I think that's what makes it comfortable for the style of food. It's not really a date night spot, this is perhaps where you get take out to stay in with a movie, or a place to go relax after some outdoors activity (golf/park/mill ave festival, etc). I don't remember if they served alcohol, but this is not the place to drink or stay for a while.They deliver; my roommate from Taiwan orders from there weekly, because he doesn't have a car and it's easier than cooking for himself (the ingredients are hard to find).
1	I strongly suggest this restaurant having a "what we don't offer today" menu, it could be very helpful when ordering, saves much time. Also if you come in their employee lunch time, be prepared to wait, they will keep you wait until they finish.
4	Have been here a few times now.  Each time I'm impressed by how fast the food comes out and how many people are enjoying themselves.  The place is small.  Not recommended for giant groups.  I'd stick to a group of four or at most six.  Four is perfect, enough to try a large variety of foods.  You can be as adventurous as you like.  They have fried stinky tofu covered in kimchee (pretty darn adventurous) to fried large intestine, (downright challenging).  For people who are more novices to the joys of Taiwanese style cuisine, try the shaved noodles.  Chewy, fat tender pieces of dough are stir fried with vegetables and your choice of protein.  I have a weakness for "three cup chicken".  I think it is equal parts of soy sauce, sugar and wine.  The chicken pieces come out a beautiful sticky brown, both crunchy and sweet.  It's positively addictive.  Depending on what you order, it can be a little spendy, the dishes are small and meant to be shared.  Think of it as Asian tapas or more filling dimsum.  Happy adventuring!
5	Tell u a tip about how to distinguish a good Chinese restaurant  or not. You just need to see how many Asian people are eating at the restaurant. The more Asian people the better the restaurant is. This place is the good one. Food flavor is just what Taiwanese food should be. I strongly recommend this place to people who want real Asian food.
2	Food is still ok here but the service was horrible. I don't care if your watching the World Cup bring me water, bring my appetizer before I finish my meal, and don't  bring me plain pot stickers with no sauces or sauce dishes cuz you are focused on a game your not even playing! Your business might do better if you brought in better employees and get rid of the tall guy with glasses who was rude and doesn't know the first thing about service.
3	First time here for me and my Taiwanese wife. The food was good. We shared 3-cup chicken, cold beef tendon w/ chili sauce, beef pies and stinky tofu. OK, she ate the stinky tofu. I tasted it once in Taiwan and that was enough for me. I have no complaints with the food although I am fairly sure that the 3-cup chicken was heated (or reheated) in a microwave. The sauce was really good, but like traditional Taiwanese cooking, the chicken was cut up into small pieces with bones in. I know that conveys "authentic" to some, but I don't want to have to work that hard and get my hands all messy with sauce to eat. Boneless chicken would just make this dish spectacular in my opinion. The service was typically efficient and not overly friendly and/or chatty. Food was relatively quick to come out and my wife did enjoy it as traditional Taiwanese. One other thing, and fairly common in Asian restaurants was the thermostat was reading 80-81 degrees. I don't want to sweat while I eat either. If we happen to be close by, we might return, but I don't think we would make a special trip to eat here again.
2	First time here today me and my husband, i don't like their Taiwanese traditional dishes and actually the price little higher compared with food quality.
5	Uber yum... You must tryLooked up "Taiwan" under restaurants in Yelp! craving some home-style cuisine. Found Henry's Taiwan Kitchen, loaded the fam, and off we went.  Average strip-mall location, but that's outweighed by great food.  You can keep it affordable by ordering a sane number of dishes. We did not.  Eager to sample, I ordered way more than I should have.  On the positive, I had four cartons of food for lunch the day after.Hot and Sour Soup? Superb and like my Ma's.  Authentic options?  Yup.  Our six year-old loved the dau jiang and dan bing (cold soybean milk + egg pancake stick), which is a traditional breakfast in Taiwan.  On the dim sum part of the menu, we had the boiled dumpling, fried dumplings, and stinky tofu.  All were very good, though we weren't as much a fan of the stinky tofu, which is served with kimchi and is missing the fermented sauce that my wife and I are used to. Not bad mind you, but not what we were looking for.The Chef's Specialties were the best part of the menu.  The Three Cup Chicken and the Henry's Noodle's were truly superb.  I had forgotten this type of excellent garlic flavor and thick noodles and was reminiscing of time spent in Taiwan as a kid.  The ginger and chili pepper flavors of the Three Cup Chicken were equally memorable-- just be careful with the small bones with this cut of chicken.Simply wonderful!  And next time, we'll try some hot pot/shabu shabu.  I want to see Henry's skill with that defining Taiwanese cuisine.
4	Get into the restaurant, its food of brings us to think how far from where we have been. The air of Taiwan.
4	We dropped into Henry's Taiwan Kitchen for lunch. Having been in Taiwan, I was familiar with the food, and was looking forward to trying it.First on the menu was soup dim sum. I had last had these in Shanghai and remembered them fondly. Except for being smaller, they were identical to what I had overseas. Dumplings filled with meat, and then filled with delicious soup and sealed. When  you bite into it, the soup floods your mouth, and then you get to bite into the wonderful filling.Next, was Beef Tendon in Chile Oil. Delightfully chewy and spicy. Next was Eggplant with Garlic. Soft and tender, it was a mouth watering experience to eat it. We also tried the signature dish of Crispy Fried Tofu. Normally, I can take tofu or leave it, as it usually is just a bland taste in the mouth, but this was a whole new experience. A beautiful, crispy outside with a tasty, soft inside. I'd easily order this again and again.We also sampled the Bean Curd Tofu with Preserved Egg. The Pidyin was perfectly matched to the tofu, and my only complaint might have been that I would have enjoyed even more of the Pidyin. Next time I go, I want to try the Miso Glazed Black Cod. This dish was first made by Nobu in New York, and when properly made is like being in heaven.Henry also has another more eclectic restaurant in Mesa which features even more Taiwanese dishes. I find myself wondering if he has Mau Tai there. I'll have to go review it to find out!There isn't much atmosphere at this restaurant, but the service is attentive and the food is great. I'll be back for more.
4	I'm always looking for different types of Chinese food in the Valley so I was excited to try this place out. The food was better than the overall rating they have. You could tell the noodles were made from scratch along with the pork dumplings. The Chef's Beef noodles were delicious with lots of great flavor.  You generally know when a Chinese restaurant is good when you see other Chinese people there too. The next time I go I will definitely try the stinky tofu along with a few of the other dumpling options there.
4	The food was yummy but not the best.  They had a lot of different selections of Taiwanese food.  We got the steamed pork baos (xiao long bao), potstickers, and beef noodles.  I enjoyed each of them but it wasn't over the top WOW!Steamed pork baos- a lot better than ones you make at home that's for sure but dont expect the perfection of Din Tai Fung, this was my favoritePotstickers- The outer part was cooked perfectly, however, the filling could have used more salt/seasoning.  Even though you dip it in soy sauce/vinegar somehow there's water inside that comes out and makes it bland. Beef noodles- Spicy (for my taste) but good.  Don't expect a traditional beef noodle broth, it's more like a hot and sour soup taste.  Different from the norm but yummy, I can just imagine rainy days and this dish, YUM.Great place if you want to try Taiwanese food.  Decently priced too.
4	I hadn't been back after my last visit because I was not happy with their service. Came here at lunch today and the service is a million times better! Food here is always good so I will start frequenting this place a lot more.
4	So being Taiwanese and with the cuz visiting, we decided to opt for trying out this joint.  I had seen the review on Phoenix New Times and was intrigued... plus stinky tofu anywhere warranted at least a try.  We hit this place up and our first impression of the store front was that it was kind of empty... granted the location wasn't optimal in a deadish plaza, but it's cool.  I'm more of a food quality critic than a mood quality one anyways.We were seated right away, but I can tell you right off the bat, that much like most Chinese places, you didn't come for the service.  The waiter was very meh and the service he provided was meh as well.  Not a problem as in my mind, meh service equals meh tip so it was no strain on my back.Cuz and I ordered a variety of selection to get a broad taste of what Henry's had to offer:Stinky Tofu with Garlic KimchiWonton in Chili SauceSteamed Pork BaosChef Henry's Beef Noodle SoupAzuki ManjuStinky Tofu with Garlic Kimchi - 3/5The tofu was indeed a decent stinky, but not stinky enough for me I'm afraid.  It had good flavor and the garlic soy based sauce that was drizzled on it was tasty, but just didn't pack the punch for a Taiwan native such as myself.  I had a feeling that it was stinked down for the AZ crowd; understandable but made for a lackluster appearance.  The garlic kimchi was made culturally correct: pickled cabbage (as opposed to Napa that Koreans use), but it wasn't garlicky or vinegary or spicy enough for me.  In fact, it was kind of bland.  Usually, it's a bit of a palate cleanser with the stinky tofu but in this case, I felt like I was just eating crunchy flavorless cabbage.  Brought the dish down 1 star.Wonton in Chili Sauce - 4/5The wontons were delicious and I believe had more than just ground pork in them.  It looked like possibly Mu-Er (a type of fungi) and it gave the wontons great textural taste.  It had great visual presence with plenty of cilantro and the perfect blend of garlic and peanut.  However, the lack of spicy punch that should accompany this dish was a little disappointing.  Even after asking for additional chili oil to add, it didn't get any spicier.  Thus the 4 stars.Steamed Pork Baos - 5/5Worth, worth, worth.  Yes, this is no Din Tai Fung, but it was pretty damn tasty.  Skin was a little thicker than you would find at Din Tai Fung, but the pork, the soup that poured out when you bit in, definitely way beyond my expectation for a place in AZ.  If this was California, I'd probably give it 4 stars, but I'm not about to fly to Cali just to eat steamed pork baos, so I'll take what I can get and tell you this is WORTH.  I only wish they gave us some julienned ginger and vinegar to eat, because that is definitely the way to eat these.Chef Henry's Beef Noodle Soup - 5/5The noodles were definitely hand-made with great texture, the beef was tender, the soup delish... everything screamed authentic.  I must admit that my mama can make it better, but my mama ain't here so this is worth ordering and eating for those who don't know the godliness of Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup.  Try it.  You will find that nobody makes soup noodles better than the Chinese peeps.Azuki Manju - 2/5So, I have to say, that this was not what I expected when ordering this.  It was very doughy, and not even the excellent filling could save it.  I would not order this again.  It was like an attempt at pan fry, but tasted like mehness and was such a disappointment for an end of a relatively delish meal.  I would just forgo this dish the next time around and recommend to the restaurant that they take it off the menu.  It isn't doing the restaurant any favors.Overall, I'm excited to try other things, and will definitely be back.  The only other table at the restaurant when we were there had ordered numerous rice plates that looked and smelled bomb-diggity, so Henry's is worth coming back for.  If you've never eaten home-cooked Taiwanese food, this place is a gentle ease into the scene.Rating: Service - 2/5Price - 3/5 (Some mismatch prices to portion for apps and dessert)Food - 4.5/5
2	The 3 cup chicken had good flavor, but the chicken pieces used were horrible. Fatty, had tendons in it and bones. The chili wontons were good though
2	Food was ok, service was the worst I have ever seen in the history of takeout! 7 on a Wednesday night, ordered, at 745 I am told 15 more minutes for rice.....my Kung Pow was iced cold, then to make maters worse rhe three three spngy dinner rolls in a rice container and asked if id be ok with the substitution......uh, no! First off, I ordered to cups of rice and you sub 1 container of nasty bread, second "who eats kung Pow without a grain of rice anyways?
4	Of my five days in Phoenix, Henry's Taiwan Kitchen was the most memorable dining experience. Everything we ordered was amazing. The three cup chicken, grain mash pork chops, dumplings, minced pork rice, crispy tofu. Everything I put in my mouth was awesome. Well almost everything...I have heard the legend that people would line up for the stinky tofu food truck on the streets of NYC. You could smell the pungent tofu from 5 blocks away. In fact, I have heard tales that it triggered migraines and seizures from 10 blocks away. Well, I have been avoiding a head to head battle with this beast of a tofu until this glorious day. We first engage in a stare off, and I can see the tofu hot and steaming.  I take a deep breath of air, and it brings me back to the sulfur springs of St. Lucia. The walls seem to close in on us. I can hear the crowd chanting, "Finish him!" with utensils banging in unison. I take the first bite, and swallow as fast as possible before my taste buds can register a signal to my brain. I take another strike, trying to numb my brain of all senses. I keep telling myself this is an acquired taste, the more I eat, the better it will taste. I take another jab. But my senses have turned against me and has translated and equivalate this experience to eating flower fertilizer in the spring. I can acquire no more. FOOD triumphs over MAN today. A humbling experience. Will there be a rematch? Probably not. Even a dog averts a skunk a second time around.
4	I visit Henry's for the hand shaved pan fried noodles every time I work in Phoenix.  The food is well worth the 20 minute drive from my hotel in Scottsdale!  Friendly service and consistently good food.
5	Great little gem in South Tempe! I tried Henry's noodles with chicken in soup and the sticky rice ball. Had I known how large the portion sizes were, I would have skipped the rice ball. All was tasty, and I enjoyed the new experience and foods. Great flavors. Great service. Clean restaurant.
2	I must have walked by this place a million times on the way back from the gym and finally that carb binge that led me to check out Henry's. I had the three-cup chicken after seeing it was one of the restaurant's signature dishes. The sauce was flavorful and not as overwhelming as had been expected. From there it was all downhill. I could not take a single bite of this dish without biting into tiny shards of chicken bones embedded throughout the dish. The cleaver they used to carve up the chicken pieces was dull or the perhaps the help in the kitchen was pissed off having to come in to dice chicken around the holiday. The chicken pieces were bottom of the barrel that can't even find at food city(discount phoenix market) - dark meat, skin, ligaments, little meat remaining on the bone since it's all carved off for use in another dish - it's the stuff you would throw away at home or make soup with in a restaurant. Leave it to an Asian restaurant to find a way to leave nothing to waste and make an entree of fragmented bones. I also got the eggplant with garlic sauce. The dish on it's own is tasty but paired side by side with the three-cup chicken, leaves more to be desired. The essence of good Chinese/Taiwanese cooking has each dish coming out of the kitchen having it's own unique identity in flavor. They both had soy sauce, rice vinegar, and sugar for the base sauce garnished with the same green vegetables. The Eggplant added onions and dried chili peppers which did little to enhance the taste because the chilis were of the pre-packaged dried out variety with no flavor to release, and no effort was made to hydrate them to extract what little flavor may have been remaining before hitting the wok. If nothing else, it added some color to the dish. The rice. Who can say they've had Taiwanese food without the rice? What I was served was the bottom of the barrel. Brown skid marks from the heat. That's the stuff most Asian restaurants would save for fried rice, or better yet not serve it. This ruined the palate and brings about a question ... If a Taiwanese restaurant can't properly prepare and serve white rice, what can it competently deliver from the kitchen?The price is not commensurate with the quality product being offered with similar cuisine in the greater Tempe Chandler Mesa area but has a unique client base in proximity to asu - Taiwanese students craving Taiwanese without straying too far from campus. There are better restaurants dishing up Asian cuisine, yes, even in Arizona.
3	I ordered the beef noodle soup which I couldn't even finish because it was bad. Maybe it was because we ordered it as take-out, but the noodles were very tough/chewy and so I only ate half (which was a struggle). The beef was far too fatty.
