4	The Trailhead Bike Shop and Cafe is a new bike shop and cafe born from the efforts of local Kiel Marley. The concept is pretty simple: have bike shop add cafe and let the results happen. The execution is going well so far. The location is on 16th St and Glendale in the Basha's shopping center on the SE corner, so its easy to find and get to. It also sits right on the canal route that is paved from the Biltmore to 75th Ave so you can stop in while cruising all over town.When you immediately walk into the shop you are in the bike shop part of things. Its a pretty traditional setup of new bikes all lined up and shiny. They seem to be a Felt shop which is cool. If you need a new bike this is a good place to go.The food is simple and good. Pastries are coming from a local bakery and are very good. They make the Quiche in-house and it was very filling. I also had a Latte and Kathryn had a Hot Chocolate which went down well on a chilly December morning ride.Overall I will be back to the Bike Cafe and recommend that you stop by soon!
5	Very good - a marrying of concepts...  I had the quiche and it was actually amazingly delicious - and I'm something of a quiche snob.  Staff is very helpful - but not in your face...  Lots of bikes from bmx to cruiser - and from very modestly (read: low) priced to high end stuff.  Parts, upgrades, expert advice...All kinds of surprises - gear - books - board games - etc...  Great concept executed well.Plus, some of the walls are my favorite shade of green...  Dammit.  Now I'm hungry.  For quiche.  Stupid Trailhead, you should be open 24 hours.
5	just had the most amazing breakfast sandwich, that amparo has the magic touch....oh yeah and bike service quick fast and cheap
4	Love this place - nothing like browsing sexy $3,500 bikes while you wait for your Americano. Nice strong coffee (most of the time.)Pluses: great coffee, friendly staff, unique approach to businessMinuses: coffee quality varies by server, very limited food case.
5	Excellent cafe - what more can you want, sick mountain OR road bikes to look at, and biking (and baking!) magazines to browse peruse while you drink your coffee!The staff are extremely knowledgeable about bikes -- both those that they sell in the shop and those that they don't, these folks are serious enthusiasts, not just someone who landed a job at a bike shop to get by.The espresso I got was a great shot pulled by a not only really friendly but really attractive barista - does it get any better??  And they take their pastries in a very serious way, I'd recommend grabbing a muffin!Love this place; best cafe I've been to in the greater Phoenix area no questions asked.PS - they  have free wireless too.
4	The baker, Rikki, at Trailhead rocks!  Wonderful flavor combos and cool presentations.
5	Great place to grab a snack and rest between rides on the canal that sits just east of the shop. Great food good company and knowledgeable staff.
5	My Enneagram Type is a 3 and how I present myself to the world is very important. I am not the kind of person who asks for help or that EVER wants to appear like I am not knowledgeable about any given subject. However, I was forced into a situation where I got my first bike and I had absolutely no idea about bike maintenance (or riding rules :-x)The guys at Trailhead were EXTREMELY helpful and let me ask a plethora of stupid questions I already should have known the answer to (like "Can I ride on the sidewalk" and "is it stupid for me to ride 5+ miles in 115 degree temps"). They made me feel completely comfortable and answered all my questions with ease. I'm sure they probably made fun of me after I left, but they were very helpful and professional while I was there. (I would have laughed at me!!)I got my bike tuned and washed, my seat adjusted to the perfect height, and an encyclopedia worth of knowledge for $50. Ohhh oh oh the coolest part was when I dropped it off, the gal who took my cruiser told me that their turnaround time was 24 hours. I got a call two hours later letting me know it was done! Always awesome to have someone under promise and over deliver!P.S. I forgot to mention... I rode that 5+ miles in 115 degree temps ON the sidewalk ... and look at me, still alive to Yelp about it... but I only did it because they told me it was okay :-)
4	I pulled into the shopping mall with the intention of getting a cheap sub at Subway, something somewhat healthy and fast...but then realized that I was pretty much next door to The Trailhead Bike Shop and Cafe.  Even though Subway was currently making fresh bread (pleasant enough smell, but they're no MJ Breads), I decided to spend my money at a non-franchise and see what they were all about.Coming into any bike shop you'll expect the smell of rubber from all of the tires, and yes, that's what you're greeted with.  No fresh smelling breads here, but, let's give this place a chance...I was greeted warmly by the young staff and I saw that they had a caprese sandwhich on the menu, which is among my favorite type of sandwich if I'm thinking of vegetarian style...so I ordered it along with a lemonade.  To my shock, the young guy at the counter made the lemonade fresh to order, squeezing the lemons in a mexican squeezer, you know the type.  Fantastic.  If I go back again, it may be for the lemonade, it was that fresh and delicious.The caprese sandwich, once I got home was pretty good.  It seemed to be on a light sourdough bread, fresh tomatoes, basil and pesto with a nice slice of mozzarella and some olive oil.I'll definitely go back.  No more Subway for me in this plaza!I also noticed that they have a nice coffee bar with very good looking treats for the mornings.  If you are in the neighborhood, check it out!  I think you'll like it!
4	4 out of 5 with the consideration that this is a Local Bike Shop with cafe, not the normal dining location.I had a ham and egg sandwich and was pleasantly impressed - it was amazingly tasty. I  curious to try the Espresso drinks and lunch menu soon.I only wish the volume on the TV wasn't so loud.
5	Not only did they quickly and honestly service my bike, but the food was delicious as well.
3	So I had to get some blood drawn and I wasn't allowed to eat breakfast, which to me is a perfect excuse to treat myself to fancy coffee drinks and breakfast on my way to work. Oy, it was a bad karma day, though:Drip Coffee: Closed on Mondays (WTF??)Two Hippies Tacos: Despite the flashing red OPEN sign, CLOSED until 10:30.  (WTFFF????)So, got my coffee at Lola's (good as always, but why is their small so, well, small?) and drove around aimlessly for foodage. Happened upon a cute little idea, a cafe inside a bike shop! How fun!The sandwich was excellent, which is why I'm even writing this review: the bread tasted homemade, the eggs were creamy, and the ham was piked high and thick-cut. Mmmm.
5	Yes, can I get a latte with those brake pads and new inner tube?  Cool.Seriously...cool.  I can get my bike fixed and have coffee and a scone while I wait.  I'm going with cool here, all the way.I tried Trailhead after they posted a Groupon offer on a bike tuneup.  Checked them out on Yelp and went for the deal.Cool.This is one of those bike shops that doesn't make you feel inferior if you don't roll up 200 miles every weekend and have the names of your regular peloton tattooed down your calf next to your scar from that wicked road rash.  Cool.
1	I guess I am not in the Trailhead club.Walking into a new place can sometimes be a bit awkward.  Where to go, where to stand, seat yourself or not, these things are not always evident.   So I walk into the Trailhead Cafe, not knowing what to expect.  All I know is that it marries my two favorite things:  Bicycles and Food.  It is Sunday morning and a breakfast sandwich soundas great.  Ok Cut to the chase.I actually never ate at this cafe.   I could not get sanyone to greet me, let alone take an order.  I walked in slowly - trying to get a bearing on this new joint.  I took the universal stance infront of the food counter, which suggest I might want to order something.  A young man after a few minutes showed up behind the counter, made eye contact and did not say a single word to me.  Ok - so he was busy, I never want to be that guy.  He proceeds to chat with a couple of friends.  I figured I would look at some of the kool bikes and let him finish.  After a poilite trip around the shop (on my part), I went again to the counter and took that universal pose of I am ready to order now.  2 or 3 people walk past me, and not a word.  I figured, I was not part of the Trailhead scene and sheepishly made my way for the exit.  15 minutes wasted and still no food or drink.Now - I know that this must be an anomalie as fellow yelpers like this joint.  I gotta say that this put a bad taste in my mouth (really no taste at all).  I will probably go back and give it a try.  I hope I have a better experience.   This definately falls under the category of a hasty response, but hey businesses go down all the time because of this type of negligent service.  It is a competitve market out there and every guest is huge.  Hope my second try, whenever that may be, goes a bit better.A
4	So I went back to The Trailhead after a long bike ride and a thoughtful letter from the owner.  I Like I said before fellow yelpers could not be all wrong so I gave it a chance.  I am happy to say that my expereince was fantastic.  I went in as a regular guest not identifying myself as someone who had a challenging visit last visit.  You would think they had my picture up or something, the service was fast and super friendly and warm, My ice tea was great and so was my breakfast sandwich.  There is a gorgeous single speed in there that I wish I had the $$ to buy.  So, I was the unfortunate recipient of a bad day at the trailhead, but I am now a fan.  I look forward to next Sunday after my bike ride.A
5	We use our bikes every day.  I commute to work on a bike and my son rides his bike to school.  So when my son's bike got stolen I took the morning off and went to the Trailhead Bike Shop and Cafe.  The shop is less than a mile from our house and I was looking forward to using a shop so close to us.  The owner Kiel listened to what I was looking for and made appropriate recommendations.  The bike I wanted for my son had to be ordered and he gave my son  a rental on the house so he would not be without a bike.  Unfortunately, my son's new bike was recently stolen too!!!!  We're hoping it turns up, but will likely be replacing it at the Bike Cafe.I also bought a road bike to go along with my commuter bike.  Kiel worked to get me the best deal on the type of bike I wanted.The staff is great and the food is good too.
4	i recently obtained an 80's nishiki road bike from my mom that had been collected dust in her garage since the 80's. a good tune up and some new tires were in order for my vintage gem of a road bike.i took it to hoodride first, via recommendation from a friend, and was charged $45 for new tubes and a tune up. what i got were new tubes that encountered a splinter within weeks and required a completely new tube. a tune up that was promised was negligent as the bike didn't seem to ride right and didn't even look clean.so after a careful yelp search i happened upon trailheads, and brought my bike in to have them check it out. they put my bike up and checked it out to see what i needed to get it back in rideable shape. turns out there was a ton of gunk in my gears and the tires were not trued and the spokes were loose. they offered to replace both my tires and tubes with thorn-resistant ones. i brought the bike in around noon that day, opted for their "silver" tune up package, which they bunked a few bucks off of due to my debacle with hoodride. my bike was ready by 5pm that day.after i picked it up, i noticed my chain was still rubbing and making a strange noise. i had a friend who specializes in road bikes look at it, and adjusted my gear shifters that solved the problem. kind of disappointed they didn't catch this, but overall, i was very satisfied with the service i received. and they make a mean cappucino.
5	I found this place on my return ride home of the canals on Easter Sunday.  My bike had been in service for two months and now was a good time for a 20+ mile trial run.I took a bike trip to West Phoenix and on my way home I felt that I needed something to eat.  I noticed the Basha's shopping center off the canal bike trail and decided to head down.  From the street I saw a sign that said "bike cafe" and "open."  I had to take a look.The had bikes and food - a perfect combination since I need to get some new pedals and was hungry at the same time.I had to wait a while for some one to serve me.  A guy from the back who had a strong resemblance to Mahmoud Ahmadinejad came out from the back and took my order.  The sandwiches are terrific.  It smells as good as it tastes.  I had a smoothie that was made close to perfection. The staff is nice and knowledgeable.You have now been added to my weekend bike route.Do not miss!
5	So I'm driving along Glendale thinking where am I to find a good vegetarian sandwich around here? I see a bike shop that has Sandwiches in huge letters across the window so I think ...... why not check that out?  I am so happy that I did cuz I had a terrific sandwich w/salad and great iced tea! Nice guy behind the counter says all they have is some kind of rye bread.....and I don't really like rye but he says "everyone loves it, it tastes like a lite sourdough".....well I don't really like sourdough either but where else would I go so I give it a try.  Well, the bread was delicious...very mild flavor and very fresh and the veggies and cheese were also very fresh and tasty.  I wished I needed some bike stuff cuz I really like this place but I'll definitely go back for a sandwich again!
5	The shop:Lot's of different kinds of bikes for all riders (many are just cool to look at)Lot's of accessories and parts (you need it, they most likely have it)Unique art on the wall and great ambiance couches, tables and free WiFi The Cafe:everything is good! I highly recommend the "Don Gobbler" (I think that's the name) If you want an amazing sandwich. They have fruits, smoothies, and anything that a cafe should have, theirs just taste better. Lots of health stuff. The staff:Everyone there is awesome. The techs are very informative and they actually take the time to explain everything to you. all repairs are done in a timely manner and done right. Everyone is super friendly. I was trying to build a 29er full suspension mountain bike on a limited budget and they helped me get great deals on parts and they built it from the ground up. I have been to MANY bike shops over the years and NONE would have done that. They were more concerned about making me (the customer) happy than making a quick buck. Trust me, when it comes to bike shops, that is rare. Thanks Trail Head!
3	Food is good. Got a tune-up and thought everything was fixed. Turns out I had to go back and get a part we both thought was fixed repaired again.
5	I am very familiar with bike shops, and this one is by far the coolest one I have seen.  The bike shop was very organized and had a big variety of accessories and quality bikes. The coffee shop is why we went, and it was fantastic. Definitely the best coffee I have had in a while. My fiancee got the large iced caramel swirl and his only complaint was that he wished he'd ordered 2. I had the americano and was impressed. The staff, Brian, seemed to have the alter ego of a comfortable, friendly, coffee barista, as well as a knowlegable, down to earth, bike guy. When we stood at the cafe I felt like we were in a cafe. We sat on a couch and played mancala which made for a great Sunday morning. The place is not like a bike shop with a little half-legit coffee area with packaged doughnuts, it's worth visiting just for the coffee. When you're there, it's like a coffee shop with cool bikes for eye candy. But the bike store is big enough that it can handle all of your tech needs and stocked enough to give you a big selection of products. Will definitely come again, love it!
4	My friend and I saw Monkey Lights during our first Critical Mass ride, and HAD to have them.  My friend Gail is pretty relentless when she has a goal, and she had phoned up all the local bike shops by the next week to search for said lights (Google them - they're AMAZING).  The guys at Trailhead ordered them and we paid the same we'd pay on Monkeylectric's web site, less the shipping.  The guys were friendly and helpful when we went to pick up our lights, which came in just a couple of days.  The cafe is awesome, too.
4	I was driving in my car on my way to a meeting and I noticed a sign "Bike Shop and Cafe." It was a warm afternoon and I wanted to cool off. Maybe they would have iced tea to be purchased. As I walked inside the store you can smell the brand new tires from the bikes. I got greeted quickly by the store attendant. I bought iced tea from the coffee bar side part of the store. It's a unique place to relax and they also offer free WI-FI. If you are in this area, go check it out!
1	I thought I give this place a try since I was in the area. I had their breakfast omlette with ham on the patio outside the shop. The food was basically tasteless, enuff said.
4	Cool place with a good staff! I'd actually walked in a couple of times to browse after getting a haircut next door and somehow managed to spend 10+ minutes in the shop without being spoken to. On my last visit though, I actually had a purpose, grips and a brake bleed before I hit the trails and the owner didn't hesitate to take my job on as a walk in with a time constraint. That was pretty cool of him to do. They carry a nice selection of bikes both road and mountain, and stock nearly all accessories you'd need. Unlike a lot of shops, they don't hide things in back where the customer can't see them. I've never understood this tactic, wouldn't you want to put your items on display so you could sell more? I never think to ask if someone has something, rather if I don't see it I generally assume they don't have it.  So, kudos to bike cafe for at least displaying their inventory. My work was done promptly, at a fair price, and was completely 90% correctly. I had to make a few adjustments when I got on the trail, but it was simple and I carry a tool for that sort of stuff anyway.
4	Just wandered in to kill some time after dropping off my laundry around the corner.  Saw they had a cafe in the corner of the bike shop.  I didn't have very high expectations but was intrigued by the "Bomblette" (omelette) so I decided to grab some breakfast.  Wow, was I surprised at the quality of the delicious fluffy omelette, sprinkled with paprika and accompanied by a juicy sliced orange and a piping hot cup of coffee.  Excellent quality, delicious breakfast.  I will definitely go back.
4	Is there a bicycle shop that's not staffed by cool dudes?  I'm telling you, all cool dudes work at bicycle shops and this one was no exception.Came in here while training for the Tour de Tucson.  After riding some 70+ miles, I decided to stop in here for a bathroom stop.  While there, I started browsing and liking the vibe, decided to order a sandwich for lunch.  I think the sandwich was $7.95 . . . large portions with either soup or salad.  Full of flavor . . . just what I needed to refuel.Plus, I got to eye candy some cool bicycle dudes . . . can't ask for more!
5	Who would've thought. Awesome lunch and salad.  Love the Don Gobbler.
1	Very minimal selection. Small seating area. Not many bikes either - mainly Felt. If you want coffee go to a real coffeehouse. If you want bikes go to a bike house.
4	Nice place with a very interesting twist: bikes and a cafe.  I had an iced mocha and it was very refreshing.
5	I bought the HomeRun offer for a bike tune up at Trailhead.  I have to say that I was surprised at the quality of the service they did to my Trek hybrid bike. I could definitely tell the bike was riding better, smoother, more efficient. They even re-installed my bike computer, threading the wire around the front right fork very neatly.  I definitely recommend this place. Oh, and the food is good, too!
5	I haven't gotten any food here, but they worked on my bike. They do a great job and Kiel is awesome with bikes and cares about the quality of the work they put out. I def recommend this place.
4	I brought my bike in, and within 10 minutes they had me out the door with a new tire. Very knowledgeable staff! The food is delicious as well.
1	I've wandered into the Trailhead a handful of times,  mostly to check out the food offerings and vaguely consider researching a bike in a locally owned shop.  First:  the food.    I got a salad with a sandwich, and while the sandwich was nothing to write home about, and the salad itself was redolent of red onion that had been taken off, the dressing was freaking delicious.   I think they load it up with paprika and some sort of honey mustard.   Not really anything I'd have ever tried otherwise, and that was fantastic.     The food is meh.   The pastries are substandard.  The service is slow, the guys that have been behind the counter are completely anti social unless you're a hipster or a bike nerd. I'm not ragging on either of you groups; but I fit squarely outside of both these categories.Second:  the chai.   OMGWTFPOWDERED CHAI.    This is the most disgusting thing I never knew I didn't want to exist.   And for $4, are you kidding me??Third:   Don't ask about bicycles if you are a novice and the tall dude with the high prescription glasses and the almost dreads is there.   He will look at you with his superior bike knowledge, dismiss your Mom outfit and your moderately priced purse not made of canvas or ripstop with no reflective properties to it whatsoever and treat you like a disdained child who crapped on his floor.     I wanted to research bikes for my kids and this guy is just wildly unapproachable, weird, and haughty, which goes for pretty much most of the staff in there unless you walk in WITH A BIKE HELMET AND SKINNY PANTS.Also, bike tires stink when you're hungry.
4	Great spot in a perfect location, its awesome to be able to order a smoothie mid ride on the canal and have it waiting when i get there!never had a sammich, but the smoothies are pretty delicious (and not ridiculously priced)
5	Great Bike shop. Gives that warm & Fuzzy feel.
1	I really wanted this businsess to work out because I like coffee houses and I ride. I ride mostly on the weekends so my experiences have been on Sat & Sundays. Maybe they have a competent staff M - F but the weekend people are bad at both coffee and selling or repairing bikes. I really tried to give them my business I have been in at least six times for coffee or parts. I went in to get a new seat. While I was looking at the wall of seats another customer comes in to look at seats. We strike up a conversation. I went to the bike counter and asked about purchasing a seat. The guy looks at me like a deer in the headlights and says "no one here right now that can sell you a bike seat come back Monday", he then returns to help make coffee. Two people want to purchase over $50 items but instead they are focused on making coffee drinks. The cafe part was not even busy. Another time I return to purchase another part for my bike. The bike guy says we have to order that It will be in on Weds. OK I pay for it, and my partner gets new grips for his bike. We are the only customers in the whole store. Bike guy can't change the grips without all kinds of gyrations to get the old ones off. Another customer comes in he quits with the grips and goes to wait on him while we just stand there. I guess we weren't important and the coffee guy is not skilled enough to talk to bike customers. The customer he goes to wait on leaves mad while the bike guy is apoligizing for not doing something for him that was obviously expected. Finally he returns to my simple task, it takes way too long. I come in the next week on Saturday and before we even go into the store I tell my partner, I bet they forgot to order my part. Sure enough the bike guys says "I forgot to order your part, I thought someone else was going to do it but it didn't get done" I wait another week and finally get my part.The cafe part is also sub-standard. The coffee people have no personality at all. They can't even make small talk and coffee at the same time. They seem extremely stressed out just doing this simple work. The coffee isn't good quality. It is served too hot to drink, they over fill the cup even when you tell them to leave room for cream. The fact is, they don't do either cafe or bike shop very well. Perhaps the owners should think about working weekends and pay attention to customer service. Sorry but I have to find another bike shop you guys at just too sub.
5	A great bunch of guys willing to answer any and all questions you have about your bike. I typically only ride my bike to/from work. My bike is simply a Towny. My questions were basic, yet they made me feel valid. I got a sandwich while I was there. Excellent. Not sure where they got their bread, but it was delicious. Fresh meat and a potato salad recipe like none other I have had.  You can't find a meal deal like this under 10.00 in many sandwich shops in town.
2	So this is not a positive review, but I do own some of the problem as will be outlined below.Took my MTB in to get disc brakes installed, wheels/tires set up with Stan's no tubes, and purchase a Surly Tugnut (and install it since it was already in there). After I told him what I needed and that my budget was around $100 the mechanic verbally quoted me a price of $105. Told him it sounded good, gave him my contact info got my ticket and took off. This is where it is partially my fault: Two days later when I actually took a look at my ticket, the quote was $140. I called the shop and asked what was up, and the mechanic I spoke too pretty much told me I was out of luck and that I should have looked at my ticket (albeit he was more polite than just saying that). So fine, I was willing to own up to that and shell out the extra 35 bones. Picked up the bike, and hit the trail for the first time the following morning, and quickly heard that my rear caliper had not been installed correctly and that a bolt that attaches the caliper to the frame was rubbing up against my disc. Needless to say, I will not be returning to this shop, even for them to fix the problem they created, as I can't really trust them to be honest about how much they are gonna charge me to fix their own mistake. So, two stars because there are definitely problems with this LBS, and I will not be returning. But not one star, because I definitely need to own part of the problem.
1	I am giving a generous 2 stars only because I had a good experience last year.   First, I am not a bike novice, but to these douche bags, everyone else is.  I may not have the highest end bikes, but I do own a $3500 a trek carbon road bike and a $4k specialized stumpjumper.  I have been riding bikes for 35 years, so I do know the difference between a juicy and a hayes.  So for my experience this year, I rented the same bike I rented a year ago, but my experience was night and day.  Last year, everything was great, from service to the bike itself.  But this year, I called ahead and asked for  availability.  Kyle took my info, but never called me back.  Giving them the benefit of the doubt, I stopped in after getting into phx, and was pleased to get the bike, but unfortunately, they did a 5 minute check over of the bike.  On the trail, the worse of the worse experience.  Front brake dragged and rear was weak, a dangerous combination, at best.I took it back, and while they did fix it, they seem to assume I must have done damage to the bike.  Anyway, upon returning the bike, they were real knobs about a scratch on the seat post and then the guy told me it was his personal bike.  I told him if you rent out a mountain bike, for mountain biking, you might expect a scratch or two.  He didn't like that.   I explained that he shouldn't rent his bike out then.
1	I really tried to like this place.... I took my bike here probably 5 or 6 times and received average to very bad service everytime.  The one young kid is an absolute punk.... Treats u like an idiot if u aren't an expert at bikes.  Two incidents that really pissed me off.  First one,  there was a problem with my rear brake.  So I drop the bike off... They say it cant be replaced yet they don't know what's wrong with it,  they just "cant get it to work"... Okay.  So they say we will put on an elixir 3 for $99...i say fine,  not a bad deal right.  Wrong!  I get there after several calls and a couple days... (they never call u).  Get there and find out its an Elixir 1..not 3. They basically say... Oh well.  It's a 1 not a 3..... "If u want to pay more for the 3 and wait longer we can take this off".  Its the old bait n switch! The whole reason I agreed to buy the brake was because it was the 3. Anyways... It was lame.  They basically couldn't care less they pulled the bait n switch on me.  Another time... Got cranks replaced.  They return my old BB and cranks but didn't include the left BB adapter. When I tell them..., "hey.. I'm missing part of my BB" they offer to sell me new BB because they don't have my part.  The guy Patrick has the customer service skills of a moth... He doesn't even offer to look around the shop for it.  Done with this terrible shop run by a bunch of guys who just dont care if people are pleased with the service. Just bought a $4K MTB from Bike Barn...thats my new LBS.
1	If negative stars were an option, that would be what I would pick. I've not heard good things about this place in the past and have stayed away based on friend's experiences. Unfortunately, one of our rides took us here for a planned stop for some nosh. The food was mediocre, nothing spectacular. The service was appalling. We were told we had to take our food to go. Someone in our group wanted a piece of bike equipment, but would not sell to him because he didn't need the shop to install it. Very unprofessional staff and I think safe to say d-bags if you were to know them personally. There are plenty more local bike shops that would much more appreciate your business or even the foot traffic.
5	Super helpful even though I didn't buy my bike from them. It's a small shop, and they are always doing tune-ups and upgrades when I've come in. So, it's not a place you want to try and get something done in a hurry, but quite frankly... you don't want anyone to rush on your bike. Pretty good selection of types of bikes. They don't carry a wide range of brands, but that's okay. The ones they do have are excellent.If you're not sure what you want, first rent a bike from them. This will help decide the right size as well.They serve coffee and pastries. Not sure what coffee connoisseurs would say, but normal people like me will think it's great. I haven't had the pastries, but they look great. Highly recommend this shop!
5	Excellent bike shop.  Matt got us fixed up and on our way in record time.  My wife and I were very impressed by him, and with our visit there yesterday.  Thanks!
5	I took my mtn bike in for a tune up today and left with a new beach cruiser:)Kiel was great with helping me out with my mtn bike, as he always is, and helped me find to perfect bike for jst cruising the hood. I recommend trailhead to anyone looking for a great bike shop experience! The whole staff is great! Very knowledgeable and helpful!!!5 stars!
2	You know when I like to drink my coffee?In the morning, when this "coffee shop" is not open.No opinion on bike shop. Made me drive off the freeway for a cup of coffee before work, only to note they open at 8am. When I'm at work.
1	Hi All,First off I'm not really impressed with anything about this shop.  Entering the shop the girl greeted me but then hospitality fell off immediately. They should take a trip the dutch brothers coffee shop for a lesson on how to chop up a conversation. Three employees and none really engaged or seem like they even wanted to talk or sell me anything... I mean first off its a retail store. Try to sell me stuff or inform me of the new products or something. I'm not a bike expert or enthusiast but I'm intuitive and understand how a bike works. So when I bought an add on to tension my chain, which saves me a world of frustration when I flip to fixie, the dude stuck it on so absolutely crooked. It didn't fit in the groove and was held on by 3 threads at most. When I took it back he was like "its super tight and will not move an where." I'm just thinking wtf, it was design specifically to fit in the slot so that you can fasten the nut all the way. I told him does it looks like the chain is too short and replacing that would fix the problem. He say yeah it would. Wtf, then bring that up when you initially installed. I'm about to spend $150 on tires do you think a $15 chain would be out of the question and that I would prefer my wheels be held on by 20% of available thread?? Geez man! I might now have a thousand dollar bike but geez I'm still a customer and you shouldn't half-@ss work on my bike. Anyways. I like the idea of the shop but I'll find another place out of the way to get my parts. Best of Luck!
5	Rented a fat tire bike from staff recommendation for the local area. Bike was a blast, They charged me only for a day and a half when they could have charged me two. Staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast sandwiches and fresh squeezed OJ was great too. Will definitely revisit on my next trip.
5	Really nice people! Good food and killer bikes.
5	I love this place! I have purchased both of my kids bikes here with the help of a very knowledgable staff, which they love! I have also had my bike and my boyfriend's bike tuned-up and repaired, quickly, without any issues and worth every penny! Everyone is super friendly! When I'm there I stop by the cafe for a wonderfully tasty cup of coffee and so delicious food; way better than anything you can get at Starbucks and more affordable! So glad to have this great local business in my neighborhood.
5	Great staff, very knowledgeable and efficient and my new Felt single speed in gorgeous green stops traffic! If you want solid customer service and a unique, quality selection of bikes head over here! I haven't tried any of the cafe stuff but I hear its all pretty tasty.
4	My brother and I were out on a ride when he had his THIRD flat tire in our 40 mile trip.  Not happy since he had taken the bike to a tri shop in town who didn't manage to fix this constant flat issue he has been having.  We came in and the guys were really accommodating.  They fixed the flat in no time and did some work on the wheel to prevent any further issues, hopefully, from occurring.  Very knowledgeable and helpful!Thanks, Trailhead!  And thanks for offering us water before we left as well on that hot day! You guys rock!
5	Was driving by and thought would give the cafe a try.  What a pleasant surprise!  Got the original breakfast sandwich and it was excellent and was the same price I would pay for fast food.  The customer service from the folks in the shop was great.  Will absolutely make this a regular breakfast stop.  Definitely recommend that you come by and support a local small business.
1	I went to go get an inner tube for my bike tire. The dude said you can get the regular one for seven bucks or the thorn resistant one for 12 bucks. He said I can fix that up for you. When he rang me up, He surprised me when he said it was 20 bucks. I said dude I could've fixed it at home for free if I knew it would've been eight bucks extra. I will never go back there again.
5	fixed my flats and feed me lunch...what else does a girl need. Food was GOOD
3	Friendly staff. I bought a U-lock and got a demo on how to put it on my bike. No bike parking outside, but they'll let you park your bike inside. There's a couch and a dressing room for trying on gear. Good selection of mountain bikes, cruisers, and bike accessories. Cafe seems like an afterthought, though. Only one table with four chairs in the cafe section. There are chairs and tables outside. I was looking for a more chill, cafe atmosphere where I could bike here and unwind with a cup of Joe, perhaps do some homework or reading. But the cafe is super small. If you're looking for gear and bikes, and a little bite to eat, you can do that here, but I didn't feel like I can study and just chill. Nonetheless, this store is a cool concept with great potential!
3	Popped in for a coffee when I was in the neighborhood.  It's an interesting concept - cafe inside a bike store.  The menu and quality seem reasonable, but you have to be ok with the constant smell of rubber tires...
5	I give any small business owner five stars just for taking the chance and opening their doors.  I think this shop has a great concept and carries excellent products.  I saw high end Pivots to low end Felt bikes.  Which in my opinion Felts are really good bikes!  They also carry what I love best...Brooks Saddles!  Bottom line it's a great little bike store and has everything you can ask for.  I'm sure if your are looking for something in particular they can probably order it for you.   All bike stores have access to QBP and J&B distributors!
5	Tyler was a huge help with renting a bike I paid just over $100 for 3 days even though I only got to ride for 1 . Rental bike was a 2013 Felt Nine 80 bike was in good condition for a rental and the terrains here.  I recommend coming here if your in the area...
