4	Iconic Frank Lloyd Wright architecture and high-quality event programming combine to make ASU's Gammage Auditorium a cultural gem and a highlight for the arts in Arizona.  Besides being a stop for the 2004 U.S. Presidential Debates, it's probably most well known for its role as the primary stop in Phoenix for Broadway plays and musicals.I last attended Les Miserables, one of a number of "Broadway Across America" shows that stops in town.  Even though we sat up in the second level, the sight lines were not that bad, seats were ok and the circular interior and winding staircases were fun to wander around. This building was originally commissioned in the 1950s to be an opera house in Baghdad, but for whatever reason ASU lucked out and scored this design for Gammage.  It's now one of the most recognizable buildings on campus.
4	My first impression when walking into the Gammage Auditorium earlier this week was, "WOW, it's huge!". I found it a little confusing at first to find exactly where my "Portal" was, but once I realized that odd numbered sections were on one side of the lobby and evens were on the other side, I found it much easier to navigate. Once you get past the initial ushers who scan your tickets, I didn't see many people helping find your seat. In fact once I got to Portal 10, there was no one outside the door to help direct you to your seat, which I found slightly odd, but perhaps they don't feel like it is necessary since it's a pretty easy theatre to get around. The lobby is large and there were drinks/snacks for sale as well as merchandise.I bought a ticket for opening night of "A Chorus Line", part of the "Broadway Across America" series, last minute and not knowing the theatre decided to go cheap and sit in the balcony. I was in row 2 toward the center, so my seat wasn't horrible and I had a good view of the stage. However, since the theatre is so large, I felt very removed from the action. I've sat in balconies in other theatres and have never felt so far away from the stage. Next time I go to the Gammage, I plan to sit in one of the lower sections and recommend that for anyone planning to see a show there. I did hear the people in front of me complain about the first row seats and they looked like they were sitting on the edge of their seats to see better as there was a railing in front of them.I think the Gammage is the most attractive building on the ASU campus and feel fortunate that such a place exists in Tempe and the Valley.
4	Went to see the Lion King here Friday night and there really isn't a bad seat in the house. Yes, the interior is a little warn and dated, but even seats in the back or higher up in the balcony areas are great. This was a fabulous show. It's not just for kids. The music was great and the costumes were very colorful. There was however this douche bag and his girl who didn't know how to use their inside voices and were having regular conversations throughout the play. We had to tell them a couple of times to STFU. Otherwise it was good. They apologized after my boyfriend confronted them at the end of the show. They were in their 40's! They should know better. There was a 4 year old sitting next to me that didn't make a peep. The guy said they were celebrating their "anniversary and reunion" not sure how both are possible. The usher said the chick was practically in his lap the whole play and she said that she thinks they were probably out fooling around. Who knows but this guy needs to get out more and learn how to behave in public.
4	I went to my first broadway play at gammage to see Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. I have to say the place was pretty clean, there didn't look to be  a bad seat in the house, the staff was real helpful as it was my first time there. The bathrooms on the main floor are very difficult to get in and out of as everyone shares 2 bathrooms on the main floor, but if you go upstairs it is more accommodating. I would definitely go back for another show here.
1	If you want to be robbed go to Gammage. I went to participate on the Wicked lottery and lost. Therefore we were told that we could buy the remain tickets for 35 dollars plus 3 for handling. I got tickets which price used to be 82. I signed the voucher for $76 for 2 tickets "on sale". Funny enough I was given a voucher for me for $167. I asked and the girl told me that it was because of the system, but I would be charged $76. Days later my bank statement shows that they charged $167. I asked Gammage what happened and they now pretend that I did approved this transaction, and there is no way they could know I did participate in the lottery. GREAT SCAM!
4	I like going to the Gammage. When I first moved to town, it was just okay. I lived in Atlanta and the Fox Theater is definitely better - but what Gammage has Fox doesn't is parking. It is typically easy to get in and out of Gammage and the parking is free.  Show tickets are usually easy to come by if you get them early and if you buy season tickets there is a season preview to introduce the shows to you.I was fortunate to get tickets to see Wicked for the final performance last night. A lucky break and our seats were in row 2. Wicked was phenomenal (definitely 5 stars!) and the seats were so good my friend said she had goose bumps from the performance (especially Defy Gravity).The air conditioning was on and felt good. The staff is typically friendly, but something the popular shows do get crowded and the ushers have been known to get a little stingy with the Playbill. I saw Rent early this season and the usher only gave one Playbill for both my friend and I to share. Usually the main lobby has a desk with more if you get there early. I have never ordered a drink or snack there, but they looked a little pricey.  The advance ticket show window is conveniently located right in the main door.I have been to shows in New York, Washington DC and Atlanta and 8-10 shows at Gammage.  It isn't the best, but Gammage is a pretty good theater for Phoenix.
4	I have been going to Gammage since I was in middle school and i still remember the first show i saw there. The theater has the best atmosphere and there is not a bad seat in the house in my opinion. It's great that it's just down the street from all of the different restaurants and shops, because while you're waiting for the show to start, you can get dinner or shop for a new outfit.     I always have a great experience whenever i come to Gammage. they make it very easy to see what shows are coming, how to get tickets, and they have awesome programs for kids.I love this place
4	I really like the lay out of the Gammage theater. The theater has a very intimate feeling and I always feel cozy wherever I sit. You can tell that the Gammage is no spring chicken however...it could use a face lift in a few areas like: carpeting and seating. During the intermission me and my friend were able to walk around and look at all the merchandise, the facilities were clean and - again cozy. The ushers were nice and I really enjoy my experiences there.
3	Should the bathrooms of a place drive the review? One ponders such a rating and it's meaning. I have been to Gammage close to a bizzilion times and here is the fact that stands out every single time. There are only  a handful of restrooms for a whole auditorium of women.  It is enough to make a yelper take a star away for such an oversight.  What were they thinking as they constructed this building.." Oh no problem I am sure that 5 bathroom stalls will be plenty for the hundreds of women who need to go the bathroom at intermission. " For those who are seasoned ticket holders you know as soon you see the curtain closes for intermission you must sprint as fast you can to get a place in line. Hopefully there are alot of blue hairs and you can smoke past them .If you are lucky the line will get creative and begin the undress and redress in the powder room area instead of the stall.  It is a bladder battle women should not have to face. The auditorium itself is nice enough but please  can't we do something about the bathroom situation?
2	I minored in musical theater and grew up in NY so I am a theater snob and very spoiled when it comes to musicals and plays. However, I  can be down to earth too. I am a drama teacher and could spend every minute of every day seeing a show or even sitting in a dark theater.With that said I feel like Gammage is the star of that show about the long past her prime, almost dead silent screen star Blanche Dubois. Beautiful to look at, a great history, a glorious architecture who built her up from love,  but way past her prime. ( OHHH a grave is rolling over. So sorry Frank LLoyd)  I love the shows here but not the venue. I am so sorry Mr. Wright but your building needs an upgrade. When I was a dancer at ASU I loved it! So cool, Wedding cake shaped design, and a famous building right across from my dorm that I actually performed at. I felt so special!  and I still do love you GG but something must be done. The theater I believe sits 3,000 people and you have bathrooms for like 15 people. The last time we went here my pregnant friend could not even get into the bathroom. And they allow people in late, which is a big theater no no. I went to see Phantom last night and not only did they let like 25 people in late which ruined my first act of the show but my chair was broke. For the price of the ticket it should not only not have been broken but gold plated- Lol. The sound has issues here if you are not dead center. I know it is hard to renovate a classic building but port a potties could be a solution too.Something must be done and I know you know it is a problem Gammage people??? People have been telling you for years. Anyone listening. ??????? Come on fix the problem Frank wouldn't mind.
3	Saw Mary Poppins here and the venue is nice.  It has a little bit of a run down feel to it.It is a great location and I still had a good time.
2	Avenue Q was brilliant.  Keep in mind, however, that Avenue Q comes with a traveling cast.The Gammage Auditorium itself?  Not impressed.From the outside, yes, it looks really cool. Some of the lights are out, but over all, it looks really cool from the outside.Inside? It's a bit outdated. The bathrooms are gross, and half of the floors are completely handicap inaccessible. Of course, they don't tell you this when you get your tickets.  We showed up, and asked where the elevator was. Rudely, we were told there wasn't one, and if I had wanted accessible seats, I should have bought full priced orchestra ones.  I walk slowly and with a cane, and while I can handle a few stairs when I must, the 2.5 flights of stairs nearly killed me on the way up, and then I didn't go to the restrooms when I wanted too at intermission, because there was no way in hell I would have walked back up there.  I almost burst into tears as it was.I then had to rinse and repeat to get down at the end.  Again, multiple flights of stairs, people pushing me, and rude ushers chiding me for not buying outrageously priced orchestra tickets which were accessible.  Way to be classist AND ableist at the same time.Funny, isn't it, that such a tongue in cheek commentary on discrimination should be held at a place that both architecturally AND verbally discriminates?
4	the hubs and I went and saw Young Frankenstein (thanks Yelp!) here last night! The musical was sooooooooooo good! So funny! Loved it! We got to Gammage at like 6 and got super front row parking, picked up our tickets at Will Call (easy peasy) and then met up with our friend for dinner who was kind enough to drop us back off at Gammage. The staff could be a little more helpful, the girl at the front door scanned my ticket and just handed it back to me. I just stood there, noooo idea where I needed to go, I asked her for a little help and she gladly gave it to me, though how hard is it while you are scanning a ticket to say doors to your right, or up the ramp or whatev. Our seats were amazing, we were in the terrace balcony, row 3. Some things I noticed about Gammage that need improvement on: -The bathrooms! GOOD LORD! I've been to truck stops with cleaner bathrooms then this place. It was so dark and dingy in there. Yuck. Also there are only 5 stalls for a gaggle of women, luckily I assessed this situation before the show started so at intermission I jammed it to the restroom. When I came out the line went around the wall and down the ramp, ridiculous. -The sound cut in and out a few times while the actors were singing or talking, so that was a bit frustrating. -The temperature was soooooooo cold -I will never book a center stage seat, you have to climb over like 20-30 chairs/people to get to the middle, a row in the middle would have been totally appropriate for people to get t the center more easily. All in all it was an enjoyable experience.
3	2.75 stars. Great shows, but in need of serious renovation/redesign.Saw Young Frankenstein (big thank-you to Yelp! Phx/Lindsey) on opening night, packed house. Excellent show - great numbers, solid singing/dancing talent, cast fed off of audience energy. Overall, Gammage tends to have a strong line-up (Hair, December 7-12; Shrek, January 4-9, 2011; Fiddler On The Roof, March 29-April 3, 2011; Billy Elliot April 27-May 8, 2011; Mamma Mia!, May 17-22, 2011).Facilities leave much to be desired - echoing Kirstin E.'s review on 9/28/2010, very poor seating lay-out (do not order center seats) and poor restroom accommodations (old, extremely capacity constrained).
3	I took my girlfriend to see "Young Frankenstein" at Gammage last night. Great show, by the way. It's the first time I stepped foot in the place in years, and it's the best spot in the valley to catch a production of any popular traveling show. Having said that, it's actually the only real place where you can see a show like this in the valley, and unfortunately, Gammage would be considered a poor auditorium if it was in a city like New York or Chicago.Parking was good and easy (especially considering you're on ASU's campus). I had no problems getting in or out. But like a previous reviewer mentioned, Gammage could use some renovations inside. It's been unchanged since I was an undergrad at ASU.  It felt old back then, and not in that classical way. Although I do like how roomy the aisles are. You don't have to get up every time someone passes you to get to their seats. Some of the acoustics were pretty bad, too. There was one performer that I had trouble understanding from time to time during the show. Gammage has a really strong lineup every season. It would be nice if some shows would stick around longer than they do (some are only scheduled to play for a couple days). The valley could use more auditoriums, and a little more culture, but since it's all I got and it's not bad, I'll take this.
3	2.5 stars.Saw "Beauty and the Beast" last night, thanks to Yelp!  While we enjoyed the performance, I have some minor complaints regarding the defective microphones (especially that of "Gaston's") and, as many reviewers have already mentioned before, the lack of enough restroom stalls for women!  Even from the first few seconds of the performance, I could already tell that the overall low volume would hinder my enjoyment of the show (Mom couldn't hear much, either), but then, the microphones of two or three actors (specifically that of Gaston's) would go from no power to louder than anyone else's!  Those of us who noticed chalked it up to opening night, but shouldn't this have been fixed during soundchecks?[ The cast of "Beauty and the Beast" deserved a better sound system than that was given to them to use last night.  They've worked hundreds of hours in rehearsals, often under heavy costumes, and to have the production be marred because of sound issues can be frustrating to both the cast and the audience.  We thank Yelp for the opportunity to enjoy the show, but I can only wonder how those who had to pay for their tickets felt after it was over?]Regarding the restroom complaint: according to the playbill, there was to be a fifteen-minute intermission, and so I waited till Mom returned from the restroom before walking there myself.  There was a long line for the women's restroom, but I was a little relieved to see a TV screen that seemed to suggest that there was a video camera pointed at the stage, and that those waiting in line would be able to catch the next act if there was a long wait.  After a few minutes, I heard chimes, which I took to mean intermission would soon be over.  I wasn't worried about missing a little bit of the next act since there was the TV screen, until I saw a sign under it that stated to "Please return to your seats in a timely manner after hearing the chimes, or you may be held out of the theater until a more appropriate time..."  I decided to just go back to my seat before I was locked out.  Would you imagine my surprise, then, that the intermission actually lasted 30 minutes?  I mentioned my consternation to Linda, who literally had to run back to her seat to make it on time before the lights turned down low for Act II's commencement!  Management really needs to see this issue taken cared of.  Either install more stalls, or design a better alert system to reflect a longer intermission!p.s.  The exterior of the theater was impressive, and I loved how upon exit, I was greeted by the sky's lovely expanse.  Just seeing the lovely light and dark blue hues, bright moon, and palm trees framed just perfectly by the columns surrounding the theater made up for the other glitches.
5	Thank you Yelp and Lindsey for making my daughter's birthday a special one!!  She loved Beauty and The Beast!  It was our first time to Gammage and I thought it was a lovely theater.  The seats were comfortable and there was plenty of leg room/walking room.  As others have stated there was a slight malfunction with Gaston's microphone.  His mic cut out a few times during the performance and I chalked it up to opening night malfunction.  Sometimes those things can't be helped despite rehersals and checking and double checking electronics.  I have seen theater in San Jose, San Francisco, New York and London.  This production was on par with my other theater experiences.  It was very well done.  The actors were all very good.  The sets and lighting were great along with some nice suprises.  The main thing that struck me was not part of the production though.  We arrived and were directed to a parking garage.  We drove in, parked and walked to the theater just two blocks away.  Once we were seated, it dawned on me that we did not have to pay for parking.  What?  The parking garage just two blocks away does not charge for parking!!!  WOW!!  I will go back to Gammage anytime to see a show.  We had a great night and, most importantly, my daughter enjoyed herself and loved the show!
4	Even while sitting in the VERY last row of the auditorium, I had a lovely view and could hear the performance well. (Minus poor Gaston's mic issues on opening night of Beauty and the Beast.) The interior and exterior are nice enough and I like the retro feel of the place. Parking is decent and leaving after the performance was pretty painless. Minus one star for the terrible Ladies Room situation. Why do planners over look this issue in so many public places? When a girl has to go, a girl has to go! Add more stalls, Gammage...please!
4	Thanks Lindsey and Yelp for giving me the opportunity to watch this performance.  My Niece couldn't stop talking about it the next morning.  I must agreed with Aileen, and Lynn with Gaston's multifunctional mic.  I thought it was just my ears. As for bathroom issue,  the line was so long that I was about to go into the men's bathroom.  I keep hearing 10 minutes until the show starts, then 5 minutes, and still standing in line.  We had to run back on the side of the auditorium afraid that they won't let us inside.  My poor Niece didn't want to miss any part of it.  Overall,  it was a wonderful night.  I got to meet more Yelpers, and made a memorable 1st Broadway show experience for my Niece.
3	I'm a total musical junkie, so when I found out that ASU had its own theater that played off-Broadway shows I was stoked. We went today to see Beauty and the Beast. We bought the tickets on the day of as soon as the box office opened and were able to get front row in the middle. As students these tickets were ONLY $37. That was awesome. The show was wonderful but I wasn't ecstatic about Gammage itself.Here are my issues with the theater itself:Rude employees- I was unaware that we weren't allowed to use flash photography even before the show started. I took a picture and as soon as I did I was pounced on by not one, but three employees. I felt attacked and was really displeased. If they have such a problem with camera usage maybe they should make announcements while people are finding their seats, just a suggestion.Bathrooms- There aren't many, they are super small, and they aren't very clean. The line for the women's during intermission was nearly 50 people long.The color choices- I thought the burnt orange seats and interior was absolutely horrid. This place could definitely use a remodel.Technical issues- The microphones went in and out several times and they even had to stop the performance at one point because of "technical difficulties." It was pretty unprofessional.However, because of the price of student tickets and my love of show tunes I will continue seeing shows here. I look forward to Mamma Mia next year.
5	Culture in Arizona? Yes. Yes we do have it so take that New York! Now while, you might not have as much to choose from like other major cities, auditoriums like ASU Gammage make a solid effort to bring in a variety of Broadway shows and other performances throughout the year. And for that, I applaud them -- or in this case give them four stars. I wish that more residents appreciated ASU Gammage and gave it a chance. With performances like Phantom of the Opera, Le Mis, Hair, Rent, etc ... this auditorium brings the best of the best to town. When I was 10 I a say Robert Goulet perform in Camelot. And I've seen so many other shows throughout the years I won't list them all. However, every time I've gone to a show, it's been a theatrical and exciting experience and true to what I hoped it would be. Besides the programming ASU Gammages brings in, the property itself is pretty neat. It has extremely unique architecture and might have something to do with being diseigned by Frank Lloyd Wright himself. If you look at it, it really is architecture genius and the auditorium holds a lot of people too. The inside is straight out of the 70's and has a cool and artsy vibe. Buyer be warned that if you buy tickets on the third tier, you should plan on bringing binaculars and going for the sound and not so much to see it. It's sort of like being in the bleachers at a football game and if it's a nice show, then does it really matter where your sitting as long as you scored tickets? Originally, I was told by the box office that the second level in the center has the best seats. I do not agree. I made the mistake of listening and opting for those tickets instead of orchestra (because the box office should know right?) Instead, I squinted throughout an entire performance. So if you have the opportunity, always go for the orchestra tickets. Always. And lovers of the theater know that contrary to the belief that the first row is always the best, the the middle center rows of an auditorium are normally best for watching a Broadway show. If you end up sitting in the front row, I guarantee you'll receive a shower and witness just how caked on that makeup looks from close up. But like I said, anywhere in the auditorium is good if the performance is right.
3	This review is of the Gammage. It has nothing to do with the shows I've seen there.I am absolutely thrilled to find Broadway so far from the great white way. I've enjoyed a lot of theatre in Cleveland (which has an incredible theatre scene), I've been to the theatre in Boston, New York and Denver. It's always wonderful. Consequently, I've been to numerous theatres.The Gammage is fine. It has a perfectly serviceable proscenium stage and decent acoustics. It lacks curb appeal - it looks like a giant orange space ship. Inside the decor is pretty modern and generic. As others have mentioned, women's restroom facilities are lacking and they have had technical difficulties. Gammage lacks the grace and elegance of most of the other theatres I've been to. I miss the part of the experience that involves the beauty and grandeur of the place itself. But they play host to Broadway in the middle of the desert. And for that I will love them forever.
5	I've been on both sides, on the stage and in the audience at Gammage, and it's a top-notch facility to see just about anything. And after seeing "Hair" there on Tuesday (thanks so much Yelp!), I can honesty say I've seen just about everything in Gammage. :-)The show (Hair) itself was ok. Enjoyable, but couldn't hear anything other than the music. Would have liked to know what they were singing. I hope they fixed that for the rest of the performances.
4	I've been here twice for their Broadway shows (Thank you Lindsey and Yelp!) and I really like this place.  I sat on the first tier both times and could see and hear everything.  The theater is not too big, the seats are large and roomy and I love that there is enough space between rows for people walking through.  I'm not sure if they don't allow you in after the show has started, but neither time were there people walking in front of us at the beginning or after intermission.  It seems to be pretty easy to find discounted tickets for most shows here as well, I've seen them on showup.com, travelzoo.com and maybe even the ticket website.  One of the best parts of seeing shows here is FREE parking.  There is a lot right outside the building, but both times we used the parking garage that wasn't even 2 blocks away.  Easy in and easy out.I didn't use the bathrooms during intermission, but after the show there wasn't any line at all.  I just bought tix to see Fiddler on the Roof here in the Spring, I think my Mom and her husband will love it!
4	Thank you Yelp for my first opportunity to enjoy Gammage.Impressive architecture and design (it is also mostly functional)!  The seats are roomier than expected and the rows have just enough room between them to allow people to pass relatively easily in front of you without having to stand up to let them through.[Relative to US Airways Center seats which outside of Lexus Club and courtside seats are several inches narrower than the ones at Gammage and you have to stand up every time someone needs to pass.]Having the room to pass easily is nice, especially if you are seated in the middle of the auditorium, since you have to pass in front of at least 30 people just to get to your seat if your, say, running late or need to escape to the restroom.  This is also a negative especially if you are the crowd-fearing  or clostrophobic type, there are not good "outs" from the center.  I think it is wonderful to have a location that hosts wonderful Broadway performances and a variety of other artistic entertainment/performances.
2	2.5 stars... Great shows come through here, the building is cool to look at in a retro way and the seating is roomy, as mentioned in previous reviews. But... The parking lot SUCKS: if at ALL possible, find a parking space you can back into (if not possible, figure out a way to back into the space anyway); there is such thing as a "bad" seat here and the acoustics are good for music but not voices.
4	Not a bad seat in the house! If you're scared of heights I would probably stay away from the 1st row of the C level & the Balcony :)I would recommend arriving a few hours before your show, parking & walking or taking the light rail for drinks or dinner. Parking is madness when it's close to show time. Also, wherever you go, use the little boys/girls room before heading out. Judging by the size of the lines, I'm pretty sure they were giving away Justin Bieber tickets in the ladies powder room, lol!
5	4.5 stars!Thanks to Yelp for randomly choosing a friend to give complimentary tickets to, bec. I was able to finally see "Fiddler on the Roof" after all of these years of wanting to go!  Even though our seats were at the back of the house, we had full view of the stage, and the acoustics tonight were very, very good.  The wait at the restroom was actually much worse BEFORE the show began than AFTER.I really enjoyed FotR-- John Preece as the village milkman Tevye was hilarious and very entertaining, as so were the rest of the cast.  The Russian dancers were a joy to watch-- definitely one of the musical's highlights.  (You definitely do NOT want to choose the wedding scene as a time to run to the loo... the Russian dancing here almost had me giving the troop a standing ovation!)  As someone who's seen quite a few musicals, I was pleasantly surprised to recognize that FotR's "If I Were a Rich Man" had actually been the original work that inspired Louchie Lou and Michie One's "Rich Girl" in 1993, which Gwen Stefani did a remake of in 2004.  I also immediately recognized "Sunrise, Sunset."  Loved the sets and the costumes, as well... I heartily recommend this show!
5	Big thanks to Yelp for giving away free tickets to a friend who invited me to see Fiddler on the Roof. FANTASTIC!! I have never before been into musicals, but this was fabulous. Have I said how fantastic it was?! I truly enjoyed myself. Thanks Robyn! Gammage Auditorium is a great place. Easy to get to and I don't think there is a bad spot to sit. If you have to go to the bathroom, wait till after the show.
4	I came here for the first time last night to see Fiddler on the Roof.  I never realized how close this place was to my apartment!  The joy of coming here is that the theatre itself is quite large, with plenty of seats to see whatever show may be playing here.  They seem to have really fair prices for tickets across the board, with a variety of seating options, so no one really gets priced out.The downside, is that the parking here BLOWS, and it can get congested when entering and leaving.  Even though the upper level seats still give you a clear view, they are a bit far away, and I struggled at times with seeing details of the show itself.  Nothing really can be done about it now, but it kinda was a downer.I would gladly return in the future for more shows at the gammage.  Thank you yelp!
4	I finally watched Fiddler on the Roof on their opening night.  What a beautiful treat!  I have wanted to watch this production for awhile, but always missed them when they are in town.  They are only performing in ASU Gammage until April 3rd.   I must give a huge THANK YOU to Lindsey and Yelp for the tickets.   Fiddler on the Roof was funny and touching tale about tradition, community, love and family.   Both the music and dancing were fabulous.  They gave us an intriguing insight of everyday life in a Jewish family during 1905.   It was a very enlightening production.    The quality of the actors were phenomenal, especially the main character Tevye played by  John Preece.   He was brilliant and hilarious!  I have watched few productions at ASU Gammage.   I love ASU Gammage, however the lack of restroom stalls in the ladies room really need some major improvements.   There is absolutely not enough time to go back to your seat.
2	I just came from the show which I had been very much looking forward to. Unfortunately, the production did not live up to my expectations. I have been to many Broadway shows and London productions, but also local theater including Phoenix Theater, Herberger, Scottsdale Center for the Arts, and Mesa Theater. This was the worst production I've ever seen. It might have some redeeming qualities for those who are unfamiliar with the play or movie, or for those unfamiliar with Jewish life in 19th century Eastern Europe. But for me I could not get past the lack of talent in the actress playing Golda. Not only could she not act, she could barely speak, let alone sing. Her voice was crackling and weak in regular speech, and worse in song. She also looked about 20 years too old for the part, and sounded 40 years too old. The son-in-law characters had decent voices, but no power in them--they couldn't project well. The daughters had nice voices. The general production was not up to par. It's hard to wreck such a fabulous play entirely, but they gave it a try. Again, it still is worth seeing if you haven't ever seen the story acted out, but I might recommend the film version instead.
1	never, ever sit in the balcony if you are going for a speaking engagement. i saw and tried to hear david sedaris on april 22, but the echo was so bad i couldn't understand what he was saying without very careful concentration. the person i brought with me is slightly hard of hearing, and she couldn't understand him at all. further, there was no video projection, so we couldn't even try to read his lips. i like gammage, but i feel like i wasted $80.
3	This review is of the facility, not the shows.  I am thankful that we have somewhere to see wonderful performances.  With that said, I think this place needs a facelift.  The outside architecture is awesome.   I can appreciate the design, however the seats are extremely uncomfortable and dated and the bathrooms are a horror.  I shudder every time there is intermission because I know what is next.  I cannot believe that such a large place has only a couple of bathrooms.  I hope they do something about it.
1	this places sucks and did'nt even get there!my mom is in town and we wanted to take my little girls so we would need 4 tickets. well we called and they have 5 tickest but not 4! explaine that! we cannot afford to just buy one more ticket. I don't know many people who could now a days. this just makes me so mad! good thing my girls don't know it might of happened. I supported the arts for many years but now I will make sure everyone knows how they work.
5	Gammage is a wonderful venue for huge musicals!  Last week, I got to see Mama Mia, thank you Yelp for the complimentary tickets.  We sat in Row 24 , Seats 46/48 and we had a great view of the stage. The people next to us left before the 2nd half, what the french toast!  It's Mama Mia!  I've gone to Lion King, by myself and sat in row 13 in the middle and it's just as good, if not better.  I actually went to ASU, and performed on that very stage and love the fact that not only do big names perform there but also local performers and ASU students etc.Yes, parking is not great, but really is it anywhere?  I usually go early enough to find parking, around 6 or 6:30ish and hang out, have a drink and just chill.  Even after the show, just wait about 20 to 30 minutes and you avoid a lot of the traffic.Gammage is an unique building designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and if you are visiting the Phoenix area, it is a place to consider checking it out.
3	Just like Marisa S, I am reviewing Gammage Auditorium based on the facility itself, not the shows I've seen there.  I am in no way knocking the arts and I've enjoyed many a performance at Gammage (including Billy Crystal, Billy Elliott, and 9 to 5, just to name a few).  Overall, the Gammage experience is satisfactory... having a piece of Frank Lloyd Wright right here in Tempe is something that not every city can boast about.  But I have to agree that the inside of the building could use a facelift... especially when it comes to the bathrooms. The acoustics could use some help too, and while I hate to be picky, I may as well state that the parking situation could be better as well.Those things aside, I appreciate Gammage for what it is, and I look forward to seeing more shows there in the future, especially if they make some changes to the bathrooms, acoustics, and parking!
4	Gammage Auditorium was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, and according to those in the know, he designed this place to be acoustically perfect.  Theoretically, everyone would be able to hear no matter where one sits.  I suppose it was true because I never had a problem.  I saw at least 10-15 professional touring musical productions over the years I resided in AZ, and all of them were quite good.  I had no problems hearing, but depending where I sat, sometimes the vision was bad.  When I saw Jerry Seinfeld perform there, I sat in the orchestra section, but it was so far back, I felt removed from it and couldn't connect with his standup routine.  I also saw some musical acts like Earth, Wind & Fire, Turning Point, etc.  EWF's sound crew obviously was geared for a much larger venue because they played the music so loud, my head hurt for the entire show.  That upset me because they were one of my favorite bands, and I so wanted to enjoy them.  This place is relatively easy access.  I have really good memories about what I saw here and how much I enjoyed each production.
4	Like many before me, I am trying to be sure to review only the venue itself. I appreciate Gammage for what it brings to the Valley. The arts don't have a huge presence here but this theater brings a little bit of Broadway to the dry, Arizona desert. They typically line up seasons that have something for everybody which makes an evening show now and then almost impossible to resist. The building itself is older and does not have an elevator--meaning that anyone who has a physical disability which renders them unable to climb stairs, must buy tickets on the orchestra level. Out of the many shows I have attended here, there have been frequent issues with the sound system...disappointing when you are sitting further than 5 rows from the stage. However, being that this is the only stage in AZ that houses big traveling productions, I can't complain too much and will continue to be a patron here. Looking forward to the rest of this season!
3	Due to the extreme cold INSIDE the building I dropped a star from my previous visit :( I understand having to keep the place cool but I'm pretty sure that I had signs of frostbite, lol. Once again, my seat was great, the show was wonderful. The bathroom situation is unlike any other. Seriously, don't drink a whole lot before arriving here. If you do you have to use the lavatory I would suggest making sure that you don't wait until you can't wait any longer due to the fact that you will be faced with VERY long, long lines.
1	Absolutely beware of the parking. I paid huge dollars for Wicked tickets months ago.  The performance is next week. I received an email TODAY that no ASU parking is available as school is in session. The closest parking is on 5th and Maple.  This should be disclosed at time of ticket purchase so an informed decision can be made.
4	Beautiful place to watch a musical, play, or enjoy anything artsy. Watched Wicked here and it was amazing. Sat front row center and I was able to take it all in without having my mind blown from the sound. Those who work here are very helpful. Parking was not difficult and there are a lot of places to grab a bite to eat after around Tempe. I do wish they did offer more choices for their refreshments though. Service was also great. Everyone is very friendly. The quality of the show was excellent. Loved every minute of it.
3	I enjoy shows at Gammage and have been here a million times but the lone annoyance every time we come is that there are only 3 bathrooms in the entire auditorium and inevitably the line is RIDICULOUS. This past time the line was all the way back down the handicap ramp to go up to the 2nd level because one of the bathrooms was out of order. :( I went across the street to a restaurant and came back before the person in front of me even made it to the doorway of bathroom. Lesson to be learned--make sure you go before you get to Gammage. You'll enjoy the shows, but if you gotta go...you're in trouble.
4	Saw Wicked there last night. This was the third show this year we went to see at Gammage. Momma Mia & Fiddler on the Roof.The show was very well done. Sound and lighting was terrific for this show. The talent level the show was also terrific.Sat in the lower level for the first time and enjoyed the experience much more than in the balconies. Balconies can be a little hard to hear.The parking for Gammage leaves something to be desired since all of the parking is basically ASU permit parking so traffic in can be a challenge.
4	Came here to watch Wicked. (The show was fabulous) but the Gammage theater is definitely not the nicest theater to host a Broadway show. I sat at the top balcony which overlooks the stage. There were moments when I felt a little nauseous sitting so high up. I guess there's a reason why people buy orchestra seats :)The service people were really helpful trying to find seats and I'm glad they closed the door at the beginning of the show. The bathrooms were a bit old and run down. One stall was broken which created a long line. While ASU offers free parking for the Gammage, it took almost 30-45 minutes trying to get out since there wasn't anyone to direct traffic. Next time I'll take the bus.
3	I've been here a few times over the years to see various shows, and the biggest things I have to say are: get a seat in the orchestra! The balconies are crazy high, and have a tendency to make people dizzy. For shows like Wicked, a good chunk of the stage is blocked the higher you go by the Time Dragon part of the set. Also, the bathroom are just ridiculous. They lack in number, accessibility and cleanliness. The ushers are cranky and generally not very helpful. Sound and lighting is great and they always manage to bring in good shows like Avenue Q, Wicked, Mamma Mia, American Idiot and others. I've never seen a show with a bad touring cast there. The snacks and things are decent, a little pricey, but it's to be expected. At least you can bring your drinks in with you to the auditorium. Just make sure not to eat or drink too much or you'll get stuck in the insane lines for the restroom during intermission. It's a good venue for shows, but they do need  to make some improvements to better serve their customers.
4	This was the first time I had been to see a play, "Wicked," which was absolutely fabulous!  I liked the accessibly of the location and also the parking was great.  All the staff was helpful and the concession stands did take credit cards.  I really liked this venue.
2	I decided to update my review after going Saturday night for Wicked. It seems that most of the reviews on Gammage are based on the shows. I have no issue with the shows. I have issue with the theatre itself. The reason I'm dropping a star is because I noticed things that I'd never noticed before: the seats in the auditorium are awful. The arm rests are threadbare, with the wood showing through. The seat cushions have holes and are so worn it's like sitting on plywood for four hours. If I were one of the many people on the list paying thousands of dollars a year, I'd be mad as hell and wondering where my money was going. Gammage needs to take those funds and renovate the seating and the restrooms. Spending 20 minutes in a line for the restrooms is completely unacceptable. If the folks here took the time to really give a crap about the venue, it could easily be a 5 star venue. But until that happens, we'll keep paying $100+ a ticket to see a phenomenal show there because it's pretty much our only option.
4	I have been here many times and always am impressed with the Frank Lloyd Wright architecture.  They get some great national tours of Broadway shows and the ticket prices are pretty reasonable.  The top balcony is a little scary because it is so steep, so splurge on the orchestra seats if you can. I went to see American Idiot Tuesday night and loved it!  The show was upbeat and well performed.
4	The main parking lot fills up fast, so arrive early or plan to park in one of the side lots. The seats are comfortable and the theater design is very nice. The outer design of the theater is incredible and great for photographs. I had no trouble getting into or out of the theater for the show. It is worth watching for discounts for students and others with ASU affiliations.
3	Ive seen a dozen shows here and the quality is always great.The only complaint I have about Gammage is that the sound quality is very poor. There are very few places that you can sit in the theater and actually hear everything.
5	Broadway In Arizona love this place so affordable with tickets starting at $25 :) and they have student rush for 50% off and free parking! You can also take light rail and get off veteran way and walk here :) also buy your tickets at the box office for -$7 in fees :) I'm seeing Le mis right now and then planning on seeing war horse, Adams family, and beauty and the beast as well this season :)
5	Oh Gammage, how I do love thee. My husband and I usually see 1-2 shows a year.  I would definitely see more if we could afford it!  It's so much fun.  I've always found Gammage to be comfortable and does a fine job providing that classic theater environment.  It's big enough to house big shows, so you feel like you're getting a Broadway experience every time you go.  Someone on here complained about parking, but they have their lot as well as parking garages.  You must not have seen them.  We've never been without a space and we have gone at various times of the year. I work at ASU, and I like to walk to Gammage sometimes over lunch.  It's such a pretty building with pretty landscaping.  And sometimes I can hear bits of rehearsals going on, which is always fun.
4	I have been coming to Gammage for many years. They have a great season of musicals every year that are of the highest caliber. I have never been dissapointed with a show. Every Christmas there seems to be a holiday show and the past three have been great. Saw the Radio City Rockettes, White Christmas, and Donnie and Marie Osmand's Christmas show. The bathrooms however are horrible. They are in desperate need of a makeover.
5	Wicked! We loved everything about it.
2	although I appreciate that you can see an awesome theatrical production.  I was not impressed in the least with my seating.  When I invest in purchasing a couple tickets I was shocked at the size of this venue.  I literally was up in nosebleed seats and needed binoculars.  I guess I am just spoiled from other concert and theater event spaces that I have been to but I was disappointed and would not recommend paying to see a show here unless you have the big bucks and can get yourself a decent seat.  It was hard to hear also where we were and the place had a very damp cold feel to it.   I am reviewing the event space only not the quality of the show because the production of Wicked was top notch...
4	I've seen several productions here and have enjoyed them.  Definately need to sit in the orchestra as the balcony is too high and far back to see well.  Hard to compare to the beautiful, older, historic theaters in NYC, but this will have to do.
2	Gammage is an architectural gem. I love the unique design that makes it a landmark in the east valley. However, the interior of Gammage would really benefit from another architect coming in and remodeling the horrid bathroom situation. If you're female, come parched to your musical or risk standing in a 25 deep line. I've been at theaters in NYC that are a third of the size of Gammage but have triple the stalls. Acoustics aren't great here, and there always seems to be a problem with the sound system. The levels are usually off. The vocals never seem loud enough, and they usually cut out at some point in the show.Parking is can be bad, but I've learned to use the metered spots that surround the outside perimeter of the main parking lot. I've never gotten a ticket, and it beats the parking garage behind Gammage.I used to always buy tickets on the second tier because I'm cheap like that, but I got tired of being directly under the massive AC vents and nearly freezing to death. All the floor seats have great views. Avoid the top balcony because your view may be blocked.
1	War Horse was played here and due to the size of the theater you could not hear a line from the actors.  We were in row 17 of the Orchestra and the general comment was excellent sets, no idea what was happening on stage.  This theater is a disaster for acoustics.  Don't plan on hearing anything unless you are up front
5	The building shaped like a cake that was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.  Parking close by in the front lot or a covered lot nearby.  Broadway quality shows every year.  Never had a bad seat.  Always a great experience for the entire family.  What isn't there to love?  We've seen the Wicked, Beauty and the Beast, and the Adams Family among other shows.  My favorite was Shrek the Musical.  I hope that doesn't mean I have no taste in Broadway shows.  If you get up right away at intermission, the line at the bathroom isn't too bad.  The wait for the men's room usually isn't long, but the women's line can get long.  There are also several bathrooms.  We usually aim for the top floor bathrooms.  The concessions are also useful for staving off the hunger of the young one until the end of the show.
3	I love it for being a Frank Lloyd Wright building... That's about it.  The seating is not good, the snacks are lacking variety. The 1:1 ratio of men to women's bathrooms is a joke. I will be happy when we move away to a city with a real venue that can support off-broadway the way it should be supported.
3	I have seen dozens of shows at Gammage over the years. I love theater and this is a great venue to see a national touring production of a hit show. Gammage is architecturally a beautiful building. Frank Lloyd Wright is the man! One thing I have noticed about this particular auditorium is there is often some type of acoustic problem and there have been shows that have had some type of sound issue. Two that come to mind were My Fair Lady and Jersey Boys-both were great shows but there were some technical difficulties involving sound. Make sure you use the bathroom before you get there if possible as there is always an enormous line and the restrooms are quite small compared to the capacity of the theater.
2	This review is based purely on the venue and not the productions held here. I have seen many shows at Gammage. Recently I have seen War Horse and Beauty and the Beast in the orchestra section which have both been amazing! Gammage itself however is not so amazing. The outside of the building is beautiful and eye catching but the inside not so much. The restroom situation alone is enough for any woman to go crazy. Gammage has two restroom locations. One is on the second floor and quite a walk from the orchestra section seats especially when you only have fifteen minutes during intermission and the second location is on the third floor near the top balcony. Once you get to the bathroom, no matter when, before the show, during intermission (is the worst), and after the show, the wait is at least 25 to 30 women waiting, 10 to 15 minutes. Forget having time to purchase a drink or snack. The bathroom itself has only six stalls which are dimly lit (more like you need a flashlight to see anything) and old as can be. Once you are finally done using the facilities and need to dry your hands after washing, good luck with the paper towel line if the dispenser is even working. Bottom line, use the bathroom before and after the show not at Gammage which I know can sometimes be difficult during a 2 to 4 hour show. Note to Gammage - Immediately do a renovation on the bathrooms! Ticket sales will increase as a result!The seats are just okay. The performances are usually amazing and it usually does not matter where you sit in that regard but the cushions on seat backs once again could use some renovation. I will continue going to Gammage because it is one of the only locations in Phoenix to host Broadway productions but I do hope that they make some improvements in the near future.
4	I have been to many musicals and Christmas shows here over the years and have always been very happy with the performances. We have seen everything from Stomp to Beauty and the Beast! Always top notch! The only complaint is that the restrooms really really really need a makeover! they are old and falling apart. Also there just are not enough and the ladies line is always very long. The ushers are always very nice and helpful and you really get a great performance. Going to Gammage at Christmas for the shows is a great tradition I hope to continue with my family.
1	Worst audio ever.  Saw David Sedaris read and take q/a.  Whoever was responsible for the audio check should be moved to another department.  Two minutes into his first reading the audience started pleading for some improvement in the audio.  Sedaris was unaware that sound was terrible.  After a weak attempt by the audio folks we all endured an evening of the worst echo and sound at any event.  My wife and were looking forward to this evening having bought our tickets 10 months in advance.  It will be a long time before we consider going back to Gammage.
5	Great place to see a show!  Remembers to take coins for the metered street parking.  You have to pay until 10pm.  Easy in and easy out.  Not a bad seat in the house.
5	I don't have a lot of room to compare, but I think this is a pretty great place to watch shows, aside from Broadway.  Designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, the building is an aesthetically impressive landmark of Tempe.  I've seen Wicked (3 times), Rent (twice), Cats, and thanks to Yelp, Pricilla, Queen of the Desert at Gammage.  I've thoroughly enjoyed each experience, and have sat in several different areas of the auditorium.  The Balcony isn't that bad, especially if you can get the front row, and the Grand Tier is that much better.  The Orchestra seating is particularly great.  I do warn you not to get lost in the hallways.  As it goes round and round, it's easy to forget where you started.  Put on a nice outfit, grab a date and a glass of wine from the lobby, and settle in for a memorable evening!  I'll be back soon for Lion King!
1	I echo all those who bemoan the acoustics and sound system at Gammage.  I'm sick of paying good money for shows but not being able to understand a single word.  The problem may be over-miking--if the sound wasn't quite so loud, the vocals wouldn't be so distorted.  Perhaps Gammage should consider installing a super-titles system like the opera.And then there are the bathrooms.  It is ridiculous that the largest seating area (the main floor) has only two one-hole handicapped bathrooms.  Over a year ago Gammage management promised to correct the restroom situation, but there's been nothing.  Obviously Colleen Jennings-Rogensack has her own private facility, as she certainly has no sympathy for the female theatre-goers.All in all, I'd say Gammage is too big, too unwieldy, and a facility badly in need of an overhaul.  Perhaps it was Wright's joke on ASU.
2	First of all, I want to say, the quality of the performances there were amazing, and deserve 5 stars! My daughter and I purchased season tickets there, and did see some wonderful plays. The building itself is where the problem comes in!  There are only 2 bathrooms, that I could see, not nearly enough, and lines are always a mile long line, to get into them! Don't think you will enjoy the play, if you try and buy tickets in the cheaper seats! Having never been there before, we decided to save a substantial amount of money, and get tickets in the "nose bleed" section. Not only were the seats hard, wooden, cramped,  torture devices, getting to them was, almost life threatening! I couldn't believe building codes, would allow these seats to be built with no safety margin, at all! You could actually topple down on other theater goers, if you miss a step or slip, while trying to maneuver the narrow aisle, to get to your seat! We actually grabbed an elderly man, with a cane, as he was about to do just that! Once we were finely seated, we were so high up, we couldn't hear or see what the actors were saying, or doing! We missed that play, as we left after a few minutes, and turned our tickets in, to upgrade to the more expensive tickets, that were still available. I do have to say, the more expensive seats were roomy, comfortable, and the aisles were wide and safe. Mary H.
1	Not enough women's bathrooms to accomodate female audience wheras men breeze right in. Female donors? They will have none. Further, the acoustics are terrible. Just guess the lines.
2	Paid my first visit to this venue, and as a degreed theatre professional having experienced theatre in cities across the country, Gammage leaves much to be desired. This is in NO WAY a reflection of the performance we saw, which was pretty top-notch.The venue is in bad need of a thorough renovation.  Dirty carpet, ugly salmon-colored paint, very limited bathroom space, ugly blinds all over, horrid lighting throughout the lobby (with all the money floating around AZ couldn't somebody spring for some chandeliers?).    If this is the best road-house AZ has to offer in terms of theatre...yikes.  My wife thought it looked and felt like a convention center.... to me it looked spaceship-y, or like one of those cookie-cutter baseball stadiums from the early 70's.  Maybe it was a "gem" back in the 60's, but it's time for a major renovation ASU.  There is potential here.
4	This place is my old stomping grounds when I went here for college. Anyways, the place hasn't changed since I was here in the 1980's. I came here a few weeks ago for the Lion King. I think it's the second time I've sat in the balcony. One thing to remember is that on the right side of the balcony are the even number seats and in the left are the odd number seats. Very unusually. We got tickets in seat 1 and it was right in the middle. Another reminder, one of the bad things about the balcony is that you can see really good but when someone leans forward then you can't see and have to keep on looking over the shoulders. If you don't mind not getting a great view when people in front of you bend forward. Otherwise, get the lower level seats. You can hear really good in the balcony too. So overall, this is a really good place to see anything from concerts, plays, etc. Enjoy and have fun.
5	*ROTD 1/1/2014*Had a great time. Me and the family had an opportunity to watch Evita last night. Never been to a place with so much leg room. Looks like there is no bad seats. Workers are very nice and courteous. A great night with a great woman on her birthday.
5	ASU Gammage really is a fun place for events. The event planner here, really has the upper hand over all other sites in town...ALL of the best Broadway acts seem to come here each year. ASU Gammage has embedded in my head the fact that they are the main place to see an Off-Broadway production in Phoenix.~What to Do~Gammage hosts a variety of acts, everything between significant Off-Broadway productions (Les Miserables, Rent, etc..) to musical acts of numerous ranges. The center is also built to house numerous public/private events.~The Good~I am a very big history nerd. I gobble it up. So I appreciate it when history not only is able to be viewed, but is functioning to this day. The history alone is worth a trip to see the place. Built many moons ago in 1964, this was considered to be the last grand-scale project completed by Frank Lloyd Wright. In 1985, it was placed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places...its a piece of American history!! FLW built the auditorium to assist with quick and easy dispersal of people from their seats for intermissions and shows. If you notice, it is very fast and simple to exit the auditorium, and the aisles are big enough that you barely have to move your legs to let someone pass by. Might I add the staff are always friendly and helpful? Well, they are! The sight-lines are very good even for balcony seats. Also, although it goes fast, they do offer free parking all around the area..or its about $6 to park around town...that's not bad in comparison to numerous other cities and their parking policies..we have it a bit easy here in Arizona, parking is always cheap :-D. Finally, the place is a 2 minute walk from the beginning of the Mill Avenue District, so I must add Location Location Location!!!~The Bad~Its old...I mean, it was built in 1964 for crying out loud. Seats aren't overtly comfortable as they are at say, the Phoenix Symphony. The balcony seats can be a tad further back, you can hear well, but sight lines get more difficult the further up you go. Parking, since it is free, goes very quickly. If you have an aversion for walking, then perhaps take a cab, because I always end up walking 5+ minutes. I do not mind it, but I do know many do. ~The Down Low~They get 5 stars because of the upper hand for scheduling shows, location of site, friendly staff, History of site, and ease of use in facility (crowd flow, refreshments, etc). Help yourself to amazing upcoming shows. I am planning on getting a mini-pack of tickets for the season because the shows are that good! Enjoy the show!
5	We were able to go and see the Evita show last night and what a blast. The theater is older and parking can be a bit tight in the area with the way the campus is laid out - but that isn't enough to make this a bad spot to hit up a show!The staff was incredibly friendly and kept on top of the "will call" line so that people didn't wait long.  They directed us to the very row we were sitting in, instead of just pointing to it and wishing us luck.  The seats are a bit tight due to the age of the theater - so be ready to be friendly with the person next to you, but they aren't too uncomfortable.  The line of sight can be a bit rough if you get further back in the seats, but the sound is easily heard anywhere in the theater.It's also pretty close to a variety of shops and restaurants in the area, so if you are looking to make a dinner date night out of a show, it's an easy spot to do so.Overall: AGreat show, great spot, semi-difficult - but free parking and nice staff.
4	I was fortunate to have the opportunity to receive tickets about a month ago to see the popular performance of Evita at ASU Gammage, and what an amazing performance it was. Keep in mind that theater and musicals have never my thing but I knew my daughter would enjoy the chance to go. We had a great view my only complaint is the break was a bit short and the restrooms too few. Although we still made time to indulge in drinks and a delish cake like brownie too. In this most intimate setting, and I was awe struck by the talented performers and how they could turn a small stage even having moving balconies into such a beautiful masterpiece! I got lost in the performance and now I am definitely a fan, as were so many around me as the show was given a standing ovation!  Although I must confess the very best part was hearing my daughter say she absolutely loved it too!
4	I first heard of ASU Gammage while on a Taliesin West tour learning about Frank Lloyd Wright. As we sat in the very back of the cabaret theatre, I was shocked to hear the promised whisper of the tour guide on stage. So when I was so lucky to be offered New Year's tickets to see Mamma Mia, I can't begin to tell you how excited I was.....aaaaand then I remembered my knee scooter / crutches. When I RSVP'd for the event the plan was for my cast to be off. Pass me the wine (and copious amounts of cheese) to sing you a sonnet but I was still hobbling for NYE.ADA ACCESSIBLEHowever, ASU Gammage runs a tight ship! Although an older building they were wonderful. Everyone answering the main number was able to answer questions about ADA accessibility. The space is beautiful and filled with character. Although expansive on the outside, the interior lobby is manageable to walk thru. (Ahem.) Navigate!When buying tickets please inquire about your specific ADA needs. They are *very* helpful!!VISITING TIPS (If You're 'Rolling!)* Elevator is located on the WEST side of the building.* Will call window is on the EAST side of the building. (Right when you pull into the parking lot.)* Handicapped parking surrounds the perimeter of the building but fills up fast! (I arrived at 6pm and watched it fill. 7:30pm performance.)* If the handicapped spots fill, the parking attendants will try to help. Cars with disabled parking *may* be placed in preferential spots in the general area.ARRIVE EARLYThis gets an entire section. The theatre has a number of station setup through out the lobby area. Enjoy a glass of wine or something to drink before the show. Why get to the theatre so early? Find your seat! There is no middle row to break up reaching seats. ELEVATOR* Only for visibly handicapped individuals.* It holds a limited number of adults comfortably. (~4ppl.)  INTERMISSION | BATHROOMS* If you need the powder room GO UPSTAIRS!* The two bathrooms downstairs are single occupancy handicapped.  * Handicapped individuals with a VISIBLE disability have priority use.  ^^ This rule is enforced. Intermission is 15 minutes. Use time wisely!STAIRS* Ground Level: The steps between rows are at a *very* graduated incline. Not steep at all. If you enter from the main hall walking down will not be onerous. (Nothing like going to a baseball game.)* Lobby: There are alternatives to taking the steps. You can walk / wheel on a flat curved incline. Neat!ORCHESTRA SEATS | WOAH NELLYI sat the furthest left to the stage possible. My view wasn't remotely obscured. Simply amazing.WHEELCHAIRS / WALKERS* Will be stored by ushers during performance. Thank you ASU Gammage! In particular, thank you Annemarie for taking so much time to explain everything to me. (I worry too much :)Thank you Yelp! Thank you to the cast of Mamma Mia for such a wonderful way to spend NYE! I'll never forget it!
5	I think I'm biased.  I love the arts so any facility that supports the arts, I'm going to naturally give it 5 stars. My hubby and I saw Mama Mia here the other night (thanks for the tkts Yelp and ASU Gammage)- we sat in row 21 seats 48 and 50. We had a good view of the stage and could see everything clearly.  Personally, when I watch a live performance, I like to sit at row 15 or closer cause I like to see the minute facial expressions of the actors but nonetheless, row 21 were very good seats. Mama Mia! was an excellent show (oh, I love anything ABBA!). It was quick and engaging. And the cast coud really sing!  There were a few parts though where I thought it was not appropriate for young children. Gammage itself is a classic. I have to admit, when I see the loooong row of seats with no break in the middle, I do feel a certain fear wondering what would happen to the people sitting in the center should there be a major fire outbreak?I also try to go to the bathroom before so I don't have to go during intermission. I mean, the bathrooms are few and the lines long that I could be in line, my legs crossed and still not get the chance to go to the bathroom during the 15 min intermission. Regardless, I love the shows they bring here and no matter what the facility conditions are, I love the shows here and will come here again and again to enjoy the shows!!!!
1	The productions are great but not worth the torture of sitting in this run down, shabby venue.Dirty carpet, dirty seats and generally disgusting dirty.What do they do with the money? They have Patrons and ticket prices are high.Sad they can't update and spend money where it's important.
4	This was part 2 of my NYE plans. I had won tickets to see Mamma Mia. I think I have been to Gammage once before a long time ago. Of course it has been here for forever. It is still a pretty nice place but I have to say that the interior is starting to really show it's age. Besides from the very 70's color scheme, the poor place just looks old. The seats are very well worn and the bathrooms are really out of date. Don't get me wrong it is still a nice place. I don't think Frank Lloyd Wright could design something bad. The flow of the building is very nice. The ramps inside are so much better than stairs and the they aren't steep at all. The isles are wide enough to allow people to pass while you are seated. The main lobby is also big enough to maneuver through with plenty of room leftover for concessions and souvenir sales.The show was great. I am not too big a fan of musicals but this one was good. The sound was great and the acoustics were near perfect. Thanks so much to Lindsey and Gammage for the tickets.We will definitely be back for more shows. This is a great place to see a play or musical. Sure it could use an interior update but that doesn't detract to much from the great experience that you will have.
2	I have seen Mamma Mia 4 times... NYC twice, Minneapolis, and at the Gammage.  Fortunately I am very familiar with the story and the music.  Thank goodness for that because I had a difficult time hearing.  I sat in the 5th row, and at times cupped my ears to hear better.  I read through all the Gammage reviews posted on Yelp and see that I am not alone.  I noticed they turned up the volume during the most engaging parts to build excitement.  I am sad to say, this is not unusual as this acoustic problem was evident at the Lion King and two other productions my wife and I have attended.  I don't mind the condition of the facilities and lack of bathrooms because I sprint to be the first in line.  It's satisfying to walk past the long line waiting to use the men's room when I return to the lobby.  I do care that I can't have clear sound.
3	Definitely not my favorite theater to see a show in. If you get a seat in the middle good luck if you need to get up and use the bathroom, and once you get to a bathroom expect a long wait. Aside from all that, it is a historical building and the shows they bring in are a lot of fun.
4	This was my first time to ASU Gammage (BIG thanks to Lindsey from Yelp Elite Phoenix for the group event!) and I came to see "Peter and the Starcatcher".  There are a few entrances to enter into the main building so where ever you park it's not hard to be near one.  Once you go in, there are many options for snacks and drinks like small desserts, a full bar for cocktails, coffee, soda, water, etc.  Prices range from $5-$12 for either food or drinks.  Very convenient!  Our seats were row 26 in the orchestra section - pretty good if the show utilized the entire stage.  Thank goodness I brought my glasses!!  However, the show "Peter and the Starcatcher" was very good. The character Pirate Blackstache had me rolling - he was flamboyant, hysterical, witty, and great delivery of those sassy punch lines.  The storyline was adorable as well.  I would say it was definitely appropriate for young teens & up.  I look forward to visiting the Gammage again in the future for another show to take me to another place soon!
4	I am a huge theatre fan. I am always on the lookout for good shows and the Gammage is the first place I look. There is never a bad seat in the house because of the way it is built. I have always sat in the balcony area because I am a teacher and we know how much they get paid, but I am always able to see what is going on and I still have a great time.     The last show I saw was Mamma Mia and it was amazing! The acoustics are fantastic, and being a band teacher, it sticks out. I am always pleasantly surprised that I can hear all of the actors clearly and be able to hear the orchestra accompany the songs.    The reason I gave it four stars, is because of the bathroom fiasco. There are several bathrooms but whoever installed them,was definitely not a woman because there were only 2 stalls for 2 levels of seating for women. I have hit the bathrooms at the right time and the wrong time. The wrong time was standing in line for the entire intermission only to finish as the lights were cueing us to go back to our seats. Of course, you forget about the inconvenience when the show starts back up again.      I am looking forward to going back to see another wonderful show soon!
4	Large venue that has Broadway shows and more!!! Has been a staple in Tempe forever. Lots of places to eat or get a drink before/after the shows!!!! Although there is some 'charm', it could use a make over one of these days as it is starting to show its age.......
5	I love this place!  I've had a lot of good memories here - graduation, musicals, plays, I've come to this venue a lot.  I think it's so cool that we have a place like this where popular traveling shows come to our town.  And the fact that parking is now free in the lot?  Extra bonus!
5	Went to see the show "Stomp" with a girlfriend, of many years, at ASU Gammage! I had a blast and it was a really great show! Would definitely go again to experience a show there!
4	I saw Shen Yun here a few weeks ago with my boyfriend and the production was wonderful. All of the ushers were very helpful and nice. We sat on he upper balcony and were still able to see. It is a little scary because you are so high up and the chairs are so steep, but you can see just fine from all places in the venue. It is a beautiful venue from the outside and not to mention HUGE. The architecture, sound, and visual quality of this building leaves something everyone can enjoy. The biggest nightmare about this venue is the parking. Sometimes if there is a popular production like Blue Man Group all of Mill Ave will be backed up and you will have to leave super early (this becomes a problem for music students who have class) and the parking attendants can be REALLY rude. Not to mention most of the people parking don't know how to navigate around the Gammage parking lot. It can get super frustrating. Also it would be nice if the meters were free after 7pm like the lot and not after 10pm so that patrons could park there and don't have to pay or worry about getting a parking ticket!
4	I won free tickets to ONCE, which was my first time seeing a show at Gammage. We sat up high (Tier B), but I still felt very much included in the performance. The building is beautiful from the outside, and charming on the inside. It was a little chilly at times, so I would suggest bringing a light sweater, but otherwise, I was very comfortable.
1	Attend a Broadway in Arizona performance at Gammage Auditorium and you'll receive a copy of Gambill, a local version of Broadway's Playbill. It's no doubt meant to be a cute play on words but what it really means is that it's a gamble whether or not you'll be able to hear a word spoken or sung during a show you and your date paid upwards of $120 to attend. My husband and I attended our first Gammage event in April of 2013. We went to hear David Sedaris speak. We were in the second row and the audio was terrible. The author had to restart his talk because no one could hear. The volume got louder but was accompanied by a screeching buzz the entire time. We chalked it up to an off night and optimistically purchased Broadway in AZ season tickets.Big mistake. The sound at each show was just as terrible. Apparently, unless you sit in a narrow "sweet spot" in the center orchestra section, be prepared to read lips. Better yet, just bring along the soundtrack and headphones and listen along on your own. Last night's performance of Once was so hard to hear that the gentleman in front of us who'd brought an assistive listening device gave up on it one song into the second act. I might be able to overlook the venue's shabby seats or the dark, dank restrooms if the sound quality were any better, but it isn't.  Until ASU takes their audio issues seriously, we won't waste any more money on tickets to Scammage performances.
3	This has to do with the production of Once...A-OK but ONLY if you are NOT in the balcony for any live performance.  It is not worth saving any money on a ticket since you will feel completely a part from any performance.  I could not afford the outrageous 109 for a semi-decent ticket, so settled for first row of balcony.  Completely disappointed.  Horrible acoustics for the balcony  Magical musical numbers were muddled and muted.  Staging of the production completely did not take in the fact of a balcony as one scene was in fact stage UP and all we could see were the actors feet.  And worse, spoken dialogue was inaudible.  Very frustrating to hear the audience below laughing and balcony could not hear anything, unless the actors got very dramatic.  Never again.
3	I've had season tickets to the Broadway Series here for more years than I care to admit.  Cons: Parking in the main lot can be an issue if you get there with less than 30 minutes to showtime and you will get directed to one of the overflow lots that will require a bit of a hike.  It's looking a little worn and needs a thorough sprucing up.  The sound can be horrid depending upon the production.  Pros: They are the only venue in the city to get national tours.  The bar has a no tip policy.  The cafe has relatively decent tasting pack and go meals.  They offer cast discussions at some performances.  The staff is very helpful and responsive to the needs of their guests.
5	I went to Gammage last night to see Sandra Day O'Connor and Ruth Bader Ginsberg. About a month ago I broke my kneecap and I am still in a straight leg brace. The floor managers went above and beyond to help me find a seat, and even managed to help me elevate my leg by providing a chair to rest it on.  If all managers in any business were as kind as this crew, service in Arizona would be exceptional! Bravo to Gammage for employing such exceptional individuals !One side note, the sound was terrible. I couldn't hear half the words spoken. I heard an elderly couple state they only heard about ten percent of what was said. I hope Gammage can address the issue they seem to have with the sound.
1	We got there 40 min early for parking. They had at least 50 open spots in general parking but they were still closed. The gate guy said they were saving those spots for handicapped. I thought that's what handicapped parking was for in the first place?? If they need more handicapped, then why don't they make more of those spots closer to the entrance. I doubt handicapped people want to walk across an entire parking lot!
4	A few tips will make your gammage event seamless:-arrive at least an hour early to park right in front.-sit in the main theater floor- of course the front 3 rows are best- orchestra pit rows a-c-eat before you arrive: there is no seating or tables to enjoy any snacks you may purchase.  They have great looking baked goods though I did not try them.-use the restroom on the second level, as lower level restrooms have only 1 stall-sit close to an aisle, of course no one likes crawling over laps to get out of your row.My mom and I saw Jersey Boys at Gammage in front row orchestra seats.  Amazing sound, as we were not directly in front of the speakers so we could hear the performers singing, not just from the mic. Our experience was flawless but I give this venue only 4 stars because it does seem dated.  The seats were bearable but not truly comfortable, bathrooms dated, and no lobby seating.  I wish they would make updates to enhance this frank Lloyd wright gem- fully embracing his style & commemorating his architecture.
5	Enjoyed "Jersey Boys" at the Gammage.  WOW!  So impressed.  Great venue, fantastic music, fun play, the ultimate of enjoyment!  I want to go again and again and again.Only 1 complaint - serving alcohol.  I don't think it's the place for that. (my opinion)
2	poor sound .... hard to understand actors.HORRID PARKINGTERRIBLE PARKINGArrive 1 hour early and parking is all goneI will never go here again.
5	Seeing Kinky Boots with my daughter in law. So excited will write more laterWhat a fun energetic show.  We had such a great evening. Front row seats to boot. No pun intended.    Great story and fabulous entertainers.  Setting and costumes just rightPerfect evening and end if a great time in ArizonaAllow extra time to park and walk.  Parking sucks there
4	I am updating with 5 stars for the programming and for my love of the Arts. And 3 stars for having long rows with no breaks in them for traffic flow. My son and I were there 2 nights ago where we saw the best of the state high schoolers perform in an orchestra. The highs schoolers were terrific. And the conductor connected great with the audience. My 8 yr old son was my date and we sat smack in the middle of this very, very, very long row. Then he had to go to the bathroom. We had no choice but to interrupt the patrons again and again and again and again . . . You get the idea. Everyone was very nice about it. That's the good part. The other good part was even after saying what felt like a hundred excuse me's my son, thankfully made it to the bathroom in time!
4	Even with a short amount of time available it is a very worth while visit to call into the ASU Gammage. The architecture is inspired and I can only imagine how special it would be to attend a concert here. Make sure you see the garden before you go, and the gift shop is also extremely good.
5	Wonderful experience last night at the opening night of Pippin.We had a great time. Being a lover of the theater I think it's too bad the women have to spend all the intermission standing in line to go to the Bathroom. However we had an amazing time. Thanks. Will be back.
4	Pippin was very entertaining and deserves at least 4 stars.  I must say it was VERY difficult to hear the words that were said or sung. What was heard was great so I'm sure what I missed was also fabulous. Perhaps the sound system needs to be updated.  Our seats were good, visually great to see the stage even though they were in the last row for the special needs population, which we required. The venue is beautiful & if you are able to arrive an hour prior to the show, parking is right u front & easy to depart from. All in all my group had a great time.  Expect to pay $4 for a bottle of water!
3	I think Symphony Hall or Orpheum Theatre or even Chandler Center for the Performing Arts are much more elegant venues and I guess I am one of those weird people that enjoys dressing up for a night at the theater. But Gammage does have it's own charm. There is a very laid back vibe to it, probably because it is on a college campus. They allow you to take food and drink into the theater, which is both good and bad. It is fun to watch a show with a glass of wine, but I always feel like the place is a little dirty and smells funky because of that. And everyone knows they do not have enough restrooms. However, they get all the traveling Broadway shows here and there is always something cool to see.
2	Well a bit dissapointed. Went to steamroller concert with rents with what seems like all the 50 up crowd lol.. anyways no valet  witch is fine but would be nice for full concert. The concert it self was a bit dragging. With the many nods to Michigan college , also the fact that there was advertising for his music and up coming shows. Bye the way this was his back group witch someone who likes music was off. The drummer was louder then orchestra and over poured all music. There was no food offered on there menu. No hummus etc for 8 bucks. It would have to be a great concert to pull me there.. fyi they may wanna invest in seat lights that are controlled espic during intermission, there is ample foot room but no lighting makes it hard to move. Maybe next time.
