5	Fantastic and truly authentic Mexican place right of State St. Eat here and be very happy.
4	Great new addition to campus. We judge a Mexican restaurant by its chips and salsa - they were great! We had the carne asada gorditas and tacos, both were delish. Chicken tacos were also great! The beans and rice weren't the best but not that big of a deal. Two ate for $12
2	Dry, dry, dry is the only thing I can say about this place.I went with a few friends who loved their meals, but I wasn't entirely thrilled with mine. I had a steak quesadilla which was incredibly bland. The soft shell as somewhat pita-like and warm, which was nice, but when everything is so dry--it lacks in taste.The only reason this place gets a second star is because the service was good; our waitress generally cared and helped me out because I have a food allergy to onions. Very, very sweet waitress! I'd come back for the service and maybe to try it again, but for now, I'm not entirely keen on it.
5	I am so fucking excited. There is finally a good, authentic Mexican restaurant in Madison. No longer will I have to eat tacos that taste like I made them while I was drunk and out of money. My reaction after my first bite into my gordita resembled what it would have been had I found gold in there. It's amazingly good and it tastes just like the food that you once had to travel to a big city like Chicago to find.This was admittedly the first good gordita I've ever had. The shell was crunchy and buttery, neither too hard nor too soft. The cilantro and onions that were fresh and flavorful, and the hostess was happy to add whatever toppings I could think of. The avocado I got was a little bland. But the steak I got in it was undoubtedly the best part.The steak here is seasoned and cooked in a way that really screams "authentico" - peppery and soft, with just the right amount of fat. It's cut into cubes and is extremely well-complemented by the veggies.However, I got a chicken quesadilla in addition to my gordita, and was less than impressed. For one, it just looked like a taco without vegetables. The ratio of meat to cheese to tortilla didn't work. There was nothing about it to set it apart as a quesadilla, and the cheese they use here doesn't make for the gooey mess that you hope to get when you order a quesadilla. The chicken was just alright. It lacked a good marinade or rub and had a papery consistency. The lack of any good spice leaves me thinking I won't get it again.I finally finished off my meal with an excellent steak taco. It was obviously made from the same corn tortilla that wrapped around my chicken taco masquerading as a quesadilla, and contained the same ingredients as my gordita. I wish I'd asked for more toppings, since the default with everything is just your basic cilantro and onions.Instead, I loaded up the taco with the two salsas they provided. The green chile salsa didn't have a very strong taste of chile verde, and definitely wasn't spiced or spicy enough. The red salsa had an interesting taste and a good kick, as well as a soupy consistency. But like the green chiles, it lacked boldness.I got all this for a total of $8.50. While some might say this is a bit much for Mexican food, it is definitely worth the quality of food you're getting. I'll be sure to visit a lot more in the future.
4	Los Gemelos might finally be the eatery to stick in this East Gilman location that briefly housed one of those forgettable chain calzone joints.  In its place is a colorful yet no-nonsense big city-style taqueria - think Chicago, San Francisco and so on.  Walk up to the counter and put in your order with the friendly female proprietor.  Choose from a full menu of options, including quesadillas, tamales, burritos and so on, or stick with the classic steak, or carne asada, taco, served traditional-style with onion and cilantro.  The tacos come delivered to you, in the late hours, in a paper bag; find your seat, remove and unroll the little bundles of joy and - wait!  Be sure to apply what appears to be house-made salsa (I recommend the green sauce), then enjoy.  For a couple of bucks per taco, you will be hard-pressed to find a tastier, less expensive and higher-quality product in the downtown area, particularly in the post-dinner hours.On my visit to Los Gemelos, I appreciated the friendly staff who were clearly still working out some of the kinks (the boss lady was trying to get her younger employees to get with the program, and openly "redirected" their attentions when they seemed to be lagging on their duties).  The boss also wasn't shy about running a tight ship in the dining room, chiding some college-age kids when they started getting too boisterous and obnoxious - I had to laugh, and I surely appreciated knowing that any drunken rowdiness would have her to contend with.For this kind of authentic inexpensive Mexican fare, one usually has to travel down to the South Park St. area for Guadalajara or (the, in my opinion, better El Pastor).  Los Gemelos brings quick and tasty Mexican food downtown.  I wish them luck as they develop their fan base and deal with running the tight ship in the heart of studentville.
5	Seems like they stepped up their game lately with the salsa. It's got a hell of a lot more of a kick to it.Also got a potato and chorizo gordita this time around. It was amazing, and I hate sausage. The chorizo blended with the potatoes in a way that made it seem more like an additional flavoring to the potato rather than random chunks of meat. The potatoes were buttery and thick, and gave the whole gordita a delicious and interesting consistency. I was so excited to eat it that I burnt the hell out of my mouth in the process.
5	Seriously, thanks to the Mexican food gods for real tacos just off State Street. Chipotle, your necessity has been eliminated. I will forever be a Taqueria Guadalajara fan, but when on campus or downtown, this place cannot be beat for authentic Mexican food.And please, don't go to a Mexican place and order a burrito or a steak quesadilla. It's about the tacos (that should always have cilantro and onions), and the gorditas, and the sopes, and the tostadas. Kind of excited to try the chorizo/potato option next time around. I love sopes, and while these are different than the TG version, they are also very good. Thick, fried (?) corn-pita type things topped with your choice of meat plus lettuce, tomato and avocado. Yum. They have good chips and salsa too. Ask for the bottled salsa too, as it's spicier and a little more interesting than the standard pico de gallo. Also have to love getting a filling lunch for 5 or 6 bucks. The servers are really nice and helpful as well.
5	Finally! An authentic Mexican place downtown that doesn't disappoint. In fact, tacos are a close second to my absolute Madison favorite, taqueria Guadalajara.
3	This place makes their tortillas fresh which makes all the difference in the world for the taste.  I ordered the steak fajitas and the boyfriend had some tacos with a gordita.  Neither of us were impressed with the gordita.  The fajitas were good, but the meat was clearly low quality and a over cooked.  However, the tortillas definitely made up for it.  The tacos were delicious.  Service is terrible here.  It seemed like the wait staff didn't have assigned roles and it wasn't clear who was going to take our order, if anybody.  We just ordered as though we were going to carry out and then found our own booth.
4	I have been here several times for lunch and had a great experience each time.  I love the bean tostado and tacos.  Not fancy, but good, fresh Mexican food at an affordable price.  The staff say that they hand-make a lot of the food and it does taste that way!
2	Decent inexpensive Mexican restaurant. Not particularly special. The food was okay and arrived quickly. This place will feed you if you are hungry and don't have a lot of money in your pocket.
4	Finally, a place to get some great tacos for cheap. Tortillas are homemade, the salsa is amazing. If you want great service and table clothes, this is not your place. If you want three amazing chorizo tacos with rice and beans for 8 bucks, this is your place. Light on the wallet, amazing on the palate. I'm hoping this place sticks around!
5	Best Mexican food within walking distance of campus. Screw Chipotle, this place is 1000x better. The steak tacos are amazing and 2 bucks a pop. The tostadas never disappoint. This is probably the best mexican food outside of mexico/california that I've ever had.
4	Definately a good taco fix.  Not the holy grail but very very decent.
5	The perfect hole in the wall place! If you want great, authentic, fresh food, this is the kind of place you go!
4	Great food, friendly staff.  What stood out to me is when a dining partner spilled his beverage when they were bringing the food, he knocked my food onto my lap.  They promptly brought another plate without us having to ask.  Inexpensive, but tasty.  Try the chorizo tacos.  Their tortillas are really good.  It's not a fancy dining experience - food comes in plastic baskets and a piece of wax paper - but it's a great value.
4	Gotta agree with the praise for Los Gemelos. Great $3 sopes, tasty tacos too! All freshly made that should be freshly made. Contento!
4	Yum! Great food, fast and cheap. Don't think you can get better Mexican in the area.
5	best tacos in town!I wish they had a paper menu for dialing in my carry-out...
5	Hidden gem. Authentic and delicious Mexican food. They are incredibly fast. You can't go wrong with the sopes ( lots of fresh avocado) or the chorizo tostadas. The guacamole is great too! Love this place.
1	The food at Los Gemelos is great, but be very careful when paying by credit card.  They recently mischarged my card over twice what my meal should have cost.  I caught the error right away and they brought me a revised bill, telling me they'd fix the problem later.  Two days later I see on my statement that they did not fix the problem and I had been charged for both the incorrect and the correct bills.  When I called them they were quite rude to me and told me I had to physically bring a copy of my bank statement to them to prove I had been mischarged!  So I print out my statement, bring my two receipts, and sit there for 15 minutes and wait while they figure it out (by looking at the credit card machine, why didn't they do that when I was on the phone instead of putting me through all this!!).  Once they believe me, they give me a refund by check, so I had to waste more of my time going to the bank to deposit it.  Total time wasted, 2 hours.  After a weak apology, they didn't even offer me anything for my inconvenience!   Go there, the food is good, but you might want to pay cash.
5	Los Gemelos is AMAZING.  I live only a block away and have been going there for about a year now.  The fresh salsa are very, very, good but beware the spiciness if you're not used to.If you are hungry for some really fast, cheap Mex fix, then go for a couple of steak Sopes.  If you are the kind of person who wants rice and beans and make it up yourself, you want the fajitas.Its seriously good food.  I looked in when it first opened and was like "Wow, this place looks really cheap and shitty" but when I went there the first time (only because it wasn't the only place packed for the women's soccer world cup match) I decided to order a taco and was very, very surprised!Moral of the story?  Don't judge the place by how it looks.  It's like a dive bar equivalent that makes really solid drinks.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Skip all the other Mexican places in Madison and go right to Los Gemelos.  The food is tasty and cheap and the service is good.Los Gemelos has an unassuming interior and exterior.  The plastic booths and cheap decor might make you think that you're going to get shitty food, but slow your roll.  The food (even though it comes in plastic baskets) is made to order and very, very good.  I consider this place to be a Madison hidden gem.  Hopefully the owners will decide to update the interior to match their above-average food.  Some might find the portions small, but the small prices makes it easy to get a big meal for $6-$10.  I ordred two quesadillas and couldn't finish the second one.The service was fine.
2	Not that authentic. Taqueria Guadalajara is much better tasting and has similar menu.
1	Los Gemelos was our first stop on our first visit to Madison. It was a pretty bad welcome, and is among the strangest experiences I've had in a restaurant. Here's how it went:Drinks were ordered and brought, then the food ordering commenced.  A basket of chips hadn't been delivered, so I thought I'd double check that they were complimentary, since we ordered the guacamole that was on special."We don't have chips.""Pardon?"(Bored stare) "we don't have chips.""You don't ever have chips or you don't have them today?""We just don't have chips.The guy hasn't come in to make them.""Do you have salsa?""No.""Ok, I think we might come back another time.""You still have to pay for the sodas."Yikes. No thanks.
5	Oh, wow.  This place brought back memories of Mexico.  It's much more authentic Mexican than most places around here (and not so much Tex-Mex or Cal-Mex).  Not fancy -- pretty bare-bones hole-in-the-wall.  But very tasty!!!My Enchiladas Mexicanas were fabulous with fresh avocado on top, for less than $10. Delicious home-made salsa on the side. Don't expect the same kind of "Mexican" that you get at chain restaurants.
4	Delicious. It's the most authentic Mexican food you can get on State Street. I've only gotten takeout, so I'm not sure how the "in-restaurant" experience is, but I do know the food is great. My favorite is the carnitas tacos w/beans and rice. Always satisfying.
4	Very good Mexican food with very good service.  Neither the food nor the service are perfect, though, so only four stars.I like the chorizo tacos and the chiles rellenos.  I've found that they never heat the latter enough and it's often not quite melted.  This has been a problem even when I've specifically asked them to heat it longer.  Most of the people who work there are extremely friendly, but there have been one or two exceptions.In either case, they do a really nice job and are a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  I would definitely recommend them.
4	Keeping it short: Taco quest came. Taco quest saw. Taco quest conquered.Wonderfully close, cheap, and accessible. Excellent carne asada tacos, good chicken and pastor, so-so chorizo. It's authentic, though, without a doubt. Thumbs up
5	Great State Street location. Newly renovated (looks fantastic)! The food is authentic and fresh and for the price, it's unbeatable.
4	Awesome tacos
5	It was way better than I thought it would be.  It's not High Dining, but it's definitely authentic Mexican and very delicious.
4	Met a friend here for lunch on a weekday; it was my first visit and definitely won't be my last.  We grabbed a table near one of the front windows; a waitress appeared with menus and an order of chips and salsa.The salsa was extremely fresh tasting - diced chunks of tomato and onion, cilantro, and a hint of lime.  The chips weren't anything spectacular, but the salsa was solid.  We ordered soft drinks and browsed the menu.Our server recommended the chimichangas, but we were interested in being a little healthy, so we opted for tacos - we ordered one of each (steak, chicken, and pastor).  They were a reasonable $2 each.Within a few minutes, our baskets arrived - they looked delicious.  Accompanying our chow were two bottles of house-made hot sauces: one green, one red.  The green had some seriously great flavor, along with a good kick of heat.  The red was tasty, with less heat than the green.I sampled the steak taco first.  Corn tortillas were soft and tasty.  The steak was super high quality, nicely seared, and lean.  The diced onion and chopped cilantro were plentiful and fresh.  Green sauce contributed a nice little flavor boost.The chicken was shredded and served with shredded cheese.  Unfortunately, it was lacking in any real flavor.  Definitely required the addition of the green and red hot sauces.The pastor stole the show - it was superb.  Flavorful and just excellent.  Get this.  Los Gemelos = WINFood = 4 starsService = 3 starsValue = 4 starsMISC = 3.5 starsI wish I hadn't waited so long to try this place.  It's a gem.
5	SO GOOD ! That is all I really can say. The portions are good and worth the price. My belly is always satisfied after a meal there.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in Madison when I come up to visit. I love their tostadas carne asadas, so yum! The price is perfect, my tostadas are $3 each. Not to mention, this is the only food that actually soaks up [insert] liquids and is so good that it doesn't come back the way in came in! :P I can't really tell any differences between their horchata or anywhere else's, but I always buy from them because I love horchata all-around. Service usually is decent with one or two of them seeming impatient or they just stare, but other than that it's fine. I love their green salsa, spicy and a good complement to the tostadas~!I can't wait to come back here :D.
1	Diluted Mexican cuisine.  Nothing "hot" about the hot sauces- either green or red.  The half of a cup of watery salsa was inadequate  to mask the flavor of the greasy if plentiful tortilla chips (for which no plates or napkins were offered).    The chili relleno and frijoles were the blandest I have ever eaten outside of a chain restaurant's drive-through. The television blared a raucous Mexican talk show to an empty dining room.  Loud, tasteless, plastic decor  for easy clean up with none of the authentic and endearing kitsch brought back from the homeland.
5	I can't possibly say enough good things about Los Gemelos! Not only do they have a fantastic variety of authentic (topped with only cilantro and onion) tacos, but the prices are incredibly cheap. My go-to meal is two campechano tacos and a side of beans. If you've never had these tacos before, you must try them! The filling is a mixture of spicy chorizo sausage with crispy steak pieces. They are so good that I can't help but crave them constantly. Steak tacos are also a great choice! With its great choice of authentic Mexican dishes and low prices, Los Gemelos is an amazing choice whenever you are close to the downtown area!
3	This place really deserves 2 stars, but it's graded on a midwestern mexican food curve. It's not terrible, it's also not terribly tasty either. It's just kind of blah. But it could be so much worse! So it's got that going for it.
1	The food is amazing but the service is pretty bad. Very unprofessional. Get it to go.
3	Pico de Gallo is really,really good. Extremely fresh and flavorful.I have only eating their chicken and steak fajitas and they both were seasoned awesomely. However, I do not care for the rice or beans. I wish they would give you the option to cheese black beans and they wouldn't use peas, beans and carrots in their rice. It doesn't taste authentic at all. I think they puree the beans and I am not a fan of the consistency. I am also sure they have pork in them which I do not eat.It's a quick place to grab a taco. If you have a taste for Mexican, it does the job but I have tasted better.
3	I lived in Austin, TX for a good while so when I moved I was bummed to leave behind all the awesome Mexican food the city had to offer.  My husband and I searched and searched for a good Mexican joint until we came across Los Gemelos--it means twins in Spanish :)The food was average.  The staff was super friendly, but the food just didn't measure up (and yes, I do have high expectations but Mexican food is NOT that hard to cook if you know what you're doing).  If you don't have a car and live close to UW, then the restaurant's location on State Street can't be beat.  However, Cucos on Buckeye Rd in East Madison (off Stoughton) sets the standard for Mexican food in Madison.  This is the place to eat if you're in the mood for authentic Mexican food--ask for Diana!  She makes killer margaritas.
5	Great Mexican place in downtown Madison just off State Street. This place strikes you as very authentic (perhaps it was something about the luchador fights on TV in the restaurant with the Spanish commentary).Food was awesome. Had tostadas and gorditas which were both fantastic (chorizo, steak, pastor (pork) - can't go wrong!). You can buy individual tostadas or gorditas for $3.50/$3 each though there are lots more options. Also had this amazing drink that was like milk with cinnamon toast crunch flavoring. Definitely check that out.
4	Great Mexican food bang for the buck (or should I say peso)My daughter and I dropped in during the Madison Art Fair on the Square.  We were headed to Chipotle, but after seeing some great Yelp reviews, we diverted off State Street to try this little hole in the wall taqueria on Gilman Street.Unless you're a big fan of formica, the decor barely rates one star, we're talking dive with a capital D.  The place could use a real thorough cleaning as well.  Our tabletop was a sticky, but with a napkin, some water and a lot of elbow grease, our eating space became acceptable.  The flat screen on the wall featured the Mexican version of MTV which kept my 10 year old very entertained with the plot development of each video.  (Boy gets girl, boy loses girl, boy is sad) The laminated menu contained primarily Mexican food truck fare (tacos, gorditas, burritos, tostadas, etc.)  As a fan of the late, great Up and In podcast, I was overjoyed to see Boing! as one of the beverage options along with Jarritos and horchata.  But with ala cart prices from $2 to $3 for many of the items, it encouraged us to sample a variety of items.The cheese quesadilla ordered by my daughter was a revelation.  Rather than your standard thin layer of shredded jack cheese pressed between a couple of tortillas, this baby featured a crispy masa pocket crammed full of melted queso fresco cheese.  She quickly wolfed it down and ordered a second one, proclaiming this version to be far superior to what she's consumed at Pasqual's or Chipotle.I ordered a steak taco, a pork gordita and a chorizo & potato sopes.  The steak taco came in a double corn tortilla topped with finely chopped onions, queso fresco and cilantro.  Unlike the pungent onions that plagued a recent meal at La Mestiza, these onions were fresher and the smaller dice complimented the meaty goodness of this taco.  The steak was well seasoned and perfectly prepared.  The pastor gordita, which had the same masa exterior as the quesadilla was also a culinary delight.  The crispy exterior was a perfect foil to the melt in your mouth goodness of the pork filling.  The chorizo sopes was a solid offering, but it was a little greasy and did not meet my lofty expectations after enjoying the steak and pork offerings.The basket of chips that we were served were average.  My daughter did not like having to apply the salsa from a squeeze bottle onto the chips.  The salsa was watery and a little bland compared to the other items we enjoyed.Service was a little chaotic.  The server that took our order was not very attentive (it was a rare occurrence to get water glasses and / or the chip basket refreshed), but halfway through the meal, we were adopted by another server who did a great job.  The total bill with tip was about $20, a great value for the quantity / quality of the food received.  I definitely plan on returning to try more of the menu.
3	it was back during my first year as a graduate student and my study budies were hungry after tons of hours studying at Memorial library. It was midnight and most of the libraries were closed. So, we were trying to find a good spot to study and to munch to keep us awake. None of the coffee shops were open so destiny took us to this place. It was obviously not a study spot, but was indeed an affordable and delicious food place. We had some tacos, with a basket of free chips. That night, we were thankful. On my next visits, I gotta try some other menus, like chicken quesadillas and tortas with chicken. The latter came in a big portion so I needed a box to go! their boing was refreshing!As much as I enjoyed the food here, I was reluctant to give it a four or five star rate, as ehm, they need to work on the cleanliness of the restaurant. It isn't that dirty, but not clean either.
3	Ordered chile rellenos. They were above average. Rice was average. My wife order Suiza Enchiladas and they were tasty. Overall the food was not to Texas standards, but substantially better than I expected.
2	Have been here several times--food is relatively good, service is consistendly lackluster at best.  Asked for huevos rancheros since eggs are on the menu--overheard waitress at both our table and others say NO more times than yes--about everything.  Finally ordered a dish described with eggs over easy--then eggs were served like  were overdone hockey pucks.  Send them back? with whom? they were not very busy, but servers were unengaged--no one came back to check on us.  We felt like food cart patrons at a place with table service prices--and blaring TV's like the electronics dept at Walmart--cannot hear yourself think.the food came up quickly and the interior was clean, but felt like we were an imposition versus welcome guests.
5	Pretty good food for a cheap price. Although if don't really expect much in terms of customer service (it's not a fancy restaurant) I've never had any issues with the servers or food taking too long. Pretty nice place for a quick meal.
4	Second best burrito in Madison, WI to Tex Tubbs. They're HUGE, so don't bother getting sides or anything like that. I always got chicken or beef. It's a very authentic place, easy to walk to if you live in town and I never had a bad experience with their burritos. This was definitely one of my go to places in Madison. Enjoy.
4	I go here for the delicious chicken and steak tacos, 2 dollars a taco. I even like the rice and beans. The female staff are cute too. Lol.
2	I went to The Twins quite a lot in my college hayday, with most of the time being a very late night affair.  My friends seemed to be enamored by it, but I personally sort of despised it when my drunken buddies dragged me there.  To understand my displeasure, i'll refer to my "Mexican restaurant checklist":Free chips/salsa? - Nope.Margaritas? - Nope, but I believe they do serve some alcohol, but I was never personally interested in it, because whenever I came here I would be coming back into sobrietyBig Burritos? - Check, but i'll elaborate on this further below.Family run establishment? - I'm not sure, but i'm inclined to say nope.Cheap? - Check, but you pay for what you get.Open late? - Check.They're missing quite a few ticks compared to other nearby restaurants, such as Francisco's Cantina.  Beyond all of this, I have one complaint that makes me dread going to Los Gemelos:  Almost all of their food sucks.  Note that half of the time i've been here, i've come after several drinks, and i'm still able to say that.  It's quite an achievement if your food doesn't hit the drunk spot.  The only exception i've found to this is the vegetarian nachos, and i'm personally not in the market for restaurant nachos, as I make danker ones at home.  Their burritos are bland, their quesadillas are more like gigantic fried cheese curds, and the ingredients in their salads are of low quality.I'm giving this a 2 mainly because I reserve my 1's for places that are true hellspawns, but this one is close.  It doesn't help that their service is very meh, and that there's better places nearby for late night Mexican food (See:  Francisco's, Taco Shop).  Here's hoping I can convince my drunk friends to go to those places instead!
1	Left feeling ill after a dinner with three friends. It was not simple food poisoning; it tasted bad, and the two other compatriots who attended felt worse than I did! We ate an assortment of different foods, indicating that it was not a simple issue of "don't get beef" or something along those lines. The staff seemed annoyed at our presence. The atmosphere is ugly. Perhaps it was a bad night for them, but the other two times I attended are effectively wiped from my memory apart from a half-decent horchata.
5	I can't believe it took me so long to go to Los G's (I don't think people actually call it that but I'm making it a thing).Get the pork al pastor and chorizo tostadas (they're two different tostadas but maybe if you ask nicely they'll put both meats on one for you?). The chorizo is perfectly crispy and salty and AMAZING and the pastor tostada is a 10 as well. I prefer the tostadas over the tacos because I like the extra "mmfph" the crunch gives them.Seriously, go now. It stays open late enough.
4	Some of the best most authentic tacos for a reasonable price in town. I'm a Taqueria Guadalajara kind of girl, but I figured I'd root for this place, too.I'm also hating that everyone is running on about getting "sick," while eating their food. I've eaten here a million times, the atmosphere inside is very standard, and I see these servers run around while thirty drunk people come in and bum rush the whole place, make a huge mess eating, and leave terrible tips.You know what, Los Gemelos is good food and that's what matters and I appreciate what they do.
5	Can't wait for spring so I will feel comfortable about walking about that area(new to Wi & snow)& going to enjoy this place, the staff is really nice & friendly.. the food outstanding... made me think of San Diego!!  The serving size was plentiful since I was really craving Mexican food! The restroom was clean too.
1	It is soooo Mexican. I have ever tried different Mexican resturants and this one is the least one I like
4	Delicious, fresh and authentic! I had 3 tacos (chicken, beef and pastor); thanks to the suggestion of another Yelpers. Made the same way my Mexican friends make it. The BF ordered beef quesadillas, which he enjoyed as well. Enjoyed the sauces on the table - verde = mild, red = spicy. Will definitely be back for more food! Quick and attentive service.
3	It's cheap and has a halfway decent menu but I received absolutely horrid service here. Pretty so-so for a Mexican restaurant.
4	Mexican food right on State St! Well, close enough, it's right off State on Gilman. I can't thank my co-worker enough for his recommendation. They have daily specials, selected mexican items that comes in a 'combo', which means, in mexican terms, beans and rice =) Complimentary chips and salsa if you choose the dine-in option. But for me mostly Los Gemelos is a grab and go place since it's very close to where I work, we would call to order ahead, saves us more time that way ~~Their sopes and gorditas are my favorite. For sopes I love the combination of beans, steak or pastor, cheese, avocado and lettuce put together on a thick flour tortilla. It's a very refreshing feeling (and taste) to bite into one of those. The gorditas are a slight different version, your choice of fillings wrapped in a Mexican styled pita pocket, as I like to call it. Do note that even though vegetarian options are being offered, I have found the potatoes option just didn't go well with their sopes. The gorditas are fine with potato fillings, but it's still not my top choice. Service has always been prompt and friendly. No problems with food hygiene or quality in the 8 or so times I've been there.
2	okayyishh.. Not a lot of variety for vegetarian. Have had much better mexican food!
4	IMO one of the best Mexican restaurants in town.  Food is great and prices are good.  Their quesadillas are a must, and their sopes are also great.  My only compliant is the attitude of the fat lady behind the counter.
4	This is one of the best places to get "authentic" Mexican food near State Street in Madison. The irony there is that I am not a huge fan of authentic Mexican.The food is exactly what you would expect from a slightly divey Mexican quick service spot. Solid flavors, with the tacos being probably the best item on the menu. The pricing is very reasonable, but I generally will go to places that are a bit more Tex Mex.But for those of you who are all about authenticity, there are few better options in Madison. Check it out next time you finish your bar crawl!
3	This was my first visit to this restaurant.  You have to pay to park, about $2 per hour, but you can use your credit card to pay if you like, that was nice.  We were the only people in the place at 11am, we were directed to sit wherever we would like.  The lady behind the counter was a tad cool and a little rude, maybe she was having a cruddy day, no worries.  Anyhow, onto the food, the same woman brought us some chips, pico and two bottles of salsa, the green was my favorite, I poured it all over my food, good stuff and not too spicy.  The chips were forgettable, not impressed, but they were free, so no big whoop.  I ordered a steak taco and a chicken gordita.  The steak taco was one of the best I have ever had, well seasoned steak, fresh cilantro and onions on 2 corn tortillas, I wish I would have ordered 2 of those!  The chicken gordita wasn't that good in my opinion, needed a healthy dose of the green salsa and the chicken was pretty dry.  My husband ordered a chicken gordita and a chicken quesadilla, he thought they were just fine, but needed to give them both a good dose of the salsa on the table.  The side of rice and beans were forgettable and pretty expensive for the amount they give you, lesson learned, won't order those again.  Soda is free refilled, but they should be at $2 a pop for a small glass, might just get water next time.  I loved the steak tacos and the green salsa, the service and the other food I tried, not so much.  If I am near that part of town and have a hankering for steak tacos, I will stop in.
5	We ate dinner on Friday night-wow! Best chicken tostadas I have ever had!Service was friendly and quite accommodating. Thank you for such a delicious Mexican meal! Will be back next time we are in are in Madison.  GO BADGERS!
4	I never, in my life, expected the most authentic Mexican food I've had to come from a place in Wisconsin. I grew up in Texas, and you could find stellar Tex-Mex food on every corner, but authentic central Mexican dishes are had to find anywhere I've been. The moment I bit into my beef quesadillas, folded into that fluffy, crunchy, delicate corn masa shell, the food took me right back to my trip to Guanajuato. My only regret is that I only tried the one dish. I can't wait to come back next time I'm in town.Overall, the atmosphere and service are so-so, but the food is fantastic. Perfect for casual lunches and dinners.
1	Margaritas were made with store bought margarita mix. The chips were not fresh and they were out of a bag. There was no free chips/salsa refills. I ordered a chicken and cheese quesadilla, and it came out with only cheese and tasted very bland. Service was not only poor, but they were not pleasant. By far he worst "Mexican" restaurant I've ever been to, and I will not return.
4	Horchata doesn't get better than this. The consistency of the cinnamon infused rice milk at Los Gemelos is perfection. It's spiced and sugared and oh so good. Many restaurants tend to dull this drink down so it's thin as water and way too sugary. Not Los Gemelos, nuh uh. They do it way right.Get some tacos while you're here too. The steak variety is served with cilantro and diced onion and is probably best, but I've had chicken a handful of times as well. If you're looking for something a tad heartier, go for the fajitas and prepare for a lot of food. I love that smokey grilled taste on the meat and veggies, nailed it.Also, they default to corn tortillas here, which is fine by me because they're delish but ask for flour if that's your thing. Service can be bothersome at times, especially if you're pressed for time, but that can't keep me away from their horchata. I have yet to find a better glass.
5	I love this place.. I have been here twice. And I have been to lots of mexican places in Madison. But to me it is the best of them. Would highly recommend
