3	I was with my coworker on a business appt in this area today and he suggested we eat lunch here.  I was a little hesitant because the places he has mentioned in the past as being his usual haunts usually don't agree with me but I was actually surprised.  Now, the part of town is a bit sketchy and the interior is nothing fancy but the quality of food and the prices were right in line with what I wanted.  I decided to be safe and get the Taco Salad with Chicken Lunch Special (since I had a bad experience with Los Olivos only a few days ago).  They actually give you large strips of flavorful, tender chicken.  The chips were yummy and they offered 2 salsas. One was a bean style salsa that was mild and the other was a standard medium flavored.The wait-staff was polite and quick on the refills (I am a big water drinker) so I appreciate the promptness.  I probably won't go out of my way to eat here but if in the neighborhood I will certainly stop by for a quick, tasty, and affordable lunch.
4	Easily one of the Best Mexican Restaurant in the Greater Phoenix Area, especially for the money.SERVICEAlways friendly, fast, and very accomodating. There is not host/hostess in this restaurant. So, servers will seat you although you can seat yourself if you don't mind waiting for your server.I have been there many times and unless they're quite busy i never wait for a refill on beverages or chips and salsa. They are not always the most thoughtful servers, but always very accomodating to your requests. FOODAlways hot, fresh, and higher quality than most mom & pop mexican hole-in-the-walls. i have yet to find something i didn't like on the menu. However, i do reccommend any item with steak -- their steak is so favorful. Absolutely excellent!They do offer several kinds of salsas. They usually bring out a bean salsa and your typical mexican tomato salsa. Both are good, although most of my friends and I find the bean salsa to be superior and more unique than most restaurants in this category. Also, they do make a darn good Horchatta as well.The value of food for your money is superb! Most items do not cost more than $10. The amount of food you receive is above average, not ridiculously large, but on the more generous side. Plus, as i remember i've never been nickel and dimed for extra sides of sour cream, pico de Gallo, etc. except for maybe cheese and guacamole which is understandable (even then, i didn't pay any crazy extra amount).AMBIANCEFor being a hole-in-the-wall in a small shopping center in not the greatest of areas in Phoenix the decor is simple, mexican, and welcoming. Their restaurant is always clean from what i've seen. Bathrooms are nothing special by any means, but pretty well kept.
4	I was hekka hungry today and my friend suggested we go here. We rounded up the apartment troops and hopped in his Hummer around 8pm. There was no wait and we were the last ones to come in just before closing. I was a bit worried since it was a party of 8 and it was so late but we basically ended up with the 2 servers to ourselves after the rest of the customers left. 99 cent margaritas all summer!! WTH and they were not in miniature glasses either!! OMG I saw customers with mi cheladas and other giant margs. Their chips were fresh and hot not greasy or salty. The salsa could have used more bite to it but the kids enjoyed it as well as the bean dip that I couldn't stop eating. My friends son had the waitress's wrapped around his finger they were very attentive and kept stopping to get kisses from the little guy. The men had the carne asada plates that were ginormous and left nothing behind. I had the enchiladas suiza's and my partner in crime had the fajitas. Mine was good there wasnt really any heat to it but the chicken was cooked perfect. It was all really good I cant wait till I'm hungry again for leftovers. The little ones had pizza's and fries it kept them entertained and their meals included ice cream for dessert. I was really impressed by how nice the staff was way after closing time and they never made us feel like we needed to hurry. They made sure the margs were constantly flowing. The menu had everything but tamales I think. I will be going back to try this hibiscus infused marg it sounded delish!! Party of 8 the bill came to $107 not bad at all! P.S. If you happen to like Coronas they are $1.25 on Tuesdays.
4	I went here with my husband last Sunday afternoon.  We had a 2 for 1 coupon out of the Entertainment guide.  We are from San Diego and have been trying to find Mexican food places similar to the food out in San Diego.  We pulled up to the location and were debating if we should go in or not.  The area wasn't the best, and it was in a tiny strip mall.  Kind of looked like a taco shop.  We decide to go in, because we were starving.  Inside it looked completely different.  It was a little dark and dated.  But the atmosphere was very causal and the hosts were super nice.  We sat down and right away got some nice warm chips, salsa and beans served to us.  I was feeling like a margarita and was going to get the house one, when the waitress said they had 99 cent margaritas available.  We ordered our food and didn't have to wait very long to get it.  Super good food and really cheap 99 cent margaritas. The margaritas were served in pretty nice size glasses but a bit strong.  FYI, I think you're getting really cheap alcohol in there, seemed pretty stiff. I started buzzing after my second glass.   My husband even loved the Chile reino that he tried from my plate.  He usually doesn't like it at all.  The carne asada was seasoned very well, it was a great change from some of the bland Mexican food I've had out here in phoenix. My husband had the beef chimichanga and it was seasoned really well also.  For the price you can't beat it.  From the outside the restaurant seems a little ghetto looking, but once you get inside it's pretty nice in there.  I would defiantly try it again.
4	I've been here plenty of times since I moved to Phoenix seven years ago, and I've finally had a dish I wasn't thrilled with-carnitas.  It was more like oven-roasted pork slices, not anything like I'm used to.But....this is the first time in seven years I've been disappointed.  Their arroz con pollo is very good, carne asada, tacos, enchiladas, chimis, you name it-solid dumpy Mexican place!!I've always been treated very well by the staff and never overcharged :)
3	It's just ok.I was enticed by a coupon for buy one get one free, so if you're interested in checking this place out...check your money mailers!I've only been for lunch, so I won't speak for the dinner menu....It's not the place for a power lunch and I don't think the food will overly impress anyone.  Most items on lunch menu are $7 and are a good value.  It's your standard tacos and burritos, but they also have stand-outs like shrimp enchiladas.  The service hasn't been fantastic, but I'm sure I'll be back.
3	service: 2 starsfood: 4 starsthe food was awesome. my friend and i thoroughly enjoyed it. i loved the free chips and salsa. bean dip was also offered, but it was kinda meh to me. i had the enchiladas suizas. she had the chimichanga. my enchiladas were crazy yummy - fantastically tangy tomatillo sauce, tender chicken, soft corn tortillas and a healthy amount of cheese with sour cream on the side. my beans were covered in cheese and the rice was really, really good. she said she really liked her chicken chimi, and it showed - she ate every bite of it.now, let's get to the service side of this lovely experience. i asked for a margarita recommendation; server couldn't come up with one. i decided to stick with water; my friend ordered diet pepsi. after 3 requests (to two different people) and 20 minutes, the diet pepsi finally arrived. like i said, my friend really liked the chimi, it wasn't what she ordered. she ordered the 2 chimi plate, one chicken, one beef. oh well. the bill was cheap ... around $24 for the two of us. the food was ready fast and like i said, it was really, really good. i know this is kinda inconsequential, but  i still think it is worth mentioning: i absolutely hate it when restaurants print the calculated 10%, 15% and 20% gratuity amounts on the receipt. tacky, tacky, tacky! and a really bad way to end a tasty meal.
4	They have a great happy hour at this place, and my friend and I had the good fortune to come on the 99-cent fish taco night. We had a few Coronas, and all the fish tacos we wanted at 99 cents each. And the fish tacos were really good: with grilled whitefish, crumbled white cheese, a bit of lettuce and pico de gallo, and lemon slices for squeezing (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FoKx_RP4kUM-aiGo3wlUUw?select=Nz2ljtMm2hNpttl8WfdS3g). We left the restaurant very happy, and very full; no need for dinner after that.
4	Great, cheap tacos!  Their Mexican Caesar Salad is also very good and I'm a discerning consumer when it comes to salads.  Very attentive service, awesome flan, and fantastic chips and salsa with bean dip that you automatically start out with.  I might just say that the chicken tacos and the chicken tortilla soup are a bit on the salty side, but everything else i've tried on the menu has been great - especially those fish tacos that everyone raves about!b
4	Yum Yum Yum!  I went to Las Glorias for lunch today with a large group (there were 11 of us) and I always get nervous when dining with so many people.  It's inevitable that someone's order won't be right or service will be molasses-slow...but not here!  After we all ordered, I don't think more than 15 or 20 minutes went by for all of us to get our piping hot, fresh comida - and not one mistake was made - bonus!!  Everyone's dishes looked fantastic and judging by the fact that by the end of the meal not a piece of rice was left on the plate, I would say this place was a hit for everyone.  Let's get to the food!  While we were waiting for our entrees, we all devoured the tortilla and sweet potato (?) chips which were served with both warm bean salsa and a fresh, pico de gallo-like salsa.  Both salsas were perfect and did their job tiding us over until our meals arrived.I was definitely influenced by the fact that New Times rated Las Glorias' fish tacos the best of 2009 so it was a no-brainer for me (and at least 4 of my other dining companions).  The tacos were honestly perfect.  They were double wrapped in fresh corn tortillas (I hate when all of my taco toppings leak through the tortillas so I definitely appreciated the double dose) with perfectly grilled whitefish, crumbly Mexican cheese and shredded lettuce.  There were huge sides of arroz and beans with cheese on my plate which added to the wonderful flavor and filling portion.   And for only $7 this was a serious bargain.  The arroz con pollo, shrimp burros  and other entrees that were ordered around me received major kudos as well.  For dessert, we ordered the flan, churros and lip-smacking fried ice cream which were the perfect way to end the meal.  Who doesn't love a little dessert-tasting, right?  I will definitely be returning to Las Glorias on a Wednesday when they have their 99 cent fish tacos night (and if I recall correctly beers under $1.50).  Hello mid-week deal!
4	During my mercado shopping day this week my husband was craving Mariscos ala Mexico and our pal Tom knew just the place. This little hole in the wall has all the right signs as you walk in the clientele is made up  of a wide slice of phoenix from  your  people on office lunch breaks , abuelas  with their famillias  and average types like myself.  We ordered seafood inspired Mexican food like shrimp enchiladas  , fish tacos (good but nothing to start a talk thread about )  and sopa de mariscos ..very tasty!   The chips were very fresh and the guacamole and salsas mucho yummo.     word of warning they put a jalepeno butter on just about every entree, for those that dont know oil  spreads the heat in peppers ..so your food is spicy!I will definitely be back again  to try the sopa again .
4	This is my go-to place for a Margarita and good Mexi food within biking/walking distance. What we love: Fresh chips and salsa, and the bean dip served with is dee-lish BIG, CHEAP Margs. Try the Mango, Peach, Mango/Peach. :) Fish Tacos. I had never had them before and they were very good. On Wednesdays they are only $0.99! Great enchiladas, cheese crisps, and pork tacos as well Friendly service. The servers are always impressed (or act that way) when Nico uses his Spanish on them. It's nothing fancy or will win any interior decor awards, but we love coming here for a fun experience and always get out of there without spending a ton of dough. Muy bien!
5	Wow!  Food was GREAT!  Bean dip was ooohh soooo yummy!  Unfortunately for my wife, it has meat in the bean dip.  Salsa was very good.  Fresh Guacamole was really good too!Baja Fish Tacos.. $.99 each on Wednesdays *AND* $1.50 Coronas too!  The fish tacos were grilled, not fried and came out PERFECT!  They came on corn tortillas and didn't need to be smothered in salsa or tarter sauce.  My wife got a Veggie burrito with some tomatillo sauce (had GREAT flavor).  She was VERY pleased!  The location of this place isn't in the best neighborhood, however the food is GREAT!
5	By far the best, most authentic Mexican food in phoenix. I could eat there everyday
4	some of the best dining experiences happen when you almost don't go inside the restaurant. this is the kind of eatery that makes you thankful for crappy strip malls.sure, the exterior isn't great. and the neighborhood isn't perfect. but this place is small, friendly, clean. the food is excellentmy friend and i tried las glorias because we were in the area and we had a coupon. we were incredibly happy with ourselves after we found this place.the chips were crisp and fresh. the bean and salsa dips were delectable. the rice was great. the portions were large. my friend said this place reminds her of her very favorite spot from home. she is something of a chile relleno connoisseur, and she said this one was among the best she had ever had. this batter and lots of cheese.we will definitely be going back., coupon or not.
5	Brought my parents here after reading all the positive reviews. They loved it! I had Enchiladas Suizas, they had fish tacos vegetarian burritos. Everything was very good!!!
5	I will put this as simply and in as few words as possible.  If you don't eat here every wednesday and thursday you are an idiot.wed- 99 cent fish tacos, 1.50 coronathurs- 1.25 assorted tacos, 99 cent margaritasee you there
1	Ok, here's the deal:I read the mostly glowing reviews and got a buy one get one free that I can use for lunch. That's a deal!BUT--------------When I ordered, it seemed like a high ending price with tax for a $7 lunch special. The waitress' answer? I had to pay tax not only for the $7 lunch plate but also the entree I got free! So I paid nearly double the tax (ripoff) especially the tax for something I didn't order. How does that figure?The food-got stomachache later on. The seafood tasted like plastic, like it came from a plastic bag or, worse, been in the freezer for a while. Only the beans had flavor.Save your money and go to Taco Bell.
4	Was good. I liked the tacos and they were a great price. I just liked my husband's meal -the chicken enchiladas much better than the tacos. The waitress was very nice and and let us use our coupon from the money mailer even though techinally we didn't order 2 entrees. It is close to home and was a good experience. The only real issue that I had was they only carry pepsi products and I prefer coke.
5	Before, I had a handful of places I rotated between.  Now, I can't go anywhere else.  I have loved everything eaten there, particularly the shrimp enchilada.  The chips and salsa and bean dip are addictive and I always eat too much, leading to food coma because I can't not eat all of whatever I order, it's too good!  We've learned to ask for the check, or else it's always a long wait for them to come back, but with stellar food always served quickly, we really can't complain much about that!
5	This place is a diamond in the rough. I would have never thought to try it if it weren't for my buddy dragging me there for dollar margaritas. It is tucked in a corner behind a Circle K with a big sign that reads "MEXICAN FOOD". Oddly enough, living in Arizona it is hard to find really good Mexican food (who woulda thunk, but it's true). I have to say the food at this place is very good, some of the best Mexican food I have had in AZ. I have had the fish tacos (fresh and tasty) and a chimichanga (is that even traditional Mexican?) and it was delicious. The chips and salsa are very good, but the bean dip is out of this world. The atmosphere is perfect for a Mexican Restaurant. It's nothing you need to dress up for, but it's not run down by any means. It's a good place to go with the family or a special someone for a good meal or even with a group of friends for a good time with a little green liquid help with salty rims. Cheers
3	It's like the cliche Mexican grill. Large tables.  Cheesy decor.  Beer promos everywhere.  At least at Las Glorias, the food actually tasted good.  They bring you liquidy salsa and chips to start.  I had a burrito with rice and beans.  This place is a solid 3 stars, but since this is AZ Las Glorias Grill is 3.5 stars.  It really is hard to find decent Mex place there.
2	I've been here a few times with my mom because she really likes it, but overall I wasn't impressed.  The food was tasty, but the service was atrocious.It was busy the last time we went, but we stood around inside the door for probably 10 minutes before an employee even noticed us.  There were other parties waiting, too.  You just had to stand around and wait for someone to bother seating you in one of the open booths.Everyone was satisfied with their meal.  I've had the spinach tacos, which were very tasty, and I appreciate having a veggie option that wasn't a run-of-the-mill bean and cheese or chile relleno.  (I've had their chile relleno and wasn't impressed by it.)  But no one refilled our drinks the whole time or checked on us.  Not even once. Maybe this is better when you go at a less busy time, but the food isn't mindblowing enough to make it worth the lousy service on a Friday night.
4	We really enjoyed Las Glorias. Thin crunchy chips with very tasty bean dip and salsa. The portions are generous and the food high quality. The enchilada had the most cheese I've ever had in one. They also have an amazing cheese crisp!
5	I have passed this location many times growing up in this city and never thought anything of the place behind Circle K, put once again I can thank Yelp for inspiration after reading a few reviews.  I love that these guys are open at 10 am since that is lunch time for me because I start my morning at 5am.  The salsa was fantastic (always a good sign) and the bean dip was alright but not my favorite.  I love that they have a huge menu of $6 lunch specials.  My waitress told me that the number 7 (2 chicken enchiladas) was the most popular.  I had it with the sour cream and it was absolutely delicious.  The beans and rice were great also, I seen the Wednesday and Thursday specials that everyone was talking about and will have to check those out sometime soon.  The service was good for me but I was the first one there at 10am, I read a few of the negative reviews mentioning that but I enjoyed the experience.  I also thought the atmosphere was really clean and nice, actually was kind of surprised since reviews I read mentioned otherwise.  I don't know what people expect but I was overly impressed with the whole experience.  There was even a flat screen TV and the posters on the wall weren't to much.  I will be back soon.
5	It has been all too long since I wrote a review. So, here goes. I almost want to give this place 5 stars, but I would like to sample more food prior to doing so. I found this place because of Yelp. I am new to Phoenix and probably going to be gone from Phoenix all too soon so hopefully I can add a fifth star before I go. I walked in and it is a tiny lil dumpy place in a strip mall as most things are in Phoenix. I sit and the chips and salsa are good but the bean dip they serve with it is out of this world. The free part is awesome so what can I expect for the entree. I reviewed the menu but then was offered the lunch menu which is served until 3pm. I decide to order the fish tacos which are made with Red Snapper and a white sauce. Delicious!! not spicy, but mild and very tasty. It is served on one piece of corn tortilla and served with rice and charro beans. $6.99+tax. Can't beat that either. I was loaded and with tip I was out of there for $10 and a happy tummy. I plan to go back again. I must say this was my fiorst pleasant experience with food in Phoenix. I have been hard pressed to find good food here. Being from Austin and a lover of Houston, I have high expectations for my taste buds and this city has left me disappointed .. until Las Glorias. You must Go.UPDATE 5/12/2011: FIVE STARS. I had the Shredded chicken tacos today. Cannot wait to return and try a full menu entree this weekend.
4	Pretty good food,  the selection was great the service was a bit slow and I had to seat my family my self but overall it was ok, all day every day 99 cent margaritas.
4	Our first time coming here was about 8 years ago when we lived on 19th Ave & Dunlap; we liked it then & still do now. It's a smaller place located in a strip mall, you could drive by and never notice it. The chips and salsa are always fresh, the beans and rice are good. My boyfriend likes the green chicken enchiladas and I have gotten a variety of things all turned out good. I once ordered the taquitos and they were over cooked but besides that no complaints. They also sell bottled Mexican sodas and frescas that he loves to order instead of a fountain drink.
4	We were in from San Diego and all 6 of us loved our food. The portion sizes were huge, we could have shared. The service was excellent. And you can't beat 99 cent margarita's!! When we're in Phoenix again we'll definitely go here.
2	I have been to Las Glorias twice with people from work.  Both times I was underwhelmed.  The first time I went the service was good.  They were great about bringing out chips with salsa and bean dip and refilling drinks.  The second time I came the service was horrible.  We were there for over 1.5 hours because we had to wait for EVERYTHING and it was not very busy.  I was not impressed with the food.  They seem to put raw onions in everything, including the cheese enchiladas.  I really dislike raw onions and am a pro at finding dishes without them, but you cannot escape them here.  The rice and beans were good, but I cannot say much else for a positive about this place.  I will not be back!
3	Pretty good Mexican food.  Great cheap Margs (just like Chi Chi's used to make!) and really great bean dip to go with the chips.  Yum.  Love the Sour Cream Chicken enchilada/Taco Combo.  The fajitas look very good as well.  Service is usually okay but it depends on the night.  The strip mall location is not perfect....but go on in and enjoy!
5	Best inexpensive Mexican Food in Phoenix.  Yes.  You read that correctly.It's the place you take people to when they come to Arizona to visit you.  Not fancy pants New Mexico style food (you can got o Sierra Bonita grill, also 5 stars, for $25/pp meals).This place just delivers Mexican Food like the 70's, only better.  Chips are hot and not greasy.  Two kinds of dip.Their $7 lunch specials are all uniformly good.  Try the chicken quesadilla lunch special if you are feeling bad, or the $8 shrimp enchiladas in jalapeno butter if you are feeling decadent, or grilled chicken salad with tortilla soup (more like stew here) if you are feeling healthy.On Wednesdays, you must try the best fish tacos in Arizona.  NOT FRIED.  Grilled tallapia type fish, with a little cream sauce, some shredded cabbage, in a corn tortilla.  I go with coworkers and they order 5 for $1.25 each, and along with the chips, they are stuffed to the gills and only spent $5 plus tip.Seriously... Wednesdays for Fish Tacos.  Remember.  Even if you aren't usually a fan of fish tacos.It's tacky decorations.  It's cheap vinyl booths.  And the service is not terrific (secret... if you are in a rush, bring your bill to counter to pay, don't wait at the table).In a city of good Mexican food, if you are looking for entrees less than $12, there is no better Mexican food in Phoenix.
5	I eat here quite a bit...meet with the fella's there on thursday nights.  I usually get the carne soft tacos which are specially priced on Thursdays at $1.50 which is awesome!!  I went off the beaten path and tried a trio-combo which was the "#10" that had two sour cream chicken enchiladas and one shredded beef taco with a side of refried beans and rice.   Wow, it rocked.  The enchilada and the cream sauce had great flavor cooked right on point.  The taco shell was freshly-made crispy and just the right amout of cheese, lettuce and meat mix.  And our server was, as always the professional and beautiful Cecelia.  Overall great Mexican food.
4	Las Glorias has awesome dishes at very reasonable prices. I've only been there once, but the meals were outstanding, and my co-workers assure me about all the other meals I've yet to try are just as good as the Green Chili Burro that I ordered. The meat was good, as well as the sauce. The beans and rice were what you would normally except to get. I wish they had black beans as an alternative to refried beans, but then again - I didn't ask for them either. To me, the chips and salsa weren't the best. I've had much better chips, salsa and bean dip at other places, but these weren't greasy, so that was good. It didn't keep me from eating a bunch of chips, but I think they were going for major gringo-style on the salsa and bean dip. I can't wait to try the specially-priced fish tacos on Wednesdays, along with a Corona .. after work. Service seemed par for the course. Nothing stellar, and a bit slow, especially considering it wasn't that busy at the time. I can see myself coming back here, again and again.
2	The service is little to be desired.  Asking a waitress to place our order seemed to be putting her out. I do not know how this restaurant stays in business with the horrible service. We will NOT be back.  It is a shame, the food is really good.
5	Fabulous food and service. Was a little leery judging by the exterior but pleasantly surprised upon going inside as soon as we opened the door. Wonderful smell, friendly host waiting to seat us, fast pleasant service and, best of all, delicious food. Our server, Juliana, steered us right!
3	Mild Mexican. Everything I expected yo be spicy was not. The Carne Asada combo was a good flavor with a top notch enchilada.
5	I love Las Glorias and eat here regularly. My favorite is the cheese enchiladas combo. The enchilada sauce is perfect, the enchiladas themselves are stuffed full and satisfying, and their refried beans are the perfect amount of spicy. Their green chile is super yummy too.Chips are always hot, the salsa is good, and service is always friendly. If they're busy they might take a little extra time to get your bill to you, but they always keep the glasses full and the food always comes out promply. One of my biggest pet peeves is when my drinks don't get refilled, and that they always stay on top of that here. The decor isn't fancy, but it is clean. Don't let the strip mall outside scare you -- it is cozy and yummy inside!
5	Our students love this restaurant!  When they come for Reiki, Reflexology and other classes, they love going for lunch at Las Glorias.  The salads with grilled chicken breast are delicious and a little of the bean dip completes an "out of this world" lunch...just perfect for an afternoon of energy healing.  Thank you for taking such good care of us! Marsha Craven & Mary Ellen Brown of Healing Arts Connection.
5	Why did I not eat here ever before in my 28 years?  I have always lived around this area and seen Las Glorias Grill in the small strip mall behind the Circle K at 19th and Northern.  My husband and I decided to finally try here tonight when we wanted mexican food.  It was DELICIOUS!  We usually go to places like Garcia's, Manuel's, and Macayo's but I think that will be ending now that we have eaten here.The chips, salsa, and bean dip were brought out to us very quickly along with our drinks.  The chips were very fresh with just the right amount of salt on them.  The food was brought out pretty quickly thereafter.  I ordered the shrimp enchilada and my husband order a beef chimichanga.  The chimichanga looked like it  was lightly fried - just to the right level of fried.  The shrimp enchilada was probably the largest enchilada I have ever seen.  The shrimp were large and the amount of them in the enchilada was very generous.  The flour tortilla used for the enchilada was very light and tasty.  Both entrees came with rice and beans.  I would say that the rice was right on par with what is made in other restaurants but I believe that the refried beans are better here.  The service was prompt and very attentive (unlike previous experiences at other restaurants).I would definitely recommend coming here instead of going to any of the more familiar chains out there!
5	This place is a hidden gem!! Service was awesome & the food was even better! All of Victoria's suggestions were perfect.  You really cant order anything bad here! Such a cute family restaurant. And you cant beat the WEDNESDAY $1.25 fish tacos and $1 margaritas!!! I'll never go to another mexican restaurant in the valley!
4	If you are looking for good authentic Mexican food, this is the spot. My family has been coming here for years. It's one of those places my long time separated parents can even agree on! For starters, the chips and salsa are really very good. This time the bean salsa was a little runny but it is usually really thick and spicy! (TWSS) The other salsa is good too. But the bean dip takes the cake. This last time I had the menudo. You can tell it is fresh and not made from a can like some places. YUM! and they bring you this lazy susan full of menudo fixins! The large is really very extremely large. I suggest that unless you are a glutton for punishment or a growing boy, order the small. It's just enough. My favourite dish here is the Vallarta fish tacos... So fresh and delish! I usually order a fish taco a la carte no matter what I am eating. It's my favourite thing here. The fish is really light and flaky and fresh. The salads here are really yummy too! My mommy and I sometimes split the chicken and avocado salad and some tacos. Oh and the arroz con pollo and Alfredo's combo (carne and shrimp in this jalepeno sauce), my brother always orders one or the other and I always steal a nibble or two... just fantastic! My pops love the chorizo and eggs from here. It's never greasy or fatty. Really high quality chorizo. I don't know what it is about Mexican restaurants. They want to clear your plate before you finish you food! LOL Seems like it happens to us a lot here. We always have to say "oh, I'm not done with that" lol. On the positive, I am pretty sure they refill your horchata for free. At least I have never noticed a charge for it.
4	Out on errands in this part of town, I stopped in here for lunch today.  It's a medium sized place with comfortable booths in a nice atmosphere.  My table service was very friendly and attentive, & things started off great with a bowl of nice thick delicious toasty chips a little bowl of warm. very tasty bean as well as one of medium spicy chunky red salsa.  Both were delicious, especially the bean dip!They do have an inexpensive menu of Lunch Specials, but I ordered a #7 Combo from the regular menu to get my necessary weekly Chile Relleno fix!     :-)This Combo also came with a shredded beef taco and generous servings of refried beans topped with cheese, and Spanish Rice.  There was also a little shredded lettuce & the whole thing arrived on a big, sizzling platter.This was a great lunch, especially the big Pablano Chile, stuffed with a good amount of Oaxaca cheese.     :-))#7 Combo:  $9.50
4	I have been coming to Las Glorias for a few years now, and it's about time I tell you why :)Each month I get a BOGO in the mail from them, and when I take my two kids there, everyone loves the complimentary fresh, hot, thin chips, fresh cilantro salsa and tasty bean dip, and their entrees as well.  My daughter, who dislikes Mexican food, orders the cheese pizza and chocolate milk from the kid's menu (yes, they turn a blind eye and gladly serve the kids' menu to those even a tad older than specified age!).  These, too me, are nothing special BUT, to a 13yo girl, pizza is always #1 choice!  My son and I each order one of the $9.99 2-item combos plates, and only eat 1 of the 2 items on each plate, taking the leftover 2 items, beans, rice home w/us. He orders Lemonade, & I can't pass on the (all day/everyday) .99 cent Margarita. And we order a side of sautee'd vegetables, as I make sure my kids at least have a few bites of veggies at dinnertime.  The food is always fast, hot, and looks better, more authentic, home-made.  With coupon, & 20% tip (yes, 20% tip is BEFORE discount), I am out the door for $37.Beat that!  Now you know why I keep coming back!  The service is always friendly, and there are some very pretty waitresses there, as well...darn the luck :)
4	Really good service, solid salsa, chips and ice cold beer.  I would recommend to anyone who is a fan of solidly consistent Mexican food.
5	I work close by and have eaten at Las Glorias several times before and always enjoyed it. Then I saw the sign for $1.25 tacos on Thursday. After that day between 4 and 6 of us eat there every Thursday and it has become our Taco Day tradition. The food is excellent, the service is wonderful, and 99 cent margaritas can't be beat.Whether you are there for your own Taco Day or just want some good mexican food, Las Glorias should be your first stop.
5	Great food.Great service.Great price.I had the Tacos Don Chuy plate. Two carne asada tacos with beans (de la hoya), rice and guacamole. Not rocket science but well served and delicious.Good salsa too.Go.
5	I've been coming to this little spot for years now!! Its fantastic!! The secret is Taco Thursday! My family and I often make our way in on Thursdays for there taco special!Dollar tacos and dollar house margaritas!! I mean how can you beat that?! For this special you get to choose between 3 taco options... Carne asada (my favorite) Beef Taco (only one that comes on a crispy shell) and the Fish taco (Yummmm). The margaritas are small but powerful! if you want something on the healthier side go for the fish taco with no tortilla its still awesome because the fish is always fresh! The nice cute as a button ladies (all of them are wonderful) greet you with a smile and as soon as you sit down they bring over some chips and salsa but my favorite part is the AMAZING bean dip! ooooooh soooo good I could drink it! The cheese crisps are also to die for they come with green chilies (not spicy) so they give it a little something extra (sooo delish).Another must try is there Tortilla Soup! Its hearty and full of think chunks of veggies including avocado! Great for someone who's not feeling so great (a touch of nani's cooking does the body good!!)  Cecilia is they most amazing server ever and I'm pretty sure my family would adopt her (basically has) if they could! She is seriously amazing its come to the point where we don't even have to tell her want we want to eat because she knows our order like the back of her hand! Shes always aware of whats going on in the entire restaurant and is always on her A-game!!!  We love our Cici!
4	Good chips and salsa plus their fish tacos are wonderful!
4	Found this place on yelp while in an unfamiliar area. Had apps and Margs, they were so pretty we took pictures of them!  Only reason it's not a 5 star is I am not certain the Margs even had alcohol in them. Had 2 ( and they are big!) and walked out without the slightest effect. Don't let the outside fool you. Inside is clean and food was great!
4	Went there with hubby and mother in law. They bring out chips and salsa and bean dip at the beginning. I'm not a Mexican food expert but we all loved our food. I ordered the shrimp enchilada and after trying the other dishes, thought that mine was the best. SCORE! Our server was friendly and quick. The place isn't fancy looking but the atmosphere is warm and welcoming.
3	I like the bean dip. The salsa was decent.I had the Chile Colorado burrito, chimichanga style.Delicious.I went with friends. It's not really my neighborhood, but if invited, I would return.
4	4.5 stars indeed! Had the Spinach enchilada and Chicken/avocado salad! It was super flavorful and delicious. They catered to a diet request which is important!However, It wasn't packed due to the time we ate but service wasn't quite as fast as expected!
5	We used to live in this neighborhood and this was definitely one of our favorite places. Then we relocated and now we barely make it here once a year : (We initially found this place because of an Entertainment Book coupon. I think they still have it (at least the 2013).We do not drink so we cannot say about the margaritas, but we have a few favorite dishes here.This time we noticed the bean dip was kind of runny, but it was still good.Fresh chips, good salsa.Hubby had the Arroz con Pollo, which comes with a creamy sauce.I was adventurous and didn't order any of the usual.. I ordered Shrimp Las Glorias, which are the ones wrapped in bacon. They were really good, very crispy.Some other times we have fajitas, sopa 7 mares, or tostadas de ceviche.Service is very friendly, although this time we didn't recognize any of the ladies.Hope to be back soon. : )
4	Hidden Gem alert!Support local. This great restaurant has cheap margaritas, good food and great service. I have been eating more often there because I am trying to support local business dealing with the light rail construction. Make sure to utilize the Valley Metro "Metro Max" card that they are giving out during the light rail extension  - you'll get a discount!PS: The bean dip for the chips and salsa is AMAZING!
3	They have great food, they also have roaches
5	Well I did find a mexican restraunt in Phoenix that wasnt that bland senoran tasteless food. Las Glorias was some of the best I have had anywhere in the country...too bad I found it when moving out of Phoenix area. Easy 5 stars.
3	Fair but not a four star salsa lacks a Mexican flare and the bean dip doesn't have much taste tortilla soup was fair ceasar salad okay dressing little thin
4	First, it is a little difficult to get to, due to the light-rail construction, but once you do, it is worth it!!We first used to go there, quite awhile ago, when the owner would come out, and wait on us. We've come back, even after moving out of the neighborhood, a few years ago.  They offer up 99 cent margaritas, all day, every day.Their chips and salsa are so good.  The chips are thin, and probably baked, which means that I eat twice as many!  *wink*  They bring out a bean dip (warm), and a salsa, both of them are very good.My husband orders Chicken Enchilada dinner (it comes out *sizzling* hot), and I order Shrimp Ranchero Burro.  The shrimps are yummy, nice and plump, and the dnners are presented very attractively.We used to download a coupon BOGO (buy one-get one free), and order up a few of those 99 cent margaritas.  They still offer up the coupon, but there is no more 99 cent margaritas included.  So today I had a bottled beer, my husband had an iced tea.  The total was under $19.00 -- not bad!We try to get to Las Glorias about once a month.
5	This place is a gem.  Great fresh food.  Not the same old Mexican that is floating around the Valley.  Grilled Chicken Enchiladas are fantastic.  Order a side a of Guac to go with them and they are a perfect twist on your not run of the mill Chicken Enchiladas.  Oh and $.99 Margs.
4	I live in the area and this is definately my go to mexican restaurant. Im a big fan of their nachos. Not just any nachos, I have them add red and green chili on top. I love their chips and salsa, along with the bean dip of course. Great tasting mexican food and courteous waitresees.
3	Las Glorias is not special. Our two experiences there were just fine. Enchiladas and tacos are good, not great. Chips/salsa are solid but not addictive. If you are going to forego nutrition and eat Mexican, may as well hit one of the many valley special spots like Valle Luna, Arriba, even Macayos.
5	We live within walking distance of Las Glorias, that said, it wouldn't matter where we were coming from... the food is so good we would make a trip for it.  Thankfully we don't have to. This locally owned restaurant is amazing, beyond the good food the place is comfortable, like many establishments today, it has multiple TV's normally showing sports events. There are also tables and booths out of the visual noise (sound is very low) on the "tele's" so you can have a quiet dinner for two or a family dinner for 6 or 8 just as easy.Like many who come here we love the chips, salsa, and bean dip they bring to the table when you are seated. The chips are crisp and warm, the salsa mild, and the bean dip is a bit warmer. *** Here is a tip, they have a hot salsa that they will bring to your table on request. The chips come with the meal and they will refill them as well no charge... It shouldn't be amazing but other establishments charge for this and less. Over the last two years we have been here many times so let me tell you that we have more than a few favorites on the menu. One of mine is the Carne Asada Combo ($12.99) and the description on the menu doesn't begin to do it justice. The generous portion of grilled marinated steak is true, but then you get to the beans, not the typical refried beans but a bowl of whole beans in served in a yummy broth topped with cheese crumbles. Then there is the enchilada that is everything you would expect. If you are still reading this and you haven't already started to head over... The real treat with this dish, and it used to be on the menu... you can substitute the enchilada with their chili relleno. The plate comes with a grilled pepper on the side with a dollop of guagamole, some pico de gallo to finish it off.  *** Ready for another tip... With all the construction on 19th Ave they have a special that you may not know about. The MetroMax Reward Card will get you one meal free with the purchase of two drinks and another meal of greater or similar value. The card can be printed from the WWW.ValleyMetro.org site. They have been doing this special for some time and it doesn't show up on the list participating businesses on the web site... So you have to know... Here is the link to get your own card FREE: http://www.valleymetro.org/images/uploads/agency_transitresearch/LRT2013_METRO_MAX_PANEL_CARD_Web_English.pdf Some of the other amazing meals here are the Two Grilled Steak or Chicken Enchiladas, The Camarones Las Glorias are exceptional Cheese stuffed and bacon wrapped shrimp. The Shrimp or Seafood Cocktail will make you think you are at the ocean in Rocky Pointe. The combination meals are terrific values as well.If you like Menudo, they serve it all weekend... I am a fan.The only thing we have tried and not been a big fan of is the combination appetizer tray called the Las Glorias Grill Platter. This is a temping item that is not as good as the rest of the menu, having tried it two or three times it just is weak. Not awful but weak in our opinion. Favorite Appetizers would but the Quesadilla with steak or chicken or the Cheese Crisp. The Shrimp Tostada also makes for a good starter for two if you don't mind sharing.I can go on and on... They have beer, wine and a full bar... the special is a 99 cent margarita available any time they are open. If your in the mood for a great meal from south of the border, or just a great meal at a great price this place won't let you down. Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner you will be happy to have been here, and thinking about heading back again.
5	This place is legit as hell. We went here on the advice of a regular and what a great call it turned out to be. That road is under construction for the light rail but that isn't stopping the locals. Salsa, beans, and chips  to start. All good. We had 2 lunch specials: chicken quesadilla and spinich enchilada both outstanding. It was the little details like the quality of the rice that stand out. Not many places do really good rice.  tvs and iced tea I got to follow the olympics and espn and get a great meal.
5	I was craving chips and salsa and Gloria's gave me a fix. One of my favorite things about this place was the service, I never once ha to ask for more salsa and the house marguerites were just $.99. Next time I am craving salsa I'm coming back here. My wife and I split the 13 combo, we got a cheese enchilada, beef tamale, and a chili rellano. All were excellent and the cheese on top made them great. Five stars because I would gladly come back here.
4	My family and I were on vacation and wanted a good Mexican place with fish tacos for my Dad. And seeing the Best fish tacos in Phoenix plaque was a promising sight. I had the carnitas which were well balanced with a refreshing glass of root beer. My Dad of course needed a second helping and has absolutely no regrets. And my mom claims to have had the best carne asada she has ever had. And afterwards  (being an 11 year old boy) I had a large helping of fried ice cream. I certainly enjoyed all of it. It is truly a hidden gem.
5	Gloria's is where we go every Thursday for $1.50 tacos and 99 cent margaritas.   It is just down the atreet; in our neighborhood and where we always go.  We love the place.  The service is good and they are very professional and courteous - not to mention lovely.  To be honest I used to go there in the 70's when it was El Tango (and not as good!).  Now they are on the trail of the light rail and we hope the parking doesn't make things difficult for them but allows them to become one of those institutions along 19th Avenue.
5	This place is small and almost hidden in a run down shopping center - would not have found it if we were not looking for it.  The dining room is small, casual, and intimate.  Waitress was attentive and refilled our drinks without us having to ask.  The chips that come to the table are still warm and taste homemade.  The sauces they are served with are both flavorful - the warm bean dip is the best and the salsa is fresh with just the right amount of spice.  Main courses ordered: pork carnitas, shrimp enchilada with a cheesy cream sauce, and sizzling shrimp fajitas.  Everything came out quickly and very hot.  All of the food was flavorful and everyone was extremely pleased.  We all left way too full!  To top it off, they have 99 cent house margaritas everyday - you cannot get any better than this place!
4	just tried this place with some friends who are regulars and DAMN, its good. good prices, they bring not just salsa but fantastic beans with your chips (!), my wife informed that the 99 cent margaritas (thats the regular, all day price!) are actually boozy instead of the watered down cheap ones you get at other places. staff was pleasant and attentive...well worth your money and time
1	I actually did like Las Glorias on occasion.  Unfortunately, I got burnt on the handle of the fajitas (don't they know its hot before they put it down right under you).  Had a scar on my arm for months. No apology, no ice pack-nothing.  If that wasn't bad enough-they accused me of skipping on the bill that night and then charged me for both times the next time I came in, even though I didn't sign the second charge.  Owner/manager is a real piece of work. Not going back
4	First time here today.  I liked it. We had the enchildas suizas and the chimis. Both were delicious. I also had a strawberry margarita that was great too. The entrance is messed up due to construction but thats okay. I will be back.
5	The location looks scary from the outside but the service is great and very friendly. You can't judge a book by its cover. Food is amazing, I'll be back!
5	Love that this place has $1 margaritas all day everyday.  The food is also really good here, as the enchiladas are amazing.  The bean dip is really good and it's cool that they give it to you for free.  The place is located in kinda of a dump, however the restaurant is actually nice.
5	Not much more to say other than ****BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN TOWN****! I've tried NUMEROUS other places.  Some were good, some made me ill. The only problem with Las Glorias is that they have ruined me for all the other ones. They are the "Gold Standard" for all of the rest.
5	Not sure why this place has only 4 stars. ..... It should have 6+... Too many girls working and all are good.... Enjoying my margaritas with a good food!!! I was here maybe 100+ times! Very recommend to try this place.
5	I had the shrimp enchiladas, and they were awesome. My friend had a burrito and a cheese quesadilla and lived them. Very authentic.
5	4 years since my last review of this place, and it's still the best.  Consistently great food, always great service.  Has carpet so is one of the few places where you can have a great meal AND great conversation because even when it's full it's not so noisy that you have to raise your voice to talk to your tablemates. And you can hear them too!
4	Overall all great food... Low cost but good. Parking is a little hard due to construction but overall great!
5	def the place to go for breakfast. breakfast special is amazing and food comes out hot and fresh. our new favorite place for Mexican food.they open at 9am
5	I've driven by here many times and never noticed this place, but then I had two different people in the same week recommend it!Got a day off, so we stopped in for a late lunch. It looks smaller from the outside than it is inside. It's clean and the decor is inviting with a Mexican theme of course.We were welcomed and seated right away. Our server was prompt to bring chips and salsa and to take our drink order. The menu has a good selection. We decided on the Shrimp Salad appetizer for me and the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp for my friend. The food came out fairly quick and looked great! The Shrimp Salad appetizer looked and tasted delicious! It had cucumbers, tomatoes, red onion, avocado, cilantro and shrimp tossed in lemon juice!  I renamed it Cerviche Salad because it has almost all the same ingredients and had the same flavor! The bacon wrapped shrimp was cooked just right. It came with rice and beans and sauteed veggies.We also ordered a couple $1 margaritas. They were perfect for lunch and very flavorful!This place rates excellent for service, prices, atmosphere and food!
5	The food is AMAZING!!!The customer service is wonderful!!Best shredded beef tacos around!!! Last but not least the Michelada's are fabulous & you cant beat a 99 cent margarita!!!
