5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant. You cannot find better Thai food this side of the Pacific. There is a great menu selection and everything can be made vegetarian. The spring rolls and sticky rice with mango are absolutely amazing. Good prices for the quality of the food- about $10 for a meal with appetizers. If you are looking for Champaign Urbana, I definitely recommend eating here!
5	One of CU's nicest Thai restaurants- great for takeout or dining in. I had the Bangkok Duck here and it was absolutely delicious- just the right blend of crispness and juiciness, with a wonderful sauce that paired perfectly with the rice. It was a little bit pricey, but worth it. I also tried the potstickers, which were quite nice (though I wish I had asked for them steamed), and the fried bananas, which were rich and sweet. Compared to Thara Thai this restaurant is a much less inclined towards the spicy and many dishes seem to have sweet ingredients like tamarind. However, many dishes can be made spicy...or vegetarian for that matter.Definitely recommended! I think anyone could find something to enjoy here.
3	I went here w/ my vegetarian brother and had the fried eggplant appetizer (perfectly fried and not greasy), crispy mock duck w/ basil (surprisingly crispy with good meaty texture, but lacking in duck flavor for me), and tofu pad woon sen (good helping of vegetables but the tofu was overcooked and the noodles too dry). Overall I think the food's better than average. Maybe my standards for Thai food are too high b/c I lived in Evanston (the "dining capital of the North Shore") where there were at least 4 great Thai restaurants nearby. The service is prompt and friendly, though the ambiance does feel a bit warehousish. I've heard from many friends here that Siam Terrace is the best Thai place in Champaign Urbana...I'll vouch for that (w/o trying the other Thai places) and emphasize the qualifier "best...in Champaign Urbana."
4	Good solid Thai food.  None of their food particular makes this place stick out from the other thai places in the area, but this is a good place for a consistently good food in a pretty convenient location for those in Urbana.
3	Decent Thai food in downtown Urbana. I went there for dinner on a Friday night, and the place was almost packed. The menu is very extensive, and carry most typical Thai dishes. I ordered a cup of Tom Kha Gai, which was delicious and which I highly recommend (btw the cup is more a bowl than a cup, and is plenty for one person). For my entree, I got the spicy fried catfish, which was also quite good: fried catfish filet stir-fried in a spicy sauce and topped with crispy basil leaves. The portion was very large and it was tasty, but I wish it had come with some vegetables.The service was prompt and efficient and pretty friendly (but what is up with bringing the check before I'm done eating?). I'll probably be back.  3-1/2 stars.
5	Great food!  I highly recommend the curries and noodle dishes.
3	I like Siam Terrace, I do, and you can't go wrong with a pot of tom kha, but I really think the food at thara thai is better, and it's so much cheaper at thara thai I can't get worked up about siam terrace.If I lived in Urbana, I would probably still go here alot, but I don't live in Urbana, so I've only been here twice in 4 years.
5	One of my favorites.  It's a bit expensive, but you get what you pay for.  They use fresh ingredients and the food is always wonderful.  If you eat in for lunch, you can get entrees for about 60% what they cost at dinner, and they come with a salad.  Same size, same great ingredients, just cheaper at lunch.If you haven't had a chance to stop by, you should.
5	Big fan. Big, big fan.Frankly, it's pretty difficult to screw up Pad Thai, let's face it. I will eat Thai food anywhere, but Siam Terrace is the best in town. Apart from the fact that they deliver (I think the ONLY Thai restaurant who do), they have the best egg rolls in town, the best appetizer list, and literally everything is wonderful on the menu. The restaurant isn't perfect in terms of decor, but it is in a really cool old building. The service is generally great, the delivery is quick, and I wholeheartedly recommend it.
3	Siam Terrace gets the job done, Thai-food style, but perhaps it wasnt' the best thing for our group to come here while ravenously hungry.  We had to wait what felt like an inordinately long time to get our food.  The food itself, however, was pretty good, and I particularly liked my pineapple fried rice.  However, they charged me $2 for extra peanut sauce, which I was unaware they'd charge, which was disappointing to be quite sure.However, it's a friendly staff and the food is good although a bit slow in coming.
5	I *really* enjoyed my dining experience at Siam Terrace.  Well, lunching experience, I suppose I should say.  They had awesome lunch specials ($6-8 per entree, with a side salad starter).  I tried their Red Curry with tofu, 2-star spicy.  It was a little bit weak for 2-stars, but not so much so that I was actually disappointed.  It was positively loaded with tofu and vegetables, which pleased me greatly.  The serving size was more than ample for the price.  I left, fat and happy.The waitstaff was on top of their game, except for forgetting to give me utensils until I asked for them.  But this request was met by an embarrassed apology and prompt service.  The food came out quickly, considering the restaurant was not exactly devoid of customers.  The waitress was very pleasant.  What's not to love?
4	Good! I like! This place made the pad se ewe right on. It hit my mark and I'm loving it!
2	Siam is so-so for the vegetarian or vegan.  Perhaps it's better for the omnivores.  I've tried several dishes there and been underwhelmed.  The tofu is deep fried, but it seems like they must fry it up in the morning and throw it into dishes as needed, as it was cold, oily, and gushy.  The prices are expensive.  The food is much better at Basil Thai in Urbana, although the atmosphere there is more campus.
3	i have most definitely had better thai food than what siam terrace offers, after all i am from los angeles, home to the most vibrant thai town in america.  that being said, siam terrace offers decent thai food...that delivers!   t.j., nicolle, and i once went for dinner but it was just so much better brought to my door. granted the driver forgot to look at my address and i had to stay on the phone with him until he found my building, but the piping hot pad ke mao was worth it!
5	Probably the best Thai food I've ever had.  Definitely a cut above the also amazing Basil Thai Urbana but also a bit more expense (you also have to tip here because they actually have servers unlike basil thai).  Nice atmosphere too, it would be a good place to bring a date.  I would highly recommend their tom kha gai soup and their mock duck curry (it's made of seitan).
4	Best Thai in the area.  That's not really saying much, but it's actually on par with your average Thai restaurant in SF or NYC.  My favs are the heaven duck, devil fish, papaya salad & panang curry.  They also have the only edible pad thai around.  It's the correct color, consistency, flavor and they don't cut the noodles into a million pieces like Basil Thai - imagine!
5	I just had my first ever Siam Terrace carry out box lunch special, and I am really impressed.   It's a shame they don't advertise it better, because it's a really great deal and very convenient.It's for carry out only, and $8.50 gets you an egg roll, salad, and your choice of Thai fried rice, Spicy fried rice, Pad See You, or Red Curry. You can get the entrees with either chicken or vegetable. That said, I got a Pad Thai with tofu and vegetables today and it only cost me an extra $2. They don't seem to be terribly picky about substitutions. The portions were smaller than if you eat in, but I was still stuffed. It comes in a really nice little partitioned tray that's sturdy enough to be reused (free tupperware - score!). They will also deliver if you order 2 or more of the boxed lunches.
4	This place is good, I LOVE the mock duck dishes.  I have also had salmon, pad see ew, and pad thai here for entrees and veg dumplings for appetizers.  All of the food I have samples has tasted great, but I must agree with previous reviewers.  This joint is expensive.  I like to order delivery, and I understand that that ain't free.  But somehow, the price always seems to magically increase significantly compared to when I add the prices up myself.  The delivery is fast, the food is tasty, I feel it's a little over-priced.
5	Love, love LOVE Siam Terrace. It is the best thai food I've ever had including when I lived in Chicago and visited Thailand! Their mock duck basil is expensive but worth it! Pad thai is also very good and the food is consistently good which is also important. Their weekday lunch specials are a good deal and will fill you up.
5	Wow!  I will certainly be coming back!  (And I will edit this review as fits.)I'm new in town and hadn't heard of this place, but my date had been here once before and enjoyed it.  We went on a Monday evening.  It's a small restaurant and I've heard people complain about how it is decorated and kept, but I really liked it.  It was clean and neat and small inside, though it is in a strip of bars and other neon-lighted windows.  If you think you're in the wrong place, you might not be.  Once you get inside, however, it's decorated like your classic Thai restaurant.  We got the summer rolls as an appetizer and that was the beginning of the *yum* experience.  Very fresh veggies in a light wrapping, dipped in a spiced peanut sauce.  I didn't think it could get any tastier until I got my dish, a house curry with tofu.  I forget the exact name of it now--I'll edit this later for it.  The first one on the curry menu, though; it's really worth trying.  I got a 3.5/4 spicy rating (yes, I did ask for the .5, thank you very much ;-)).  I like how they have this scale, to be honest.  Anyways, delicious!  Perfectly spiced, not just in a hot way, but in a everything-is-done-right-down-to-the-last-grain-of-spice perfect.  I don't even know how to describe it aside from that.  The tofu was cooked perfectly, as well.We washed it down with oolong tea, from bags, but this wasn't sad enough to keep this place from five stars.  If you know my ratings, you know that means that this place was INCREDIBLE.The service was also excellent; we had two young ladies as our waitresses because one was training and the other, teaching.  Unlike many trainees, our waitress was very professional even though it was apparent that she was new.  The waitresses were very attentive and the service overall was very fast, but did not give up any quality for the speed.Anyways, this place is a must try!Oh yeah, if you try and Google map this, you get real Siam, over in Thailand.  Just a warning.  Thanks, Google.
4	I've been coming to Siam Terrace now for about a year and I have to say, they've upped their game, the service is better (fantastic even), and the food has never failed to impress.  So for all of you Thai-jonesin' folk, Siam is well worth a slot on your rotation.  Nice work :)
3	I've been here twice and both times the experience has been about the same, Good food and Very friendly service. I've had better Thai food but this is the best in CU.  I had the Pad thai, Pad See You, Red Curry and the Tom Kha Gai. I think the Tom Kha Gai was probably the best dish but all dishes left a little to be desired in terms of flavor.
4	I simply can't explain my love for this restaurant (despite only having been here while passing through UC a couple times) as well as April-Hope does below.  I will explain, however, that I docked a star because I've had better Thai cuisine...but that was in Chicagoland.If you're looking for Thai in the U-C area, you can't pass this up.
5	Jesus Christ founded Siam Terrace in 1992 when he could not find Thai Food on earth like God used to make.
5	The best part of eating at Siam Terrace is the historic Knights of Pythias Building in which it is located.  Tin ceilings, 16 feet high, add to the drama.  And the owner and his family are great folks.We had an all sushi/sashimi dinner and the boat presentation was a work of art.The miso soup is perfectly prepared.
3	We got the crab rangoon and spring rolls for an app and then split two of the veggie rice entrees...I think the seitan delight and veggie delight.  The crab was excellent, only complaint is that I wished there was more.  The spring rolls...not so hot.  I am used to shrimp and other veggies other than just lettuce and carrots.  The seitan and the veggie delight were both good, not excellent and we ordered them "A R thai" or something like that...I guess it means that it is the hottest.  Well, I wanted more SPICE!  Too bad we had it delivered and did not have access to the sauce.  Overall, not bad.  I also thought that the portion sizes were pretty small.  They brought them in the normal circle plastic things and they were like half full...I was disappointed in that.  Isnt getting asian take out known for leftovers for days....?
5	I am going to review only one aspect of Siam Terrace, the sushi. I have eaten sushi all over the US, and Siam Terrace is as good as the best, if not the very best sushi I have ever had. OK, I'll review some more, very good pad Thai, great service, all around best Thai restaurant in town, but the sushi is simply the best anywhere.Update: We had some very good sushi in Ft. Lauderdale Florida recently, excellent nigiri. Last night, for Valentine's Day (eve) we ordered more sushi from Siam Terrace for take out. Siam Terrace is still the best ever, anywhere. I can't say enough about it, it is that good.  Simply the best.
3	I really enjoy coming to this restaurant.  The food is generally delicious, they have a great selection of appetizers, and it's not too expensive.  I usually order a curry, which always comes out deliciously fantastic, and I have a love affair with the eggplant tempura.  Buuuut the last time I dined there I switched it up with a Mock Duck with Basil.  This dish sounded totally delicious, and just to emphasize with the waitress what I wanted, I made sure the dish was 100% vegan before proceeding.  That being said, I was hugely disappointed when, instead of mock duck with basil, I got duck with basil.  This is after having the waitress double-check that the order was vegan, and me saying "MOCK duck" several times as she took my order.  So there I was, a lowly vegan in a usually veg-friendly place, with a huge slab of dead meat in front of me.  This upset me far more than I could convey; when they finally brought out the "real" mock (somewhat ironic, I know) duck, it was great.  It may seem like an innocent screw-up back in the kitchen, but as someone who has devoted the rest of their life to help end the suffering of animals, I was no happy camper.  For this reason, I can't give it more than 3 stars.Go here, you'll have a good meal, but be warned... the service is frequently slow, and your order might get really messed up...
3	We got some delivery from here the other night; feeling lazy but wanting some Thai.The delivery was prompt, they found us with no back-n-forth on the phone, which I appreciate.Friend got the pad thai, she thought it was nothing special.  I chose the duck curry and adored it!  We both had enough food for 2 meals.Delivery was an extra expense, but worth it on a cold blustery night.  Will try again for certain, perhaps even going in!
4	Siam Terrace is probably second for Thai food in CU. And even then it's pretty close. Both restaurants have their particular strengths so part of it depends on what you're in the mood for. The staff is very friendly although sometimes a little slow if it gets busy. I think they have the best pad thai in town. To me it has the perfect blend of sweetness, nutiness and spice complimented by the fresh bite of the cilantro and crunch of sprouts and shredded carrot. It's sweeter than your typical pad thai but it's very well balanced overall.Their appetizers are nicely priced and I have enjoyed all of them that I tried. I would not recommend the Thom Kha soup here. It's a bit too sweet and lacks some of the depth of other versions of this soup I've had. It's not bad by any means, but it wasn't what I was looking for in that soup. Be bold with spice here. It can vary, but I find that they tend to be a bit more gentle with the spice overall.A big plus for Siam Terrace is its selection of sushi. It's decently priced for the most part and everything I've had is tasty. I'd definitely recommend their Bakery sushi. It's moderately priced and is battered and served with some excellent eel sauce. Be careful when you first get it though as it's VERY hot.For a drink, I recommend trying the coconut juice or Thai Iced Tea. Both are refreshing and a great, sweet compliment to the spicier dishes.
4	Upgrade after actually going inside.  I really enjoy places serving both Thai and Japanese food.  It's the wave of the future.  The next chicken-n-waffles.Liked that the decor here wasn't too over the top.  Fake flowers were the only off note.  Warmly painted walls; artwork that doesn't hurt your eyeballs.Service good, friendly and fast.  They actually seemed to care how we liked the food.Sushi here was solid; there were some inventive rolls.  Everything sushi prepared at an open style counter towards the back.To me one mark of good a Thai joint is the tom kah.  It's fairly amazing in the flavor department here.  Loved it- but for the mushrooms; not straw like would've expected, just regular plain old button mushrooms.  It was the only off flavor in the soup.Red curry was nice.  A three on the spicy level was perfect, but next time I'd ask for three and a half.  The salad dressing on our tiny side salads was so good both myself and dining companion drank the last left in our bowls.Oh, and the best part: forty bucks got both of us enough food for 2-3 meals.
3	The thai food is ok. Not as good as basil thai in my opinion. Haven't had the chance to try their sushis yet though.
3	This is review is based on the only two dishes we had. Food came in relative small portion for the price, maybe we were starving that day, but we almost licked the dish dry. The food is fresh, but the taste is nothing more than ordinary.In summary, a so-so place that we probably won't go back any time soon.
3	Siam is my favorite Thai restaurant in Urbana. I love their vegetarian options (even though I eat meat) - they make a mean mock duck and they are willing to substitute Seitan into just about any dish. I discovered the CRISPY pad thai about a year ago, and it's become my favorite dish (pad thai that's fried? what's not to love??).The very best part about this restaurant is the fact that they deliver to Urbana residents EAST of Vine st. My only complaint about this place is the variable service (esp since they don't take reservations). I've been here for both dinner and lunch on several occasions and I have to say depending on which server you get, the service is either great or horrendous. beware...
5	Mock duck yummy vegan dishes! Yummy! Get them now! Eat them now! mmmmmmmmm
5	I love this place, the food is always great. Me and my wife have been their multipule times and never a bad meal. I live in indianapolis and this place is as good if not better than anyplace here in the city.
4	This was my first Thai restaurant I've tried in Illinois since having been spoiled with excellent Thai food in California. I came to Siam Terrace after reading the reviews on yelp, and I have to say that I was not disappointed! My friend and I ordered the eggroll appetizer, the panang curry and the pad thai. All of which were very delicious! We ordered the sticky rice with mango, which was decent. And I ordered the Thai iced tea which was okay. I will definitely be going back here to get my Thai food fix!
5	I went there and I actually finished a plate of food. Hardly ever happens when I eat out. You can pick the degree of spiciness when you order. I can't wait to return!
4	SOLID.I have only been once but my pad see ew was delish! The noodles were cooked perfectly and I left full. My boyfriend is also a huge curry fan and he says that this place has probably the best in Champaign. We both love spicy food so this place was perfect! I'll be back!
5	I'm Thai. I grew up eating Thai food. I've worked at a couple of Thai restaurants. I know a good Thai restaurant when I see one.My favorites: Pad See Ew, Prig Khing stirfry, Lava Trio, and Bangkok roll (it's a fancy sushi roll).The price is pretty good for what you get. The service is consistently good, and the ambient is probably better than most Thai restaurants in town (love the red tin ceiling!).
5	This place is amazing! I live on Mattis and they deliver to me. Friendly staff. Killer pad thai. Best tofu dishes in town! Get the eggplant tempura, even if you hate egg plant, you will not regret this!!!!!
3	Something happened to this place ~2 years ago. It used to be, hands down, the best Thai in Chambana. Fresh, flavorful, etc. Then, a series of visits (at least 5) left me disappointed. I kept coming back because it's still probably the best in the area, but now that's not saying much. I hope they are back on the upswing.
4	Now this is more like it! So far this is the best thai restaurant in C-U I have been to. I was a little wary of trying their sushi but I was not disappointed. Their tuna rolls were tasy but could have a little better assembled. Their service is good and I think they make an excellent Pad Se Eew and Pad Thai. I keep coming back and will definitely be one of my last stops before getting out of this town.
4	Pretty good sushi considering it's chambana. My sister even tried a spicy tuna roll even though she "doesn't" like sushi. I could tell that she didn't appreciate the texture...she had that "I'm gonna puke, but not because it tastes bad" look. I think we all know what I'm talking about. Overall, a good night out. I'd return, but I'm guessing that I'll try something different next time since I don't visit the Alma mater that frequently.
5	Best Thai food in town. I love their appetizers!
4	Siam Terrace is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in Urbana. It's also memorably one of the few restaurants I have a favorite dish at just because they make a red curry so well. Don't let that detract you from choosing something else on the menu though. The rad nar, pad thai, and other options are all excellent choices. I'm just particular I guess.It's not quite five stars just because sometimes it does feel a little cramped if you have four or more people (and the proximity of the tables feels a tad off), but I'd have to say it's more than four. Appetizers are alright, it's hard to go wrong with basic fare although the shrimp appetizer is quite good and I heartily recommend it.While I put it at $$ it's more like $ and a half. Prices are very reasonable, with my favorite red curry starting at $8.99 or so for the vegetarian, chicken, or tofu options, and a bit higher for meat entrees (usually no more than $12 in the case of seafood).
2	Short review - I ordered it level 4 spicy, it had not a hint of heat. Both noodle dishes I ordered, Pad Thai and Pad See You were kind of boring. I think it is a bit overpriced for what it is.
3	I order from Siam Terrace every once in awhile. I find their Thai food to be a little on the sweet side but it's not bad at all. I love that they have sushi -- it's not bad especially if its delivered! Overall I'm not totally excited about Siam Terrace but I definitely would recommend it to any thai/sushi lovers.
5	It's the most consistently delicious food in Champaign-Urbana. Everything is good: the soups, the noodle dishes, the sushi, the curry, the fish, the duck, the deserts... it's all amazing. Their lunches are every bit as good as their dinners, only smaller and more inexpensive. A great value.
4	I've been ordering their "two thai pastas for $15.99" deal, and it has been fantastic every time.  I generally get the crispy pad thai, which comes with fried wontons and an excellent pad thai sauce.  Delivery is generally on the longer side, at around 45 minutes, but it is delicious once you get it.
4	I went to Siam Terrace for dinner and after tasting every dish at the table I decided it's the best Thai I've had in CU thus far.Service was friendly and neither intrusive nor absent.
5	Absolutely amazing Thai restaurant.  The prices are a little on the higher end ($10-15 range) but I would say the food is most definitely worth the price.  I try something new every time I go here and it's always delicious.   You get a pretty generous portion, but its not overflowing.  I think what I like best about this place is how "light" the food feels, and is not heavy and thickening like most Asian food.  To say the least, the food feels "healthy" due to how light you feel even after eating your whole platter.  The servers are extremely friendly as well, and the food always comes out quick and hot.  The food is so intricately made and is such a medley of deliciousness.  I know appearance isn't a big deal either, but the dishes just look fresh, pretty, and delicious... and they are.  Really expansive menu, and offers a really good sushi bar as well.  Really beautiful decor inside as well.  Definitely check this place out when you have the chance.
3	Maybe I don't like Thai food (but I dont think that's it), but I have yet to eat here and be satisfied with the meal.  The quantity is enough. But after I pay $15 for a meal and the food is mediocre, it just leaves something to be desired.  I've tried several of the curries and soups.  The meals are satisfactory but not worth the price.
5	nothing to complain about with Siam Terrace, the lunch specials are excellent with my preference for the Lava Chicken.  My wife swears the beef pad thai is the best in champaign/urbana.This is about as good as you will find for thai anywhere.
2	So many people told me that this is the best place in town to get Thai food, and I was sorely disappointed, especially since I took my mom here.The panang curry and thai basic rice were not memorable. The pad thai was bland, and the lad nar was way too salty. We also ordered the mixed appetizer plate that came with bland chicken eggrolls and spring rolls entirely filled with lettuce for which the sauce could not compensate for taste.  Add the strange ambiance involving Top 40 hits in the background and you have an establishment that far from impressed me. The worse thing was I found this restaurant to be expensive for the area.Maybe their business lays in their sushi.
5	I've only ordered one dish here, but I can't stray from it because it is so amazing.MOCK DUCK BASIL. Order it, eat it, love it. One of the best vegetarian dishes ever.
2	I don't understand why everyone raves about this place. The first time my food wasn't that great, I blamed myself for not ordering the right dish. But, I have eaten from Siam Terrace many times now and my opinion is still the same. Even basic things like Pad-thai, Pad kee mao ended up not meeting my expectations. I don't think I would ever order from here again.
4	Good pad Thai. Great prices. Defiantly go to Thai place in CU for me.
5	Charged 2.50 for delivery , food was made with fresh ingredients, slight mis step in communication of weather to hold the onions or not.  Pad won seen was excellent!  Eat here!
4	Note:  I only get Pad See Ew at Thai restaurants....Decent Pad See Ew.  No complaints - if you ask for it spicy they make it HOT.  Be careful with that.  Service is always good, I'm a fan.
4	We had two very satisfying lunches here. Both times I got the Pad See Ew. Asking for a spiciness of 1 out of 4 yielded a great sweet and salty blend. The atmosphere is just okay, but we had great service and delicious food - can't complain and would definitely return.
1	Worst Chinese ever!!! Had their pad Thai and it was horrible and the texture was Discusting! Their crab Rangoon was decent but other than that horrible
2	Other than the spiciness, I was very underwhelmed by their pad thai.The employee who took my order messed up twice while trying to take my order over the phone only to be told by a second employee that I can't place the order and receive the discount unless I do it online.
3	My son likes this a bit better than I.  He loves the sweet rice and mango dessert.
2	I found everything here to be bland. The Pad Thai with tofu was okay, but pretty bland. I tried the Spicy Seitan as well, and it was anything but spicy. Also very bland. The seitan tasted just ok and the vegetables that were listed on the menu weren't in the dish. Everything was edible, but just not that great. If I return to the U of I area I wouldn't come back.
3	As per my previous review, I used to like this place much better than my last few outings here.  My last three meals at this place have been nothing close to the 5 star rating I originally gave it.  Last time I went, my order came out wrong twice, finally being overly salted and dryed out.  The restaurant was also freezing inside... turn up your heater! The two times before that, the food was just bland, overcooked, and not appetizing at all.  This used to be my favorite thai restaurant, but something changed, and I don't even care to go here anymore.  Something changed, and it wasn't for the better!
2	No great shakes. Expensive for Thai food (even if average for this area) and uninspiring cuisine for the most part.
4	We went there after reading the review and we were not disappointed . The food was spicy and delicious.We ordered for expert spicy soup ,green curry and red curry.  Its not a big place but worth visiting for thai food.
1	Food arrived cold, they said they would replace it but they reheated it in the microwave. Then they tried to charge me extra 50% for using a credit card?!! Crazy
4	This review is wayyy overdue so hopefully Siam Terrace is still the same as it was when I last visited. If you decide to come here, you can't leave without trying the crispy pad Thai. It's a nice change since the dish is made from wonton skins as opposed to noodles.
5	Best Thai food in the C-U area. On one occasion I asked for no onions on my rice and they sent it with onions so I called them back and they sent me a new one, no questions asked. I've also ordered seafood dishes from them multiple times and they're always fresh. Bottom line: excellent food, excellent customer service.
4	I love their pad thai I have tried diff places and this has def been my favorite. I order online it's quick and easy!!!
5	Sam is one of the best Thai food I had. Their curries tastes decent with a subtle taste of fresh herbs. I attempted to make curry but mine never come close to what they offer. Never tried their sushi though.
4	We went here on a Sunday afternoon.  The restaurant is very nice and appealing.  The service is friendly and quick.  The food was delicious!  The portions were very nice for sharing, too.  My only suggestion for this restaurant would be to add traditional Thai fresh spring rolls to their appetizer menu.
4	Really nicely done!The perfect amount of chili pepper heat, and served steaming hot. I will definitely try them again.
5	Great place! I always enjoy going there. Once the food took super long, but every place messes up once. I love their noodle dishes and their curries. It is all good.
4	I enjoy the food here but the atmosphere is kind of blah. Usually get the yellow curry or pad thai.
5	I order here all the time. Good prices, amazing food and nice selection. Lovely and wonderful staff. I highly recommend the Pad See Yu and well everything else you can get here. The mussel appetizer is amazing as well. I could sit and tell you everything about this nice intimate little spot but all I can do now is give it five stars and urge you to have a wonderful Thai experience at Siam Terrace
4	Great service, no waiting and friendly staff. I love how spicy the food can be by request without losing the great thai flavor. I recommend the fried banana if you like a little crunch
4	I've been here a few times, and I like it. The service is quick, friendly, and attentive. The food is pretty good. My favorite dish so far is the pad see ew because it has a nice balance of protein, veggies, and noodles. I tried the pad thai once, and I can never get myself to order it again. It was edible, but it tasted different than any other pad thai I've had at other restaurants.
3	They make the food really sweet. Their noodles is not very good but I think the curries are ok.
3	I love Thai food. LOVE it. I didn't love anything about the foods I tried today. The salad, maybe - that was interesting and very tasty. When I saw onion dressing on the menu and it came out looking simply as grated onion over the lettuce, I wasn't expecting much. It was a pleasant surprise. I would definitely order the salad again. Our table shared the mussels, a spider roll, chicken satay, and lava chicken. The mussels were MASSIVE! I was expecting them to come in a bowl cooked in sauce as I'm used to, but these are served on a plate with a dish of cold sauce to dip them in. The sauce is a vinaigrette that was supposed to have some heat, but I didn't notice any. The spider roll was exactly what I'm used to. Very small wasabi/ginger portions! The chicken satay was a-ok. I've had amazing, this doesn't compare. The peanut sauce really helped, though. The lava chicken had no heat at all. It looked tasty but was actually very bland. The service was very good and very friendly!
4	Good food. Good service. Decent atmosphere. Worth trying. Sushi is the way to go, but the portions of the thai entrees are solid too.
4	Pad see ew is really fantastic here. I got the pad thai initially and was not a fan at all. However, now that I found "my dish" I've been back a few times in the last couple of weeks.
4	Went here is very good. I liked the food ramnook tofu was sweet and savory and on the lunch plate was only 7.50. I also had the 4 in 1 appetizer not worth the cost fish cakes, shrimp with noodles around it, crab rangoon, pot stickers with four different sauces. Two of which were sweet. Also, they dont have Siracha here so if you want it extra spicy you should ask. Recommend going there for lunch much cheaper.
4	I have never had a terrible experience at Siam Terrace thus far. Their Thai dishes are delicious, some more than others. I like their fried rice and really enjoy their salad. The prices aren't bad and the portions are good. I also tried their sushi before and it was pretty good. However, the last time I visited they told us that they weren't serving sushi at the time. Not sure why or if they have a specific time for it but that was somewhat disappointing. So call ahead if you want sushi! Still, I like Siam. I feel like it's one of the few good Thai places around Chambana. Definitely worth a try.
5	My favorite Pad See Ewe and the best thai in Champaign Urbana. Their yellow curry is a second favorite and their sushi is always very fresh.
3	I order the shrimp salad for delivery and it was very tasty. However I paid $11 for 5 pieces of shrimp and three pieces of greens...seasoning was great but I was expecting a much bigger portion. On the plus side, delivery took only about 15 mins.
2	Went here on a Saturday evening. It wasn't too full, but had a good number of people in it. Between the four of us, we ordered, the Lava Trio, Pad Thai, Thai beef noodle soup (Thai pho) with a crab rangoon on the side, and a vegetarian tofu stir fry. We also ordered three rolls of sushi Atmosphere (2/5)Not fancy, very casual, chill. Like most Champaign Asian restaurants, a little dingy. There is a small outdoor seating section, and some nice natural light near the front with the windows.Food (3/10)Let me start with the good. The crab rangoon was good. I mistakenly ordered it after reading the reviews for the My Thai crab rangoon, but I was pleasantly surprised because I enjoyed it. The Lava Trio was also decent. Not the freshest seafood (alright not fresh at all), but it was tasty albeit expensive. That is all that was good about this place. The Pad Thai and vegetable stir were both  too salty and too sweet. The beef noodle soup was basically salted basil water, with a heaping serving of oil. On top of that, our server decided not to bring out thesushi until well after we were finished eating the rest of the food despite asking for the sushi first. When the sushi finally came out, one of the rolls, called the White Bear, came with very little scallop in the roll, and on top of that, my dad who orders the roll regularly, commented on how it was the worst White Bear he has ever had. The Volcano was some kind of crab cake on top of a basic California roll. The Bangkok roll, which I ordered after reading various reviews, was a heap load of good ingredients thrown together into one mess of a roll. That one I picked apart and ate the pieces individually. Not bad.Service (2/5)Our server seemed nice enough, but unfamiliar with the menu. When I asked for opinions about her favorite dishes, she barely had any opinions because she barely had touched the food. At least she was honest. However, When we complained about the White Bear being subpar, she gave us a dirty questioning look, apologized, and offered free desert as compensation, which unfortunately, we did not try because we were full. Value (2/5)The food was not that good. Ok it was pretty bad. And also not cheap. Our billcame to over 100 for four people. Three of us did not enjoy our meal. Overall the whole experience breaks down like so: Atmosphere: 2/5 (Dingy with some decent natural lighting near the windows.)Service: 2/5 (Server gave us dirty looks when we complained about the White Bear.)Value: 1/5 (Small portions + bad food = sad wallet.)Food: 3/10 (Parts of the meal were edible but not much was enjoyable.)Overall: 8/25 - Would have to pull teeth to make me go back. Try at your own risk. Maybe you will have better luck.
5	Though their menu might appear pricey especially for dinner, the dishes are completely worth it. Try the Panang salmon with asparagus, the Heaven duck curry, the Pad Thai, or any of their red/green/yellow curry dishes. If you're vegetarian try the mock duck curry. For soups, tom kha gai is yum. They also serve smaller portions at lunch. For dessert, try their seasonal Sticky rice with mango - while I've never been a fan of mangoes in the US, this restaurant knows how to pick their mangoes! For drink, try the Thai iced coffee/tea.Service is always wonderful. They also have wines and liquors, but c'mon who drinks wine with Thai food? :)Just don't try their sushi.
4	I ordered pad ke mao and crab rangoon. The delivery was fast, and the driver was delicious. I mean the food was delicious, the driver was nice.
3	I definitely feel that the their strongest items are the fried rice dishes. The pad thai is way too sweet and the sushi is average at best.
4	Around 9:49 PM: "Whoops. I was craving Thai, not whatever this "crispy pad thai" situation is. It's a pile of wafers. How is this a "noodle"? So disappointed.The crab rangoon is good. I guess it'll be my lunch/dinner for the day/night. Somehow the four wontons don't seem to suffice; but close to nothing is better than a pile of cold wafers."9:58 PM: I called to complain that it's under the "noodles" section, and whoever answered said, "Yes. That's crispy pad thai." Uhh.. That's great; it's not a noodle dish though. Now I have a 10$ plate of cold wafers.10:15 PM: *Edit from one star to four*"Okay fine. Pouring the sauce on the cold wafers makes the wafer/chip situation 'better.' Still disappointed. Still think it should be under a different category. Also, I spilled the sauce on my leg. Not Siam terrace's fault, but I love complaining."
5	One of the best Thai restaurants in Urbana! The Pad Thai was delicious, but it is just a little of the pricey side for normal college students.
2	I got take-out from Siam Terrace years ago and wasn't really impressed.  My wife and I got soup, a duck dish, and something else that I don't remember.  The duck dish still had a lot of gristle and bones in the duck pieces, and the soup wasn't that flavorful.  It felt kind of expensive for the amount and quality of food we got; we meant it as a treat meal, but it didn't really feel like one.It had, however, been a few years and it was a convenient spot for lunch.  Knowing that they had lunch specials, we decided to give it another try.  As you can guess from the number of stars, we won't be trying it again.The atmosphere/decor is fine - not especially distinctive, not going to really scare anyone off or impress them.The service was likewise fine, fairly attentive for the lunch rush.The food was disappointing.  The salads were iceberg lettuce served with a very firm tomato slice and sliced carrot.  The dressing didn't taste much like ginger - it was mostly sweet and very watery, so that there was a puddle left on the plate after finishing the salad itself.  I think I would rather not have had a salad, as opposed to having such a perfunctory one.For the main dish, I got the red curry and my wife got the pad thai.  The pad thai was really, really sweet.  The red curry was alright - despite being labeled as two peppers on the menu, it didn't have much heat.  I got it with chicken and there wasn't a huge amount of chicken in it.I really hate to say it, but I felt like some of the distinctive thai flavors - the spice and basil, for instance - were toned down or absent, creating a more Midwesternized version of the dishes.Portion sizes were alright - we both ended up taking some home to eat later. Basically, the food was okay.  However, the price for the two lunch specials + 2 iced teas + one thai tea (also incredibly sweet, but it's supposed to be) was about $22 with tax.  For that price, I found myself wishing we'd gone somewhere else and I can't say that anything else on the menu made me want to return.
3	My first Thai experience and honestly it was more like a 3.5 stars.We ordered a Pad Thai with chicken and a Mussamun Beef Curry delivered. Delivery time was very fast and we used their convenient online ordering.My roommate really liked his Pad Thai and my Mussamun curry was decent as well, in terms of flavor. My only reservations about Siam Terrace is the price. Yes, you get very large portion of food, but to be honest I didn't think either dish was worth over $10. The meat quality, at least on the beef was not very good, as I'm beginning to see with all Asian restaurants down here. I don't get it, do they not want to purchase good beef?I think if the meat was higher quality it might be worth it, but the high price really turned me off.The flavor and authenticity of the dish was spot on, though. The exact taste was a really interesting combination of sweet, spicy and creaminess. I thought the curry was pretty liquid-y itself but maybe Thai curry is not the same as Indian curry? I'm not sure.3.5/5 for authenticity, quick delivery, portion size and just something unique.I will have to try something else!
5	Best vegetarian friendly Thai food around!! I find myself seriously craving their mock duck basil and mock duck curry dishes as well as their steamed vegetable wontons! Soooo good!!
1	Really disappointed. Visiting the area after a long day of traveling. Used yelp to find a good Thai place to deliver to my hotel. Person on the phone had no clue what they were doing. He immediately took my personal information before I could even ask if they delivered. Then he indicated he thought they did.   Their yelp ad mentioned a free app if you indicated you found them on yelp. I mentioned the add and it took. Several minutes of listening to their background conversation before they.   Determined they would only give me that if I came to the restaurant.  After all the hassle the supervisor came on and confirmed they didn't honor the ad regardless of the fact the ad didn't specify. So I said I would just cancel what would have been at least a $50 order. She said ok and just hung up. Wow. I guess they don't need the business.
