3	This place has been open approximately two weeks, so it's time that someone reviewed it.I came here for the first time today after lunch at Roberto's because my coworkers recommended it. I decided to have a light lunch, leaving room for what I was hoping would be a delicious crepe. For a place called Tasty Crepes, there aren't many crepe choices. While you have various fruit choices and ice cream flavors, they're all basically dessert crepes. No lunch or dinner crepes.The crepe wasn't bad. The serving size was large and is big enough to be shared. They use Thrifty ice cream, so the ice cream was good. Next time I'll probably just get an ice cream cone rather than the crepe.
4	My girlfriend and I were always looking for a good place to get crepes on the southwest side of town, and now that this place has come along, I think we have found one! The owners were really nice, and the crepes were delicious (we went with strawberry, whip cream, blueberries, and vanilla ice cream). It took about all of 5 minutes to scarf mine down, and I was definitely ready for 2nds.The place was a little quiet--kinda like a library--which made me feel like we had to whisper at times. That's probably because it's new, but if they punched up the ambiance a little bit I'd raise it to a 5 star in a heart beat. Also, it'd be nice if you could add a few things to the side--maybe eggs if you're in the mood for breakfast, etc.All in all, a place we will definitely come back to, and a place I'd recommend to come check out.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. The portions are plentiful, the owners are sweet and the deserts are Amazing!!!!
5	This place is great ( if you know your crepes) having a European background, crepes are normally made with fruit, and are a sweet delicious treat! If you are looking for a more modern crepe, such as a lunch item, I would recommend la crepe in the Paris hotel. Personally, I love the fruit filled crepes just like Grandma used to make! So if you want a different sweet I would def try Tasty crepes!
4	I am a dessert lover, and although there isn't anything out of the ordinary or extra special about this particular, little crepe cafe, the crepes are delicious and so are the frozen bananas! It's bright and colorful inside, and the owner is always happy to greet us every time. There are also other frozen treats that you can happily indulge in (frozen bananas, frozen cheesecake, etc.)I definitely think this place deserves a little more attention than it gets! But that's understandable considering there are a lot of dessert spots around this area, those of which also serve Thrifty's ice cream. Whenever I order crepes here, I finish it in less than two minutes. It's the combination of ice cream, the multiple choices of fruit and sauces, the convenience of the location (for me), and the great service that deserves 4 stars.
5	Been here a few times with my kids, and each time we come here we are never disappointed. The Crepes here is sooooooo AMAZING! My favorite is definitely vanilla ice cream top with banana and some chocolate syrup on top. Besides the Crepes there frozen fruits are also delicious. The kids love coming here and ordering different things on the menu every week. Besides the yummy Dessert, the owners are also very nice people!
5	this place has an awesome selection of treats and crepes are very tasty. But the place smells weird other than that i enjoy my visits here.
5	Thin crepe cooked evenly, slightly sweet batter. Spread on some nutella scoop of rocky road ice cream, now add some strawberries, blueberries, and banana's. next comes some chocolate sauce drizzled on top, whip cream and a cherry.  Now that's a tasty crepe! Very good, generous portion, friendly staff.
5	Fantastic!!!! The crepes are awesome, they have thrifty ice cream, and Nutella. It's like the triple crown of delicious!!! Plus, they have smoothies, boba tea, and fresh fruit!!! And the people at the counter are total sweethearts!!!
5	Tried the pizza crepe. Absolutely amazing. Wife had the Nutella banana crepe. Two thumbs up there too. The place looks like a hold in the wall to me. But the food is amazing. Def would recommend to friends.
5	I got the banana nutella crepe and my hubbs got the pizza crepe....Total topping overload.around $20 for 2 crepes plus a bottled water each. But fresh ingredients (she made it in front of us and cut up everything fresh out of the fridge before cooking)its a small place and theyve got a alot of smoothies and boba on the menu too! def will be back
5	This has become the new spot for pure deliciousness!!! We got there 3 minutes before closing time on a Sunday, and were treated with smiles and welcomes! The menu was sooooo full of the yummiest fruits and flavors it was a challenge choosing! We all got crepes that were overloaded with freshness and it was amazing! We were very pleased and plan in going back... Having desert pre-ordered for a Halloween party next wkd. Fair prices, clean place, friendly staff and excellent product: recipe for success!
5	We need to thank Yelp for steering us here. Best meal and best value for buck since we rolled into the Red Rock Casino and Spa. Well worth the commute here!
5	A few days ago I was having a crepe craving and we came across this spot. It's a little hole in the wall place, but it was surprisingly good.The inside is a little empty..and white.. Everything is ordered through these pieces of paper. The crepes have all these fruit, filling, topping, and ice cream options. You circle what you want in your crepe. Same for the bobas.I ordered a crepe with strawberries, bananas, Nutella, whipped cream, powdered sugar, and cookies n cream ice cream. It was bomb! We got 2 crepes, 2 bobas, and a large milk for $28, so the prices are fair. Service was friendly.They have lots of frozen treats too. Chocolate cheesecake, chocolate bananas, etc. The only thing I recommend is having more savory crepe options. I only saw a few.
5	Came in here today on a crepe craving with a girlfriend. They sell frozen treats, such as dipped bananas, ice cream, and more.Super clean place and guy who helped out was really friendly and accommodating. We ordered a Rocky Road crepe with kiwi and strawberries and a savory crepe with mozzarella, Ham, mushrooms, onions, spinach, and avocado. I wish they carried some ranch but they gave us ketchup and mustard. The crepes were the biggest I've ever ordered so definitely worth the bang for the buck!Five stars for service, taste, quality!
5	Huge crepes. Everything is good. Served with delicious Thrifty ice cream. Fruit is fresh or they dont serve it. Pick up a slip to custom order your crepe. My favorite is strawberry banana with nutella chocolate whipped cream powdered sugar. Vanilla or strawberry ice cream on yhe side. Mmmmmm.
5	Fresh fruit. Quality ice cream and home made crepes, what's not to love?? Apologize to yourself if u don't go.
5	The owners are extremely friendly and nice. They explain everything and answer all questions. Their crepes are delicious. As I was eating, they offered a free sample of their chocolate covered bananas. Definitely a place worth going to for sweets.
4	Fresh fruit, ice cream, nutella, crepes.  Now that I have your attention, that is just one of the many crepes you can create here. with multiple ingredients, sauces, and mix ins, you can really have some tasty savory crepes.  The portion size is large and filling and the owners very friendly.  If sweet isn't your thing, try the savory pizza crepes, deli crepes and more. Or try the chocolate banana bites (pineapple and mango too).
4	Aww the owners here are really nice. They explain everything and kept asking if the crepe is good. They even give you a card to stamp for each crepe you order so you can earn towards a free crepe in the future.  It's a cozy little place that serves delicious crepes. I stumbled across this place when I was experiencing this intense crepe craving. Came here this afternoon with my mom since we both have a sweet tooth. You can order the fruit crepe by filling out this small piece of paper. I ordered a crepe with strawberries, kiwi, and blueberries, with Nutella, whipped cream, powdered sugar, and butter pecan ice cream. It was really good! The portion size is huge. The fruit taste fresh and the crepe comes with a good amount of fruit. .
5	They keep things simple. Crepes: made to order with fresh fruits, as many sauces and toppings you want, and a gigantic scoop of good quality ice cream for only a dollar more. Portion sizes are more than generous as well. They also have a good assortment of chocolate dipped frozen mango, pineapple, cheesecake, and banana. You have the option of bites or on a stick, with nuts, sprinkles, or coconut shavings, etc., etc! Other places could use a tip from them when it comes to top-notch customer service. The owners are very accommodating and welcoming. They help you through the ordering process and are super patient! This place screams QUALITY DESSERTS and SERVICE at you! Five stars, well-earned.
5	I've been coming here since they opened & they've always been consistent!!! BEST crepes I've ever had!!! And they're the nicest owners, I love them!!! WARNING: YOU CAN SHARE, BUT NOT RECOMMENDED!!! U'LL want it all 2 urself
5	Place is awesome! Service is great, and their crepes are delicious. Highly recommend this place. I'm definitely coming back. I got crepe with banana, strawberry and kiwi, oh, and cookies and cream.....delicious!!!!
4	To keep it short go for the crepes! I can't believe how good their crepes are!! Be patient though because there's only one worker making the dessert! Now stay away from the chocolate dipped stuff. It looks good but they use cheap chocolate. Overall I'd go back!!
5	Place is awesome! Service is great, and their crepes are delicious. Highly recommend this place. I'm definitely coming back. I got crepe with banana, strawberry and kiwi, oh, and cookies and cream.....delicious!!!!
5	I've been to other crepe stores in las vegas. But this crepe houe is extraordinary~ they only use fresh fruit everytime and the size is begger than anywhere else. It is almost Twice as big.
5	Just got an awesome crepe and it was super good, spent $10 after tip and everything and it was enough for 2 people to split!
5	I've been going to Tasty Crepes since they were at fantastic swap meet their crepes are really good and the kids love their chocolate covered bananas and cheeseckes.
5	This place has had great crepes since they opened and have been adding more great treats every since.
5	The crepes are sooo good! Especially with fresh fruit and thrifty ice cream! Also they make their own whip cream from scratch and it's awesome! Also try the frozen chocolate dipped bananas, their amazing!
5	I don't have a big sweet tooth but wow! Amazing desserts :D the staff is super friendly which only makes your trip sweeter.
5	What a great desert place that serves ice cream with fresh fruits inside a delicious crepe. This place also have fresh waffles and all kinds of frozen chocolate dipped fruits. Ohhh, don't forget to try their Mango/Sticky Rice...The people are really nice which makes the place that much more special. Must check it out.
5	So far I've been on here twice. Each time the lady (I think the owner?) has been the one to take our order. Service is excellent and the crepes are delicious!   I have only had the dessert type crepe here. I would like to try the other items on their menu. I will definitely be back to try them.
5	This spot is a family own place. & I have nothing but great experiences every time I go here & I always get the Nutella & banana Crepes & it gets better every time I try it. This place is addicting & it's affordable compare to every other Crepe Place is town. The owners are awesome, they are funny, they care about the reviews, feedback & what we have to say. They make it just like what's on the pictures believe it or not. Everyone must try this place for some delicious Crepes.
4	Thanks to all the good Yelp reviews, I wanted to come here and give it a try.  Came last night and didn't realize how close it was to my house, so that's a plus already, haha. As soon we walked in through the doors we were greeted by the owner, it's him and his wife and they are jut as sweet as can be. We didn't look familiar to him so he asked if we were new customers and of course we said yes. I noticed he recognizes his customers and that shows good character on his behalf. It makes you feel welcomed and gives you a family feel. So, we ordered the banana split and a fruit crepe and they were delicious especially because they use Thrifty ice cream, that's the second plus. They also have chocolate dipped bananas, mango, pineapple, banana bites and cheesecake!!! That's right, a chocolate covered cheesecake!! Unfortunately, they don't sell the banana bites individually and one is all I wanted last night but their $3.50 for 6 bites so it's a good price and $5.00 for the cheesecake. I will definitely try the cheesecake next time I come in. This is a nice place to come with your family on a hot day when you're craving a cold treat.
5	Phillip and his employees are friendly and kind! Love the crepes here and it's awesome that they have thrifty's ice cream
5	Was my first time here & I had the fruit crepe. Strawberries, mangos, & bananas all fresh with Nutella spread on the crepe. Can add a scoop of Thrifty ice cream for only a buck. Also, I tried the frozen mango & frozen banana bites which were both amazing! Definitely will be back. Very friendly staff!
5	Love this place. First time here and I'm amazed. The chocolate dip fruits are bomb af
5	This place exceeded my expectations! The crepes are, just as stated, tasty! And HUGE too! The store is cute, nice size, a few tables  and lounge couches and you have the option of eating there or taking to go. We chose to stay and indulge in a crepe. They give you the option for 3 toppings with or without ice cream. Ordering is super easy because they already set up a tiny paper that you can decide on what you would like from Nutella to chocolate to all the fruits and ice cream! Being such an indecisive person, it was so hard to decide! I chose a Nutella, banana, strawberry, with whipped cream, chocolate syrup, and chocolate malted crunch ice cream. YUM. The crepe was made perfectly, soft and chewy, with a hint of crunchiness at some parts. I also couldn't help myself, but we grabbed a couple chocolate dipped fruits, which were delish and reasonably priced. It comes with 6, and I chose to get banana, pineapple, and mango. Mmm mmm, good. My boyfriend's little brother chose 2 scoops of chocolate ice cream, and I got one scoop of rainbow sherbet. Thrifty's ice cream is always the way to go! They sell boba and other deliciously looking crepes which I will definitely need to try in the future! The lady who served us was really nice and friendly which is always an added plus. She gave us a punch card, and if you're someone like me who collects these from the best places, then this is an added plus!! If you're looking for a quick dessert stop with good prices and wanting to walk out like you're full and satisfied, tasty crepes is definitely the place to go! Pretty happy with this being my first review. :) 5 stars for SURE!
5	I been here so many times that's the owner knows it's me again. I just want to say is hard to find a place like this one here in vegas. Clean and welcoming place, they don't still from you giving you a good amount of ice cream and fruit.
5	The place is clean, Good fresh fruit and food. The crepes are loaded! (You will be full if not stuffed)The owner is extremely nice. The owner even let me make my own crepe! She is all about the customer we liked it so much we even dropped a $10 tip! This place is great and and is well deserving 5 stars!
5	I love this place! Sweet and savory crepes are delicious. The owners are very, very nice. Definitely a mom and pop place. The store has a nice layout and is clean. Haven't tried the desserts, but they also look awesome.
5	This place is amazing! first you are always very nicely greeted by the owners, they use only fresh ingredients, they cut the fruit fresh right there in front of you!! Crepes are made to order also from their own made recipes, and OMG!! their whipped cream, is also home made by them they make a batch almost every day and is to die for. It's a great place to go and unwind or get your food to go. Their frozen bites are really good too, I love that they have a rewards punch card and they always remind us when we go. Overall is just an awesome place with great people and amazing Crepes, Tasty Crepes that is!!!
5	Great as always! They remember what we get, i love this place , the owners are  always there with a smile and ready to  satisfy your sweet tooth wither is a crepe we choose or their delicious sticky rice with mango or just a fruit salad it's the freshest you can get. Just a great lunch or the best way to end your day Tasty Crepes is bomb awesome.
5	This place is pretty cool cuz not only does it offer dessert, but it offers regular crepes too... sandwich crepes and pizza crepes.  The portions are big and it's about $7-$9 a crepe.  I got the dessert crepe with strawberries & mango ( you can pick 3 fruits) vanilla ice cream (thrifty brand), whipped cream and chocolate sauce.  It was AMAZING!  My friends got a sandwich (turkey, spinach, avacado and cheese) and a pizza (pepperoni, mushrooms & cheese)  and they said it was awesome.  The owners were very helpful and explained how things work and all the goodies that they sell.  We will all be back for more.  :)They also have chocolate dipped bananas, mango and pineapple chunks.  I will try that the next time I'm there.  They also have a stamp card.. buy 10 get the next one free!  I love that! ha. You guys should definitely try this place out.  ONE crepe can easily feed two people!  But i was a fatty and ate all of my crepe by myself! LOL.
5	Taro smoothies and avocado smoothies! YUMM!! They don't add fillers, I made sure to ask. Their thai iced coffee is good too.
5	Of course I found this little slice of Heaven on Yelp! Went in about 25 mins to closing so it was quiet and a great time to meet the owners and talk. They take pride in their place and sell quality food. I got a custom crepe and all I can say is WOW, I'm in love! Fresh fruit, chocolate sauce & Nutella all wrapped in a fresh crepe! There fruit looks so good and the crepe dough has a unique and wonderful taste. I can't wait to try everything they offer. I'm a fan!!!
4	The creeps are delicious!  They use Thrifty ice cream which is always tasty. I love how they take your order, you check the boxes of all the things you want on your crepe on a sheet of paper. The only reason I didn't give it give stars was because it's a little expensive, but they do have a punch card which is always a nice bonus for loyal customers. We will certainly be back for more.
5	Great food and customer service!  All ingredients are fresh!  Great place for kids!  We had a banana split, daughter had frozen banana bites and my son had a mixed berry crepe.  All of our food was great, if it's busy I could the service being slow because everything is made to order.
5	For me its either a hit or miss when it comes to finding a place that has yummy crepes but this place is a hit ! Staff is friendly Crepes are delicious!!
5	Glad we found a quality crepe/dessert place that close by!We met the owner and he and his wife are sweet as can be! They have a variety of items to choose from. You can have chocolate covered cheesecake, bananas, (anything it seems like!) smoothies (although I need to find out if they do green smoothies :) and of course crepes. Sweet or savory are your choices and it's a "build your own" system. We've been here a couple times and we've only had sweet crepes. Both times- banana, vanilla ice cream with whipped cream and caramel sauce. Yum-O.
4	I really don't know how long I've had this place bookmarked, but I'm sure glad I finally got a chance to come down! This family owned and operated dessert haven can be found in the back of a Walgreens shopping center on the corner of Tropicana & Fort Apache. It's a pretty small location, with most of it's space being taken up by the large open kitchen area. Even so, there's still a good amount of seating, even some comfy couches and the place is extremely clean.So, why do I call it a dessert haven? Take a look at their menu and you'll quickly understand. You wouldn't know it from their name, but they offer a whole lot more than just crepes...which I might as well add that they come in both savory and sweet varieties, and can be customized to your liking via little sheets on the counter. But also on the menu are a whole line of Thrifty ice creams which can be added to the crepes, had by the scoop or used in all sorts of sundaes, splits, cones, etc. If that wasn't enough, they have a whole line of chocolate covered frozen fruits and cheesecakes. Still not catching your attention? Well, there's also several boba drinks, smoothies and even a boba ice cream sundae!After spending about 10 minutes drooling over the menu, I ended up ordering a sweet crepe with Nutella, peanut butter, banana, strawberry, chocolate ice cream and whipped cream. While I do love the custom sheet order system, they ended up forgetting the blueberries I also marked down...not a huge deal, but it always sucks to have stuff missing. With that being said, the crepe itself was thin, light, fluffy and one of the better one's I've had. The fruit I did have was fresh and if you take a look at the photo I posted, they aren't skimpy with the toppings at all. There was plenty of everything, including the Nutella and even though Thrifty isn't my favorite ice cream, the chocolate was good and not freezer burnt like I've seen other Thrifty shops serve. It was just absolutely delicious and about the only thing I wish they'd do is add an option to have nuts like almonds, walnuts or whatever as a topping for the crepes. I also got a taste of my sons boba ice cream and the boba was cooked near perfect, so I wouldn't hesitate to order a boba drink here either.Pricing is pretty spot-on and close to other similar joints. The portions here are huge though and we only spent about $18, which ended up being just too much food. Being that they are a bit far from where I live, it won't be often that I go out of my way...but with so many tasty dessert options and friendly staff, I'd say this is a must try!
5	My best friend and I would always drive down to the strip to have crepes but after trying this place never again will we go down there and get in stuck in traffic. This place was soooo delicious! So fresh! The owner/workers were bubbly people. Extremely friendly and nice with smiles on their face! Made us the tastiest crepe ever! Deff recommend this place!
5	I love coming to tasty crepes whenever I feel like I need a quick crepe fix. They staff is friendly, always greets you with a smile and remembers your face every time you walk through the door. I usually get a Nutella strawberry kiwi crepe with vanilla ice cream and i can never finish the whole crepe myself! One thing I really love about this place is that they use fresh fruit rather than frozen or canned items. The only thing that bothers me a bit is that the actual crepe is more on the crunchy side rather than the soft side..(maybe people like the crunchy?) I just prefer the soft crepes. Other than that, I love this place and def will be coming back!
5	Its a plus thats its close to where I live, but the fruit crepes are delicious!! Worth trying. Im hooked with the strawberry banana with nutella and powdered sugar.
5	This place is absolutely amazing is every way. I've been here 3 times so far and every time I went, it wasn't busy at all. The service of this place is flawless, everyone I met was really sweet and really nice. They obviously care a lot about their customers. I've only tried their crepes so far and it is amazing for their prices. It's around 8 dollars for their crepes with ice cream and the portions are huge. I wasn't able to finished one. This place quickly grown to be one of my favorite places. Everything about this place is flawless. I highly recommend.
5	Well I live right down the street from this place, and I finally decided to try it out. Definitely not upset with my decision. I got a strawberry, mango, Nutella, added a scoop of the chocolate ice cream,  and of course chocolate sauce and white powdered sugar. It was heaven!!! They Definitely don't  screw you on the insides. They pack it up! It had so much flavor. They were very nice and friendly too. I will definitely be going back, I want to try their deli crapes!
5	I've only tried the sweet crepes so far but every time I go it's very good. Seems to be a man and a woman that work there im assuming a couple he's usually with customers and other stuff while she makes the crepes. Seem to be nice people ... consistent too.
5	My mother and I were looking for a new crepe place to eat at.... We've finally found the new best place to eat crepes. The fruits are so fresh and sweet. They're not stingy with their items; they pile the fruits, ice cream, and sauce. The crepes were delicious; crisp edges with sweetness from the fruits. I would highly recommend this place.
5	Very fast friendly service. My daughter really liked her banana Nutella crepes- which was sweet, light and fluffy-- well, that's her description anyway since she didn't want to share with me :(I opted for the mango with sticky rice ---  Mangoes were sweet and fresh, and the sticky rice topped with coconut milk and sesame seeds was really good.  I'm so glad I tried it before mango season is over. The place is worth going back to; next time I'll try the savory crepes :)
5	I love this place! They are very friendly and the crepes are delicious. I got a fruit and my bf a ham (hot). There bobas are delicious too!
4	After a day spent shopping with the kids, I decided to take them out for a treat. Ohhh who am I kidding it was mostly because I've been wanting to try this place out hahaha. The place was minimal but very clean, service was very prompt and friendly. So I got the sticky rice with mangoes for me (it was delicious! I wish I had asked for more coconut sauce on the side though) A strawberry and banana with nutella crepe for my daughter and a root beer float for my son (this one I'm kinda iffy about, it's $5.00 for a regular sized float with nothing but just that)Last night we went back for some more sticky rice and mangoes but sadly we were informed that mango season is over and that they wont be offering that anymore. BOOOO! Oh well until next year then, but we will certainly be back to try their other goodies.
5	I was on the search for some cheesecake, and this place popped up on my yelp search. My mistake for not browsing through the menu more carefully that they don't actually have cheesecake, but I got distracted by the crepes! I gotta say, I think this place is wayyy better than any crepes offered on the strip. I got a fruit crepe with ice cream but everything on their menu looked so good. Definitely wanna try out their pizza crepes! They also have chocolate covered cheesecake, fruit bites, and cake bites, and boba tea!
4	After a dinner of Mexican fare across the street, the b/f and I wanted dessert.  Our handy Yelp app directed us to this bookmark that I had forgotten about.  A cute, clean place, Tasty Crepes offers sweet and savory crepes, as well as Thrifty Ice Cream, sundaes, boba, and, score, frozen bananas - I love frozen bananas!  Not only do they have frozen bananas, but they have chocolate-covered frozen mangoes, pineapples, and cheesecake, too.  I have never encountered a place that sells frozen banana bites.  Tasty Crepes lets you have six for $3.50 and you can select from plain chocolate, chocolate with nuts, sprinkles, M&Ms, or coconut.  See my pic for my assortment.  It was just the right amount to satisfy my dessert jones for the evening.  We'll have to come back and actually try one of the crepes next time, but I have a feeling the frozen bananas will be calling my name, too.
5	Best crepes around, their flavor is sweet and the variety of fruits make the crepes taste delicious. I will be recommending their service and coming back to this place.
3	Great spot. Clean, polite, affordable: First time visiting. Awesome strawberry-banana-Nutella crepe!  I will be back
5	I love dessert crepes and this place is really good :) We've been meaning to come in here.  Very impressed at how clean this place and the staff are friendly.
5	This place rocks!I've been here a few times since last summer, and every time is great. The quality is great, the service is great, and the crepes are great.What more could you ask for?
5	Fresh ingredients, nice service!  They have a few types if crepes you can get like pizza or deli.  Every veggie or fruit is cut up right there, not orepped, and you can see everything being made.  They also have thrifty ice cream and everything you order is custom! The owners work there and make the food and it's obvious that they care about their product.  Great for lunch!!
5	This place Is great! I had weight loss surgery 3yrs ago and pizza is not my friend. Try their possess crepe it's amazing!
5	They have sweet and savory awesome crepes.  Top notch service. Need to try their shakes and boba drinks.
3	This is just a review of their savory foods. The menu offers three types, the savory, the deli, and the pizza crepe. Qualitatively, there is not too much difference because many of the ingredients overlap, replace the pepperoni in the pizza crepe with deli meat and you've got a deli crepe. They are generous with the amount of ingredients in the crepe and you can specify as many types as you wish. Think subway. We had a savory crepe and also tried a waffle sandwich. Both were very filling but soggy and underwhelming. Space is cute and staff is friendly. I will give their sweet crepes a try at some point and try to understand why they have a 5 star yelp rating.
5	This place is just delicious!! After coming in a few times, the service and quality of food is exquisite!! Amazing place for a date or just hanging out with friends. The owners are really nice and knows their crepes!!
5	This place is the best, crepes are delicious, fresh owners very friendly. Place very clean.     mayra
4	Came here because of all the great reviews that it got from the fellow yelpers. My boyfriend and I were craving crepes for awhile and didn't want to spend 18 bucks on a fancy crepe place so we came here. I was very surprised how delicious they were! I got the savory crepe with turkey and everything in it and my boyfriend got the deli crepe. The savory crepe is huge and can be shared. The deli crepe wasn't as good, and didn't think that it would be cold. I'm not sure if I would get that again. I will come back and try the waffle sandwich and if my tummy has room, a dessert one as well as. Love the interior and the staff is friendly. Btw, they have a stamp card too, so make sure you ask for one!! :)
4	Awesome, family owned and operated restaurant!  The owners are friendly and appreciative,  making sure our experience was enjoyable.   We tried two crepes - and fruity dessert crepe amd a lunch crepe with ham, turkey, and cheese.   The dessert crepe had freshly cut fruit and what seemed like homemade whipped cream on top.  At $8  I was hoping for more fruit, but it was tasty.  The lunch crepe was delicious and full of flavor.  It was $3 extra for two kinds of meat inside.  I recommend this place, just wish the crepes were more hearty!
5	Delicious crepes! You can even make your own at a reasonable price. I would def come back here for their dessert menu.
2	I did not enjoy my meal, wish I did :-(  I decided to try it based on reviews and proximity to home. Flavor of the food was bland, place was nothing special. Owners did seem nice, but I paid $9 for a sandwich (on a crepe) with a drink and don't plan to go back. Sorry.
