4	Oh Yea!  A new BBQ opened by Kevin Sousa.  A Barbecue and Fired Chicken restaurant.  Nice place with wood planks on the walls and 4 large wooden communal tables.   Cool lighting.  Your meal is served on aluminum trays.   The menu has BBQ Chicken, Pork Shoulder, Brisket, St. Louis Ribs.  Sides of Corn Bread, Greens, Mac & Cheese, and Cole Slaw.    Drinks include Rock and Rye - drinks made with Old Overholt Rye,  XXX are other bourbons, Draft beer - 4 from East End, and Pop - including Cheerwine (a southern delicacy) Sprecher's Root Beer, Mexican Coke and others.The Pork Shoulder was very tasty and it came with 2 small rolls.  Two sauces - a vinegar based hotter sauce with some hot peppers in the bottom of the bottle - very good and a sweeter sauce that was tomato based.  The sweet sauce was OK but I thought a little to sweet, but then again, I'm not a sweet sauce type.   The Mac & Cheese was good and it comes in a little bowl that is put in the oven/broiler so the top gets a little crusty.  Someone with us had the greens which have some bacon included and said they love the flavor. Type of place you should come with a group and try different meals so you really get the communal flavor.   The table behind us was doing that.  They knew someone in the kitchen that brought out a few samples of other food items to try.  Yum!So all of you BBQ fans out there, here is a new opportunity.  Come get some.Currently open for dinner, lunch coming soon, I was told.  A couple of people were getting take out.  So stop by.  Have a Rye.  Get take out.PS:  It is a little dark inside at night.  The communal tables are unique because the set up like a typical BBQ place with picnic type tables, but the benches are set for  two/three  on a side,  3 if you are small per side, so you can have a 4 top and then there is space between the benches, so it is similar to many restaurants  with tables lined up along on side next to each other  with a little space between the benches but the table is connected, so you are not sitting directly next to someone you do not know.  So not really eating with everyone else, they are just next to you.
5	Service was excellent, the food came out quickly. The food was outrageously delicious, especially the ribs and greens. The Mac and cheese was simple, but delicious. Chicken was juicy and smoky, really quite a treat. We both thought the cornbread could be improved. It was slightly sweet, but I prefer Southern style, with no sugar. Warnings: everything is a la carte but portions are big enough to share.    Beer and spirits are offered, as well as specialty drinks like ginger beer. The lighting seemed quite dark to me, not sure if that is appropriate for a BBQ joint.  Seating is communal, and the place can get noisy, so we recommend seating side by side.
4	BBQ and Pittsburgh are usually contradictory words. The brisket here changes that. However, in true Pittsburgh style the BBQ sauce was too much like ketchup, make that cumin flavored ketchup. The "Carolina Style," (North Carolina), vinegar however, was great. So, where's the South Carolina mustard sauce?Having grown-up on BBQ, I thought the price point was a little steep to make you pay extra for the rolls. I didn't mind paying for the sides of mac 'n cheese, and the greens - which are cooked with a lot bacon and vinegar, just the way they should be - but a la carte rolls are something I can't agree to indulge in. Come on, I need something to sop with!Also, if you are one to imbibe, and I'm guessing you are, a good rye whiskey from their selection makes a fine compliment to the meat and vinegar.  A great meal and I look forward to going back.
3	Test the sauce on the table before you order anything banking on it, because unless they fix it, it is awful. Ok . I don't like St louis style ribs....but these were the best I've had even though the smokey flavor was a tad strong and the ribs a hair dry. I still really liked them. But the BBQ sauce will ruin anything it is on. I hope they fix it. It is a BBQ joint after all.What else we had I didn't eat so I would only go for the ribs, and I know a place I like better...
2	My wife and I went to Union Pig and Chicken recently for dinner.  After being thrilled by Salt of the Earth and Station Street Hot Dogs (both owned by the owners of UP&C) we were expecting another similar experience.When walking into UP&C, I was immediately struck by its size.  There are two long benches in UP&C and each seat about 24 people.  Things brings about an interesting dining experience, you are literally sandwiched between other parties.  Unfortunately this causes the tables to be quite loud and limits your ability to hear the person across from you.On to the menu/food... The menu itself is rather small.  There are roughly 6 or so entree's to choose from.  Most of the entrees are your standard BBQ fare (brisket, bbq chicken, fried chicken, ribs...).  The entrees run somewhere between $12-18.  The problem that you run into is that everything is a la carte.  None of the single serving sides are included with the entrees.  The next problem is that these single serving sides are on the expensive side ($5 for a mac and cheese side, $3 for cornbread, etc).  This leads to a rather expensive dining experience, which in itself isn't really a problem if the food lives up to the price...However, in my experience the food did not live up to the hype.  I tried both the ribs and the brisket and found them both to be a little on the dry side, and surprisingly to be tougher than I expected them to be.  To make up for this, I tried to add a little of the bbq sauce that they provide on the tables.  Rookie mistake.  The sauce really didn't add anything to the meats and instead was at the same time too vinegary and too watery.  On the bright side, they clearly know what they are doing when smoking the meats.  The brisket had a nice char layer and was smoked wonderfully.  Hours later, my hands still smelled like smoke.The sides we ordered we both acceptable, but really failed to make me feel like I was getting a good value.  The cornbread was a little denser than I like and seemed to be vaguely sweet, but otherwise rather bland.  The mac and cheese was pretty OK, but nothing that you couldn't get at a number of restaurants around the area.The one area that UP&C shined was service.  Our server was funny, attentive and very knowledgeable about the food.  Without a doubt the best part of our meal.Overall, I thought that UP&C was OK, but really made me think that I overpaid for what was a just a "pretty ok" meal.  There wasn't anything that was particularly off putting, but there also wasn't anything particularly delightful either.  It just kinda... was.
5	I couldn't have been more satisfied with my first visit to UP+C.  Simple and stunning, the warmth of the lighting and wood paneled walls were improbably topped upon entry by the friendly hostess + waitstaff.  So impressed with the competence + patience of everyone I encountered.  As both the restaurant itself + the concept of barbeque held to high standards are new to Pittsburgh, there were a lot of questions to be asked.  The knowledgeable servers were more than happy to oblige my curiosities about the menu and the space, and offered specific and helpful advice as i made my cocktail and dining choices.  Certainly, UP+C is not the first PGH establishment to brave the a la carte menu but i appreciated the unique straightforwardness.  Not only did it suggest a dedication to the dishes and flavors being offered, but it definitely encouraged my interaction with the people around me + took the edge of unfamiliarity off of the communal dining experience. Look beside you, see what's being passed around + fought over, maybe even dare to ask your neighbors for a recommendation?  The environment, coupled with such a well-rounded selection of bourbons to choose from + the ever-reliable East End line up on draft, provides much to enjoy and imbibe during the rather speedy wait for food.  On that note, the meal.  I was dining with a friend and after much consultation decided to split two meats and a number of sides.  I recommend this strategy as servings were QUITE generous.  The BBQ chicken and pork shoulder complimented one another supremely well.  I ordered the pork and was delighted to find it as juicy, tender + melt in your mouth delicious as I had hoped.  The chicken was somewhat different than i might have expected, but quite pleasantly so.  The meat is magically tender for being marinaded and smoked in a dry rub (thankfully devoid of the goopy BBQ sauce that so often steals the spotlight from the flavor of the meat)  The chicken was flavorful and juicy and spoke for itself.  Although, contrary to other reviews, i was pleased with the enhancement of the tangy sweet table top BBQ sauce.  Again though, the flavor of the meat speaks for itself.  My companion and I both raved over the collard greens, stewed until buttery + tender + tossed with bacon.  I was gratefully excited for the slaw, which reminded me of the delicious pickled red onions I won't serve my homemade brisket without.  Creamy mac + cheese was the perfect compliment to BBQ chicken but it was the cornbread that REALLY set the meal off.  Smokey, sweet, moist + dense...mmm.  I can't describe it as anything but ridiculous.  I've paid some serious dues on the quest to find a truly great cornbread and this folks, is the big ticket.  I was more than impressed with the overall experience of UP+C, and cannot wait to get back for the High West Double Rye, the ribs, the brisket, the baked beans and duh, more cornbread.
4	There are two main points to consider when deciding whether to go to Union Pig and Chicken (that probably explain the love it/hate it reviews on Yelp). If you can get over point #2, then you'll enjoy your meal here. If you cannot, then you'll probably not enjoy your meal and should just get a WSM or Big Green Egg and make your own BBQ at home.  1. UPG is the best barbecue in Pittsburgh. I would argue that outside of Lockhart, TX and Memphis, TN, it serves some of the best brisket and pork shoulder I have tasted. And I am crazy enough about BBQ to drive 4 hours out of my way when in Texas to hit City Market and Kreuz's. 2. While the price range is within reason by comparison to other Pittsburgh restaurants of comparable quality, for BBQ, it is outrageously expensive. Expect to pay about $25-45 per person, depending on the number of drinks and sides you order. The aspect I find to be problematic with this pricing structure is that it means  most people who live in East Liberty cannot afford to eat here. To be fair, that is also true for Spoon and Whole Foods. The atmosphere is very causal.  Everyone sits at one of two long wood picnic-esque tables (like the downstairs at Salt), side by side. The lighting is dark, but it's cozy. It looked like a zoo on Friday night, so we ended up going at 9pm last Wednesday evening and didn't have to wait for a table. We tried the brisket, pork shoulder, st. louis style ribs, corn bread, greens, mac and cheese, and beans. All of the sides were heavy, but delicious. The mac and cheese is definitely in contention for best mac and cheese along side Point Bruge and Casbah. The brisket had a perfect pink ring in the middle and was exquisite. The pork shoulder was very tender, as it should be, and the juice it came in was fantastic. The ribs had the right pink ring, but they were a little on the dry side.  The bourbon selection is good, and the cocktails are great. I had some onion-bourbon cocktail that basically tastes like BBQ, which was excellent (if meat-flavored cocktails are your thing). The tangerine cocktail was great as well.
3	After reading so many reviews on the positive and negative about the place I just didn't know what to expect.  My opinion after chowing down there is that there's a lot to love about the place and a lot to be... What's the right word?  Annoyed at...Maybe we'll discuss the positive first, the food!  Let me first explain that I hardly EVER order chicken at a restaurant.  Usually it's never cooked right.  Sure I order wings here and there, but never as a main dish.  It's usually too dry.  I hardly even eat chicken at home, I can't cook it right either!  So going to a BBQ place while dieting creates a lot of challenges.  One is that the BBQ chicken (non-fried) was the best option.  So I was nervous, real nervous.  But let me tell you... It. Was. Awesome!  So tender and juicy and flavorful.  Best chicken I've ordered in a restaurant EVER!  I was in cluck cluck heaven!  We went hog wild (funny, right?) and ordered every single one.  When in Rome, right?  So let's go down the list.  Cornbread: Okay, but a little too grainy for my taste (and $3 for one slice!!)Potato Salad: Okay.  I like Potato Salad with crisp not mushy potatoes, and they were but the taste just wasn't there for me.Mac n' cheese: Good.  It was incredibly creamy and tasty, but not the best I've ever had (Kelly's, Six Penn Kitchen, etc.).Coleslaw: Okay. Vinegar based, which I usually dig, but again, just wasn't the best I've ever hadBaked Beans: Delicious!  I loved the taste!  Bacon, perhaps a little sweet Maple Syrup or Cinnamon?  Whatever, it tasted awesome!Greens: The winner!  It was vinegar based as well and bursting with flavor.  Toss in some more bacon and bam, best of the night!The food presentation is pretty cool too.  They just bring out everything on a big metal try and every side comes in a different looking pan it's probably cooked in.  I loved the BBQ too because again, the magic ingrediant, it had a ton of vinegar flavor!  Good thing they had extra sauce on the table because I doused my chicken in it.  The bad.  It's WAY overpriced.  The food is simple but good.  The meats are $12-$22 for half and full racks and the sides are $1-5 on their own.  Why the high price?  Do you want to be upscale BBQ?  Does that even make sense?  Upscale I imagine has a totally different environment to go with it.  The sad thing is, it's pretty good so I bet they won't lower prices.  The decor is minimal and simplistic.  Red gingham walls and long picnic table seating.  I wouldn't mind the picnic tables if they were a little skinnier.  It's true what everyone's saying, it's hard to hear the person across from you.  Also, if it's busy and there's a wait, people at the front are standing there with no tables to put drinks on while they wait and pretty much starring down the people sitting at the tables right in front of them.  It's just awkward and I feel like they need some high tops up front or some bench seating.    If they lowered prices, I'd probably throw on another star and be back more often.  Because of that very reason, I probably won't visit often, even though I did enjoy it.  Time will tell....
2	The price range is reasonable; Damon's charged about the same for a rack of ribs, and they're a sports bar.  If you're complaining on the price, you're looking for a ribs joint in the ghetto, which this certainly isn't.  The price is high (sides are separate), but not ludicrous.   The appetizers were spot-on; beans, cornbread, mac & cheese, coleslaw; these are all perfect.But the ribs and fried chicken we had were bad.  The most expensive things on our bill weren't good; the main courses weren't any good.  It took about twenty minutes for our food to come out, which is a bad sign at a BBQ joint; usually, the food is cooked for hours, but they should be able to serve it up quick at that point.My girlfriend had half a fried chicken, and we debated sending it back when it hit the table.  It had been in the fryer waaaay too long, and the outside of everything was burned.  It looked burned and blackened. It tasted burned.  Ugh.In my case, I had a rack of ribs.  It was undersmoked; they weren't slow-cooked all the way through.  To make up for that, it looked like they'd grilled the hell out of it for those twenty minutes, and burned all of the outside of the ribs.  Edible, but not delicious.The wait staff we worked with seemed very new at this.  They were perfectly fine waitstaff for a ribs place, but to make it upscale - and sell $10+ drinks! - the wait staff needs a bit more practice and polish.Having a coat rack or coat hook or some place to put a coat in winter was also a strangely missing touch.On the plus side, all of that is fixable, and I'll head back in six months to a year, but man, there are some bugs to work out here.
3	Solid 3 stars, I knocked one down for the price.  But hey I get it, upscale BBQ as my friend called it, and that's exactly what it is.  I ordered the 1/2 BBQ chicken and my friends and I shared a sampling of all the sides.  I expected the BBQ chicken to be slathered in...well BBQ sauce.  But it wasn't, it didn't have any sauce on it and I was a bit concerned, but after taking one bite, I was sold on this no BBQ sauce, BBQ chicken.The chicken was really moist and had a smoky flavor.  There was BBQ sauce on the table which I used and I enjoyed.  The BBQ sauce was tangy - just how I like it.  The portions for the 1/2 chicken were huge in my opinion.  I took part of it home.As for the sides, my top three were the baked beans, greens, and mac & cheese (in that order).  I wasn't so fond of the cole slaw - too vinegary in my opinion.  The potato salad was good but I wasn't a fan of the cornbread.  I've had better, the cornbread was a bit too dry for my taste.For a drink I wanted to order the Tangerine, Thyme, Sage Honey under "Rock & Rye" but they didn't have that particular combo available and had some blueberry version of it.  Whoa - talk about powerful!  After the ice melted and diluted what tasted like straight whiskey it was drinkable and not too bad.  Looking back on it, I should've just ordered a beer.  As for decor - very simple.  Picnic like tables with benches (the benches are divided so it's not one long bench making it less awkward with the strangers sitting next to you in the community style seating).
4	Just got back from Union Pig and Chicken - one day too early for their lunch menu, but let me tell you, the brisket was fantastic - and I lived in AustinWe also sampled fried chicken. it was amazing, delicious, moist. It should be a case study for fried chicken preparationFInally the red cabbage slaw, a vinegar based slaw, complemented everything nicely.When they get a lunch menu I'll be sure to be back at lunchtime, otherwise, looking forward to returning for dinner with the whole clan.
4	We ate at Union Pig & Chicken on a Tuesday night, fairly late (for Pittsburgh ~ 9:30pm). The place was not packed but there were plenty of people there enjoying the delicious offerings from Kevin Sousa and team. This is a 4 star from me at the moment but I wouldn't be surprised if I edit this to a 5 star in the not-too-distant future. I'm sure they are still experimenting, tweaking, and improving.I'm a big BBQ fan. When I moved to Pittsburgh and realized that BBQ was pretty hard to fine here I was disappointed. Though I'm not from a historically well known BBQ city, my years in NYC meant that I had easy access to fine places like Dinosaur, Hill Country, Wildwood, Blue Smoke, etc. I figured Union would be a Pittsburgh take on "fancy" BBQ restaurants in NYC. This is certainly more on the upscale side (not in a bad way), but the food is legitimately good and authentic. So, the food. We had a half rack of ribs, half a fried chicken, mac and cheese, and greens. The ribs were just right but I'd probably get brisket next time. The fried chicken was incredibly moist and delicious. I'm not a fried chicken fan most of the time, but this was excellent. The sides were good. Mac and cheese was tasty. The greens were nice too but they could kick up the pork in them a bit more. All in all, a very satisfying and tasty meal.There are two things missing from the menu in my opinion. First, the sides menu seemed a bit limited. Maybe more are in the works, but I can see myself getting bored with some of these. Second, sausage. Again, maybe Kevin is conjuring up some kind of BBQ sausage tribute to Pittsburgh (BBQ kielbasa?). Will be interesting to see how the menu evolves, the tweaks they make, and any specials they add from time to time.The service was great. The servers all seemed to be infinitely cool/hipster types (I'm not saying that's a bad thing). Importantly, they knew what they were talking about. They were also great with anticipating the need for more napkins (which means they must be watching people devour chicken in uncivilized, messy ways...). Nice touch. I did like how they approached things with an understanding that folks in Pittsburgh are not necessarily all that savvy on the BBQ front. They clearly want to inform and help you put together a delicious meal. The space is a bit smaller than I thought. Definitely can see this getting packed on busy Fri/Sat nights once the weather gets a bit nicer. If only there was an outdoor section (the parking lot behind?). It would be a perfect place to hang out on a warm Saturday afternoon for some beers and BBQ.All in all, Union Pig & Chicken is a great addition to the Pittsburgh food scene. This is legit, delicious BBQ prepared and server by a clearly passionate team. I hope things go well.
4	We arrived at 5:15 - shortly after it opened, and the tables were almost full, although we were lucky to get seated right away. I'm not sure why this trend of 'no reservations' is taking off in Pittsburgh, but I hate it - how can you ever plan a night out with friends, if you don't know whether the wait will be 15 minutes or 2 hours?? But anyway, if you go to UP&C be ready for a wait. We watched as dozens of folks who arrived after 5:30 sit  in the window sills and stared longingly at our food. We literally ordered one of EVERYTHING on the menu. The ribs, slow cooked pork and briskets were the favorite of the night. Though the chicken was done perfectly (both BBQ and fried) nice and juicy and not overcooked in the slightest. The vinegary greens cooked with bacon and creamy and rich mac and cheese were the favorite side dishes, though I can make mac and cheese at home just as well. The baked beans were good, but they were nothing out of the ordinary. As people have mentioned the corn bread was bland and SOAKED in butter. It was sort of unnecessary to add that much butter to an already heavy meal.The whiskey and cocktail selection was impressive, and they have Mexican Coke which is a fun novelty. Service was good, our waiter was attentive. No complaints there.One note: This is not a place for a baby or toddler. No high chairs or booster seats were apparent, and the communal seating would be difficult to accomodate them. And, if you don't go super early, you may be stuck waiting a long time. This is also not a place for large groups, since they don't take reservations, it may take a long time for a continuous set of seats to become available. Go with 4 people max to cut down on wait times.
3	Had lunch at UP and C yesterday.  Although the brisket sammich was very good (rather expensive), the sauces left my palate empty.  On their own, they were bland.  Mixed togehter (which I did for the second half) the flavor finally came through.Brisket itself was quite good, very tasty and smoked to perfection.I wanted to take some ribs home, but I smoke my own so the price kept be from doing so today.Again, perousing the menu, couldn't help but notice the overall pricing.If you find yourself in the South Hills, try Rowdy BBQ on RT. 51.  Great food at reasonable prices.One of these days I will go back to UP and G for some ribs, which, for me, should be the standard bearer.  I will post again after I do.
4	Okay, Kevin Sousa, maybe we can be friends.  After my disappointing trip to Station Street Hot Dogs I wasn't sure how I would feel about your other ventures.  But I am happy to report that not only did I enjoy Union Pig & Chicken, I've already recommended it to others.I should admit that I've debated between 3 and 4 stars.  I landed on 4 stars because I had an overall enjoyable dining experience.  However I do need to say that the extra star is mostly for me because had I not read reviews and planned ahead, I probably would not have liked it as much.  Thanks to mixed reviews of fellow Yelpers, I knew to go with friends so we could order multiple items off the a la carte menu and share.  I knew that going closer to 9pm on a weekday would mean we probably wouldn't have to wait.  I knew that the cornbread might be a gamble (and that the cornbread and rolls were an extra charge).  I knew that we would be spending at least $25 a person.  I knew that it would likely be loud.  I knew that the picnic style seating could lead to social interaction with our dining neighbors.  And knowing all of these things, I went in prepared but with an open mind.I arrived with two other friends and we were seated immediately (though the place was still crowded).  We all ordered the sweet tea which was okay - I personally thought it could have been a tad sweeter.  Between the three of us, we ordered the half fried chicken, half barbecue chicken and pork shoulder off the meat menu.  We ordered the greens, cole slaw and mac n cheese off the sides menu.  Two of us also opted to add a roll for $1.  My only real complained was the extra charge for rolls/cornbread.  The rolls are nothing special, just your typical brown and serve rolls.  I probably wouldn't bother ordering them again.  No one in my party ordered the cornbread but the couple next to us did.  I asked the gentleman how his cornbread was and he knew right away I was asking because I had read the previous Yelp reviews.  He said it tasted like maybe it had been under the warmer too long but he would not hesitate to order it again.  His female companion had ordered the brisket and the portion seemed generous to me, even though other reviewers complained about only getting a couple pieces.  On the other side of us was another couple finishing their meal as we sat down.  It looked like they had both ordered the barbecue chicken and it did look a bit pink in the middle but I wasn't sure if it was because of the way the chicken was prepared (smoked) or if it was undercooked.  One of my friends seemed pretty sure it was because the chicken was undercooked and thought she heard them complain to their waitress.  I had read this same complaint in other reviews as well, so I was worried that our chicken would be the same.  Instead, we had nothing but scrumptious food served to us on metal trays.  The fried chicken seemed to be our favorite (I devoured the fried chicken leg before my friends were even served their food) but even the barbecue chicken was delicious and well cooked.  The pork shoulder was very tender and didn't really need any sauce.  The mac n cheese was very creamy with a nice crust on top.  The vinegar cole slaw was also delicious and a good compliment to the rest of our selections.  The greens were good, but could have used a bit more meat.  (I think there was some pork in there.)  We walked out paying $25 a person including tip.  Service was good; my glass was never empty and we had minimal wait time for our food.  I regret not trying the baked beans, but I'll save that for next time.  Yes, I will definitely return once I can organize another group of friends to join me for a late weekday dinner.  Side note: bathrooms are unmarked but very clean.  Wash your hands before you leave.I'm sad to have read that others did not have as enjoyable an experience at Union Pig & Chicken as I did.  To those I say thank you for taking one for the team.  Because of your negative experiences I learned how to make the most of mine.  Going in with certain expectations definitely enhanced my dining enjoyment.  I just hope that at some point one of my reviews will return the favor.
4	Sorry folks, but I don't understand why you would ding a pretty creative, pretty new, and pretty excellent restaurant a star because you think it's "expensive." Union Pig and Chicken charges the prices printed on their menu, there's nothing nefarious about it. I mean, how can you tell us that "you ordered one of everything" and then complain about the bill?It's one thing to say that Union Pig and Chicken is expensive relative to the quality of its product (it's not)--or even expensive relative to its execution--but it's quite another to say that Union Pig and Chicken is expensive (universally), as if there is some amount that "BBQ" (or "Hotdogs" or "Pizza" or "Burgers") ought to cost, independently of any other factors. Previous reviewers ought to better consider (or ask) what the overhead, including startup, pit boss, liquor, waitstaff, and product might be at Union Pig and Chicken? Who is laying out all this cash so that you can table-up and eat at this wonderful little restaurant in the first place? Don't you think they want their money back?Don't get me wrong, I like cheap eats as much as the next guy on a budget; it's one of the main reasons I pay attention to reviews on Yelp and elsewhere. But it's just as silly to ding a restaurant for being good but too cheap ("the food here is good ... you know, but they really ought to charge more," as it is to ding a restaurant for being too expensive (the food here is good ... you know, but they really ought to charge less"). Sillier still, one Yelper even suggested that Union Pig and Chicken ought to be cheaper not because it sucks, but because it's located in East Liberty, as if the "poor people" of East Liberty ought to be told how much they can afford to spend on good food; that's not only silly, it's classist.The fact of the matter is that an excellent BBQ spot has opened in East Liberty and it costs money to eat there. It's called Union Pig and Chicken and it's run by the same folks who brought you Salt of the Earth and the recently revamped Station Street Hotdogs. We tried it for the first time a couple nights ago, and we encourage you to try it, too.Here's what we liked most: the BBQ sauces on the table and the brisket; the taste, moisture, texture, and savage presentation of the brisket were phenomenal. We also liked the greens, the mac and cheese, the "store bought" rolls, the knife work on the potato salad (which betrays the quality of your prep cooks), and the Rittenhouse (if you didn't know about Rittenhouse, now you do). We also liked the tattoos on your waitresses, (ahem, we liked your waitresses ...) and we liked your GM (?), a pleasant gal who stopped to ask us if our meals were OK. The restaurant has been designed, not "put together" after a trip to Ikea, and we liked the floor and walls of the interior (red gingham on the left, wood smokehouse on the right). We also liked the communal tables with separate benches, and the width of the benches themselves (not as narrow as picnic benches, but roomy and more inviting). Lastly, we also liked the fact P&C has a waitstaff that acts like a waitstaff (as if you were paying them to wait on you, which you are). They also had a hostess and GM on the floor, and on a weeknight. The place ran something like a contemporary restaurant, rather than like a "shack" or a "pit," and it ran seemingly well for being so new. They even boxed up our left-overs like pros, in takeout boxes that I also assume cost money.Here's what we liked least: the presentation of the pork shoulder, which tasted amazing and is a must eat, but which was essentially cubes of pork in a very dull bowl. We also didn't like that our waiter forgot to tell us about a cocktail with blueberry and mint that was not on the menu before we ordered cocktails. You missed a sale. The one cocktail we did try, with Old Overholt, tangerine, and herbs, was tasty but for us woefully lacking in booze; until this is fixed, I suggest that customers drink your booze straight, or drink beer. Our waiter was excellent as a waiter, but he also felt "out of place" given the look of your other waitstaff, a "look" that we assume must be partially intentional. We also didn't like that the painted metal supports of the benches and tables reminded us more of a locker room than of a picnic table.Here's what P&C should consider implementing in the future: (1) a better way to deal with coats and purses (did we miss something?) since there are no chair backs; (2) a better way to deal with daily drink specials; (3) garnish (and booze) for their cocktails, which look (and so partially feel) underwhelming despite their herbaceousness; and (4) a small or large portion (and price) for proteins, or a smaller "meat-and-three" plate for solo eaters.Go to Union Pig and Chicken, and If you want to pay less, order less. One main and three sides could easily be enough for two people. If you want to "try more" just go back another time. I know we will.
4	between 3 and 4 stars. 4 stars for the place but only 3 for the food.The restaurant is quite elegant: minimal deco, big wooden walls, with a large window that covers a large part of one of the walls. Long tables with benches around. This is a nice place for dinner. The atmosphere is friendly: nice, younger crowd when I was there, and the staff was helpful. On the minus side, it was really cold! Keep cool with the AC! and as some have said, it is noisy. The food is not outstanding BBQ, but it's pretty good for Pittsburgh. Anyway, what other BBQ places in the city compete with UPC? (real question, folks!)The BBQ chicken was by far the best dish, with the mac & cheese (really creamy). The ribs were tasty, but a bit dry. I was underwhelmed by the brisket, and I have had much better pork shoulder, which in addition did not look particularly appetizing (although they were tasty). The sauces are really not impressive, and this should definitely be improved. What's a BBQ place with mediocre sauces? People have complained about the price. It's not cheap, true, but it's not outrageously expensive. $5 for a beer? That's reasonable. $11 for an entree? It's a bit pricey since it does not come with a side dish, but the portions are large.
4	The food was absolutely astounding.  There are not a lot of BBQ joints I can think of in the Pittsburgh area, so there is not much to compare it to, but the food is top notch, as is the service we received.I originally ordered the Fried Chicken, however after she went to put our order in our waitress came back and told us that unfortunately they were out of that right now, and she apologized profusely.Not a problem, I ordered the 3 meat special instead, it comes with ribs, pork shoulder, and brisket.  I also ordered a side of cornbread (apparently I was feeling as though I could eat the entire planet).I'll start with the ribs - sweet Jesus.  So good.  I have seen other reviews say that they are dry, but that was part of the charm to them, in my opinion.  Often, ribs are completely drowned in sauce, and you end up covered in the stuff.  At UPC they instead chose to go with a dry rub on the ribs and allow the customer to put the sauce on themselves.  Wonderful choice.  I honestly ate mine without any sauce and have no complaints, the dry rub is fantastic and I wish I had the recipe for it myself.The brisket was also delicious.  A bit fatty here and there, but cooked wonderfully.  Among the other food I had I would say the brisket was my least favorite.The pork shoulder was....astounding.  Served in a dish cut into cubes, it's not how I am accustomed to eating that particular dish, but every bite was a bit of heaven.  The meat fell apart in your mouth, allowing all of the flavors to just rush out and be savored.Now, as we were partway through our meal, the waitress brought out a tray to our table - full of fried chicken.  While we had been eating, the kitchen had cooked more up, and since we had not been able to try it earlier she brought us some out, free of charge.  She was absolutely wonderful.The chicken was the greatest food we ate that night, and that is saying something.It is as though was eating the flesh of angels, and it had been fried not in oil or anything, but instead in the tears of unicorns.  I cannot recommend the fried chicken enough.  It haunted my dreams the night after we ate it.  My only real complaint would be about the seating.  While everything looks great and has a nice visual appeal to it, the way they have the tables set up (long tables with benches to sit on) didn't work well exactly for a slightly larger party.  For four people it would be fine, but we had six and it was somewhat difficult to have an ongoing conversation with everyone.  The benches are a neat idea, but difficult to sit in for an extended period of time.Lastly, the drink choices are fantastic.  They work with other local companies and serve their products, which I thoroughly enjoyed.  It gave me a sense of city unity somewhat.  The Wigle Whiskey cocktails we tried were all delicious, a much different flavor than perhaps some are accustomed to.This is definitely somewhere you should check out, and try the chicken.  You won't regret it.
4	I'll start off by saying that this isn't really my style of food. I'm not a big meat eater generally, and coleslaw, mashed potatoes, etc. are not my favorite side dishes. Given my predisposition against such food, I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and taste. I sampled many of the dishes including chicken prepared in two different ways, brisket, pork, coleslaw, cornbread, potatoes, vegetables, and hot sauces. Everything was good!I personally won't be running back, but if you're into this style of food, I would recommend it.
5	Whenever I sit at a modern communal eating space, I like to pretend that I'm one of the characters in the Matrix movie.  I do this secretly in my mind.  No one else would understand my never ending battle to defend Zion from the horde of soulless machines.**previous sentence was mostly a lie.This place is definitely a bit odd.  It's what I would picture the Beverly Hillbillies would eventually build in terms of layout.  They'd hire some designer named Udo to distill what they love about bbqin', and stick it right next to the cement pond.They have done this amazingly well actually.  Kudos to Udo, as it were.My wife and I took some friends from out of town here after reading about it in an article.  It's the same awesome chef who introduced me to escolar tacos, and has opened Salt of the Earth.  That dude and I are on the EXACT same page when it comes to what I want to stuff in my face.And this place is no different.  Rather than the expansive, ever changing menu of Salt, this place has a sparse menu that focuses on pretty traditional BBQ offerings.  We had the pork shoulder, brisket, fried chicken, and collards, and then...we had fucking Meaty Mac.  I don't know why I never thought to just stick well cooked cuts of pig meat into macaroni and cheese, but I'll assume it's some defense shield that my brain made to make sure that my life's tale would be, "Evan?  What's to tell.  He ate too much Meaty Mac and his heart exploded."Everything comes on a little metal tray with a little gingham placemat. (Rolls Eyes)  It can get to be a little too much.  Kind of like when you're trying to find the bathroom at a Renaissance Festival, and the one dude you asks refuses to understand you until you say whatever some dumb 15th century Florentine would say if THEY had to go to the bathroom.  I peed on that guys doublet FYI.So, yeah.  I really, really loved the food, atmosphere, and it certainly didn't hurt to be there with awesome people.I really don't love sharing my eating space with strangers, but I must say that it does create a pleasant sense of community in this space.I have a feeling that this place is going to get really crazy packed in the summer, so I hope they have a plan to either expand or cycle people through with the utmost efficiency.  Salt of the Earth dude wins again.
4	I love the atmosphere at Union Pig & Chicken.  Long sturdy picnic tables in lieu of more intimate two- and four-tops.  The food comes on trays as though you just ordered from a backyard grill, cafeteria bbq or food truck on the side of the road.  It's a definite experience.  The prices are up there a bit, not the cheapest place to eat certainly, but the food it pretty good.  With two people we ordered the 2 Meet Combo which comes with, you guessed it!, two meats plus a side, plus cornbread.  The meats we got were ribs and brisket.  The brisket was delightful, fleshy and falling apart with enough seasoning to stand alone but not too much that it didn't benefit from the array of sauces on the table.  A real winner.  The ribs, however, weren't as impressive.  The meat fell off the bone in just the right way, but the outside was tough and hard to bite through and the inside didn't provide the proper texture to make up for that.  They went great with the bbq sauce, but I was expecting more.For our side we got the baked beans and another side of mac & cheese, both top notch.  Devoured them, they were superb.  As was the cornbread.  If you're going to make cornbread a staple of your restaurant, do it right.  Union does it right, moist and compact with excellent sweetness and just the right amount of crumbliness, it crumbles in your mouth, not in your hand or on the plate.Along with our excellent beer, the bill came to a bit much for a simple night out, and the atmosphere isn't quite right for a special date night, so you really have to be in the right mood to go to Union, but if you do, it's not a bad choice at all.
5	Some of the best BBQ I have had, especially in Pittsburgh. The place offers a very casual dining experience, with very simple decor, long picnic table seating, and food served on cafeteria trays. Don't be deceived by the simplicity of the place, because the food was amazing. The beef brisket sandwich is incredibly tender, and doesn't have an ounce of fat. Their mac n' cheese is incredibly cheesy, and rich, and is some of the best I have had, . To top it all off, the wait staff has been very friendly on ever visit. While the place is by no means cheap, the prices won't burn a whole through your wallet, and the food is definitely worth the cost. I have gone several times for lunch, often getting their lunch special, which includes a sandwich, side and drink all for $10.
4	Great atmosphere.  The BBQ is delicious.  I have tried all of the items on the menu and I was most impressed with the ribs as they weren't at all fatty, but very tender and not over-sauced.  The brisket is great, but when I was there I thought that the pork shoulder was excessively fatty.  Like I said, great vibe, upscale BBQ joint with some great local drinks available.  The servers were very friendly and helpful with suggestions as it was my first time at the restaurant.  Its not cheap, but in my opinion worth it.
4	See Rachel C's review which kind of hits the nail on the head.  I came with friends on a Friday night around 7.  Was told 30-45 minutes for a table, which turned out to be more like 15 minutes.  Meanwhile a waitress stopped by and took drink orders while we waited -- nice touch!One thing struck me upon entry:  Why are we in the middle of East Liberty and there are only two...umm....non-White people in the whole establishment?  I'm just sayin, the clientele doesn't at all match the neighborhood.  And this is my neighborhood.  I was skeptical.The potential answer?  The price.  All sides are a la carte at around $3-$5....and that includes a slice of cornbread.   You're gonna pay for your entree ($10-$22) plus a side or two ($5) plus a drink ($9 for a whiskey lemonade).  Not exactly a cheap meal for Pittsburgh.THAT SAID....I wanted to bad mouth this place.  But the food made up for it.  The ribs were PERFECT.  The fried chicken?  The best we've ever had in Pittsburgh.  The brisket was amazing.Bottom line:  We'll be back.  Hell, maybe tomorrow.  Except we left with enough leftovers that lunch is already taken care of.
4	Wow. There's lots of stuff to like about this place. The only drawback is that you'll probably leave here on a stretcher as the EMTs try to revive you from a heart attack.The ambiance here is not so different from Salt and Cure - it's got that whole rustic industrial thing going on. Again, you have the communal tables from Salt, which isn't a bad thing. However, the acoustics need some work; it can get really loud in here.But who cares, right? Because you came here for the food. First, this is not a cheap BBQ place, so you'd best get over that real quick. That being said, it's totally possible to walk out of here having spent about $20 pp and still have a ton of food leftover for the next night. So, considering that you're really getting two meals out of one, it's not quite as crazy expensive as you might be thinking. However, if you're going to booze it up, which I highly recommend, because their drinks are deelish, you're going to be paying a bit more.No normal human being can eat the three option meal. If you can, well, I hope that you also have an Urban Active or Shadyside X membership. But, it is definitely worth trying; everything here is absolutely delicious. Our group had pretty much every single option: the fried chicken (very good, but I will take Meat and Potatoes fried chicken and waffles over this one), ribs, brisket, pork shoulder. The brisket is by far the best, and is probably just pork belly. The mac and cheese is also a winner, as is the corn bread. We also had the tartare and the pork belly appetizers, and both were delicious (I'd take the tartare over the pork belly). But, it's all almost too much. When I walked out of here, I felt... pretty disgusting. So, I'd recommend that Union Pig and Chicken get something on the menu that is a palate cleanser of some sort. In Chinese cuisine, the tea cuts down on the grease somewhat; you guys are good at drinks, so I'm sure you can figure something out.
4	Loved the simplicity of it. No frills, just good people and good food. A nice throwback.
3	I wanted to love Union Pig & Chicken.  I think that I *could* love Union Pig & Chicken.  It's just not quite there yet.  I have been twice: once for dinner on a slow weeknight and once for lunch on a Saturday.  Both experience were good, just not great.The Great:Service - Both visits, our servers were fun and knowledgeable and the food arrived promptly and hot.  No complaints whatsoever here.The ribs - Oh dear, where do I begin?  These racks of shear beauty were tender, juicy, and just fell right of the bone.  No excessive sauce or grease, just pure, meaty heaven.  I especially enjoyed them with a little added vinegary Carolina BBQ sauceThe pork shoulder - A close second to the ribs.  The beautifully seasoned cubes of pig nearly melt in your mouth.The collard greens - Perfectly cooked vinegary, bacony goodness.The drinks - For this lover of savory cocktails, the smoked onion, black pepper, and local maple infused rye on the rocks either alone or with a splash of soda was perfectly executed libational genius.  They also mix up some mean cocktails with Wigle whiskey.The Meh:The fried chicken - Moist meat and good flavor, but the breading came out rather soggy on our first visit.  On the second, there was a bit more crisp going on, but it still was just average.The brisket - Tough and dry with little flavor.  My least favorite thing I tried.  The ambiance - Aesthetically, I love the place.  The picnic tablecloth wall, the rustic, exposed wood walls and beams, the picnic-like long tables.  Because it is so bare, though, it gets really loud.  I am generally not sensitive to noise in restaurants or bars at all, but Union Pig is pretty darn loud when packed.The cornbread - Decent flavor, but quite dense and dry.  The mac and cheese - It had a nice cheese crust on the side, but I found it a bit bland and mushy.  Conclusion:A good start, but there is absolutely room for improvement.  Given the varying reviews for the same dishes (e.g., the brisket being described as very moist by some and tough and dry by others and my experience with very different levels of crispyness with the chicken) makes me think that there is a consistency problem.  It's a new restaurant, though, so I'm hopeful they can work that out.  Overall, a fun place to go with some standouts.  I look forward to my next visit and hope to see it work out some of the kinks.
4	With all of the great reviews on Yelp and the never-ending self promotion on Twitter, Union Pig & Chicken has been hyped up more than the facebook IPO.  I recently had lunch at Union with a few coworkers and I'll admit, I had pretty high expectations.The first nice thing I noticed about Union is that it has a big metered parking lot in the back.  It's far easier to park here than it's sister restaurant Salt of the Earth.  Stepping out of my car, I was immediately blasted with a glorious aroma of smoked meat coming from the back of the restaurant.As other reviewers have noted, the decor is minimalistic.  Seating options include only two long tables and benches.  The benches are broken up with creates a feeling of separation from other diners. I really liked this arrangement because it creates a finite number of seats that exist at each table (and avoids potential overcrowding).Wanting to get the full Union experience, we had 2 orders of the 3-meat combo (ribs, pork shoulder, brisket), fried chicken, cornbread, mac & cheese, and collard greens.  I also tried one of their signature "Rock & Rye" cocktails.  It was delicious and smokey.Believe the other reviewers that the food here is absolutely phenomenal.  Clearly a great deal of care and time has gone into the food preparation.  The brisket is so tender, you can cut it with your fork.  The rib meat fell right off the bone and had a delicious spicy dry rub.  Everything else was solid.One of the members of our group was a BBQ enthusiast, the kind of guy who reads books on BBQ and has a ton of fancy equipment at home.  He proclaimed Union outstanding.  He pointed out to us that great BBQ cooked long and low temp develops a smoke ring of pink discoloration below the meat surface.  It's supposed to have a great deal of flavor.  Better BBQ has a deeper smoke ring.  He pointed out to us that in our delicious meat at Union, the smoke ring was running deep!My only small criticism of Union is that our waitress undersold us on the amount of food we would be receiving.  Although she told us that the $20 3-meat combo would only satisfy one person, I can assure you that with a couple sides, 2 people can split it and still have some left over to eat for lunch the next day.  Some reviews have criticized Union's price point, feeling it is too expensive for BBQ.  Although it's not cheap, like many things in life, at Union you get what you pay for.  This is not average BBQ.  This is extremely high-end, world-class BBQ. The great deal of time and effort put into the food preparation really shines through.  If you imagine it's like NaCl, but instead of a progressive theme it's a BBQ theme, the price point makes more sense.  I think it's fair and can't wait to go back for another round of delicious BBQ at Union Pig & Chicken.
5	In my experience, the worse a hole in the wall shack, the better the barbq.  I've never had quality barbq at a nice restaurant before.  Pig and Chicken is the first meal I've ever had (after 27 years of active searching) that bucked that trend like a wild hog!They give you knives with your meal, but they are purely for show, the slow cooked meat they serve is so tender it separates if you so much as look at it.  We ordered the 3 meat combo with Ribs, Brisket and Shoulder, with a very generous portion of each (enough for 2-3 people to share) for $20.   All the different dishes here are so good I highly recommend either getting a sampler, or going with a group of friends so you can try a bite of everything.We really labored, trying to decide which we liked best, but it changed with every bite.  I tend to douse meet in sauce, but this meat was so perfectly seasoned and cooked it didn't need anything!  That said, just for kicks I did try the sauces and they were all homemade and delicious.  Combine the barbq sauce with the habanero sauce for the perfect mix of sweet and spice!  The meat was fatty, but that's just a given with this type of food.  Since the meat was so tender you could just pull the fat off effortlessly.  The cole slaw was great (all vinegar based, no mayo so it wasn't heavy) and the corn bread was perfect for soaking up the leftover sauces and juices from the meat.  The decor, name and food are all simple, straight forward,  and enjoyable.  The inside looks like a clean, trendy manhattan cafe had a love child with a barn in alabama.  They have giant solid wood slab tables for group seating, and multi color distressed wood boards covering all the walls.  The service is extremely friendly and fast (less than 10 minutes from when we ordered until we were served).This place combines the best of both worlds.  The charm and service of a nice bistro with the great food, massive portions and low prices you'd find at a hole in the wall rib shack.  I doubted that any nice restaurant could do BBQ right, but Pig and Chicken has made me a believer!
5	There are plenty of reviews about Union Pig & Chicken so I wont bore you with more of the same. I will reiterate what some have said though that this is some of the best BBQ around.  I will also reiterate what a few have said that the pick 2 or pick 3's are definitely enough food for two people. We each got our own and nearly finished it all, but were SOOOO full afterwards that we wished  we had shared. We went on a Wednesday night and the place was not crowded, but it was full enough to have others dining on either side of us. Literally everything I tried was good, if not great. My only complaints: the cornbread was a lot drier than I prefer and the beer selection is lacking.
4	Wow. This one was a treat. Not the best Q I have had in my life (I have family living in Texas), but definitely the best I have had in Pittsburgh. A few weeks ago, my girlfriend and I were going to meet some friends out for dinner and couldn't decide on a place. Our friends suggested Union Pig and Chicken but my wonderful girlfriend, who has the culinary horizon of a picky seven year old, hates BBQ (I know, I know, it's a struggle every day guys). Well now she is gone for the summer on an internship, so our friends and myself tried again tonight. Union has three new fans.When you first walk into Union, the first thing you notice is the family-style seating. The dining room is a relatively small space consisting of four picnic tables with seating for eight at each. I don't mind the seating sitiuation; it lends to the comfortable feel that good Q is supposed to inspire. The walls were a mix of paint (red, pink, and white criss-cross pattern) and reclaimed railroad ties. I love the look of the restaurant. It has that "oooh look! reclaimed wood" effect but because they are largely unfinished railroad ties, they maintain that rough, dirty look and feel of a good Southern Q joint. The decor is kind of a double edged sword however. As cool as the restaurant looks, the hard walls and hard floors creat one hell of an echo, adding to the overall volume of the service.The at Union was what I would best describe as adequate. Our server was nice, attentive enough, and always kept our waters full. Other than that the service was rather unremarkable. She didn't wow me, but she didn't disappoint me either.The only fault I could find with her was that it seemed to take a while for us to get our bill, but to be fair, the restaurant looked a little understaffed and they were busy, so she gets a pass on that. Af far as the food goes, all I can say is "GOOD LAWD DAT"S SOME GOOD FOOD!" to paraphrase my Aunt Mary. We started off with lettuce wraps made of smoked pork belly with peas, cilantro, onions and rare, which I gathered was the highly spicy rust colored dust over the wraps. From bite one I knew I was in  for a good experience. The Pork belly was that succulent melt in your mouth fatty that good pork belly should be. The cilantro, peas, and lettuce worked well with the spicy elements to provide a sweet, herby, spicy, porky bite that I could have eaten all night. For the main course I got the Three Meat Combo, brisket, ribs, and pork shoulder. The three of us also split sides of mac and cheese, greens, coleslaw, corn bread, and potato salad. We couldn't stop ourselves. We fell on it like a pack of ravenous wolves on , well, a dead swine. The perfect porcine goodnesss at Union is unrivaled in Pittsburgh. The pork shoulder was tender and fatty and succulent and basted in a perfectly vinegary saude with hints of mustard in it. Kind of a Carolina Sauce with a little twist.  The ribs were fall apart tender. I pulled the bones out clean and even was able to bend one almost in half. They were rubbed with a wonderfully sweet, smokey and salty crust that mixed so well with the natural fat in the ribs. The final player was the brisket. Sadly, I was introduced to brisket in Texas. The brisket at Union is unrivaled in Pittsburgh, and reminiscent of Texas BBQ, but not quite the same thing.The sides were excellent themselves. The corn bread was a little dry, but it had wonderful flavor and was not so dry that a little butter could't remedy the situation. The greens were maybe my least favorite. The were tasty, vinegary, and had bacon, which makes everything better of course, but they just didn't stack up to the rest of the meal. The coleslaw was great. It was vinegar based, but still sweet with a hint of cherry to it. The potato salad was also fantastic, though a little thin for my tastes. The mac and cheese was my favorite side, it has been since I was a kid. It was cheesey and chreamy with a melty crust on top. So good. If you are like me and you like whiskey, you will not be disappointed with Union's bar menu. They offer a wide selection of whiskeys from around the US as well as a pair of spirits from a local distillery. For those of you who are not into straight rye or bourbon whiskey, Union makes infused whiskeys that are well ballanced between sweet, sour and boozey. For those of you who like no taste of alcohol, the one lady in my group got one of their mason jar concoctions. I tried a sip an I must say were I not such a macho, manly, man with a chisled jawline and a strict diet of red meat, beer and whiskey, I may have ordered one it was that good.The only things that kept me from giving a 5 were the wait for our check and the sauce. The sauce was a little tomatoey and not sweet enough for me.
4	I'm providing an extra star because I believe, I believe this can be really good.  And, I really like the decor.  So chill and energetic. Lighting is just perfect.However:1. No more drinks in jam jars.2. The BBQ must be very good.BUT, could we blame winter?  Will the hot dry summer bring us delicious BBQ?I'm hopeful.
4	I ate here last night with my girlfriend and two other dining companions.  I enjoyed the way that the restaurant looked upon entering as it had a communal table set up and a argyle type pattern painted on the wall which resembled a table cloth.  It gave off a feel like you were at a picnic.I started off the evening ordering a Union Manhattan.  When I took my first sip of it I was surprised at how strong the jalapeno flavor was in it as I could hardly taste the bourbon although it eventually came through.  Overall, I enjoyed it, especially the moonshine cherry but my personal preference would be for a little less jalepeno.  For my entree I decided to split the 3 meat combo (pork shoulder, brisket and ribs), meaty mac and greens with my girlfriend.  The meats were all very succulent and tender with the ribs easily falling off of the bones.  I paired everything except the ribs with the variety of BBQ sauces that they had on the table: a traditional sauce, a vinegar based and a habanero based sauce with a combination of the traditional and habanero being my favorite.  The ribs I did not use a sauce on because they already had a BBQ rub on the outside which gave it good flavor.  As for the sides the greens seemed to be cooked a citrusy type of sauce with bacon which gave them a slightly sour and savory flavor.  Finally my favorite part of the meal was the meaty mac and cheese which was a macaroni and cheese with beef brisket cooked into it.  The brisket gave the mac and cheese a hearty smoky flavor and I think it could have been a meal unto itself.  I combined it with the traditional BBQ sauce and loved every minute of it.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely be back here in the future as this was the best BBQ that I have eaten in Pittsburgh.  The food itself deserved 5 stars but as a whole I believe it only deserves 4 stars for a couple of unrelated food reasons.  By the end of our dinner the dining room was so loud that I had a hard time hearing the person across from me talking.  An even bigger issue is that I spent almost the whole time there squinting because the sun was in my eyes.  I was not the only one either and at one point in time I think that most of the restaurant was shielding their eyes from the glaringly bright sun.  The least that they could do is to get some sun shades for their front windows as even the waitress commented on it.
2	Disappointed. Big time. I'm from Kansas City, Missouri, the HOME and BIRTHPLACE of awesome barbecue. So to hear that Pittsburgh would finally field a good barbecue/Southern foods joint was exciting. And this guy generally does good restaurants. Well perhaps he should have went to KC, Memphis, Richmond, Carolina, and really learned how to do good cue, and good comfort foods. First my wife ordered the fried chicken so she'd have some for the lunch the next day, I ordered the brisket. We both ordered mac and cheese, and I went with cornbread and the mrs. with greens. And we passed the other tables and saw the presentations, to die for. Really amazing stuff. That's where our great impression ended. First the brisket. When it showed up all I could say was "???????" Not only am I a barbecue person by birthright, as a chef I consider myself very good at barbecuing meats. I learned in KC, sure, but lived in DC for 10 years and went to all sorts of amazing shacks in Virginia, NC, SC, MD, and WV. Places that you could smell the hickory from a mile away, paper tablecloths, a pig or two outside, mud parking lots. SO I know good cue.The brisket - cut so thick it wasn't even funny. The brisket was cut almost a half inch thick, I'm not making this up. It was really that thick. Good smoked brisket is very thin, and falling apart from it's tenderness and smokiness. Neither on this one. Not only was it half inch thick, it looked like it had been seared in a skillet. It had been burnt with sauce on it. Sauce was charred to it, and not in a good way. While it was tender enough to eat, that's the only compliment I'll give it. Smokiness was not prevelant. Not at all. Cornbread - cut like a piece of pie, which is fine. It was warm but so hard I could not chew it. I handed it to the server and told her, I can TELL this was microwaved. There is no other way the lower half of slice would be warm and soft, and upper half hot and so hard you couldnt chew. Microwaved cornbread, really? Mac and cheese was cheesy, saucy, and overall good mac. The fried chicken was okay. Not great, not bad. The seasoning they were using made it a touch salty, not sure. Definitely on the soggy side. Not sure I'll go back. Smoking meat can be challenging, no doubt. But cutting it wrong, searing it wrong, ( searing it at all?? It's barbecue brisket!! ) microwaving cornbread, really? I have cornbread on my menu, I don't microwave it. We throw it in the oven for 60 seconds and let it sit near steamtable to keep it warm. NOT HARD GUYS.
5	Awesome decor, and awesome food! I really enjoyed the different sauces on the table that you could add to your food.  I did the pork shulder, which was so tender and tasty! We went for lunch and were really pleased with our experience!
2	I LOVE barbecue...or maybe I don't? That's the reality that I was left with when I walked out of Union Pig & Chicken, because If this is the direction that barbecue is headed, then I'm out.First, the atmosphere...awful. Simply awful. The community seating thing might sound somewhat logical...at a picnic...but for a restaurant environment? No thanks. I'll pass on being seated next to strangers and their children while dealing with the difficulty of trying to talk over the people around me. Just because it's a barbecue joint doesn't mean that I don't want at least a little bit of intimacy to enjoy a meal out with my wife. While we were there, the guy next to me spilled his soda all over the table. Luckily, he was the only one who ended up with a wet lap, In reality, I was lucky, considering the giant picnic table we were all sitting at. If his drink spills at a slightly different angle, my jeans would've had nice cola hue to them instead.The industrial interior with nothing but hard surfaces lends to the noise being nearly unbearable. Of course, maybe the noise is meant to distract you from being able to accurately judge the food you're about to eat.I ordered the pork + ribs + brisket meal, while my wife got the half bbq chicken. She added the potato salad as her side and I decided to try the mac & cheese, as well. Now, I love ribs...so much so, that I just couldn't help but dig into them first. Unfortunately, there was so much gristle that no amount of flavor - which there wasn't much of - could distract me from such an obnoxious texture. I ate what I could off of the half rack and moved on to the pork shoulder. Admittedly, this was my first time eating pork shoulder...and I'm pretty sure it's going to be my last. Now, some people might enjoy the fattiness, but this wasn't for me. Most of my pieces of pork were nothing but fat. That foul, blubbery texture on your tongue...if that's the appeal of pork shoulder, the trendy foodies of the world can enjoy it. I'll take the rest of the pig instead. Thanks.The lone highlight of the meal was the brisket. It was the one thing on the tray that had a lot of flavor and actually worked really well with their barbecue sauce on the table, or without. It was tender, juicy, and the only thing that I would recommendThe sides? Well, the dinner bun that comes with your meal looks like it comes from a bag, and I had no interest in it. The mac & cheese was okay, but not good enough to come back for. Overall, we both left feeling incredibly disappointed. While Union gives you a decent amount of food, the quality just wasn't good enough to justify the hit on our wallet, and leaving a lot of uneaten food behind was a huge waste. I give it 2 stars, knowing that some people might like that style of barbecue, but for me, Union has earned itself the status of an afterthought for us.
2	Pretty sure that the only research behind this place was 1.) watching season one of The Dukes of Hazzard and 2.) reading the label of a bottle of KC Masterpiece.  I've been craving a good barbecue place since I moved to Pittsburgh, and I'm still searching.  Granted, I think my standards are high: I grew up in SC and lived in eastern NC, south Ga., and Kansas City, and my dining partner grew up in eastern NC.  Not easy to please, but I was open.  We both had pork shoulder.  (Go figure - pork shoulder = barbecue in the Carolinas.)  I also had some brisket just to try something else.  The pork comes out in chunks - very good flavor, but the cubes are weird - don't allow it to pick up any grease or sauce.  It's much better if you mash it up into pulled pork and douse it with the vinegar - four stars after you do something that should've been done in the kitchen.  The brisket was, meh.  Both meats were obviously hit with a blowtorch.  Barbecue is about slow cooking - any charring is a side effect - acceptable, but not a key, and too much is, well, too much.  This was too much - some bites tasted like charcoal.  Way too much fat, too.  The fat definitely adds to the flavor, but only when it's rendered and soaked into the rest of the meat - big chunks should be cut away and not served.  (Only the crappy 'cue places down South serve up as much whole fat as this place.)  This seems to be sous-vide, so much of the fat stays whole - not awful, but it gets to be a bit much after 3-4 mouthfuls of straight charred fat.  The sauces need a lot of work, too.  The vinegar needed more spice, more flavor.  The red stuff was pretty flavorless.  The other stuff was just a Caribbean pepper sauce.  Not bad, but the heat overpowered the meat, and it was a bit too fruity.My friend had baked beans on the side.  Bleh - way too sweet and too spicy.  Had a weird flavor that I think I figured out: sweet potatoes.  These tasted like someone mixed beans into a decent sweet potato pie.  (Which wasn't bad until you hit a chunk of hot dog.  Salty meat and sweet potato pie don't mix well.)The high point was the collards - perfectly done.  Most Southern places overcook the hell out of them, and most Yankees leave them leathery.  These were perfect.Sweet tea was about half as strong as it should be.  (A nice mahogany color is close to ideal - this stuff is lighter than cream soda.)  Sweetness was about right for me, but not as sweet as authentic, syrupy sweet tea.  ...And it would be nice to keep a pitcher of unsweetened - every place down South keeps both.  (My friend wanted unsweetened - no dice for her.)The communal seating is just weird.  I only know one barbecue place that does that, and they only do it in one of their several dining rooms.  It's annoying to be dropping $20 on a casual meal and still feel rushed to clear out. For $50 for two, just have some pulled pork FedExed to your door.  (There are a few places in the Carolinas that will happily do that.)*No form of meat stew?  Really?  I mean, if I was a chef, I'd think that would be the area where I could really have some fun.  Giant swathes of Barbecueland have a "barbecue stew": hash in SC, Brunswick stew in Ga., burgoo in KY.  Kinda disappointed that UP&C missed that opportunity - kinda hard to miss if you actually spent any time in barbecue country.**Cornbread was the worst I've ever had, and my partner agreed.  I thought the worst you could do was Jiffy (which isn't bad - the good folks at Jiffy set the floor pretty high).  If you can't get the real stuff right, you pick up a bunch of boxes of Jiffy, at, like $1/box, and follow the recipe - can't go wrong.  Unfortunately, UP&C thinks they know better - tastes like they mixed a bag of cornmeal with some vanilla brownie mix.  I've eaten plenty of cake that wasn't as sweet, but this stuff had a messed-up texture.  The top inch was as dense as a hush puppy, and the bottom inch had the texture of a slab of beef jerky.  The chef should spank his own bare behind for serving this to paying customers.  ...And do it again for charging $3 per clod as a side.
4	Delicious food! I wasn't crazy about their fried chocked, but the barbecue was good, and the ribs were heavenly.
5	The food was incredible! The brisket was so tender it was hard to tell you were still eating meat, and the pork shoulder was absolutely awesome.  Both were a little fatty, but nothing you can't work around.The meaty mac definitely took the cake for the evening! So delicious.  Our other side was the greens, which were good.  The cornbread was a little bit lacking (too dry).Their drinks were also excellent.  The coffee & fig infused whiskey was just awesome, and the Yellow Jam-Jar was really tasty combination of curry, Chartreuse, and honey.We split a two-meat plate & two sides, and it we were both full.  We'll definitely be back.
4	My husband and I consider ourselves BBQ connoisseurs after sampling the best of what Texas has to offer last year, so we were very excited to visit Union Pig and Chicken.  I've read that other reviewers were disappointed in the prices and the portion sizes.  I could not have had a more opposite reaction.  Our friendly waitress suggested the two of us get the choose 2 with a side and cornbread and assured us that it would be enough.  At $20 I have to say this is a steal and DEFINITELY the way to go if you are a party of 2.  We picked the pork shoulder and brisket with a side of greens.  We also ordered an appetizer of pork belly lettuce wraps.  First off, the pork belly lettuce wraps were awesome.  I'll be disappointed if they are not on the menu when we go back.  Our meat came and our waitress explained that the sauces on the table were a spicy habanero sauce, a more traditional BBQ sauce, and a vinegary sauce (she described them MUCH better and gave specific ingredients in each.)  Right off the bat my husband was disappointed that you do not get bread to go with your meat.  That was pretty standard in every BBQ place we've been.  Our brisket was juicy and tender but the fat was very overwhelming.  I understand keeping fat on for flavor and absolutely do not mind a bit of it, but this was A LOT of fat.  The pork shoulder was amazing and my favorite part of the meal.  The sauces were good, but none were "i can't get enough... can I drink this?" good.  My favorite was the spicy habanero which was the perfect level of spice for me but WAY too spicy for my husband (wimp).  It had an awesome burn to it that crept up on me and warmed my whole body up.  A true gem for a heat lover.  The greens were good, but not memorable.  I thought the cornbread was very good but was too sweet for my husband.  I can't wait to go back to try the fried chicken.  The couple next to us got it and it looked delicious.  Also I'd love to try their mac n cheese... well... because I'd like to eat all of the mac n cheese on the planet.  You can definitely find best BBQ in Pittsburgh at Union Pig and Chicken.  We had a high quality meal for a very reasonable price, but it just fell short in a few areas where we had high expectations.
3	Union Pig and Chicken is okay but not great.  First of all seating is at benches with strangers.  Second, the amount of food served is really for two people, which makes it expensive if you eat there alone.  Of course, one can always take the leftovers home and they do have nice take home containers.  The service was good with friendly waiters, but the meat is fatty.  Even the servers admitted that the meat had a lot of fat.  I ended up ordering fried chicken.  If I were to go back I'd try the BBQ chicken.  Being from the south I'm used to really good fried chicken and P&C has a lot to learn about fried chicken.  The vegetables were very good.  I got freshly grilled corn on the cob and collard greens.  I was surprised to see collard greens in Pittsburgh, but they were cooked like one would get at a good sole food restaurant in North Carolina.
4	The best BBQ restaurant in Pittsburgh! I say that with no authority; I just know this place is *really* good. A great selection of beer, ribs that fall off the bone with your choice of BBQ sauce. Best of all: meaty mac, which is macaroni and cheese, but with blue cheese and chunks of pork. The atmosphere is casual but sleek, and the service is solid. You have to like communal seating, but that's part of the charm. If you're looking for a traditional, formal restaurant, this isn't your place. But if you want a different, fun dining experience, this is the place for you. Good for groups, kids, dates... everyone.
4	First, an admission: I'm a vegetarian, and this place is all about food that used to be animals. This means every single entre is - for me - off limits.But not to fear, my fellow herbivore friends whose spouses eat meat, a pleasing culinary experience awaits. You can eat solely from the sides menu, and leave a full and happy camper.Check it out: corn bread, potato salad, slaw, mac and cheese. Pick three and enjoy.Someday, perhaps, maybe they'll offer up some seitan options (like my favorite BBQ, Soul Vegetarian in Chicago). But until then, I can deal with one of the best offerings of Southern-inspired side dishes around.
5	First, a brief rant: Three and a half stars?! What is wrong with you people?!? This place is glorious. Seriously. WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?!? Gah! A brief skimming of the bad reviews leaves me gasping like a guppy out of water - I don't understand the level of expectation that goes into sticking some sustenance down your gullet sometimes. Expensive? Compared to McDonalds, but then I wouldn't have the awesome brisket and pork shoulder omelette the next morning, either. Greasy? Compared to a tossed salad with no dressing, but then I wouldn't have the awesome brisket and pork shoulder omelette the next morning, either, again. Ugly decor? Try "simple" and "fun." Not everything is cloth napkins and candlelight. Loosen up! Not "real BBQ"?!? I'm not going into my "authenticity is an arbitrary measuring-stick" spiel here - I was just there in my review of C. Staples in Youngstown (find it if you really care but the gist: I don't care if it's what you think is "real" BBQ, I only care how it tastes). /end rantBegin review: Came here for a late lunch with some local friends (we were passing through and thus, only temporarily local). The space is made up of two long rows of picnic table-type sittage so, family style. One of us was vegetarian but a good friend, and she survived on the sides offerings and the booze with no complaint. The rest of us feasted on some of the finest smoked meats I've had on either side of the Mississippi: the best smoked chicken I've had outside of my honey's smoker (which isn't a fair comparison I know so: better than High Hat in New Orleans), flavorful ribs (a little dry and not my favorite, but someone else in our party would argue I'm wrong about that), amazing fork-tender pork shoulder, and a good, simple brisket (despite not making the head credits, cow still has a cameo). There are three sauces on the table, but the table could stand a few more for variety and I see no use for the North Carolina-style vinegar sauce but maybe it works for the sandwich options. I have no intention of sullying the pork shoulder with it, though. Actually, none of the meats needed any of the sauces but the other two sauce options were at least thick enough to hang in and add something to the meal. Gluten-free beer, cheerwine, and in-house infused whiskeys (smoked onion, black pepper, and tupelo honey was our vegetarian's choice, I think) are examples of the extensive beverage selection and the sides - asian-style slaw and the baked beans being the standouts - compliment the meats just fine and like I said, our vegetarian had no complaints. And everyone knows that vegetarians are whiners. The locals gave me some backstory about the chef, too, and now I'm eager for our next visit so I can add to my collection of Sousa meals.
4	If you haven't been since they opened, I'd recommend giving Union another try. Things have changed a lot, it seems.Most notably, they now offer combos: for $20 you can get 2 meats, 1 side, and a piece of cornbread OR all three meats (brisket, pork shoulder, ribs). If you decide to substitute chicken for one of your meats, you can do so for $5. The portion sizes have gotten much bigger (I got an order of brisket just to myself, and it literally would have been enough to feed 3-4 people). And praise Jesus, the Kansas City BBQ sauce no longer tastes like straight ketchup. They also now offer a couple creative appetizer options (things such as pork belly wraps and steak tartare) that are very much in the vein of Salt of the Earth, and the mac & cheese and greens are still insanely good. The cocktail list has been vastly expanded, too. My boozy, peachy Arnold Palmer was pretty delicious.As far as the meats, my favorite is the brisket. Each time I've gotten it, it has been super tender with lots of melty fat, and I love the flavor of the rub. You don't even really need the sauce. The pork shoulder is my second fav, but I was a little let down by the ribs. They have a nice smoky flavor, but were pretty dry and didn't have that fall-off-the-bone quality that makes ribs so great. The ribs are what keeps me from giving Union 5 stars, but otherwise this is a great place for a refined approach to BBQ.
3	I'm a KSBS BBQ judge, so I'm a BBQ snob.  I really liked the flavor profiles of the food, it was all over cooked.  Mac-n - cheese was bomb.  I think they do better than what I had so I'll go back and try again.
4	After months of reading the few-star rants about this place, I ended up in Sliberty for a one-woman performance piece at the Kelly Strayhorn (which was shamefully low-attendance for a spectacular performer of her caliber) and needed to have dinner before.  Being on foot with a blind lady meant our walking distance choices were limited. BRGR? I don't think so. So we were flip flopping in deciding between Waffle Shop, Ethiopian, or Pig N Chicken, and we decided to give Pigs and Chickens a try.I have to say...I wasn't expecting to actually be pleased by a restaurant owned by one of the premiere 'foodie' leaders in da burgh. I was expecting a big check for toy food that taste good, but wouldn't fill me up.  I am very happy to report that I was wrong.It is an odd little joint. The atmosphere is a bit strange.  A large open space, with two rows of old style country banquet hall picnic benches, and what looks like barn wood covering the walls. No art to break it up. Just giant walls of brown wood. Felt kind of barn-like, but maybe that's the intent in the theme.  We went at an 'early' time, so there was no crowd, but I would say that the idea of someone sitting on the bench right next to me during a 'busy' time would be a little off-putting, especially considering the girth of many burgh eaters, but then again since no one tends to talk to anyone next to them in the burgh, it might be kind of cool to actually break down that wall, turn to the right or left and say 'Mmmmmm...hi!'The music was 1950's hop music which seemed a little out of place, but it sure was fun, and got my body in an up mood, feet bopping on the floor while I chewed.At first the staff seemed a little typical Pittsburgh uppity bistroid 'disinterested' and aloof. The kind of sloppy wannabeanartist fuzzy captain caveman beard, the sewing spindles in the earlobes...but the waitress who took our order turned that around.  She was helpful, charming, and very polite and made the meal a pleasant experience.And the meal was the MOST pleasant surprise. The menu is limited, and at first seemed a little pricey, with most 'sides' being ala carte, but they offered a couple of combo 'deals', and since my friend tends to (usually) eat like a bird, we decided to split the two-meat combo.  The choices were two of ribs, brisket and pork shoulder, and included one side and a chunk of cornbread. My friend opted for a second side.So we ordered the brisket, pork shoulder, baked beans (and my friend asked the waitress if they were out of a can to which the waitress responded 'Oh GOD no!''), cole slaw, and the cornbread - and two sodas (COKE PEOPLE - HOORAY!).The platter that arrived had bowls individually containing the order, except the brisket which was in a pile on some 'picnic' type paper.  The portions were ample, and every bit of it home made and delicious. Even the baked beans were from scratch, and included fresh herbs to the extent that my tongue couldn't figure out if it was rosemary or sage - which the waitress investigated to find it was thyme. FRESH thyme.  The meats were cooked beautifully, sauced beautifully, tender and juicy. The pork was the fave, as the brisket seemed to lose its spark as the time went by and it cooled off, but I think that's pretty normal for brisket.My friend, the bird, had two helpings of everything, and there were plenty of leftovers to drag with us to the theater until we caught the ride to take them home.That two-meat combo was $20. $2 for the extra side, and the price of the sodas. The bill was just under $30, and we were well fed.Now, bear in mind, it IS called Union PIG and CHICKEN.  It's a barbecue place. I think what perhaps was intended to be another uppity bistroid was leveled off to be an actual pleasant and delicious restaurant experience...for meat eaters.And it was a very smart move, especially for the neighborhood it's in.  Great job.Now, with all of that young wannabeartist air floating around...slap some art on those walls! And keep that food cooking!
1	Yikes. I spoke too soon. My last review praised the tenderness and smokiness of the ribs. I returned last week, ordered a half rack, and was presented with a hard, charred, clump of inedible carbon and bones.
5	Union Pig & Chicken hurt my feelings.  I, like so many others, was thrilled about the little brother to Salt opening and as we all figured out, the food just wasn't that good.  I didn't want to go back.A month or so a go, a friend who had never been insisted we return.  Meh, I think.And then there's some new menu items:Pork Shoulder (which really looks like potatoes but tastes like juicy meat).And, then, you have to order sides... and what's this?Meaty Mac and Cheese (and there is a perfect hint of mustard in there!)And now the ribs are tender and fall off the bone.  All the beers on the list are actually in stock!Proud to update this to a five star spot.  I can't stay away.
2	never a full cocktail.
3	I used to crave BBQ.  Guess my taste-buds have changed over time so feel a little guilty down-playing this place since it is afterall a BBQ joint.Actually, I still thought I craved BBQ when I walked in.  The menu looked great and my server was helpful in steering me towards a first-timer's experience.  I ended up ordering the 2 meat option of pork shoulder and ribs.  I was dissapointed it only came with one side.  I mean it seems normal to me to order slaw and baked beans so I still wanted two.  I settled for one (the mac-n-cheese), knowing it came with cornbread.  Yum, the sound of it.The table arrangements are picnic bench style with close quarters to your neighbors, which I don't mind.  Dinner is served on a silver tray (not that kind of tray) and portions are gigantic (and I'm not saying that's necessarily a good thing given that it's more than one should care to eat).  The bowl of mac-n-cheese was clearly enough for 2 (and I don't usually share mac-n-cheese) and was overflowing with cheese -- nice and tasty.  The cornbread was not to my liking and unlike any other cornbread I've ever had or want to have in the future -- grainy, heavy, greasy -- but a huge portion if that's what you're into.  The ribs were the best part and were tasty except for the layer of fat underneath.  Sorry but the texture of the fat just did not make me want more.  Then, there was the pork shoulder in a huge bowl cut up in huge cubes.  Again, nice enough taste but the texture was of slimy fat.  Surely, all my BBQ tastings were similar and were heavy on fat, too???  I guess I just don't remember or at least it's not what left me with my lasting impression before.I wanted so much to rave about a good BBQ place.  Maybe it's just me.  Price for the 2 meat meal option with 1 side and cornbread is $20.
4	There is nothing more satisfying than digging your choppers into a plate full of meat.  This is not the place for vegans, and meat lovers should be prepared for a treat.  Simple, and community seating, with a good drink menu and a basic but good choice of dinners.If you like ribs, cornbread, and pork this is worth the stop.  Plus the local scene is getting better for a night on the town.
4	Great addition to the growing scene in East Liberty. My boyfriend and I ordered the BBQ chicken and brisket with the choose 2 option. The chicken was good but the brisket was excellent. As I am originally from South Carolina, I am most familiar with Carolina pulled pork BBQ. The only issue I had with the meal is the "Carolina" style BBQ sauce is so far off-base! They either need to do a little more research or take it off the table (its not very good!)The failed Carolina BBQ sauce will not keep me away though. I will definitely be making a return visit.
5	The brisket is to DIE for!  (I don't think I've ever used that phrase before.)  Sweet, smoky flavor through and through, a rub that the top BBQ competitors on the circuit would give their eye teeth for, so tender a fork is all that's necessary.  Perfect.  The fat cap some peeps are complaining about?  Necessary.  That's what keeps the meat juicy and tender through the long, slow cooking process.  And there is a huge PILE of brisket on your metal platter.  Sauce it how you like it from the bottles on the table or enjoy it naked - the brisket, not you.  Then again, you can get take out so what you do when you get home is your responsibility. (Eek!)I got the ribs, too.  Another winner!  Yep, literally fell right off the bone.  And I LIKE my ribs that way!  Collard greens on the side were sweet and tart, smoky and everything I like in my greens...without being mushy.  Nicely done UP&C!  The hubby got his favorite dish of all - fried chicken.  He really enjoyed the flavor, but expected crisp and crunchy fried chicken so this version wasn't in his top choices for fried chicken.  Next time he'll try the roast chicken or the brisket.  He ADORED the mac & cheese!  In fact, he said it was the best he's ever had - except for mine.  Smart man...if he wants homemade mac & cheese from me again.  lolI loved the communal tables!  I didn't expect to say that, but the hostess used some good party planning guidelines in seating people.  She put us at a table with a couple around our same age and we enjoyed conversation together!  Then she seated another duo - mother and adult son - between us.  We had a great time talking and discussing food around the country.  Hostess, (I wish I knew your name) you get an A+ in seating strategy!  If you're put off by the communal seating, loosen up a little and ask your neighbor about the food on his or her plate, about the cocktail he or she is enjoying.  You just might find you're talking and laughing and getting the point of the seating!Cocktails.  I can't really make a judgment on them yet.  I had the "Jelly Jar."  Eh.  It was quite harsh, no finesse.  I loved the concept, though.  The idea is brilliant, actually...pre-package the cocktail in a sealed jelly jar and bring it to the table without waiting for a bartender to custom mix it.  Nice idea.  More ice would have helped, maybe.  The 5-star rating above is ONLY for the food.  When the upstairs bar opens, Harvard & Highland, it will be time to give the cocktails a fair try and a fair rating.Go for the brisket!.
4	They have some seriously good fried chicken.  The kind that is crunchy, crispy, with flavor going all the way down to the bone.  I admit this place is a upscale BBQ place - which well doesn't make sense.  But who cares, when the food is this good!  I suggest you share your entree, portion sizes are huge and so is the price tag.
5	Wow! Never have I had such tender meat that wasn't cooked in a crock pot for 24 hours. The brisket and pork shoulder were delicious, not to mention top-notch macaroni and cheese and cornbread. The unique picnic-table setup encourages conversation. I feel sorry for vegans because they're the only people who won't enjoy this restaurant.
1	They should rename the place Union Fat & Fat.  I had the brisket & pork shoulder with cole slaw as my side. My brisket was 80% fat - the shoulder was over 90% fat.  It was disgusting.  They need to hire a someone who knows how to dress the meat.  The cole slaw was bad (personally I prefer the vinegar based to mayo based slaw).  It tasted as if someone went to KFC, bought their slaw and mixed it with sugar and elmers glue. On a positive note the corn bread was pretty good.  That's how bad this place is.  It's a bbq joint and I'm praising the corn bread.I hated the communal seating - that combined with the minimalist interiors - ensures that you send the entire night yelling across the table to make yourself hear.I'm really surprised by all of the good reviews.   There are three possible conclusions.  1. - they have never had good bbq.  This being Pittsburgh, this is the most probably answer.  2. - they are either employees or friends/relations of the management.  3.  - I was there on a off night.
5	Ok , As far as BBQ in Pittsburgh , This has become my number 2 place to get GREAT Ribs.A few friends and myself stopped in the other night for dinner , and we were impressed.Great St. Louis 1/2 rack , Greens were fresh and very tasty.They had an "artist" doing some painting and we really enjoyed seeing the wall transformed into ART right before our eyes!They have a great selection of exotic beers . Even though I like rather mundane brews , I was excited to try some of these new beers. Our waitress was fast and very accommodating , she even brought me small samples of the beers.The Place is a bit on the LOUD side ( very hard to hear each other ) But I guess that's because they have a good following and as much as most people don't use their "inside" voices, It was still very enjoyable.Parking SUCKS. but I'll be back.
3	Union- Pig and Chicken Pittsburgh Vs Slow's Bar BBQ of Detroit.....Cool atmosphere: union 1 Slow's 1 both used barn style wood work.Safe parking:        Union 1 Slow's 0 (if Slow's lot is full which it is most of the time)Sauces :                Union 0 Slow's 1 too much vinegar in the Union sauce, not enough variety of sauces to choose from.Its all about the MMMMMMMMmeat, my sister and I tried the brisket and ribs at Union, decent dry rub pit style rib, tender meat, wish the rub had more sweet and spice to it. My sister said the ribs at Slows were a bit tastier. Brisket does have a high fat content, but the meat is tender and juicy  which many people prefer over a drier brisket.So union 1 for brisket Slow's 1 for ribs. We got the corn bread for  side, and mac and cheese with potato salad. Mac and Cheese was to die for good, beat Kelly's out around the corner. Potato salad was yum but it is non tradition with a sweet vinegar dressing. Cornbread was a bit  dry for my tastes and a little burn on crust. My sister pointed out to me that i am a polenta fan, this might sway my review of said CB. Also no additional butter for the cornbread... booo. Price: Slow's 1 Union 0. Union is new in town (fairly) price is a wee high, but portions are decent we could feed three people with our 2 meat 1 side combo + 2 sides. So slows came out on top but narrowly. Because BBQ is diverse, everyone likes their sauce, dry rub, meat a little different. I've been to Mississippi, tasted chicken that made me cry happy tears (from a KFC mind you. Had warm hush puppies in Florida with my pulled pork sandwich, and  fresh fried okra on the side in Alabama. My point is that every place does their BBQ a little differently I liked what Union has to offer, I think they attempted to unite different BBQ flavors of the country with their menu choices. But everyone's BBQ blueprint is different, order something you know you like and go from there. Once they have established repeat customer base they should bring the prices down a wee bit and add a few more diverse items to the menu. Then they can stand with Slow's.
3	I went last night and the food was good. We had the 3 meat combo: fried chicken, pork shoulder and ribs.  The latter two weren't fatty at all. For sides, we had the warm potato salad and the mac and cheese. I didn't have much of the mac & cheese, but the potato salad was tasty and had bits of bacon in it. While the food was good, the restaurant was cold, a bit dark, and didn't have much of a vibe. We didn't feel comfortable.
1	I have been a fan ofthis restaurant, and have recommended it to several people in the past, but had a horrible experience yesterday. I feel strongly enough about my experience that I joined yelp today just to review this restaurant. The food as always was excellent, but the overall experience was horrible. I figured I would avoid the usual long wait that always seems to be the way it is at this restaurant, so I called ahead. I ordered a whole fried chicken and the ribs and pork shoulder. I checked to make sure my order was right before leaving, but didn't think to actually count the chicken pieces. When I got home, I found there was only half a chicken. When I called to explain, I made what I thought were concrete plans to come back at 2 forthem to give me the other half chicken. Well, when I came at 2, no one even aknowledged that I was there for 15 minutes. no joke. I waited 15 minutes for anyone to even aknowledge I was there. When I was finally greeted by the same person who had taken my order initially, who had given me the food the first time, and who fielded my call when I called back, she acted like she didn't know what I was talking about. So after explaining again I was told to wait again. At that point she started bringing out chicken for all trhe seated customers, and other to go orders. I was put at the bottom of the priority list, and literally waited another 10 minutes. I finally went to the back area, and asked for my $ back, and the general attitude was that I was being unreasonable. They handed me my half chicken, no apology, or explanation was given. I felt as if I was bothering them. It was a horrible experience, and it will be a while before I give them another chance. I am very understanding that mistakes hapopen, but feel a little more customer service would be in order especially since I've spent hundreds of dollars there over this past year... very very disappointed!
1	i was hoping for more from this place based on how it was touted in the city paper. when my uncle and i arrived, the place was packed and based on that i assumed the food was at the least....good. what cant i say? the server was gods second gift to all mankind who was spreading the good news  through his skinny jeans, piercings and smug demeanor  was a shining beacon that reflected all that is wrong with the "new" east liberty. and now the food: if you read this review after eating there dont say i didnt tell you so. it literally is all smoked salt and sugar for 75 dollars. it was so salty that veins popped out of my forehead and i thought i was gonna have a seizure as my 57 year old uncle experienced the same side effects. i informed our server that i couldnt eat the food due to the high sodium content and as opposed to being apologetic and trying to offer something else on the menu, he looked at me as if i had told him about the nude photos of his mother that i have that give me much joy. he walked and came back with the check without as much a thank you. gentrification.....tastes like chicken.
5	The food is marvelous and the atmosphere is very comfortable! Very clean establishment, great service and parking is a breeze.. Harvard and Highland which is just upstairs.. very trendy and don't expect Miller Lite on tap..  this bar is something completely different..  countless specialty drinks..  makes the trip very worth while.. I recommend the "Moscow mule" cocktail..two thumbs up
4	Best barbecue place I've found in Pittsburgh.
5	Had lunch here as part of a work meeting. We had pretty much everything on the menu. Overall I am very impressed. The pork ribs are awesome. The brisket is awesome. The pork shoulder is ridiculously amazing. The fried chicken is great. The price point is very good too, given how awesome the food is.
4	Can't give it a five-star review as a vegetarian, but this place is pretty awesome.  The husband LOVED his meat combo and we'll definitely be back.  I tried the mac 'n' cheese and the cornbread from his plate, both solid.I had a smoky, lime, soy-flavored butternut squash soup that was really great.  The drinks here are very creative, and quite tasty.  I was kind of bummed that you can't get Harvard & Highland drinks (from the bar upstairs) downstairs until after 10 pm; so I walked up and got myself what I wanted since I couldn't order it from my waitress.Oh well, food is fantastic, atmosphere is fun and the place smells heavenly.  Kinda has me thinking about ending my veggie streak, actually...
4	this place was pretty cool! i'd heard of it before and heard good things, but never many details. i went here with my boyfriend on new years day (greasy pork and chicken to cure my hangover? yes please). when we came inside, i was kind of surprised to see how small the place was. we were seated immediately, but i imagine quite the wait on busy days. the seating is just several large tables, so you're right next to your neighbors, which i wasn't a huge fan of, but it does add a cool vibe to the atmosphere.so the server rattled off the special and we were quickly served a big tray of chicken and waffles (a huge breast and leg!) with sides of greens and mac and cheese. i had only recently tried chicken and waffles for the first time, and i really enjoyed it here. the syrup was good, and the gravy was okay, but i couldn't decide which i liked dipping in better. i wasn't a big fan of the greens, and i've had better mac and cheese, but honestly, i'd still get the same meal any day.it was a ton of food and the chicken itself is worth it, cooked well and tasty!
4	A fantastic BBQ destination.  When I first ate here I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and the thought which went into the cocktails.  I just went back, about 6 months later I think, and it has grown into one of my favorite spots in PIttsburgh.  Everything we ordered was superb and the new lounge upstairs is really chill.  The brisket is absolutely wild, It's prepared in a big slab fashion I've never eaten before and it was impressive as all get out.  Go to Union Pig & Chicken!
3	Good ribs, the brisket was fatty. It was hard to trim it because the light was ridiculously low.  Had to poke with a fork to find the edge.  The cornbread was very good. The beans in the baked beans were hard to chew, probably not soaked long enough.  The coleslaw was Ok  not anything special. ( I prefer the McCormick & Schmidt's recipe) The butternut soup was excellent.  The faux checkerboard grease doily ( not really sure what else to call it) failed fairly early in the meal due to the large amount of grease, so I had to be extra careful not to eat paper (UNDER THE RIDICULOUSLY LOW LIGHT).My wife's BBQ chicken was good. It wasn't entirely clear if if it was skinned and the sauce was baked on or if the skin was burnt. In any event it was discarded and the BBQ sauce was used for dipping.  One "OK" vote and one "Meh" vote on the sauce. We're regular Sweet Rays users so perhaps that colors our opinions.A low traffic night so staff service and the kitchen were very quick.Over-priced, to be sure (it's a hip place isn't it ?) but most folks who go here won't need a loan co-signer.As we waited for the payment business, I noticed a chalk board with what appeared to be specials, but I couldn't read it anyway due to the (did I mention) ridiculously low light.We'll probably go again and start with the soup and try some of the other options.
5	I went here earlier today with my boss - both ordered the pork lunch sandwich. Best lunch I've had in the 'Burgh in a while. The smoke flavor was incredible. Can't wait to go back for lunch. Dinner seems a little steep before the late night menu. Try the brussel sprouts!
4	Food comma!!! We arrived at about 6pm on a Saturday and was told there was about a 30 minute wait so we headed up to the bar. Shortly after ordering some beers, the host came to get us which was a nice surprise. They will transfer the bar tab to your table tab.We were both hungry so we each ordered a two meat combo and a side - my partner ordered pork shoulder and ribs, and I fried chicken and ribs, both mac and cheese. Note, there is a $5 charge if you order chicken with the 2 meat combo so $25, not $20. The ribs had a nice smoke flavor and the meat fell off the bone. I'm not a huge fan of pork shoulder but it was tender and you didn't have to chew the meat. The fried chicken was delicious too - juicy and not dry or bland. The mac and cheese was solid. The corn bread was buttery goodness and moist. We took the waitresses advice and put the available sauces on the table on everything, just to try. The vinegar was okay but their bbq and haberno sauce rocked my palette. We prob should have shared the two meat combo but I'm glad we got our own.The tables are communal and they offer gift cards in any amount. Street parking is only available.
2	I love BBQ. So I am always eager to try some new q. I was fairly disappointed. This place has the look and feel of a hipster restaurant but unfortunately it tastes like it to. There is no soul.We split the 2 meet combo (shoulder & brisket). The shoulder was a small portion that came in a cast iron skillet. The meat was tender but lacked texture or bark, and it was diced into large clocks. The brisket was a mess. I still can't figure out how they sliced it. No visible smoke ring but you really couldn't tell because the place is dark like a cave.  Again lacking texture, and it was tender but super fatty.  I will say that my wife enjoyed the mac n cheese but the corn bread was overly sweet and greasy. The app menu was great we had fried chicken hearts. My final issue was our service. Our server acted like our table of ten was bothering her although the place was dead that night.  Bottom line is it is Pittsburg, so I should have lower BBQ standards, but this was really lackluster even for Pittsburgh.
1	I really wanted to like this place, but my experience was really bad. The meat was, no exaggeration, at least 40% fat (brisket). Expensive entrees that come with no sides. My boyfriend got the 3 meat entree. He is a total carnivore, and even he agreed that the brisket was a fatty mess and the ribs were inedible. Whatever rub they put on the ribs tasted like chemicals, and the meat was really tough. Both my boyfriend and I were queasy for the rest of the evening. We shared the mac'n'cheese side - easily the best part of the meal, which is sad for a barbecue place. I don't often post reviews, but I post this one as a caution: over-priced and yucky. Save your stomach and your cash.
3	Yum.  Hip, unique atmosphere.  Brisket was so flavorful but way too fatty for some people.  Over half of my serving was pure fat, literally no meat.  But that was fine with me actually.  Complaints:  1. someone said this place was good for kids.  I don't know what kids because there is only one high chair in the joint and they do not offer anything but water for children who don't drink soda (which is anyone younger than 10 in my opinion).  Someone with a child who was a little older than ours was using the only highchair and luckily they noticed the situation and gave us the high chair and made their 3 year old sit on the bench seat.  2. Waitress was less than attentive.  I came a little later than he rest of my party (who had went ahead and ordered for me but didn't' get me a drink) she never came to ask what I wanted to drink or if everything was fine.  I flagged her down and while I was trying to order a drink, she did no face me or give me her full attention.
1	This was disgusting! Tried the ribs, brisket, fried chicken, mac, and beans. None of it was good most of it was inedible. The ribs were tough and dry, off flavors in the chicken made me question its freshness, the brisket was slimy, and the sides were gross. Do not eat here.
4	So after a crummy first experience due to the manager altering the late-night hours between us calling and us actually showing up (Grr!), my girlfriend and I gave this place another shot.Short version, this is some delicious food.  I would have appreciated a bit more variety in the sides -- I ordered brisket and a slice of cornbread, my girlfriend ordered meaty mac and cheese, and by God that's what we got.  I would have liked, say, a bit of corn on the cob, or maybe some fries, or maybe even a bit of salad -- something to break things up a big.Still, how hard can I complain?  I got a big damn slice of cornbread and a big damn pile of meat, and my girlfriend got a big damn bowl of mac & cheese with big damn meaty chunks in it; and all of it was delicious.  When we go back (and we most certainly intend to), our game plan will be to order different things and then share a large portion with each other.Recommended.
5	This place is awesome.  If you come here, be prepared to get into a food coma.First, you don't come here to order for yourself.  You come here to order tons of food and have everyone grab what they want.  I had four people at my table and they brought out three trays of food all at once.  We barely ate half of it.  It...was..awesome.  We had pork shoulder, beef brisket, ribs, plain mac and cheese, meaty mac and cheese, chicken, and cornbread.I love everything.  The meaty mac and cheese stood out.  The beef brisket was good.  I just loved it all.  I love the idea of their two store long tables.  if you want privacy, you can eat upstairs where there are smaller tables.  It is weird because upstairs is suppose to be a separate restaurant but I guess they're slowly combining together.I am surprise that there is a restaurant like this in the area.  I live nearby but would have never come to this area.  Some may feel the area is a little sketchy but it is not too bad. I've never seen so many white people gathered in one location in East Liberty.Enjoy.  Eat up.
4	We ended up here with a crazy meat itch after realizing (again for the third time) that Yinzburgh BBQ is closed on Mondays. As other reviewers have mentioned, the restaurant is a communal-style open concept restaurant with rustic wooden walls. Unfortunately, their rustic ideals extend to the lighting, which are extremely dim orange bulbs; if it weren't for the natural light from their glass storefront, I doubt that I would have been able to see my food. Also, the place is loud. The sparse walls and wooden floors makes any sound echo like crazy.Decor aside, they have some very excellent drink choices. They have an extensive whiskey menu for enthusiasts, a corresponding spirits cocktail menu, and a small but excellent selection of craft beers. Best of all, their draft craft beers are half off at $2 during happy hour, which runs to 6:30. The beer servings are I would say closer to a half pint than a full, but I'm not going to complain about a $2 glass of 60 minute IPA from Dogfish Head. The food was also quite good. I ordered the ribs and brisket with mac & cheese and cornbread sides. The ribs were excellently smoked and tender; the smoke flavour was so deep and good that I actually preferred it without any sauce. The brisket was deliciously tender and fatty and went excellently with their BBQ sauce (my personal favourite of the meal). I can see how some people might find the fat levels excessive; but the fat kept the meat very moist. I'm also a big fan of their cornbread, although the mac & cheese was rather meh. FYI, I thought their sauces were inferior to Yinzburgh BBQ; it's hard to beat them on their delicious sauces. The whoopie cake dessert was actually quite good as well; our marshmellow cream was coloured green in celebration of St. Patrick's day.TL;DR unfortunate lighting/seating/noise level, great drink selection, good BBQ. I'd say it's worth a visit (while it's light out).
1	Very very very underwhelmed.  I expected great things from Chef Sousa.   We had the triple meat combo, a whole chicken, mac and cheese, coleslaw and corn bread.  As we did take out, we could not take advantage of the nifty-looking beer and drink menu.  Unfortunately, this is the first of Chef Sousa's food that I tried, and I am not inspired.  We have extensive and varied BBQ tastes, honed from many years of traveling in the South and Southwest.  The stuff I ate here was unlike anything we have had before - on the bad side.  The brisket and pork were beyond fatty.  I had never encountered that before, and I was repulsed.  I adore adore BBQ chicken.  It is one of my favorite foods in the world.  Their chicken was so smoke flavored it did not even resemble chicken any longer.  My dog ended up with all the remainders from the few bites I could choke down.  The sauces did not inspire me at all.  The BBQ sauce tasted like ketchup spiked with whiskey.  All whiskey and sweet.  My teenager identified the whiskey in a hot second.  Not good. The BBQ sauce had no undertones of anything you might expect - fruit, garlic, tang.  The Carolina sauce was OK, nothing to write home about.  I will never go there again.  I had high hopes, as Pittsburgh is seriously lacking in creative, honestly good cuisine that we adore and get in places like Dallas, New York, Austin, Los Angeles.  God help me - we have even traveled to Cleveland and had some truly inspired local fare there.  If Chef Sousa cannot be counted on to help us,  I am getting fearful.
4	I was here a few weeks ago for a networking dinner and had a great time. The host had tables for us reserved upstairs in the bar area. Though we didn't eat in the dinning room downstairs I noticed that guests eat family style on long picnic tables and benches which is an interesting and different style than one normally sees.I was extremely impressed with the bar area. The entire space is surrounded by floor to ceiling windows where you can look out at the up and coming East Liberty neighborhood.  The actual bar is quite small, but there are plenty of tables for diners and drinkers to relax and sit.First off, Union Pig and Chicken has a great whiskey and specialty drink list. Note that most are in the $10 range, but almost all the choices are of the rare and small batch variety.  The craft beer list is also exceptional.For the amount of food I thought it was a great deal for the price. My date and I ordered the two meet combo (brisket and pork shoulder) then added on Macaroni and Cheese, baked beans, and cole slaw as sides (all in the $4-6 range) The meat portions were hefty and the side dishes were also large.  When the meat comes out you have your choice of sauces on the table to add. There was a nice variety; spicy, mild, vinegar based, along with some others. I mixed the spicy with the vinegar and it was awesome. Even without the sauces the meat itself was tender and flavorful.If you plan on having drinks the night can get somewhat expensive, but the food alone is quite a deal for the portion sizes.
4	if you are a meat lover, this is the place for you. I have been there twice recently and loved almost everything. Ribs and brisket are awesome. However the chicken is not that impressive. My favorite was an appetizer though! Chicken hearts on a skewer, tender and juicy, with the right amount of flavor, reminded me of the street food in China. Definitely a place to go for a casual eat.
4	To start, second best bbq I've had. Best BBQ goes to Dinosaur.  Definitely best Mac and Cheese I have had at a restaurant, ever.Service could be better. Had one water refill, but to be fair, the place was busy. I almost want to give a one star for the beer. The beer menu is ok with a couple power hitters on tap; however, its 10 buckaroos for small glass.  Not great for beer enthusiasts.Charm factor: Adirondack chairs on the second floor next to floor to ceiling windows.  If only there was a horseshoe pit.
2	My husband and I came during the Sunday brunch and had the chicken and waffles. We also got two smoked Bloody Mary's. they were expensive and gross. It wasn't busy, but we still did not have good service. No refills in the tiny water glasses we were given. The food was good, but I prefer Meat & Potatoes fried chicken and jalepeno waffles. The Mac and Cheese was amazing I will give them that. However, 60 for brunch is not worth it.....at least not at a hipster BBQ joint. And if you don't know the location, it's in the ghetto. Lets be honest here.
3	As a southerner, I believe barbeque belongs to me. Personally. So my opinions are strong about how it should or shouldn't be. If you've never been south of the Mason-Dixie line, this could be the best barbeque you've ever eaten. If you are a southerner, your home made probably tastes better. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed Union and will probably be back, especially if it doesn't stay so crowded. But more than anything it made me miss the real deal. -Brisket I tried was pretty good.-Ribs were good.-Greens were almost certainly canned - they added some ham but not much flavor. Mine are better.-Baked beans were sweeter than cake. That's how we like iced tea, not beans. It seemed to have a caramelized crust of sugar on top like Creme Brulee. -Coleslaw is fine.-Mac and cheese good.-Corn bread pretty good. Perfect texture, but too sweet.-Fried chicken got rave reviews from my friend, but I didn't try it. I'm even picker about that than barbeque!-Cocktails were extra good.Barbeque sauce is such a regional preference you can't make everyone happy. So I'll just stay quiet on that subject.Last note - its a barbeque place, which isn't a mecca for vegetarians. Don't try taking any here, they only have 3 things on the menu for them. Mac and cheese, corn bread, and coleslaw.
5	A very very good BBQ place I ordered the brisket which was completely on point ! Tender fresh and full of authentic BBQ flavor!! Also had the Mac and cheese  which was very good as well! I lovedThe set up its simple and to the point and gives u a BBQ feel!! Staff if very niceAnd for 10$ u get a full meal incl a drink
4	Quite good. Not the best BBQ I've ever had, but definitely the most pricey (then again its all quite pricey). Had an awesome drink whose name I can't recall and the portions were quite large. I'd prefer a bit less gristle on the meat but was overall pleased and despite two of us sharing a meal we still had leftovers for lunch. THe Mac and cheese is ridiculously huge, enough for a meal on its own.
4	Excellent southern food. The pork shoulder was super tender, almost falling apart. The mac and cheese is thick and cheesy. The ribs are dry rub ribs. Though I prefer saucy ribs, these still tasted great and were fairly tender. The fried chicken was also pretty good, but not amazing.
4	So, one thing the same, and the rest?  Upgraded (and a bumped-up review!)- I think the ribs are still tough and chewy; not to my taste, although friends rave about them.  (I strongly prefer YinzBurgh BBQ on this one.)- the rest of the menu?  well tuned; the pork shoulder is the best in the city, and a friend vouches strongly for the chicken as well.  Still weird they don't put in any place to hang your coat in the wintertime; the fit and finish here is still bizarre to me.
5	I loved the atmosphere of the place as soon as I walked it, had a very rustic feel with the picnic tables.  Our waiter was friendly and very helpful to us.  It was also a pleasant suprise that we were there during some kind of happy hour and we got half off our meals.  I was very happy with the sides.  A lot of BBQ place I have been the sides were never very good but their sides were great!  Had mac n cheese and the greens, delicious!  An the main event of the meat, ribs/brisket, were yummy!  I loved how this place had the sauce with the vinegar, my favorite kind of BBQ!  I can't wait to come back and try the fried chicken, which I hear is very good.
4	Good BBQ place in Pittsburgh.Ribs - Juicy, meaty, flavorful, deliciousPork Shoulder - Little bit tough and dry, didn't really like this oneBrisket - Tender and juicyPork Belly - Fatty, salty, goodnessCornbread - Nice texture, very butteryMac and Cheese - Lots of cheese, can't go wrong with ordering thisInside is a little bit dark and you come out smelling like BBQ but still worth it.
4	This looks like a "Hipster" place-which puts me on the defensive almost immediately. The barren room, communal tables, and minimalist menu are all flags that ring the alarm bells in my noggin-shouting "you'd better either show me somethin' I ain't seen before, or you better be DAMNED good at what you do".As much as I mistrust Hipster places, there is usually one point of solace for these jernts, and that's the fact there will always be esoteric booze/brew choices on the Carte.  Pig and Chicken did not disappoint.I drink Rye Whiskey, and in my short time in Pittsburgh I had noticed a local something called "Wigle White Rye", which was my pre-prandial quaff. It was an un-aged Rye-in other words, legal moonshine. I dig Grappa, Marc and such; so the high-octane whallop of a white booze was not a shock. The flavors were unique and provoking. OK Pig and Chicken, You have my attention.I ordered a combo plate of Ribs, Pork Shoulder and Fried Chicken. The dish came with no sides, and I let the meat be the star.The platter came, and it was a bare metal rectangle on a wood base. There was a red and white checked paper highlight, matching the decor on the far wall. Visual appeal: very good. The Chicken was yummy with a crunchy, tasty crust. I was out to have a good time, not to analyze, so I don't have a clue how to describe what the Chix tasted like, beyond "very very good". Round one, so far, so good.The Ribs were meaty with a great great dry rub. Spicy but not too hot. Stripped right off the bone, and not too fatty. Mouth happy.The Pork was really fine. NOT overtly fatty  as BBQ pork can be. A fine flavorful meat.Three out of three. Not bad, not bad at all.There were two sauces on the table-a "trad" sauce and a Vinegar-pepper "mop" sauce.. Both quite good, although truth be told, the meat didn't NEED either.There was a BUNCH of food, and I left most of the Chicken Breast, and the dregs of the Pork on the plate. (Didn't take it with me, 'cos I had an early morning call). I made sure to tell the waitress the food left on my plate was there 'cos I was full and not dissatsified. Sometimes You can't judge a book by its cover. I think the interior designer was a hipster. The Chef de Cuisine truly had some talent. I never thought that I'd find great Q in Pittsburgh (of all places). As I was a guest, I had no input to where we dined. I might have passed this place by, due to my hipster aversion-but I was pleasantly, pleasantly surprised.A great feed, by all counts...
2	My family decided to check out Union Pig & Chicken for fathers day since my Dad loves BBQ. My fiance and I are also BBQ foodies - we probably eat more BBQ than anything else, so we were excited to try a new place. When we arrived I immediately fell in love with the interior decor. Although it is a bit dark, which is usually a crime to me, the beautiful "reclaimed" look of the walls really did it for me. The smells were wonderful and the food at everyones tables looked amazingly appetizing. That is about where I stopped enjoying the place though. I ordered the 2 meat combo with Ribs and Brisket. My fiance ordered the Pork shoulder sandwich. We added an order of half fried chicken. Our sides were coleslaw, potato salad, and we each had a piece of cornbread. We figured that would be a good "tour" of the menu. When the food arrived it looked wonderful. I'm not a fan of the metal lunch tray that it was served on (it felt too "fast-food" like to me), but the appearance of the food itself was quite appetizing. I tried to brisket first and was shocked at how dry and salty it was. I ended up only eating a few bites because it was so salty and the dry rub on it had burnt to a crisp during the cooking process leaving a flavor and what had the texture of charred season salt behind. My plan was to hide this with the BBQ sauce so I then tasted it. It was "mheh".  It had a strong flavor of alcohol in it which I initially mistook for beer but found out later that it was whiskey. I'm not a fan of whiskey or bourbon BBQ sauce, and that was the ONLY option. Call me spoiled, but I think BBQ joints should offer more than one sauce. Throw a little Carolina in there, or a smoky sweet sauce, or something!  But this sauce tasted like (in order), Alcohol (whiskey), vinegar, paprika, salt, then had a sweet BBQ finish. I ended up not using any. My ribs were dry rubbed and charred. They were a little dry. BBQ sauce would have made up for it, but I didn't have any. The amount of meat on the bones was average. The fried chicken was the highlight of the meal. It was cooked properly and moist. The breading was crispy and tasty. It wasn't as salty as everything else. I am glad we decided to order the chicken because it was really the only thing that I enjoyed. The potato salad was just okay. It had a lot of herbs in it but was somehow almost bland. It was a mustard/vinegar based dressing with dill and maybe parsley in it. It was also served luke warm, which probably didn't help. I ended up taking it home and eating the left overs the next day and it was much better - which means it probably hadn't sat long enough to let the flavors meld and really compliment each other. It was also colder coming out of my fridge. The corn bread was a hot mess. It was overdone, dry, and hard. It tasted like they used an entire stick of butter to make one piece... which made me wonder if we had a bad batch and rather than toss it they just basted it with butter to try to salvage it and served it anyhow. I would never have served that in my restaurant.My Fiance said his pork shoulder sandwich was just okay. It was served on half of a sub (hoagie) bun - nothing fancy there. The pork shoulder was "too fatty" according to him. He doesn't like fatty pieces left on his meat, so any fat would have bothered him. I also tried my sisters greens. They, again, were just okay. Very vinegary - and not much of a ham or bacon taste. Maybe they're vegetarian. I also tried the mac and cheese and that was THE best dish of everything. Possibly the best mac and cheese I've ever had (although I don't eat mac and cheese very often - maybe once a year). The coleslaw was really good as well - but it was just your standard cole slaw. Kind of reminded me of Kentucky Fried Chicken's slaw.Service was pretty good - timely and polite. The prices were a little extreme - but that is only because the food was sub par. I'd gladly pay those prices for BBQ that was a little better. We likely won't be returning to Union Pig and Chicken. Archie's BBQ in McHenry, Maryland (Deep Creek) reigns supreme as our favorite BBQ joint.
5	The brisket is so good it made me question my atheism.  The mac 'n cheese is also killer.
4	I thought the meat was outstanding. my rib meat was falling off the bone. the only issue I had was that there was only one veggie side offered, greens. it would have been nice if something like a salad, green beans, or corn was offered.
5	I would highly recommend dining at Union Pig and Chicken. The atmosphere is unbelievable. There is something to say about the community tables that create a community vibe. The service was wonderful and I can't say anything more about how fall off the bone delicious the brisket and shoulder were. The homemade sauces should be sold in a store.A highlight. I didn't hate the drink I ordered, but it wasn't my favorite. My boyfriend was going to finish the drink because he liked it, and I decided to order something else. Our waiter gave me half off my second drink because as he said, "it sucks to get something you don't like."5 stars. I'd definitely go back.
3	I have been to the bar upstairs (Harvard and Highland) many times, but I tried the food for the first time last night. Overall, it was ok but I wouldn't make the trip for just the food again. A friend and I sampled the brisket, pork and ribs. The brisket had the texture of a wet sponge - far too tender and if you didn't order brisket, you wouldn't even know that it was beef to when the cooking process began. The pork had some unique flavor, but wasn't the best I've ever had (had better off a friends smoker). Overall, I liked the ribs the most - good flavor and just about the right amount of tenderness. The cornbread was crappy - you could make better with a box of mix off a shelf. A couple of friends ordered the fried chicken and mac & cheese - I got a small sample of both - I would say both were the best two items I sampled. Also - I think the prices of the food are a bit steep - usually BBQ give you so much food that you feel like a glutton - now I'm not looking to eat that much at any time, but I feel like you are paying for the name (and name of the chef - that being said I have been to some of his other places and I do enjoy them) rather than for high quality BBQ. The atmosphere is cool, but honestly I would rather eat BBQ at a small shack with crappy plastic chairs - just seems to fit the foot better. Overall, its it good - not really - its it ok - sure - but for my BBQ desires, I'll grab food from Pittsburgh BBQ company and eat on a picnic table instead.
5	I'm from down south and recently moved to the frigid, bbq-less north. I've had North Carolina style, Memphis dry rub, and St. Louis style ribs. Union Pig and Chicken simply has great bbq. The brisket is flavorful and tender. I was hesitant getting any pork that wasn't pulled pork, but they actually won me over. It is wonderful to have a great bbq joint in my neighborhood. Good homesick food.The atmosphere is also a lot of fun. Long community tables make a unique community dining experience. The staff is friendly and attentive. I highly recommend this Pittsburgh gem of a restaurant.
3	We had heard so much about this place and how it was a "must try" so it was with great expectations that we settled in for a late lunch. The advantage of a "late" lunch is that the crowds are gone and you typically have better service! And so it was - good service, table to ourselves, peaceful meal. I love good brisket and was super excited to order theirs - the description with the whole grain mustard and smoked brisket had my mouth watering ahead of time. But first, a beer. The only IPA on tap was Dogfishhead 60 minutes, which I don't like at all. So I made an alternate selectionBrisket sandwich arrived with a side of cole slaw (which was quite good!) and I munched down. Now, while the brisket was incredibly tender (good sign!) I found the portion size to be underwhelming. There should have been more meat on that sandwich. I was looking for that delightful smoky flavor in each bite but, alas, I found none. None. Also looked for those burnt ends or charred pieces hoping to catch a little crunch...Nope, not there either. There was also not a single condiment (like PEPPER!) around. So a bit disappointed I just finished my beer and got my check. My draft beer was $6 which I thought was a bit high. It was a decent lunch and I will probably go back to give it another shot.The communal bathroom arrangement isn't for everyone and my wife hated it. She had the untimely misfortune to go in after 2 construction workers had been in there. Let's just say they were not the most careful and considerate guys around.
3	This is one of those restaurants I wish I could give 3 1/2 stars to because I was seriously torn between a 3 & 4 star review. We went to lunch earlier this week here and I was really excited to eat here after all the hype it's received. Our service was awesome, the lunch special was very reasonably priced and the beer choices were ok, not stellar, but we each found something that worked for us. The beef brisket sandwich I ordered (hubby got the same thing) was the most tender I've ever been served with a decent amount of smokey flavor. I was excited that I could cut the beef with my fork and the toasted bun was pretty good & held up to the sandwich without giving way halfway through. The issue was there was no bark at all on the edges. One of the things I enjoy most about beef brisket is that little crunch and all the flavor on the edges from the rub. Nada here - where the heck was it? Also what I thought I saw on the brisket upon delivery was a sweet section of burnt end on the bottom, which I saved for last because I do love a good burnt end on the brisket. What I got was only charred fat on the end, no meat. Boooo! I'm not a novice at this, I know brisket gets its flavor from the fat melting into it as it smokes and I pulled a few pieces of fat off my brisket without even blinking but, I was really looking forward to that end crunch and I got deprived of the goody I was hoping for. The cole slaw gets happy points from me. It was tasty and I ate every bit of it. I've seen a lot of people say it's sour which I certainly don't agree with. It was a really nice compliment to my brisket sandwich. And now the less than happy finish.....the unisex bathrooms. YUCK!!! Let's just say that 50% of your customers are female and none of us find a lid up or wet floor decoration acceptable. Fix this or risk pissing off (pun intended) 1/2 your customers. And that's what took that 3 1/2 to a 3 vs the 4 star review your food probably deserves.
3	Stopped in for a quick bite to satisfy the BBQ gods in my stomach.  The atmosphere was a little intimidating - open floor plan, community tables, and no service staff in sight.  The menu is pretty sparse and unconventional for your average BBQ joint. I went with the pork sandwich (thinking it would be pulled pork) and had an awkward moment when the waitress asked if I wanted mustard, mayo, and onions (huh?). She explained it was cubed pork, but very soft.By this time I'm nervous.This BBQ sandwich was well-seasoned, good smoke flavor, and such a succulent texture.  In fact, the balance between flavor and texture was so outrageous that it was a shame to put sauce on such incredible meat.  But I did anyway because the BBQ gods needed a sacrifice.  And it was fantastic!!
3	it's nice to have a BBQ place that serves beer in our area. and it's open late which is awesome. Mac and cheese is awesome and so is the cornbread. fast friendly service. the BBQ sauce was a bit salty but very good all-around.
4	Great BBQ in the 'burgh!  Pork and brisket were great, fried chicken was ok.  Mac and cheese and greens were also good!  Pretty big lunch portions...
4	I've been here twice and both times I entered the building, I had to stand at the door for a good 5 minutes before anyone acknowledged us and gave us a seat.  A simple "seat yourself" sign would sure help that uncomfortable feeling!  First time was brunch which is a fixed menu of chicken and waffles.  As my first experience with the combo, it was great!  It came with mac and cheese (good, but nothing awesome) and greens (decent, but not an expert).Second time we ordered the 3 meat combo to share between the two of us and added on a side order of baked beans.  The combo came with pork shoulder (amazing!), brisket, (favorite one when you got an actual piece of meat, ours was 95% fat) and ribs (least favorite, lots of little bits of bone/cartilage).  The baked beans had 'hot dog' or some sort of sausage in them and were SO good; broiled on top so some of the sugars caramelized.  The menu isn't huge and the 3 meat platter was plenty for the 2 of us.  Go check them out!
5	Today I experienced a true travesty. On the quest for the fabled chicken and waffles, we woke up early on a Sunday, dressed in haste, and shot down Highland Avenue to Union to be there by opening at 10. No strangers to brunch crowds and with a busy day ahead, we wanted to be seated before the hordes poured in. An hour later, so full and happy I could hardly roll out of there, we were the only people in the place. What?! All the reviews for the barbecue were stellar, but one extremely important element has been woefully neglected: the chicken and waffles. People. CHICKEN AND WAFFLES. And not from anywhere, from Union Chicken- the fried chicken is so good it's in the name. I used to live in Nashville and this chicken can stand beside my favorite southern style. And the waffle- OH. With real maple syrup? I can't even. But that's not all. It's served with oven-baked mac and cheese, with the crispy cheese topping and gooey inside, and a hefty serving of greens- lots of kale and vinegar, perfect to re-awaken the palate before the next bite of crispy chicken and crispy outside, soft inside waffles. Side all that with a Bloody Mary that's more solid than liquid (kalmata olives??) and Zeke's coffee, both with a hint of smokiness necessary in a barbecue restaurant and I simply can't think of how to make the experience any better. And of course, our service was perfect with no competing tables. There should be a line out the door on Sunday mornings. Maybe that's just more for us.
5	The real deal. Hands down best barbecue I've ever had and I'm from the south.  Mouth-melting brisket, cornbread and heirloom tomato salad.  Casual and laid-back, yet clean and eclectic venue.  Friendly staff, reasonable prices and portions.  Just a real swell place.  WHEN WILL I BE BACK?
4	This is a pretty good BBQ place near our house. In terms of the food, here's my experience:Brisket - Great! I'm usually not a beef BBQ fan, but this is my favorite item on the menu. The spice rub is great and adds a nice crust. Very tender and tasty.Ribs - Good. Overall pretty tasty although sometimes a little bland. Adding one of their sauces helps. Generally cooked to perfect tenderness.Pork - Okay. It's not exactly pulled pork, and you often get big chunks of fat. I recommend a pass on this item.Smoked wings - Surprisingly good! Even plain these wings are tasty! Since I can't have the sauces I haven't tried those.Chicken - Good. My wife loves the chicken. I've had a bite here or there and it is definitely tasty and generally cooked just right, never dried out.The sides are nothing to write home about. The cornbread does tend to be a little dry even by cornbread standards. The collard greens are my favorite, thanks to the addition of bacon.The decor is very simple but I think it is a modern take on a traditional BBQ joint. Definitely not a dive but probably not a great date place.We definitely keep coming back here for the food. Not the best BBQ I ever had, but it is good to have a decent BBQ place close by.
4	Union Pig & Chicken has some of the best BBQ that I've found in Pittsburgh. The brisket is soft and falls apart with a fork, although some of the pieces can be overly fatty. Every time I've been the service has been decent, but slow. Union is also a surprsingly good place to go for lunch, The sandwiches they serve are delicious. One last note, definitely get the mac & cheese. It's that good.
4	I'll give it to Union Pig and Chicken (or Union Pickin and Chig...  for some reason I get tongue tied on it), they know their BBQ and cocktails.I had my apprehension as most of Sousa's joints are love-it or hate-it, but luckily, this joint left me happy as can be.The wife and I went over lunch, and ordered two lunch specials (sandwich, side, and drink).  We actually gave up the drink as the only options were soft drinks (which we stay away form).  The pulled pork and brisket sandwiches were solid...  it's been awhile since I've had that good of a comprehensive BBQ handheld experience (usually it's great BBQ on a standard bagged bun...  you don't get that here).The mac and cheese is deadly, but unfortunately, the cornbread left a TON to be desired (entirely too dry/bland).We actually ate up at Harvard & Highland (the craft cocktail bar upstairs), which offers some great cocktails (but pricey, just like the food).  Definitely check out the DRAFT coffee and cocktails they have for a unique experience (carbonated iced coffee...  delicious).
5	I was raised on fried chicken and BBQ in the south and take this food very seriously. So much so that I feel a tear form when I hear someone mention BBQ chicken (get real people, its grilled chicken with BBQ sauce on it and has nothing to do with the slow cooked delicacy other than a dip in some spicy ketchup) or a chicken nugget (one of the greatest scams ever orchestrated: no bones, no dark meat, no grease, no taste; can you say fried waste product). I am thus highly skeptical when confronted with an establishment located north of the Mason-Dixon purporting to specialize in the cuisine of my homeland. Union Pig & Chicken demands respect for absolutely amazing fried chicken and a pork BBQ that provides a moment of sweet southern comfort in a world gone mad.The fried chicken is served in whole or 1/2 chickens, as the lord intended, and for the uninitiated this can be a bit daunting. To clarify: There are eight pieces of fried chicken in a bird. This means that  more health conscious consumer may wish to split a 1/2 chicken with another person. The fried chicken is perfect by all metrics of the southern palate and deserves to be eaten with your hands.The pork BBQ sandwich is a very respectable rendition of the classic. The BBQ is true to form having been cooked for an obscene amount of time under low heat and smoke to produce a melt-in-your-mouth wonder. Although I found the sauce on the table a bit weak, the pork stood on its own (the hallmark of good BBQ) and required no such amendment. I haven't tried the beef BBQ offerings or the ribs but will do so on my next visit. If the rest of their fare is any indication, I will not be disappointed.Sides were enjoyable standards with no surprises. The draft beer list provides a rotating selection of a half-dozen great beers in differing style rather than seeking to overwhelm, something I appreciate. The cocktail menu piqued my interest in the lounge upstairs, Harvard & Highland, and I was impressed to find a whiskey list that lends as much respect to a good bourbon or rye as to a good scotch. Cheerwine, the sickly sweet soda pop from the Carolinas, makes an appearance on the menu and pairs perfectly with fried chicken and BBQ for the nostalgic. The decor is interesting but not remarkable or unique in terms of a BBQ joint as most of those I patronized in my youth had similar communal seating arrangements.Union Pig & Chicken is an asset to the Pittsburgh restaurant scene. Unlike one of Sousa's more refined intentions (Salt of the Earth) which tend to underwhelm-efforts to create something new misguided by following the trends of America's culinary capitals- the Union focuses on perfecting well-worn territory. These are dishes that many make and very few make well. The Union is firmly in the latter camp; well worth a visit.
5	I love this place. The barbq is out of this world and the atmosphere is also amazing.  I suggest you get a 1/4 pound of a cuple of there meets but make sure one of them is the ribs they are out of thIs world and the best ribs I have ever had.
4	Union Pig and Chicken is pretty good. Not a place I'd rave about but good. We came in on a Monday night for dinner. Their restaurant has four long tables with benches. Each table could sit about 16 people. It wasn't very busy on the night we went but I imagine that setup could be a little awkward when it gets really busy. I like the idea though. They no longer have combos on their dinner menu. They serve all their items a la carte. Chicken, ribs, brisket, pork, and tofu are all available in different sizes with a wide selection of southern sides. For a place called Pig & Chicken they have a surprising amount of vegetarian options. We tried their brisket, bbq chicken, and ribs, as well as their mac and cheese, greens, and cornbread. Overall their meats are wonderfully cooked and tasty but their bbq sauce has something to be desired. They should either work on the recipe or provide more than one sauce. Their mac and cheese was very good but could have used some additional spice. The greens were okay but had too much vinegar. The cornbread was very good despite being overly buttery and crumbly. I'd give the food a B. Pretty good but room for improvement.Overall it was a good experience and I would go again. They had wonderful service and all the food came quickly.
5	Had the fried chicken last night. Off the hook. Great job. The ribs were also tender. Greens were good and the slaw tasty. Only the Mac n cheese left a little to be desired probably because it was take out (kinda dry)   Will stop here more often.
5	After hearing about chicken and waffles Sunday I had to see it for myself. The chicken was cooked to perfection. The waffle was alright but what made the meal was the Mac and cheese. It had a browned top and when you broke into it and felt the cheesiness. Delicious !!!
4	I'm originally from south of the Mason-Dixon, and I'm no stranger to incredible barbecue. My expectations here were pretty high, given the great reviews I'd heard. However, their barbecue was delicious - smoky, tender chicken, fall-off-the-bone beef ribs...great mixed drinks. You can't get better barbecue within an hour of Pittsburgh. Rub elbows with the young and fabulous at their shared tables downstairs, or enjoy the intimate single-family tables upstairs. My one criticism - their barbecue sauce was not as amazing as their meats! It's good, just not incredible. I tried all three options, and none was the sweet, savory, smoky flavor I had been dreaming of.
5	Chicken and waffle brunch. Absolutely ridiculous! Perfect waffle with a breast and leg of fried chicken. I covered mine in the syrup. Boyfriend dipped between syrup and the delicious gravy. Couldn't really dig into the mac & cheese or greens it came with but that's only because I was so full. This is seriously my favorite brunch now. BBQ is good too but Sunday takes the cake. I was shocked we had no wait. BBQ wise- love the pork shoulder and both types of chicken. Sides- greens, slaw, potato salad, brussels are all good depending on what's on the menu. I had stopped ordering the mac but it seems improved from the last I had it. But really though. Go get brunch. Sundays only. So. Good.
5	I visited after lunch and it was empty. Being from Texas we have great BBQ restaurants and places that do great fried chicken but I have never been to one that does both as good as they do. I had ribs, brisket, fried chicken, and the mac-n-cheese. All excellent! Staff was friendly and service was good. Looking forward to going back. Thanks June & Jay for the recommendation.
2	The location is easy to find however the food leaves a lot to be desired. Mac and cheese although very appealing to the eye and cheesy, taste is quite bland. The greens taste like canned Glory greens with a hint of vinegar. And most importantly  the prices charged differ from those listed on their website. Although the price discrepancy was brought to the attention of the owners, we were still charged $6 more than the advertised prices. Not good business practice, kinda gave me the feeling of the old bait and switch. Overall will most likely not return.
1	Hipster bbq joint. Anyone who knows and loves true barbeque....this is not your place.
2	I'm on the fence with this place.  It's sort of hit and miss.  The first time I was there, I wasn't impressed.   The second time they had changed the menu and I really liked it.  Pork belly lettuce wraps were amazing.   The last time I was there, the menu changed again, but for the worse IMO.  The consistent aspect is that it's expensive.  $6 for 2 rib bones is pretty ridiculous.  And they're not even that great.  Salty, dry, and a mediocre amount of meat.  They come unsauced, but the issue is that they don't provide a good sauce to use.  I can make a better sauce than they have.  Other items include:Mac and Cheese: Good and packs a kick, but too much wasabi.Wings: Undercooked!   Grilled wings can be awesome, but these were underdone.  If the fat hasn't rendered out of the skin, they're not done yet!Brisket: One of the best items on the menu.  But you don't get much.Pork: Very tasty, and in cubes rather than pulled/shredded/chopped.Fried chicken: Good, but pretty nondescript.  It's fried chicken.  Nothing more, nothing less.BBQ chicken: Pretty good, but dry.Venue-wise, it's a box that amplifies sound.  If it's busy, it'll be loud.  Upstairs at Harvard & Highland is pretty cool, though.   Beer is expensive unless there's a special.  Coctails are awesome.
4	The Meaty Mac is the best mac and cheese I've ever had! Fun cocktails, too. Our waitress seemed very judgmental though.
4	I had the brisket and Mac n cheese. Both were great. This is the best Mac n cheese that I've ever had. It was baked and had a crispy burnt layer of cheese on top which I loved. Was a little sad that there was not an option for baked beans as a side. Also I ordered the Jack's hard cider - I would highly advise against it because it tastes like dog food and the after taste is even worse.
5	This is one of my favorite places in the city. I almost always get the brisket and all but once in 15 or so times it has been fall-apart-in-your-mouth good. Same with the pork shoulder. Haven't tried the other meats yet.  Collards are good (bacon).  It's maybe a shade more expensive than other bbq places, but I also like the design of the place. Still wish they'd listen to me and serve fried okra!
3	The food is always good enough, but the service here was once again pretty horrible. Not horrible in a horrible way but horrible in a slow way. As a tip, order two drinks at once, the waiter will not be back anytime soon.....even though I do enjoy the general setup I cannot continue to give a way so much of my time.
4	cool spot.  good bbq.  went for brunch with a group of friends.  inexpensive bottomless mimosas and excellent food.  simple design of the menu and decor but tastefully done.  The upstairs is big enough that you could easily throw a party.
4	Great brisket (also in steak and eggs for brunch), and pretty delicious ribs (though they tend to be hit or miss). I also like their brussels sprouts! Plus, you can order any drink from Harvard & Highland.
2	Place looks really nice inside, food wasn't nearly as good. We ordered brisket, half a fried chicken, pork shoulder, and mac&cheese. I got a Mexican Coke for a beverage and it was warm. The brisket was tasty, but was mostly fat. The fried chicken wasn't bad, but was pretty standard. Mac and cheese wasn't my thing either. The pork was the best item we had that night, but it was also pretty fatty. The dry rub and sauce both tasted exactly like McCormick Grill Mates Memphis Dry rub. My girlfriend hated the place, I thought it wasn't bad but we both agreed was definitely overpriced.
5	Being a southerner I know good BBQ. Finding good BBQ in the north has been a challenge til now. Union Pig and Chicken is outstanding!  We had the brisket, chicken, Mac and cheese, and cheese grits. EVERY bite of it was DELICIOUS!!!  My husband has never been a fan if cheese grits until he had the ones here. The portions are big-even if you are a hearty eater. The wait staff is very nice. We will definitely be back to try to ribs.
2	Pittsburgh, oh Pittsburgh. Union Pig & Chicken is a great try at Southern Style food, but it just falls short. The cornbread was too dry and really sweet (which I tend to favor, but this was too much) and the mac & cheese could have been better, it was too gritty for my taste. The chicken however was quite good, but not worth what I paid for it considering the mediocre side dishes. Another gripe I had was that there was no one there to seat us. We waited for 3-5 minutes, then just decided to seat ourselves, then waited another 6 minutes for a waitress to come over, even after I had caught her eye, she didn't come over. That really annoys me more than anything. You should be on top of seating people at the minimum. I'll probably give it a second try, but I honestly wasn't impressed. I would rather drive the 8 hours down to Asheville and eat in a gas station BBQ. Sorry guys.
4	My wife, beautiful and intelligent, surprised me with a birthday dinner at Union Pig & Chicken (henceforth the reason she's beautiful and intelligent). I heard a lot of buzz about this place, and it lived up to the hype. First off, the drink menu is great. Lots of creative drinks, including alcohol mixed with beer. They also have real cane sodas. We went with another couple, so we strategically tried a little bit if everything. The fried chicken was crispy and thick battered, and my breast meat was juicy- mmm.  The brisket was so tender you could cut it with a napkin- well roasted and not too heavy in the spices. We also had the pulled pork which was juicy and tender. For sides we did the Mac and cheese (yum), cheesy grits (yum yum), red cabbage (yum yum yum) Brussels spot ours roasted with bacon (yum yum yum yum), and a big slab of cornbread (yum yum yum yum - wait, how many yums am I up to?- yum).Frankly, everything I put in my mouth was amazing, including the banana pudding and Irish coffee we had for dessert. So good!My only complaint is that they only had one kind of BBQ sauce on the table- some if the meat would have been better with different kinds of sauce, or at least something a bit less pedestrian. Also, if you go in the winter, make sure you're as far away from the door as possible- there was nothing between us and the 29 degrees outside when people went in and out. Don't be chicken- go pig out! (did you like that pun?)
3	Union Pig & Chicken is a good try on Southern food in Pittsburgh, located in a neighborhood that some call up-and-coming.Atmosphere - quirky and lively. Long, wooden tables and benches. Minimalistic, modern design, gives you a cool vibe. Food menu - they keep it simple. BBQ chicken, fried chicken, pork shoulder, ribs, but that's all you need. Cornbread, mac&cheese, sole slaw, beans or greens on the side. Drinks menu - awesome. Perfect for Whishkey-lovers with a variety of Whiskey-based drinks, a tasty addition to the solid beer selection and nonalcoholic drinks. They serve Mexican Coke - my favorite (I'm easy to please).I can see why people like this place, and if you dig the food, definitely try it out. I'd come back for the Mexican Coke and the Whiskey. Maybe together?
4	Happened to drive by and decided to eat there and needless to say it was amazing. The brisket was melt in your mouth deliciousness and the mac and cheese was gone shortly after I got it! I was a little upset with my cornbread, it was a bit to dry, but other than that it was great!It was also very nice having a server that didn't have to constantly ask the chefs questions. He knew the menu very well and he was quite friendly!  I'll definitely be going back!
5	I realized a few weeks ago that I hadn't been here in nearly a year and a half. So I had to get there immediately.I ordered the pork sandwich from the lunch menu. It came on soft, delicious bread with equally delicious whole grain mustard and red onions. The pork wasn't pulled, like I expected, but the chunks of pork that came on it melted right apart in my mouth. The barbecue sauce is self serve from bottles on the communal tables, so there's no problem with mess (unless that's your style, of course). So the sandwich was fantastic, basically. I just wish the cornbread I got as a side had lived up to the sandwich. It could have used just a little more sweetness.I also had some of their house made rock and rye to drink. I had the Wild Turkey infused with pineapple and black pepper. Its sweetness and spiciness were a great counterpart to the barbecue, and it was a great finish to the meal.The atmosphere is great and the staff is friendly. The price point isn't bad either. Get here.
5	Another great restaurant from the Salt of the Earth crew. Different style of food, but still communal seating. Fantastic brisket, cornbread, and whiskey drinks from Harvard/Highland upstairs.
2	I don't really get how people can think this is somewhere amazing, it's really only alright. The food is good, yeah, but not for the price. It's way too expensive.It's be ok for treating yourself once in a while or for going to lunch with friends but it's not somewhere I'd make a habit of frequenting. The beer-hall style seating is a bit weird as well, I know a lot of people are into it but it's not really my sort of thing.
4	I had put off trying this restaurant due to the mixed reviews and the doubtful possibility there was quality BBQ in Pittsburgh having been so badly disapointed repeatedly.  I ordered 1/4 pound pork, 1/4 pound ribs and greens.  1/4 pound ribs were 2 bones, very small but very meaty.  I will say that this is the most expensive BBQ I have ever had anywhere in the country without a doubt.  The ribs and pork have a nice dry rub.  BBQ is never spicy and this isn't either, thankfully.  It doesn't come out sauced, another blessing.  The sauce on the table is nice and complements the rub.  It's a little fruity and tangy breaking up the richness of the pork.  Please watch the char.  Burnt isn't good food.  Seriously!  The pork was succulent, there was lots of fat melting in my mouth and making me wish there was more.  I got the end piece of the rib rack but it was still fairly moist.  I wish there was more but I was already at $15 so I wasn't going to order anything else for lunch.  The greens were spot on.  Very nicely done and the portion size (for the greens) was ok. The place isn't much to look at.  The service was friendly.  I don't know if it's ever going to be 5 stars for me but I will definitely be back to try it again.I went back!  Took Miriam just a few days later and it was exactly the same.  A good sign.  This time, in addition, I tried the brussel sprouts and they were delicious.  Bring a friend or 3.  If you order more food, the price gets cheaper.  So a 1/2 pound is less than  2 portions of a 1/4 pound for example and you can save money if you share.  It's still expensive but you can do a bit better with some planning.
2	Small portions compared to price!! Even the drinks were expensive and very small. Also the waitress were completely absent minded.
4	Great bbq. It has been a while since I have been here but I would love to go back again and get the brisket sandwich (the cheapest dish on the menu - but probably the tastiest). Very juicy brisket. The sides were great.The place is massive somehow. The upstairs has a pool table in the back with a jukebox - when we went no one was around upstairs so we just chilled by the pool table.The meat mac and cheese is also absolutely wonderful.I believe they only do speciality cocktails, which was OK but a bit priced high. The entrees are also a bit pricey but hell for that good bbq, I wouldn't mind paying every once in a while
2	Decent food. We were greeted by a very nice hostess, but our waitress seemed bothered to by our presence. We were seated next to patrons who gushed over how good the food was. When our waitress came we had some questions and she was very curt. She never asked if wanted anything to drink and we ordered wings as an appetizer and she put the wings on the plate with our entree. We would probably come back for the food but wanted this establishment to know that service is part of the eating experience.
4	Although barbecue in the northern part of these United States is still hit or miss, I tried Union Pig on the advice of my husband, who went here without me (!) on his first visit. He is knowledgeable on the topic of barbecue, and even pickier than I am, and he deemed it worthy of another visit. Together we write a barbecue blog and spend some of the winter months in the southeastern U.S., always on the hunt for both the latest barbecue and long standing local favorites. So while we're not exactly experts on the subject, we've gnawed our way through many a rack of ribs.  And I have to say, after sampling the offerings here, that it's pretty darn good. The ribs especially were satisfying... tender, meaty and well smoked, with a nice rub and a sauce served on the side that complements the meat very well. We also shared some of the pork, which I hesitate to describe as pulled or chopped, as it's prepared in larger than bite sized cubes. This was a little weird to me, as I've never in my travels seen pork shoulder done this way, but it was good, so I'm not going to complain too much. The collard greens were nicely prepared, if a tad bit spicy...that's another thing I have a hard time getting over; Southerners don't really do spicy when it comes to barbecue, either the meat or the sides, so I find it off putting. But I'm splitting hairs here, as the greens were good. All in all, Union Pig is good eats, and I think we have another visit planned for later in the week. I will agree with the other folks here who were a bit shocked at the prices. This is the most I've ever spent on barbecue. Maybe if they had a little more competition for smoked meats of this quality in the area...who knows?
3	Ok, I am not supposed to be writing this review right now (or listening to Salt n Pepa) but I just feel the need! The brisket was great! Not too fatty, thin cuts dry rubbed with great spices, but not too dry! The BBQ sauce was good, mac and cheese was good cabbage was good, and most importantly, it wasn't too pricey, which was one of my main worries. Some people do consider it pricey, but I am saying for Pittsburgh, capital of new American expensive food--I could get a meal there for $10 (1/4 pound of brisket plus mac and cheese) and be ok. No it's not the six buck sandwiches I got at Fat Matt's in Atlanta, but what is here? Show me and I will go! And, for vegetarians, don't be deterred by the name, you can get the sides--cornbread, cabbage, mac and cheese, which are not too small and if you get two or three, you should be fine! If you don't eat the red meats or the chicken, there is a shrimp and grits dish and of course for all you freaks, they have tofu so you can pretend you are having as good of a meal as I did.
4	Stopped for lunch today. Had the special of your choice of sandwich & a side or a piece of chicken & side including a soft drink for 10.95. Just delicious. I had the chicken BarBQ sandwich with Mac & cheese and my spouse had the chicken breast with the brussels sprouts done with a maple type glaze. Really tasty.  The portion side was generous can't see why others aren't pleased with them.
5	Went here for restaurant week. I was not disappointed. It was definitely busy. We decided to take advantage of the special menu with the drink pairings. First course was roasted red pepper soup with pork. O.M.G.  The peppers were smokey, and it was just the right amount of heat. I ate every drop!  Second course was the pork belly with seafood and then cornbread. The pork belly was cooked perfectly and melted in your mouth. The cornbread was warm and soft. If it was socially acceptable to like the plate, I would have. Third and final course was roasted duck with potatoes and Brussel sprouts. The duck had delicious gravy and searing. I loved every bite. My only complaint about this course was that the Brussel sprouts were a little greasy. I love me some Brussel sprouts, so this was disappointing. The restaurant itself is cute and I like how they have the long table, which promote socialization. Service was fast and friendly. I will definitely be coming back here and trying the regular menu.
5	Absolutely delicious BBQ and a great atmosphere. I had 1/2 lb of Ribs, Mac n cheese and bacon Brussels - I would definitely recommend Union Pig and Chicken and I can't wait to return for brunch! I hear it's fantastic!
5	I had lunch here today - great atmosphere in a shitty part of town.  Yes, it's up and coming and neat (East Lib), but it's still the ghetto.  Regardless, I'd eat at this joint all day every day.  I love the barn feel and the shared benches...feels like I'm eating legit baroque.  Yes...they really smoke food out back.  The beer selection is decent...could be bigger...I get why it's not.  They're a local company...if you're a Pittsburgher it's worth a bite
3	I ordered food to-go this past Saturday night.  Over the phone, I was told my order would be ready in twenty minutes- so I sowed up in exactly twenty minutes only to have to wait another fifteen uncomfortable minutes.  Nearly double the wait time.. Not a terrific start, but OK, I get it, it's Saturday night and they are busy.  I'm still not certain if the hostess was "all business" or just "plain rude"..  Heck, a little communication and even a fake smile could have helped.Now the food.  I ordered a whole fried chicken, 1/2 pound of brisket and two orders of macaroni and cheese.  The fried chicken was the star of the show, moist, crispy and full of flavor.  The brisket was also very very good, and they even packed all the different sauces to-go, very nice.  Not all kudos however.  The Mac and Cheese was a major disappointment.  Sadly, contrary to others reviews here of the Mac and cheese, this one was bad.  The macaroni were over cooked, very mushy texture.  And the cheese?  Where is it?  Certainly not in this dish.  Despite being yellow in color, there was not enough cheese in this dish to rightly call it macaroni AND cheese.  It was devoid of flavor and mushy- and embarrassment to this classic.  I had better from a box, and I'm not laying on the snark here, it's the truth.They lost one star for the mediocre to-go service, and another one for the worst Mac and Cheese I've ever had the misfortune to order out.  With a menu as small/limited as UnionPig and Chicken, every item should be excellent..
1	Weirdest dining experience ever. I thought it was just me until we left and my husband said that he was really uncomfortable the entire time we were there. Food: I'm from the south and can tell you honestly that this is not southern food. It's okay for what it is, but it isn't southern. The brisket was amazing. Hands down absolutely delish. The sides were lacking somewhat. The "cornbread" was soaked in oil and tasted like fried carrot cake. Cole slaw was decent as were the greens.Service: So weird. The low star count is 100% because of the service. We felt like we were bothering the servers somehow. We had two servers so we never knew who was doing what. Part of our order was missing, and when I asked for it, the server acted annoyed. Our drink order was never taken either so we had to ask for those too. The servers didn't seem to care, or even be listening, to us.  When we asked the male server for our check, he honestly huffed and just said, "Sure" with a sigh. A few seconds later he plopped it down on front in us without a word and walked off. It wasn't a busy night either. There were only 4 tables between the two servers.In the future, we will probably order the brisket for take-out (and make our own sides at home), but because of the Twilight Zone service, we will never dine-in again.
4	The food was very good. All was clean we ate on the first level. The hosts seemed bothered by us coming in although there were only two other people in the place. She never mentioned the upstairs.The waitress, while sort of pleasant, was disinterested at best. I do not like that they have the nerve to "round" the check; in my case up.To make it a better experience I would respectfully suggest they re-train the hostess and waitress. They should make five people feel welcome not intrusive. Train the waitress to actually explain the menu options as if they care that you understand the options. Let me know you "round" don't surprise me.Yes I will return they deserve a second and maybe third look. Let's get East Liberty back on track to a growth area like it once was...pre developer (destroyer) Bob Pease.
5	Fantastic barbecue, brussles sprouts that will change the minds of non sprout eaters...this place is just as good as it gets....do not miss the fried chicken, which is easily the best in the Burgh.The bar upstairs, Harvard and Highland, is wonderful and has taken to hosting comedy shows...great times to be had.
2	I got takeout. Full rack of ribs, full order of fried chicken.  Greens, and mac n' cheese. None of it was great. Ribs were pretty average. Fried chicken was pretty average. Mac and Cheese was definitely pretty average to below average if you know anything about good mac in cheese. Greens were not very good. The St. Louis style sauce is the only thing unique about what they do, and that's not exceptional for what it is either. The place was meh at best.The service people were nice. I'll give them that.
1	Wanted to try this place for awhile I should have waited longer. Ordered a sangria which was horrid.  We then had to wait over 45 minutes for our meals. My wife and I both had the 1/4 chicken dark meat, we also had the pork and brisket. Everything was so dry it was inedible. They offered to take it back but after already waiting so long we were late for our show. The Mac and cheese tasted like over cooked noodles in paste. To top it all off our waitress was very  aloof about everything.
1	Utterly disappointed by the entire experience! Beware. We had a party of 7, checking the website in advance, we saw that they take "limited reservations," whatever that means. So, we decided it meant it was worth a shot to just show up. Nope. No exaggeration, it took 2 hours and 45 minutes for us to get seated! ALMOST THREE HOURS. What's more, we kept seeing empty seats and dining sections that stayed empty for ages...when asked about them, the host said they were reserved. Isn't there an applicable rule where if your full party isn't present at the time of your reservation, you lose that seating? Where is the logic in denying people who are present and prepared to patronize your establishment  in favor of others who, after 10 minutes late, aren't even guaranteed they'll show?! We kept being told "maybe 15 or 20 more minutes," over and over...just enough so that we'd find ourselves dropping more money upstairs for another round. Maybe they do that on purpose so you spend more?! When we finally got seated, we enjoyed the food, but to be honest, we would've enjoyed a piece of cardboard at that point.
4	This was our first time checking this place out, and I'm so glad we finally did!  The brisket and asparagus with smoked sauce were terrific!  Only negative to the evening was being seated at our table without notice given to the server who took care of us (wonderfully once he knew we were there!)  But we did sit for almost a half hour without anyone noticing us.  Will definitely be back for the food!
2	Less than impressed...the food was hit or miss. Mac and cheese was decent, BBQ chicken was dry, and the cocktail was delicious. The upstairs bar was really crowded and took a LONG time to be served. I loved the concept, but it just didn't completely deliver.
5	I was in the mood for some BBQ and my brother told me about this place.  It did not disappoint me at all.  We had the pork, ribs, brisket, habanero wings, & the meaty mac.  All of these were perfect.  I could not find one flaw in anything.  Everything was so tender and cooked to perfection.  Take an hour and try this place out.
4	We ordered a fried chicken and a half for 4 adults, and it was a good amount. They said the sides are single serving sizes so we ordered several, but when the food arrived the sides were large enough to easily split between 2 people. We will definitely be back.
4	The food was very tasty, our waiter was outstanding. I wood go back. Only concern was how loud the place is. No cross table conversations. My ears were ringing when we stepped outside. I wish the could be changed...
4	Came here on a Saturday night with 2 friends for a late dinner. My friend got the Meaty Mac n Cheese, which she absolutely loved. She also got a side of cabbage- I tried it and liked it.My other friend and I shared a half pound of fried chicken. It was good. We also split the mac n cheese and some cornbread. I wasn't crazy about the cornbread, but I did like the mac n cheese.Can't remember the drink that my friend got, but it had tequila in it- and my other friend and I each got a beer that was from Slippery Rock, PA- it was good!Our waiter was attentive, but he was pretty crass, haha.I'd definitely go back.
3	Meh... It was just ok. The food looked better than it tasted :-/  I had the BBQ chicken, greens, and mac & cheese. I would give it another try, but order other items from the menu. Aside from that, the service and atmosphere were great!
4	I am so confused by the reviews for Union Pig & Chicken.  So so confused.  Maybe when they're crowded this place gets crazy, but my friend and I came in the first time on a Friday for lunch and were the only people by the end of our meal.  We loved it, and we've been back multiple times since!  The bar upstairs' service is soooo slow and practically non-existent.  But the communal tables downstairs usually have great service.First, our server our first trip made the experience.  I WISH I could remember her name because she was awesome.  She was from Texas, and she had gone to school for art and did some singing.  Girl needs a promotion because she was one of the best servers I've ever had.  We've had one other server who was really cool as well.  Very friendly.Union Pig & Chicken has a lunch special where you can get one of the sandwiches with a drink and side for the same price as just the sandwich.  Obviously a steal.  I got the Shrimp Po Bo Sandwich ($12), and it was so tasty.  I cannot wait to go have another.  My friend and I split the mac and cheese side ($4) which was fanstastic.  It was super cheesey, and the portion was huge.  I could have eaten just that for a meal and been happy.  We also tried the cornbread ($3) and coleslaw ($4).  My cornbread was crazy buttery and not dry at all, but the piece was really small.  The coleslaw was good but it had onions.  Blergh.  The sweet tea that came with my meal was great too.The Meaty Mac ($9) is delicious as well.  It was different but delicious.  However, if you take it home, eat it quickly!  The taste keeps getting stronger and stronger as it sits longer.The atmosphere is weird.  The ground floor is half surrounded by glass windows and half really dark, and there are communal tables.  There is also a bar area upstairs.  The communal tables would be fun with more people around.My friend and I keep planning to come in and try the drink specials.  The lunch deal is great, and I think it's a steal for the quality of the food.  I think the dinner rates are a bit overpriced, but nowhere is perfect.
5	oh mah gawd, epic meat time. Maybe its because we're slightly BBQ deprived in Holland, but this place was seriously awesome. so much so, that we ordered a second helping of the brisket, (to make it 3 helpings) on top of all the other meat we scarfed down. Brisket, chicken, ribs, plus mac n cheese, potato salad and beans. Craft beers. and WHOOPIE PIES?! seriously, I would eat here everyday if we lived in Pittsburgh. Great service, great price. Great great great.
5	Absolutely delicious. First time I went I tonight it was Closed on a Tuesday at 8pm but they were open and I missed out. I've been back twice since. Mac and cheese is good. I recommend sitting upstairs since the acoustics are a bit poor in there with echoes.
1	Only have been there once, but it was probably the worst service I've ever had anywhere.  Normally I'd look past this sort of thing, but I also thought the food was pretty mediocre for the price.
3	Bench seating,  young friendly staff. Will review food once I get itOK, the food was delicious, but vastly overpriced for the amount you got. With tip I spent $50 on what some BBQ fans would consider a light lunch for 2 ! Don't go unless it's to impress a date or a customer and you can expense it !Because of cost and the size of portions alone, I'll never return !
2	Below average, overpriced, unwelcoming.I have been meaning to try this place since it opened. My boyfriend is from North Carolina and loves BBQ so I've been trying to find him a place in Pittsburgh he might enjoy. We got takeout - brisket sandwich, 1/4 fried chicken, meaty Mac, and coleslaw. We found everything to be underwhelming. The brisket was average- it was tender but I've had better.  The fried chicken was salty.  The meaty Mac would have been better without the blue cheese.  I ate it by picking out meat chunks and the crispy cheese on top. The coleslaw was good, and by far our favorite part of the meal. That should say enough. Price was $35 for all of the above. As far as service, the waitress seemed uninterested in us. There were only three other guests in the downstairs of the restaurant.
3	Still looking for good barbecue around Pittsburgh. This place had looked overpriced, but there was a Groupon for it, so we decided to give it a try.The ribs were really good and had a great rub on them, but $19 for less than a full rack is a lot to pay. The pork was really good as well but not what I would really consider barbecue. Meaty mac and cheese was interesting, but I wouldn't get it again for $9. A big group came end near the end of our meal, so it took a long time to get our check and pay. Overall, the meal was good, but I would not want to pay full price. I'll stick with Selma's whenever I'm out by the airport.
2	We went on a Thursday night and had a groupon. The restaurant was busy so we placed a to go order and took a walk, we were told it would be ready in 25-30 mins. When we went back it wasn't ready and it took close to an hour. The hostess was sweet and very apologetic. The guy who appeared to be the manager was so frazzled by being busy that he looked like he was going to cry.    We ordered 1lb. Of pork and 1lb. Of ribs, mac and cheese, and cornbread.  The portions were small for the price. We happen to have a food scale so before we ate we weighed the meats since the sell by the pound. Both were less than a pound, the ribs were almost 1/4 lb less!!! $19 for 3/4 lb of ribs??? That's ridiculous. I do have to say the meats were very good. The mac and cheese tasted like stoffers(sp?) And the cornbread was dry and over baked.    I would never return without a groupon.  We have been told to try Hog Father's in Canonsburg.
1	The lady that greeted me at the door has been the best part of my experience.  I've been waiting here for about 30 or 40 minutes for a 1/2 pound of brisket. Isn't this meat that has already been cooked!? The only reason why I'm still here is because the brisket is for my mother. The person who I believe is the manager or owner has yet to apologize. On top of that he has been in the back laughing, joking and drinking beer I believe. He should be lending a hand to his overwhelmed employees.  I will not be back I don't care how good the brisket maybe!!!
3	It was okay. Just okay. Meat was cooked well and sides were okay. Two couples with standard meals plus dessert split a check for near $100 each couple. Not worth it.
4	Meat, meat, meat!  I haven't had such delicious meat since moving to Pittsburgh in January.   The menu is full of wonderful options, and luckily the waitress was friendly and accommodating to our many questions about portion sizes and flavor.  I ordered the fried chicken, brisket, and pork shoulder.  The shoulder was my favorite, but all had a flavorful dry rub and were cooked to perfection.  The Meaty Mac and Cheese was as advertised -- meaty -- and cheesy to boot.  I would order this again in a heartbeat.  The waitress offered to alter the recipe (remove the wasabi or blu cheese if I wanted), but i recommend you don't alter a thing!  The other sides I has (cornbread and coleslaw) were only just okay, and could have been from KFC or Costco had I closed my eyes.  i wish I had ordered the red cabbage instead -- next time, since there will definitely be a next time!Mostly, this restaurant did not receive 5 stars because of the atmosphere.  The downstairs was dark and pretty bland.  The upstairs was a little better with big windows and a bar, but overall just ......
5	Absolutely the best BBQ I've ever had. The brisket and the ribs are incredible! Please don't forget the corn bread and coleslaw. I've lived in Virginia for a few year and loved the BBQ there but this place blows any place in VA out of the water.
5	I love this place! Soul food done the way it should be. They also host a monthly comedy show called Unplanned Comedy Live. It's a monologue based improv show that has local celebrities as guest monologists. Great venue, great food/drinks, great service!
4	While I realize this may not be the most authentic BBQ in town, it's certainly delicious--and as a foodie, that's all I care about!  I came here in Nov. and ordered the fried chicken and mac and cheese.  The fried chicken was solid--very crispy, juicy, and flavorful.  The mac and cheese was very good, as well--nice and creamy and cheesy, making it one of the better versions I've sampled in PGH (rating: 8.5/10).  I washed them down with a mint julep Red Ribbon soda, whose understated sweetness complemented them perfectly.  I also tried some of my dining companion's pork shoulder, which I found flavorfully savory and to have a tender texture.  Service was decent, and I liked the community seating arrangement.  My one complaint is that it's pricey for BBQ, esp. compared to other options in PGH.
5	Went tonight after casbah was packed with empty tables waiting for reservations......    glad we came, we were able to go right in and had excellent service.    The food is awesome.    I am not a huge BBQ person.....   well I guess I am not a sweet BBQ loaded with grease person.   This is not that.    they have long smoked meat that you can order single or family style.   The pork and fried chicken were my favorite, which is usually the dishes I never order.   The ribs were OK but I didn't like the tub on them.   Mac and cheese was good complete with gooey baked cheese on top.    My only criticism is that it is extremely loud which makes it hard to talk.....    upstairs is said to be better which we may try next time.
3	I recently went back to the Union Pig and Chicken for their brisket because they ran out the first time I went. I made a reservation ahead of time so my friends and I wouldn't have to wait and were seated upstairs. Since we had a Groupon, we wanted to try as many of their selections as possible. For their meats, I ordered their brisket, pork, and fried chicken. The fried chicken did not disappoint but the brisket and pork were not done well. There was a thick layer of charred meat that was not appetizing at all. I understand that there needs to be a smoke ring on meat but our brisket and pork were burnt to the point it tasted like cigarettes. Although their bbq disappointed us, their other selections redeemed themselves. Their manh me sandwich was phenominal. It had the perfect combination of fatty pork belly, chicken liver pate, and picked vegetables. I plan on going back one last time to see if there is a cooking inconsistency. I will update when I do!
4	First thing, the fried chicken is amazing. It is so amazing, it is the only main dish I've ever ordered. The sides are very good, but the fried chicken is where it is at. Just amazing. The sauces they include definitely complement the meal.I typically go here early or get take out. The place gets busy and loud.While dining in, I've found the cocktails to be excellent.  I like balanced cocktails and they seem to do a good job. Not too sweet, not too boozy.The long shared tables are a nice touch. I enjoy the opportunity to potentially meet new people.
2	This is my second visit to Union Pig and Chicken.  We came back because 6 months ago the food was great.  This trip was very different.  The meaty mac had so much wusabi  in it that it was all you tasted. The brisket looked as if it had been sliced on a slicer then reheated on a griddle because you couldn't see any smoke ring and the color of the interior meat didn't look like a piece of meat cut off a brisket (I live in Texas and know what brisket should look like). There was a lot of fat on the brisket also which is good for flavor but at their prices I would like meat.  On the positive side the coleslaw was very good, along with the ribs.
4	Went last night--wanted to go for about a year, so really looking forward to it.  We were not disappointed!  It started with the smoked meat smell outside, ahh!  Hubby and son had the brisket and meaty mac and cheese. Brisket cooked perfectly and Mac and cheese was heavenly, you could really taste the wasabi and Gorgonzola.  I had the chicken--it was cooked perfectly, greens and potato salad.  All I can say is delish!  Prices are really on par with a trendy city restaurant, I don't think it was outrageously priced.  Atmosphere upstairs was a bit noisy--lots of talking and loud music--but nothing to cushion the sound. That would be my only complaint. Abigail, our waitress was knowledgable, attentive and friendly'!  We will be back!
5	I guess the haters are gonna hate, but I couldn't find anything that  I didn't like about this place.  We made a reservation because I was nervous after seeing some of the long wait times in previous reviews.  We breezed right in and got a table for four upstairs (rather than the communal seating downstairs.)  Water came instantly.  I ordered a Pera Mula, the bar's spin on a Moscow Mule.  Really tasty, smoky from the mescal and tart from the lime.  Nice pour and great color in a tin cup.  Nice. Had a Groupon to burn through and went back and forth with my eating partner about what to order so that we could take full advantage of our Groupon.  Ended up with a TON of food for $40.  A pound of ribs (perfection under a dry rub), a 1/2 pound of brisket (melt in your mouth perfection), a 1/2 pound of pork (OMG perfection) plus two sides of mac and cheese and a slab of cornbread as big as a slice of pie.  I can't figure out why others are complaining about portion sizes.  The mac and cheese was a full cup baked in a ramekin and was very good, with a nice crust on top.  The cornbread was good too, and got better( and more buttery!) the closer you got to the crust. Two different sauces were on the table, a sweet barbecue and a vinegar.  The BBQ was good (didn't try the vinegar, just kept using the BBQ).  Borrowed a hot (HOT!) sauce form the table next to us and it was so tasty we kept it!  (They got another.)  I will go back.  I'd like to go back now.
2	Lunch portions are decent because they come with fries and a drink for around $10. Order brisket at dinner and you're getting three thin slices of brisket on a plate for around $20.   Order your sides separate. F that. Leave this place for the metro hipsters. If you think this is decent BBQ, you've never had BBQ. It's the norm; prob get similar at Golden Corral!   The comedy club upstairs is really cool!
1	I have been wanting to try Union Pig & Chicken for months now.  I had high expectations because I have been to Station Street Hot Dogs countless times, and have always received great service along with a good meal.  So I expected the same from Union, unfortunately It ended up being the worst restaurant experience of my life.  My girlfriend and I went in around 8:00 on a Thursday night, It took about 10 minutes for a host to come up and give us a table,  I should have known that the rest of the night would be a lot worse.  After ordering, my girlfriend and I sat and waited, and waited, and waited some more.  Wondering what was going on we tried to get the attention of a waitress to no avail.  All the waitresses seemed much too busy running food upstairs to Harvard & Highland to stop and give us any explanation.  We noticed that we weren't the only ones not receiving our food, a group of 4 sat down after us and quickly asked how long we had been waiting for food, the answer was 50 minutes.  At this point my girlfriend and I both knew that we would never enjoy the food no matter how good it may have been after waiting that long, so we got up and left, and that was the best decision we made all night.  I will never return to this establishment.  Kevin Sousa should have started a Kickstarter Campaign to help save this restaurant, not open another one.
4	This was my first time here had a groupon so went w a friend for a birthday dinner. We got a variety of stuff to try some we both never been here we got the ribs, fried chicken, brisket, pork, Mac and cheese, greens, and corn bread.First of all the sweet tea was good just the way I like it :) as for the food the brisket was a little dry and the rub they used was a bit salty for my taste but it was ok. The ribs were juicy and tasty but again the rub was a little to salty again. The greens were decent more vinegary then what I'm used too. As for the Pork it was delicious I absolutely loved it esp with there vinegar based sauce (don't even bother with the so called BBQ sauce on the table was glorified ketchup and neither of us liked it at all). The Mac and cheese was awesome nice warm and gooey cheese can't go wrong. The corn bread was perfect. But outlet overall fav was the fried chicken we absolutely loved it!! I would go back for that alone maybe the Sunday brunch from 10 to 3 they have chicken and waffles :)
1	I'm reading some of the other reviews and thinking "Was I at the same place as these people?"  (Note to some of the other reviewers:  If you think this is real - or good - BBQ, you need to travel more.  Much more.)I wanted to try a few things so I ordered the 1/4 pound of brisket and 1/4 pound of pork with greens for my side.  Greens were ok.  nothing special at all.  The meat selections were disgusting.  First, the two very small slices of brisket   I know what brisket is supposed to look and taste like - what they served looked like meatloaf and were the greasiest pieces of meat I have EVER HAD, which cancelled out any hint of smokiness.  Second, the pork cubes - again a very small portion - were also greasy and not really seasoned much.Also it was Sunday evening and not crowded but still it took 40 minutes to get our food. For the amount of food they serve for the price, I was expecting something WAY better.  Skip it.
5	There was nothing I disliked about this place. The sangria was half off, the fried chicken was outstanding, the brisket perfectly tender, the pork squares incredible, coleslaw, Mac and cheese, and heirloom tomato salad. I have not one complaint. Our server was sassy and fabulous and guided us through the menu and never steered us wrong. To top it off the banana infused Jameson (and I'm not a whiskey fan) was outstanding. It was like drinking Bananas foster. Thanks for a great evening!
1	I LOVE BBQ. I've been dying to try Union Pig & Chicken for a while now; the man and I finally stopped by today. We walked in and were ignored. We asked if we should seat ourselves and were told to go upstairs for more intimate seating... we did. Excited, we ordered 1/4 lb of ribs, 1/2 lb chicken, and baked beans. I was pleased that we had the option to select white or dark meat. Cook time was fast at 3 o'clock on a Sunday afternoon, and we received our food within 10 minutes. After reading reviews, I was prepared for dry rub and BBQ sauces on the table. I didn't realize there was only one BBQ sauce option, and it was DISGUSTING.The ribs were extremely tough and impossible to cut, remove from the bone, even chew. Chicken was moist and tasty, sans sauce. Beans were cooked in the same horrible sauce, so I didn't care for them. Total bill came to $22 and some change, which was reasonable, if not inexpensive, for the portion sizes. So, the food wasn't for us, but at least we got to enjoy the atmosphere... WRONG! "Baby it's Cold Outside" and other Christmas tunes were playing on the radio. It's July 27. Christmas in July, maybe? Needless to say, I will not be returning to Union Pig & Chicken. I had higher hopes for Kevin Sousa...
2	I love BBQ and after hearing about this place on Yelp and in local media, I had to check it out.  Unfortunately, it was disappointing from the beginning to the end.  I made a reservation for a group of 11 about two weeks before the dinner.  The day of, I called several hours before to decrease the reservation from 11 people to 7 people.  The girl on the phone was very confused about what I wanted to do and after a long awkward pause and an uncomfortable phone conversation, I felt like MAYBE we had the reservation I wanted.  Upon arrival, we let the hostess know we were there and after clearing up that we were a party of 7 for a 6pm reservation, NOT a party of 6 for a 7pm reservation, we finally had a seat.The server that greeted our table was friendly and cheerful, but upon request of splitting the check into 3 parties said they were unable to do 3 checks but could accomodate 2 checks.  We requested two checks.  We ordered our food, and after 45 minutes waiting with no bread or any sort of thing to nibble on, our food finally arrived.  It was mediocre at best.  The best item was the fried chicken.  Very flavorful and not dry or overly greasy.  I had the Brisket Sandwich which was very scant with the meat and very overbearing with the bread.  The piece of brisket was about the size of an extra thick piece of bacon plus a few milimeters served on a huge, bready hoagie roll.  The bread was all you could taste and the meat was totally lost.  Even after taking the sliver of meat off the bun and eating it, with both of the sauces available on the table, I was less than impressed.  The strength of a BBQ place is in its meats and if you slack in the meat department, no matter how good your Mac and Cheese is you're not going to succeed.  The mac and cheese was good, not amazing.  The cornbread was super dry on the edges and bland.  No butter served with the cornbread either which I thought was super weird.  The have two sauces available on the table, one a thick more traditional BBQ sauce and one a chili infused vinegar sauce.  The thicker sauce was no more memorable than the Kraft variety at the grocery store, and the vinegar was nothing remarkable as well.  We ended the meal with whoopie pies, a chocolate one filled with marshmallow icing and a salted caramel one.  I only tried the chocolate one which was decent, a little dry, but the icing was nice and creamy and not overly sweet.They do have a nice beer selection, and actually had a good special of $3 bottles of Great Lakes Dortmunder Gold the day we were there. I'll get more into that later...When the check arrived, the two checks were actually just one check.  After attempting to divide the check between the three parties, it was noted that the beers were not charged as $3 but as $5 each.  Our waitress was nowhere to be found, so another waitress was able to correct this.  She said they had been charging that price all day and no one had noticed it.  Good thing to know...  We then had to divide our check up again amongst three parties, now with the correct pricing.  Upon complaining to the waitress that they should be able to split checks since it accounts for tax and the 20% gratuity that had been automatically added, she said it gets too complicated and even if three people walk in, checks are never split amongst those three people.  I'm sorry but in this day and age, restaurants have great computer systems and I've been places where 25 people get 25 checks.  It just leaves a bad taste in the patron's mouth to end the meal with a calculator and a stack of bills or credit cards.The decor was picnic which was cute for a BBQ place with high ceilings, but the amount of echo was incredible. The place was about half full and was so loud you couldn't talk to someone unless they were right next to you.  Oh and the front window is broken with a piece of wood covering it.  Seems like it's going to be there a while too since they've actually painted a design on the front of it.Long story short...totally overrated, overpriced BBQ with a difficult setup if you plan on bringing a group of people.
5	Tthis is literally the best food I've ever eaten. Our dinner was spectacular in every way.We made a reservation for 9pm on a Saturday and the restaurant wasn't too crowded but I'm glad we made a reservation regardless. No wait at all. We were seated at the far end of one of their little picnic tables. It was surprisingly intimate for shared tables. Our waitress, Rachel, was fast, lovely, and extremely helpful. She saw how interested we were in the table sauces and brought us a spicy pepper sauce without prompting. The food came quickly, and, per Rachel's suggestion, we put the apple vinegar sauce on the Brisket and it melted in my mouth. Not an exaggeration. It was orgasmic. The mac and cheese was creamy with a thick layer of melted cheese on top. The ribs pulled apart with no effort and the habanero sauce gave my mouth a satisfying tingle without burning too intensely. I was left stuffed and happy.I went here initially because of a groupon, but I will return again and again because the food is soooooo damn good. Plus the friendly staff and cool atmosphere. The best. I wish I could give it 6 out of 5 stars. Or maybe 7. :)
3	I'm conflicted about this place. When we walked in, we stood around for around five minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. While there is a stand by the front door, there was no one who seemed to be stationed there.Once we were seated, we were able to order our beers - which were very tasty! I had the Erie Railbender and my boyfriend had the East End Big Hop. Those beers came fairly quickly.The food took a very long time. We probably waited around half an hour for our food. The food was pretty good. I liked it, but it was definitely very salty. All the food is a la carte, so even though the individual prices are low, you need to get a few items to put together an entire meal.I was planning to order another beer, but our waitress never came back to talk to us until we were finished with the food.It sort of felt like there were not enough employees working. We saw multiple people standing around waiting for someone to help them. It didn't seem like anyone was assigned to seat customers, because each waitress would ask if someone had helped whoever was standing there yet.Overall, I liked the food and would go back if someone else *really* wanted to, but I don't think I would go on my own.
1	Do you like flies (Not just fruit flies but house flies, a lot of them)? Do you like big oppressively noisy rooms (seriously guys, get some acoustic treatment)? Do you like flavorless meat, sandy cornbread and watered down barbecue sauce?Then this is the place for you, enjoy!
4	Well let's just start off by saying it's restaurant week so I expected them to be busy. Service was not up to my standard for this casual type of place. But it was also the servers 2nd day. Well food took about an hour but was wellllllllll worth the wait. Ribs were fall of the bone and the sauce went well with it. Brisket was my fav! Sliced thick and had nice smoke ring. BBQ chic was good but my family loved ther fries chick. We had all the sides too. Potato salad is mustard based. Loved it! Coleslaw is standard. Best was the cornbread. I didn't get a chance to venture to the upstairs bar and lounge due to a college reunion. But I heard they serve a full menu. The room is really loud and has a terrible echo and now that I'm back home writing this review I didn't realize how my ears hurt. Haha. The seating is not my fav but does create a different mood. We also felt that something was just missing from the decor. It needs some artwork. I'll end on this.... Loved the BBQ. Probably gonna be a great place to do takeout!!!!!!!
3	The ribs were ok but $20 for 8 pieces of baby back ribs seemed a bit too expensive. May try again just something different. The vinyl selection was great upstairs.
1	Anything you order, it takes 35 minutes...if you really want to waste your time. Stop by
3	Probably 3 1/2 stars...  We had the habanero wings as an appetizer.  Nice heat to them, but what we couldn't get over was the moistness of the meat!  They must be brining their wings, but whatever they're doing, they should continue!We ordered prudently, sticking with 1/4 lb. portions, but next time it will gave to be upped to 1/2!  We tried the ribs (fell off the bone--I saw other reviews here stating otherwise, but on this visit, the ribs were perfect).  Also tried the pork and the brisket, which were both pretty awesome.  The greens were nice and vinegary.  I want to go back and try some more of their sides.On the downside:  dessert.  Neither of us are big on desserts, but we thought we'd give it a try here.  Funnel cake topped with local peach slices was good, but on the small side.  Whoopie pie was...meh.  Didn't like that cream filling at all!  A little grainy, a little too sweet.Also:  we ate upstairs.  Nice room, nice big windows, but little to no air conditioning on a very hot evening!  We were both schvitzing, even before having the habanero wings!  And yes, numerous house flies, which were distracting and of course, kind of gross.Our server was a sweetie, nice, knowledgeable and attentive.  Food did seem to take a little longer than if should have to arrive, but my impression in observing the room was that it was a kitchen thing, not a server thing.All that said, we will definitely go back for more :-)
3	Usually when I think of a great BBQ place, I want it to be a hole in the wall with a big pit in the back that you can smell from blocks away.  Do not go here expecting that.  Starting off with cocktails, as always, I ordered the smokey white russian, and to be honest I tasted no smoke.  So I ended up just paying more for a white russian, I wonder how much a normal white russian is in comparison to the "named" cocktail on the menu?  I still drank it up though.  The worst part about ordering drinks there is that the bar is upstairs, and it took a long time for our drinks to come.  We definitely would've ordered another round of cocktails during dinner if they would've been there quicker.  After my unsmoked white russian I did get a draft beer from their list, and it was tasty.  I cast a wide net when I ordered here, since you order by the quarter/half/whole pound I wanted to try everything (except tofu).  I ordered the ribs, pork, fried chicken, and brisket.  I thought the pork, fried chicken and brisket were all excellent.  The pork and brisket were so tender that at times you had trouble picking them up, and the fried chicken was moist and the breading was light and crisp.  The ribs were sub-par I thought.  They were a little tough and thoroughly unspectacular.   I also wasn't a huge fan of their BBQ sauce on the table.  I like more of a thick tangy sauce, and theirs was watery and sweet. For sides we got the heirloom tomato salad, the mac and cheese and a piece of cornbread.  They were all very good, and we enjoyed them all.  I would recommend splitting pieces of cornbread between two people, as they are pretty large.  For dessert I had a terrible time choosing between whoopy pies and the funnel cake.  The local peaches with honey on the funnel cake is what sold me, however I think I choose poorly.  It might be because my only real exposure to funnel cake is at Kennywood or the occasional fair, but I was expecting a big plate of funnel cake.  Instead I got just a little bit of funnel cake that looked rather sad in the middle of a big plate.   They did taste good however, I mean it's fried dough, powdered sugar, peaches and honey, tough to mess that up.  Overall I would go back, I would not order ribs again, but stick with the other 3 items and you should be good to go.  The decor was simple, clean and inviting, and our server was very good.
4	My trip to Union Pig & Chicken was long overdue, but when a groupon arrived and reminded me that this was on my "must try" list, I was on it.We were seated upstairs and I was immediately intrigued by the fact that I was standing in a BBQ joint, yet the decor told me I was somewhere else.  I don't mean this in a bad way..it was upscale, tasteful, kind of minimalist.  The recycled-plastic outdoor wood pseudo picnic tables were a neat touch.  You know, that plasticky faux wood they use at newer playgrounds to make park benches and stuff.  Pretty cool.Beer selection was very good, including some Pittsburgh brews on tap and a neat looking specialty drink list.  We stuck with beer, but I'd come back to try a specialty drink.Our waitress was excellent and sat down with us for a few minutes to go over the menu options and provide some recommendations.  We decided to split a smattering of items to get the full effect.1.  Fried Chicken (white meat) - delicious. tender, juicy, all those good adjectives one would use to describe excellent fried chicken.  They have a lunch special on this and if I worked closer to East Lib I'd be all over it.  $8 for 2 pieces of chicken, a drink, and a side.  That's a killer deal for this quality.2. Brisket - a little slab of goodness.  It was very tasty - served like a little slice of meatloaf of steak, but fork-tender and pulls apart, with a nice little crust on the outside.  It was good with bbq sauce, good with the Carolina style vinegar, and good by itself.  Mmmm3.  Pork Shoulder - don't get freaked out that it's served in "cubes".  The pork was fantastic.  I think I liked this better than the brisket.  It was probably my favorite.  I mixed the bbq sauce with a little of the habanero sauce for this.  I could eat a full pound of this straight up... no sides. 4.  Mac & Cheese - good not great.  Cheesy and rich, for sure, but needed a little salt and pepper, of which there was none at the table.  Not bad, but I wouldn't fill up on this instead of other things.5.  Cornbread - best cornbread I've ever had.  My wife almost ordered a second piece to go.  "It tastes like cake!", she exclaimed with glee.  It was really, really good and quite dense.  Not dry like many other cornbreads I've had.  $3 for a slice is a bit steep though.Overall, we were both really impressed with the food and enjoyed the atmosphere.  To be clear - this isn't the kind of bbq place that's all about the sauce.  They don't have a plethora of sauce options.  This place is about the meat.  The sauce is a compliment to it, not a cover-up for it.  You're getting a supermodel with a little blush, not a back-alley hag covered with maybelline. I'm docking 1-star only due to price.  Not that the food wasn't excellent, but for some reason I have a hard time looking at the bill and realizing that it would have cost the same to eat at many other upscale places, but instead I got BBQ.  Damn good BBQ no doubt, but I don't know if the "upscale bbq" thing adds enough for me to warrant the extra bills or enough to make me choose this over other restaurants for my next date night.I will say this - I was really happy to finally eat somewhere where they clearly wipe down the bbq sauce bottles at the table.  You have no idea how much bbq bottle crust ruins a meal before it even starts.
3	I heard from a friend that this place was the best BBQ joint in the burgh- so of course, I had to try it. When I looked at the menu online I noticed how insanely expensive everything was so I waited it out.. And what do you know? They went on groupon! Woo! We came here around 8pm on a Thursday night, the place was not very busy. The have four rather long picnic style tables that fill the dinning area on the first floor- pretty awesome and set the mood for some BBQ. There were also minimal decorations and no tv in sight- which I loved, the boyfriend did not. There was a party going on upstairs and the staff seemed pretty busy running up and down the stairs. We were served water and it took about eight minutes before a server came to the table. I ordered the heirloom tomato salad, coleslaw, Mac and cheese and half a rack of ribs. The boyfriend got baked beans, potato salad and their brisket sandwich. We waited 30 minutes for the food. Having said that- they seemed very busy with the upstairs party and short staffed. The food was delicious! I loved the coleslaw- slightly vinegary but with just the right amount of sweetness and there were little red onions in it (I love red onions). The Mac and cheese wasn't anything spectacular but it was pretty awesome as well- cheesy gooey goodness! The heirloom tomato salad was pretty good- cucumbers, fresh herbs, red onions and yellow, green and red heirlooms.. Nothing special but refreshing amongst all of the starches and fatty foods that were in front of me haha. The ribs had a crust on them like I have never seen before- which I loved.. But they did not fall apart in the way that I had hoped they would. My boyfriend said they were the best ribs he has ever had- I think they were average (especially after experiencing cowboy BBQ at rib fest this past weekend). The baked beans were very different. I honestly can't decide if I love them or not. They had such a unique smoky type flavor that I never had in baked beans before. Again, the boyfriend said they were the best baked beans he has ever had. The potato salad was good- mustard based with small scallions and dill. Nothing super crazy. The beef brisket sandwich was amazing- mustard, red onions and brisket- but that's all that was necessary. My boyfriend added coleslaw to the sandwich which was super tasty too! Overall, minus one star for the overpriced menu ($27 for $40 worth of food- the groupon was the way to go)! And minus one star for the longer wait for food. It was absolutely not the staffs fault - they were running around like crazy (the staff was awesome and very friendly). Despite not receiving 5 stars I would still return- with maybe more people to split the food. We didn't finish any of the sides and definitely  could have split them with more people. Overall- good experience :).
1	Ok, who actually knows the south & barbecue?  I lived in Texas and can tell you honestly that this food is average at best.  Small portions, questionable sauces, high prices and by far, by FAR the slowest service I've had.  This is fried chicken and barbecue... No reason it should take 20+ minutes from your order to getting your food.  Save your TIME and money... Go elsewhere.
3	Definitely not for non meat eaters. We went for brunch so I just ordered some egg dish - I can't even remember what it was. However everyone else ordered chicken and waffles, mac and cheese and greens and was raving about it. That's all I have to say about that!
5	Some of the best bbq in Pgh. Only place my southern husband will eat bbq. Even the in-laws agree.
5	So industrial chic, this place. Service is good and the food is great. The ribs are great (flavorful, smokey, tender, a little sweet), chicken is moist, cornbread is the drier type which I don't prefer but I know others like their cornbread like that. The mac & cheese is really good, but should get it there for dine-in, because the cheese gets crispy and bubbly. We did takeout once and the mac and cheese tasted so meh having sat in its styrofoam container for the ride home. Plenty of seating on the main and 2nd level.
2	Bought a groupon for this place and was really looking forward to trying it. Boy, was I disappointed! We walked in just before noon. The first floor seats were less than half full and it took several minutes for us to be seated. Once seated, it took the waiter 10 more minutes to take our order. We didn't get our bottled beers for more than 35 minutes after we walked in the door. Once we got our meals, they were only mediocre at best. I have made better BBQ in my backyard.I am actually sorry we spent our money here...
5	Excellent food (fried chicken, pork, beefy mac, and banh mi are delicious), good cocktails/beers, and the service is always good too. It's definitely refreshing to see more BBQ places in the area with sauce on the side, and their sauces are very good.I also highly recommend them for catering - very easy to work with, reasonably priced, and they make A+ handmade lemonade with whatever fruit, herb, etc added.
2	I've been here three times now and sadly each time had been worse than the last. I went last night, for the last time, because I had a groupon. We ordered BBQ chicken, ribs, greens, cornbread and wings. The BBQ chicken and ribs were both burned and very dry. I left more than half of the ribs. The greens were soggy, salty, very vinegary, and went largely uneaten, as well. The cornbread seems to be made with oil, so much that when I cut a bite off with my fork oil seeped out at the bottom and sides. However, our server was nice and attentive and my drink was good (pera mula). Alas, three strikes is enough. I'm going to lookElsewhere for BBQ.
3	I've been wanting to check this spot out for awhile and when I saw the GroupOn I thought, "how many more signs must the universe present for you to eat here?"  So with GroupOn in hand (or stored electronically in my phone) off I went with my parents in tow. There are two floors to the restaurant with the first floor set up with large tables for group eating. It was early and not crowded so we decided to head upstairs. Minimally decorated with large windows that allow the sun to shine through I'd describe it as somewhat rustic. Our table had small wooden blocks for chairs or a bench on the wall side. Ok, not my favorite set up but I get what they're going for. Somewhat simplistic menu. Main choices are chicken, pork or brisket. You can also get either spicy or BBQ flavored wings. I shared an order of chicken wings and had a side of Mac and cheese that could have only been made in heaven. Amazing. And oh so filling. We also had a few pieces of cornbread for the table. Slightly oily but also tasty. And not likely very healthy. This establishment is a producer of comfort food. I'll likely come back in the winter to give myself an extra layer of defense for the cold air. And then walk home to burn off some calories. I should note that they have a small selection of tasty craft beers, including local brews from East End Brewery.
4	Unbelievably good Fried chicken. Not a huge fan of their sides. Not a fan of the seating situation either.
3	Bbq was ok, I've had better in Pittsburgh. Drinks and meals were way over-priced.  Won't go back.
2	We went for a friend's birthday, there were 13 of us, we made reservations 1.5 weeks in advance.  The hostess and bartender (prior to being seated) were polite and helpful.  My pleasant experience ended there.  Our server, new and obviously inexperienced was slow, didn't know the menu and all around unable to get a drink order correct.  The food came out in a timely manner, but it was just not good. The ribs were dry and tough, the macaroni and cheese dry, the fried chicken dark and tasted like old frying oil.  Most of our table was deeply unhappy with our overall experience.  I won't go back.
5	The pork was melt-in-your mouth tender. We also had the brisket and chicken and these were perfectly seasoned. I highly recommend the baked beans. They were unusual and delicious!
1	Not sure what they are serving here but being from Texas I wouldn't call this barbecue.  The pulled pork is very light on smoke flavor and our pork had no bark at all.  A sure sign of short cut smoking procedures.  The "brisket" was a cut I have never seen before.  More of a roast cut.  The brisket got its flavor from a brine that the meat was swimming in.  Service was slooooow.  We waited almost an hour on a Tuesday for our meals.  Why?  This stuff is already cooked!   Come on.  Throw it on a plate and roll it out.  Our waitress seemed bothered to have to wait on us on a TUESDAY.  There might have been 15 people in the place tops. This was my one and only trip to this "BBQ" establishment.
4	Each time I've been here I went to play bingo. The bingo is AMAZING. They have cool themes, drink specials, and random prizes when you win. Each win requires you to answer trivia questions correctly in order to receive a prize. Prizes include gift certificates for your next visit OR other valuable prizes like dollar store chip clips :) The guy who runs bingo is entertaining and really likable, unless you get offended easily or act like a jerk (don't use your phone during bingo unless you want it taken away). I've had the mac and cheese and cornbread and both were REALLY REALLY good. Like, ridiculously good mac and cheese. Mac and cheese that tastes like magic was sprinkled in...If you like bar trivia combined with bingo combined with good food combined with an entertaining and charming host, head to bingo nights at Union Pig and Chicken.
4	Very good restaurant. I've heard a lot about this place and other sousa-stablishments. I've heard good and bad things and I definitely had a good experience.  Great BBQ, good sides, good service- I will say that the second floor has a much cozier environment and when we come back we'd rather sit up there. A few people have complained about the prices and I thought it was incredibly reasonable. I would have paid more. We'll be back soon.
2	This place was really disappointing. We ordered a pound of ribs, a pork sandwich, and various sides. The meat was average and underwhelming. I was really not thrilled to spend 50 bucks here - the quality was something I'd spend 20 bucks on at the most. I think they have the food priced to pay the bills; it's not priced based on the quality.
5	This place is divine. Much better than the multiple plates of BBQ I've had in Texas, and that's saying something! The brisket is so tender it falls apart, and the BBQ whole chicken is perfectly juicy and brown on the outside. The cornbread is yummy, and the greens have a nice little tang to them. You can now order cocktails from their upstairs bar in the downstairs restaurant, and I had one with rye whiskey and smoked Earl Grey. It was amazing to say the least. I can't wait to come back here many more times in the future.
5	Let's start with the friend chicken and end with the signature drinks (just like my night did). PS - upstairs dining seems cooler than downstairs dining.Simply put, this is the best fried chicken I've ever had. If there is a better piece of fried chicken out there, it's in an alternate reality that also happens to be identical to this one.And the drinks? Forget about it. If you're doing it right you probably will.So glad I went, I want to go every day.Taste: 9  Creativity: 6 Atmosphere: 7
4	The food here, once it arrived, was very good. Well worth the wait, even though the wait was somewhat inexcusable. We got there just behind a large take-out order and waited nearly 30 minutes for food to come up. One wonders why you'd prioritize takeout orders ahead of live customers actually seated in your dining room. I'll gladly eat here again, but if this kind of nonsense happens again I won't be back.
4	I've been eagerly hunting for a good wings/BBQ spot in Pittsburgh. This place was thoroughly satisfying. The food was phenomenal, along with the service. Perfect for a casual dinner with indulgent barbecue meat and a hearty beer. The only reason I knocked a star off was because of the location (a bit off the beaten path of Shadyside) and limited selection of beers on tap, granted the few they had were good. Ambience:The owners definitely chose the right decor to set the unassuming barbecue mood. Plenty of high tables with no frills- just slats of rather unfinished wood. Kind of what I would hope for from an authentic barbecue spot. On the other hand, the location really seems to kill the business here. Being a bit off of Shadyside proper and given the seedy neighborhood, it seems that people are deterred from visiting, which (at least on a Wednesday evening) resulted in an oddly quiet and empty restaurant. At least we didn't have to wait for seating!Food:Wow. We went for happy hour which included half off for wings, which made it quite reasonably priced. I had the habanero wings and my buddy had the BBQ ones. I preferred the habanero ones- just enough kick and well seasoned. I could of used a more generous slather of the sauce but the selling point was really in the meat. The wings were grilled and smoked. The slow cooking process really locked in the juices to make the meat fall apart. And these weren't mini sized wings... We also had the brisket and, not to be repetitive, but...wow. Moist, falls apart in your mouth and flavorful. All in all, I was rather content with the food. Drinks:I can't comment on the cocktails but the liquor selection was reasonable. The beers on draft were limited but interesting enough. Definitely was hoping for more beers on tap given this is a barbecue joint.
3	Went to Union with the intention of making their Sunday brunch, but missed the window thinking it went later than it did. Maybe that's why it fell so short, because we went in with high expectations. Our waitress was friendly and our glasses never neared empty, but another waitress who would occasionally help her was surly and glared at everyone the whole time. The food was good, but far too expensive for the quality and portion. Maybe it's because we're used to Southern BBQ or maybe they were having an off day, but it just didn't seem worth what they charge. A pork sandwich with a side of mac and cheese shouldn't cost 15 dollars unless it's a)incredibly good or b)a generous helping, neither of which applied to what was served. I'd be willing to give them another shot, especially after what I've heard about their chicken and waffles, but today's experience was nowhere near what I expect from what we paid.
3	A very small menu, which I was slightly uncomfortable with. The service was decent and the food was very tasty. I came in a group as a double date. I ordered a dozen BBQ wings and cornbread. I could have eaten that cornbread for the rest of my life - it was that good and buttery. The wings were fresh, juicy, and smoked. They lacked in BBQ sauce, but luckily there were squeeze jars of sauce on the table.I really want to go back here again.
2	It seems the excitement is over when it comes to Union Pig and Chicken.  At least for me.  I went back with a friend, looking forward to a repeat of the meal I enjoyed the first time.  We were underwhelmed.  I think she thought I was kidding when I enthusiastically described the meal I had the first time.  It started when we ended up being the only patrons after I told my friend that it might be crowded and there might be a wait.  Service was attentive at least since we were the only ones there.  But the quality of the food didn't live up to my original hype.  It didn't seem fresh and everything tasted too salty.  For my experience this last time around they lose a couple stars from my original review.  I can't see going back with so many other "superior" options around.  Sorry, Kevin, we're going to have to take a break.
