5	Hunnie Bunnie and I were deciding where to eat dinner and we just happened to be on Spring Mountain going by here. I saw the sign, did a quick Yelp check: 5 stars, 1 review... Must be a new spot! Yes, they just opened on Dec. 12th! HB wanted noodles like always so I got her the Grated Radish Udon and she liked them! I got Sashimi Salad with tuna, yellow tail and salmon with mixed greens and some kind of mild dressing/sauce. MmMm saaashimi!  KUSHI AGE! This is their specialty. It is a lightly battered food item, such as scallop, shrimp, tenderloin, mushroom, etc. It is served with a house made dipping sauce, curry powder and a spicy spice on the side. It is really good! I tested the scallop first before ordering garlic, tomato, zuccini, mushroom, shrimp, pork tenderloin, beef tenderloin, asparagus and another scallop! Each item costs about $1-3 so you can order however much or little you desire. We were the only people in here tonight, the wait staff was all nice and I will definitely be back. NOM.
4	Very cool to see the Japanese restaurant revolution is still going strong. This, to my knowledge, is the first restaurant that specializes in kushi-age in Las Vegas. Decor is very nice and food is very good. It's exactly how it is in Japan. The last time I ate kushi-age was when I was in Japan 10 years ago, and Yu Yu pretty much nails it. The food comes out crispy and light, not greasy like many other fried foods. I sat at the bar and I could watch the chef cook the food. There are thermometers in the frying pots, so the oil temp is always on point. I ordered 6 skewers of various items and all were very good.  Also ordered the tenzaru-udon and was good. Yu Yu does not have their liquor license yet but they are expecting it soon. Beer is absolutely necessary with kushi-age, so I will be back in a month.  Yu Yu will be a definite late night stop.
5	Head down to this place before it gets too popular...that's my prediction! They are open for lunch on the weekends, unlike Ichiza the sister restaurant.  The lunch combinations are delicious and presented beautifully! The menu is more limited during lunch, so I'll definitely be back to try their dinner options.  I tried the kushi-age (translation: fried food on a stick) combination which was a perfect combo of meats/seafood/vegetables.  The skewers are small, but I left very full.  The kushi-age also comes with two seasoning salts (pepper/curry) and a ponzu style dipping sauce.  The combination comes with unlimited rice and cabbage salad...so if you like rice, this is your place!  The soup is a pork broth that has a mixture of vegetables and is quite filling in itself and warm fuzzy goodness especially during the winter.  Currently they are serving a special ozoni new years version with rice cakes inside =).  The BF ordered the kurobuta pork combo....and it was fried to a perfection and moist and flavorful on the inside.  This combo came with a mortar and pestle....so you can grind the sesame at the table to add to the katsu style dipping sauce.  I was skeptical what additional flavor this would add, but they really know what they are doing....the freshly ground sesame was aromatic and mixed beautifully with the sauce.  We also tried the an-mitsu with ice cream which is basically fruit salad with ice cream, agar, and red beans...but nice and light refreshing end to the meal.  This will be our favorite Sunday lunch spot for the near future =)  Beware this is a small place with 6-7 tables and additional sushi bar style seating...so in the evening time I can only imagine the wait time.
5	I tried Yu Yu for lunch for the first time with 4 others and we were all impressed with this new restaurant in the Chinatown area.  Everyone enjoyed it and said that they would come back again.  One guy joked that he was going to come back for dinner.Yu Yu is a Japanese restaurant that doesn't serve the typical sushi, or ramen which seem to be on every street corner in Vegas these days.  It serves a different style of Japanese food called kushiage, which are breaded and deep-fried meat or vegetables on skewers.  They are easy to eat and are served with curry/chili spices and a dipping sauce that you can add to or dip your skewers if you like.Entering the restaurant it had a clean modern feel to it.  It is relatively small and has about 5 to 6 tables and a sushi bar type area that probably seats around 8 people.The staff was very friendly and answered all of our questions regarding the menu items, etc.  Everyone decided to order the 9 piece chef's choice as none of us had ever had this style of food.  A sampler meal if you will.  The 9 skewer meals were served with cabbage, cold mashed potatos, rice and a bowl of soup.  I was not disappointed with any of the skewers I had onion, mushroom, chicken, prawn, and beef and the other ones that I am not ever sure what they were...lol.  You can order skewers a la carte based on your tastes and hunger level.I will be returning for a second run soon and try some of the other dishes they server and different skewers.  I heard that their curry udon is very good and will be ordering this on my next visit.If you have not had kushiage, I recommend that you give it a try!
4	Yu-Yu is a sister restaurant to one of my already favorite Japanese Izakayas, Ichiza.A group of my co-workers came in and we tried practically all of their kushi-ya items, and they were great. After a while you get a little tired of the same sauce/flavors, but everything was good, high quality ingredients, and perfectly fried.To finish the night off, I also had a bowl of the curry udon, which was interestingly made with chicken. The curry flavor was good and the noodles seemed fresh. Overall my experience was good!
5	YU know I have to review a Japanese dining experience for my 400th review!Eric R. went off to watch NFL with friends, so my friend Heather K. and I trekked over to Chinatown to try out YU-YU!  We walked in to a chorus of irrashaimase! and suddenly Chef Hiro-san (formerly of Raku) came out to greet me - he joined YU-YU's team 2 months prior.  What luck to be greeted by someone familiar.We decided to sit at the bar, a beautiful raised space with ample counter space and leg room.  The restaurant space was also very nice, warm and comforting with some modern accents and wood tones.We started with genmaicha with matcha hot tea and ordered some skewers to start: kabocha, shiitake, quail egg, avocado, nasu (eggplant), zucchini.  Heather had the avocado and zucchini, and we shared the others.  Everything tasted delicious, but I was definitely partial to the kabocha and quail egg.  Kushi-age is served with a worcestershire-like sauce and 2 dipping salts, curry and chili, along with a referesher course of cabbage, carrot and cucumber.Heather then ordered the assorted mushroom saute (she is vegetarian).  I ordered a dish that sounded quite like me, sea urchin chazuke (with rice in green tea broth).  Chef Hiro asked if I wanted it in the middle of the meal since it is typically served at the end, but I was not following all protocol so I agreed.  He also provided us with some delicious marinated vegetable (similar to baby bok choy) in a ponzu-fish broth sauce.Chef Kiyo and another chef took care of us at the bar, along with 3 fabulous servers and a manager.  We talked at length about Japan - my trip and their last visits, where they are from, and all of the great food!  One server had lived briefly in Michigan where Heather K. is from, so they chatted about that.YU have to laugh - we asked Chef Kiyo why the cooking chopsticks are connected by string when eating ones are not - he said he had the same question, and even googled it (haha!) - he said they are hard to use but he cannot modify them.I received my sea urchin chazuke - sea urchin served on shiso leaf with wasabi floating on the rice in the green tea broth - it was very good.  We then went for another round of kushi-age, each getting kabocha, sharing quail egg, she got another avocado, and I ordered chicken meatball and curried beef tongue.  The tongue was very tender and marbled, with a great curry flavor.  The chicken meatball also was a juicy and tasty mini treat.  Once again, the kabocha and quail egg shined.Our tea and waters were refilled constantly and we had absolutely outstanding service.  It was a bit quiet for a Saturday night, but soon YU-YU will have its liquor license and will stay open later.  After more long chats with the staff we finally ordered the YUzu sorbet, which was the same sorbet I had at I-Naba (minus the pop rocks) - subtle but refreshing - not made in-house (can I get a YUzu distributor up in here??) - I dedicated my dessert to Christina W. and polished it off. Heather K. and I truly enjoyed our experience with the food, service, and atmosphere.  I know she will return with me, and though Eric R. does not like fried food, I think I can force him in for curry udon and genmaicha tea.  YU never know until YU go!  I highly recommend YU-YU for a fun dining experience.
3	We were excited to try this new Japanese kushi-age restaurant. Here's the executive low-down. A bit difficult-to-find, nestled in the 99 Ranch Chinatown plaza. Very nice interior ambiance. Wait staff a bit clumsy and awkward. Decent tasting food, but miniscule portions. Poor value for your money.We ordered the 15-skewer combo along with several a la carte items, but they jipped us and gave us only 14 skewers. I was going to speak up, but my wife said let's just go. While the pork soup was tasty and interesting, the house salad was bland, uninspired, and basically just pathetic. The seared beef tongue was tasty, but again very small portions.Frankly, I don't see this place lasting very long, especially in this kind of economy, unless it makes some drastic changes in the value department. It's a shame because it had some nice potential to expand the local Japanese food scene. In the end, we spent about $50 between the two of us, but left hungry. We are unlikely to return.
3	Their food is really good. Like it's the best food that can be found on a stick in Las Vegas (in my honest opinion.)  I came here with family after a good hike in the desert, and seeing as how I wasn't really hungry, we came in for a quick snack.  We had bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms, octopus, beef, pork - anything that can be speared through with a wooden stick and deep-fried Japanese-style.  The food was hot, crunchy, and exactly what I needed as a snack.  The food came with a bowl of raw vegetables on the side as a salad thing and a tray of curry and cayenne seasoning to dip. The staff was also very friendly and helpful.However, the price is outrageous, and it was such a huge shock that it detracted from the experience of the food.  The portions are very small -think the size of a lollipop - with prices around two dollars.  The price is not worth the portion.  I would love to come back, but my wallet cannot afford it.
3	Ah, so much potential to be a 4-5 star place if only the prices or portions were better.  The food was dericious as everything is deep fried in batter to perfection.  Ordered the 15 piece mixed plate since it was our first time and wanted to try a little of everything but word of advice, just freakin order what you want off the menu.  The 15 pieces for 22 bucks isn't really any cheaper and they'll give things that you probably wont like.Anything meat related was good, I personally really liked the onion, and quail egg.DONT order the beef tongue appetizer.  It's tasty but totally not worth it.  You'll wish you had gone to tofu hut to get the all you can eat just to fulfill what yu-yu leaves you with.  DOUBLE THE ORDER SIZE YU-YU, it'll definitely make up for a lot!
4	I remember driving down Spring Mountain and seeing the sign for Yu Yu Kushi-Age, and getting very excited.  Vegas can totally use a kushi restaurant!  And then I learned that Kushi-age meant that everything was deep fried skewers...that scaled back my excitement a bit.  Do I really need all of my food deep fried?  If it's being deep fried with Yu-Yu's panko breading, then the answer is yes.Deep fried veggies?  Deep fried beef?  Deep fried fish?  Yep, all the skewers are deep fried.  The panko breading is not too heavy, and goes well with anything it covers, such as: quail egg, sausage, asparagus, chicken wing (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yu-yu-las-vegas?select=6j2wuzaV4nF9TcfMgAWbGw#6j2wuzaV4nF9TcfMgAWbGw), salmon, scallop, sea bass, beef tongue (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yu-yu-las-vegas?select=v7Vk2ExC0fPh8Kvr6hHWLA#v7Vk2ExC0fPh8Kvr6hHWLA).  In addition to the various skewers I've tried, I also have had the curry udon and uni chazuke.  The curry udon is very good, and is a big enough portion to share with two-three people; otherwise it is a meal in itself.  The uni chazuke is a bowl of rice in a green tea broth, with a shio leaf and uni on top.  It was decent, but not really something that I would order again.Sitting at the bar is a treat, as you get to watch the chefs prepare each skewer and fry them.  I would say that sitting at the bar is the preferred way of dining, so that you get your skewers as they are cooked.  If you would prefer a bit more privacy, there are many tables throughout the elegant restaurant.  No tacky decorations or obnoxious decor, this is a nice place to enjoy a meal.  Skewers range from $1 - $3, and entree dishes are in the $7 - $10 range.  It seems there's a good variety on the menu, and I'm already looking forward to going back to try more of it.  Totally a fan!
3	Checking out some new grub!!Decor and service is really pleasant. It's just  you have to be really into Greasy Food. The sashimi was ok but the price is a little much but I can understand. The flavor of the fried food was pretty much the same as having things without the batter on it. Everything tasted like Tonkatsu with different tasting vegetables and meats. Word for my Sake Goers: They don't have liquor. Probably waiting for the licenses... Might be back? But not really into the whole fried food thing, and didn't see a deep fried desert which I think would have been fun to eat.
4	It was actually my first time to eat at a Kushi Age ( (Japanese deep-fried skewers) restaurant. I am usually not a big fan of deep fried food. However, I did enjoy my dining experience at Yu-Yu quiet a bit. It's located in China Town Plaza and right in front of 99 Ranch Market. I came here during lunch hours. This place is very clean with open kitchen. Yu-Yu has lots options for vegetarians. (deep fried pumpkin, broccoli, eggplant, avocado, garlic, sweet onion, lotus root...) You can choose curry powder, chilly powder or special dipping sauce to go with fried skewers. I personally slightly prefer curry powder and dipping sauce. I tried 15 different skewers and there was nothing I didn't like. I would say beef tenderloin and bacon wrapped scallop were the best in my orders. Beef tenderloin was really juice and tender inside. Breading was very nice too and not too greasy.I also tried grated radish noodle.($7.5) It was light and perfect to go with deep fried foods. My noodle order came with 2 complimentary skewers. It's a pretty good deal for lunch meal if you just order it alone. I finished my meal with An-Mitsu with ice cream. I loved it! It's not too sweet. I enjoyed the sweet red beans with that very creamy ice cream a lot. Service here is just as wonderful as most Japanese restaurants. Our waitress was super nice. She explained everything to us with details since it was our first visit. On my next visit, I would probably order less deep-fried skewers and order a noodle or rice dish to go with it. Yu-Yu will probably be my lunch regular spot soon.
4	Although, still extremely delicious especially during lunch...I tried the dinner options and felt they were a tad bit overpriced for the portion size...best bet to come for their lunch combos...for dinner my go to is still Kyara
4	Pretty much any deep-fried food is delicious.  Just don't let your cardiologist find out you've been going to this deep-fried food heaven.  This is Ichiza's sister restaurant, by the way.Yu-Yu offers lightly breaded and deep-fried skewers (kushi age): quail eggs, fish, beef, veggies, octopus, squid, shrimp, scallop, sausage, beef tongue, chicken, pork, avocado, pear, banana, cheese, etc. Don't expect deep-fried Twinkies or Oreos from here though.  But aside from fried food, they also have salads, sashimi, edamame, tofu, udon, porridge and soup.  They serve you a bowl of veggies (cabbage, carrots and cucumber) and the sauce for your kushi age.I got the 15-pcs assorted kushi age: sweet onion, tomato, lotus root with curry ground chicken, asparagus, bacon-wrapped enoki mushrooms, chicken meatball, chicken wing, sausage, beef tenderloin, quail eggs, Asian pear, octopus leg, fish, baby corn with olive, and mushroom.  It's the best way to sample most of their fried fare for $22.  There's a 10-pcs assorted kushi age set for $15.  I also got the prime short rib steak.  The rest of the group ordered the fried jidori chicken, shrimp & scallop gratin, salmon & avocado salad, and more kushi age (broccoli, garlic, zucchini...pretty much everything else on the kushi age menu that isn't part of the 15-pc set).  For dessert, we had a yuzu sorbet and a cream an-mitsu.HIGHLIGHTS:Quail eggs, beef, bacon-wrapped enoki mushrooms, asparagus, baby corn and broccoli kushi age: these are my favorites. 5/5Octopus leg kushi age: just as I had expected, it's quite chewy. 3/5Asian pear, and lotus kushi age: they're not my favorite items.  Slightly sweet with lots of texture and crunch.  I aprreciated the curveball though! 3/5Prime short rib steak:  served on a sizzling plate with onions, green beans and different kinds of mushrooms.  The steak is cooked medium and sliced (but you can leave it on the sizzling plate if you want it more cooked) so it's tender and juicy.  It is topped with marinated daikon. 4/5Yuzu sorbet: a good way to cleanse your palette.  Light and orange-y. 4/5Cream an-mitsu: agar jelly with fruit cocktail, ice cream and red bean paste on top.  For Filipino folks, it's halo-halo sans the shaved ice, milk and flan. 4/5What I appreciate with kushi age is that there's an element of surprise.  Guessing what you're eating since they're all battered and deep-fried (except for identifiable items such as broccoli, asparagus, octopus, quail eggs, mushrooms and tomato) and then finding out what you're eating only when you bite into it.  The different flavors and textures are a treat.  Aside from that, service at Yu-Yu is great.  If you're not familiar with something on the menu, the ladies will eagerly assist you.  The restaurant is very clean.  As a person who dreads parking anywhere in Chinatown, there's plenty of parking spaces at Yu-Yu.  You'll forget you're in Chinatown!
5	Have heard a lot of good reviews that's why I came, the service is good and the curry chicken even better, I will come back here for sure:-)
3	Tried Yu-Yu for the first time for our little get together with Lily.  The skewers were all panko breaded and fried.  We tried a variety of skewers and our favorites were the curry beef  tongue (recommended by Lisa R), and bacon wrapped mochi.  Everything else was alright.  Nothing special, just fried.Our bill for two was shy of $30, with tip added already since we had a large party.    The staff always made sure that our cups of hot tea/water are always filled.  However, we won't be coming back...everything fried isn't really our cup of tea.
3	Came here on a whim since it was Friday and its no meat for us during the Lent season, and Darn it, I should of researched this place before coming here, but I was driving. Lol. Oh well, I still love my food adventures.   Reason for my gripe is because I prefer not to eat too much fried, but Kushi-Age is basically all fried..anything. LOL.  I did try a few just to try, eggplant and scallop was my favorite out of everything, very tiny little skewers.  You probably will not get full.  I could already tell that I wasn't, so luckily we still ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and the Ikura bowl to back us up.  The Sea Bass was a little bit too salty but still good and Ikura bowl was okay, nothing out of the ordinary.  Seeing from reviews looks like the beef tongue is a hit, but couldn't try it out, boooo.I didn't leave with the "tummy satisfied" feeling.  More upset because it was pretty pricey and I know that I would have been satisfied for paying the price that we did if we went to an AYCE sushi joint instead.  Oh yah, I wanted to have dessert since I saw all those lovely photos on yelp, but they were out of ice cream..grrr.Ambiance is great, restaurant is neat and clean, oh, they should also change up their music.  We heard the same songs each about 3 times!  Nice place to of tried, but don't think I will personally be back, I'm not too into fried food.  However, I still would recommend people to at least give it a go to experience it!
4	My first Kushi-Age experience and I would definitely come back! Kushi-Age is a very popular form of street cuisine in Japan as explained by the lovely couple that owns the place. It is not popular here because we are intimidated by the sound of the word FRIED. These are also the same people behind Ichiza. The place is a stand alone restaurant in the Chinatown area. There is plenty of parking. The atmosphere is calm, relaxed and serene. There is even memory foam on the seats to cushine the tush while dining. If you'd like to see the how to's of this preparation, there is seating at the chef's bar.I love the Japanese people! Respect abounds...We arrived based on the recommendation from the manager over at Ichiza, there was an hour wait for three and we were starving! To our luck and surprise Yu Yu just got their liquor license that day! (Mid March) Besides our table, there were just two other groups inside on a friday night. I can probably guess that people in the past were looking for alchohol with the fried cuisine.So come back now!When I say FRIED, don't be afraid. I am the first to stay away from this method of food preparation. But Yu Yu is an exception. The preparation is so delicate. It is fried in a rice oil and does not leave you with a heavy feeling at all. It's not what one would consider greasy. But also it's not something I would indulge in everyday but I definitely would go back with friends or highly recommend.We also had some wonderful sake and sampled the many veggie options, the mushrooms were executed so well. We also had the curried beef tongue, udon noodles, chicken meatballs, seafood as well. I enjoyed the selection of sauces and salts and they even had a fishcake with mozzarella cheese!All in all it was a memorable dining experience. The staff is very attentive. The owners were lovely and shared their celebratory magnum of Moet with all the patrons. The husband and wife even sat at our table and shared their story with us. It's lovely to see the excitement in their new venture. I wish them luck and hope the liquor license will help fill their space.
4	how do you make delicious vittles on a stick extra delicious?dip 'em in batter and roll 'em in panko!DUH.would you like that wrapped in bacon before we fry it up?alsoDUH.really friendly staff was also much appreciated. it was like a tiny hug with each lil fried sausage on a stick.what also was amazing, me and my friend Dumptruck, ate until our eyes rolled in back of our heads and the entire bill WITH TIP was $41 and no, we do not look like The Olsen twins, we look like we ATE the Olsen twins.
5	all skewers are tasted good. go dinner for more options!
3	The place is ok....got in there around 7:00 n the whole restaurant is empty ;( but the server is pretty nice n introduce the menu pretty good....the food taste pretty good n fresh,,, order a couple deep fried stick n a salad....the bread is not thick which I love but at the end the bill was like 90 for two person.... A bit pricy for that.....
5	I love a good place that focuses on serving one great thing and does it great! Many places in Japan are like this and Yu-Yu is that! They are also Japanese owned (hard to find in Vegas)Kushi-age is Japanese street food of skewered meats and veggies fried in panko. Usually eaten at shrines, parks from small booths or carts.Yu-Yu took me back to Japan and brought back memories! I am so glad to have found this place!The menu is full of almost anything you could possibly fry. Fish, pork, beef, chicken, veggies, and even brie cheese (yum). Each skewer is  priced at $1-4 each and they are made fast to order and quickly served hot, you can even sit at the bar and watch them fry. Yu-Yu offers an array of delicious home made sauces as well.There is also a menu of apps and entrees, but I always like to eat what they specialize in. :)The service is fast, friendly, kind, and very nice! Great place for an intimate dinner, a party of friends, or a family night out! So happy I found this place!
4	Fried food haven!We tried the following dishes:Kushi-AgeAsian Pear - a must try!BananaZucchini - a must try!Chicken ThighOctopus LegSilver fish - a must try!Smelt fish - a must try!ShrimpChilean SeabassScallop -good! Garlic - good!Bamboo Shoot - good!AsparagusBeef Short Rib - a must try!Fried Jidori Chicken - a must try!Assorted Homemade Pickles - good!Yuzu Sorbet - a must try!The rest were okay. They were good but nothing special. We will be back! Next time we will try their sushi items.
3	Just okay. But We well be back to try one more time.
3	My friend and I were excited to try this place out as we both wanted to try something new.Restaurant: As soon as we walk into the restaurant, we were greeted by Japanese waitresses that yelled out "Irashaimasee," giving the place a very authentic Japanese feel (I lived in Japan during my childhood).  The place is a dimly lit but very open and clean.  I couldn't help but admire the furniture and decor--it makes the restaurant feel upscale despite its affordable menu.Food: My friend ordered the 'tuna yukke' and I ordered the 'uni chazzuke' along with several kushiage (fried items on sticks).  The tuna yukke was just right; the tuna was so tender and flavorful--it tasted fresher than any tuna sushi I've had in LV.  The uni chazzuke, however, did not appeal to my palette as much as I had hoped.  Uni chazzuke is sea urchin, and that urchin was my first urchin.  It tasted like butter with a sour aftertaste and had the texture of meat fat.  My friend mixed up the bowl to see if I would like it and she forgot to remove the bit of wasabi that was floating around--hence I had a hard time eating it and had to give her the rest.  The kushiage was alright: we ordered asian pear, banana, water chesnut, smelt, pumpkin, and brie cheese.  The pieces were so small and they cost at least $1 each.  I was disappointed by the size of the banana kushiage the most because I had expected at least half of a banana instead of a small slice.  $1 for a fried banana slice?  The brie cheese kushiage was also a let-down as it tasted like a mozzerella stick fresh out of the oil, and it was $1.75.  Nonetheless, at least we got to try it out.Service: The waitresses that served us spoke English well and were very prompt and knowledgeable about their menu.  I like how I did not need to ask the waitress for water as they came by frequently enough to refill my water (and I was going through each glass as the wasabi from the uni chazuke inflamed my tongue with every spoonful).  When we left, they all said good bye and bowed--including the chefs behind the bar.  You would totally expect that in Japan, but I am impressed they incorporated that here.
5	The price is right, the foods great and for being in Chinatown, I walk in and get seated without a wait. What more can you ask for?Oh yeah, it's also authentic Japanese!
4	I've never been a big fried food person but this place I liked. The menu is a bit interesting when it comes to the ordering style. They do have set "meals" but most of the menu is ordering single pieces of food that has been fried. The Asian Pear is a must try!
4	I finally got to visit this place and it didn't disappoint.  I had the 9 skewer lunch special and each skewer preserved the freshness of the ingredients without deep frying and panko overpowering the taste.  My only issue is that since 9 skewers is quite a bit, I would have liked to have a HOT skewer to eat one by one, but that option was probably there if I sat at the counter.  They did have kurobuta tonkatsu on the menu, and I really need to try it.  There is no place in town that serves decent tonkatsu, and since these guys know how to deep fry, I'm thinking that their tonkatsu might be good.
4	Had lunch at Yu Yu on a Sunday afternoon.  I was after the minced meat with mozzarella dish, and had a few bites just to try the other stuff.  The set up is quite elaborate, the minced meat came with soup, white rice, and veggies.  There are 2 sauces, chili salt and curry salt.  I'm usually not a huge curry guy, but I really liked the salt.  The chili salt was fantastic, had a bit of heat.  Both of these were welcome additions to the meal.  The soup had a very flavorful broth, it was rich in flavor.  It had a lot of veggies, it was more hearty than I was expecting.  The rice was white and fine, it was sufficiently fluffy and wasn't clumpy.  You get chopped cabbage with some cucumber on the side with a nice bright dressing.  Also, you can get more cabbage if you want, which I didn't need, but it was a nice option.  It was nice to have a lot of veggies with all the fried stuff.I tried the following small bites:  sweet onion, okra, beef short rib, chicken thigh, brie.  They were all $1-$2 each.  The onion and okra were fantastic.  The short rib was good, but it got a little dry.  The chicken thigh didn't have the same issue, it was fantastic.  Makes you forget about every chicken nugget you've ever eaten.  I think the winner was the brie, it was perfect.  Melty and went very well with the panko.  The minced meat and mozzarella dish was basically a small cheeseburger (specifically a juicy lucy) fried.  It was good, but I was expecting it to be better.  It was sufficiently juicy, but I think it needed some more seasoning.  I sat at the counter and watched the guy fry the stuff.  He was very meticulous throughout the whole process.  The dishes were crispy and delicious, but not greasy.  Will definitely go back.
5	Best Udon Soup ever! I recommend the curry udon soup. Came here cos I wanted to try something new. Our server was very friendly and so kind. Gave us 10% off and gave us one of every sauce for the kushi-age. Kushi-age is kind of like tempura and they have a wide variety of it! Come here if your craving soup and I promise you won't be disappointed.
4	This place was on top of there game. This is truely a Fried Food Heaven! Love the Skewers and the friendly employees. Nice job.
4	So far so good! I came after work so I appreciated the fact that it was open late! I ordered mostly vegetable "kushiyaki" but I loved the fact they had several different sauce options for free of charge. I felt like I didn't order much but finished pretty full. Ladies! They have moscato! Lol.. Didn't expect it at an Asian restaurant like this! Their "box sushi" was pretty darn good too!!! Service was great as well. Always kept our water fully and table clean. I really enjoyed the fact that everything  I ate was very authentic to what I know of Japanese food. Finished our night off with home made Japanese pudding! They could make the cushions on the seats a little thicker.. But I will definitely be back :)
4	This is a lunch review.The Skinny (an update): come here for a leisurely jidori cutlet lunch with tonjiru soup, unlimited bowls of rice and shredded cabbage - this is a great value for $9.50 (4), service: attentive as usual (4) value: for the price of a fast food lunch, the jidori cutlet special cannot be beat (4).I cannot vouch for the other items on the menu during lunch but I can say that I am enamored by the jidori cutlet lunch special here at Yu-Yu.As previously mentioned, I absolutely love the tonjiru pork broth with it's intense umami/root vegetable goodness whereas I wasn't a huge fan of the actual kushi skewers and the other cooked dishes here. However, I was lured back by the call of jidori/tonkatsu cutlets.The best thing about the lunch specials are they already come with a cup of the tonjiru soup. Score! Plus, the cutlet lunches come with unlimited cabbage and rice just like in a true tonkatsu joint - score 2. Finally, the crumb they use with the cutlets are the slightly coarser grain compared to what they use for the kushi-age which make for a better crunch - hat trick of awesome!The first time we came here, the hubs ordered the tonkatsu and I ordered the jidori cutlet. Although the tonkatsu is good, the serving size of the tonkatsu is kind of skimpy compared to the jidori cutlet. The jidori cutlet gives you a good portion of juicy, tender chicken. Fantastic. Ever since that visit, the hubs has ordered the chicken as well.So in the end, I come here for the jidori cutlet lunch special only and don't really feel a huge urge to stray from this given the excellent value compared to other items I have tried in the past. (4).
5	One of favorite places to get my kushi age cravings! Its a really good place to snack,drink ND socialize with your friends! Definitely recommend this place to everyone!
5	Came here Thanksgiving night of all times- the bf and I were all turkey'd out from previous festivities.The service here is wonderful- the staff is friendly and the quality of the food is amazing.  The bill can run up quite fast, but I believe it's completely worth it.  My favorites were the curry udon, the pork tenderloin, curry beef tongue and the chicken wing.  The curry salt and chili salt to dip your skewers in are also amazing!We will definitely be coming back here soon!
1	Although the side dishes were fairly tasty, this was easily the worst service ever encountered.  We had to wait more than 35 minutes to receive our Udon noodle soup.  Seriously folks, I'm no Chef, but I'm pretty confident that it doesn't take 35+ minutes to make hot soup.  Additionally, the waitress never got around to our table to refill our drinks.  The amount of customers here was not even close to being overwhelming.  This is the first and last time that we'll dine here.
5	We were hesitant because there was no one else there when we walked in on a Friday night at 9pm. Almost turned around and left, but we decided to stick it out.  Glad we did.Kushi age was tasty, especially with the sauce and spicy salt. Yellowtail carpaccio and salmon & avocado salad were excellent. And udons (regular and curry) were solid.  Service was attentive - water, tea and soda (free refills) glasses were always kept full.
5	Went to Ichiza and the wait was over an hour on a Sunday night so decided to give this place a try since it was the sister location.  It is a different menu and style so don't go thinking it's the same as Ichiza. I always want to give a new place and Yu Yu was quiet, clean and service was great. Kushiage is good and there are plenty of varieties to try. Personally I liked the bacon covered mochi kushiage but that may not be to everyone's taste. Not heavily fried so easy on the palate and we ordered about twenty different ones. Besides kushiage, I had the chicken gizzards, pig ears, tuna with quail egg, and beef tongue. All pretty good.  When compared to the ego of Ichiza, this place is more humble and down to earth. All around a good experience and will come back again.
4	The first time I've had fried Japanese skewers.... Totally different, if you think frying everything to make it taste good is okay, this is the place for you..., I loved the fried Brie cheese with my salmon roe bowl which complimented each other I think...One warning.... You might be carried away and the tab adds up quickly... It's definitely worth a try....
4	ichiza sent us here after having us wait 40 min with a baby for their estimate of 30 min, only to then say it would probably be another 45 minutes. not sure if that was BS or not but we couldn't really chance it. yu-yu was on my list to try so we took it in stride, and it is just a short walk. small but very welcoming place with fantastic service. the server's english was not very good but she was extremely attentive as was the whole staff. if you have a family with small children, it's certainly much more tolerable than the hustle and bustle of ichiza.our young nephew gave a big thumbs up for the tempura udon, as well as the jidori cutlet. i thought the jidori cutlet was awesome...crispy and moist and sizable. we also had the fried jidori which i really enjoyed. the yellow tail carpaccio was excellent,. as was the mini toro bowl (nevi toro-don) and the kushi age bowl (three kushi age's on a bed of rice). the marinated squid and octopus was also good as well as the agedashi tofu. all prices quite reasonable. i'm glad we got shuffled over here. It's worth repeat visits.
4	Had a Tempura using in here. It was very simple and  clean taste. The actual noodle was not original udon but, made a good impression of taste.Very good..
5	Awesome!!! Best tonkatsu (battered pork fillet/loin) in Vegas. Quality of the Japanese food is top notch. Service was great and the atmosphere is nice.  The prices are reasonable for the quantity and quality you get. The udon noodles are just the best.  Looking for a unique eating experience, Yu-Yu is the place to go. Go early because the place is small.
5	Japanese fried skewers, Tempura, pressed box sushi, and rice.....An excellent ethnic dining experience not to be missed. There might be another Kushi Age restaurant in maybe..  Los Angeles. Other then that your not going to find anything like this here in the USA Very traditional method of cooking various things in very hot oil that have been coated with freash made Panko flakes. In Japan a Kushi Age place would be very small and probably very old. At Yu Yu's you find the familiar feel of a Sushi restaurant.  Of course, the food is very different. items are served in small quantities of usually  two skewers for each item ordered. You can let the Chef make all of the decisions by ordering the chef's choice. All of the different types of chicken skewers were excellent with good quality chicken and expert prep. the various vegetables available were interesting and very fresh. Expertly cooked. A wide range of sauces and seasoned salts were also very good.. The skewers came out at a nice pace that lets you enjoy each flavor without having to rush for fear of some of the food getting cold.. They also do some sashimi, noodles, Katsu Don, and another thing very hard to find in the US..  Battera..  japanese pressed box sushi Worth a try if you love Japanese food as much as I do !!experiment and put the time in to find what you like.You will be rewarded with a great experience and become a fan of skewers too..
4	My goal is to try a bookmark each week so I picked this at random and off we went for dinner. We decided to split some things. 10piece kushiage - It's chef's choice and we ended up with : Cheese, shitake mushoom, sweet onion, beef filet, chicken meatball, lotus root w/ curry flavored chicken, squid leg,asparagus, shrimp, pork loin. Out of curiosity, I wondered if this was a better deal at $14 or to pick your own and it ended up being $14.75 worth so next time I'm just gonna go a la carte since I could have done without some of these. The texture of the fry was good, but some of the items the differences blended. I generally found I preferred vegetables, and I also liked the chicken meatball and the lotus root w/ chicken best.They have various sauces you can choose from, but by default you will get curry salt, chili/ichimi salt and kushiage sauce (which is worcestershire like). I also tried the spicy mayo which was surprisingly tangy and not what I thought it would taste like. I also got ponzu with radish since I just love that on everything and am sad that most places do not put radish is tempura sauce anymore. I got a bowl of rice to go with our kushi.We also got udon curry.which had bits of chicken and carrots in it. The udon was cooked pretty well and the curry was good, it was more on the spice side than sweet. After eating all this it seemed like we needed still a little something so we ordered bacon wrapped cheese and avocado. I was a fan of the avocado. Our server was friendly and checked up on us frequently and kept water filled. Food came to the table fast and came hot. Got our check and was able to pay quickly. It's probably a 3.5 but I'll bump it up. I think you should order more of the sizable plates and supplement it with some kushiage than relying on that alone to get full since it's not uber filling, just snackable. Also if you have too many, it just blends to be too much fried items. For me, I'll come back for the veggies and the chicken and lotus and try out some of the lunch combos.
2	Came here with my friends for my birthday dinner. I was pretty disappointed since it has such good reviews... The servers didn't know how to explain items that were on their own menu.. I thought it was because the server might be new but both severs didn't know their own menu well. I asked them what was in their tempura udon and they said "vegetables and shrimp". Not really a great description... My friends ordered some side seasonings which we had to ask for multiple times. When we went, there was only one other party in the restaurant and the servers somehow brought us their order, which left is very confused. We all ordered the same main course, tempura udon. I would think udon is pretty easy and quick to make but our order took 45 minutes to come out and on top of that, we all ordered the same thing so you would think it would all come out at the same time...? Nope, came out at all different times for udon that can be made in one big pot... And yeah, I know this may not be their specialty, but the taste was definitely not up to par. I give it two stars because at least the food was nice and hot when it came out?
4	Whenever I'm in Vegas with my Japanese colleagues, we always go to Ichiza for amazing Japanese cuisine. On this particular night, however, Ichiza was closed... so we decided to try Yu-Yu.Good decision.The prices were really reasonable, and I was able to try a wide variety of items. I had never been to a Kushi Age place before, but found it to be very American-friendly. I really recommend the Beef Tongue!
5	AWESOME find. I was on the food channel network or something like that and the topic of the show was kushi age restaurants in Cali. Decided to see if Vegas had one and Yu Yu popped up. So my bf and I decided to come here for valentines day. We were worried it be crazy packed but it wasn't. It was nice and quiet w a few people. Eventually it got busy but still a very relaxing environment. Place is quite small but it was cozy. The staff was super friendly and helpful. Explaining to us how things worked, what was inside a certain item we were curious about. We ordered:- tonjiru- salmon & avocado salad- mini sashimi bowl- prime short rib steak- kushi age:     - bacon wrapped mozzarella     - bacon wrapped green bean     - brie cheese     - asparagus     - chicken meatball     - quail egg     - bacon wrapped mushroom     - wild yam potato     - chicken breast w mozzarella     - ginko nuts     - octopus     - seabass (was okay with it)     - silver fish (very fishy, didn't taste as good)We liked 99.9% of everything we ordered except the last 2 items listed. I'm a cheese lover so man oh man, brie cheese and mozzarella was awesome!Definitely planning to come back here again to try other items.
5	OK, here's the fact: Yu-Yu is the most frequently visited restaurant by us.Enough said.Or not?Well, everything about this place is fascinating - tonjiru instead of miso soup, this alone gets my thumbs up, fried prawns are even awesomer. Tonkatsu is obviously perfect as this place specializes in kushi age. Even side items like curry udon or battera are incredibly good.Lunch menus are much simpler, so if you aren't familiar with kushi age, try lunch first. You can thank me later.
4	This place describes itself as a "Kushi age" restaurant. Kushi or kushiyaki are skewers of grilled food. You select which one you want or an assorted and they are served here on bite size skewers.This is the type of food that you normally find in japan in "Izakaya" (japanese taverns) but this place is more a traditional japanese restaurant setting. Much quieter and soft than a typical Izakaya.There is also a good assortment of Udon noodle soup and reasonable prices. That is the option that was appealing most to me at the time so I had a Sichuan type Udon soup, an edamame starter and green tea. It was excellent and hit the spot! The total bill at dinner time including taxes and a generous tip was under $15, another aspect that did contribute to my happiness!
4	Wanted to try this place after eating Ichiza near by. It's an extremely nice and quiet restaurant with great customer service. I am not a big fan of the deep friend skewers but for those who are, I believe they would enjoy this place. I also ordered the sashimi bowl, garlic stir fried chicken gizzard and mackerel battera which were all very good. Sashimi was very fresh. Gizzard was tasty and would only recommend the mackerel battera for those who could stand the distinct fishy taste that mackerel has. Would definitely come back here again but just not for the fried skewers.
4	They are Kushiage Restaurant but we use this restaurant as IZAKAYA.Karaage, Sunagimo, Tamagoyaki,etc.So Yammy:)
5	This"Kushi Age" restaurant is the Ichiza's sister store that's why I went to try! And I really love it! A very nice, quiet and warm place! And the food there is very fresh and delicious! "Kushi Age" is its specialty! They are skewers of fried food with several kinds of special sauce! U have many options about "Kushi Age", seafood, meat, vegetables even fruits! Very interesting!! They have good traditional Japanese food too like sashimi, udon... I tried a new udon-Sichuan udon. It's VERY VERY good!! Sashimi is very fresh, steak is very tender and yummy... Anyway, every dish is wonderful! I just can say, u can enjoy the better atmosphere ,better quality food and nice service with the reasonable price! It's really a good place worth to try and u must like it! It's a wonderful place to dine together for friends, family even business!
5	If u want to try traditional Japanese food, come here!  The food is very good, and people here is very friendly!
4	Small Japanese fried items are great
3	I was attending the Vegas Fringe Festival at the Las Vegas Little Theatre in Chinatown and I had enough time between plays to finally give Yu-Yu a try for dinner.  It was about 6:30 and other than one table, I was the only person in the restaurant.  I took a seat at the bar so I could watch the cooking in front of me.  Not much cooking as for most of the time I was there, the only cooking done was  for my order.My server was Noriko, a very pleasant woman who explained the menu to me and explained what kushi-age was and explained the ordering process.  She brought my iced tea and I was set to begin ordering.I started with a tapas plate of Tuna yukke which is seasoned big eye tuna with a quail egg on top.  The tuna is accompanied by some thinly sliced cucumber, red onion, and yellow bell pepper.  The tuna was very good.Next, I ordered these kushi-age items:  King oyster mushroom, bacon wrapped asparagus, pork filet, curry beef tongue, octopus leg, and black tiger shrimp.  I watched the cook dip my selections in the batter and then drop them into the hot oil which he tended closely and turned the items with his chopsticks.  In a short time, the items were removed from the frying oil and placed on the plate.  Noriko then arranged them on a plate.  When she brought them to me, she told me the order they were on the plate.With the kushi-age, you get a cabbage salad with some sliced carrots.  They also have a variety of sauces you can get or just stay with their original kushi-age dipping sauce which was what I did.  You also get a small dish with two sections--one containing curry powder and one with red sea salt.  I found that the curry powder was the best accompaniment.  Of the 6 kushi-age items I got, hands down, the best was the curry beef tongue.  Dipped with extra curry powder, it was a winner.Service was good.  I was somewhat uneasy in the restaurant.  The counter area is adjacent to the kitchen entrance.  Since there was almost no one else in the restaurant, I felt like the three servers were watching me all the time I was there.  It made for the good service I mentioned, but because the restaurant is so small and the counter is near their workstation, I felt really watched--not in a bad way, mind you.I'm glad I gave Yu-Yu a try.  It's interesting.  The value is not good.  While in line with other tapas style restaurants, the amount of food per price is not good.
5	Everything I tried here was exceptionally incredible. Curry udon, fried smelt roe, yellowtail, sashimi combo, baked tofu, etc. You really can't go wrong with any order here. You can choose different seasonings too for your kushi age. I rarely come to a restaurant twice in one week but it was that good. I can't believe this place isn't more popular. The service was excellent. The restaurant is a bit on the cozy and small side. It's a cute place for a date but I wouldn't come here with a big group.
2	Saturday 4pm. Maybe we came on a bad day/night. Not to busy. Our first time here. This is not a sushi bar and they dont have ramen... OK so the Japanese servers? I asked so how does this work its our first time here. She couldnt really speak English but I speak a little japanese so we figured it out. KATSU ON A STICK!  Pretty simple after we figured that out. So we ordered a few of them all KATSU on a stick. It was boring not much flavor. We ordered 1 seafood udon as well. It didnt taste right... The only item we liked was the small sashimi this how we made it to the 2 stars.  The strange thing is the server brought us the wrong food and the other server brought the japanese girls next to us the wrong food as well.  My wife was like I didnt think these servers are new because they know half the diners in here.  We will not be going back for the Katsu on a stick treatment! My wife makes AWESOME TEMPURA on stick. Blows this place away. No sauce required! I approve this mesage J K KUHL....
5	Food was awesome, service was fast. Their specials for the day were the highlight. Salted grilled mackerel was the best of the specials of the day. The kushiage menu was cheap n so good! Bring ur appetite.
5	Delicious well prepared food. Excellent service. I am Japanese American and the first thing I noticed was that the place was packed with real Japanese people who spoke nothing but Japanese. Always a good sign when the natives come to eat at a restaurant far away from home. I had the katsu-don special and it was outstanding. My mother had the himachi dinner and she said it was fresh and tasty. Also had the short rib skewers as an appetizer and it was juicy and tender. Looking forward to eating there again the next time I am in Vegas
5	This was my first time visiting the place and it's definitely not the last.Yu-Yu is a very small, but very clean kashi age restaurant. Kashi age here is what I call fried goodness on a stick. It can range from veggies to meat and seafood. I ordered a few veggies (so my non-meat eating mom could try them) as well as some chicken shiitake kashi age. Each piece of kashi age can be as low as $1 and up to $2 for seafood. The super sweet and patient waitress will bring you dipping stuff for them (such as the kashi age sauce and chili salt and curry salt). You can order different sauces if you want as well. I was tempted to order more but I already had zaru (cold/chilled) udon on the way.The cold udon was nice and refreshing to eat. It came with dipping stuff for the noodles and a side of fresh chopped green chives. My mom ordered a seafood udon dish that had a sort of Italian kick to it (translation: it's soup base had garlic in it). I think the udon was called Vondole or something.Anyways, the service and food were excellent. I'll leave you with some advice the restaurant was super busy for a small place so if you'd like to come here for lunch try to get there early! They are open from 11 AM to 2 PM for lunch and won't be open again until 5 PM for dinner. Hopefully I'll be able to try this place again for dinner. :)
3	Nice comfortable atmosphere.  Very clean indeed. I went alone (again!) so I thought that would be a bit awkward sitting by myself but everything was nice.  The girls were friendly.  I would go back there.  I wish they had the Omakase courses though...
5	Kushiage bar and their menu overall has a good selection of items.  Ate here for dinner on a Thursday with a meetup group of 7 people.  Waitresses were very accomodating and explained dishes.  We were easily able to split bill and were not rushed to leave even though other customers came in later.  Also, water cups were continuiously filled.  I ordered edamame to share, a mini kushiage bowl, and yuzu sorbet. In addition, I added kushiage bacon enoki, pork filet, and shrimp which were fried to perfection.
4	I ordered only one item on a stick.  I know why goto a restaurant that is known for skewers and only order one?  Well there was so many other things to try!  :-)I had smelt on a skewer and it was delicious!  The crunch was good and it was not greasy at all.  Perfectly fried and the dipping sauce was delicious!  :-)The seared beef tongue is where they lost half a  star.  It was good BUT it was a tad on the salty side for me and I like salty.  And it was a tad on the chewy side.  It was not as good as the beef tongue I've had at Ichiza. I wish they had that here.  LolI had the Fried Jidori Chicken.  It was good.  The sauce was good and  it was a tad on the greasy side which cost them another half star. Would I go here again?  Heck yeah!!! :-) so many items left to try.
4	Out for late dinner, we were thinking of trying Yonaka but neither of us were in the mood for izakaya.  Looking for something interesting on Spring Mountain, we drove past this place and recalled wanting to try when we were heading to a Thai restaurant a few weeks ago.  We figured what the heck, we thought it was izakaya-ish but was more in the mood for kashi-age so decided to give it a try.Inside is simple but cozy with a bar to the right and not more than 10 tables inside.  Servers are very pleasant and, aside from the initial order taking which took a bit of time, service was also timely.  They take the time to tell you each order also, which was very helpful when we received our 10 piece kashi-age set.  We ordered the 10-piece kashi-age sampler, tofu salad, and a mackerel battera.  Loved the tofu salad with a big dallop of tofu, although the dressing could have been a bit less soy saucy.  The kashi-age was also excellent, with nicely crisped coating and each of the 10 different ingredients being very good (well, beef was okay).  But the star of the meal was the mackerel battera.  Lettuce leaf sandwiched by rice is cut in cubes and topped with thin piece of cooked mackerel.  That sounds pretty standard, but the rice was perfectly cooked and seasoned and the mackerel was just salty enough to provide a load of flavor.  Honestly this is the best sushi rice I've had, possibly ever.We are coming back here to try some other interesting dishes on their menu.  It's probably a 4.5 star overall given the excellent service, but I'll give it a 4 since I would say much of what we had probably measures up to a 4 (except the battera).Table-for-1 Factor:  They have a bar area much like a sushi bar where you can sit, order, and watch them make your food.  So I think it would certainly be good for 1 in much the same way as sushi bars would be.
5	Yu-Yu is a great find. The service is excellent and the food is constantly good.
3	The Japanese pickles and the seared beef tongue were good.  But the sashimi salad had some limp greens and the dressing was a little on the sweet side.The yellowtail carpaccio was a little bland.Servers were very attentive.  Atmosphere and decorations were nice.
4	come here for lunch almost once a week. i like that restaurant is clean. food always comes fast and is as good as usual, servers are friendly and attentive.
5	Deep fried goodness with an amazing selection & attentive service.  I'm a huge fan & I usually don't like fried food!  I will be back!
5	The lunch special are delicious, reasonably priced.  I ordered the Mix fry and it was more than filling.  The tuna sashimi is excellent.  The server explains the food items if you don't know what they are.  The dining area is small and the sushi bar seats 8.  The best place for Japanese food in Vegas.
5	The place to come for great small bites and sashimi, sake and my favorite..kushiage jidori (fried chicken) Great environment, awesome staff and a must!!!!
4	If you're a deep fried lover and love Japanese cuisine then go here!!! Staff is nice and the place is very cute!
4	Much better than I remember - every kushiage was fantastic. All very lightly breadcrumbed and perfectly fried. The standouts were the okra, mochi mentaiko, kisa, quail egg, garlic, beef tongue, sea bass, octopus, bacon-wrapped scallop, and smelt. Again, you can pretty much throw a dart at the kushiage menu and you'll love what you get.A pitcher of Asahi is average deal at $16.This restaurant *is* violating Yelp terms of service by incentivizing customers with 10% off their bill if they write a new positive Yelp review on the spot.
5	I love Yu-Yu so much. The kurobuta hirekatsu is the best!!! I love the miso soup too! it's a great place!!!!!
4	Good food and service, although I would have preferred the Kushiage bar items to be grilled instead of fried.
5	Excellent food and very friendly servers! Top in Vegas !!Good price, fresh food. Perfect
5	Authentic Japanese food right in the middle of Chinatown! Love their pork katsu bowl and sashimi. Also has Ala Carte menu for you to try different appetizer in small portion.
5	Soooo many options! But I'm not surprised, since it's Ichiza's sister. Obviously not as great as ichiza, but it's quick and simple! Perfect for a quick authentic Japanese lunch!
5	Excellent service and exceptional food. Heard about this restaurant through Yelp and decided to try it. Has. To have their Tonkatsu and it wasn't a dissapointment. I am a frequent visitor to Japan and it is as good if not better to a lot of restaurants there. We love it here. Highly recommended.
5	Amazing. Gizzards, tongue, pork loin, octopus, kisu all tasted fresh and clean. A must go to for all
5	This Place was so delicious. Perfect for groups. Have to order the skewers deep-fried but amazing. Plus, they suggested a lot of great options that I wouldn't have chosen otherwise. I'm very glad that they did some of the best I've ever had.
4	Nice little dinner spot. Some good food here I brought my G/F and her daughter here tonight I have to say we were all very please with the quality of the food and the taste as well. We tried the Salmon avocado salad and the short rib steak , the fried chicken and the 10pc chef choice appetizer. Everything we had was really tasty. We will be coming back
5	First kushiage place I've been to in Vegas an it was so delicious I didn't get any pictures because I ate everything so fast! A really good place for beer and fried skewers. Also the anmitsu ice cream and homemade pudding are yummy!
4	Stopped by here after a day trip to the Grand Canyon. They specialize in kushiage which is perfect with beer (too bad I'm driving!). I ordered mainly the meat skewers and they're deep fried to to perfection (most places over cook the meat). I'd come back again (and not be a driver).
5	I am in Las Vegas for awhile, and a good friend took me to Yu-Yu for Kushi-age. It's awesome.  Wonderful food and very down to Earth.  Get a bowl of rice and some clear soup with your Kushi-age.  Why isn't this in the rest of America?!
4	First time having Kushiage.  If you love fried foods and yakitori than you'll love this place.  you order like you would at a yakitori place.  Had the quail eggs , onions, shrimp, pork.  Really good quality cuts of meat.  Fried perfectly.  Good dipping sauces.
5	When we are craving Japanese food, we always come here!  We must eat the yellowtail carpaccio, jidori chicken, salmon skin salad, eggplant, and salmon avocado salad!  The prices are so reasonable and the service is excellent. If you want authentic Japanese food, you must dine here.
5	Food is delicious very nice and clean place to eat I had the spicy tuna roll I enjoyed my tome here. I had lunch with my kids and mom they also enjoyed it. My first trying Japanese food
5	Tasty food, neat style and great service!!  Big fan of authentic Japanese food! I think it's a relatively newer restaurant but still gets busy around 7pm the dinner time!!! Also they have tapas and today special menu!! Big variety of food as your choices. Chilled noodles is my favorite dish!!!
5	We were greeted by very friendly staff, and there's a cozy clean environment. Great location in Chinatown. As for the food, I'm impressed. It's really delicious and fresh, just as good as Ichiza nearby. Authentic Japanese. And I asked for a custom ingredients roll, and they made exactly what I asked for and named it after me :D so cute. I will absolutely be back..
5	Whenever I find a Japanese restaurant that is not only staffed by Japanese people, but the customers are Japanese as well...it makes a good impression. I had the Hirekatsu. My mom is from Japan and an excellent cook and this rivaled her home made version. The meat was tender and the portion size was filling. I went with my mother to try it out and she had the Mix Plate. She, too, was impressed by the flavor of the food. The atmosphere was quiet, clean and quaint. We come to Vegas a few times a year and will definitely keep this place on the list of places to eat!
5	I just love this place. The atmosphere is tranquil and very nice. The staff and customer service is amazing, so nice. The food, yum! I loved everything. My favorite was the tempura noodles.
5	Amazing deep fried skewers and authentic Japanese dishes cooked to perfection.Atmosphere is nice and comfortable, feels like home. Must try
5	Love this place. Deep fried appetizers are unique and tasty! Sashimi bowl was fresh and delicious. Restaurant is clean and comfy.
5	I have been many time. Never get disappointed. Always well prepared food with authentic japanese flavor. I always recomend this place to people
5	Whenever we come to Las Vegas, we try to stay away from the restaurants on The Strip. Thanks to Yelp we found this gem in Chinatown! Parking is ample since it's in a plaza. The server we had was courteous and attentive. The place is small but quaint and well-decorated.They have the kushiage specials. We ordered the chicken meatballs, bacon wrapped asparagus, onion, zucchini, and mushroom. My 3-yr old daughter loved them! For our entree, I got the pork cutlet bowl. Very tasty and the serving is huge for 2. We also got the mini ginger bowl that is good enough for one adult serving. Lastly, we ordered the Salmon Battera Baked Tofu. It's so good. The first time we had it, ever.This is now a go-to restaurant for us when we visit Vegas. Greatly recommended!
4	Yu yu is an enjoyable experience all around. The ambience is nice, it is well decorated, clean, and quiet. The service is great - the servers are all friendly and the food is delivered at a good pace. Obviously, the most important aspect of the experience is the food. I have yet to find something on the menu that I haven't enjoyed. Tonight, we tried the big eye tuna with avocado sauce (a current kushiage special) - it was excellent, I'd highly recommend it. Make sure to request their special ponzu and misokatsu sauces, they go great with almost anything you can order.
5	This is my second time coming for lunch & both times the food was delicious. I ordered the Saba (grilled mackerel). It came with rice and a soup filled with vegetables that was delicious!!My friend ordered the oyakodon (chicken and egg bowl). Both meals were very big and filling. The servers are good too!
4	A typical Japanese restaurant full of good surprises and warmness. Very good location too. Unique hapiness you want to keep forever.
4	It was  not what I was originally looking for.   But was pleasantly surprised at how good it was......everything was  very fresh  the homemade dressings were excellent as was the service. ...definitely will return!
5	Love the pork ear and baked tofu!!! The service is excellent, the so does the food. We had the pork cutlets, beef tongue, and baked mochi. Definitely recommend this place.
5	This place rocks, pork bowl is awesome!!! and service is very nice! we'll come back again and again and again
4	Very friendly. Good service. Great prices. Lots of variety and different kinds of Japanese food.  Will come back and try the lunch menu next time.
5	This is my second time in yuyu, the food are really delicious and the staffs are very friendly.
5	This is our second time here & my husband & I love coming here for the Kushiage menu... I love all the deep fried goodness!! Their sashimi is really, really fresh & delicious!! We'll definitely be regulars here...
4	We stopped in for a light supper. We started with some veggies and then had the baked tofu salad. Food was hot and fresh. It was too much fried food in one sitting for me but it was delicious.
1	WARNING!!! YELP REVIEW IS INFLATED!If you show them your yelp review they give you 10% off your bill so I'm giving one star to offset all the fake 5s. Food quality is roughly a 2. Everything here is basically ordered a la cart which is fine but it all ends up tasting the same. Anything fried in a decent tasting batter is hard to screw up. The menu is a labyrinth of jumbled words. The food quality was average and was cooked by a chef who looked so miserable I felt he was only moments away from sticking his head into the boiling pot of oil.  Was not worth the time, money or calories. We ended up leaving and going elsewhere for dinner
5	The beer - draft Anahi is super fresh and good. The waiter is super nice!!!! Love the food and it's very welcome, friendly place.
5	Since Yu-Yu's has opened I have become a regular customer, once a week and have brought several friends, many from Japan, who can be quite picky about their Japanese food.  They in turn have come back and brought their friends.  I enjoy the simple fare, such as their oyako donburi which is extremely well prepared, the best.  They serve it with a home made soup called butajiro which is excellent!  In addition the owner is a top-ranked go player.
5	We had a craving for sushi during our Vegas trip and of all the vast locations to choose from, we decided to try Yu Yu. We thought it was a sushi bar but it is actually a bit more unique then that. It does have the familiar selection of sushi/sashimi but on top of that, it is also a Tapas bar. The prime rib steak is exceptional, sushi was fresh and delicious, and the service was top notch! Highly recommended!
5	4 times I've been here. The food is awesome and the service.  No doubt the best Japanese restaurant Ichiban!
5	Service is very attentive, food is excellent! I've been searching everywhere for the mackerel battera sushi! Got a mixed plate of the skewers, they were awesome.
5	We are big fans of Ichiza, so we finally had to give their sister restaurant a try. Great food, friendly service, clean/welcoming environment and good prices! We tried various kushi-age items (like avocado, octopus, sweet onion) that were all delicious. Also got the tempura noodle bowl, which was very flavorful and filling! Definitely plan on coming here more often.
5	Everything is so good!!Especially, Kushi and beef tongues.I love this place.You should come here!!!^o^
5	Its been a month i been here. Today i find new set menu at yu yu for the lunch. Its tonkatsu deluxe set with sashimi. Such a deal foe lunch special. Always meet expectation.
4	The best chicken katsu I've had this far in Vegas!!! And the we received an amazing service from the staff, they were super friendly and attentive.
5	I've heard so many good things about Yu-Yu and let me tell you... I'm glad that I came here!  This really brought me back to Japan and everything is to die for!  The tonkatsu is out of this world!  Prices are very reasonable and portions sizes are perfect!  The service was just as awesome and the wait staff are so kawaii!!!  Arigato Sanae-chan and Aoi-chan!
5	First time here! wonderful real Japanese food. Service is great also! We will come back again for sure!
4	Spicy and delicious.  Friendly staff and chef was accommodating.   I would come here again if in the area.
5	Spicy Udon is very awesome!!!!!! The Yu-Yu special udon is awesome too!!!  I bought my Japanese girlfriend here and she says she wants to work here and that the waitress speaks very cute Japanese!!! And then she says not cute in Japan and I say Nooooooooooooooooooo don't say thaaaaaaaaattttttt!!!
4	It is the best restaurant that I have ever eaten at!They have the best house salad! The service was excellent! They have the best soup I have ever tasted!had a  great time!
5	Husband and I love this place! The food and service are excellent! Husband likes the pork  and vegetable skewers. I really like the mochi mentaiko, octopus, and the quail egg :') we are definitely coming back! Skewers FTW!!
5	Yu yu is my must go Japanese restaurant when visiting Vegas .Love the food And the atmosphere there.
4	It is the best restaurant that I have ever eaten at!They have the best house salad! The service was excellent! The waitress was so friendly and helpful .They have the best soup I have ever tasted!had a  great time!
5	Attentive, polite service.  Menu has good variety and food tasty.  Safe choice for picky eaters.  Dining room clean.and not crowded.
4	Good kushi katsu vegas. Been here 2 times now. 1st grand opening time. Seems a lot busier now. Nice staff. Great lunch specials
5	Just recently moved back from Japan & so grateful for this restaurant! Tastes just like home. Clean, relaxing atmosphere. You can go with your family, or with a date, or with a group if friends. Friendly staff. Can't go wrong here. Last time I went I had their carbonara udon. Was a bit skeptical at first but it was delicious!
5	Amazing food and great service! The server was very friendly and helpful. Will definitely be back!
3	This is our first time here and we came in without any reservations but we got our table in a minute! On point  services and the food is good too!
5	Came back for another round! Brought my dad down and this is now his favorite Japanese restaurant. He even likes it better than Ichiza! We wouldn't expect any less knowing that they are owned by the same people. This time we tried Chicken Katsu, Tonkatsu and Hirekatsu. All delicious and all well worth the money. Quiet, clean and friendly staff. The perfect place for an authentic Japanese meal.
4	Great food and affordable tooOrdered the salmon dish and oyakudon both were yummy. Wish I had photos to post but gobbled it right away.
4	Good food, nice place, cozy as well. ;)   the tune yukke was super bomb and servers are very nice too! They dont forcue u to leave or something like other restuant ;)  overall, it was good place with reasonable price!
4	Great service! We ordered bunch of food and sat over at the counter. Sashimi plate was fresh and affordable. The prime rib steak is really good and our little one had the age dashi tofu. Overall, a great family atmosphere and will come back again!
5	Fried pork cutlet is very good and authentic, just like you eat in Japan! The sashimi is decent.  We also try the kushiage. Price is very decent for lunch specials. Prompt service. Clean and comfortable decorations!Good and big portion !!! We definitely will come back to try more foods!
5	Amazing food and excellent service. The staff here is very friendly and patient. The seared beef tongue is a must buy. It's definitely the place to visit if you're a Japanese food lover.
5	Just sat down, everything smells amazing and service could have not been better. Can't wait for our food.
5	I love Yu-Yu for authentic Japanese comfort food. They make the udon noodles here as well as all the delicious sauces. I recommend it as one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. The prices are awesome too!
5	Best Japanese food in Las Vegas! The spicy salmon roll was excellent and the service was great.
5	This was my 5 th time eating here so far! It is still my all time favorite restaurant! The food is pure perfection!!! The service is out of this world and the food is truely amazing,  I had the spider roll and it tasted like heaven. I also had the salmon advocado salad and it is a must try!The waitresses go out if their way to provide excelent service,
5	Undecided on what to have for lunch so we turned to Yelp. Found Yu Yu and can see why this place is rated so high. Great service and good food! Atmosphere is nice. Dining area is clean with a contemporary Asian theme.Oyako Don was delicious and spicy tuna roll was tasty. I highly recommend this place!
5	Seekers were amazing. Mackerel Barrera was amazing. Yu Yu sushi was great!Server was very accommodating
5	Welcome to the Kushi Age.  I have to admit to not knowing what Kushi Age is, but I love this place.  I've eaten a lot of sushi and this place ranks right up there with some of the best.   We went during lunch hours and were amazed at the affordable options.  You can order many ways here.  You can order a la carte or do what we did which was order some combos to split.  There is a $19.99 special that almost has enough to feed two.  It includes some really awesome Katsu along with soup, salad, some condiments, and a bowl or rice.  On top of that is a beautiful bowl of sashimi.   The katsu is served with the sauce on the side which is much better than the usual practice of pouring it on top.I also ordered a sushi bowl for $8.50 that is basically like a chirashi bowl.  The miso soup is unusual in that it contains things not commonly in most miso soups - namely meat and I think radish.  It was really good.  Another unusual thing they do here is to give you a big bowl full of fresh toasted sesame seeds in a grinding bowl which you can sprinkle on everything from the salad to the katsu.   The presentation of every dish is really wonderful, but the best part is the food.  The fish is excellent.  I'm a huge fan of mackerel which is a fish that is often of poor quality, but the quality of their mackerel alone is among the top three I have ever eaten.  The other fish was also excellent.  Now apparently we didn't even order their specialty which is like katsu on a stick, so next time we will sample some other items.  There are also many small tapas size items to choose from.  The menu is quite extensive with many options.
5	We had a great night here. We started with the soup which was outstanding. We had salmon salad again and it was great as usual. Next. We had the spider roll which was soo good! Today we also had ice tonight so yummy
5	This place truly exceed your expectations.  Dont judge the food from the outside! The food is so good and worth every penny you spend! Just try it! You wont regret this decision!
4	The place is really homie-feel because of the ambience. They also have a really good selection of food and I think their specialty here are the skewers. We ordered the Deluxe Tonkatsu Combination which is $19.50, Salmon Baterra which is $7.50, and some skewers. For first timers we thought it's really good but, we are still coming back for the second run.
5	Very unique and very inexpensive. It seems like they have responded to some of the Yelp reviews and are bringing back some favorite items.  The place was filled with Japanese people so, that's a good sign of authenticy. Waiter was super friendly and very knowledgeable. I will go there again and recommend Tonjiru and garlic chicken gizzard!!!
4	The staff was great and the concept is interesting...Kashi Age is essentially Panko tempura done a la carte.  Pretty greasy, but fun.  The cabbage bowl that came gratis was a little weird, chunky and un-dressed.  However the cucumber salad and chilled baby Bok Choy greens were lovely, if a bit small.  Good not mind blowing.
5	Everything was great!   Portions were good, huge variety of quality food & service was excellent.  We had a variety of kushiage (small fried items), sushi & udon.  Everything was fresh & great quality.  Yuzu sorbet is also great & refreshing end to a meal!
5	I enjoyed the squid and octopus with fried caper that were very refreshing. This place is very clean and nice ambient.
5	Very good service, very authentic Japanese food. Worth the price. Once you came here, you will come here again and again!
4	Good place
5	So far, every experience I have had with this place has been a positive one.  The service is pretty good and the food is delicious.   We ordered the tonkatsu special for $20 which included the tonkatsu of course, potato salad, cabbage salad, potato salad, miso soup, sashimi,  cold tofu, tamago, and dessert. We also ordered egg plant, zucchini,  breast with mozzarella,  bacon wrapped enoki,  and bacon wrapped scallop kushiage.The tonkatsu was thick and juicy. It's also a good size plus it was cooked perfectly. The salads were salads. I don't have much to say about them.  The miso soup is one of the best ones I've ever had.  It's because it doesn't just consist of tofu and seaweed, it also has vegetables and mushrooms. The sashimi tasted fresh. The cold tofu and tamago was pretty normal.  All the kushiage were cooked perfectly.  Just order what kind you find interesting because all of them will taste good.  I love love love the yuzu sorbet. Definitely a place to check out.
5	Once again I had a wonderful time. They w very busy it the service was still great! We had the salmon salad was so yummy!the sushie tasted perfect
5	Tasty, yet not greasy, kushi katsu skewers. The sashimi was good, the small size is plenty for 3 or 4 people. Beef tongue was thinly sliced, but MOIST & JUICY, as Ken Tom would say.
5	servers are friendly. Yummy yummy.
5	We came here for lunch and we were seated immediately although it was really busy. The server was very friendly and attentive. I ordered the minced meat and mozzarella and my mom got the chicken katsu. Both were very good! We will be coming back here again soon
5	Ordered the mini sashimi bowel for lunch based on the yelp review. I was very happy with the choice. Added another order of salmon sashimi and enjoy the flavor & texture. Excellent service and clean, simple setting. Highly recommended and I will go back again.
5	Being so close to CHristmas tonight we was looking for a special place to eat. although we have been here several times we knew that we could get top quality food and a great atmosphere ; so, there was no other choose. The food was except!! Once again, the salmon salad was the best!!thank u
4	The chilled udon wasn't the best hahaBut I have to admit. The service was excellent and I love the sashimi. :) will come again next time and choose something better to rate for a five star ;)
5	My party and I arrived at 11:30am when it opened and we were the first people there. Therefore we had all the restaurant to ourselves! It was so nice, and the service was the greatest. I thought it couldn't get better until I actually ate the food. The food and the plates they were on were very pretty. I had the Combination Tonkatsu Special. (If you're a big eater then I would suggest ordering for yourself, but if you're not, then sharing it is a good idea.) all the side dishes were so good and the Tonkatsu itself was great. So easy to bite into and perfectly fried. I would definitely recommend it.The prices are great too! Especially since there is a 10% off when you write a yelp review. (This place honestly is very good.)Now, here are my suggestions to others, if they have doubts about coming. If you don't like very Japanese food then I wouldn't suggest you come here. This place is very authentic. And if you have any questions about how to eat any of the dishes, then definitely ask, the servers are very nice. Otherwise, I would definitely recommend this place to others!
5	This place is great. I love the deluxe tomcats u combination and seared beef tongue. server is also very friendly.
5	Excellent skewers at reasonable price. Ordered 15 piece combo and a few sided orders, enough to feed 2 adults and one child.
5	Kushiage! I'm a fan of anything on a skewer, and Yu-Yu does it right! Meat, veggies, even bacon wrapped scallops  So happy! I came with two friends, and we were seated immediately. Sake selection is good and I cannot say enough about the skewers - so many options available. Good for friends, a date, or even a night with the kids. Definitely coming back soon!
5	Very nice restaurant, reasonable prices and delicious food. Also the waitress was really nice and attentive and happily explained anything on the menu I was unsure of.
5	Good late night Japanese food. Fair prices and nice decor. Will definitely come back because it's better than most of the other Japanese restaurants out there
5	Great food at reasonable prices!!!! I highly recommend this place.... service is fast and venue is very clean. I had a party of for workmates and we got done with lunch within 40 minutes.
5	Authentic Japanese food! Owned by Japanese, served by Japanese! You can taste the freshness and quality!
4	We've been here multiple times and they never disappoint. The cost can add up if you're very hungry, but most of the prices are fair for the type and quality of the food. The servers always seem a bit flustered, but the service is good overall. If you like Japanese food, it's a good choice if you're wanting to try something different from the regular sushi places.
5	They opened a few minutes early to let us in and get warm.  The service was fast and courteous.   I had Katsudon, Garlic Chicken gizzard, and beef tongue.  Every dish was perfectly cooked and delicious.  Will visit again and again and again.
4	Can I just take a moment and say how happy I am that I made the move to Las Vegas from Houston? Las Vegas has opened my eyes, mouth, and stomach to so many different kind of Japanese foods that I never got a chance to experience in TX. From different kinds of ramen, to yakitori, and now KUSHI-AGE..And so, here is my review for my new found Japanese delight..Yu-Yu shares the same parking lot as 99 Ranch, and just located right in front of it in a separate building structure. It's a somewhat small restaurant that has 7 to 8 tables that could fit 4 people each, and about 7 seats around a sushi bar. You're given a sheet and a pencil to mark what items and the quantity of each item you'd like, much like a sushi restaurant. They have a full menu of all sorts of different options (ramen, katsudon, sushi bowls, etc.)  if you're looking for something more hearty. Kushi-age (a Japanese dish of seasoned, skewered and grilled meat --thanks Wikipedia) definitely doesn't fill my stomach up but it most certainly hits the spot. It comes with side seasonings for you to dip the deep fried yumminess to make it even ...more yummy. One thing I'd probably never leave here without is the tuna topped with quail egg dish. SOO GOOD.4 out of 5 stars because each skewer is about $1 - $3 and only comes one per order so you can rack up the bill pretty quick without even getting that full. But honestly, you should control your deep fried eating portions anyway -- my healthy subconscious speaking out loud -- she's so annoying sometimes. Write a yelp review and get 10% off your bill! ^_-
5	We originally wanted to go to Ichiza but were sad to find they weren't open until 5. Luckily, we found their sister restaurant Yu Yu and I am SO glad we tried it out.We had no idea what Kushiage was but it's basically all different kinds of skewers made to order and you get all these different sauces with them. Their lunch specials are a really great value. We tried everything from the veggies, chicken, beef, and seafood. OH and their miso soup is to die for.One last thing about this place, their service is AMAZING. All of the waitresses were so sweet and helpful, especially for us first timers. They explained all the items and sauces it came with and always offered refills and made sure we were happy. I'm definitely coming back here again soon.
2	Yu-Yu is an average kushiage restaurant.  The food is not bad, but it's not totally exceptional, either.  No particular dishes stood out to me as particularly special nor delectable.  However, they do offer a good lunch special that is very stomach-filling.  I found myself often annoyed by the staff here.  They showed a lack of communication between themselves and were not too efficient.  Yu-Yu isn't a bad restaurant, it's just not as great as I expected it to be.
5	The food here is really delicious. I tried pork fillet which I never eaten in other Japanese restaurant. That's wonderful.
5	Came here with my girlfriend during Xmas for lunch. Their lunch special is awesome and we ordered the pork cutlet combo and 6 pieces screws! The portion is huge and cannot finish! The service is good and I will highly recommend this place!
4	The food is fresh and tasty. Service is friendly. The shop is a little bit small but quite clean. This is the Christmas night, we did not wait for a seat. Will try again.
2	With first impression, this place seemed like a great choice. Good food selections and okay prices. However, make sure you have plenty of time for the chefs and waitresses to delay your day. We had a group of 9 and we all ordered fairly simple stuff. I had the deluxe mixed fry combo which was a decent deal. After i finished my meal, 30 minutes~ we are still waiting for 3 entrees to be served. How hard is it to make 2 tonkotsu wiyh rice and a rainbow roll? It ended up late by 1 hour.... Most people would have left or canceled by then but its hard to move a wheelchaired grandparent to another food place. Theres also other tables that ordered much later than us that are getting their tonkotsu. They didnt forget, because i reminded them every 15 minutes. Its funny because everyone else has finished their meal and im here sitting in the restaurant typing this review. The food itself was decent. Everyone was well made but theres nothing to write home about. Free green tea as well. If service wasnt bad, this would be a 3.5 star. Another thing to watch out for, the reviews here are highly inflated, you get 10% off for writing a review for them while youre there. Dont come here unless you want to start with lunch and end with dinner.
4	They have a lot of varieties, you can have sushi, yakitori, katsu, udon and tonkatsu. Their miso soup has a good & thick flavor w/ lots of mushroom &  meat. Ramen soup is pretty good as well. Pork loin is kinda too fatty though. You should get pork fillet instead. Disclaimer: get 10% off for writing them a review on yelp
4	This restaurant was recommended from my parent.  Very small within the Chinese mall just outside the strip.  Food on it's way.
4	Their tapas r good!  Their sashimi is pretty fresh.  Not to mention their customer service!  All of the staff are friendly and helpful!  I would come here again if I visit Vegas next time.
5	The service is friendly - they treat you like family here!  The atmosphere is traditional yet modern and the restaurant is clean and sleek.  The food is fresh and delicious!  The have a great variety of dishes, but the tonkatsu here is an absolute MUST!
2	My son enjoyed Tonkatsu dinner. Most dishes are ok but Ousters, tofu, & vegetables were disappointing. Kushiage was very small. Alcohol drink was expensive. Service was slow and they keep forgetting what we ordered for drink and others. We might not come back here again.
4	Great individual portions and delicious food! It was fun having the skewers/tapas idea and I enjoyed the dipping sauce with the spicy salt on top. It is definitely worth trying a variety of skewers along with a full meal. The staff is friendly and overall we had a great experience!
5	Their Lunch menu, especially Katsudon, are awesome!!  I live in Bay Area but I gotta come back here to try their dinner menu too!!
5	Sashimi and rice bowls were stellar, would highly recommend. Will definitely be coming back in the future.
5	Yu Yu is short for Yum Yum! Delicious. I would come back. The sushi is so fresh. Best karage I've had.
5	If you are looking for a decent Japanese kushi age restaurant in Las Vegas China town, this is a place you can visit. It was the first time we tried this placed after searching yelp and I would come back to this location when I come back to Vegas next time.We ordered the Kurobuta dinner set, 15 kushi age set and few chose your own kushi age.  All the food came out really fast. The only thing is be careful what you order A la cart kushi age. There is some you may not enjoy... Great value!
5	Today we came a little earlier than usual but everything was still really good!the salmon salad was so good!!!! We had the crunchy roll sgain and the sauce was amazing like usual! I'm glad we chose to eat brunch here today. The service was quick and friendly! I highly recommend this place !
4	Recommended by few people and finally got to try this place. I'm in love!On Sunday night at 4:30pm the place was empty and we were the only one there. Got seated by a friendly server immediately and he gave us some time to look at the menu. Here's what we ordered:Salmon & avocado salad: salmon and avocado on a salad with house Japanese citrus dressing and spicy mayo. Amazing~!Seared, sliced and chilled prime beef: thinly sliced beef with homemade ponzu. Interesting sauce and beef was good.Pork cutlet bowl: 6-8 slices of pork katsu on rice. Good flavor!Overall very pleased with the experience. Will be back again.
5	This place serves GREAT authentic Japanese food!! Their kushi-katsu are the bomb!
4	First time having Kushiage and WHAT A PLESANT SURPRISE! Here for a Boyz 2 Men concert and was craving Japanese food. Stumbled upon Yu-Yu and am so glad we did.Sashimi was GOOD and the pricing was SOOOPUH reasonable. The Kushiage was well seasoned and the sauce that came with it complemented the dish very well. Surprisingly very light considering it was deep fried.Overall a definite gem! Come here if you need a break from the chaos (the strip). Service was EGGCELENT btw.4.5 overall for price, taste, and service.
5	What a gem of a place. Excellent service and delicious food!! Came for the lunch special and got more food than I expected. I was blown away by the miso soup that came with the special - I will definitely be back!
5	Japanese owned and run. It's authentic Japanese Izakaya place and famous for its kushiage. It's also really reasonably priced. And would highly recommend its winter hot pot specials.
4	Good food and a fun experience.  Fried Japanese delights, sushi and awesome appetizers.
4	Ate at Yu Yu with the BF while on vacation. Don't let the faux-Chinatown strip mall location fool you! The chef and much of the staff was Japanese, which was a good sign for the food to come. Ordered the Kurobuta pork tonkatsu special and was surprised by the portion size - great value and tasty too! Would also recommend anything bacon-wrapped from the skewer list and the grilled beef tongue. Server was very helpful in making suggestions. Would come back anytime I need a break from my crippling slot machine addiction.
5	I love the environment at the restaurant! This is a good kushiage restaurant in Las Vegas and food is fresh.
5	Wow!! I love places that actually have traditional delicious food that is true to the country of good origin. I go to Japan frequently and this place reminds me of a place you would find there. It has fresh sashimi, noodles, and kushi age. The best!!! Fresh!! I would recommend to anyone who wants good japanese food.
4	Ambience is clean lined, calm, cozy and inviting. Japanese pop songs playing softly overhead and energetic greeting from the waitress are a plus. My husband loved his Szechuan style spicy udon ($8.50). I find the Mini Chicken Ginger bowl ($5.50) good size for one with the pan-fried chicken pieces neatly cut, skin-on, tender, and very flavorful. Also we ordered Pork Cutlet bowl ($9.50) and Chicken & Egg bowl ($7.50) to share amount one adult and three kids. The rice portions are big and the pork cutlets delicious, sauce just right. A great place for family or for dates. Didn't get to try their tapas or kushiage bar. Next time definitely.
5	The kushiage is really good. If you sit at the sushi bar you can see them make it, which is really awesome! The squid, bacon wrapped asparagus, and the chicken meatball kushiage were delicious! Great service as well! Warning: the spicy udon is REALLY spicy
5	Great location! We ordered chicken Tonkatsu and an egg and rice bowl! The food was delicious and it didn't take long for the food to come out. Our waiter was kind enough to answer any questions we had! Definitely coming back again!
4	Everything is good food is tasty, but the pork hot pot is salty and according to waitress that Chinese people always cannot take that salty. The service is good, like it
4	Great food at great prices. Fast service. Nice atmosphere. Wud definitely repeat. the tonkatsu was very good, Yu Yu soup was tasty. They even let u grind ur own sesame
5	This is our first time at YUYU. Food was very yummy and service was excellent. Very good place to go with your family.
5	Stumbled in this place for the first time tonight. Really clean look and fun atmosphere. Very unique menu and a great selection!  I had the salmon skin salad, tempura shrimp roll and the Szechuan udon soup. All of them were beautifully prepared and as fresh as they come. Ill be coming back!
5	Authentic Japanese tastiness....light and tasty for kushiage!!! Should be a great choice when considering Raku, Ichiza, or Kyara!!!!!!! Who ever thought fried boiled eggs would be so tasty!
