4	Definitely among my top 5 favorite poker rooms in Vegas.  It is very plush and elegant with super modern architectural design.  There are fewer tables but more room between than Bellagio's room, but not as spacious as the Venetian.  The lighting is dimmer than most other rooms so forget wearing shades if you expect to be able to see your hole cards.  The floor personnel and dealers are all top notch and very professional.  Like the Bellagio, there is an elevated area for higher-stakes games and a separate "Ivey" room with a glass door and single table where you will often see pros and other ultra-high stakes players.  I would rate this room a 5 if there were more late night quick dining options.  The nearby snack bar and coffee/bakery both close after a certain hour and a floor man told me he wasn't aware of any other quick dining options in the casino.
5	The room is spacious and conveniently located.  They spead the games I like (except no 15-30) and the air is pretty clean.  (other casinos are very close to smokers and you end up smelling bad after a couple of hours).  Best of all, the weekends are full of fish.  Younger kids who watch too much tv poker, drunk foreigners and crazy loose asian players are all around.  Definitely good action in the weekends.
5	Probably one of the best looking poker rooms I've been to so far. Nice and classy with a slightly softer table so you can pick up the cards easier. The chairs are also nice since they're adjustable in height. The added bonus was all the ridiculously attractive women that were passing by through the casino in their Halloween costumes which frequently distracted my game play....so if you're a guy facing the casino during Halloween, I'd recommend you to request to face the wall or something.One other thing, don't get too drunk while playing poker (this is probably a given already) but the servers there are amazingly gorgeous and I must have tipped more than I should have.....numerous times....
5	Spacious, sexy, soft.  But as a poker player, do you give a hoot?Open space. Clean air, but yet again, do you poker players out there care?Well, I know 1 player that does, and according to him, everything about this place is f*#king fantastic...the tables, the chairs and yes, the action.
5	This was by far my favorite poker room in Vegas. It's clean and modern. Their service is great and their dealers are very professional. The level of play is a little above average. It wasn't busy when I went but it was late at night. I stayed and played for hours and hours. They had a limited selection of games but were quick to open up more tables as interest lists filled up. I played at the low stakes NL Hold 'Em tables and did pretty well so maybe I'm biased. The seats are very comfortable if you are looking to stay a while.
4	I stayed at the Aria Wednesday through Sunday and got to play a decent amount in their poker room.  The staff is excellent and the room itself is great.  Very comfortable, lightning fast drink service and TVs to watch sports.  They have 2 daily tourneys (starting at 1 pm & 7 pm), each with a buy-in of $125.  They also allow you to buy in late, but no add-ons.  I think it's a great format and they give solid payouts.  Their tournament director Aaron couldn't have been any better.  The only problem is the lack of games.  They're always running small NL games like 3-5, but little else.....unless you're playing the $200-400 mixed game, which let's be honest - you aren't if you're reading this review.  I'll definitely be back to play in their tournaments.
5	Geat place to play cards. Restrooms are close and pretty much dedicated to the room. No smoke. Good service. No problems.
5	The Aria is probably the best part about Vegas. For those of you who feel, like I do, that Vegas is kitchy and you can only enjoy/ignore that when you're slightly buzzed, the Aria complex is a completely different experience. The architecture here is mindblowing from the outside and the inside is decorated with warm wood accents. The City Center, of which Aria is the central part, was a project designed by the Ehrenkrantz, Eckstut & Kuhn Architects and many of its buildings are LEED certified. I was very impressed with it - to the point where I think Vegas might be bearable during future trips. :)
4	I really wanted this place to be awesome. I really did. It has every ingredient of an awesome poker room: 5 star resort, plenty of tables, and the endorsement of the world's best poker player, Phil Ivey. The thing is, its just not that cool. I don't like the location in the casino itself, its kind of in an awkward, dull corner, that is very unimpressive. They also didn't have as many games running as I had anticipated. It just seems that everyone was expecting big action to move from Bellagio to Aria once they built a room in honor of Phil, but it just didn't happen. I guess the pros came and sniffed the same thing I did: the musk of mediocrity the surrounds this room. That being said there is also nothing wrong with this room. BUT its just not as good as some of the others in Vegas. If you are looking to play 1/2 I would suggest playing at the Mirage (seriously you'd be surpsised). If you are looking to play 2/5, here is fine, Venetian is about the same, and  Bellagio is just a tad better. Anything above 2/5 Bellagio is gonna be way more accommodating.
4	This past week was only my third time playing in a tournament, so I have few points of reference (only the MGM if you must know). Right now the price is $125 for $8,000 in chips. As I said in my quick tip: comfy chairs. They also lean back quiet a ways too, that caught me by surprise.All of dealers were nice. All of them! They were professional and made small talk sometimes and happily greeted the regulars. I thought it was a good poker crowd. It seemed like everyone was there to enjoy themselves.My only con was I was at table 7, which was in the corner and we were constantly neglected by the cocktail waitress. I only wanted a water every now and then, but some people at our table were getting really irritated by the fact that she wouldn't come by. Our dealer had to yell at her at one point. Four hours later and with 18 out of 80 players left, another player and I went all in...I lost on the river, teehee. Good times though.Also, some well known players were there. That guy won 1.6 million last week? The big guy with the beard. He was one of them. IDK who he is, but a lot of the people at my table were excited to see him. That's all.
4	I'd say Aria PR is a close 3rd behind Belaggio and Venetion.  Room was well appointed, great chairs, but a bit cramped.  Ample tables for low-mid limit players (1/3 and 2/5).   The comp system is fantanstic: $2/hr all day and $3/hr from 5a-10a.  Redemption for food was a breeze.  They also offer a poker rate after 5hrs of play.  See Kathleen.  There was a game going in Ivey's room each day of my stay; ranged from 100-100 PLO to 400-800 mix.
5	Great action, game selection and friendly helpfull staff. This is my new favorite place to play poker in Vegas. Pretty cool to rub elbows with some of the biggest names in the game too. Last time I visited I saw Hellmuth and Dan (Jungleman) Cates playing, the time before that Greenstein and Bellande were there. Good drinks and food too. Rake on their tourneys is a suck though. Haven't played one there yet so I cannot attest to strength of tourney players.
5	It's a beautiful shiny new casino. I want to give them minus 10 stars because I lost $15 on one hand of Black Jack, but I suppose that wasn't there fault. I still think it's beautiful and shiny and new in there.
4	The Aria room is visually exciting, the chairs are comfortable, and for the most part the floor staff and dealers are competent to stupendous. Unfortunately there are still a few bad egg dealers but that is to be expected in any poker room. There are a few strict dealers who like to kill hands if you are even touching your phone so be aware.The daily tournaments only draw 50-100 people on a good day but the structure and chips are good enough for above average players to dominate.
5	Great decor, professional dealers, and lots of celebrity poker players here.  Definitely worth checking out!
5	Great poker room.- Very competent dealers.- The water is FIJI water...yeah...from the FIJI Islands. - The chairs are super comfy. - The chip-runners are helpful.  - Cash on the table plays.- Drinks are free when you're playing, the Pina Coladas are on point!- Celebrity poker players can be found in the high roller poker room.- Aria pumps their entire casino with what I believe to be "vanilla oxygen."They have 1/3NL,2/5NL, and 5/10NL among other games. There's a nightly deepstack tourney for around $125.  10K in chips with good blind levels. I'm All-In!
5	Hands down the best poker room in VegasThe room is set up in a very sexy contemporary style that still has some classic hints of the old world poker room charm.  The proximity to the parking lot means that you don't have to walk the distance of half a football field to get to your table.  This also means that it's great for people watching as well.Comps are excellent at $2/hour and $3/hour from 5AM-10AM every day.  The Poker Room rates at this 5 Star resort are $79 weekdays and $139 on Weekends.  Games are excellent as you can get pretty much any game at any limit.  Aria is the "it" room these days as most of all the high stakes action has migrated here.  Low stakes action is brisk and there are always a healthy amount of tables available.  Free Wifi and charging equipment make this place very cell phone and tablet friendly.  The cocktails and service are top notch as well.
4	Love this poker room, not too big, not too small, just the size of Montreal !Good service, friendly, twitter feed is great as well.Would put this up there with Venetian and Wynn.
4	I'm a fan..BUT THEY TOOK MY MONEY!!!how can roulette hit BLACK 10 TIMES STRAIGHT!!!!
5	i love it here very contemporary compared to the bellagio and some of the other high end casinos. when i walk in i look around and feel like there's an age limit, 35 years and younger. i will be returning even if at the time i'm over 35 just to feel young and hip.
2	I'm not a poker player so this review is just about the look and feel of the Aria.  Boring.  It hardly feels like Vegas, more like a beige Californian suburb.  The slot machines also tend to block the view of the room.
4	Definitely your classic poker room in an upscale hotel. Played a tourney there. Smaller than the Venetian poker room but there are advantages to that: television screens are closer. Staff was very courteous and accommodating.Example: my brother was 6 hours into a tourney when his phone died. Aaron, at the poker room, offered to plug in his charger there so I didn't have to run the phone up to the room.Will upgrade to five stars upon repeated excellent service in the future. I am sure they will not disappoint.
5	Nice poker room,  good action.  cash plays as well as live straddles.  Waitresses are hot and come around very often. And the drink menu is whatever the bar has to offer!!  Also you will see lots of poker superstars here playing the high limits.
5	Best staffMost comfortable seatingLocated in Aria, one of the best Las Vegas HotelGreat compsGreat foodGreat table action and selectionAwesome daily tournamentIvey's room filled with who's who of pokerEnough said :)
5	This is a great room.  I played here for three sessions totaling about six hours and was impressed by the staff, the action, the comps, and the drink service.  The players were about average in skill, nobody I ran into was a loud mouthed jerk like you sometimes see, and there were always a bunch of tables going.  I even saw Huck Seed playing at a random 5-10 NL table next to mine.
4	This place was soooo fun!Great staff working with great personalities!The daily tournaments were fun to watch!I lost a sh$# load of money!So appealing to the eye and comfortable for the body, those chairs are like lazy-boys :)Will be back, for sure
5	Very nice poker room.  I can't find much to complain about, and that's saying something.  $2/hr. when playing cash games, comfortable seating, good dealers.  This is how every Vegas poker room should be!
5	Great poker room.  Clean, well run, competent dealers.  Daily tournaments have a great structure.  I only wish they offered a higher buy in (all $125), in the $300 to $500 range.  The poker room rate is also really fair.
3	Only played here once for about 2hrs over a year ago, had to wait 45 min to get a seat though with 9 people waiting.  Nice big comfy room with comfy chairs and good scenery.  Going this weekend and will play here one day to maybe have a better experience.  I have heard it has gotten a lot better and maybe I can bump it up to 4 star but I doubt it will compete with Venetian.
5	Very comfy room. Almost always a wait list in the evening hours. Great comps per/h, the dealers are great, and you'll almost always see a famous face or two, either from the poker world or celebrities in general. But... beware of the sharks. Now when I go, I think I recognize at least 10-15 people on a regular basis. =)
5	by far my favorite poker room!  You can call in early to get name on list, great poker rates for over night guests.  They treat their players right!
5	Every time I go to Vegas I try to play in poker tournaments that I haven't tried before. When I went back in December I played in 10 tournaments in six days, mostly smaller ones (Harrah's, Riviera, and Treasure Island) and a few larger ones (Caesar's Palace, The Venetian, and here). Having played in tournaments in over 50 Vegas Casinos I can say that this is the nicest poker room by far.  The chairs are fantastic, and the layout is second to none. The large playing cards hanging from the ceiling are simply pieces of art. The staff knows how to run a tournament flawlessly and the floor personnel manage the games seamlessly, without being intrusive.   The tournament buy-ins are not excessively large ($125 as mentioned in other reviews), but they are deep-stack and can run 8-10 hours. Try lasting that long in front of a slot machine or at a blackjack table for that much.   I finished just outside the money in my tournament here. The experience was so good I may not try any others the next time I go. If you are looking for an experience that is close to simulating the WPT/WSOP events without having three days and $1,500 to spend this is as close as you will get. First prize in my tournament was just over $5k. Not WSOP money, but still enought to make you feel like you accomplished a pretty good victory.
5	I get the call from my room. "Mr. Williams, we have a seat for you, please come down" I respond"I will be right down..." the poker manager "Sir, are you hungry? Would you like some lunch and or a drink"... Laughingly I said "Sure, how about some some lobster and Kettle & Red Bull, just playin, I'll be right down"I take my seat and hand over some cash, instead of poker chips coming back what do I see? Yup, a freakin lobster meal and a vodka Red Bull. LOL, seriously?! I'm only playing $12-$24 no-limit and I get this kind of treatment? Gotta admit, it was nice. So I excused myself and ate my meal...... I hate when poker players eat at the poker table. If you want to lose track of time go here, I checked my watch thinking a few hours have gone by, to my surprise 8 hours have gone by... sheesh. I had to go before I felt too much like a poker degen ;)Later that night I could not sleep so I go back down to the poker room, and who do I see just chilling chatting with the floor manager? Phil Helmuth, Linda Johnson, Jean-Robert Bellande, & Matt Savage, I hit gold!! I sheepishly walked up to pay my respects, and they were so nice and responsive, I even got invited to a charity event they were putting on there the next day. After hearing the buy-in ($10K) I politely declined stating I was tied up with other commitments..... Like my wallet!! LOL, man what a great experience for me.The rest of my trip I exclusively played here because of the service and I was staying at the Aria, only a few times did I break away to go play at the Bellagio. I have never received such top notch service as I had here. I never feel like I am grinding it out with guys who are playing their rent money, or their child support money, it just really feels like the professional sport that I miss so much. I cannot wait to go back!So thank you Aria Poker Room for making me feel like a millionaire, or at least a thousandaire ;)
5	As this was my first time playing poker in Vegas, I wanted to make it a good experience. So of course I chose my favorite hotel, The Aria, and came to check out their poker room. Now before I get any further, the Aria is a pretty classy place, second only to the Wynn IMO. There's no official dress code in the poker room, but you might wanna put on more than a tshirt and flipflops you know? Adds to the experience.Anyways, the poker room is not hard to find, it takes up like most of an entire side of their casino floor. You get there, and theres a few people at a podium, and they take your name and what kind of game you wanna play. They'll either find you a table, or if it's full, put you on a waiting list that is displayed on a monitor right there.Now I'm cheap so I decided on 1-3 NL Holdem, and the other players at my table were all at least polite, if not friendly. It's poker after all. The 3 dealers we had were excellent. Had just enough flourish to make the game fun but not silly, and were very adept at keeping track of the game and the bets and w/e. They go out of their way to show you that theres no trickery going on. A waitress comes by every 5-10 minutes refreshing drinks, which are of course free. They got all the booze you can handle and a coffee bar too, which is nice if you're there at 5 am.This was my first time, and this IS Vegas, so I was fairly inebriated and not able to really get into the game, and lost about $200 in like 25 minutes. But w/e, I had fun. Definitely gonna work on my game at Morongo or somewhere and come back in a few months!!
5	If you want to be treated with respect,be pampered like a VIP guest,sit in SUPER COMFORTABLE POKER CHAIRS,play with ALMOST LIKE NEW chips,play with fellow classy respectful individuals,come here.that's all.
5	Love Aria poker room! Servers and dealers are all friendly. Always love trying to see professional poker players in the Ivey room.
5	Among the best poker rooms I've visited.  The daily tournaments have 30 min levels that allow players to use more poker moves than in the quicker ones normally found on the strip.  Top quality opponents for this buy-in level ($125).  Since this poker room treats their players better than others, you will occasionally find the celebrity. On a table near us, Yukon Brad Booth and Drew Carey were playing in a $25/$50 cash game.
5	Best room in Vegas. Good competition, great atmosphere, great chips(Paulsons), excellent dealers and staff, comfy chairs. Bring enough money and you can go play in the Ivey room. Talking about Ivey you always see pros playing here. You will always see Hellmuth here when he is in Vegas.
4	Well I've only tried a few of the poker rooms in Vegas, so I am no expert.That said, this has been one of the best poker rooms I've been too.  It is well lit, and there is  plenty of rooms between tables to walk.  The game selection is plentiful, and they offer massages at $2 a minute.  They allow you to phone into the wait list, which moves surprisingly quick.I think they have like 24 tables, all of which were being used while I was there.  At $2/hour they have one of the best comp rates, which is a plus.They also offer a poker rate, so you can get discounted rooms.  Definitely worth staying and playing.I didn't play their daily tournament but, if you have the time to invest, they have one of the best values for your $120 buy in on the strip.   Starting chips/blinds/levels.  They get about 120 for the 1 PM and 30 - 50 for the 7 PM start times.  Keep in mind, they pay out only top 10%.
5	By far one of the Top 5 poker rooms in Las Vegas. Plenty of tables, good action, and good overall room. My go to spot.
5	Very bummed that I didn't win the 1 pm tournament.  I was going to take one of those chairs with me.  Aside from that, really enjoyed the room.  Everyone was friendly and it was well run which is not usually the case in Vegas.  They also charged my phone.. for free.  Room was comfortable and well run and full.  I'll definitively be back, asap.  Bummer was that our lattes were 7 bucks each and not even a large.
4	4.5 starsWhen this place opened, I was in awe.  To this day, still in awe.  The decor is wonderful.  They named the high limit room after (arguably) the best player alive (maybe ever?).Likes:- lots of $1-2 games- daily tournaments (AM and PM)- 2x points most of the day- 3x points from 5am-10am- cocktail waitresses come around pretty quickly- low rake (standard by Vegas large casino standards)Dislikes:- tables slightly uncomfortable... mainly on the ends and corners.  A big block of wood on the two ends so you can't extend your legs forward.- no jackpotCheck it out and go ALL IN!  (obligatory poker term usage :-p)
5	Um, yes! Where else can you go and play Badueci? Where?? They have the best comps and treat you like royalty if you play all night. Always a dime or two at the tables along with an old gentleman falling asleep. This place rules and this Hotel is the best in Vegas, period. "Excuse me, Mr. Ivey, just need to pass through"
5	Amazing poker room, probably in the top 3 that I saw my last trip to Vegas. Spacious as hell, drink girls constantly coming through there, wide variety of games and MANY tables that are very full on a Friday or Saturday night. If you get placed on the waiting list there is a very nice bar 100 yards ahead of you where you could sit down, play some video poker and get stiff comped drinks.
4	Comfortable chairs, conveniently located restroom, and I was seated with no wait on a Friday afternoon.
4	Along with the Venetian, this is the best poker room in Vegas right now.The level of competition can be high, even at the low levels; if you find yourself feeling outclassed, ask for a table change.  As with any room in Vegas, there are a few dealers who seem more concerned with chatting up the locals than with running the game, and a few locals are of the super-serious/occasionally degrading/action-killing type.  (Truly good players have better table image.)  Beyond that, though, it's a great place to play.  Chairs are comfy, comps are good, and you can order dinner at the table.  Very close to the restrooms, too.
4	Great room for guests staying at hotel. For locals a hassle with parking. Bellagio much easier to get to poker room with side valet.
5	In terms of action at all stakes/games, Aria is probably as good as it gets for Vegas poker rooms. Almost always 3-4 tables of every mid stakes game and 3-4 days a week high stakes will be available, not to mention pretty consistent limit and PLO games run. It's very spacious and the floor is probably the best in town. Get the watermelon juice from service, you won't regret it.
4	One of the best, juiciest, card rooms in Vegas. Good selection of games. New so its nice, not old and stuffy with only low limit games.
5	Not gonna get into too much detail since alot of the previous reviews covered pretty much all of it. I do agree tho that this poker room is probably one of the best in Vegas. For overall atmosphere, service and action. I'd say the top 3 at the moment is here, along with the Venetian and the Wynn. The Palms used to be a good small room spot but the action has died there in the past couple years.
5	Best poker room in vegas by far!!
5	I played poker in card rooms around the world (literally). And I would confidently say that the Aria Poker room is my favorite Poker room. This is my current go to place for 2/5 nl + 5/10 nl. Plus 2/5 PLO goes sometimes and gets especially good during the summer.It's a combination of things that make it my favorite: 1. Great staff/dealers that operate it. The dealers are happier and smile a lot more then anywhere else. (I've been living in California and most if not all dealers are miserable and you can see it in their faces...) The floor men and women are outstanding, they always usually make the correct decisions and go out of their way to help regulars. Plus $2 dollar comps adds up especially if you are a regular here. ($3 dollar comps during happy hour 5am-10am)2. Good action. Games go around the clock 24/7. 5/10 nl goes every day but breaks around 2-3 am. (starts around 3-4pm depending on the day)  2/5 nl (1k buy-in) goes all day everyday 24/7. Usually 6 tables running during peak hours. 2/5 PLO goes pretty much everyday during peak hours. Obviously for 2 1/2 months during the summer everything goes berserk and crazy here. The average player and even some or most of the regulars are pretty bad compared to California regulars at the Commerce and other places. (this is my opinion though and not concrete fact)3. Nice ambiance and roomy floorspace. The lighting in this place is easy on the eyes. The interior design is pleasant as well. They also don't pack you in like sardines like other casinos especially the ones in California... (Go to Commerce casino and you'll see what I'm talking about) 4. Best looking cocktail waitresses and service. I think this place has the best looking cocktail girls and girls in general lol :). This isn't super important but it sure does help after staring at ugly drunk fat dudes at the poker table all day haha! Drinks are free minus tip, and they are very good at bringing the correct drink and on time.
3	I used to play at the MGM Grand poker room all the time, but their unstable poker room has driven me out the door and into other venues. Off strip, Red Rock is one of my favourites, but on the strip, I have yet to find a place that really makes me feel comfortable.I'm a little out of practice these days because I don't travel to Vegas nearly as often as I used to (once a month to now, about 4 times per year) and so, I decided to make a little time to get back into the game.I took a seat at a $2-5 game and sat down with $400 (double the min.), the game was very aggressive and I played about 20-30 hands before I decided that I need to get back into the game a little more slowly before I settle into such a hot table. I left with $500 and decided to buy into one of their 7PM $125 tournaments instead. I ended up out of the tournament at 16th place, with 90 entrees, so I didn't cash, but considering I hadn't played in a while, I was happy with my standing. For tournaments, this might be one of the better rooms to play in and even though the cost is a little higher than some of the other rooms I play, I think it would be a great place to improve my skills and hone my abilities. For cash games, this room isn't it for me.
5	One of the best poker rooms in Vegas, nice atmosphere, comfy chairs, good quality cards & chips, friendly dealers and the action is always there. A lot of poker celebrities like to hang out here, fun poker room.
4	Basically Aria poker room is the nuts. Right near entrance by parking garage. Plenty of restrooms near, food service, best comps, nicest staff, hottest waitresses, very nice tables, seats chips etc. Aria and Venetian to me are toss ups for which daily tournament to play in. The structures and buy ins are very similar, the only down part about Aria is the actual space to have tournaments. I wish when they built it they left some space for it to expand, a lot of times the tournament gets canceled due to no space from cash games. Or gets capped. That problem never happens at Venetian. Some times they put more temporary tables in the slot area close to the room to accommodate the need of more players, esp in the summer. Cash games are good, but FILLED with a ton of local/regulars always. Expect to see at least 3-4 of the same ppl at your table always in lower limits if you frequent the room, and even more at your table the higher the limits. Would give it a perfect 5 if the room was 10-15 more tables larger.
5	Very clean and comfortable poker room. The best in Vegas! Be sure to order the cappuccino with the swizzle stick sugar.. sooo good. Also they have all kinds of delicious drinks here :)
5	This is the best poker room in Vegas. The room is elegant, comfortable, has all the conveniences offered in any of the rooms around town. The games have the reputation for being a little tougher than other places. However Aria poker room is one of the busiest rooms in town which means there is always a game and usually a good choice of games within a limit. Cash games are always running and there are two daily  $125 tournaments one at 1pm and another at 7pm. The floor people and dealers are very well trained and friendly. Call ins are allowed and the Aria will even call you when your seat is ready. After playing all over Vegas and around the country I can say it is hard to find a room that is better run better than Aria. 1.  Comfort/convenience- the room is vey comfortable, some find the room a little dark but I personally enjoy it not being super bright if I am going to sit there for hours. The tables are more spread out then the bellagio, which makes a big difference in a busy room. The chairs are the best in town and they serve and deliver food to the table.They will even roll up a small table for you to eat on.  The aria has chargers for most phones/ipads and will charge your device for free behind a counter. Massages are also available for $2/min at the table.  2. Food/comps- Aria food, like most Vegas casinos has expensive food but $2/hr  during the day $3/hr from 5am to 10am really can add up so make sure you get an M life players card (same card for all MGM properties, comps never expire). There are several food options from lemon grass (Thai) to roasted bean (coffee shop), 5 50 pizza, room service and more. If you want other options the monte carlo food court and cvs are a short walk. 3. Parking- both valet and self park are very close to the poker room and make getting in and out quick and easy. The parking garage is patrolled, well and has surveillance throughout. Whether you are looking to see the big pros of the poker world or celebrities from all walks of life you can often spot them here.
5	My favorite poker room by far! I've been to all the Vegas poker rooms, and this one is hands down the best! I love the staff here and the dealers. The players seem to be friendlier as well.
5	IMHO one of the best poker rooms in Vegas. The wait is usually longer than 30mts in the evenings and like most other poker room its hard to hear them call your name. There is a lot of action at the Aria poker tables. Poker rooms in other places around Aria are either really warm or the games are very slow, not much action. BTW You should try their carrot juice its awesome.
5	Love the poker room here for all the reasons stated by the others.  Had to review though since the floor man Jerry is an honest guy. I asked him for $400 in chips, gave him my money, he brought me my chips and a "gift" of $100 cash bill.  Turns out I gave him too much.  Honest Abe?  How about honest Jerry!  Thanks for running a great classy room with nice honest staff, Aria.
5	Aria poker room is my go to place for poker on the strip, especially if I am staying on the south side. Great location, lots of foot traffic for people watching and lots of tables for some 1/3 NL action. I play the higher stakes occasionally but enjoy 1/3 enough. Dealers are very experienced and generally friendly and tables are spacious. They also do delivery for foods from their local venues and I generally get their Thai food because that is the only thing I've found half decent. 2 bucks/hr with M card and lots of time to meet interesting peoples. Only thing that bothers me about the Aria Poker Room is some of their weird rules concerning heads up play. Eh, to each their own.
5	Always a good time in this poker room. Always busy and always a challenging room. I like the crowd and the staff. They always take great care of you here, especially when you become a regular.
5	Best room in Vegas! Kat and the rest of the staff are the best!
4	This place is fast moving! If you have cash to spend this is the place for you.I was amazed at the intensity in this room. The interesting thing is that while sitting and playing its actually a really fun environment. People are pretty down to earth, friendly and the dealers give direction when needed. I sat for one game & that was enough for me considering $100 is like throwing a $1 down. :) Haha  But enjoyed learning the game and watching the plays! :-) Very enjoyable gaming room.
5	This poker room is nice. Good dealers, good servers, reasonable floor managers. Occasional sighting of name pros. I liked that the 1/3 PLO here actually ran like a true 1/3, and not a 1/3 mandatory $10 straddle.The only slight knock is that the lighting is a bit too dark and that it has less tables and action than Venetians room.Would come back here many times!
5	This is one of my favorites places to play NLH when I am in town.  The staff are all great and make you feel at home.  This makes it easy to stay here for 8-10 hours.  The action is good as there are players at all different skill levels that frequent this place.
5	This poker room is the best I have ever played in!  The dealers, chip runners, & floor are as good as it gets!  I can't wait to get back!
5	I think the best looking poker room that I've been to out of the MGM group. The little room with metal card decoration is astonishing. I'm not sure if the dealers were good or not but very pretty and feel special playing there. Play here at least once if your a poker player.
3	This room is large spacious has good drinks........But it is a hustle the people running this room are very biased to the regulars. The management seemed to place people at tables and allow regulars to change tables and set up games to their liking. I was not impressed by the management or the way they handled us non regular players. otherwise nice room and good action,
4	great  place
5	Whenever I get the inkling to play poker, this is one of my favorite places to play.  The decor is ornate yet sophisticated, crowded yet intimate, intimidating yet accommodating.  Where else are you gonna be able to find a poker game in town where Johnny F-ing Chan is standing a few feet from you chatting with the floor manager as you sip on an expresso, proceed to call down an all-in river bet after flopping the nut straight, and throw a few chips from the two stacks of high society that you just raked in to order Thai food from a restaurant within the Aria resort to be delivered table side?   Sounds too much like a deleted scene from Rounders but inevitably a true story starring yours truly, thereby prompting me to pay homage to one of the great poker movies by throwing in a few related quotes from Teddy KGB.  "Mr. Son of a Bitch, let's play some cards!"Offering a variety of game options ranging from 1-3 no limit and pot limit Omaha to higher stakes in the Ivey Room where you will likely spot a recognizable pro on any given day, there is constant turnover of players ranging from all levels of skill.  There is also a daily no limit hold-em tournament that starts at 7PM where first prize typically takes in a few thousand dollars and the top 5-6 get paid out on a $125 entry fee. "Just like a young man coming in for a quickie, I feel so unsatisfied"Need some distractions from the cards?  There are multiple flat screen TVs broadcasting various sporting events and the sports-book is a few yards down if one needs to place bets.  The room has an open structure where one has an unobstructed view towards the entrance for people- watching as folks heading to and from the nightclubs stumble back and forth.  Unlike a lot of the other smaller poker rooms, the majority of the servers and a few of the dealers here are quite easy on the eyes (just saying). "Want a cookie?" If you need to refuel with food, Five-fifty pizza is a few doors down for a nice hearty slice and the Jean Phillipe patisserie is also a short walk for gelato, pastries, and packaged sandwiches/salads.   If you want to stay at the table, you will be hard-pressed to find the variety and quality of dining in any other poker room in town delivered to your seat with a cheesecake factory-like menu that offers a smorgasbord of options from various Aria restaurants on the premises.  Just be sure your eating habits don't serve as a tell when you have a monster hand like Teddy KGB crunching his Oreos."In my club, I will splash the pot whenever the fuck I please."Complimentary drinks!  You can customize your coffee whether it be cappuccino, mocha, espresso served with a classy rock candy sugar stick in a hard mug (although you can request a plastic cup as well), or choose from a variety of sodas and juices including pineapple, watermelon, and  freshly pressed carrot (a few bucks extra), as well as Fiji bottled water, Perrier sparkling water, and I've seen a range of spirits ordered ranging from beer and tequila shots to red wine and cognac (these are the players you need to get in a hand with especially after they've knocked back a few, remember the words of Mike McD "it's immoral to let a sucker keep his money")."Hanging around, hanging around. Kid's got alligator blood. Can't get rid of him"Be sure to check in with your Mlife card since 2-3 dollars gets credited to your card with every hour of play, which can help comp for some of the meals above.  A masseuse is also available at an hourly rate on the premises to massage your backside as you play  if your back starts feeling the strain of a long session on the felt."That's a position raise.  I call"Pro-tip: the weekends can often get very busy with long waiting lists.  If you call the number on the the yelp page, they accept calls to be placed on the list before you arrive in person."Nyet! Nyet! No More! No! Not tonight! This son of bitch, all night he, "Check. Check. Check." He trap me!"The poker room is located within a short walk of the self-park lot so be sure to park on the 2nd floor for the shortest path to the tables as well as to minimize your walk of shame on those nights you are delivered a bad beat or on tilt.  "Respect is all you have left in the morning!"For any poker player, this is a quintessential Vegas experience where you get the opportunity to partake in exciting gambling action, great food/drink, people-watching and celebrity sightings, and hopefully a cinematic story to take home regardless of where the chips may fall.
4	I played here in April and was very impressed! Great location and design with a very helpful staff and well set up Tournament. With the demise of online poker, I don't play as often as I use to, but when I make it to Vegas this will be a regular stop for me.
1	If you are a knowledgeable but casual player Run away from this place.Collusion abounds in almost every level I have played there.It is very clickie and they take care of their own ! Bellagio room a much better place to play.
5	great room, great action, even at the 1/3 NL games. The hot girls walking by the poker room can be distracting though. Only annoying part is when people come by and take pictures of you like you are a zoo animal. But for now, this is my favorite poker room on the strip.
4	This is one of my favorite poker rooms in Vegas, although it has gone downhill a little bit lately.Good dealers and good players, but it has been increasingly hard to get in on a cash game because they are really pushing tournaments lately. I stayed at the Aria for 2 nights in July and didn't play poker at all in the Aria Poker Room because they didn't have enough tables and the wait was huge. Additionally the poker room host (is that the right term?) is horrible. On a trip earlier this month there were 10 people waiting for a 1-3 table. I asked if they were going to open another table and she told me that there weren't enough people waiting to open another table. They only put 9 people at a table and there were 10 people waiting. Seems like enough people to open another table to me. Once again though, there was a tournament going, which I suspect was the real reason they didn't want to open another table.Oh yeah, 5 minutes later, they opened another table. Argh!I will still give it 4 stars though because those two issues aside, it is still a great place to play poker.
4	This is probably the hottest poker room in Vegas right now. Tons of tables, often pro poker players and also some easy money late at night. The setup is fairly large with tons of TVs situated around the room for you to view the game while playing. Often a good setup of NL tables. Sometimes I get disappointed about the lack of high low Omaha, but that must be just me. It's often crowded, so make sure you call ahead or out your name in and grab some pizza near the sports book. The daily tournaments run at 1pm and 7pm with a $125 buy in.
5	Played in the Friday 1pm @ the Aria and it was a total blast.  At 1pm there were 90 players signed up and by the end there were a total of 132 entrants. The range of players was across the board sort of speak.  But at the end it was a lot of fun, I was at a table with a couple of WSOP main event players, no final 9 people but players I recognized.  All in all a great venue with a lot of good players.  There was even a $50K event that had Tom Dwan, Erik Seidel and a few other great players. If you are planning a trip to Vegas, this really should be on your list!  One thing to keep in mind, if you decide to play, event will last until 10-11pm.  Its a long event, even with the antes, be prepared to stay awhile.  1st place was paying over $4k.
3	I missed my table by 20 minutes (had taken a walk and played a slot machine when there was no movement on the table for 2 hours and several names ahead of me) and politely asked the manager to put me back at the front of the list - this was the only day I had to play the tables. Was told I was being "taught a lesson" about Vegas poker and was now 9th on the list.   Thanks dad. I understand not wanting people to show up hours after their names were called and that the tables will be full no matter what, but there is no waiting area and there should be a little more discretion about accommodating the players.   This seemed to be a huge lapse of judgment by someone on a power trip.  Other than that, I played PLO, and at various times of the day there were a lot of locals who knew each other at the table and relatively tight action... recall better action at the Venetian in the past for Omaha.... I had fun and won but easily could not have...
