5	The NEW America's Taco Shop  opened today and I was the first most #1 customer.As usual I had the Carne Asada Torta and it was fantastic.So good in fact that I went back and got a Carne Asada Burrito to go for dinner (which also makes me the first repeat customer).Great new location on 7th Ave just south of Campbell.
5	How do you make America better?  Give her a second Taco Shop on 7th Ave and Campbell and let her feed the masses!!The addition of this restaurant to our community is a welcomed one.  The space that the taco shop took over has been everything under the sun and not been able to stand the test of time!!The service at either of these two restaurants is always beyond exceptional, greeting you when you first walk through the door and beyond.  I just finished lunch and can't wait to go for dinner!!
3	Overall , I like this place. A smal hole-in-the-wall place with straight forward, cheap, non-greasy Mexican food. I can dig it. I personally think the one on 7th st is better, but I will chock it up to growing pains since this location's only been open for about a week. I went today for my all time favorite Torta, but they didn't grill my bread so it wasn't nearly as awesome as it usually is...yes, I'm picky
4	I went here today for the first time and was pleased!  The people working there were all so sweet and friendly - excellent service.  And the food was yummy.  And no lard in the beans - which is important to me.  I'll be back.
3	I'm kind of a one-trick pony when it comes to anything southwestern. Let's be honest: I am norcal at heart, and I'm sure all my reviews reflect this in one way or another, so let's not kid ourselves and think that America's Taco Shop isn't going to be compared at least once to Pescado's (now called something else, I'm afraid), in Sactown.  However, my one-tricks were all satisfied in one quick dash here for lunch today. I already had a hunch that it would be pretty good, because I do like american urbanized mexicanesque food. I had to park down the street (past the no parking signs on Campbell) because the lot was full. The smell of meat and tortillas did permeate the corner - much nicer than what I usually smell on my daily walk around the nearby canal and Chinese Buffet. Inside, a familiar sound - Mana's album Amor es Combatir was playing over the sound system. White alternagirl heaven! I even found myself lip syncing along to Labios Compartidos (thank you to Cadet Beltran for your beautiful stories of Mexico City and introducing me to the only band in Spanish that I have in my collection). But all of this is probably irrelevant to you, the food seeker.  I had the Vampiro and a carne asada taco. Why the Vampiro? Because I wanted to say Vampiro.  And it was good. I liked that the tortillas used on the taco are soft corn and not deep fried in any way. I agree with other writers, however, that 7.88 for lunch left me hungry (next time I won't get the 1.50 canned soda). Taco Tuesday brings you 4 tacos for 6.75 and that might be the way to go: the tacos are small.  I don't usually order Carne Asada anywhere because I prefer shredded chicken when possible. Red meat being the only option, however, seems a good idea because they can concentrate on what they do well: shredded meat, seasoned and crisped satisfactorily. I will be back because it's a 3 minute drive from work It would be a 20 minute walk but I only have a 30 minute lunch. Maybe I better start taking hour long lunches so I can walk off some of the red meat. I'll be sure to put Mana in the playlist when I do so.And not a single reference to Pescado's, or anything else Norcal, for that matter. Please don't tell me that Phoenix is starting to grow on me.
3	Haven't tried everything on the menu yet, but carne asada and pastor were both good.  Best thing on the menu is bean and cheese burrito and their guacamole....
4	The carne asada is indeed the best I've had in town. No gristle or fatty bits to pick out, no salt overload to beat my tongue into submission. Pure, lovingly marinated, perfectly browned steak chopped into the ideal sized pieces for a clean bite without trailing bits falling onto the table. The accompanying salsa is a wonderfully mild, smoky addition to the flavor which doesn't overpower the beefy goodness.The al pastor pork is unbelievable as well. Lean, marinated pork roasted on a vertical spit, topped with a hunk of pineapple, is shaved off to order. Whatever is in America's marinade is outstanding, and the pineapple adds a little bit of heavenly sweetness and tang which pairs perfectly with the meat. As with the carne asada, the accompanying salsa (a lighter tomatillo concoction) adds flavor without smothering the pork flavor.If you're looking for cheap, greasy Mexican food regardless of quality, go find a 'bertos. Americas is all about the quality. Their horchata is the genuine article, not a sickly-sweet bastardized rendition from a food-service tub. The Chorizo in the breakfast burritos is locally sourced. The tortillas are fresh and delicious. Even the iced tea is great.The service is enthusiastic and friendly, and it's easy to tell the staff take pride in their work. Do yourself a favor, and ask for recommendations. I did, and now I'm hopelessly hooked on the al pastor.
4	The carne asada is really flavorful and lean, but I have to say the pastor is the star.  A very clean, friendly local place with really solid food.  I haven't decided if it a good or bad thing this place is so close! :)
4	I love America. I love tacos. Not always in that order, but let's continue. I've been a few times already. And have yet to order a taco. That's because America's Taco Shop could easily be named America's Quesadilla Shop. But, we know, that wouldn't stick. I've had the carne asada quesadilla with lettuce, guac and monterey jack. Definitely on the smaller side, but hey, it's $4.50. And then there's that Mexican Coke. Pricier than the U.S. Coke. Oh. Wait. We're talking beverages here folks. I left the 80s behind years ago! Yep. Mexican Coke has REAL sugar and not HFCS. I"m not a real anti HFCS kinda guy...but let's just say, this Mexican Coca Cola really rocks my meats and cheeses! But, it's $3. So you gotta feel in a fancy lunch mood. My last visit I added an order of chips and salsa. All said, with tip, was over $13. A little pricey. But I didn't mind. Kind of like buying Kiehl products at Neiman's. Or a brick of brie at AJs. Or the expensive toilet paper with chamomile and lotion. Worth it! Especially the latter. I"m just sayin'!Great service. Friendly, if not a bit too aggressive. Last visit Miss America herself was there with her cute and chatty daughter. I loved it! Though my kids are limited to a Schnauzer, I like seeing family together in the biz. America. America. God bless your tacos. From sea to shining sea. From 7th St. to 7th Ave. God shed your guac on me....
2	Tacos are OK. Mine are better.  And are you charging me for a roasted jalapeno? Are you serious! Come on I will go to Safeway and donate them to you. Don't be so cheap you won't go broke. Also get rid of the Blondie cashier to dreamy and tell the gringos in the back to speed it up we are hungry out here. The order is to go no for us to go and shop and come back to pick it up. Work faster America otherwise we are going across the street.
5	Damn this place is tasty! I make a point to stop in Los Algodones en route to California often just to get some street taco's and these guys have nailed it. They seem subscribe to the K.I.S.S. motto (keep it simple stupid) by just making really good carne asada and now empanadas (pork) for there taco's and burritos. Easy authentic street taco's love it.The margaritas come in 3 flavors, I'm a fan of the standard but the hibiscus was pretty tasty as well. They have an awesome outside patio to knock down a few and have a pretty good happy hour at $4 a pop.All the small touches make this place great from the tortillas to the gauc and salsas, its definitely my new favorite joint downtown and not a bad bike ride up to Melrose District from Palm-croft.
4	Been a few times and all were a treat. The help were very nice[i guess people react to how they are treated]. 2$ Pacificos in Phoenix, Got to Love it!!Also a great place to ride your bikes. Be seeing you there.
1	Been living in this 'hood for 20 years. So good to see this spot do well, especially with this economy. Takes a leap of faith to open any new business these days. Good groceries!-----UPDATED 3.15.13-Sounds like Sheriff Joe is not a fan!  We will NOT be back.
4	I really enjoyed the food I had from America's Taco Shop North last night. The Burro de Pastor rotisserie pork was wonderful, though I could have done without the pineapple. The salsa that came with the chips was GREAT! The guacamole was fresh and amazing. The bean and cheese burrito was highlighted by a buttery soft flour tortilla. I will definitely be frequenting this shop. They've done a great job with lifting the curse of that particular corner.
5	Just visited America's again tonight for my third visit.  I'd say it's time for a review:I love this place.  This corner spot has run through so many restaurants and finally they have one that is going to stick!  I've always gone on Thursday nights so I can't say what it's like on other nights or days of the week.  I've run into friends each time I've ventured in for my hour-long stay.  I've also chatted up perfect strangers - frankly, that's not so unusual for me though so I won't go on.  Suffice it to say it's a friendly neighborhood joint.  Tonight's special was Burro de pastor.  A marinated and grilled pork with guacamole, pineapple, cilantro and other tasty bits.  My 3 year old, 5 year old and 45 year old husband loved them.  We also had the Vampiro which was delicious too.  A corn tortilla with the pastor pork, guacamole & caramelized onions mmmmm.  Kids also order the fail-safe quesadilla.  It's good - how bad can cheese in a flour tortilla be?  Thing is, I don't want to order quesadillas for my kids.  The last time I was there we had the carne asada--my husband and I both love it, the kids didn't love it.  The pastor is ideal for them though, a little sweet and a lot of savory.The staff are all very friendly and helpful.Enjoy it
4	Thank goodness this place has occupied the unfortunate corner of short-lived restaurants. There is nothing worse than giving a place a chance, getting attached to it and then it shutting down shortly thereafter. Luckily, America's Taco Shop has a loyal following and I sincerely hope it stays put in the 7th Ave location. Last night was my 4th time here and it grows on me more and more. Had I wrote this review the first time I went (7th St location), I think I would have given it 3 stars. I mean, to state that it has the best carne asada? I still wouldn't go that far but I always enjoy my food. Last night, I had a carne asada taco, pastor taco, and chips/salsa/guacamole. I love pastor tacos but am not a fan of theirs. They add pineapple to theirs which is my thing. I love pineapple alone, not warm with food. Again, not my thing. I have had their carne asada tostada in the past. I was a little turned by the warm, wilted lettuce on top but I guess that is what happens when it is wrapped with foil. But the tostada was okay. Their bean and cheese burritos are awesome. It is so simple but the flavor is really good...love it. I haven't eaten there in person (we always get take-out) but from the outside, the restaurant is adorable and oh-so inviting. My daughter's day care is right across the street and this place is always busy. Good sign....
5	I don't have much to add that hasn't already been said, but I wanted to throw my five stars in the pot.  I'm thrilled America's opened this second location!  I wasn't sure the service would be as friendly as it is at the other location, but it definitely is.  As expected, the new place is cool, decorated wonderfully, and is a great spot to visit with friends or swing by to pick up a quick order after work.  If I could throw an extra star to this location, I would.  Why?  I think the salsa is just a touch better, spicier, and more flavorful than it is at the 7th St. location.  Either way, I love this place!
5	I'm late to the game and can't really add anything that hasn't already been said, so I'll keep this short.Best carne asada burrito I've ever had. Best pastor I've ever had in my life, and that corn on the cob rolled in cotija should just be called an orgasm on a stick. A million stars to America!
1	Maybe it was just Cinco de Mayo, but I got here just before the lunch rush really got going to order a simple carne asada burrito (regular size) and I waited 45!! minutes for my bag. The kitchen reported they were really backed about 20 minutes into, because they had so many online orders. I had to complain to the owner himself to finally get my food (strange that it magically appeared once he asked what was going on...)**Note to Mr. Bortin** Get rid of the online orders until you figure out your kitchen paces during the lunch rush. It's not fair to people who actually get off there butts to go and place an order at the restaurant by attending to the online orders. There were at least 15 disgruntled customers complaining about the back up.The carne asada burrito - you can get better in LA for about $3.50. It's grand larceny to charge $5.75 for that appetizer size morcel. In fact all your plates sized are poor in value. The ceviche probably is the biggest joke of all.At least they are smiling their way to the bank. Congratulations to the owners on duping the gueros out there who think because the owner's wife is from Mexico and the that the place isn't in a 'shady' part of town they are getting an equally comfortable and authentic Mexican taco shop experience. I guess that means paying "guero" prices too. How many Mexicans do you see queuing up for food in this place? Ninguno!  Think about it people, the value proposition is very low for a taco stand. Don't get caught up in the hype.
4	Great taco and burrito place.  Fun place to take the family and friends.  Can't wait to return to AZ to visit America's!
4	Yay, a hole-in-the-wall mexican joint that's vegetarian-friendly! My kid and I loved the (homemade?) horchata, sediment and all--even better that its served punchbowl (punchbucket?)-style. I had the bean and cheese burrito, served some special style with raw onions and Tapatio sauce inside. Tasty! Because we don't hit that area of town much and I didn't know when we'd be back, I tried the corn as well, with all the fixin's, that is, lime, cheese, cream(?) and Tapatio. Not really my taste, but it was the most elaborate corn-on-the-cob I've seen. My kid was happy with the bean burrito too, sans the onions and sauce. My wife had a quesadilla with grilled onions. It was a little small, but looked good and she seemed to like it. She loved one of their flavored margaritas, the maroon one with a funny name that starts with a j.We also all shared the chips, salsa and guac. Not a fan of creamy guac, I stuck with the salsa, which i loved, but my wife, a guacamole connoisseur, really liked it. We'll be back...
5	I've been to both America's Tacos restaurants - one on 7th Avenue and one on 7th Street near my workplace.  The food was excellent on both occasions.  Perhaps a little pricey, but then again, I like good food and I will not lie...no other brother can deny.  Oops, sorry.  :)Anyway, go here and you will not be disappointed.  Great outdoor patio seating and good food...the combo can't be beat.
3	My wife and I went to Americas today and had the special....a bean and cheese burito and a taco.  We both like the food but found it not exceptional and while good, we went away still hungry
4	So, yeah, it's really good Carna Asada, but don't forget the shrimp ceviche on Fri/Sat, as well.I just had some for lunch (along with a couple of CA tacos) (great online ordering, btw) and I am seriously thinking about stopping by for happy hour on the way home so I can have some more along with an icy cold beer!  Mmmm, so good.So glad they opened in Melrose!
5	It is Independence week and I LOVE me some America's!Five stars for the bean and cheese burrito.  The. Best. I've. Ever. Had.They don't use lard and it's just so cheesy and delicious! Four stars for everything else I've tried- tacos, salsa, chips.  Somewhat limited menu, but I'll only be going back for the burritos!Cute, cute place.  I love the artwork and I plan on buying a piece for Nico sometime soon.  The "Taco Tuesday" piece calls to me each time I'm at America's.I wish them all the best as they prepare for their new Tempe location!
5	Can't get enough! Everything is delicious and doesn't feel heavy! I could eat here everyday.
4	There's not a whole lot left to say except that great customer service, delicious food and very affordable prices make this place an amazing find and one of my favorite places to eat. Oh, and the Vampiro and horchata are truly to die for.
4	And they cater parties. That is how I was introduced to Americas Taco Shop and I love it.
5	Love it!  The carne asada is so good in my opinion.  The shop is cute also, not much seating but if you don't go at prime time you will not have a problem.  I ate here twice last week because I was craving it so much!I also really liked their salsa and chips, more the salsa, and they keep it in the fridge so its super cold when they give it to you which I really like.  I just have had the quesadilla with carne asada so I can't say anything else about the rest of the food.  They could give you a bigger piece of lime with your meal though! :)
5	I'm addicted to their salsa.  I'm addicted to it all! I honestly eat here 3 times a week and I'm okay with it! I love this place! Its a breath of fresh air!
2	I saw the reviews on Yelp and thought "man, I have to try this place, sounds great" I was sourly disappointed with my burrito. OK, the girl asks me if I want regular or XL for my carne asade burrito (which they claim to be the best carne asada in town) I of course say XL because i like food and want a lot of it. The burrito was 8 bucks and they only have cans for soda. so my meal was about 10 bucks. the girl brings out my burrito to me on the patio and i look down and I think "is that all"  For 8 bucks i would of thought the thing to be huge! It was about half the size of a Filibertos burrito. And double the cost. The location was cool, had a nice little outdoor patio with misters, the girls were nice at the front, and it was a clean place. The food was a  good quality and tasted pretty good. But a little expensive and very small portion for calling a XL burrito for 8 bucks. I am afraid I will not be back.
4	I was out shopping with my 16 year old son, and we decided to stop in and try America's. The delightful young lady behind the counter highly suggested that we try at least one thing with the pastor filling so we ordered the meal for two for $20. That comes with chips and salsa, two burritos, two tacos and two drinks The carne asada was very good...but OMG...the pastor was amazing! We just wished we had ordered the burrito with the pastor and the taco with the carne asada instead of the other way around. The sweet young thing kept checking in on us...we were there at 3 in the afternoon so it was quiet...but gosh, the young girls had just been fawning over us all day! On the way home, I looked at my kiddo and realized he's pretty darn good looking...so maybe that explains all the delightful customer service that day! Anyway, I can understand some of the complaints about it being a little pricey, but I think you are really getting a quality product and that is worth it to me. Plus, I thought the burrito was especially meaty. And as a carnivore I totally appreciate getting my meat on! Cute place, yummy food, fun day out with the teenager. Really, you can't ask for more than that.
4	Get the carne asada torta.  Then go back the next day and get the carne asada burrito. Don't forget the chips and guacamole!  You won't be sorry.
5	This is a great little neighborhood taco shop! I had carne asada tacos and wanted more 2 hours later. They are fresh and flavorful and priced very well. They also have great happy hour specials and weekend long beer specials. I think it is like $2 for pacificos all day long saturday and sunday! Amazing!
2	You had better like either pork or beef.  I don't.
2	I'll start by saying when it comes to Mexican food, I'm fairly particular since no one can cook like my Nana. The menu is simple with just a few basic selections. I have tried the carne asada tacos, the Vampiro Pastor and by far my flavor of choice here is the Torta-Pastor. I also sampled America's corn which I was somewhat disappointed in. For what it is, the prices are a little high. Seating is somewhat limited to mostly outdoor seating cooled by misters which tends to be too warm in the summer months here but they intice you by offering $2 Corona and Tecate. ATS on 7th Ave is great in a pinch.
4	Caveat to my review: I have always been a burrito eater and only recently decided to start trying tacos. I had a carne asada taco and a pastor taco. The pastor was kind of barbecue-y and they also put some nice guac on the taco. They serve it with a side of light-colored salsa-- is it tomatillo? The entire thing was a multi-layered flavor treat. The carne asada taco was also pretty good, but maybe I'm just not a carne asada fan. I've tried a few of these tacos at different places and found the meat lacking distinctive flavor. I guess I'm wanting either smokiness, chile heat or some other spice to jazz up the steak meat. However, the steak was very tender and the tortillas are moist and have a nice, mild masa flavor. The salsa that comes alongside the tacos definitely helps bump them up a rung on the ratings scale. We had a side of chips and guac. which was very creamy and mild. Bean and cheese burrito my husband ordered was very, very creamy and had a wonderful pinto bean flavor. Beer was only $2.75 each for the imported bottles we got. The total bill was around $25. I consider that pretty standard for Scottsdale and Phoenix for casual lunch for two people. If you want super cheap, homogenized food, you should stick to Taco Bell. If you want GOOD, local restaurant food, go to America's Taco Shop. I will definitely be returning. I hope to try a burrito next time!
4	Had lunch here and it was really good.  I had the carne asada tacos and my friend had the pastor tacos.  Mine were really good and he said his were as well.  Reminded me of authentic street tacos from Mexico and not the more Americanized versions that most places have.  Note: corn tortillas standard, not flour tortillas, and they don't gunk up the plate with mounds of chees covered refried beans and starchy rice (this is a good thing).  There are plenty of places to go for that type of Mexican food if you want, but this has a much more authentic feel and taste to it.Plus, they have really cool artwork on the walls for sale.Only problem was that parking was not sufficient for the lunch crowd.Really enjoyed it and will go back.
5	Best tacos in phoenix!1. Simple Menu2. Great flavors in the carne asada.3. Ceviche is great.4. Horchata is fantastic!p.s. If you want to catch a game the location on 7th ave has a TV.
4	An dear old high school friend's daughter suggested this for lunch the other day while I was in Phoenix for my thirty-year reunion (Wow, I'm getting old!!).So...eight of us dropped in for lunch, and I wasn't disappointed.It's a small place, but there's  a nice little patio outside, and the employees are very pleasant.I had a carne asada burrito at my friend's daughter's suggestion.  It was quite tasty.  I recommend this place if you're in the area.  A very nice little place to visit for a quick bite of yummy.
5	Dined over the weekend, made it in right before closing. Must say, I now know to order the XL quesedilla! Chips and salsa I could live off! Will definitely be going back son!
5	This is my favorite taco place! I traditionally would always eat these type of tacos in Mexico on the side of the road hoping they were beef! lol... The carne asada tacos are excellent! You actually get all meat, no chewy surprises like at other places. I love them with lots of lime juice on them. I have also tried a carne asada quesadilla and it was great! Definitely stop by if you are in the area. You will love it.
2	I don't know, if you want tacos then go to a Mexican place, if you want American go to an American restaurant. This place does have beer and margaritas, but that doesn't make a good restuarant. Cute, not clean, busy, and crowded. But the food frankly lacks any inspiration. Most boring bean burrito I've had, reminded me of a supermarket microwave burrito. Machaca tostado was OK, the tacos al Pastor were totally lacking in flavor. Salsas were a huge disappointment. Go to a Mexican restaurant for better Mexican food.
3	I was not sure what to expect. Regardless, the food was good and the staff was pleasant. Good move having pretty girls work in the front and the cooks in the back. The only Mexican feel I got was from the cooking staff in back who I occasionally saw. Good not great, continue supporting local businesses.
4	America's is a consistently good place to grab a burro or tacos. Today I called in a take out order. The woman who took my order asked if I was aware that the Melrose Street Fair was taking place, and I totally forgot. The great employee gave me directions to avoid the traffic and road closures. Even better, she told me to call when I got there, and they would run out to my car with my order. What great service! Where else does this happen?Food wise, the food is good, and chips and salsa are nice. I think the salsa could use  a little work, and could be hotter, with some more zip. Along the same lines, the guacamole seems to be getting a little watered down, and the consistency is more liquidy, almost like they were getting low on avocados, so they diluted it? Not a deal breaker, just different from usualI totally recommend this spot, and if they can just tweak the salsa so the hot salsa is HOT, and not designed for the Sun City crowd.
5	Love America's.  I won't drag on about how awesome they are, but get the carne asada, the vampiro, and come in on a weekend for TO DIE FOR shrimp ceviche... nice and spicy.
3	The food is above average - maybe four stars. The location is good in the eclectic Melrose district - lots of interesting independent businesses. The ambiance is fun and feels like I'm sitting at a taco shop in Mexico. My only gripe is the price, America's could really be a four star joint but the price brings it down. Spending $20 or more at a taco shop for two people seems excessive. Maybe I'm comparing it a little too much to an authentic Mexican taco stand, but I just don't feel like I get my money's worth after I finish my food. I would definitely recommend it over many other taco shops; just be prepared to spend a little more.
4	America's has always had a consistent and delicious bean&cheese burrito.  Its not the size of something you would find at Bertos, but its waaay better quality. They only have one other vegetarian entree - a veggie quesadilla.  I do wish they had more veg options and all of their specials seemed to be geared towards their meat eaters.I think their refried beans and tortillas are heavenly!  The flan is homemade any yummy, too!It drives me bonkers that they are so dang stingy with their salsa! They make me feel like they are doing me a super-exclusive favor if I ask for extra.
3	Craving for some tacos so we went to this America's Taco Shop the other day for lunch.  They have three locations now and they seem to be doing well since there were a lot of folks dining here when we arrived.  The restaurant is quaint, very clean and nicely decorated with a few TV's.  They have a very patio for dining with friends, whether permitting of course. Service ~ you walk in, up to the counter and place your order.  The folks working here are friendly and accommodating.  They do a lot of carry out in addition to their dine in. Food ~ We had their Carne Asada Tacos, Al Pastor Burritos, some shrimp ceviche since it was on a Saturday and their chips and salsa with guacamole.  The carne asada was diced rather than pulled so it had a different texture than what I am used to.  It tasted ok and with a little of their salsa and a lite squeeze on the lime my tacos went from ok to very good.  The al pastor buro had a good balance of spice with grilled pineapples and plenty of cilantro, lettuce and salsa, It was also ok to good.  The salsa and chips were really tasty but their guac was not something I would order again.  The shrimp ceviche was very disappointing since I'm a huge fan of ceviche.  Bits of diced cucumber, onion, tomato with diced shrimp?  It was more of a salsa with a little shrimp added.  The beer was excellent!!They have a nice patio so it's a great place to dine for lunch or dinner next time you are craving some tacos!
5	best tacos in town...awesome flavor...great $...fun place...we love it
3	Call me when it's Mexico's Taco Shop.  The food is fair, not great, but definitely not bad.  I've eaten there twice and while I can see some love it I just think there are far too many other options in town for fantastic Mexican food.  The thing I find most disturbing is this margarita on tap trend that I keep seeing.  America's Taco Shop isn't the only place I've seen this.  Just the most recent.  It annoys me.  How tough is it to make a margarita?  I'll likely be back and won't bitch about going but definitely won't be driving going past some of the other great taco places in the area to get to it.
3	I have only been to America's 3 times and every time I try to have something different because I always hear people rant and rave about it.  I only give it 3 stars because the food is just fair in my opinion.  I have been to other places that have better tasting carne asada and a better selection on salsas.  I think they try and put amodern twist on their tacos but sometimes simple and old fashion is better than "fancy" ingredients.I will probably still go there if I need a carne asada fix and cant get to Tucson but it isnt someplace that I would take people for anything authentic.
5	Best taco shop ever. If it wasn't so pricey I would go everyday!
5	LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! The beans. Peruvian magic! And my favorite is the COCHATA!!!! I'm addicted! I know it's a small menu, but that's what makes it easy to just order. I've been to a lot of mexican restaurants...and I like to think I am a good judge of good mexican food. Being mexican and all ;-) and the simplicity of this place is what makes it!
3	I really wanted to love this place, but unfortunately I didn't. Went with the husband, child and friend on a Friday night. From the looks of it they do a banging take out business for there was a steady stream of people coming and going. I ordered the ceviche, the husband and his friend both ordered carne asada burritos and a bean an cheese burrito for the son. The ceviche wasn't really what I would call ceviche. It was more like chopped shrimp with pico de gallo, cucumbers and chips for dipping. Tasty but not really the ceviche that I am used to and not worth the price. The bean and cheese burrito had a really good taste but as soon as my son took his first bite most of the beans ran out and he was left with a soggy tortilla. The beans would most definitely be a hit as a side with dinner or in a cup, but not in a tortilla. The carne asada was also good but the burritos were small in size, again not really worth the price. The service was friendly and the patio on a nice night is great. Maybe I was expecting some of the best Mexican Food I had ever eaten from reading previous reviews. The food was good but I think for the quantity of food you get it's a little overpriced, I know some are going to disagree and say it's about quality not quantity, and I agree with that to an extent. I would go here again if I had a hankering for some Mexican and was in the Melrose area.
2	For a $6 carne asada burrito, the portions are very small. The steak is grilled well, but it's flavorless for the most part, and their salsa doesn't enhance the meal in any way. The place was clean and the $2 Pacifico's are a bonus. I was expecting more, and won't be returning, especially because of the portions. This is just another place that makes me want to help my mother start her own restaurant.
3	Dear A.T.S.I am one of your customers. So much in fact that your employees know my name. And so it is with love that I share these things with you: * Your food is good but overpriced...there I said it. Times are hard, we know your making a bundle, why should a burrito and coke cost me $10?* Your margaritas suck...too sweet and carbonated!* Your happy hour tacos are puny* Quit advertising 'al pastor' anything...btw they gave me the runs (true story).* This white girl loves Mana but you guys are over doing it...spice up your music selection!All in all decent place but feel like your being cheap on us. That's a quick way to lose business.Yours truly
3	I know three stars doesn't sound so great but I really have no complaints about America's Taco Shop. I thought the prices were okay for mini soft tacos at $2.35 a piece, and certainly my order of 2 carne asado tacos and 2 tacos al pastor were filling. I ordered both "America's Way" which meant adding grilled diced jalapenos, and appreciated being able to order online and pick up my takeaway order just 20 minutes later. I guess I wish I'd been able to have other selections from the shop, perhaps dining in the really charming dining room, to really get the full experience. All in all the experience was A-OK.
5	Carne asada you'll never forget, customer service that makes you feel like family, and ambiance that will keep you coming back every week! I really love this place for work lunches or weekend relaxation.I really do wish they would lower their prices a little, though.  I'd visit even more often if a taco didn't cost so much.
4	"You had me at Cochata."Good early morning breakfast stop in Phoenix, breakfast burritos were great and hit the spot. So good I ate two of them.Also try the Cochata, a coffee and Horchata mix better than any milkshake frappacino you'll get at Starbucks.
5	The food is awesome and the service is even better.
4	Pros: 1. Amazing delicious real mexican food. 2. Best breakfast burrito I've ever had. 3. The Guac is so FRESH and delicious. 4. Great beer specials. Cons: 1. Food is over priced for sure. $8.00 for a freaking XL carne asada. 2. Kind of cramped inside. 3. They need a spicier salsa. Overall, great food and customer service.
4	I don't claim to be a mexican food authentication expert, being from here and raised on chimichangas smothered in sauce and cheese.  I do know good, though, and this stuff is way beyond good.  Costs more than other order at the counter mexican places, but the quality of the food is worth it.  Really good margaritas was a nice surprise in a plastic cup.  Carne asada to die for - I had to order a second burrito.  Their refried beans are the best anywhere.  Staff have always been very nice, patiently waiting as I try to decide what to order, and not acting at all put out when I'm finally ready.
5	Best Beans I have ever had.  Ate to Bean Burritos and Carne Asada Taco and let me tell ya, a few hours later.....................................
4	It was my first time at this place.  Love the food; had the Al Pastor Taco & Bean & Cheese Burrito for 5 bucks; it filled me up.  But, the reason I went was a review in New Times talking about America's corn; I got the last one of the night....YAY - it was wonderful!!!  It wasn't grilled like Gallo Blanco; but it was great!!!  Will definately be back!!!
4	Wonderfully friendly service, fantastic bean and cheese burrito, ceviche was extremely tasty.  I've switched to the 7th Street from 7th Ave locations since it's closer to home (and ate their last night and tonight).  Consistently good service and yummy food.
2	Overrated.  Is the al pastor and asada delicious? Yes.  Is it waaay over priced? Yes.  The chips were cold and not very tasty.  The salsas were not memorable.  The corn tortillas they use for the tacos are not half as good as the ones Food City or Ranch Market makes.  They do have a nice selection of beers.  I guess they do so well because their patrons love Mexican food and will pay more to have it served by Non-Mexicans.  I guess if you've never had the real deal before this place is good.  There are many many Mexican restaurants in Phoenix serving much better tacos and burritos for half as much.  I won't be back.
4	First Impression:Ordering a burrito involves deciding between two different sizes of burros? Reg and XL. I went with the regular on account of my personal mission to fight the obesity epidemic, one bite, one burrito at a time. Turns out I was siding with the models on this one, and not those Dove approves. The burrito regular is on the small side, and costs $5.99. I suppose it is intended to lighten my figure and my wallet, simultaneously. Regarding carne asada -- it is indeed legit, there is a lot of flavor packed into the tiny tortilla. Lots of flavor, just the right amount of juice, some fresh onions lightly grilled (also inside), and a side of salsa. The hot salsa, is not spicy, but it has good flavor.On my second visit I came by on a Sunday morning to try the breakfast burrito. There was a daily special and the XL size cost only $4.50. Filled with chorizo, eggs, beans and cheese and accompanied with a side of salsa, it turned out to be 3/5 stars. The chorizo was mild, not the kind that would show up at your Grandma's house for breakfast if you were from Douglas, AZ. I found out that the XL size is really a normal people size burrito. I wonder if this taco shop is catering to ASU sorority girls. They get get 4 stars for dynamite flavor on the carne.
4	We recently moved down the street from here and were pleasantly surprised by this little place.  Though the food portions could be considered small (come on people, we as a country could stand to lessen our portions a bit!) I find them to be enough.  The carne asada is good, but I wouldn't say it's the best I've had.  The margarita's are really yummy and the fact that they are on tap makes me love them even more.  The horchata is also note worthy and if you want, they'll even add some booze to it for a small up-charge.  Hey-o!
5	I am addicted to the Bean Burro, to the tune of once a week.  This is also in my neighborhood, so I want to support them as much as I can.  This food is NOT fast-food Mexican, nor is it typical greasy Sonoran.  The menu is small, but tasty.  In addition to the bean burro, I highly recommend the ceviche (weekends), the carne asada, and the salsas.  For a more genuine experience, order a Margarita, Mexican coke, or one of the fruit drinks made fresh on the premises.  Sit outside, enjoy the weather, bob your head to the music, and all will be well....I promise.
5	Wow, I can't believe how bad my first review was! i'm glad I went through to read my past reviews, because this one was way off. Maybe it was my secret plan to keep people from crowding our spot!We bring everyone here! The tortillas are great, the service is amazing, and I've never had anyone tell me they didn't love it. Their cochata is amazing, and my personal favorite is the vegetarian quesadilla. yum!
5	Definitely the best carne asada tacos in town. Have recommended this place to several friends and no one has been disappointed.
3	Ok so I went to Americas for the first time and I gave them three stars because I feel that is the most that I can give them. It is a cute place but they only have two kinds of meat..... Carne Asada and Al pastor so those two meats in tortas, tacos, quesadillas and burritos. I had the Al pastor quesadilla and the smallest Orchata I could get. The quesadilla was pretty good the Al pastor was properly made the Orchata was extremely sweet and definitely from a powder mix. My real disappointment was the price for my small meal, 8 dollars my friend got the larger quesadilla and a can of soda and that was over 10 dollars. The food was pretty good but definitely over priced for a normal workday lunch.
1	This has been a hard year for many business' and it especially shows here. I haven't gone as much as I used to since it seemed like each time they were out of something. This is an issue considering the menu is already limited. My most recent and last visit, there was almost no meat on my torta. We ordered some chips and guacomole with our food and it was just enough to feel satisfied, but over priced since it lacked meat.
5	Great place. We found out about this place initially by driving by as so many business have come and gone at this location the past 3 years. We sampled their tacos at the Duck and Decanter festival and went in the Friday after.  They had $1 mini pastor burritos (I think, as a European I have a hard time with Mexican food and what is called what)Also had the $4 Margarita and was very good for the price. Nice tang and a good amount of alcohol for the price.Will come back.
5	I just want to add, that since becoming vegan, this is my go to spot for a damn good burrito!  The tortillas are vegan as are the beans, thanks for not using lard peeps!!  Get a bean burrito Terry's way! You'll thank me for this later!  Plus, the regular, tamarindo or jamaica margarita's are all to die for!
4	I'm loving the Cochata so much that I swung by twice this past weekend. Whoever came up with this coffee and horchata concoction is a genius.Now I only wish America offered a soyrizo breakfast burrito. Will you please do this for me and all the soyrizo lovers in the Melrose? Thanks in advance.
5	Yum yum yum! I love this place's breakfast burrito and their carne asada. For some reason, the first time I went to the 7th ST location, i didn't like it. However, I came back after about 6 months and now I am addicted!I do prefer this location over the 7th street for some reason. This location seems to have a nicer staff. Plus it's close to some really awesome antique shops! Makes for a great pre-antiquing breakfast!
3	Had their tacos and a margarita. Was dissapointed with the marg, the tacos were decent. Prices seemed a bit steep for the tacos, they were small but the price was big. All in all, I wouldn't specifically avoid this place, but I also wouldn't go out of my way to come here. There are better tacos down the street at Gallo Blanco.
5	Love this place!!! It's right across the street from my house. The XL Asada burrito is awesome, The Carne Asada is juicy and sooo flavorful, hand cut while you wait. I also got  America's corn and some street tacos! I absolutely love the corn, at first the idea of mayo on the corn put me off but it's amazing, especially with the cotina cheese and sauce they put on it. i love that they give you a lil baggie of cucumbers and radishes with your order, it comes in handy to clean your palate after some of the salsa. My friend had a Margarita but I had to try the Horchata.....so good, just the right amount of sweet, cinnamon and it was ice cold!!! Can't wait to go again
4	I love America's.  When I tell people about it they don't believe it is "real Mexican" because of the name.  America is the name of the founder, duh.  It's legitsky.I usually go for the carne asada tacos or burritos depending on hunger, always America's way (with diced jalepeno's).  The pork tacos I've heard are good and they have them on special for $1 certain nights.  I know they just recently added chicken up in the mix, which I am sure I will try soon.I almost always order the Trio appitizer as well.  It comes with guacamole, salsa and chips.  The guacamole and (spicy) salsa are great.  One downside to that is they do charge for chips and salsa which is kind of dumb in the world we live in, but it's still worth it.Sunday Funday, $2 Pacifico's all day :)  Nice patio as well.
5	Al Pastor - with JUST cilantro and raw onion. - Don't let anyone tell you there is another way to eat these orgasms in your mouth. Enjoy!
5	I love this place!! I have to come here every time I visit Phoenix.  I am not usually a big fan of Bean & Cheese burritos, but that is what I always order here, something about their beans is so different and so delicious!  I also love the chips and salsa and their iced tea.  If you are in Phoenix, they have several locations, you should definitely check it out.
5	One of my favorite places! Excellent! !
2	EXTREMELY disappointed in their burritos. The two that a friend and I ordered was filled with meat and barely anything else. The burrito was so limp I felt bad eating it. Never going back.
1	I really don't get why everyone is raving this place.  I've been here twice and ordered the carne asada burrito.  The portions are really small for the price that they charge.  There is too much tortilla for the meat.  I think this place is overrated and that there are better places for carne asada in the valley.
5	Vampiro, wow it rocks.   Happy hour $2 beers.  I love this place.   Pork w/mangos, carne asada, chicken it's too hard to decide.   It's a drive but so worth it!
4	Finally got a chance to stop in and definitely do not regret it. I'm glad I found a solid little taco shop close to our place because two hippies just aint cuttin it. I had the pastor tacos and carne asada tacos and they were both delicious. Very homemade authentic taste and ingredients. The staff was friendly and helpful. Can't wait to head back for more!
4	First off I am a huge fan of refried beans, this place has some of the most velvety, delicious refried beans I've ever had anywhere. Not too salty, homemade, creamy, just perfect. I am a fan of their pastor. Before eating here I did not know what that was, it's a marinated pork in a sweet robust red sauce that is served with grilled pineapple. It's island-y tasting. Portions here are on the smaller side, however the food is so tasty, I'm not complaining.
5	the. best. tacos. i've. ever. had.
5	Love this place, and now the hours are expanded! This place is so authentic but also clean and friendly enough to take the family to anytime. While they are known for the Pork I still love the spicy chicken burrito and the Vampiro! I don't think Melrose has a bad restaurant, seriously just park anywhere and walk. America's is the best for all around Mexican that you can take anyone to. I just had a friend visit from Mexico and she loved it so I feel great about my choice!
4	If I did loved this place .... so easy going, different for everything I had have.... a must go in San Diego.... so good
5	Voonderbar!!! Never knew this was here! Was brought here by a friend who loves this place so i thought I'd try it out! NICE! Goodness and cheap!!!
4	Night  Staff very friendly as I have been here twice just before closing.   Flan $3.95  is best I have had in the valley.  Trust me, I've had many.  Corn is delicious.  Beans are creamy.  Although, Vampiro w Carne asada  $3.50 was delicious  I wish it was larger.  Get 2 as 1 will not fill you.  Horchata good but not as good as La Condesa Gourmet Taco.   Ample easy free lot parking.   Almost a 5.
3	I'm confused as to why these are considered "the best" carne asada in the valley? I've had some pretty amazing carne asada and this is just "good". No complaints on the meat flavour or texture, but the size of the burrito was a bit disappointing. The flavour was mostly the pico de gallo (which I specifically asked they not put in it). The guacamole was thin but had an ok flavour. It could have used cheese or sour creme to balance the onions and salsa better. I would have been less miffed about the pico being in there anyway if the place were busy but we were literally the only customers. Mother got the carne asada taco and a "vampiro" - something I'd never heard of before but seemed very Baja in nature with more sweet ingredients like pineapple. She liked them though commented the taste of the vampiro was odd (but not in a bad way - just a new kind of food).Regular carne burrito, taco, vampiro, large lemonade, a can of Coke, and a side of chips with two salsas was just under $20. Didn't seem bad for all that but the portions are a bit smaller than I'm used to for a "hole in the wall" type Mexican food place - for that price at a place like Filiberto's, you'd get more food. I'm all for supporting local businesses though so I won't focus on the price.Very nice outdoor patio area was perfect for a day like today.Bottom line, it would have been 4 stars, perhaps, if my order was correct and the portions were just a bit larger. I'd still come back to try other menu items, especially during Happy Hour.
4	This is a fun little place for tacos and light Mexican fare. I had the ceviche and my husband had some tacos. The carne asada is some of the best I've had in the area. The ceviche was delicious. It wasn't overdone and loaded with unnecessary ingredients. Simplicity dominates the small menu at America's Taco Shop and the focus on quality is evident in the food. The best part is probably the price. Everything is so cheap! If you want a light lunch then you could get out of there for around four bucks but if you're really hungry drop a ten and unhinge your jaw. The hot sauce was also quite good. Very smokey and spicy. Great beer specials on the weekend!The restaurant is small but they have nice little patio with misters. Perfect place to stop for lunch downtown. I'm excited to go back when I'm hungrier. Their burritos looked delicious.
5	They get beans and tortillas right, and that's my benchmark for good Mexican fare. From there, we move to the carne asada tacos, which are excellent. Can't go wrong here.
4	LOVE it here.  Small, homey, and yummy food.  Great patio!  I love their veggie quesadilla and the beans are great.  It's nice to know they are lard free...which means you can eat vegetarian or vegan here easily!  The kid loves it...especially the beans.  They have jamaica, horchata and tamarindo fresh made to drink too.  YUM!
4	Wow, love the tacos and the homemade beans and the homemade lemonade. I can hear for early lunch for the first time. Very casual/trendy spot in 7 avenue, I loved the way that the lettuce is chopped very fine and the meat very flavorful.  I did not care to much for the red salsa (I think it was a little smokey for my taste) but the beans were fantastic and super creamy (I need to come back for a bean burro).  There is outdoor patio seating and inside seating with a flat screen.  They have happy hour taco specials, very cool place.
4	Yay, even though I miss living in Coronado I am glad to be back at the Melrose America's.  If you have read any of my reviews you know how disappointed I was with Coronado America's rude service that I boycotted that particular location.  Now that I am back around Melrose I can once again enjoy Happy Hour Tacos and drinks, or their delicious breakfast burro and cochata.  If 7th St let you down try 7th Ave.
4	Phoenix's airport is called Sky Harbor, which makes it sound like an outlet mall, but it's really an airport. And if you're on the way to Sky Harbor from Sedona, and you have time to stop for tacos, America's Taco Shop is a great choice. The guac is good, the salsa is fresh, the al pastor burrito is only a little fruity. The carne asada tacos are probably the best thing on the menu. The prices are very reasonable, and you'll be in and out very quickly unless there's a line out the door like in the picture on the wall from the regional magazine's "best of Phoenix" issue.
5	One of my favorite places for lunch/happy hour. It isn't quite authentic, but their salsa is good, al pastor tacos are $1 on happy hour, and all their meat is high quality.
5	I miss going to this Americas Taco Shop in my old neighbor hood.  Glad to see they have more locations now!!  Love their carne asada and their salsa.  Yum!
3	It's alright. Not the best. But ain't the worst.
3	A couple girlfriends and I stopped here for a quick nosh and to kill some time because we were an hour early for the drag show down the road at The Rock.  Once we walked up and saw the sign for the "Best Carne Asada" we obviously all decided to get something with Carne Asada in it, you can't see a sign like that and get the Chorizo!Two of us ordered the quesadilla and one ordered the breakfast burrito.  We were told it would be about 30-40 minutes because they had lost a cook for the night.  Ummmm, okay, I can understand it taking a little longer than normal but this place was not packed by any means and let's be honest, you throw some stuff in a tortilla and put it on the grill for a couple minutes.  I don't understand how that equates to a 40 minute way.  We had plenty of time though so we decided to wait.Our food came out and the general consensus was that we were underwhelmed.  The food wasn't bad but it was THE BEST CARNE ASADA EVER IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD!!!  The two of us who ordered the quesadillas were kind of thrown off by there being lettuce in it, never experienced that before but okay.  And the breakfast burrito was soggy.Would we go back?  Meh, maybe if there was nothing else open and we had an hour to kill again but we won't be going out of our way to make it in.
3	Carne asada and Cochata are both solid tasting. My only complaint is that 1 burrito (regular, not XL), and 1 taco run $10, then a drink on top of that and you go up from there.  Friendly staff. Worth a try.
5	Pretty good, like all taco joints pretty hit or miss. This is my fav over the hippy shop but this place is also a couple bucks more expensive, and when your talking tacos, that absurd. oHH and this place is open later than the Local Hippy taco joint.
4	Parking is a bitch, but this place is worth it! This place, scratch that, ALL their locations, are absurdly busy at lunch time, but it beats the usual downtown lunch grinds. 7th Ave location also has a great outdoor patio, so perfect for the unbeatable valley weather. Misters will be on full blast during the summer. Inside, it's a bit cramped, so I always try to sit outside (unless it's 110 out). Love love love the Al Pastor tacos, and their chips and salsa are also great! Mexican cokes, HELL YA. Carne asada is dope. The beans are also legit. They also have some pretty good ceviche and margaritas. Happy hour here is worth a check out. **Secret menu item- America's Favorites. Great for 2 people, gets you 2 al pastor tacos and 2 burritos. You can also substitute for whatever meat you want. Add in 2 drinks and it's ~$20.
4	I love America's Carne Asada, it has been rated the best in the valley several times and I can see why. My co-workers and I eat there at least once a week. Spring for the XL burrito extra spicy! Like others have said parking can be a bit of a pain during lunch but it isn't horrible, you can park on the street. $12 for a XL burrito and tamarindo drink is a little expensive compared to your chain fast food joint but this food is WAY better! So worth it!
5	I'm addicted to the simple bean and cheese burritos, homemade, no crap in them and everything a bean and cheesier should be. I need to wean myself from having too many, I don't want to get sick of them ...savor the love. I've had the carne Asada and Pastor Taco's both are ridiculously yummy as well.
2	The Americas taco shop in Tempe is great, their mango salsa is stellar, & their service good, despite at times heavy crowds! Sadly, this location on 7th Ave. is not the same. They don't include the terrific salsa, & this was not made clear until we got our order with the regular, unremarkable stuff. When asked about it, they said yes they offered it but AT ADDITIONAL CHARGE. We placed another entire order, with the extra charge & wait time, only to discover IT IS NOT THE SAME special salsa they offer in tempe. This was really plain, & again we were disappointed. The staff was friendly, & did come by to ask how things were, so it seems they care. I just really can't say it's great like the one in Tempe.
5	They claim to have the best carne asada in town. I believe them. All I had was a carne asada burrito, so this 5-star review is based on a single item.
2	Okay, I live in the Melrose district and try to frequent the local businesses whenever I can to support my 'hood.... but I think that I've marked America's off my personal  "patronize" list. Went today for the first time in about a month for carne asada burritos, and a Mexican Coke. Burritos were, well, limp AND lame. No real flavor, no spicy "kick", and kinda mushy and just overall bland. Service was very matter-of-fact and not friendly in the least - are all of the employees at the 7th Avenue location unhappy with their jobs or are they just "salty" on Sundays because they're hung-over from Saturday night. No, really.... borderline rude service and the place was not overly busy or crowded.  As the previous Yelper mentioned, parking is indeed a bitch as times - just park on the side street - it's much easier than America's lot.  Final thing - this place is kinda pricey given the portion size - which has also been previously mentioned by others. It seems to be that portion size is getting SMALLER over the past 3 or 4 months. Cost-cutting, perhaps?? If so, it's really degrading the product.
4	Tried the carnitas taco.  It was ok - 3 stars.  I like them more as a true street taco.  This one had pineapple and sauces to go with.  I like mine with just the meat, onions, cilantro and some spicy salsa.  Heads up, the guac that comes with this is the packaged stuff.  It's not the fresh guac you can buy separate. Why the 4 stars?  B/c their horchata, salsa, and beans.  Oh so yummy!  THe horchata was definitely homemade.  So yummy and creamy but not too creamy.  Oh and the beans...I'm drooling just thinking about them.  Simple and oh so good.
5	All I know is that they make the best al pastor burritos and tacos in Phoenix. They are just sweet enough, just savory enough and I always want 50 more of them. When it's sunny and not smoldering hot outside, the picnic tables out front are a great place to have lunch. Parking can get to be tricky when it's busy but you can go next door and thrift shop it up while you wait for your food to be ready.
3	I guess as with any restaurant, people either love or hate it.  I fall somewhere in the middle.  I have been here a couple of times and always had an ok experience.  Last night I tried the Pastor Burrito.  It was filled with pork flavored with Pineapple. I guess I expected it might have something else in the Burrito like beans, cheese, rice but it only contained just the meat.  For $7.95 I also thought it was on the small size.  On an unrelated note, I noticed they have electrical wiring running on the wall above the cash register.  Please keep in mind the nearest exit just in case the place bursts into flames.
4	Love the layout of the business. Lots of seating out side and also seating inside. Only been here twice. I would go lots more if I did not live in Peoria. They are extremely friendly and helpful when you are ordering. I have had their tacos, burrito and last time the vegetarian Quesadilla. I have found their food very fresh and tasty. I will definitely go back to see them when I am in the area. Go see them I am sure you will enjoy your meal.
1	I've been here 6 or 7 times and at first fell in love with their carne asada burrito. This love was short lived as every time I take my first bite the wrap completely apart due to the pico sauce water. Here's where the 1 star comes in. Service leaves a LOTTT to be desired. EVERY time I've ordered the same thing, and every time it takes 1/2 hour on average for the burrito to reach my table. There are 2 people eating inside the restaurant and 1 in the patio area - it shouldn't take this long. My coworker always gets a bean burrito with no cheese and EVERY time they've messed up the order and had to re-make it leaving us eating at different times. 3 weeks ago we were eating here and the Sheriff's department shut it down because of illegal immigration. Took 2 weeks for them to open up shop again. Unfortunately this has had a worse effect on the service (at least it seems as though this is the case) because not only did my burrito come out 1/2 hour later, but as I finally got up the courage to complain, the manager gave us all kinds of excuses and no apologies. I guess I'd still eat their food if it was take out but other than that, I don't think I'll be coming back to America's taco shop anymore. Good Luck guys!!
4	When I saw the name "Americas taco shop" the first thing that came to mind was "Taco Bell", good ole "American" Tacos... I was relieved when I found out the name is not based on the country but rather the name of a Hispanic Woman. Based on the "Arnold Palmer" beverage I have learned that if something that you consume is being named after a person then it is probably worth consuming.... just ask Reuben!!!I frequent this location and when ever I am in the mood for a Mexican coke I will drop in like a paratrooper with one objective in mind. seek and destroy that sugary beverage. but like any mission other obstacles present them self that I did not initially anticipate. In the case of Operation Americas Taco Shop it always turns out to be the chips and salsa. It doesn't end there though.... they have backup, and it is in the form of carne asada. Carne asada is tricky because it sneaks up under the comfort of a fluffy torta bun, or under the cover of a well grilled tortilla. I tend to always end up with a regular bean and cheese burrito and a regular carne asada quesadilla. for me it is a manageable task and I do not need to radio in back up.This is a mission that I will choose to accept on numerous occasions in the future. as long as the threat of carne asada is amongst us you can count on me to be there at "Americas" for Americans!!!
3	Meh, I've had better, but it does the job..can't really say you can call it "authentic"...
3	I feel right in the middle about America's Taco Shop. It's not my favorite but I don't hate it either. I do enjoy their lunch specials, it is a good price for a meal, chips and a drink. It is in a good location for me and it a good option for lunch or happy hour.
4	Great tacos!!!
5	This place has the best breakfast burrito in town! They're a little on the pricey side but well worth the money and on some days (Sunday?) they're a dollar off. Everyone who has ever taken my order has been polite and friendly. I want to try something else on the menu but the breakfast burrito is too good to pass up!  Love this place!
4	First I should say I don't like Mexican food.  I struggle to find something I can eat on the menu.   Went here tonight since someone else was craving it...I had an incredible egg, chorizo, potato, cheese breakfast burritto for dinner.  I made it clear that it had to be as spice free as possible and they did a wonderful job.  I saw the ppm taxis and bean burritto get devoured.  Guacomole had a bit too much of a kick for me bit that is how most people like it.  We took our order to go and it was all good when we got home.
4	Guacamole was ridiculous (as in GOOD), as were the beans that came with. I had some kind of pineapple/peppers/chile rimmed margarita. It was eight dollars, which I wasn't too thrilled with, but aside from that I was pretty freaking happy.I LOVE CHIPS!!! ;o)
4	XL bean burrito, no cheese, add guacamole and grilled jalapenos = yum. The fresh brewed iced tea is delicious and comes in a giant cup with free refills. Love this place for a quick tasty meal.
3	I'm a big fan of ATS, but I'm always sticker shocked at how expensive it is when everything adds up, and it takes quite a while to get the food.  It's good, but with the zillion other taco places around, I think I'd rather try out a new place.  Maybe if they run a deal on Groupon, Living Social, or Voice I'd head there again.
4	I have actually been to the location and the food is not bad but nothing to get excited returning back. Friendly staff and fun setup
4	Awesome!
5	One of my absolute fave places to sit out on the patio and enjoy a cold bottle of Mexican coca cola and some carne asada! I've had the torta, I've had the tacos, I've had the pastor.  All of these are stellar!This last time, I finally tried the Elote! A cob of sweet corn covered in crema and queso! I can't explain how delicious this is...it is beyond words!Taco Tuesday is now Taco-Elote Tuesday!  Never have I ever...been disappointed at America's!!!!
5	The first time I went here, I ordered the carne asada burrito and fell in love with the place.  I had the Cochata which is coffee and horchata.  I hate horchata, but this concoction was amazing.  I love guacamole, and there are very few places that serve guacamole with only avocado and lime juices.  This is probably why I love the burrito so much.  They also offer guacamole with tomatoes and onions, but I will not touch any of that.  The second time I went, however, my burrito did not taste as good, and neither did my cochata.  I was a little disappointed, but I do understand that different people work every day.  I will definitely keep coming here.  I wish they would open a bigger one!
4	This place is the perfect neighborhood walk to place on a weekend. The food is amazing, they even added chicken to their menu! My one and only criticism is that the beer is warm. I would suggest on their busy nights (Fri, Sat, Sun) they get an ice chest and put their beer in that. They are serving it too fast for the fridge to keep up. Other than that, awesome!!
5	One of my all time favorite places. Pastor quesadilla and bean burritos to die for. Also the house salsa is wonderful. Cant stay away from this place.
4	Great food, but PLEASE stop playing Lola over and over and over. My coworkers and I heard it 4 times during one lunch. Incredibly annoying. It's playing right now as I'm writing this.
4	I. Love. Their. Horchata. It's the best I've ever had.Their tacos are decent, but not to the point that I rave like everyone else. I'm so glad they are still in this location. I lived in Melrose for 4 years and saw 3 different restaurants in that building in that time. It's like cursed or something. Maybe it WAS cursed until America moved in? Wouldn't that be crazy?Anyway, the staff is friendly. I do think the portions are a bit small for the price, but she's got a following and can charge a bit more.I love riding my bike here, pounding down some tacos and horchata, then pedaling back home for a food come nap.
3	Where there's smoke there's fire.  The smoke in this case is the all-to-common reviews of ATS.  This place is constantly mentioned in Phoenix magazine as the best carna asada in Phoenix.  It's not.  Not even close.  As nearly every other reviewer mentioned, the portion-to-cost size (i.e. value) is very disheartening.  Even my waifish (110 lb) wife had to go back for two more tacos.  The tacos are good, not great.  They're not double tortilla wrapped like most taco shops.  The salsa is ok.  I had the burrito al pastor, regular size but it was pretty tiny for $5.95.  Didn't come with any chips or salsa.  The flavor was ok but if you're really looking for great tacos in Phoenix, go to Tacos Atyoac.  Carambas has nearly identical carna asada.  I had the mexican corn but they were out of cojita cheese (?) so it wasn't the same.  It was my choice to still get it but I shouldn't have.  How can you be out of cojita cheese if you're a mexican restaurant?  Grab a $20 from the till and go south to Food City-you'll be back in less than 15 minutes.This used to be a pretty cool Phoenix sucess story but it looks like the food is now secondary to building a chain.  ATS, please read the reviews and make the corrections needed before its too late. While I wouldn't take points off for service, the help was less than inviting.
3	Fairly decent Mexican place with great outdoor seating (although we got swarmed by bees so had to relocate indoors). I was pretty shocked at how pricey our meal was: $40 for 6 tacos, chips, salsa, guac and 2 margs for two people. The tacos are really small so 3 is pretty standard fare. That said the flavor of the al pastor was good, and the salsa tasted fresh and spicy. Would be a great place to visit during their happy hour.
3	I gotta say, I do not see where the rave reviews for ATS come from. I get the niche vegan group but, aside from the chain being named best carne asada by a local paper, I find the restaurant underwhelming. Don't get me wrong, it isn't bad -- the place is clean, has its own style, and has found success with shops all around town now. But I find the menu limited, the prices high, and the food just okay.But when out of towners visit looking for the Best Mexican food, I steer elsewhere.
4	I love the Carne Asada burrito and tacos. Taco Tuesday they have a special on Pastor tacos. Quaint little place with indoor and patio seating. Beer, margaritas and true Mexican coke an sprite (made with cane sugar). They also have a happy hour specials every day from 2 to 6. I first visited the original taco shop on 7th street, and this one (their second) is just as good. Fast friendly service
5	Ahhhhmazing. I'm hooked and love it. Awesome beans. Great prices. Great margarita. Wish I lived closer!
5	Very good tacos!and try  drink made home,Jamaica flower for exemplar,it's very nice drink!I will go back very soon
4	I am very saddened by the fact that they have moved locations. This was a great and convenient location for my commute home from work. I'll be stopping in every now and then at the new location but I'll be missing my (almost) weekly stop. Very friendly and welcoming staff members coupled with a nice indoor and patio dining area make for a very enjoyable dining experience.The food is very reasonably priced and delicious. The portion sizes are a little smaller than I am used to, but preferred to the unnecessarily huge portions found at other nearby Mexican restaurants.I would highly recommend the carne asada torta sandwich. I tried it after reading another user's review and I was not disappointed. The horchata is also some of the best I've had in town.I have never enjoyed their happy hour specials but it seems like great deal with Mexican beers available for just $2.
4	We always like this spot. Great and affordable tacos. Nothing that really knocks your socks off, but always a good quick bite.
4	Oddly enough, I found this place while working at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda, MD. There was a location in the food court at the exchange there. Being from AZ, I was craving good fast mexican food and the offerings in MD consisted of Taco Bell. But this place is legit. Great carne asada, which is my go to. And they even had jamaica and horchata. Thanks for saving my palate while I was in DC.
5	One of my favorites. Great spot to grab a burrito on the run. The staff are always a little disorganized but service is good nonetheless. Try the Co-chata (horchata and iced coffee); it's amazing.
1	Bad expensive tacos. The guaco is not bad. But the asada is gamy and chicken dry. I dont get what people like about them..... This place is not overrated, its awful.Go to Taco Guild instead
4	Bean burrito here is so delicious! Reminds me of my Tia's beans in Mexico:-). Their al pastor tacos with pineapple are perfect...mmmm, mmmm! I've been to the 7th St, Chandler and Old Town Scottsdale locations...all are consistent, friendly, good service...always great food! What more can you ask for?
4	I love going to this little taco shop for happy hour. Their pork tacos are the best. the have a really good variety of different types of Mexican food and tasty salsa  as well!!! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!!
4	i thought this place was great i loved the bean and cheese and the chips and salsa was addicting but it was a little to much for how small the portion size was
4	The food here is made fresh and is delicious. The chips were crispy and not oily. I had the vegetarian quesadilla. It was full of flavor and the hot salsa that is made fresh daily was like a blast of various veggies and spices all blending together in sync. I would recommend this place to those looking for fresh Mexican food that is not oily or overloaded with cheese which masks hidden flavors.
1	This place is a terrible idea unless your rich and can order like 5 burritos they are acrimony as shit my burrito was 6$ and the size of like a taquito. My order was 20$ for that and 3 mini ass tacos with no flavor. If your really looking for Mexican food this ain't it. The horchata is good. Anyone recommend a real Mexican place in central Phoenix?
5	ALL I GOT TO SAY IS :: PERUVIAN BEANSThe staff is helpful and gracious, plus they honor yelp promotions like the one where you get a free boat of chips upon your first check in (shwweeet). Their decor is cute, they have a patio, good salsa, AND they serve booze for a good price. Holler
2	I had heard how thwse tacos were so amazing and convinced the hubby to try something new.  Cute, tiny restaurant with a friendly man at the counter.  We ordered 7 tacos, a quesadilla, a side of beans, chips and drinks.  For everything,  our bill was nearly $40.  I thought that seemed pretty high,  but waited to receive our food to see if it was worth it.  The food was edible and had decent flavor.   However,  the portion size was super tiny.  The tacos did not have much meat in them and the quesadilla was made with about an 8" flour tortilla.  Tiny.  Chips were thin and crisp with tasty salsa, but the hot salsa needs more heat.  Also, they are NOT FREE!!  The tortillas are store bought, which by the prices, I was hoping for homemade.  Overall, I was dissapointed with the lack of value you receive.  Even though the food was decent, I would not return.
4	Great place for "street tacos" at a good price. It actually feels like you in Mexico when you eat here and the food is fantastic! I'm not sure how their franchised shops are, but the 7th Ave spot is a favorite stop!The pastor is fantastic and their breakfast burritos are legendary! Worth a stop if your in the area or looking for a good taco shop at a decent price.  Food is so fresh that if they run out, thats it, order something else or come back tomorrow.
4	This is the best location in Phoenix and second is the 16th and Camelback location. I always get the carnet asada burrito or a carne asada taco with bean burrito. It's delicious every time! Food is consistent and good. The beans are amazing!
4	The original. I go to the America's in Old Town all the time and the food here is just as excellent. The staff is really cool and friendly and of course I always have to get their homemade horchata w a shot of coffee.The portions are not big but it is really tasty. The carne asada and el pastor burritos are my favorites here. Get chips and salsa to fill out that hunger craving.
1	this location has been closed!!! the property has a large for-sale sign on it!!
2	Overpriced food and tiny portions.  The food is good but can't compare to authentic street tacos we get in Rocky Point or Baja.
