4	Yes, yes, yes. The Bougainvillea Cafe rocks my socks! I've never had a wait, service has never been too terrible (it's a diner, what more could I ask for), but the food ... man. They serve great breakfast and lunch items, including a quite tasty turkey sandwich on croissant, with fresh veggies and cheese. But the best time to go is after 11pm, when the grave specials start. You can get four eggs, cooked to your liking, potatoes, toast, and a nice, THICK, lean steak, for $4.99. You can't get a steak this good a la carte anywhere else for less than $5. Do what you will with the eggs, potatoes, and toast. The steak, in my experience, has always been superb. And if you order it rare, my friends, they will serve it to you with a PULSE. I LOVE IT.Something bizarre happens to me when I eat (or apparently even think about) a nice, big, juicy piece of steak. It's very primal.Now, I have to mention ... they also have an item on the menu referred to as "Giant Biscuit 'n Gravy." It's not a big order, it's literally a huge biscuit, the size of your head, smothered in that yummy, creamy sausage gravy. They do offer a "Part of the Orient," Chinese lunch specials. They run from 11am 'til 2pm, and $5 will get you egg drop soup, steamed rice, and your choice of entree. I recommend you just skip that page in the menu, though.
4	So, one time some high school friends and I decided to meet for some dinner and to talk.  One of the girls loves prime rib and she was all about going to Terrible's to the Bougainvillea for the $8 prime-rib-and-a-beer special and since it's close I acquiesced.  I hadn't been in the building for years, since it was the Continental, and they done cleaned the place up!  I was impressed!  We headed upstairs to the cafe and although there was a wait it wasn't bad at all.  My friend embarrassed me and the waitress as giving our party name as someone who was a German dictator and ordered the genocide of millions of people, but they still found us a place to sit.We got our food, and it was all good.  Nothing great, but it was tasty and cooked to order.  What got me was the service!  Our waiter, Vincent, was AWESOME!  He was kind and attentive and funny and prompt and...just everything you want a waiter to be.  We were so impressed that we actually filled out that 'what do you think of us' card they leave on the tables and were singing his praises.  Everyone else was very nice as well, so I'm sure even if Vincent isn't your waiter you'll get great service.And hell, a prime rib, salad, potato, veggie, bread and a beer for eight bucks?  I'm in!
1	I ate breakfast here. The restaurant is located in Terrible's and lives up to the casinos name. This is may be the worst breakfast I ever had. The taste was awful. The place was dingy. The atmosphere was stale and smoky. (Yea I know it is in a casino) On the good side relatively cheap, and large portions (that I couldn't finish). On the bad side everything else. Only go here if you panhandled for you meal, you want to will fill your stomach and therefore loose your appetite for cheap.
4	This place can be pretty unassuming.  It's hidden upstairs, in the middle of all the cigarette smoke at Terrible's Hotel and Casino.  Yep, Terrible's.  With a name like that, how great can the food be?Well, in a few words, NOT HALF BAD!  I started coming here when I was a poor college student at UNLV.  Ah, the memories.  Now I'm a poor 30 year old.  With that said, the cafe has some great food.  They have a ton of specials for you night owls, lots of good breakfast combos from 11 PM to around 7 AM everyday.  They also have a separate special menu for Mexican fare, the likes of tacos, nachos and fajitas as well as lots of other stuff.  And they have a special 1/2 a rotisserie chicken with your choice between potato (baked or mashed) and veggies, or with refried beans and Spanish rice.  I usually go for the beans and rice, because you get this spicy mango salsa that goes pretty good with the chicken.  All for $5.99!  The chicken is usually pretty moist and succulent, BUT don't get it when it's after 11 PM.  They turn off the rotisseries by then, so you may get a chicken that's beensitting in the warmer for a bit.  I learned that one from one of our servers, nice guy....but more on that later.  Try the onion rings too, they come stacked like a pyramid (like you find at Red Robin's) and they come with a few different dipping sauces.  Crispy and not too greasy.The big surprise here is the Chinese food.  YES, the Chinese food!  It's actually very good!  It's close to what you will find at some of the local Chinese restaurants, but at almost half the price!  They have a lunch special here where you can choose from several of their entrees, and you also get Egg Drop Soup, crispy noodles for dipping in hot mustard or sweet sour sauce, a bowl of steamed rice, and a Fortune Cookie!  All for the bargain basement price of $5.99!  And yeppers, the food is exceptional!My fav for the lunch special is the Hong Kong Chow Mein.  You will not go wrong!  It is a HUGE plate of fried chow mein noodles on the bottom, with this silky, almost gravy-like sauce on the top (doesn't taste like gravy either, but it's still real good).  It's topped off with large pieces of shrimp, chicken, and char siu pork.  It's got a ton of veggies too, like straw mushrooms, baby bok choy, carrots, onions, and baby corn.  It's enough food for two!  And for the low price it can't be beat!  I get this almost every time I'm there.  This dish will cost you $7.99 at dinner but it's still worth it, and you still get all the same sides with your dish.The decor here is simple, but comfortable.  They have a separate section for smoking/non smoking, but with all the smoke on the way in it's hard to tell the difference.  The only bad thing is that one side of the cafe has a half wall, which means you can see out and right next door to the Terrible's buffet.  Stick with the cafe, the buffet is um...not so great.  Every time I've been there I've had great service.  I can't remember their names right now, but my favorite servers have been this jolly Filipino guy, and this one hilarious gay guy.  Both provided me excellent service with no filler.  Kept the drinks full, very attentive but not overly attentive.  These guys were top notch.  Rare to find in dives like this.If you can get through the smoke, get over eating at a casino called, Terrible's, and avoid the buffet, you should definitely give this place a go.  Keep an open mind because sometimes this place can be full of drunk college kids late at night getting a cheap meal (I used to be one of them).  Remember, if the place is full...the food must be decent!  Oh, and try the Hong Kong Chow Mein.
3	3.5- cheap price and  big portions make you want to come backIt's late (or early depending on how you want to look at it), and my crew and I are fiending for some food.  I'm a big breakfast fan, so I suggest Terrible's.  Since I'm the only one capable of driving, that's exactly where we ended up.This place isn't too much of a secret.  When we went there, the place was pretty busy, and we had about a 10 minute wait.  Even after we had been seated, it was another 10 minutes or so until we even saw our server.  Once our server was tending to us though, she was super friendly.The food itself is probably nothing to write home about, but when you're drunk or starving, it really hits the spot.  From 11pm-7am, they have graveyard specials.  My wife and I split the country fried steak and eggs (4.99), while other people in our party got the steak and eggs (5.99), corned beef hash (4.99) and spaghetti with meatballs (under $8).The portions were more than anyone person can handle (hence the sharing between my wife and I), and for about $30 + tip, I was able to feed 5 people.If you're not too picky about your food, and want to get your grub on, check this place out.  Oh yeah, this place really isn't too close to the strip, so if you're going to head out here, drive (if you can) or catch a cab.  Cheap good eats, I'm definitely 'bout it.
4	My second time in Vegas, and I was sick and tired of paying $15.00 for a waffle, with a plate... We saw a sign for $7.95 prime rib dinner at Terrible's and I said "well, even if it's 'terrible', it won't kill me for eight bucks". WOW WAS I SURPRISED!!! My first time in Gigi was our server, the food was incredible for the money and incredible in general. Great service on this visit. I felt guilty for spending under ten bucks on a prime rib dinner so I put a $10.00 into a nickel video poker slot on the way out. I changed the denomination to ten cents, bet max ($0.50) and dealt. One card away from a royal straight flush. Tossed the other card, and wham. $400. That made the meal even better. The second time in we got the Russian Ice Princess hag for a server - the service was terrible, the food was wrong and we were basically told to "deal with it" by the hag... very much the opposite experience as before. I think it was the server's fault and we let management know. I'm sticking with the four stars. I can't keep away from Vegas and I'm going back in a couple months, and will eat here again, so stay tuned.
2	Been here twice, mostly due to my cousin as he enjoys steak, at 2-3am.Your overall experience here really depends on your server. If they're willing to put in extra effort to make your meal enjoyable then you'll notice it, if not then getting burgers at a drive through can be a more rewarding experience. Anyway last time i went we were 20 minutes from the late night specials. We REALLY wanted those late night specials. My buddy asked our server if there was anyway we could order them early. We even told them that the food isn't going to come instantaneously either. By the time the food comes out i'll be past midnight as well as us paying after midnight. Our server still said no. Then he said it's an extra dollar if we order before midnight.We all looked at each other trying to figure out if this guy was, 1) being funny 2) completely serious 3) being an ass. Turns out it was a mix of 2 and 3.Service was pretty horrible. We resorted to guerrilla tactics sneaking to unbused  tables swiping condiments we weren't given.A waitress topped off my glass with water. I wasn't drinking water i was having a SpriteLong story short, This place is a perfect example of "Get What You Pay For" At least there's no heath issues with the food for that i'm greatful
5	Terrible's Primm Valley Resorts are known for their advertised food deals, but their food is not as good as Terrible's Casino Hotel Bougainvillea Cafe's.Same company, but different quality.This place has great breakfast deals late night.  Their plates range from $3.99 to $7.99 for steak.Otherwise, go for their $9.99 1 lb. New York Steak & Draft Beer special that's only advertised on their billboard sign out front.  It's not listed in the menu, but ask your server and they'll know exactly what you're talking about.Our steak was better than expected.  It was tasty, tender and cooked to perfection.  For once, I got a cheap steak cooked medium just like I asked for.
4	This is the place to go late at night/early in the morning.  They have a late night menu where it's cheap enough to grub and still have a little change in your pocket to throw into a nickel machine.
4	I am a fan of the 16 oz. Chicken Fried Steak with scramble eggs with cheese and sourdough toast. YUMMM!!! I usually split it because it is so big. You can get the 8 oz, but it is only a dollar more for the 16 oz. It comes with Country Gravy, which I could eat by itself. It is that good.I have also had the Loco Moco and that was good too. The brown gravy was tasty. The hamburger patty was seasoned. The rice was cooked perfect.I also have had the tuna melt with seasoned fries, which comes in a huge basket. I do not think I have ever had tuna like that before. I remember thinking WOW as I ate. I was kind of surprise I enjoyed it that much.As I am writing this, I am realizing I have had this place more often than I liked to admit. I guess you cannot beat their prices. You really get your money's worth.
3	AVOID THE ALFREDO PASTA AT ALL COSTS! It was like eating flour + water. Totally bland, totally gross. The first (and only) bite ended up in a napkin.The spaghetti and meatballs, on the other hand, were surprisingly good. I thought I was at Buca, because the portions were so big. Waaaay better than Olive Garden.The Prime Rib was good. The T-Bone steak was okay. The country fried steak and eggs were very good.Service was okay. This place is kinda like Denny's.THE GOOD :Ridiculous pricesMost of the food is okay.THE BAD :The AlfredoTHE UGLY :We got sick both times we ate there, but it was worth it because cheap eats = more gambling money.
5	This place is the only reason I go to the Terrible's hotel and casino. I always get the "jack's with a kicker" graveyard special so I can't speak for anything else on the menu. $4.99 for a 8oz. country fried steak smothered in country gravy, 2 eggs any style, toast, and hash browns. I haven't been disappointed once. It's the perfect place to go and sober up after a night at the club. It's the best graveyard meal your $$$ can buy.
4	I love this place.  The prices are ridiculously low.  The chicken fried steak, open-faced hot turkey sandwich, and blue cheese dressing are fabulous.  The people watching is interesting.Not the classiest of joints but you always get way more than you pay for (in a good way).Avoid the pasta and burgers, though.
4	You know you see the signs.  "$6.99 Steak Dinner Next Exit"This is the place, well this and the place across the freeway for teh 7.99 t-bone steak.  They both are thin pieces of beef, not the best quality but hey, it's freaking 6.99!!!  It's a place to get your grub on and take a break on the way back from the strip.  Only reason it's not 5 star is because of the wait.
4	$6.99 for a steak, eggs, hash browns and toast. $4.99 for chicken fried steak, eggs, hash browns and toast. $2.99 for pancakes, eggs, and bacon or sausage. Not everything was amazing, but it was all damn tasty. The steak was small, but juicy, tender, and perfectly medium rare. The pancakes were super soft and fluffy, just the way pancakes should be. The chicken fried steak was okay, but the country gravy was so over-salted that someone must have made a serious error in that kitchen. The sausages were amazingly good.And as for the service? Four drunk broads with sassy attitudes, over two separate nights (early mornings?), two bitches passed out on the table. They still refilled our drinks, brought us water without us having to ask, and were nicer to us than we could have expected.
5	BEST late night greasy grub food in Vegas.  Jacks with a Kicker is the way to go for sure.  Country fried steak, eggs, hash browns and toast.  If you really want pancakes, I think it's Deuces Wild which is 2.99 and comes with pancakes, eggs and your choice of bacon or sausage.The bf and I came here after our long ass drive with no dinner and were completely stuffed by the time we left, all for $15 between the two of us.
3	Cheap cafe at Terrible's with specials in the middle of the night. The food is decent, but not that great. I had the steak and eggs with hash brown potatoes and toast for around $7. It was a little greasy but for the price and quick convenience it was worth it.
3	OPEN 24/7-$9.99 Dinner specials-Prime Rib,T-bone,BabyBack Ribs and more..They also have a Mexican,Chinese and American Menu so plenty of choices.The service is good,food decent and price real good for the area-"RESTAURANT ROW"SKIP the waxed green beans---YUCK
4	Yum Yum Yum, food is okay but you can't beat prime rib for $10.  My boy got the steak for the same price, but I say go with the prime rib.  Comes with a fat serving of horseradish with the advisory, "this is for the big boys."  and boy was it good.  Cleared my sinuses up real quick.  Server was absolutely adorable, Chrisy was it?  If I was 50 and single, I'd slap the largest diamond ring on that finger and get you some prime rib from Bougainvillea.
4	Fee Fi Fo Fum I smell the blood of... CHICKEN FRIED STEAK AND EGGS AT 4AM!!!!So yeah, we were headed back to the hotel, and were looking for some cheap Vegas eats at 4am.  Most of the locals' spots were closed, so we were relegated to eating in a casino.  Terribles?  Never been there.  Special night owl menu from 11pm-7am?  Oh boy, let's give it a shot.We walked into Terribles, and I'll save that for another review.  But we went up to the Bougainvillea Cafe, and while it was a crappy looking diner feel (think Denny's), it was comfortable and quiet.  The server was pleasant and friendly.The menu was standard fare.  Cheap.  Breakfast 24 hours.  Nice.  Gf asked me for a preliminary take on it.  A solid 1-2 stars I said.Gf got 2 eggs, hashbrowns, chicken fried steak with gravy and toast for $5.99. Yep, you read that right.  Chicken fried steak was pretty good for a heart-attack on a plate.I went for the prime steak and 2 eggs, hashbrowns (that were actually fried and really good... I don't usually eat hashbrowns), and sourdough toast.  The bread for the toast was really good, Ryman was impressed.  And the steak wasn't nearly as bad as I had expected.  I ordered my eggs over-medium and they came out over-easy... exactly as I figured they would, which was perfect!For the prices, the quantity, the service, and the 24 hour breakfast, this place absolutely cannot be beat in Vegas.  If you're looking for a place to eat for cheap and without drama after losing at the tables (so hence you want a cheap meal), this place is the spot.  I would absolutely go back.  3 stars for the food, 5 stars for the prices.  4 stars as long as you accept it for what it is... a grease spoon.
4	$10 for a 16 oz ny steak?  I'm in.A juicy NY steak, potato sides and a small vegetable side... for $10.  Oh, and you get a free beer too, just ask them!  There's not too much to say... the food was mediocre, but for $10, you can't really complain.
4	I don't know what it is about this place and this hotel (Terrible's), but I find it so cute and comfy, I absolutely love it!We came for the breakfast grave yard specials.  I was trying to be good and just ordered a cup of chicken noodle soup.  WHOAH, Terrible's soup was actually.. Terrible.  Salty much?? It was almost impossible to eat.  It was more like ham noodle soup, since I saw no chicken and just chunks of ham.  I couldn't take it and had to order food, so I got the chicken fried steak w/two eggs, toast and hashbrowns for $4.99.  Good stuff, smothered in lots of gravy, great price!The service was really good too, friendly staff who was always around to help you, even though it was like 2am.  Something about the ambiance too, it's so cute.. feels like you're in a little cabin.
3	I come across this hotel many times when I drived by here and I see the food specials on the huge sign.This is my final meal in Las Vegas before heading back to the airport. So I decided to return to the Terrible Casino for their $9.99 specials .i.e. Full rack of Baby Back Pork Ribs.  The special is at this 24-hour diner called the Bougainvillea Cafe; located in the Mezzanie level (one floor above the casino-level). There are a ton of other specials too. But my target was definitely for the Baby Back Ribs specials. For $9.99, I get a full rack of ribs drenched in BBQ sauce, a corn on a cob, a side of mashed potatoes and a toasted sourdough bread. It's not Cattlemen's, Claim Jumper or any of the finer steakhouses version, but it's decent for the price. The rack's end has some dried and burnt pieces and the middle has some moist and juicy meat. The Mashed Potatoes were ok, but the corn on the cob has no comment from me (I didn't eat it).Baby Back ribs: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zWo2a6QPIuC-sSJURJ02Hw?select=YfTx7RS2XOIajziImauY_QMashed Potatoes: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zWo2a6QPIuC-sSJURJ02Hw?select=Ncrz_y20hwY2l4zmi6enUwMy meal was ok for the price. But if you want cheap eats, come here. I may give this diner a second chance and try something else.
4	I love, love, love coming here after a night of hitting the bars. The "graveyard" specials can't be beat, and the portions along with quality easily beat other casinos with cheap specials to attract the late-night crowd.I always order the Jacks With A Kicker, or country fried steak and eggs for the rest of us. It's a pretty decent sized steak smothered with country gravy with an equal amount of hash browns. 2 eggs and toast round off the plate. All for $4.99.The service is generally good, and the staff is within reach for extra A-1 or drink refills.
4	Should be 3 stars, but the price for what you get gives it an extra star. I had the Chicken Fried Steak 8oz ($5.99) and a Biscuit and Gravy ($1.79).  The steak is a deep fried variety.  Not too many places pan fry.  I prefer pan fry.  For a deep fried variety, this steak was good.  Fork tender (as it should be) with a good amount of seasoning.  The gravy was standard white sausage gravy.  The low point had to be the hash browns.  If this place was more popular and had a lot of people eating breakfast, my hash browns would have been perfect.  You know when hash browns are cooked in advance and sit around a bit too long and the crispy outside gets tough.  This is what I got.  If there was enough turnaround in the restaurant, the hash would rotating faster.  So, if this were a Clint Eastwood movie, there is the good, bad and the ugly.  The good being the steak. the bad being the hash brown.  The ugly has to be the biscuit.  When I say ugly, I mean it in a good way.  This biscuit was ugly huge.  It looked like a short stack under gravy.  It's a good thing I got the 8oz steak instead of the 16oz ($6.99).
4	This is a really good cafe in a casino in the section known as "Restaurant Row." I'm telling you this because there are a lot of yummy options in this area. I started out ordering the chicken combo for years and now I love the Chinese Food Specials for lunch- my favorite is the Hong Kong Chow Mein. I know it sounds funny to get Chinese Food in a casino cafe, but it's really good stuff (I don't really touch too much Asian food at the casino buffets as they are sub par.). You get egg drop soup, crunchy noodles, sauce, the fortune cookie (first) and then,  your entree (very generous size!) with a bowl of rice. I usually only eat a portion of it and bring the rest home. The Hong Kong Chow Mein is comprised of thin noodles filled with asian vegetables, chicken, and shrimp- it's become the only thing that we order from the menu these days. If you want to eat it family style, or are staying in town, and don't want to have leftovers, you could just ask for extra plates (you might want to order extra soups too, though). Sometimes, the platter with your entree is extra saucy. Tip: I spoon the excess into the emptied rice bowl. Very reasonable. Very good service. Sometimes crowded cafe. One of our favorite cafes (in a casino) in town.
4	The Menu has just about any thing you could ask for Mexican Chinese and so on.... you name it and they got it.. You will not walk out hungry or spending alot of money and most of the time you can get a table quick
4	Large portions and "Graveyard Specials" served from 11pm to 7am at the time of this review. Prices range from $2.99 for "Deuces Wild" that is 2 giant pancakes, 2 eggs & 2 slices of bacon or 2 sausage links. The most expensive menu item on the late night menu is the "Royal Flush" that has a USDA Prime Steak, 2 eggs with hash browns & toast. I have been coming here for years and some of the waiters that I met back then are still here. That means if you frequent the restaurant, you'll probably get better service than some of the Vegas Strip restaurants that get new servers often.
4	10 dollar dinners with beer that actually taste good. enough to split between 2 people, and we did. i will be back.knocked off 1 star due to the wait... it took a long time to get the food.
2	The food here used to be good but they changed their suppliers for meat and now the steaks are tough and full of fat.  The prime rib is now very thin cut and you can get better at Hooters casino for the same price.  The dinners used to come with salad and drinks included but now you have to pay extra for those and they jacked up the prices.  The prime rib with salad, rolls, vegetables and drink used to be $7.99, now its $9.99 and no drink or salad included.  The service is only good if you get one specifice server, a lady named Chris.  If you don't get her expect to wait forever for your food, have a consistently empty drink glass, and have dirty dishes on the table until you are done and leave.  I have even seen the manager of the restaurant pick his nose then serve food, gross!!
5	And again....JACKS WITH A KICKER!!!What are you doing coming here before 11pm people?! You must be drunk or slightly tipsy to even want to wander into the Terrible's Hotel/Casino.
3	Mediocre food for a killer price and 24 hrs!!! We visit here when we have been partaking of alcohol and get the midnight munchies. Honestly, their menu is ridiculous. Everything from chinese to american to mexican. I mean, really? But, their servings are huge and the service is actually pretty good. We always get this one lady, her name is alluding me at this moment, but she is a mind reader. She will bring you ranch dressing for your fries right before it comes out of your mouth as a request. I mean it, she is THAT good. And she brings you boxes WITH your check if she sees your eyes were bigger than your stomach.My fave thing here is the grilled cheese sandwich with a basket of curly fries. Their grilled cheese is bomb! So buttery, with thick slices of sourdough bread.. mmmm. Just the way mom makes it.PS this casino smells like no other though. I dont' think they ventilate the smoke out, everyone just second-hands to save money.
4	I always stop in here for breakfast/lunch when I'm in town... The prices are very reasonable and the portions are HUGE! The quality is decent... depends on what you get... I like all of the egg dishes and the sandwiches.Never have to wait too long, which is great.. and the people are usually nice.
4	If you are within walking distance or have a car AND you are SOBER, this little restaurant (NOT THE BUFFET) in Terrible's Casino is the best food deal in Vegas.  The food is higher quality than your mid-level buffets with huge portions and at a great price. It's a great late night meal option.  For you breakfast food lovers at all hours of the day, you'll be in heaven.One warning - Don't get the Madagascar Chicken.  It's a huge plate of pasta with less than 1/3 of a chicken breast in it.  If you are a non-meat eater, tell them to hold the couple measly bits of chicken in it and you'll enjoy it.
5	No joke.  Best breakfast in Vegas.  I crave this place.  I've been here so many times I know the waitstaff.  And I don't live in Vegas.  A must have after waking up in Vegas!  (and that can be rough)  But the chicken fried steak with eggs does the trick.
3	Good late night place. Went in for the T-Bone special $9.99. Make sure you look at the board that list all the specials when you walk in because they are not listed on the menu.
3	Terrible's wasn't too terrible! Who knew?We got back to the hotel around 4 or 5 and of course the drunkards were hungry. A friend of mine says Terrible's is close and they have good deals for specials all morning so we decided to check it out. Drunkards just want food. Cheap food is even better since we may just throw it up or we may not even remember eating it. LOLI had the ham steak, eggs, hash browns, etc special and it was huge!!! It was terrible, the service was good, and our waitress was a sweetheart.Afterwards we came out and there were some sad looking slots. I decided to put in $5 in a penny slot and guess what? $55!!! That paid for my meal plus some so I was a happy camper.
3	Bouganivillea Cafe is a hidden find that I came into a few years back through Best of Vegas eats or Food channel special.This place is open 24 hrs and serves american/mexican/chinese/breakfast . Mexican/Chinese stops at 10P I think. Believe or not the mexican food is not bad, not quite authentic but tasty and  big like a 3 item combo and their large beef nachos. Prices run anywhere from $6-$12  including daily specials like $5 spaghetti & meatballs, $5 breakfast specials, Loco Moco or Ham steak -$6.99, 16oz steaks for $9.99 which is actually descent ( NY bone in steak is better), rack of babyback ribs for $9.99, Prime rib for $8.99 10oz and $14 for 16oz (not bad tasting/au jus was good), but the thing me and my friends like is the Chicken fried Steak....This is a better fried steak, its huge (10 oz $4.99 or 16 oz  $6.99.) you can have with breakfast (eggs, toast,, hash browns) or dinner (vegetables, Baked potato or fries and salad/soup). The cut is big/hearty breading is good and the gravy is delicious -get this 24 hrs.....Many more specials on menu too.....
4	The prime rib is really good. The t-bone should be medium rare to enjoy. Sandra, our waitress is so nice.
4	The $10 steak deal is pretty good.  My steak was a little overcooked and fatty but still well worth the price and it came with a free beer. I added a salad for $1.50 or so and the blue cheese dressing was fantastic.  I'm still thinking about that.  I might have to go back again just for that.I had the New York Steak.  I might try one of the other off the menu specials they have.
4	The wife and I went to the Bougainvilea Cafe to fortify ourselves before a night of dancing.  We both ordered the advertised special, the T-Bone steak dinner, for $9.99.  Mine was medium rare.  So big and juicy.  It was tender.  Sitting next to it was a huge baked potato, and the other fraction of the plate had an ample portion of green beans (fresh!), that were mostly neglected.  Sorry veggies.  I was quite pleased with the value, taste, and presentation of this meal.  The service was timely and attentive.  Unfortunately, I can also comment (positively) on the security.  There was an unruly couple at a table about 15 feet away.  The male of the relationship appeared to be a bit of a drama queen, making loud snorting and swallowing sounds during his meal (not great for restaurant ambiance).  At one point during my meal, that man screamed something at the woman (his date?), and for a moment, time stood still, with diners freezing, averting their eyes away.  Not me.  I made eye contact with the boar.  The boar took offense!  I advised him that he was an "a-hole", and before I could be beaten up, security was on the scene making sure I didn't get blood on my clothing.  I appreciated that.
4	This place is my little Vegas secret for great cheap food!!! They have Graveyard Specials from 11pm - 7am...this is all breakfast foods but if your like me you love breakfast anytime of the day!!! They have a full menu with lunch and dinner as well...if your hungry and strapped for cash I highly recommend this place it's no frills off the strip but it's well worth the drive....
4	This place is great to go if you want a great cheap meal or a late night snack.  There are a bunch of specials for $9.99.  One of the specials is a prime rib. I ordered it to be cooked medium.  It also comes with a baked potato (mashed potatos or rice if you want) and some veggies. All this for $9.99.  You can't beat that.  And it tasted great.What makes this place awesome is that it is open 24 hours.  So you can get this any time of the day.The service is ok...not great...but still...where can you get a meal like that for $9.99!Go here...you will be happy!!!
3	You can't beat $3 breakfast prices before 7am for the same quality as IHOP or Denny's. Clean restaurant but sometimes the services is a little slow.
2	Crappy service, food okay, but really crappy service.  Waited 10-15 minutes for server and it wasn't even packed, had to ask for server to order.  Poo.  Burger was pretty dry, not cooked as requested.  Lame 2 stars - will avoid.   Good for typical yelper looking for convenient, cheap food and indifferent to service at odd hours in Las Vegas.  But this isn't a place you would seek out. P.S. Your grandparents will love this place and probably give it 4 stars and remember the name of it.
4	Got their $4.99 1/2 chicken dinner (graveyard special).  Delicious!  The chicken was tender and flavorful.  Got a basket of 6 dinner rolls for just the two of us.   No - it wasn't gourmet, but it sure was excellent for $4.99!.  Also added a dinner salad for $1.50 - it was enourmous.  Our service was fine - the server was nice and attentive even though he was busy.  I'd recommend this place to someone looking for cheaper, diner fare.  Will definately go again the next time I'm in LV.
4	Favorite dish - Full Rack of BBQ Ribs for only $9.99 !!!Darn good eatin' for cheap!!!Yeah so there is cheap food around every corner there in Vegas but how much of it is really worth the price?  I've had some pretty lousy meals for cheap thinking I'd get my money's worth.  However, I ended up leaving the place stuffed yet unsatisfied.  That definitely wasn't the case for me at Bougainvillea Cafe at Terribles.This place rocked!  I got seating super quick.  Everyone was waiting in another line for the buffet.  My gf ordred a t-bone steak and I ordered a full rack of ribs.  Both our meals were less $9.99 each!  These ribs were no joke man.  Im talking super tender.  I was rippin the meat off the bone with a spoon.  I was so stuffed that I couldn't finish ribs.  Omg, I can't believe I left 3 ribs behind.  My gf's steak was done exactly how she liked; tender and juicy.Its too bad that we had to leave that day or else I would have come back for dinner.  I'll definitely be visiting the Bougainvillea Cafe next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I've actually been coming here for years. Whenever I decide to stay out and want breakfast at 2am, I come here. I actually ate heren the night before, after watching a movie(Fast Five..lol). Anyway I got the usual which is pancakes with eggs(you can choose to have 2 sausages and bacon as well for free). The cakes are nice and fluffy which is real good. My bf got his usual which is the prime rib dip sandwich and a bowl of chicken noodle soup. Before I stopped eating meat, I actually thought the sandwich was good, but the chkn noodle was awesome! And I asked my bf if it still tasted the same, and he said it was still good. The best part about it is that it only cost us under 12 bucks. My plate was only 2 bucks.( ask for late night specials). Like I said, food is good but not spectacular. But for the price, it's worth it.If you plan on coming here, don't expect a fast service. The staff here is awesome, nice, and friendly. But they do take their time..which is perfectly ok for me. We normally ask for Ty and she's a real friendly gal and she goes out of her way to make sure you are happy.
5	great cheap food!!!
3	I was introduced by a local friend of mine whom has been eating here for years. I love homemade food. This place has great everything all made from scratch and big portions that hide the entire plate. My fave is the 16oz chicken fried steak dinner, mmmmmmm mashed tators and country gravy that will tizzle your tummy!Fantastic for breakfast lunch and dinner, skip the buffet and eat here as prices are good to get a bang for your buck!Service is hit and miss, staffing issue as it appears there are usually 10 tables per server so getting drink refills or odd ball condiments could take awhile. Still worth it in my opinion for some great home cooked grub for good prices :)Feed me Seymour...feed me all night long :)
4	At midnight, the graveyard menu comes to life and you can get $4.99 meals. My brother (who is now a local) brought up here to try it out and I must say when you pay $5 for your food you can't really bitch about what you get.Especially when the food is comparable, if not better than your local Denny's.So yea, if its after midnight and you guys want a cheap eat, THIS IS THE PLACE!Thank me later after you enjoy your $5 new york steak.So on to my experience. When I first saw the $5 menu I saw a list of food items on it. New york steak, chicken fried steak, spaghetti and meatballs... I thought that that's all you get. So I ordered both a chicken fried steak and oven roasted chicken. Turns out those items comes with sides as well and the servings were huge! To cut a long story short, I had   waaay more food than I could eat, and my brother just laughed at me.So yea, when you look at the menu, assume that there will be sides, oh and delicious all you can eat dinner rolls too!
1	Yuck!Simply gross. I had good expectations for this place. Now, I am a cheap something else but I normally find some good food for a great deal. While the decor was nice and homey, the ribs I *tried* (unsuccessfully) to eat were the nastiest, roughest, toughest ribs with little meat and no tender. The mashed potatoes were running....since when does mashed potatoes run (like eggs)? *throws up a little bit in my mouth* I tasted it and it was purely inedible. I sent it back, paid, and left. Tipped only b/c the waitress was the sweetest pie. If only the food could emulate her.
5	I probably would give this place a 3.5 or 4 based on the food, but our waiter seriously gave us the best treatment ever.He was an older Filipino man that reminded me of one of my uncles, so we called him Tito Boy.  He was quick to assist us, VERY polite, and hooked up every single thing we ordered for $4.99 each instead of charging us the normal 6.99 and 9.99 prices.  And why?  Because he was THAT cool.I'm not a huge steak fan but I'd definitely say mine was cooked better than other places I've been to.  For something that's 9.99 you'd expect a whole bunch of nastiness but everything was surprisingly decent, even the Terribles sauce was yummy and tangy.  This place reminded me of an old school looking version of Denny's.  Decent food, friendly staff, and overall a great experience.  Bravo!
4	After my earlier adventures in the night. Finally came here for the graveyard specials, which start at 11 pm.  Just ate an hour and half earlier but still thought I could use some food, at least some soda to quench my thirst or something to go for later on. $4.99 for ny steak, pork chop, chicken fried steak, half roast chicken, or spaghetti and meatballs. there's also $2.99 deuces wild which is two pancakes, 2 bacon, and 2 eggs. they even offer loco moco and some pretty good $9.99 meal like full rack of baby back ribs, bbq combination plate, t-bone and eggs. I just filled up on soda and ate some of my food, everyone else ate up.
5	I'm always weary of casino cafes. This one tops them all. Good food, great prices and of course great service. The specials are yummy which is rare. I'll return for sure!
3	$2.99 for the deuces wild breakfast special seems like a great deal on its face. The food is alright, as its pretty hard to mess up bacon and eggs. Once you've added in hash browns for about another $2, you've made a Denny's grand slam, for about the price of a Denny's grand slam. I guess the biggest perk of this place over a Denny's, is that it is conveniently located above some low limit table games.
5	We went here last night for three reasons: (1) our friends are in town (2) it was our friend's birthday (3) it's one of our fave cafes, because the prices are very reasonable- the Hong Kong Chow Mein dinner for $8.99 (with most dishes at $10.00 or less). So choosing this place was a no-brainer. Enter Anita, the best server here!!! Not only is she hard-working (she was making sure everyone at her station was happy (other tables); checked with us several times- very attentive), she is super sweet (it's a rare combination when someone loves his/her job and shows it, and takes pride in it). She gave us rolls with butter, "to hold you over." Our drinks were promtly refilled without us asking. Don't you hate when you feel like you are forgotten? Wasn't the case here. I can't say enough about Anita- we were very happy with her- in fact, we want her next time (and the next...).   So, the three of us ordered the HKCM dinner (only offered at dinner, and minus the soup; those were the changes, in my 1st review, it was offered at lunch), and the birthday boy got the t-bone steak dinner (choice of potato and vegetable). So the three of us got the crunchy noodles, two kinds of sauces (spicy, sweet), chopsticks, and a fortune cookie- this is part one. And shortly after, we got the platters of food (a very generous portion- I never finish it) and a separate saucer with a bowl of white rice (my husband never eats his).So, right away, my husband noticed that it was different, the sauce was sweeter. So, he asked Anita, if the was the dish was changed. She said "It's a different cook tonight. You want Papa- he's the best. He's off tonight, though." Well, us ladies, we just added some spicy sauce, and it was a nice adjustment (just a little for me, and it was enough). So my husband knows the manager here, and he told us, a while back, " We have a real chinese cook back there." Thought it was kinda funny, so I mentioned it.    The decor is vines and flowers. The seating is comprised of tables and chairs, booths, or combos (booth on one side, chairs on the other). It's like a tee-pee in here, because it's pretty long inside. You can't tell from the outside. Pay the tab at the cashier near the entrance, where the hostess seats you. BTW, most of the people eating here are elderly and sometimes families.
5	This is a Nice Little Secret. The graveyard specials are available all day for just 1.00 more. Didnt take long to get seated. The Server came over quickly. Kept our drinks refilled and the food came out quickly. Cant go wrong with the Royal flush special for 4,99. Comes with a 8oz steak and eggs and hashbrowns and toast. I ordered my steak Medium well, and it came out perfect. It was juicy and delicious. The eggs werent rubbery but good and the hashbrowns werent burnt either. 2 people eating for a little over 15.00 you cant beat that.
5	I can't say enough great things about this place.  Came during fourth of July, could not get served, but decided to give them a second chance.  Servers were excellent, even joked around with us.  Deuces Wild special is great, although it does cost $1.99 extra for 2 pieces of toast.  Ate here multiple times, most expensive meal was $15 for two breakfasts, coffee, beer and toast.  Can't beat the price or the quality.
4	okay I'll give this place 4 stars because I was buzzed and hungry as f*ck & my friends who lived in Vegas drove us to eat after dancing at Lavo club for their graveyard specials. Anything I eat when I'm hella hungry and buzzed is pretty damn delicious if you ask me. I ordered the steak and eggs with toast and hashbrown. So it was kind of like a late night dinner/early ass breakfast. I believe I even had a complicated order and wanted one egg sunny side up and one egg scrambled. LOL but our waitress was very patient and even cracked jokes with my two other drunk guy friends. At least from what I remembered =) Had a great time with the friends and the food was perfect for after a long night of clubbing. Well, we left the club around 1. So it wasn't toooo late.I think I finished everything on my plate, too! =DI know there's probably other better places for steak&eggs but seriously, they all taste the same when you're intoxicated, tired and hella hungry.
3	INSANELY HORRIBLE SERVICE. But excellent food. The graveyard breakfast country fried steak is a killer!
1	Big Mistake!!...Today, 12/22, My friend and I, who work at UNLV, went to Terribles to eat lunch at the buffet. It was closed for remodeling, so we went to this cafe. It took us 30 minutes to get our order taken....and this took 2 attempts to track someone down.  It then another 15 minutes to get soup and a half sandwich.  The turkey noodle soup was nothing more than flavored water with cubes of processed turkey.  The ham sandwiches were very dry and only helped by the fact that the waitress spilled the soup on the sandwiches which gave it the only bit of moisture that it had.Upon checking out, the cashier asked...How was everything?....we replied..."awful". Then she did not respond at all...she handed us our change.  That was the end of the mistake we made by trying to eat lunch today at Terribles.
4	The first time I came here, their eggs were AMAZING! Honestly, best scrambled eggs I've ever had in my life. The second time, I came with a very large group, 10+ and the eggs weren't as great. Maybe because they had to cook so many the eggs didn't turn out like I first had it. Anyway, if you're drunk or just want a cheap and filling meal, come get the Country Fried Steak. It's good too, just a bit off the strip though.
5	When you think of old Vegas eating cheap, this is one of the last places to do that.  When you are not in for an expensive grand buffet, Bougainvillea Cafe serves a great menu selection inexpensively.  Oh and the food is very good for the money.  That is to say, the food tastes way better, and you would expect to pay more.  My wife liked the atmosphere and variety on menu.  I like the T-bone steak.
3	Really mediocre food for cheap prices is as true as it gets here!! Thanks cherish for the imput, but really have been coming here for years, and it is place to come when you are hungry and don't really know what you are in the mood for. Their portions are big and that seems to be their draw, service is always an issue though, it seems they get the bottom of the barrel in wait staff and help ( don't ever expect to get the same presentation on food) seriously was here yesterday and ordered nachos all the condiments were on side in individual ramekins and today they were all mixed in one big bowl like a soup gross!! Getting back to service , it's actually kind of funny to watch the servers yell at each other, than come to your table and tell you what just went down, I just want to eat not be involved in employee quarrels, I would give this place a 4 for value on the dollar but for me the service kills it!! And if you really want to piss them off order the sundae , it's huge and definitely worth the 4.99 . But I think the servers make it themselves, so be nice to them, they are the kind that I think will spit in your food when no one is watching !!
4	In Vegas, the $4.99 sirloin and eggs is a classic deal, but here, you must try the chicken fried steak. My boyfriend had the chicken fried steak. I found myself eyeing him the entire time, willing him to let me have another bite. The steak inside was juicy and the coating was crispy, light, and delicious!A great place to get your 4th meal on if you're willing to head slightly off the Strip to Terrible's!
1	I had the ribs at 11:00.  They looked nothing like the picture.  Were average at best.Worst than that was the service.  I sat for 10 minutes before the waitress ever came for a drink order.  Then, after she brought the food, she never came back until 10 minutes later.... to drop off the bill.  Didn't ask if I need anything else.   Didn't even come back to collect.  The place is a dump, too.
3	You get what you pay for! The food is actually great, it's just the service that is associated with the casino name "Terrible's" staff is over worked and has attitude. The managers don't care and service is slow, but yet, others and I still come back because of the 2 for 1 offers. If you have patience, then this is the place. If you need eat and run, then go somewhere else. The menu and there specials are great. The only issue with this place is how it is run and managed. Ask anyone who has eaten here and they say the food is good, but the service is questionable!
4	What's great about living in Vegas is that not only can you try under-the-radar places away from the Strip, you can also find places that are underneath the under-the-radar places. Welcome to the Bougainvillea Cafe inside the Terrible's Casino. I've always wanted to check this place out. After seeing the sign outside for the 2.99 special I decided to come inside. The restaurant itself reminded me of a Cracker Barrel, kind of eerily homely. After I sat down and ordered my meal it must have taken them around 5 minutes to cook it. I was kind of scared. Fortunately, everything was pretty good. The pancakes were soft, but not too soft, and was not too sweet but just sweet enough. The whipped butter that came with it was 100% butter and spread very easily. The bacon was warm and crispy, and not greasy at all. The only gripe I can think of is that the eggs were not quite cooked specifically to my order... but I came to expect that. (After living in Vegas for quite some time now, I have resigned myself to the fact that as long as i'm paying less than 10 dollars for breakfast, any time I order an over-medium fried egg, it will 99/100, come out over-soft)Suprisingly good find!
5	very impressed, this is the secret "Denny's" place to go to and hide out. The food is like a typical Denny's and the customer service is excellent. The food came quickly, coffee came with a Carafe (nice) and I left with a full tummy and a smile. Perhaps I ate too much but the place felt Homely and not on the strip. This is where the locals hang out and a local hooked me up.i'll keep the secret, too late its on yelp.
3	I was there with a group of 6 for breakfast. We had roasted chicken, breakfast dishes, burgers and more. To be honest none of the were amazing, everything was just OK. The chicken was perfectly roasted but very bland, super bland. The burger was OK but just that. Everything else I tried was well just OK (excuse my repetitiveness but that is how it was)Service was nice but impersonal and distant and a little slow sometimes. The place is medium size and there were not many other patrons so looked bigger than it is.BC  just Ok
5	So they have remodeled a little, and changed up the menu, but still have my breakfast specials.  They are on the very bottom back page, Jacks with a Kicker $4.99.  Plus steak & eggs and a bill under $20?!  Still worth the trip off the strip.
3	PLEASANTLY SURPRISED! When me and the wifey checked this place out, I was expecting bad service and low quality food based on some of the reviews. That was a no no. But how else can you perceive a 24 hour diner in one of the older casinos down the street from the heart of the strip? My advice to you is to always keep an open mind, especially when trying out new places.With that said, from the host sitting us down to our waiter taking our order, everything was done in a satisfactory and timely matter. The only thing that kinda irked me was that the rice option if you decide to get it is steamed rice. Im used to rice pilaf. That and a particular odor seemed to bother my wife. I think they shampoo their carpet (which I think is a good thing) but it smells like they didnt get all the shampoo completely out. You mix that with the smoke smell of the place and it has a slight musty scent. Not overpowering but you can definitely smell a hint of it.Other surprises are that the menu is diverse in food options. From breakfast items to American dishes to Chinese cuisine, im sure there is something for everyone in your party. My wife odered a bowl of their won ton soup and man was it good! I got the 9.99 new yourk steak with steamed rice (thinking rice pilaf was standard). Both plates were pretty good and I swapped plates with the wifey several times to enjoy both dishes.Overall I would recommend this place as a plan B when the desired place is already closed or is very packed.
4	I ate here several times.  I love this place at night at 4pm.  THey give a lot of food, cheap $5 graveyard specials, and excellent service.  It's inside the Terrible's casino.  The casino itself is a little oldish for me and I feel like im in a retirement home, but go upstairs to the Cafe and its worth it.  Some nights there is a wait, but its fast and the prices are worth the savings.I forgot the waitress we usually get, but she's older, short african lady, and I absolutely love her.  She gave us hugs a few time, she's so sweet and attentive, always checks up on us, she is the best.
4	I LOVE prime rib. It's what I look forward to every time I go to Vegas, so of course I order the prime rib sandwich, medium rare. This sandwich is how I converted my sister from getting well done meats to medium rares. And now this is what we always order whenever we come here.
3	The $9.99 Prime Rib special is good.  Just don't be tempted to gamble in the casino and end up losing $50, like a friend and I did, where we had instant remorse knowing we could have had a $60 fine dining experience at a steakhouse instead.Go in, walk through the casino, get your meal for a deal, don't forget to tip your waiter/waitress, then immediately leave :)
1	Used to be much better, but today at 12:noon horrible extremely short-staffed service, got our drinks very quickly from the bus-girl, but no actual waiter after 25 minutes. a manager guy was ripping and running back and forth frantically trying to clear tables and seat patrons. food came out luke-warm. coffee is just brown water, the soft drinks tasted a little rancid, how can you mess up a 7-up  (Nevada's bad unfiltered H20 ) that's how.  Employees and waitstaff were all overworked, and annoyed by the flux of customers that kept arriving. Stay away..
1	Terrible food. And they wouldnt let us pay our own bills because they thought we are thieves trying to "Dine and Dash". We demanded to talk to the cashier, and then the supervisor, and then the General Manager (some old white lady) who all said that we have to pay together instead of separately. We are COLLEGE STUDENTS with part time jobs, we just came from a party for the Japanese Student Association of UNLV. Of course we can afford your shitty $6 pasta alfredos. Second, theft is not within our moral code as innocent students. Third, if you wanted us to leave TOGETHER then don't tell us to do this at 3 o' clock in the morning where we are all tired and want to go home. Some of us, have priorities like a job, or classes, and we just wanted to have a quick meal. Stop making really bad food too. I made 3 bathroom trips within one and a half hour of being stuck here.  One of the waiters tried to stop me from going to the bathroom. I guess his grumpy ass thought I was trying to run for it. We weren't being obnoxious, there are plenty of seats and dining tables around us, and WE ARE PAYING. Since all of us were getting pretty sick from the Alfredo Sauce, Pasta Sauce, Pizzas, and poorly made dishes, one by one we started to go up to the cashiers counter to pay for our own dishes and leave early, only to be turned away at the front door. I started noticing a pattern, only females that complained managed to pay and leave, and the rest of the dudes were only allowed to leave together. By that point, I started making a scene on the Host/Cashier's Table for the restaurant, threatening to accuse them of being sexist and claiming that they are calling us thieves until they finally let me pay for my own bill. The amount of bullshit that I had to go through to eat here was fucking insane. I have never been to a dining location where I, and my peers, are viewed as fraudsters in the back of the minds of the entire staff as we entered. We didn't come inside in hoodies and waving Glocks in the air. We wanted to fucking eat. The staff wouldn't let us leave. They served us food that gave us the shits. And they tacked on undeserved gratuity on our bills.
1	THE OLD RED HEADED WAITRESS IS DISGUSTING, DISRESPECTFUL AND RACIST.  The line was long because they were crowded. This was Thursday evening around 7 or 8.  The hostess was sweet.  The food was decent.  I had shrimp fetticuine alfredo, a salad and a cheesecake. BACK TO THE REDHEAD WAITRESS!!!!  She shuffled around a dirty table trying to take her time getting to me.  I watched knowing what she was doing.  Staying pleasant, I politely smiled and ordered my food.  I asked for it to go.  She said:  SHE HAD TO BRING THE BOX OUT TO ME TO PACKAGE UP FOR MYSELF.  SHE SAID THAT SHE DIDN'T KNOW WHY.  MAYBE BECAUSE THEY THINK THAT THE WAIT STAFF IS GOING TO........She made the finger up the nose and rolled it about gesture.  I was disgusted.  I was also hungry.  I said, " Don't do that."  She said, "I'm just saying, they must think that we will do that."  So if you get the OLD REDHEAD RACIST WAITRESS....BE INFORMED.  I hope she reads this and gets rid of her hateful, nasty, racist ways.  Just pathetic.  I had a good run at the Casino though, there were some very nice dealers.
3	I eat herebevery time I come to Vegas. Cheap place for breakfast or buffet.
