4	Okay so theres a time in a persons life where they like to have choices.. lots and lots of choices.. well living in the southwest choice is abundant, so much so that the lists can be pages long when it comes to food and drink. Its really overwhelming!The Mr and I like to take weeknight foodie plunges. Generally on weeknights I'm slaving over a hot wok, comal or grill while the Mr 'works' late, just managing to show up just in time to eat (life seems so unfair doesn't it?)! So when he got home last night and didn't see dinner ready he knew it was plunge night. We both knew it had to be some sort of sandwich. We've been wanting to try a new place not to far from home called Andreoli's but for some reason I thought they close early. So then I was up to bat.. torta's! Oh yeah and I saw a write up in the New Times last week for a place on 16th Street. So we piled into the Honda and headed west.This place is only a few blocks south of the famed Bario Cafe. Inside the place has been updated with tin roof walls and a clean open appearance. Inside oddly enough was a very attractive blond woman (think Uma Thurman) cleaning off the tables. She was the nicest person I had met in some time! She walked us through the menu answering our questions and making many suggestions. We finally ordered 2 torta's and a quesadilla (a gurl has got to eat!)! She then invited us to their salsa bar.. 3 different salsas, pickled carrots/jalapeno and freshly sliced cucumbers. Oh, beware.. the salsa's are on the spicy side and may cause pooper fire syndrome! The tray arrived with our mexiches and quesadilla.. the Mr bit into his Pastor (4.99) and his eyes widened as if to attempt to make his mouth bigger by intimidation. Large cubes of pork simmered in a spicy red sauce inside of nice thick bun that had been lightly toasted. On to my Cubana (5.90).. This bad boy is also on a toasted bun though inside.. ham, roast pork, milaneza, cheese, lettuce and mayo. Whew, it was good good good. As we were noshing through the torta's the quesadilla caught my eye. It looked so lonely sitting there with melted cheese oozing from the edges.. so seductive, enticing.. fresh. I had to take a bite!  Yeah babe, you're so good. The Alambre (4.99) is filled with onions, cheese, beef and pork slices on a very large flour tortilla.. this alone was worth the drive! The texture of the onions and cheese against the tender meats and crispy tortilla was just delish! This paired nicely with the Horchata (1.99)..  silky smooth and not overly sweet.I guarantee next week when the Mr gets home and the kitchen is dark and empty he will know it his turn to buy dinner!
4	Tons of choices, many tasty options. Do NOT get the largest one. I ate it for three days and I'm a 200lb. male. Some employees don't speak English well, so brush up on your Spanish restaurant phrases before you go in.
4	I went here last fall ... so my memory is fairly hazy....but I can say it was DELICIOUS.  Not a place for folks on a diet or trying to avoid a heart attack.  Yummy Yummy Yummy.
4	hrm......... tortas........ so i'd been hearin bits n pieces about this torta place in central phx.....  one day.... hungry me and david decides 2 check it out....... he wuz pretty happy they had a vegetarian torta...... and i gots me the Cubano.  (milanesa is like fried heaven)they're pretty good, but not as good as Los Reyes de la Torta (formerly Torta La Pressa, the OG one on 7th st. and dunlap)i'm still curious as to the other mexican food offerings besides the torta. o yea..... and i'd like 2 also mention, their fresh juices r tasty!!
5	Whoo hoo! A friend from  Nogales brought me one of these tortas 4 years ago & I've been hooked since.  Gustavo (the owner) & his lovely wife and their 2 cute kids are the beginning of this great experience.  EVERYTHING here is good and a whole lot cheaper than many bona fide Mexican places.  My favorite is the Pollo Ahogado, aka Drowned Chicken Torta.  It has avocado,just a few jalapenos (and is the only way I've ever been able to eat those), and the most amazing red sauce. I ask for the salsa INSIDE the sandwich just to be sure.  You will need 15-20 napkins and may not be able to conquer the whole thing if you're a chica like me.  By the way.....if you go in here twice, you get treated like a friend. They are awesome.  Oh! And the "Boing" juices are from one of the only union-run beverage cooperatives in Mexico.  :)  They 're good, too.
4	The name says it all.  This family owned restaurant (3 to be exact) specializes in tortas but they also carry your staple Mexican fast-food affair you would find in AZ.  Everything I or anyone else has had has been solid.  Just in case you don't know what a torta is, the best way I can explain what one is that it is essentially a toasted sandwich with a fusion of Mexican and American ingredients.  When it comes to TEG's tortas, there are a few standouts.  One would be the cochinita.Cochinita which is marinated pork is absolutely delicious by itself, but in a torta, it is absolutely scrumptious!!!  My best description of what cochinita is to think of pulled pork that is braised in a slightly sweet, salty, and spicy redish/orangeish sauce.  In addition, it has American sandwich staples such as mayo, shredded lettuce.  What makes it a "torta" are the slices of sweet and sour pickled jalapenos and carrots and slices of avocado (and they do not skimp).  What completes the sandwich, I mean torta, is the bread.  It's always warm and fluffy in the inside and the outside always has a nice crisp texture from the grill. The other torta I would strongly recommend is the carne asada.  The combination of the carne asada steak with mayo, fresh pico de gallo, and lettuce along with the warm bread makes this torta an absolute winner (my mouth is actually watering just thinking about it!).The Cubana, which has your typical ingredients that come with any spin on the classic Cuban, is also good.  If you are a big fan of Cubans, then this one may be for you. But in my humble opinion, this does not anywhere near come close to the yummy goodness of the cochinita and carne asada.The Hawiiana (Hawaiian) is also a relative good choice.  With the combination of Ham and fresh grilled pineapple along with other condiments, it also is descent selection.As I stated before, they do have staple Arizona style Mexican fast-food here and there are a few I would recommend.  One would be the flautas (large deep fried rolled tacos).The pollo is the one I would suggest.  If you envision your typical fried rolled tacos with guacamole and cheese, well this is not that, this is even better!  The flautas at TEG are larger with much more stuffing then your typical rolled tacos.  In addition, they make them with yummy flour tortillas, not your typical corn.  The shredded chicken is well seasoned and moist.  The tortilla is always fried perfectly, light crisp on the outside with the inside of the tortilla still soft.The burritos here are good, actually better than average, but because the tortas here are the showcase, everything else takes a backseat.  The rice and beans are hit and miss, especially at the Chandler location.I used to give TEG four and a half stars, but with the mistake of expanding too quickly, combined with quality and consistency falling a bit, I would have to give them three and half stars; four stars would be stretching. I'm anal so three and three quarter seems to fit.For example, the Phoenix location, which the Son runs and where he started the chain has a few issues.  For example, the Cochinita at the Phoenix location is always drier and saltier than the other two locations.  In addition, they have certain items only at that location that the other two do not.  One would be their Sonoran style hotdogs, which are excellent and an item I would highly recommend.  When I have gone to both the Mesa and Chandler location and asked for them, and unfortunately they said they don't carry them.  I was disappointed to say the least. Another example of inconsistency is the last time I went to the Chandler location.  I brought a couple of out of town guests, and I was a little disappointed because the bread was a little too bready (dense) and not light and fluffy as usual.  When all the ingredients are in perfect symphony, you have one amazing torta, but when one ingredient is off such as something like the bread being too dense throws off that harmonious balance of flavors and textures.  In this case, it made a difference from a four and half star sandwich to a 3 star sandwich (which is still good in my book, but not great).The best and most consistent is their Mesa location.  I think that it is because Mom and Pops run that particular location (well they used to anyways).  Everything has always been consistently delici-oh-so-good.Overall, would I still recommend Tortas El Guero, and do I still go?  Yes, but I wouldn't rave about the place like I once did especially with the inconsistencies I've experienced as of late.
5	Ahh tortas..  Had my first taste when I worked in Downtown LA.  The ones here are even better.  This was my first visit in about 6 months.  Forgot how good they are.  I had the Carne which is always a solid choice.  I took a co-worker who was a bit reluctant at first, but seemed to really enjoy the spicy pork.Also, they have a munch of flavors of horchata, and Coca Cola with real sugar.
5	Since I'm on a Torta fix, I had to try this place out. I felt pretty "guera" walking into the place as all of the customers were clearly spanish-speaking only as well as most of the employees. Embracing my latina half, I ordered a carne asada torta to- go in my best spanish, which is about on par with a three year old idiot child. Be warned, not the quickest torta you're gonna get, I waited nearly half an hour. Luckily, they have telenovas playing on the tv, which are fantastically amusing, even if you don't speak the language. But it was well worth the wait-my torta was delish! I got it with everything, which included pico de gallo, lettuce and mayonnaise, all on grilled bolillo bread. Amazing.They have a huge selection of tortas so there is something for everyone. mmm tortas, where have you been all my life??
4	"El Guero" does a great job of bringing the torta to our side of the border. Make sure that your meal includes something with Milanesa and make sure you wash it down with some of their great horchata.  The original location on 16th street serve the best tortas, the other locations lag behind slightly.
5	Best Torta place in town...yummy good.
5	Oh succulent pork torta, how I love thee. And how I especially love thee when I buy you from El Guero.
3	I went here with a buddy of mine on a workday lunch break. I must admit, my expectations were low, so I was overall happy with the experience. I had the spicy pork combo (sandwich and fries) and a Horchata to drink. A quick, fast foody type place, but much better than a burger king or carls for a lunch break. I'll be back, but I noticed the location closest to my house on 40th st has been closed.
5	I just went to Tortas El Guero for the first time today, and it is a MUST TRY for those of you who like diving elbow deep into delicious tortas.  I have lived in Phoenix for almost four years now and although I am devoted to my favorite torta source in my hometown, San Diego, this place rocks.  Also, when I gave my compliments to the folks behind the counter, the owners came out and introduced themselves, asked me my name, and thanked me for coming.  Definitely go to Tortas El Guero.  I'll be back for the good food and friendly, neighborhood service.  XO to Tortas El Guero!
3	Pretty good darn torta's! Most usually comes with guacamole slices.  Ingredients seem fresh too!  If you do stop by, get the hot guacamole salsa, it's blended really well and has a kick! Apply it onto your tortas! so good! Wash it down with a can of Coke, seems to go really well with it.The menu seem to have slimmed down over the past few times I've gone, so that's why I have given them a 3-star, otherwise a 4.
5	Great tortas!!  Don't leave there feeling as heavy and greasy as some of the other torta shops.  Torta de pierna or de pollo are my favs.
4	Definitely a place worth trying if you enjoy tortas.We went last week on a long lazy lunch break, so we figured we'd try a new place.  We arrived shortly after 12p and the place was not empty, but far from full.  Pretty quiet actually, which I was surprised as the tortas had been very highly recommended.The layout is nothing fancy, doesn't look like much from the outside, or the inside.  The service is very friendly and very helpful.  The guy who helped us made some great recommendations.First off, the tortas are great.  The bread is made special for them (think it's a bolillo roll, or something like that).  But they taste fresh and go perfectly with the tortas.  We had the milanesa de res, which is basically a breaded carne - it was fantastic - the torta comes with the meat of your choice, some jalepenos, lettuce and a couple small slices of avocado.  So simple, so delicious.  We also tried the Cochinita torta, which was tasty, but not quite as over the top delicious as the other.  They have a choice of a couple sauces at a little salsa bar - the red chile sauce is mediocre, the spicy chile verde was surprisingly spicy and exceptionally tasty.  I got so excited by a sample that I piled it onto my torta and ended up sweating through the rest of it!  It is sneaky spicy!The horchata was great, if not overly memorable.  I'll definitely be back.
4	I absolutely am a fan of this place.Cheap prices great food and a clean atmosphere. I love the Cuban Torta. Order one up with a Mexican Coke and you should be in good shape.
1	I called the restaurant at noon on Labor Day and was told that they would be open till 8 PM. I arranged to have some east valley family members meet there at 4 o'clock for Tortas. WHAT!!! They were closed. No sign. Nothing. Very bad form.
2	7/01/10I've had Tortas El Guero bookmarked for a couple of weeks when a friend told me of the wonderful torta she had here recently, I thought I'd visit it on my next days off.  Came in prior to 430p, and the woman manning the counter could not speak any English at all.  Good thing I still retained a little of basic Spanish to request that a few ingredients be omitted.  (Had I waited till 5p, I'd have no problem w/ the bilingual Caucasian server that arrived.)  Chose the carne asada torta, and the bread was good.  However, the filling was very sparse.  I suggest that TEG either use smaller-sized bread, or up the filling a bit!  The cost of the sandwich is definitely too high-- I wouldn't order this same sandwich for that price again (especially when I could order a huge serving that is equally as tasty, perhaps more so, at Phoenix Ranch Market-- the telera bread there is amazing!).  Indeed, I had to order two side tacos for their meat contents (pastor y carne asada) to be able to fill in the rest of the torta :(  Based on what I tried, if I were to come back, I'd order the pastor.  I don't think I'll be back, though.(I will, however, visit the Michoacan ice cream parlor again next door!!  The coffee and mango flavors I tried were delicious!  What I wouldn't do to have some of the coffee right now...)
3	They have fries?!I pose this question because of the pictures I saw on Yelp; I got ruffles on the side with my order.Anyway, El Guero is a nice little Torta shop that does have a pretty decent torta. I got the Cuban and it was really good. I didn't see anything on the menu that really stood out to me though besides the Cuban. The conchinita won one of the best sandwiches in Phoenix Magazine in the past, so I will be back to try it eventually. But, with some tough competition in town, it's hard to say when I'll be making it back.
5	Just good!   Friendly and delicious!  Tacos al pastor were good.
5	Carne Asada torta = mmmmmmmm! So yummy! I saw someone's review that says the tortas come with Ruffles, yes, they do... And it totally makes the sandwich. I think the balance is awesome with crunchy, spicy, etc. Make sure you get everything on it, if you don't, don't bother going. Also, ask for jalepenos and spicy carrots. The tacos are Mexico City style, small tortillas and carne asada, tripe, tongue, pastor, etc. So good. I went to Mexico City in May 2010 and this is as close to the real thing that I can find in Phoenix. I also love that the owners are sometimes the cooks!
4	Fantastic tortas!  And very clean and pleasing eat-in dining area.  Great for a quick lunch.  The owner is friendly and welcoming.  Home cooked feel.
3	While sitting in my office around lunch time, not sure what I was in the mood for, I opened up my handy Yelp app on my iPhone to see what restaurants were in the area.  Tortas El Guero came up and had an overall 4 star rating.  Figured I'd give it a try, been a while since I had a torta.Drove over, ordered the Carne Asada torta, paid the $7.09 charge, waited less than five minutes and it was ready in the to go bag.  At first it appeared very small in the bag, but upon opening I discovered it was of normal torta size.  Got back to the office, drizzled the hot sauce they included in my bag on it, and inhaled the thing in about three minutes.  It was pretty good.  Not the best though.  The best torta I've had would have to be from Los Reyes De La Torta.  I don't know what that means in English, but that place sure is the king of the torta!
4	carne asade tortas are consistently good here. they had other locations but they are closed.this is their original location and they know what they are doing here.
3	The first time I went here, the tortas were great.  On subsequent visits, I wasn't as impressed with the quality, and prices went up a bit.  Coincidentally, they started getting a lot of press for being one of the best sandwich places in the Valley.The cynic in me makes it hard not to think that they are coasting a bit on their rep with the gringo crowd.  This place isn't consistently fast or consistently good - and on multiple occasions, they've even been out of key ingredients early in the day.Still, the tortas are good, and they aren't so much over-priced as other torta places are under-priced.  Decent value, decent quality, 3 stars.
5	I didn't realize that I had a set of Mexican Grandparents, until I stepped into this modest looking haven of fine Tortas.These things are made with as much love as a mother gives to her newborn baby, and that's no understatement!I have visited this location on three separate occasions within the past year while waiting for my tires to be serviced across the street.Upon each visit, I was greeted with a sincere, unbiased, smile that could only come from the heart of a grandparent who was just grateful for each day of life and who got their joy from making others happy by cooking them a meal that only a grandmother is capable of concocting.From the sweet little voice that takes your order, to the smiling grandpa in the kitchen who makes each Torta or Taco to your liking, you can't help but feel the love in this place, despite the not so attractive surrounding businesses. It really does feel like you're visiting your innocent grandparents who live in a not so hot neighborhood.Now onto the food that can't help but soak up all of that love that surrounds it.Today, I ordered the Torta Al Pastor. If you aren't familiar with Al Pastor style meat, which is most commonly associated with pork, you need to do a little research, because you are in for a real treat! I would consider Al Pastor style to be the Mexican version of what Rednecks call BBQ Style. This torta would be the Mexican equivalent to a pulled pork sandwich.From the warm, lightly toasted bread that is classically used with Tortas, to the light mayo, the Avocado, shredded lettuce, thin pickled green Chile's, thin sliced tomato, marinated pork in the Al Pastor seasonings, the love is in every bite of this beauty. I'm not big on bread, and sub sandwiches just have way too much bread that take away from the flavor of the quality parts of the sub sometimes. The Mexicans really outdid us with the Torta. When a torta is made fresh and properly by an experienced set of Mexican old timers who love to see people smile when they eat their food, it's something that will put any hot sub in town to shame!If you aren't a fan of swine, don't be alarmed, there are many other selections, and yes the do have a Torta Carne Asada for the unadventurous Weditos.. ;)Don't be such a Wedito and go try something different, I can assure you that regardless of the torta at this location, you will not be dissatisfied, and I promise that you will feel like you are eating at your Mexican Grandparents place...While you are in this place, help them unlock their business on Yelp. They are like most other grandparents and technology has run right past them.This place could use some business, and I know that others out there who are like myself, always love to know of random little places that may not look so hot from the street, but are a real treat once you break through those doors.Can't wait to start seeing some more reviews on this place, it deserves some Yelp attention!Cheers and Salute! ;)
4	don't know too much about tortas, but the cochinita torta I had here was really good. awesome pulled pork texture, juicy, fresh crisp lettuce, the telera bread was nice and soft.  appears to be run by a nice older mexican couple, charming, obviously takes pride in his food.
3	"Sandwiches My Way"March 16, 2012 I foot-cruised 16th Street searching for some of Phoenix' most prolific street artists.  Not taggers, gang bangers, not even illegals.  Artists expressing themselves on sanctioned walls, looking to be recognized, and maybe make a living.  What's that got to do with Mexican sandwiches?  Breeze, Mesone, Griffin One, Stoec and I ate and rated the food.  Actually, it has nothing to do with Tortas, since none of us had one.  We ate tacos, asada and conchinita burritos.  None of the servings were generous.  We must remember, expenses are skyrocketing at the production level so we'll get less food or higher prices.  Flavor, texture and sauce of my burrito mild and decent.  Ratings 3 - 3.5.  We also drank horchata, jamaica and ice tea.  Cost of the total meal - $47.00Tortas El Guero itself is a clean, well decorated establishment.  It would have been great to all walk two blocks south of the new art, sit down and enjoy the surroundings, cool air and hospitaltiy of the Lom family.  Arturo Lom is a warm, friendly gentleman in a world where surliness and disrespect can kink one's day.  He made sure our take-out kit was fitted up with napkins, straws, sweet and low, and two capped salsa cups filled with sugar.  Arturo and his wife said, "Come back for tortas, they are the BEST!"  The next Art Detour, I may make a detour to Tortas El Guero.  Maybe sooner.BTW, the street art visionairies would like to get more into downtown.  Breeze's January work, "Phoenix Rising" in the alley between 1 N 1st and The Matador was selected from a group of proposals made to the real estate company managing or owning the building.  Personally, I'm all for roof murals to greet visitors to our fair city and provide delightful surprises to people looking at aerial photos or satellite imagery in Google and other earths.
5	The best Pastor in town. Either in a taco or one of their huge tortas, it's heaven. Besides being very friendly and welcoming, the food is first rate.
4	Tortas were amazing and the service was excellent!
5	I feel like I'm stepping into the dining room of my long-lost Mexican family. Such a friendly husband/wife team. The food: amazing! They season everything just right and are always sure to ask how you prefer your level of spiciness. The bread they use for the tortas is delish. The prices are way lower than I would expect for food this yummy!
5	THIS PLACE IS GREAT! The food is delicious and fresh. The family that owns it is wonderful. The place is always clean. It is a no frills joint, the classic "hole in the wall." The Torta Cubana is to die for. Their carne asada and pastor are rediculously good, too. I have taken 10 different people here in the last 2 months and they all loved it. Even an atheist would tell ya that there is a lil piece of heaven in every bite.
5	I must have a hard time reviewing places that are less than five-stars, so here is another hidden gem of the valley!  This place is another hole-in-the-wall establishment brought my way via Yelp.The torta el pastor was phonomenal! They have a huge salsa bar with this green concoxion that looks like it would be avacado something, but it's totally spicy as wasabi.  I dream of stuff this spicy: I completely drowned my torta in this.  My friend and I were the only people here minus a younger couple behind the counter, and an elderly couple who made the food.  My friend who came with and was as blown away as I was.  Such a great little establishment in close proximity to downtown; I'll be back.
4	Clean place, nice customer service. I love the tacos al pastor and the milanesa torta, the bread they use is so fresh, this is a must try!
5	Incredible....best sandwhich...great price, clean, and sweet people
5	You gotta love a family owned place that just gets it right. The tortas are fantastic. They load up the meat and avocado which balance one another. I could not recommend this place enough. My favorite changes constantly between the cochinita, al pastor, Cubano, and Carne Asada.
5	I always passed by this place and wanted to try it.  So one evening, we called and asked what time they were closing.  They had just closed at 7pm. But the lady was so nice, she asked us what we wanted and said we could go pick it up since we told her we were disappointed it was closing and it was our first time.When we pulled up to the place, it was really nice inside.  Very clean and spacious.  The outside and inside of the restaurant was well kept and there were some artists painting murals on the wall inside.  The lady who answered the phone was making our tortas and had everything ready within a few minutes.We didn't want to wait until we got home, so we ate the tortas in the car.  They were delicious.  The bread was so soft and the beef was cooked perfectly.  We will definitely come back again, and hopefully next time get there before they close so we can eat in the restaurant instead of our car.
5	Not much to say here, except that, in a town full of mexican restaurants (some good, many mediocre), these are the best tortas.  And the family who manages it couldn't be nicer every time I go there.I always recommend this place...I've even taken business clients there, even though it's a order-at-the-counter type of restaurant.
5	It's really good!!! Everything taste so fresh. People here are very kind. Definitely worth it!!!
5	Best tortas!The menu is pretty diverse.  Just about every torta can also come in burrito or taco form as well. There is enough meat on one taco for two!Great family run place where everyone pitches in.  On different occasions, I've seen the husband, grandfather, and grandmother in the kitchen.A little while ago they switched from chips to fries... personally, I liked the chips better because they dip in the salsas easier... and speaking of salsas, watch out for the green stuff! It looks like guac but will knock your socks off.
5	The food is so good and the staff is so friendly you have to give tortas el guero a try. It is on my fav list
5	I had this very bad craving for a torta today and I found this was the closest place to my office and it looked like it had very good reviews so I decided to give it a try. I'm really glad I did, because this was the best torta I had since I moved to the states. I had the Al Pastor which was moist and properly seasoned and the horchata water wasn't overweeningly sweet like other places. Grandma cooking in the back is always a good sign of great food to come. A little bit expensive for a torta (I mean, in Mexico you get really god ones for 2-3 bucks) but I'll be definitely be back.
5	I love tortas. These are the best in town and the restaurant has a friendly staff and is always clean. Yum. I crave them weekly. You can't go wrong with the al pastor or the carne asada.
5	Today, must be the 10th time I've been here. I Efing love this torta shop! From the adorable little family who run it, to the delicious (and dangerously generous) tortas there is nothing to not like. I often take my employees for a quick bite. We always leave wanting to come back more often.
5	Both times I've eaten there for lunch it has been great! Polite and quick service. The place was pretty stylish and clean. Good prices for great tortas.I did read about the unfortunate soul below who had a slippery take out experience, but both times I ate in the restaurant. A nice mom and pop place to enjoy a good torta.
5	As I've said before, I don't particularly like to write reviews of a place after only one visit, but it's also not every day that you stumble across one of the top 5 or so things you've ever eaten. I was driving around the area of town near Tortas el Guero, looking for Mexican food, when I caught the "Tortas" out of the corner of my eye. I pulled into the parking lot and decided to try it out based on the positive Yelp reviews.Well, let's just say that those positive reviews and scores were dead on. They mainly offer tortas topped with several different varieties of meat; I opted for the pastor. Every aspect of the sandwich, including the small order of French fries that came on the side, was excellent. The meat was flavorful and tender, the bread was the perfect consistently and did not become mushy, and each half of the sandwich had a hearty slice of avocado on top. They also had a thick, creamy avocado sauce that had a surprising amount of spice to it; I opted to douse it over my sandwich to compliment the mayo and add a little extra bite. There were several other salsas and grilled onions that all looked excellent, but I didn't get a chance to try them this time (well I had the chance I just forgot to get the onions). At $7.99 for a sandwich, I didn't find it to be particularly inexpensive, but the size and quality of the food is certainly worth the asking price. The also offer a mini for $4.99 for smaller appetites and a super for $12.99, which I presume feeds two people. I should also add that the staff, who I took to be the owners, were very friendly and answered my questions with a smile. I would easily give this place a top recommendation and encourage any fan of tortas, or just delicious food in general, to try it out.
5	Love this place!!! Best tortas in Phoenix hands down. The service is great, and the drinks are pretty good too. I recommend this place to anyone looking to try some awesome Mexican food.
5	Seriously...you just need to eat here! Hand down the best tortas in town, keeping it simple and serving with fresh hot french fries and a great assortment of salsas. Stop reading this review already. You should be ordering your torta by now!
2	Their tortas are the best I've ever had.  They are made fresh right in front of you and the bread is toasted really well unlike most torta places.  Still, this is the 3rd time I've come to this restaurant to find it closed.  It's like they don't want (or perhaps don't need) any business.  It's Mother's Day so I guess they are spending time with their moms.  They are probably eating at another restaurant, a restaurant with sense enough to accept a lot of business on Mother's Day.   2 stars for the unreasonable business hours which just makes me very frustrated.  I'd give it 4 stars but I just can't take the closing at 4:00 pm on Sundays and 7PM the rest of the week.
5	Hands down the best tortas in Phoenix! My husband and I have tried almost every place in the valley and these are by far the most delicious. The bread is amazing, the Oaxacan cheese is on point and the service couldn't be friendlier.
5	The service alone gets my 5 stars! As soon as we walked in everyone greeted us like they knew us! Made us feel very welcome. We ordered the carne asada torta & the chicken one... They were served with a side of fries! Food was delicious and the horchata made it 100% better! Too bad I goobled it before taking a picture.I'm from Los Angeles so we yelped this place and it was well worth it! The area is not the best-est but the food will make u forget where u are ;) Come take a taste!
2	I am a huge torta kind of Mexican, everywhere I go I have to try their Tortas. When a place specializes in Tortas I get super excited and of course the expectation is higher. So, I woke up craving a good carne asada torta today, I decided to go to this place.  The service is great they're pretty friendly which is why they get one star, the other star is for their mango agua which was pretty good. As far as the torta it was not that great, but I've  had worst. To tell u the truth I'm not sure if it was the torta or the really "depressing" environment in the place. I was the only one in there, the place has plain decor, no music, the AC didn't seem to be working, and there was flies.  I must say it has been the most depressing meal I've had in a while.
5	I don't even know how I stumbled upon this place, but I've been hooked ever since. Is run by what seems to be the cutest family. Surprisingly nice inside. Truly the best tortas in town (and I'm sure their other food is great too!).
4	My co-worker brought me here for lunch one day and it was love at first bite. Upon entering we were greeted by a distinguished older gentlemen behind the counter a smile and knod from the chef as it he was saying "you will eat good today"   I ordered the cubana and it was blown away. Layers upon layers of meat goodness between two pieces of bread. I've had tortas before but not like this. This is a whole new torta experience.This place is great! awesome! I absolutely recommend tortas el guero.
5	Amazing!!! The torta was so flavorful and delicious. I had the regular size carne asada. It was the perfect size especially with the side of fries that came with. My 7 year old daughters each had a mini torta and that was just the right size for them. My picky eater asked me after she took her first bite, "mama can we come back here?  Please". She loved the torta. Both my daughters did. We all had agua fresca of mango!  Excellent!   We will definitely be back!! Plus!!! The service was friendly and very inviting!
5	Service alone gets 10 stars if possible, small family business, food is great prices are fair keep it up MR Guero!!!!!
