5	I wasn't sure to expect as this is my very first Kimpton experience ever. I've always heard good things, but I'm a bit of a snob and let's face it, I don't like being out in the middle of the desert. I mean, what is out here other than cacti and tacky Southwestern decor?Well, let me tell you I was all wrong. Taggia is great Italian out in the desert. We ate poolside for lunch today and it's been a while since I've felt so glamorous. The bread is crusty and delicious. Everything that rustic Italian should be. I drenched the green olive bread in olive oil with a little salt and pepper. OoooooOOOhh. I think that was, uh, 6 slices that I downed.The prosciutto crudo was ordered with a side salad instead of fries. It came out and I got looks of envy from my workmates who ordered the pizza or salad or turkey sandwich. *snore*I haven't seen this much prosciutto on a sandwich outside of my home in a long while and the mozzarella was plentiful and fresh with just a drizzle of olive oil. MMMMmmhhmmm.I don't think that people normally yelp side salads because really it's just a side. But there was an artful simplicity to this side of greens lightly tossed in a vinaigrette with julienned red onions on top. So pretty and so perfect with the sandwich. I couldn't have done it better myself.................................................................................................................2 October 2007We had a "working lunch" at Taggia. My branch chief and director both ordered my prosciutto crudo. I felt like the most popular intern there.I wanted another side salad so I went for the tuna sandwich which is tons more elegant than the average school yard version.Whole chunks of moist tuna with olive oil and sea salt with halved cherry tomatoes that were white, yellow, and orange. How chic!It turns out that the chef at Taggia abhors cream and mayo (holla!) and refuses to mayo up sandwiches and drown pasta in cream sauce.
4	4 stars is the perfect way to describe Taggia. It reaches for 5 star perfection, but just doesn't quite make it. Tthere are so many random intangible things that are keeping it from being a 5 star joint but I can't put my finger on it. Anyway, this place is pretty damn good.The service was very friendly and nice. What impressed me is the support staff. Everyone from the hostess to the bussers to the food runners went out of their way to be over-the-top nice, accomodating and attentive. I swear - no less than THREE seperate managers came by to ask us if everything was to our satisfaction. While some might find this annoying, I found it refreshing. Most managers - as Eminem might say "just don't give a fuck."But at Taggia they DO give a fuck, so yay.Also, the food was surprisingly good. Why do I write "surprisingly?" Because something about the place screamed "this food is going to suck." But it didn't!  It was excellent. The pre-dinner bread is awesome. Not just "oh great. bread" type of good bread. It's large chucks of nuts and fresh baked kind of good bread.The burrata - a caprese type dish with arugula, speck and Taggiasche olive pesto was INSANE. Eat this. It's offbeat and delish.Props to the chef for offering a varity of pasta dishes without cream sauce. All the pasta choices looked good to me. I had a difficult time choosing. But the one I chose... HOLLA!I had mushroom ravioli topped with asparagus, and dungeness crab. The mushroom ravioli was DOUBLE INSANE - and possibly one of the best rav's I ever had. However - and this is part of the 4 star-not-5-star part  - While the crab asparagus mix was good - it wasn't nearly as good as the ravioli. It was almost a bit fishy and I found myself scraping crab off the pieces of pasta to maintain the integrity of the fresh pasta and mushrooms. Once I seperated the crab and ate it as a seperate side dish things were cool.Dessert - none of it appealed to me so I skipped it. That's huge because I never want to skip dessert. I think people who like European style sweets will be pleased with the selection, though.I'm not sure if I'll be back because this place is so random, but they certainly earned a return visit. I actually feel guilty withholding the 5th star because everyone there tried so hard. Uggg - the trials and tribulations of Yelping...Fine. I'll go back to Taggia. Sometime.
4	A great go-to option when in Scottsdale, if you want Italian. Everything on the menu is fresh and, as much as possible, local. I travel solo all of the time and I prefer Kimpton Hotels because they tend to have REAL restaurants in them, not hotel restaurants.The ambiance is great and everyone is friendly (esp when you stay here in summer and the place is empty). But let's talk about the food......On my first visit here a few months ago, I had the margherita pizza and the rucola salad. Either I was starving or it really was the best pizza I'd had in a long time. On my second trip here, I got the butternut squash ravioli in brown butter with fried sage - melt in your mouth pasta. It's made in house and it puts all dried pasta in my cupboard to shame.This trip, I ate at Taggia twice because I am just too damn lazy to look for other places to eat when I have this place just across the pool. I returned to the margherita pizza again after starting with the asparagi antipasti. Both were delightful, but I wasn't the biggest fan of the trevigiana cheese in the asparagi dish, so now I know. The pizza wasn't quite as insanely delicious as it was the first time, but I still really enjoyed it. Great crust and great sauce.In the spirit of being repetitive, I ordered the butternut squash ravioli again and started with the two gazpachos - on one side of the bowl, a summer melon gazpacho, and the other side, a tomato gazpacho. Both were fully pureed (no chunks of anything) and good; however, there was too much sugar in both. Still, I cleaned my plate, because under the sugar (or was it too much salt? something was too much) the fresh flavors popped.I'll be back. In like 2 weeks. I promise to try something different!
4	repeat after me:creamy polenta covered with young brocolli stems and seared sea scallops!!!!!!!!!yum.repeat after me:buratta with charred bread, heirloom tomatoes and drizzed with olive oil!!!!!!!!!yum.repeat after me:asparagus, radiccio and hearts of palm salad with truffle oil!!!!!!!!!omg yum.repeat after me:chicken stuffed with marscapone cheese, fig and other stuff that's really yummy!yum.repeat after me:spicy spagetti with fruite de mare - clams and mussells!!!!!!!yum.repeat after me:ravioli stuffed with goat cheese and other yummy stuff!!!!!yum.cute and attentive waitier:  yum :)i stayed at the firesky and had dinner at taggio for two nights in a row - not by design but necessity and i'm here to report that even though i didn't choose this restaurant for both meals, i'd come back again in a heartbeat.
4	I took my wife here for her birthday about two weeks ago on a Friday night. No problem getting in without reservations. This restaurant is in the cool remodeled Firesky hotel. I would describe it as a really modern type lodge. Think West Elm meets Aspen. The food was excellent. Everything here is very fresh and they try to use organic ingredients when they can. I could tell it would be smaller portions (that is why I gave it four stars instead of five) but it worked out because we started with the best Margarita Pizza I have ever had. I haven't been to Pizza Bianco but I don't know how it could be better than this. Don't get me wrong I am from Chicago, love deep dish, and nothing is better than an Uno's pizza but you don't order Margarita pizza's in Chicago you order them on the west coast. The waiter was very attentive to us and our main courses were excellent. He actually recommended my main course and the bottle of wine we ordered over what we were originally thinking. He even explained his reasoning for the recommendation. I really like when waiters take pride in their restaurants offerings. I would definitely eat here again. Think very fresh food in a cool fresh atmoshpere.
5	Service= 5 starsThe waitress, manager and even chef checked up on us at least once between meals but left us alone to enjoy the meal and wine after dinner. What restaurant these days have chef's coming in to greet you? Taggia does! Ambiance = 5 starsIt's inside a posh and hip hotel. The outdoors seating is very night overlooking the poolside area and outdoor lounge area. There is a bar right infront of the restaurant which is easy access for before and after drinks. Great place to take a first date. Not crowded, not rowdy, not touristy. Price =5 starsThey have Arizona restaurant week which served 3 course meal for only $29. The main course ranges from $14 to $28. But if you add appetizer and wine, it might come up to $100 for two people. Well worth the price though! If you put the same restaurant somewhere in San Diego they can definitely charge atleast 50% more Im guessing. Portion= 4 starsI had the butternut squash ravioli which was absolutely to die for! however the portions were quiet small. I got 6 pieces of ravioli for $16. It was worth it for me but some people might expect more for the money. Menu variety = 5 starsThey have a very well balanced menu.  Varying from antipasto, salads, soups, pastas and variety of protein dishes. Taste = 5 startsI tried the margarita pizza from the reviews i read on yelp. YOU MUST TRY THIS. It was probably the most authentic pizza this side of the Atlantic. It really got close to what I had in Italy. It cant get much better than this! The main course was the butternut squash ravioli which was creamy and had a perfect hint of sweetness. I can also tell that the ravioli was made fresh and they timed it perfectly and carefully after our pizza. Overall, the best Italian themed restaurant I had in a longgggg time. Many props to the owner, hotel, staff and chef! Congrats!
2	We were suckered in with a free appetizer from the front desk.  The app was very good, fresh mozzerella, spread, and crusted bread, but then it went downhill quickly  Second app, two scallops at $14 was ok but overpriced and underportioned, bowl of pasta with a couple of schrimps was bland, fresh fish was over cooked.  We did have a great waitress that had recently moved here from Italy and she knew the food was not great by Italian stadards.  She put our bill on another couples tab, took about 20 minutes to get it fixed, and the poor other couple had left, so I am sure they were overbilled.  For the price, I would have expected something much better.  Probalby the one positive, they allow dogs on the outside patio, so if you like to have your pooch along, one of the few places that offer this.
5	We were staying at the attached Kimpton Firesky Hotel, and wanted something close and convenient...and tasty! We are by no means foodies or gourmands, but  recognize food that has been prepared with care and intent. Taggia fit the bill - and we gave it an extra star for both service and the fact that it was a hotel restaurant (exceeding the typical mediocrity found in hotels). Our waiter, Will was great, and the Manager stopped by to check in. We ordered the delicious Buratta to start, a somewhat heavily dressed Bibb salad (which they graciously split between the two of us with Pancetta on the side), as well as a chicken and Bucatini pasta. The roasted root vegetables were perfect, though the Rapini was extremely salty. Overall, we had a lovely evening, and would not hesitate to return.
5	Taggia can put on an awesome spread of gourmet appetizers!  Wow!I attended a Yelp event at Firesky recently and I was very impressed with the food and service of Taggia.Oh the olives!  Just the spread of olives was wonderful by itself.  Great variety.  Then the proscuitto, the artichokes, the sun dried tomatoes, the cheeses...all delicious.We'll be back for dinner soon!
4	Most hotel restaurants disappoint me.  Taggia was a nice surprise.  Our server at lunch was excellent handling our large table.  The food came quickly, and my bowl of pasta was flavorful and fresh.  The portions on some of the dishes may seem small at first, but that is simply because most restaurant portions are too large.  The prices are a little high for lunch.
4	We only had breakfast here, but there was a beautiful selection of egg dishes and other lovely breakfast foods available at reasonable prices.  The waitstaff were attentive and friendly, and the decor was very rugged/minimalist chic.  Almost a greek-mediterranean vibe to the place.  Wish I could have tried lunch or dinner!
4	only customer at 1PM on an overcast saturday.  So, i figured service and food would be crap.  you/ve lived it many times--fewer customers = awful service. Not today.  service was great friendly and knowledgeable.  Ordered risotto of the day--spectacular.   Three large, fresh scallops lightly seasoned with risotto in a light chicken cream sauce along with tomatoes, mushrooms, and baby asparagus.  Coupled with a great pinot grigio.  Perfetto!
4	I went here for lunch while staying at the Firesky, and it was definitely a nice surprise for an Italian restaurant located at a hotel (total recipe for disaster).I irdered a pasta dish with sausage, and it was cooked properly and the sauce was pretty good. Nothing incredible but definitely above par. What really made lunch perfect for me though was the burrata mozzarella caprese. The mozzarella was very fresh and so lusciously creamy. I'm a buffalo mozzarella girl, but it was the next best thing for sure. Tasty pesto in lieu of the usual basil. I'm glad we didn't miss out on it.I wish we would have come here for dinner so that we would have had a wider selection of plates, and maybe it would have been an even better experience! Judging by the pictures here, maybe I should have ordered a pizza...my mouth is watering looking at them...
3	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):7 Food9 Service9 Atmosphere6 ValueThe gnocchi wasn't as good as I'd hoped (it didn't really work in au jus), especially considering the price tag, but the pre-meal focaccia bread and the post-meal chocolate budino were both mm mm good.  The service was well timed, and the atmosphere was a nice balance achieving upscale but not stuffy, with nice views from the window tables.
3	Whenever I go to an italian restaurant, there are certain staples that I look for. For example, you better have good bread, a good foccacia bread with dipping oil is always a winner when its flavorful and delicious and not just crusty white bread.  I also tend to gravitate to certain dishes, such as butternut squash ravioli. It is one of my favorite dishes, and if I'm going to indulge in the pastas and cream sauces, it better be worth it. Taggia's raviolis were good, not as amazing as I was hoping but solid. We finished the meal with the chocolate budino and it was amazing. The overall atmosphere was nice and it was great to have a table next to the window.
3	I try not to revisit restaurants with eh service, but since this is very conveniently located with my hotel (the Firesky) I didn't have much of a choice. And so I had a lunch and a breakfast at Taggia....2 days in a row!Lunch: This was the scene of the bad service experience. Our waitress gave us the dinner menus (instead of lunch) and forgot 1 of the 2 pizzas we ordered. Fortunately, I had the organic greens salad to munch on while I waited for my lost margherita pizza.  Once the pizza finally arrived it was a tasty thin crust (just how I like it), but nothing to special to Yelp about.Breakfast: The very next morning. Fortunately, a different waitress was more "with it' this time around. I ordered the spinach and mushroom frittata from the breakfast menu, but switched it up a bit by adding swiss cheese and asking for egg whites (to balance out the cheese).  She got the order right even with the changes (whoo hoo), although the frittata once again wasn't anything special.I wouldn't go out of my way for bad service and mediocre food, but wouldn't hesitate to grab a bite to eat here during future visits at the Firesky.
5	During our spring training trip, we wanted to find a nice place to go for dinner in Scottsdale and decided to try Taggia.  Taggia was great for our group of eight; the service, food, and atmosphere was fantastic!  Our group also appreciated that Taggia was on www.restaurant.com and we saved over $100 on our meal!  Don't forget to leave room for desert.
4	I'm rounding up to 4 stars because they were nice enough to split our dishes, as I really enjoy eating in courses (wish-I-was-in-Italy-poser).  I'd have given a full four stars, but they forgot it was my boyfriend's birthday (noted at the time the reservation was made)...  I am not going to be one of THOSE people (except for pointing it out in yelp reviews...har).Starter:  Scheiner's sausage pizza, love they are supporting local purveyor's (ok who isn't?).  I'd come back just b/c this kicks Sauce's around the corner from here.Primi:  Gnocchi w/ veal, great flavor and tender shredded meat.  Disconcerting was the equally tender gnocchi, little mushy.Secondi:  Sea bream with broccoli rabe and polenta.  They respect their fish.Dessert:  didn't go there, was way too full.  And thanks again for graciously letting us split our plates and eat in courses!
3	I ended up eating at Taggia while staying at Firesky so it was a choice of convenience. I've had the food from here several times using room service and it's never anything to complain about. It was the same story the day I had lunch here. I had an organic greens salad and shared the margherita and goat cheese pizzas with my fellow lunchers. All of the food was good - the goat cheese pizza in particular with its thin, crispy crust.Unfortunately the day we ate here our service was MIA. We were told we could seat ourselves so we did. After about 10 minutes someone came by to take our drink order and maybe 10 minutes later our waters arrived. Well 2 out of 3 of them did anyway. Then we ordered two salads and two pizzas to share. One pizza came first. WTH? Where were the salads? Or the other pizza? The salads showed up a few minutes later and then our server realized that she had forgotten our second pizza. No biggie since we had salads and one pizza to eat. But the service was lackluster with a L. Like Andrea R says, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but when in the area it's a good option to have.
4	In my opinion Taggia deserves somewhere between 3 and 4 stars.  So I'm rounding up from 3.5 to 4 stars.  Both the food and service somehow fell a little short of expectations despite the impression that they put forth a lot of effort.  The menu is interesting with a mix of italian staples like pizzas and a diverse selection of seafood and pastas.  We started off with some standard antipasto including prosciutto, salumi, olives, cheese, and marcona almonds   All were pretty good but nothing to write home about.  However, the caponata/burrata spread over grilled bread was a nice way to start off a meal.My favorite dish is the pan-seared sea scallops in brown butter with grapefruit and capers.  With specials like hand-made pastas we also tried the gnocchi with veal ragu and crab ravioli.  The veal ragu sauce was hearty and stoodout more than the gnocchi but the flavor of the dish seemed to still lack something.  It tasted something like your grandmother would make out in the countryside villa.  The sweet corn crab ravioli was also so-so and did not live up to expectations based upon the ingredients and description (ricotta cheese / sweet corn / wilted spinach / porcini butter). The Scottish salmon was good and I would order again even if cooked a little more than to my liking.      The dining room is fairly intimate and if you enjoy eating al fresco there is a great patio.  While Chef James and the service staff were very friendly and patient, there were inconsistencies throughout our experiences.  Food-wise everything seemed really fresh and the quality of the ingredients high, however, the tastes and presentations seemed more like dinner party food rather than fine dining.
3	Meh. Loved the atmosphere, not impressed with the food.Mediocre overpriced Italian with an organic/natural twist. The worst pizza I've had to date. After living in Chicago, I guess I shouldn't have ordered pizza in Scottsdale. Seriously lacking flavor.Hit up the happy hour menu at the bar. Stick with bread and oil. And cocktail specials.
4	05/08/10Friend and I had a fantastic dinner here- my first time back since attending a Yelp event held at Firesky Resort months ago.  We chose to dine outside as it was a nice afternoon.  (Also, the restaurant just opened for dinner, so no one was dining indoors, yet.)  We were hungry, so by the time our server arrived for our drink orders (just water, since we had some wine at the bar and reception areas) we also placed our entree requests- the wild salmon sounded divine, so we both wanted it (she w/ fingerling potatoes and I subbing asparagus).  When it became apparent that we weren't going to get bread unless we asked for it (we waited at least ten minutes-- we were there early... we were hungry!), we asked if complimentary bread was available.  (It was, and with delicious marinated olives, too!)Words cannot do these beautiful entrees justice!  As you can see from the photos, the salmon I had was so juicy.  The textures were exquisite-- starting at the perfectly-crisped skin, nicely seasoned; then immediately underneath it, the seared, buttered flesh; through the flaky layers, until you reach the tender medium-rare center...  There, there- I'm getting waves of goosebumps up and down my arms and neck just recalling those moments!  And the accompanying vegetables were equally splendid!  Crunchy, yet dainty asparagus spears flanked by olives, grape tomatoes, artichoke hearts, and fennel!  Mmm... I think it's time to check out restaurant.com for a gift certificate for another meal here soon :)  Didn't know acquaintance James Siao is Taggia's "chef de cuisine"- what a nice surprise!  He was so sweet to offer my friend and me a complimentary dessert to share.  All the desserts on the menu that night sounded great, but it was no contest-- we had to check out the tiramisu!  Taggia serves up a terrific version-- a marvel to look at, and so many layers to tantalize the tastebuds... So cool and creamy, and the cocoa used was of very high quality.  This dessert was packed w/ so much flavor, yet it was very light-tasting (and very light in the tummy, too!).  This tiramisu lived up to its name- a perfect pick-me-up!Can't wait to go back!
5	A few colleagues of mine and I went to Taggia for a working lunch, and I was VERY pleased with the service, food, and general atmostphere. When we first entered the Firesky resort, I was amazed at how beautiful it was. The entrance into the restaurant was lined with a gorgeous marble fountain, and we were promptly greeted by a very friendly server. He was able to accommodate us with the best seat in the house for four of us to work on our laptops. The wi-fi was free, which was the reason for choosing the firesky, and it was very spacious for the four of us. Now for the good stuff, the food! I split the caprese salad and the margherita pizza with one my co-workers. The others had the cheeseburger which they both said was delicious. The caprese salad was wonderful!! The tomatoes were ripe and juicy, the basil was very fresh, and the mozzarella was perfection. I don't even know where to begin with the pizza. It was heaven on a crust!! I can't imagine why people wouldn't care for it unless thin crust is not their thing. We wrapped up the meal with a piece of tiramisu, which was heavenly. I am a big tiramisu lover and this one is definitely in my top 5. Overall, the server was very accommodating and the food was very well priced. I believe the pizza and salad came to just over $20. Most importantly, I was extremely pleased with the food, and I will definitely be back for lunch again!
5	I'm not gonna lie, I possibly had the best sunny side up eggs ever. A simple dish so rarely cooked perfectly.
4	Surprisingly good food and reasonably priced
4	great food and great environment. feels a bit like miami, with the sparkling pool and waterfalls, then like polynesia with teak furniture and tropical plants. such a pretty place. we opted for the prix fix menu and left feeling stuffed and satiated. so delicious. i had the sea bass with polenta (grits) and it was just the right blend of taste and texture. she had the calamari pasta and i wasn't too impressed with her dish....which is rare b/c i rarely pick the favorite dish. topped off with gelato for dessert. and with our foodie couple double date, we couldn't have had a more pleasant evening. i want to give taggia a 5 star review but our waiter was really, really sucky. attitude is expected and easily dealt with at a mcdonalds in south georgia, but when you're paying upwards of 20bucks a plate, attitude is the last thing i want. but i mean, what can you say until after the food has arrived? i don't want to be critical only to have the server drag my fish across the toilet in spite. in any case, delicious food, less than mediocre service.
3	If you haven't been to Firesky and love Italian food, there is an excuse to go to Taggia.  I am not a huge Italian food fan but love food so I a,not going to back down from a good meal.  Although it has been maybe a year or so since I have been, I do recall that the service was great but the place wasn't very busy which may have been a factor.  The food was great, brought to us in a decent amount of time, and the price was probably a little more than what it could be but not at a rate to scare anyone off....the location of the restaurant is at the back North end of the very open and beautiful lobby next to the pool.  I think I probably enjoyed Taggia more because the pool area is done up so well with landscaping, furniture design, and fire pits that the dining experience probably equated in some of that....probably won't go back but still highly recommend to people seeking new places and/or Italian.
2	The server was very attentive, and that was the best part of the evening. It started going downhill when the bottle of wine we wanted was out of stock. No big deal; we switched to individual glasses instead. We both ordered the salmon special, which came on a bed of fingerling potatoes, fennel, olives and cherry tomatoes. I ordered it as it came and my partner made a substitution, which was no problem. But, both of our entrees came under cooked, significantly. The took them back and nuked the he'll out of them so that the salmon was done but dry. Not worth $28 a piece. And, the olives completely over powered the entire dish. The server was nice enough to throw in an extra glass of wine, but overall it wasn't a winning experience.
3	If this were last year at this time, I would have given this restaurant 5 stars. However, upon returning for our 2nd wedding anniversary, we were totally disappointed. Last year, we got treated like royalty, free champagne, free cheesecake - and lots of "Happy Anniversaries." This year, our waiter was rushed, we had an old menu and ordered the gnocchi with veal which we thought was the one we had last year (ALSO the one still listed on the website and apparently some menus) and it wasn't, and was terrible. The crab ravioli was also not great, just a mess of butter and thin pasta. This was a completely different experience then we had last year and we were VERY disappointed. Not worth the $73 and for a fancy place, the beer selection was dismal like the food. Will we return next year? Probably not.
2	Went here for dinner on a sat night and we were the only ones in the restaurant.  The food was ok, but nothing memorable. The restaurant had a nice ambience but that was about all..
2	Love the hotel, and this was our first time dining at TAGGIA.  It really got off on the wrong foot.  Sunday morning - 9:45AM. The place was busy, but not slammed.   We stood at the check-in podium waiting for someone  - anyone - to acknowledge us for well over five minutes.Finally, a woman came from the back and she must have been having a really crappy day, because it was "Hostess With An Attitude".   No smile, no engagement, no "Good Morning" - Strictly "How many?"  I felt like leaving.The food was OK-fine, but the Hostess made the experience one we don't want to repeat.  Sorry FireSky.  We love you Kimpton.  But this was just not up to your usual standard.
5	Taggia deserves mad props. Tucked into the Firesky Resort, this is a great place to grab a business lunch or casual date without all the public hoopla of other Scottsdale restaurants. On every visit, service has been top notch! They take their time, but are always present, and everyone from the bus-boy to the waiter has a sense of humor and comfortable personality. On one occasion, my coworkers and I split a salad and pizza while pitter-pattering away on our laptops. The other, we enjoyed the burger. It's nice of them to let us use their outlets, and set-up camp for an hour while we get away from the office for some fresh food and fresh air! Prices at lunch are reasonable, and it was calm enough for us to talk business without worrying about who's around.
2	Like many other reviewers, I ended up at Taggia because it was located in my hotel - purely a choice of convenience. After attending a conference all day, my friends and I were too wiped out to drive. Drive somewhere else vs. walk to the lobby? Taggia suddenly looked a lot more enticing.First, it was somewhat disconcerting to be the only customers in the restaurant at 6:30 on a Saturday night. Eventually another family was seated near us, but still... not exactly a sign of great things to come. Second, our waiter was flat-out weird. He clearly had no other tables to tend to, but every time he came to our table it was as if he couldn't wait to get away. He took our appetizer order and started to hurry off before we could order wine; we practically had to shout our order at his retreating back. He was squirrelly and distracted during our entire visit- you would have thought he had twenty other tables had you not seen the perfectly empty restaurant behind him.The food itself was fine, even good. The calamari was really great; the wine was OK. We each ordered one of the thin-crust pizza - two mushrooms, one prosciutto - and all were good, though we all thought the prosciutto pizza was a little dry (no sauce, no cheese).The strangest part? When our server asked if we'd like dessert, he nodded at a nearby busboy and said, "Hector's on page 2." When we responded with baffled looks, he explained how that's his standard pitch when offering customers dessert - "want to see the dessert menu? I'm on page 2." Needless to say, we passed on dessert. Too bad the service was so schizophrenic, because the food wasn't bad at all. Sadly, it just didn't match up to the rest of our experience at the FireSky.
3	Service was 4 stars but we're here for the food. Steak sliders were tender, but bland. Wings weren't all that. Pizza was decent.
4	Excellent dinner. The scallops were large and very tender. Good meal with good company.
3	Located right inside Firesky, I don't think many locals even realize this is here. After a failed attempt to dine a restaurant nearby due to an hour+ wait, we decided to check out Taggia across the street. It's one of those restaurants that have always been on the list but we seem to forget its there. The ambience at Taggia is exactly what I like in a restaurant: an open patio overlooking waterfalls, ponds and a pretty pool. It was the perfect Arizona fall evening and ideal for outdoor dining. The waiter introduced me to a new cocktail, whip cream vodka and soda. It tastes like a creamsicle and was delicious! We started with calamari and ordered the crab raviolis and shrimp risotto for dinner. When I was ordering my meal, the waiter asked me whether I wanted a house or Caesar salad. The way he said it gave the impression that a salad was included in the meal. However, something didn't seem right since it didn't indicate that on the menu, so I awkwardly asked. He then quietly answered me saying no, a salad wasn't included. Typically when a waiter asks whether you want a house or Ceasar, it means that a salad is included but in reality, he was being little sneaky by trying to get me to order a $10 salad thinking it was included. I would have been pretty unhappily surprised when the bill came if I hadn't caught on when I ordered. The ambience was a four star, the food was ok, but the prices were pretty steep for the meal we got and the waiter tried to pull a fast one with the salad comment which tainted my experience. My food was good though and like I said, it was great ambience. However, guests should be warned that if a waiter offers you a "house or Caesar salad," know that it's not included with the meal and that will cost you $10 extra dollars.
4	Wife and I had breakfast while we waited for our room to become available. The bloody Mary's were really good as were the egg whites omelets we both had. Service was great and the table overlooking the pool area was a great place to kick off our vacation.
5	I can't believe this place would even get any bad reviews! AWESOME SERVICE- AWESOME ATMOSPHERE AND AWESOME FOOD. The service was outstanding! I went here for my birthday and i had an outdoor dinner. As soon as we walked into Fire N Sky resort we were greeted and our picture was taken by the lobby.The restaurant itself is beautiful and the price is affordable. Our server entertained us the entire night and even the manager came to say hi. I felt like royalty here and highly recommend this place for a casual or formal dinner- especially romantic for couples. Hint: the cheesecake with the berries is the best!
4	This is a very good in hotel restaurant. I am not usually a fan of dining in the restaurants of hotels we stay in because they usually are overpriced for the quality of food and service, but this place was definitely an exception.We were convinced by the super nice hotel manager (Bree?) to try it out whilst in the "wine hour" and since we felt like Italian and were having trouble getting motivated to leave the hotel, why not?Service was good, we had a younger "green" server, but she was very friendly and had a great attitude. I think the manager, who seated us also, might have thought we would like her as our server.The ambiance, just like the rest of the hotel, was very nice. In between casual and formal, with big windows looking out on the very green gardens. It has an open facing kitchen so you get all the excitement of the flambe etc.The food was better than I was expecting. We started with the Grilled Caledonian Shrimp on white beans, full of grilled smokey flavor and a great start. Then I had the Orecchiette with local made sausage... this was phenomenal. Delicately creamy, juicy decadent sausage, with a hint of spice from some chili. I would return just for this. My girlfriend had the Spaghettini alla Amatriciana which I thought was incredible too, her only dislike was the (small) bit of fat on the guanciale. This is just a personal preference though, as i appreciated the fat flavor.I would recommend this place to anyone staying at the hotel, that is a no brainer, I would also recommend it for others too. The property is beautiful and worth the try.
4	I try cannolis at multiple places everywhere I travel and their's was exceptional. I would swing back by here just to grab some cannolis. Give them a try.
5	Went here for breakfast.Dishes:-Crab/egg benedict-excellent with excellent hollandaise sauce-Southwest Omelette-yumBoth dishes had breakfast potatoes were PHENOMENAL! Excellent flavor...one of best breakfast potatoes! Yum Kids eat free for breakfast! Another plus! Lots of workers, including other servers, managers, etc had excellent customer service & always came by to check on us! Glad we choose this place :) Plus, it was conveniently located since we are staying @ the Firesky Resort-
5	What a beautiful outdoor space to have dinner. You feel as if your in a private garden, accented with fire pits and teak furnishings. Best appreciated by candle & moon light! The flavors & assortment of their menu is exceptional. Their "coastal Italian" is true to culture. Incredible service.
1	I rely on Yelp reviews more often than I take the initiative to write one. That will no longer be the case. Like others, we noticed how empty the place was at 6:30 on a Saturday night, never a good sign and  $80 a head later we understood why.  Linguine with clams not much flavor.  Laughing Bird Shrimp Risotto, very bland and soupy.  Orecchiette overpowered by salty "local sausage".  Special on the menu, Gnocchi with Chorizo was just ok. Not the quality we expected.Caesar salad was good but pricey. Tiramisu was served in a chocolate cup, unique and tasty.   Service was slow. Other tables appeared to be hotel guests not locals.
4	My wife and I went here for our anniversary and had a great time... the place is romantic and the weather was good enough to sit on the patio.
5	We had a great dinner at Taggia the other night. Service was personal and attentive. Food was fabulous, we even got to meet the chef! They were able to accommodate my food allergies (which is great for being gluten free at an Italian restaurant). Sitting outside was a total delight. It was so great that we went the next night. We really love this place!
5	Probably one of the best restaurants I've been to in a long time, but it's not cheap to visit.Taggia has recently changed chefs and I believe it is for the better.  The new menu is, although we did have to ask about some of the items on it, delicious and impossible to resist.  We sat outside because it was quieter and we had our own two giant flame-tube heaters which were pretty neat to keep our table area warm in the dark Arizona evening.For appetizers I tried the duck carpaccio (I had the mushrooms swapped for prosciutto) and it was absolutely amazing with a light sauce and spring greens that you wrapped up in the strips of duck with little slivers of olive...so tasty!  I also got to try my bf's meat plate which had the best soppresatta salami I've ever had, prosciutto, and two other meats paired with lightly seasoned and grilled strips of bread topped with sauteed onion bits.  We had this paired with a lovely riesling.Between courses the chef sent us out a plate of his Burrata to try - it was absolutely delicious and had a nice kick to it.  I would have a hard time deciding between that and the carpaccio next time we go.For the main course I tried the rabbit fettucini.  The pasta had a light red wine sauce, my mushrooms were swapped by the chef for lovely sweet peas, the rabbit was done as a confit in such a way that it almost became a chunky sauce for the pasta, and it just tasted so good I couldn't stop eating!  The bf had one of the pizzas, topped with anchovy, olives, capers, and tomatoes and I don't normally like anchovy but it was a beautiful thin crust pizza!  We had an amazing Pinot Noir with dinner.Just fyi by this time the cat on my desk has opened the google chrome help tab six times...this is a very difficult review to type!For dessert, i couldn't decide between the prickly pear cheesecake and the zabaglione...so what did the server suggest?  COMBINE THEM!  Epic win.  Seriously.  Why has no one done this sooner?  It was quite honestly the best dessert ever...cheesecake, with the layer of the prickly pear sauce on top, topped again with the zabaglione sauce, and surrounded by a ton of fresh berries...The only thing keeping me from ordering a second round was the parents were paying for it.....I got to see the tiramisu when my sister ordered it...it was the most unique looking tiramisu I've ever seen - wrapped in a cylinder of chocolate and beautifully done.  Supposedly it tasted phenomenal...after that oober epic cheesecake combo I may never get to try it but I'm okay with that.All in all, I honestly hope they keep the new chef and I get to go again on my next trip to Scottsdale!
5	One of the best restaurants I have been to in awhile.  Each course was better than the last.  Started with Melon gazpacho, charcuterie, ceaser salad and pasta with sausage. The food was truly outstanding!  The service was great.  We sat outdoors on a beautiful December day.  So refreshing to get such good food at a hotel!I almost forgot...the bread budding!  To die for!  With dulce di leche on the side.
4	I go here for lunch quite a bit because I work close by.  The service is always super friendly and attentive. The food is consistently good as well. The half portion pasta dishes are a great size for lunch and I marveled at the freshness of my watercress and shrimp salad last week. Also, the desserts are very yummy. Try the fresh berries and zabaglione!
4	I stayed at the FireSky Resort and Spa, where Taggia is located, for a conference recently and didn't have many dining options being that I was without a car, but fortunately, after eating at Taggia once, I knew I didn't need any other choices.Taggia is easily one of the best restaurants at which I've dined. On my first visit, my colleague and I had lunch outdoors. We were just getting settled into Arizona after our flight, the weather was stunning and we were starving, so Taggia, with its mouth-watering lunch menu and beautiful outdoor seating area was perfect. We shared the burrata and caponata as an appetizer, which was so nice I ordered it twice (again for dinner the next time I came), arugula salad and house burger. Everything was prepared to perfection and scrumptious. I returned for dinner a couple of nights later with a sorority sister who lives in Phoenix. We sat outside again and had a wonderful time drinking and eating the night away. As it was at lunch, the service was exceptional. I will be back for sure!
1	My family decided to dine here on Easter Sunday. We were seated outside, which would've been fine if we were given enough shade. It was warm outside and  we were sitting in the sun with, like, 2 umbrellas. When we asked for additional umbrellas we were met with attitude from our disappointing waitress. The food was bland, small portions were given, and it was expensive. The only nice thing was the area. It's located inside of the Firesky resort, which is beautiful. When the time came to pay, the waitress huffed and puffed when asked to split the check. Overall, the only positive part of the experience was that I now know better than to ever go there again.
3	3.5-4 stars.I had breakfast there twice and the food is decent. The prices are what you would expect for a beautiful resort. The food comes out fast and the service isn't bad. If you're staying at the resort, it's worth checking out.
3	We were staying at the FireSky and honestly we ate here for dinner the first night out of sheer convenience. It was good, but pretty unremarkable. With all of the other great food options in the area, I kind of regret that our laziness led us to eat here and settle for a dinner that was just kind of average. I got the sausage and pepper pizza--I wish it had more peppers and less sausage. I also wish that the crust was thinner and less doughy; it wasn't quite what I expected from a "wood-fired pizza." My husband got the gnocchi and said it was pretty good. The portions were surprisingly large which made my guy happy. I'd say overall, if you're staying at the FireSky and want something convenient, then this is a good bet. However, if you're in the area and looking for a special place to go for dinner, find somewhere else.
3	Food was okay.. Some flavor combinations didn't work together. Also menu is obscure other than the pizza and pastas so make sure your an adventurous eater
5	Our family celebrated a college graduation at Taggia.  We dined al fresco.  Our group had a wonderful staff member taking care of our every need.  Our food was delicious and beautifully presented.  We were able to enjoy our meal at a perfect pace, from cocktails and appetizers to desserts and digestifs.  It was one of those evenings that didn't even need a jacket.  Perfect.
2	Pasta tastes like it was re-heated in the microwave.   Not al dente at all.  Gnocchi is like paste.  Portions are tiny.  Salads are pricey and boring.   Artisan pizzas are dry and bland.  Ate there because we were staying at the hotel.  In this area, there are many better places.
4	A unique take on Italian coastal cuisine. Good use of ingredients. Shrimp Ceviche with coconut is awesome. Lots of good flavors and presentation.
4	Surprisingly good fare, excellent service. I wouldn't have expected the on-property restaurant at Firesky Resort to be great, but we had a $50 credit, so here goes... Started with the charred octopus appetizer. May have been the best octopus dish I've ever had -- cooked perfectly, complemented well by the fennel and peppers. My sausage pizza was really good -- not Federal Pizza or Bianco "good", but really good; thin, crisp, tasty, well-rounded flavors. Server even brought me a small ramekan of oregano when I asked. Wifey enjoyed her pasta with langostines. Since it was our anniversary, they comped us dessert - a lovely assortment of cannolis cleverly garnished with fruits and herbs. Again, thoughtful & creative fare. Good stuff
5	My fiancee and I came here on the night of our engagement to celebrate.  Our server, the manager and the chef all came out to congratulate us.  The staff absolutely went out of their way to make us feel special and the food was excellent.  The experience was very memorable and made it an unforgettable night.
3	We enjoyed our dinner at Taggia and thought that the prices provided an excellent value for the quality and quantity of the food served. The food was visually appealing and the ingredients tasted fresh.  Beverages were flavorful and served at the proper temperature. The timing of our meal was comfortable and there were no issues with the service or our meals.The staff was well trained and worked well together. Our server, Lauren, was friendly and professional, offering several suggestions for our dinners. She made us feel welcomed and comfortable.  She explained the concept of the restaurant and its Italian style menu, while providing attentive service without becoming overbearing. Cheese Plate AppetizerThe appetizer was a generous serving of cold cheese, crackers and fruit artistically arranged on a large serving plate.  It was an appropriate serving for two guests. The samples of cheese tasted fresh and were served with jam, raspberries, strawberries and crackers.  The cheese plate appetizer exceeded our expectations.Escabeche AppetizerThis dish was served cold and was visually appealing with fresh tasting whole shrimp served with the tails still on.  The shrimp had been prepared in an acidic vinegar and citrus sauce and mixed with flavorful herbs.  It was a generous serving of five shrimp that provided enough food for two guests and exceeded our expectations.CouletteThe coulette was a large serving of hot steak artistically arranged with roasted bone marrow, fingerling potatoes, braised escarole and cipolline onions.  It was cooked to a proper medium rare and was an appropriate serving for one or two guests. The meat tasted fresh and exceeded our expectations.Scallop EntreeThe diver scallops were large, served hot and carefully arranged on a bed of risotto.  The scallops tasted fresh and flavorful.  This entree was large enough for up to two guests.  It was artistically created and the taste exceeded our expectations.Gelato DessertThe gelato was served cold and offered a creamy taste of three different flavors.  It was made from flavorful and fresh ingredients.  The serving size was small, but adequate as a dessert for one guest and exceeded our expectations.
5	I love everything Chef Massimo creates. I sat on the patio that faces the pools and lagoon and enjoyed a cocktail and a mouth watering gnocchi. The service was friendly, the food was amazing, and such a fun atmosphere.
5	Amazing ...order off the menu because the chef is awesome. Sauces and noodles from scratch, great pairings, etc.
5	My sister and I are staying at this Kimpton property while doing some local work.The Taggia is obviously convenient, but this restaurant has won us over tonight, despite an odd low point for one of their staff.Allow me to explain...In general, the staff inside the restaurant (and the hotel in general) have excellent customer service.We were seated promptly by a gracious host, and a young man quickly came to our table to introduce himself as the assistant server....  I thought that a bit odd, but I just assumed that he was in training.  he explained and directed our attention to an older gentleman who he said was our server, and then he took our drink orders.We got drinks in short order and sat talking while waiting for the server to take our food order.  We honestly didn't wait a ridiculous amount of time, but the older gentleman did not come to greet us.  After a bit, the younger man returned and asked if the server had taken our orders yet, and we replied that he had not.  He looked immediately surprised and embarrassed.  We didn't think it a big deal, but he apologized and said someone would be right with us.We saw him go to remind the older man, but I heard that server say he needed to take care of the next table that was seated after us.  THAT caught my attention...That could have ended our night there and ruined Taggia for these two diners, but we kept watching as the very concerned young man went to find another server.A young lady immediately came to us, apologized for our wait and looked genuinely concerned and somewhat surprised that we were apparently skipped-ignored by the other server.  No one commented about the man who was supposed to be our server, but they didn't need to.  They remained professional, went the extra mile, and we left feeling extremely happy with the service we received.Throughout the night, we received additional apologies for our wait from a woman who seems to be the manager, the chef came out and greeted us (though it seems he does for all his guests), we were given a small appetizer on the house courtesy of the chef for our wait, and the manager purchased our cocktails (2 drinks that I know are over $10/each) with a final apology.I don't think the man who was supposed to be our server had any personal grudge against us, I think he just thought there was some reason to help the other table first, and his glaring mistake was compensated for by a very caring and professional staff.The food was great too, btw.  :D
3	Met a colleague here for lunch recently.  Located inside the Firesky Resort, this restaurant is a nice little Italian joint that has a nice view of their pool and courtyard.We came here on a Wed around 12 pm.  There were only 2 or 3 tables when we arrived.  We sat down and ordered lunch:Club Sandwich w/Fries, $13http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taggia-scottsdale?select=U586HjZ5vZnKRQkcIO9ojg#U586HjZ5vZnKRQkcIO9ojgSausage Pizza, $13http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taggia-scottsdale?select=HKTmINBakTZ14pnh1lqDmw#HKTmINBakTZ14pnh1lqDmwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taggia-scottsdale?select=SME4BCsSKX8f_bHCcRcMeg#SME4BCsSKX8f_bHCcRcMegThe food was really good.  I had the Pizza....it was huge!  Very large for a lunch portion.  It could easily feed 2 people.  Luckily, it isn't heavy.  The Crust is thin and toppings are not heavy.  It's cooked crispy without asking for it that way, so be prepared for that....if you don't like it crispy, I recommend ordering something else.  The flavor was excellent, especially the Sausage which was amazing.My colleague had the Club Sandwich and he said it was very good.The food and ambiance earns 4 Stars. The service on the other hand gets 2 Stars.  Despite there being only a few tables....it never got packed....the service was very slow.  It took a long time for our food to come out, then it took 20 min for the server to pick up the bill after he dropped it off.  Slow service is a big no-no for lunch....you have to get people in/out quickly.  Luckily, our schedules were clear and we got some work done over lunch, so we made the best out of it.I may have caught them on a bad day....might back to give it another chance.Return Factor - 65%
5	After spending some time, driving around Scottsdale looking for an open restaurant,  we ended up at Taggia. My friend Cindy and had the best Thanksgiving dinner ever on our lives.  The 3 course menu was a great idea and we enjoyed each and every morsel on the plate.  The staff was very attentive. My husband and I will be back in December,  and I am going to take him there.  Can't wait to try more of the great food they have. Also,  for being such an exclusive hotel, I was very much surprised by the price point. Overall,  thank you Taggia for making this an unforgettable Thanksgiving
3	Ceased salad was ok.  The spaghettini was really lacking flavor.  Not a lot if choices on the menu. Overall a disappointment
5	My sister and I stayed at the Resort and had dinner twice at Taggia. Had a wonderful server, Sarah , that was very knowledgeable about wine, entrees and especially dessert.  She was charming and attentive and we really enjoyed our dinner because of her!  Food was delicious .  We especially liked the mushroom soup and ravioli .  Loved the cheesecake with prickly pear sauce .
5	After a long hard day of Scrabble, we were looking for a restaurant that was close to our hotel that would suitable for a Valentine's Day dinner.  Taggia is right next door to our hotel and had decent reviews so it seemed perfect but I am still marveling at the delight it was.  We ended bringing a friend who had recently lost her husband so we were a threesome.  Amazingly, the dinner started with a rose and ended with a rose. The setting is gorgeous, a harmonious blend of modern and rustic.   As a welcome, our friendly, solicitous server poured us three glasses of rose wine on the house.  Then came a delicious amuse bouche of lavender scented honey ricotta.  We all ordered the $50 fixed price meal.  The red pepper soup with smoked shrimp and asparagus was  so flavorful, it just made me smile.  My husband and friend ordered the arugula salad/spinach salad which was also good though it didn't have the same explosion of flavor as the soup.  Then I ordered the seafood stew which was in a savory tomato base chock full of clams, mussels, shrimp, and white fish and served with slices of toasted, garlicky baguettes.  I liked it better than the lobster ravioli my husband ordered but I tend not to be a fan of cream sauces.  Finally, my dessert was a perfect circle of dense petite chocolate cake accompanied by sauteed banana, peanut butter, and fresh berries.  To die for!  If that wasn't enough, the server brought giant chocolate covered strawberries with the check and if that wasn't enough, we were each given a long stemmed rose to take home as we approached the exit.  The service was flawless and both the host and the chef thanked us for coming during the course of the meal.   We three were very impressed by the food and the service.
4	Service:  Sooo slow.Food:  Sooooooo amazingly delicious.Yep, folks, so that is the punch line.  The service here was super slow but oh my, the food was sooo crazy good!  I was here earlier this month and I am still thinking about the delicious pasta dish I had here - more on that later.  Given the crazy good Italian food and friendly wait staff, I find myself overlooking the super slow service. Bestie and I started with fried calamari.  The fried version isn't on the menu so you'll have to ask for it.  It was so lightly fried and perfectly cooked.  Note that the calamari listed on the menu is sauteed I think so if you want it fried, be sure to specify that. From there we went for the date pizza "datteri pizze."  Dates, meh, not really my thing but when in the desert, eat dates.  Plus, I wanted to try something different.  Dates, goat cheese, bacon and rosemary makes one heck of a pizza.  This was really good and just when I thought it couldn't get any better . . .Next came the chittara.  What is chittara you ask?  It is a square spaghetti like pasta that adorned with a rich and creamy smoked bacon, green peppercorns, egg-yolk parmesan sauce that will leave you in a state of pure bliss.  One bite and I closed my eyes and nearly slid off the booth under the table to some other world.  Yep, so good and I can't stop thinking about it. Despite being love-struck with the chittara and stuffed from the carbs we closed our meal with a dessert (since it wsa my bday).  We had Taggia's version of a tiramisu which was tasty but not as special as our previous dishes.  Anyway, if I go back to Scottsdale I will definitely go back to Taggia for the chittara and probably get a few items to go too!
5	Delicious food! Partner did a surprise staycation at Firesky and we have dined here for dinner an breakfast. Amazing fresh creative food. A bit of a wait, which I don't mind if the quality is there, which it is. Great flavors and beautiful presentation as well. Portion sizes an prices are also great considering you are dining in a resort.
4	I liked this place.  It was located in the resort I was staying at (fire sky) and after a long day of work I didn't want to leave the resort property.  With that being said, the service was good and the food was good.  Great wine list and homemade pastas!If I stay here again I would eat here, but not go out of my way to come back again.
4	Get the Burrata for sure! Ordered the Power Lunch menu which included soup, chicken pasta (they make their own pasta!) which was delish and cannolis which were amazing too (not too sweet). Overall great food but service was a little slow.
4	The crab benedict was delicious! We only tried the restaurant for breakfast so I can't rate the rest of their menu.
4	This is a restaurant on site  at fire sky, it's pricey and has an Italian themed food style, lots of attention, went for pizza, upscale pizza, not a kids taste, fresh baked or heated bread. Attentive service
5	This is my second visit to Taggia. Both times I ordered the Capesante and both times it was delicious. The scallops were perfectly seared and went very well with the bed of risotto, capers and asparagus.Service was also a highlight as Lauren was informative, fun and delightful. I look forward to my next visit to Taggia.
5	First time here and had the scallops which were recommended. Excellent choice and went for the bread pudding for dessert. Brianna the manger was excellent, checked on us and our service a couple of times. I would recommend and I will come back.
5	During a short stay at the Firesky resort we had dinner at Taggia and loved every second of it! Our server Sarah was absolutely amazing and was very knowledgable about every aspect of the menu. She guided us through each course and was efficient and friendly and never made us feel rushed. The stand out dish was the Ossobuco, which was so tender and delicious. The pizzas were all excellent as well. If you're in Scottsdale be sure to check out this gem for great service and great food.
5	This is the best spot for a luxury dining experience in the valley. The romance of a top-notch Italian menu, phenomenal service from a knowledgeable waitstaff who pride themselves on passion for the food they serve make it hard to choose your dinner quickly. I recommend ordering from the set menu for a balanced complete meal. If you have a sweet spot for osso buco, good luck finding a better one locally. Chef Massimo has vision and charisma that only improves upon the timeless classics.
5	The food was amazing and the chef made me a custom order. I appreciated every part of the meal here. Not only is the food cooked to perfection the service was exceptional. They continued to check on me and made sure I enjoyed my visit here. I would recommend Taggia to any guest visiting here.
5	First visit was last night for Thanksgiving.  I was very happy from start to finish. Everyone was friendly and attentive. Our server was wonderful and always at the ready for anything we requested.  The food was amazing.  We ordered the thanksgiving turkey dinner. What we got were thick slabs of turkey, not slices. Everything was delicious and cooked to perfection. And the pumpkin cannoli's were fabulous!  Definitely looking forward to trying their regular menu.
4	Taggia is a restaurant located inside the Firesky Resort, Scottsdale.As cool as the resort itself, Taggia offers sophisticated atmosphere and food options.We had Italian omelet and waffle for breakfast, which was a nice starter of a long day.A nice thing is that they have outside seats facing the main pool, and there resort guests with dogs were chilling out. Really comfy.
