5	The only car warsh I use!! There's free internet while you wait & leather recliner seats.HAND car wash, no crazy machines that would scratch your whip, lots of options for washes, friendly staff, great location.I've been coming to this car wash for about a year & a half, they raised their prices by like $3, but that doesn't stop me.  With the basic Bronze wash you get it all, even a lil air freshener (peach is the bomb).  On average, it does take about 45 minutes to an hour, so come when you have time.In other cases, when I claim my car, I've had to hoover over the attendant that dries it and point out like 20 things that they missed, but when I go to pick up my car, it's all done and done well.  :)I just wish they had bathrooms.
4	Express hand car wash for $7? Sign me up! There are some fancier options such as wax, vacuuming, etc. but I can do those at home.The only downside here was trying to figure out how to get in. It's stuck behind a gas station and when I drove up, there were two employees just standing around staring at me. I pulled up right next to them and asked for service. I would have expected someone to walk up to my window or at least wave and indicate what to do to get my car washed.After handing over my $7, I pulled up to what looked like an automated car wash with a track that pulls the car along. The only automated part involved a gentle rinse, soap and dryer. A few workers followed the car along and cleaned it. I didn't even have to get out of the car!Overall, the value is great. I will definitely go back!
1	If you like being treated like a second class citizen, then this is the place to go. Me, I prefer to be treated like everyone else. I drive a Hyundai, I am female, and at Alamo this is not a good combination. I arrived at 9:15 AM. At 9:45AM my car was still not going thru the wash area. When I pulled in I was the only car. As I was waiting for my ticket a sports car pulled in. I paid my bill went and sat out side. I saw 6 cars come thru and still could not see my car. I checked the time and 30 minutes had gone by. I went inside to see if there was a problem. I was told that every car was an express wash. How long does everyone else have to wait if 30 more cars come through for the "express wash". I said what is the problem, I have noticed all the cars coming thru are caddy's bmw's, and Mercedes. Is my car still not thru because I drive a Hyundai. The cashier got pissed. Well that is what I saw all luxury cars coming thru. My car was still not in line to be washed and a Saturn was next in line. And a note all the customers were men. I was the only female. The cashier states I will see what is going on. Then I see the Saturn being backed out of the line and my car finally getting on line for the wash. Cashier man comes back and tries to tell me they were not reading the numbers correctly. Right. I busted you and that is why my car finally gets to go. I wonder how long I would have sat there if I did not go back inside to inquire. I think I would still be there. At some point (if this express story) is the truth, do the non express cars get washed. What kind of crappy system is this, A bad one. I for one will not be back. This is not the first time this has happened at this place. This is just the first time I finally said something. One hour for a basic car wash is BS. And my car does not look that good. I will not be going here again.
4	They did a good job...I tend to judge it not just by the result but by how much attention the guy is giving your car.  He worked hard, and the interior looked great.  Would definitely return
1	I would NEVER go back!  My husband and I have averaged one visit a month for the past 8 months at this car wash.  But when we went a few days ago, we had a horrible encounter with the business's owner!  We got out of the car after the wash so the employees could finish drying the car and clean the windows.  Our car has exterior visors at the top of each window (which the car wash employees had bent carelessly at the prior visit while trying to dry them with the windows up).  So my husband put the windows down enough for the employees to wipe the inside of the visors without needing to bend them.  He casually explained to me what he was doing as we started walking toward the waiting area.  Apparently the owner was one of the people drying our car and he overheard our private conversation.  He said "I am the owner and we do not dry the insides of windows.  But we will be happy to if you pay the $[15] price".  My husband explained that they did it last time as it is the same amount of work as washing the insides of each window, which we clearly saw them doing to all cars being dried.  The owner immediately copped an attitude saying that they never do that.  My husband said "Sir, can I explain what I mean?" and tried to demonstrate what he was talking about in case there was any confusion.  The owner said no with such a RUDE attitude (completely unprovoked!) that my husband said we would never return.  Then the owner said "Good!".  My husband and I are both business owners, and trust me we know difficult clients, but we were not being difficult and we definitely did not deserve such aggressive treatment...from the business owner!!! Apparently he doesn't realize that customer service is especially important when you have tons of competition down the street.  Never again!!!
4	Funny thing is sometimes you go the same place so often, you don't realize that I haven't yelped about the place yet until somebody else brought it up.I've been bringing my cars to this place for the last 3 years and let me give you a complete picture. PLEASE READ THE WHOLE REVIEW to give them a fair look. During the FIRST YEAR, AHC (Alamo Hand Carwash) was a good place. The price was cheap ($5 for outside wash, $10 for complete), handwash, and they did a good job. SECOND YEAR(2009), the quality went downhill a little bit and price went up a little, but they were better than other place. For 2010, they just went completely downhill from there. The price went up more but the quality went down the drain. Evertimes they were done with my car, I have to show them many dirty spot inside and outside of the car, and sometimes I brought the car home and have to rewashed some places that were still dirty. I felt exactly like Debbie C and basically gave up on this place.NOW HERE IS THE TWIST: Two weeks ago, I happened to drive by the place when my car was extremely dirty, I decided to stop by AHC because their handwash doesn't damage the paint like other places. First time I noticed was that they move the vacumm to the front, after the car wash. Second, they hired a Supervisor to oversee a place. They really took their time and did a very thorough job. The supervisor explained the changes and handed me the key after making sure that I was happy with the result. Man, I was impressed!! But didn't want to rush to judgement, so I brought my other car to the AHC a couple days ago, and ohh boy, they were awesome. Felipe (the guy who greeted and wrote up the service) and the supervisor (Saul, i think) were extremely friendly. I noticed Michael, who replied to Debbie C reviewed last year, was the owner. Michael, if you see this post, keep up the good work. If you continue to provide this kind of service like what I experienced recently, I guarantee more customers will visit your AHC.
4	I went back today after the owner stated they changed the way the cars went through the wash. They did indeed make changes. And it is for the better. It was a much smoother process. They vacuum at the end. They also have someone check your car before you leave. I was very impressed. My car is spotless and very shiny. Thank you Michel. And Thank you to Felipe.
4	Overall I am just happy to find a real car wash by hand, no machines because I'm tired of driving to Oasis on the east side!  This is a small place but good customer service.  A little odd when I got there I was offered a "so called" mother's day special for waxing with a fee wash for $39.95, but when I left the manager told me to bring it back again and quoted the same price! LOL No worries, you don't really need to wax my car, so my husband told me after I got home. They did a good job outside and took their time, like 45 min.  I liked the computers and couches inside as well as the free drink in the Arco next door.  They won my heart as I left to get into my car and the manager carried and installed my baby's car seat!  Awwww  now that's service.
5	Alamo is amazing! I was devastated when WashWorks went out of business, so I yelped and found Alamo - and they're ten times better.  The staff is so friendly and funny, free internet use while you wait, free coffee, and best of all: MASSAGE CHAIRS! The massage chairs are sooooooo relieving, too; not the cheap chairs you get at the nail salon, either. TOP quality massage: $1 for 3 minutes or $5 for 15 minutes. AHH! Love it. Price is comparable to Washworks, too.
5	First, thank you to the Yelpers who recommended this gem. I waited to get the 2nd wash to review. Both were outstanding. Easily the best car wash in Vegas.
5	Went today and was greeted by the friendly staff. Great car wash - Manger's Special only $39.99 for a wash and hand wax. Car came out great and staff was the best I have ever came across at any car wash. Free Internet!
5	Outstanding.  Thanks to other reviewers for recommending this place.  I got the cheapest hand wash ($16) and it was great, far exceeding my expectations.  It also included a thorough interior cleaning.  Plus they have a comfy air conditioned indoor area for you to relax in, complete with Internet access.
5	My favorite car wash in town. Been coming here for a couple years and I will never go anywhere else. Consistently I get great service, I have never had to ask for someone to go over an area of my car again. I'm very OCD when it comes to the cleanliness of my car, and it makes me nuts if I get in my car and the console is still dirty after a carwash. When your car is done the manager comes over and checks the cars himself before giving the keys back to the owner. Prices here are reasonable, I usually get the hand wax and leather conditioner. Also the other reason I come here is they are 100% hand wash. While you are waiting, they have free wifi and computers in their waiting area, but I like to sit outside in the covered patio area and drink my coffee.Felipe and Raul are awesome. They always remember my name, and give me the biggest, warmest greeting every visit.
4	I bought a new car, I was very impressed with the big wheels. (Mid-life crisis , one might ask) but apart from looking cool there is another feature. You can't drive through a car wash. What to do? Yelp.Alamo Hand Car wash seems to fit the bill. When I get there it's a sort of hybrid operation, there's a tunnel with a track but there are guys in the tunnel washing by hand. Track? Aaaaaargh tire won't fit . No problem! "Custom wash sir?"," Ok" says I. $35! Yikes! Gulp, won't tell wifee. Nice waiting area, big soft leather/pleather sofas, massage chairs, computers and outside is almost a resort. Beach chairs, umbrellas, just need a margerita.The wash is good and very fast, big crew doing a good job. Shiny, smells nice. Very good.I think $35 before tip is a little high so 4 stars.
5	Very friendly!! Great service!!  Comfortable waiting room to wait in for your car to be done.   It has massage chairs,  foot massagers, and internet . They have a punch card, and after your 8th wash with them you get a 20 dollar car wash for free!  It was my first time and the armor all'd my car for free!! My car came out spotless and it smelled great, even before I put my air freshener in it! My favorite part, when your car is ready you are not honked at or have to be on the look out for waving rags, they come and get you by name!! It is very professional.   I will definitely be back!!
5	I read the other reviews on here and thought "Geez, it's a car wash, calm down people..." Nope. They're all correct. The very friendly, very kind (might be the kindest person I've ever met) attendant set me up with the "manager's special," which was a hand wash & wax for only $44. I'm the type of person who believes if you want something right, you do it yourself, so for the first ten years of my life I hand washed & waxed my cars at my home. Now that I live in an apartment, I can't do that, so I've just been squeaking by with car washes and never am really satisfied with the results.Alamo blows them all away. They do a better job in an hour than I did myself in two hours at home. Windows are all streak-free, no drips by the rear view mirrors, no leftover wax and the cupholders were crumb-free. They found a Starbucks card I had lost about a year and a half ago. Go here. It's worth the money and they do an amazing job. The employees are all very friendly and helpful. There's free wifi, complimentary water, massage chairs (I'm kind of wary of all public massage chairs but these looked clean), computers to use, TVs and a lot of different areas to sit (inside and outside). I will be back, now that I know I can get my car looking spiffy for a reasonable price.
4	I've been here a few times now and my car always comes out spic and span.  I think I pay like 15 bucks for the regular wash and interior vacuum.  I'm always confused when I first drop off my car.  On a couple occasions the guy there just sort of stood there awkwardly.  Luckily, it's pretty straightforward - just drop off your car, tell em what package you want, then walk to the building inside where you can pay and wait for your car.  The waiting area is pretty nice - they have computers for you to browse the net while you pass time and crazy strong foot massagers (lol, what?)Anyway, they do a pretty great job.  Windows are always streak free and my car always smells fresh.  I always get my dashboard cleaned too (with armor all - I'm not even sure if it's included in the package I get or not!)  All for a pretty good price (they do the job in 20 minutes... something that would take me 2 hours at home!)  Can't ask for more!
4	We decided to try this carwash after all the good reviews i read.   We went and they had the manager's special for $44.95 regular is about $70, they clean your car inside and out they  detail it { not a full detail by the way, but good enough} And they also wax it.  I was impressed by the customer service.  Saul the supervisor was very nice and explained to us everything they were gonna do, and where and when to pick up our car.  The office is nice  and clean, they have computers you can use while waiting and some massage chairs.  They also have some lounge chairs and umbrellas outside.   all in all we were very happy with the job they did we will be back.
5	Great people! Very friendly. Also Great service!As soon as I drove up I had two people greet me. One person suggested I get my window chip fixed which insurance covers if you have full coverage. He went to work immediately. Afterwards he passed my car to the people that handwash your car.They sprayed my rims, water blasted my car, soaped it down, then passed it through the rest of the wash where they soaped it for a second time. Rinsed and air blasted dried. At the end they have workers that clean your tires and make sure everything is dried. I got the express wash which was 11$ Exterior wash + rims. Which is cheaper than all the other car washes I've been to.
1	It was a busy day for Alamo, I understand, but my negative experience should not be overlooked. A quality & professional car wash should be able to handle a busy work load without dificulty. Felipe gave me a not-so-warm-greeting and after I said "Silver Wash" (19.95) he looked annoyed that I wasn't spending more money. After he gave me my ticket without a word (I don't think he said a single word to me), I sat down to watch what order my car would go in. Sure enough, a car that got there after me, in the regular line, was lined up to go into the wash first. I mentioned to Felipe that my car was there first....he blurted that he could not do everything. I sat back down. The runner that pulled the cars in seemed to have no procedure to what he was doing. Also, he was yelling at the car washers that were apparently complaining, "You can just quit if you don't want to work anymore!". Very unprofessional. I got up and told Felipe, "No thank you", got in my dirty car and drove away. I'm disappointed that Alamo wasn't on their game and could not provide any quality service.
5	What nice, helpful friendly folks. I will be back! Comfy couches to wait in the air conditioning too! Great prices!
5	Alamo does a great job -- thorough with great attention to detail, and at a reasonable price.I'm very picky with my cars -- I normally wash and detail them myself and can spend 3-4 hours getting it just right, but my life has gotten busier (in a good way) so I've been looking for a high quality hand wash in Vegas.I went with the manager's special that does a wash and wax, and also added  interior detailing (since my car is very new). Not only was every part of the process done with attention to detail, but at one point I counted three employees working simultaneously on waxing, wheels, and interior. I've paid detailers twice as much to get the quality of service I'm getting at Alamo.BTW, it's worth noting that all the employees are very friendly. From Phillip (I think he's the owner or manager?) to the cashier, to the attendants who washed and dried my car, everyone was extremely friendly. I also like the amenities in the indoor waiting area -- leather seats, 4-5 free-to-use computers with internet, TV, and even a foot massager.I live in Green Valley so Alamo is out of the way, but the extra drive is definitely worth it!
5	I despise maintaining care on my car. I'm totally a girl about it. So if a car wash can make me write a rave review, you know it's awesome!Their waiting room: Complimentary use of computers and internet, a 12oz choice of beverage at the AM/PM next door with purchase of a car wash, leather massage chairs, comfortable couches, water, magazines to read, TV to watch, and foot massagers. Amazing and ingenious for someone to make a car wash waiting room this comfortable. I don't know if car washes get more male or female customers daily, but from a girl's point of view, we really appreciate these amenities Alamo provides. Unless it's a convenience of location or price, why would I go to a Terrible's, buy my own coffee, and wait outside to just watch my car being wiped down? Especially in the heat of summer...Did I mention it's 100% hand wash? Alamo also provides a seating area with a few chairs/tables if that's still what you prefer.I think the only thing that didn't sell me on is the service. It wasn't bad service at all, just not great service I read about on Yelp. When I was choosing what car wash to get, the man didn't try to upsell me. I'm a girl, he probably could've sold me on a more expensive package. He just rang up my order and directed me inside. Before I knew about the complimentary drink you could get with my car wash, I asked the cashier what was nearby, whether it was a Starbucks or restaurant I could walk to. She looked at me cluelessly, spoke Spanish to a fellow employee, then just suggested I go next door to AM/PM to get my beverage. I appreciated the free coffee I did get, but I just thought the employees would be more outgoing and knowledgeable. I still can't give them anything less than 5 stars, though. I'll see how the employees are my next trip. Nonetheless, my car looked great and I thoroughly enjoyed (for once!) coming to this car wash. My vehicle might get cleaned much more often now that I've found this place.Very glad I tried Alamo today!
5	After my bad experience and bad review, one of the owners contacted me to let me know that the issues had been addressed. I gave Alamo another chance and it was soooo much better from begining to end. The employees were friendly and gave good service. My Jeep was done in a timely manner. I have already reccommened them to a friend and will be coming back today for another wash. Thanks to Mike for making things right.
5	Everyone here is welcoming and kind. My car always looks like it just came off the lot.
5	Glad I tried Alamo carwash. I have tried many of the "hand" carwash's in town and have had hit and miss type results. Today's experience was "spot on". Was greeted up front by a very knowledgable supervisor and was provided answers as to the different packages. Once I decided on the service I wanted (45.00 wash and hand wax) I was told it would take roughly an hour and given a ticket and asked my name. i was asked once by a young man if i wanted my windshield repaired, I declined and was not asked again, which is normally  a problem at other locations. I went inside and was greeted by a very friendly cashier who explained about the free beverage and the punch card for a free 20.00 wash after 8 washes. I was amazed to see several detailers working on my car during the process. They were very thorough and had an excellent eye for detail. What really sold me was the fact that the supervisor checked the car after it was complete, he then came over and addressed me by name and informed me that my car was ready, no yelling honking or waving of a towel. He asked me to look it over and asked if I was satisfied. The car looked beautiful. No streaks in the windows, no greasy residue on my dash...and great ...no make that incredible customer service. I will not take my car to any other location as long as the service continues to be this good. I would recommend this place to those of you in Search of great service and a great wash and appreciate being taken care of by professionals.
4	I'm so picky about my car that if I had the means to wash my car on my own, I would. Since I have no other choice, I try to find the best wash I can.  I was pleased with the work done here for a $15 job. The guy was as thorough as I've experienced anywhere for the money. They didn't put that horrible sticky amour all type of stuff on my interior. They closed my sunroof before washing, it was slightly cracked open and I'd forgot about it. I usually ask for no air freshener but whatever they used here was very pleasant smelling and not too strong. I couldn't get the wifi connection to work though.
5	The service here is beyond amazing. We got the $45 special and these guys worked on our car for more than an hour. Very meticulous! My husband, who is usually picky with car washes, was so impressed he brought our other vehicle the next day to get serviced on. The whole staff are friendly and wonderful; they really care about giving the exceptional service (unfortunately a rarity these days) and establishing good rapport with customers. Highly recommended!!!
4	So, I have only been here once, but so far, I like this place. I recently bought a car, and only wanna get my car hand washed. I found this place on here, and the reviews were AMAZING. So, I thought, let's try this place out. When I went it wasn't crowded at all...maybe three other people there. Since it was my first time washing the car since I bought, I opted for a semi-complete detail. I got the wash n wax special for $45, and also got the interior dressing process, which added $10. So the price was decent. I will say the only thing that was weird to me was that their "wax" process was them spraying this wax solution on the car with a spray bottle, and then wiping it in with a rag. I'm used to a car wash place using an orbital buffer to do a wax....Maybe there are two types of ways to wax??But anyway, they did an amazing job. The car was spotless. The had five people working on the car at once, which in my mind made me feel like a king...when in reality, since they weren't that busy, they had the manpower for lots of people to work on one car at once lol.I recccomend this place to others...most def. On a sidenote, I think I may have offended the Manger that looks over the vehicle before they call you over. When they called me, I walked up to the car and did a walk around and made sure everything was nice and clean, and when I handed him the reciept he said, "You don't need to do that..that is my job; to make sure everything is clean for you." I apologized and smiled.....so embarassed :)Next time I think I will get the shampoo detail package!
1	After getting an express car wash my windows were all scratched up. It was a long deep scratch in my passenger's window which was extremely noticeable. I was disappointed in the service because I thought it was going to be great due to the reviews. I think it was the cloth they used to wipe down my car afterwards that ruined my windows. There was a soap stain down the side of my car. Absolutely disappointing. They rushed the wiping of the car.
5	I never write this thing for anyone, but i had to for Alamo car wash for sure because of how they impressed me! Manager here is fantastic, he knows what a customer needs. I came here without any expectation, and he offered me lots if special along with free computer, coffee, and the option to get discount yes of course the air freshener. He was incredibly kind and pointed me out the strain from air paint on the entire car. He showed me their special towel and offered me to use it for free which is supposedly $60 something. Staffs were fantastic also an did the great job! I have been to numerous car wash places in Vegas for last five year and never had once a caring place as Alamo. I couldn't be happier than this with the job they have done and how kind they were. This truly made my day. If one thing I would like to advise(?) for the better business, when I first pulled over, the guy who handles the price on the car wash did not say hi or how are you at all and just told me '$8 please' (I guess I pulled in the line that is fastest and cheapest by accident), it would be so much worth to train him to be a little more kind and knowledgeable in order to make the business perfect! (one person can ruin rest's effort). However, overall, I am extremely happy that I found this place near by my house and will definitely come back until I have to move somewhere! haha
5	I drove to Las Vegas from California to meet potential clients and wanted my car (BMW 5 series) to look it's best.  My car has light tan leather interior and gets marked up pretty easy.  I explained to the service man what I wanted and he came thru 100%!  I had the car washed and hand waxed with the interior leather cleaned and detailed for an amazing price.  The staff is professional and very friendly.  I wish I could find this type of business in Orange County.  I highly reccomend this place to anyone who wants their auto to keep looking it's best!
5	Very nice car wash,they take pride in there work. Free Internet, places to sit outside and inside. I am very fussy I normally will do all the work on my own this is one car wash place I trust with my vehicles. Remember you get what you pay for people been here multiple times NEVER DISSAPOINTED.
5	I love this place.  You drive up, the nice man greets you by name, which is an adorable touch, then you are ushered to a comfy chair inside or outside where you can read a magazine, watch tv or just fall asleep while you wait for a car.  The first time I went, the guy who gave me my car back told me they had scraped off some old sticker glue on my car and vacuumed extra hard to get all the dog hair off of it.  I will always go  back.  I am so happy I learned about the free drink thing from Yelp!
4	Excellent car wash. My car travelled from Maryland to las Vegas. By the time it got here it was filthy with dead bug juices and dirt all over. After a thorough wash the guys came and scrubbed more crap off the car. This was the best car wash ever! It's been three weeks and my car still looks good. Thank u Alamo menzssssss!!!
5	The best service I've ever gotten at a car wash. The staff is friendly and did a great job. They keep your plate number on file so when you come back they know what services you got the last time you where there. The waiting room is nice with Internet. My car never looked better.
5	I'm preparing to sell my car, which has been sitting outside getting crapped on by birds and hit by the sprinklers nightly. It had hard water spots that I was unable to get rid of, even with an orbital buffer. I called Alamo and they promised they could get it looking great if I ordered the full detail. So I did. They did an excellent job - cleaned and shampooed the carpets, treated the leather, armor-alled the plastic and vinyl, steam cleaned and polished the entire engine, and buffed out all the spots, leaving it looking amazing. I'll be parking it in the garage until I sell it; it would be a crime to let it get dirty again after looking like this. Otherwise I found the service to be excellent, and the work to have great attention to detail. The waiting area looked pretty great, but I had a friend pick me up so didn't get a chance to use it.
5	I have been coming to Alamo Car wash for many years. Even before the Walmart on Rainbow was ever built. With any businesses that stay open and successful it just proves that the price and service is one of the better ones in the valley. I remember one incident i had just gotten a large drink i took a turn fast and sharp and the drink goes spilling all over the passenger side. The first thing i do is drive myself over to Alamo for a good detailing and they do a fantastic job considering it only cost me $15 dollars every time i go. They make a chore that would take me a few hours to do only take 20 -30 minutes. The fact that they have several workers wiping and detailing every crevice of the car. Even the cup holder with all the miscellaneous build up they managed to take car of. I also noticed that they have a supervisor check the work before they call the owner over for pick up. By the way nice touch on referring to us by name. Great customer service. They also have internet, TV's, massage chairs. practically all the conveniences that your home would have. It makes the waiting room feel like your living room and you don't feel like you're waiting at all. They have many incentives such as refer a friend  and get a free wash and even a stamp card that i use.
5	Awesome!
5	We drove Hwy 93 down from Boise ID yesterday, over ice-packed roads & a snowstorm, and our car was absolutely filthy, requiring just $3 extra.They got it spotless, as if I'd had it detailed, all for the $15 +$3 + the tip!If we ever again drive from Seattle to Las Vegas, I'm going to straight to this place.  Excellent!
5	I took my Challenger there today on the recommendation of a co-worker.  I was impressed immediately when the guy told me that my wheels (staggered) would not fit through the wash, but they would be able to hand wash it and then pull it around to be hand dried.  I appreciated that they weren't willing to take a chance of damaging my car, but gave me options.  The lounge is awesome and comfortable.  The staff did an excellent job on my car.  I am on my way to meet with other Challenger owners, so I needed it to look awesome, which it does!  Thanks Alamo...I will be referring you often!Since my initial review, we have been taking two cars here a week.  Every week.  Today, we just had time to get the Express Wash on one of them.  We sat and watched as they took car after car before us.  We sat there for 25 minutes and still hadn't moved.  We asked the gentleman if we had to wait because we were "Express".  He said we did.  This is "Express"?  We backed up and asked for our money back.  The girl was courteous about giving us our money back, but she didn't try to make it right first.  Alamo lost our business today.
5	The only place I go to get a car wash .. They do such an amazing job and everyone is so nice .. The best part ? Free car wash with a yelp check in .. It's not a half ass job either just coz it's free .. Felipe the one that greets you when you go for a car wash was so kind even though I wanted a "free" car wash he even gave me a coupon that if it rains within 3 days they'll wash it again FREE of charge .. Definitely check them out ! Highly recommended !
5	One of the beast at washes I have been to
5	Love this place.  $8 external wash with hand wipe down!  Score!
5	First time bring my Jeep there. They did great job. Later the same day I returned with another Jeep. Still did a great job. It's my new  favorite car wash. I will take the extra drive to get there.
4	Let me preface this review by saying I used to show cars and had my own professional detail supplies and equipment for preparing the cars for a show and daily maintenance.  The people at Alamo were all very courteous and efficient. The process from dropping the car off to paying to pick up was simple and efficient too. I had my carin and out in under 45 minutes on a sunny Saturday afternoon and the place was pretty busy. I consider this a very reasonable wait for quality service that I can no longer do myself due to living in a hi-rise. Overall they did a very nice job for a "quick wash" type place. I chose the Gold wash package this first visit for 23 bucks so I could get a feel for their work quality. The attention to detail is definitely there overall and the use of the air compressor after the wash and dry is nice to have and a must, in my opinion. They could pay a little more attention to the wheels and were a little heavy handed on the tire dressing (which will eventually spin off on the paint).  The paint looks great with no water spots or towel marks. They show up easy on my black car so well done in that department. The vacuuming was done well with only a few spots missed. I used to use a lint roller after vacuuming but that's just me being crazy and can't expect these guys to do that. Interior and exterior glass is streak free even in direct sun...hard to do without quality product and patience. Door jams were wiped fully. One thing to be aware of is the rear plate area...blow that out extra, water accumulates there and then will run down the bumper. I plan to return for a more thorough detail this month to see how they do in that aspect.In summary, so far (and I've been to several) these guys are the best place in town for this type of quick wash service. I'm giving 4 stars right now and will update this and my rating over the next couple visits. I know efficiency is important (read: getting cars in and out quick) but I assure you that people such as myself do notice the details and a 5 star rating will be forthcoming if you can just take it up a notch. Keep up the good work!
5	I'm picky about my car, and don't mind paying a little more to make sure it's cleaned right...and for a hand wash.  The prices were actually a little cheaper than other car washes I've tried in the area and they did a great job.  Too many times (even when you pay for it) the wheels are left with brake dust all over them...the employee that cleaned my car took the time to make sure that all the details were taken care of...including the rims.
5	My car desperately needed a wash.  It's dirt on top of dirt.  Finally, I yelped and Alamo had rave reviews.  I called to see if they were busy and the nice lady said to come on in (It was a Saturday afternoon), that right now is a good time.I got there, drove my car to the area where it pick my wash type, and the gentleman was explaining to me why my car should get a hand wash vs. letting it go on the conveyor belt because of how low my car is, it may get scratched.  With getting a hand wash, it's more expensive, but it's much safer.  I opted for the hand wash, plus the bronze package (I think).While I was waiting for my car to be ready, there were computers for me to browse the net, tv for me to watch, cup for me to go to the gas station in walking distance to get a drink, and nice sofa chairs for me to sit.  I also got to chose a scent, and Peachy Peach is now my favorite scent.$22 and half an hour later, my car came out shining under the sunlight, the interior is cleaned, my tires are no longer gray, but silver.  Oh yes, it's 22 bucks because I saved 8 bucks by checking into Yelp, and showing the nice lady my check-in offer.Will be a returned guest.
5	The best car wash experience ever.  My vehicle has been outside for weeks and was covered with pine tree pollen and sap.  Alamo cleaned my vehicle to showroom new condition.  Alamo uses an air compressor and blows out all of the window and mirror crevices to make sure that water does not run down the vehicle.
5	Getting my car detailed. I love this place. Always remember me and they give specials if you are a repeat customer! Not to mention they play great old school music in the waiting area. Relaxing outside on a nice day while my car gets washed! :)
5	Best car wash hands down. They really take care of your car and great customer service. I use to wash my car myself because I did not trust anyone else to wash my car. But Alamo has saved me 3hrs of my own time a week because of their "TRUE" hand car wash and for the best price in town.
1	Since my initial review, we have been taking two cars here a week.  Every week.  Today, we just had time to get the Express Wash on one of them.  We sat and watched as they took car after car before us.  We sat there for 25 minutes and still hadn't moved.  We asked the gentleman if we had to wait because we were "Express".  He said we did.  This is "Express"?  We backed up and asked for our money back.  The girl was courteous about giving us our money back, but she didn't try to make it right first.  Alamo lost our business today.
5	These guys are the real deal! I was totally impressed with their whole operation. They run it like a well oiled machine and the finished product was a beautifully shiny clean car inside and out. I have had my Xterra washed several times elsewhere since Christmas, yet I still had needles in the crevices from putting my Christmas tree inside. These guys got them all out and without me even having to point them out. To be honest, I had just expected them to miss them. I live on the other side of town and will make the drive just for the service.
5	They are PROFESSIONALS and at the end the Manager comes to inspect the car!!!!There's free internet while you wait & leather recliner seats.
5	They did an awesome job. Had my car looking like new. Bought the Yelp deal. I wish it was closer to my house. I'd go there more often.
4	I desperately needed a car wash but didn't need my interior done so I liked how they had an option to have a detailed exterior wash only. They were super quick and efficient and my car looks great!
5	Let me first off say my car is about 4-5 from the ground so it's pretty low.And my Rims are 18x9.5 so they are stretched!!! This is my first time here and I've been to many car wash, but this one beats then all. From me arriving until I left the lot. The works to the facility were great. I couldn't be more happy. They were working on my car for 30 mins!! Good car wash takes time!!! I would come here every time from now on.
1	WARNING!!!!I found and choose to go here because of all the great reviews and i was looking forward to posting a great review... Well you all are tripping!!!! That's the nicest way I can put it... Got there and told the man it was my first time @ Alamo, he then try to up sell me and tell me that my car had rust on it and it needed and really recommend a hand wax witch was $20 more. First of all it's a brand  new SRT8 300! Rust? I don't think so, my car just needed some TLC. Anyways ended up just getting the $22 (something like that), told him that I wanted to use there deal that they offered on Yelp $20 check in and pay only $15, $5 off he then told me that I could not use it for that car wash that I had to do a downgrade if I wanted to use the deal they offer on Yelp. I told him that people post saying they get the $30 and check in and get $5 off so why can I use it? Then he smacked his lips and let me use the yelp deal... (I should have just left right there)Now let me remind you this is a SRT8 hemi  300 for all of u that know anything about cars! It's my boyfriend baby...  I watched my car getting hand wash then I followed my car to watch them do finish cleaning it... Why is it that right when I'm walking out the door to watch them the man driving my car semi burns rubber!!! WTF!! I couldn't believe it... It blows my mind! It's not like he was driving more then 25 ft! So at the end I do a walk around to check my car and there were still bugs all on the font of my car smudges of nasty things and bird poop all around my car but they cleaned some of it up.. It's almost 100 Degrees out side at this point I'm tired and feel really annoyed that I have to do this.OH  it gets better there a smash to the font of my car that was never there before!!! My boyfriend is gonna be FURIOUS! i pointed out the smash to my car and he said "it looks like someone hit it" NO you mother f#%^er you guys did it! AND  there scratch marks all over my car that was never there before!  (See pic, black car) man!! I can't believe this just happen. I got home a hr ago but finally got done trying to finish wiping it and taking off as much dirt that I could.
5	They did such a great job. I came back today for the third time and I just like how nice they are, how thorough their cleaning is and how I can get my free coffee every time!
5	Went on yelp for the deal and saw all the good ratings and checked it out...WHOA LA! Yelp strikes again!My car came out brand spanking clean. Inside and out. They even offered to fix the crack on my windshield. Everyone was friendly and the free air freshened (I got the cotton candy scent) was a major plus! And I even got a receipt that will give me a FREE exterior car wash if I recommend someone to Alamo! Cool :)
1	Stopped by here for the first time around 5:15pm on 5/23, and was told that because they had very few cars today that they were offering a "manager's special" for $44.95 that included a "full mini detail inside and out and hand wax". In hindsight, I should have asked for a itemized list of what this included but it was the end of the day and I was tired. In reality, he should have offered.Up until I picked up my car, the rest of my experience was good. The inside waiting area has numerous computers available for use, a TV, comfortable seating, and everything else you would expect to find. There is also shaded outdoor seating which I opted for.When my car was ready, I noticed a few issues that were overlooked on the outside; I brought these to the attendant's attention, and he tried to care of most of them while making excuses. When it came to the water spots, he had some trouble. I'll admit that water spots are a particular nuisance with our hard water in Las Vegas, but when I returned home I was able to easily remove the "problem areas" that he previously had issues with using a simple shammy and water combination.The inside, upon initial quick inspection, looked good. As I drove away and the sunlight hit the car in a different way, I started to see what simple issues were overlooked inside; mainly, fingerprints left over inside the rear windows and mainly the rear deck window which looked like it had not been cleaned at all. I drove back and asked them to clean the windows, which they did.I left again and as I'm driving home I start to notice other issues; the trim on the dash has fingerprints, and there's some sort of dried liquid overspray from some cleaner that they had used on the door speaker grills. When I get home and I'm using the shammy and water combo to clean the hard water problems, I also find that the wax hasn't been properly wiped down and cleaned off afterwards, and around contours and of course edges the wax has accumulated and is making the paint look dull. I end up wiping down the entire car with the shammy and it comes out black.By this time of course they are long closed for the day and I don't have the kind of time it takes to return another day to complain. With all of the positive reviews that this business has received on Yelp, I was very surprised at their posted standard prices, what's included in their standard packages, and obviously the quality of their work. Their "manager's special" didn't seem to be anything but a typical upsale (they saw me coming from a mile away, tired and not paying attention).I won't be a repeat customer.
4	First time here ... love it.  They did such a great job ... very thorough ... will definitely be bringing my car back!
5	Even though this is 20 minute drive just for a car wash it is well worth it.  They take their time and really make sure there are no water spots or anything else that makes you shake your head in disgust when you see your car when you get home.
4	Since I live on the Southeast side of town, it's a trip all on it's own whenever I decide to get a car wash. None the less, they do a GREAT job and best of all, it's touchless- so you don't scratch your beloved car's paint.You drive your car around the back and choose what type of wash you want from a large overhead billboard. They don't allow you to drive your car through the wash. There is a waiting area with computer and internet access, and massage chairs. They also have complimentary water. My car looked good when it was finished. I pointed out a spot that they missed and they were more than happy to fix it right away. Now if only there was a location closer...
5	This place is the best !!!Customer Service is amazing and the car always looks perfect !!They always do an awesome job, I will not bring my car anywhere else !! You willNOT be disappointed !! Keep up the great work ladies and gentleman !!
5	I use to go to a place that claimed to be fabulous, but the lack of consistency and mediocre supervisors made me look else where. I found Alamo using yelp and have been using it ever since. I like the fact that they take the time to input your name in to their system and use it every time you get your car washed. The wash itself is outstanding, they truly are an outstanding car wash. My car came back clean and waiting for it is easy also. They have indoor and outdoor waiting areas. The inside has computers and TVs and plenty of place to sit. The outside has shade, so either way you are good to go. Now for the car wash...It's very easy. You pull into the back and pick your wash and then your car is taken into the tunnel for a touchless wash. You can track it through the windows inside. Once it comes through they use microfiber towels to dry your car. Each part of your car gets it's own towel, which is color coded so they don't use a towel on your window which they just used on a wheel. So over all, this is the only place I bring our cars.
3	All in all, I thought they did a pretty good job.  That said, as for the not so good stuff...  For starters, the cashier entered my name as David - My name is Edgar! How did that happen???  As for the final product (my SUV), they did not get some of the bug guts off of my windshield and front bumper/grill headlights area (I had just come home from a trip to Cali).  There were also some streaks on the inside of my windshield and side view mirrors.  Just keeping it real.
5	Reasonable prices, and do a really good job end to end. Seem to pay a lot of attention to detail and clean all they spots and dirt in sight. They also have a stamp card for buy 10 washes and get a premium silver wash for free. Nice added value.The entrance is behind the ARCO Am/Pm and easily missed.
4	I recommend going to Alamo Hand Car Wash.  My car always comes out looking shiny and spotless.  I've never had to complain about any missing spots. The employees are friendly and the wait area is very relaxing...with computers to surf the internet to massage chairs.  The prices are reasonable and you can also get a complimentary drink from AmPm....that's a big plus in my book.
1	I tried out this place, like many, earlier today (between 4:30 - 5:30) due to the effusively positive reviews here. Unfortunately since my experience was so out of whack with what I've read I decided I would christen Alamo Hand Car Wash with my first Yelp review.I chose an exterior/interior clean + seat shampoo package for $59.95. The array of options they offer is vast: everything from a simple exterior wash to waxing and detailing. Though I was tempted to splurge and go for the full monty at $120+, the issues I had with the lesser package alone made me glad I went small as a trial.After about an hour the car was unveiled as finished. As I walked around inspecting it one guy from the crew remained, doing touch-ups. The manager was also there beside me as I looked. Everything looked fine until I got to the front. When I peered inside the driver door I noticed the steering wheel appeared untouched, marred still by the unsightly ring of grime it had when I brought it in. I pointed it out to the manager and asked if they'd cleaned it, knowing the answer already. He said something to the crew member, who grumbled in annoyance (something about being unable to clean it) as he sat back into the car and scrubbed the steering wheel. As he cleaned it the manager first said they only used Windex to avoid tarnishing the metallic Mazda seal with chemicals. Then he started talking about how they used an all-purpose cleaner. I believe the cleaner was what the worker used AFTER I mentioned it. The manager said the black finish of the steering wheel made it so the stains would reappear--he claimed they already cleaned it--and that he was having the worker do it again just to show me. But wouldn't you know, the steering wheel is back to its pristine roots. It's a result that I'm unsurprised with considering I've successfully used Armor All wipes to clean it in the past.Driving away I noticed a few other blemishes left over. My center console has three spots of... something... (pictured) that definitely weren't there before. I've taken a cleaning wipe and fingernail to them to no avail. My rear view and side view mirrors have water spots. The rear view mirror also has a couple prominent smudges. Besides the steering wheel they didn't touch the driving stick either. I had to follow up my $60 car wash with a cleaning wipe (also pictured).I'm rating them 1 star for two reasons: 1) It's ridiculous that the most visible portions of the car for a customer were neglected. There's no excuse for not doing the steering wheel. It's what's staring me in the face when I get in my car. And most importantly,2) The spots on my console (damage, essentially, judging by the difficulty I've had so far in removing them).I would be open to revising my rating if they corrected these issues next time and removed the stains they put in my car.
5	Lived here for little over a year.  Alamo Hand Car Wash was recommended by a friend.  Been going there since.  I've only had the exterior express wash for my truck and the results have been excellent.  They do a thorough job with no short cuts.  Great value for the price !
5	These guys deserve their excellent reviews. I came in with an extremely dirty car. Picked a wash and a wax for 45 bucks. They spent a little over an hour working on my car. When they were finished my car looked better than when I first bought it. By every parameter this place exceeded my expectations.
3	When I feel like treating my car to an interior / exterior clean (and I'm too lazy to do it myself), Alamo gets the job done.  I found this place, like several others, on yelp as well.  It's not to far from my side of town - it's located on Rainbow and Russell. Maybe my expectations are a bit high, but sometimes I feel they miss a spot here and there.. just not as detailed as I would like them to be (as far as the interior is concerned), even though there's 2 or 3 people working on your car.  I've had to do cleaning touch-ups here and there myself because it wasn't up to my satisfaction.  Overall, I'm a repeat customer because I think their prices are fairly reasonable.  I get the bronze package I believe, for about $17.00 (basic interior and exterior cleaning). I noticed they did raise their prices a bit.  I like how they have a stamp car (buy 10 washes, 11th one is free) and a 72-hour rain check (exterior will be cleaned for free).  Definite plus!
5	We stumbled upon this car wash while en route to Arroyo Walmart. Big surprise! They offer a basic car wash for only $8, but it's entirely by hand. The machine takes you through the track as the workers spray, scrub, and wash, while paying special attention to the dirtier spots. They also hand towel dry your vehicle. For the price, you get an awesome basic job! I shall update when I experience their full interior/exterior car wash.
5	Like many people before me I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! My car is far to low to take into the machine run car wash which are popular in Vegas (where a guy stands in front of the machine scrubs the front and they call it hand wash). If you have a low car they will do a hand wash, like 100%% hand wash NO MACHINES YAYAYAY!!! I couldn't be happier with this place the manager was sooo nice, the guys that washes your ish is nice, even the freakin people getting their cars washed there were nice OMFG I hit the jackpot of car washes! They did an amaza-balls job and yes I am one of those people that circle my car like a shark who smells blood, BECAUSE I tip very generously and I like it done right... So the hand wash is a little more pricey but chances are if you have a low riding car you can swing the 50 bucks for the wash. Companies like this, that do things the right way restore my faith in customer service.
5	We bring our cars here weekly for the interior/exterior wash. Saul an Felipe are 2 of the friendliest people I met since moving to Vegas. Great customer service overall!  Best wash and wax in Vegas hands down
5	Yelp deal saves you $5! My car was filthy and I didn't want to scrub the leather seats and vacuum and wash it and blah blah. I came here and an hour later my car was like new! Everything was like new.The 5 stars is for the inside too....they have massage chairs, computers and wifi, and TVs, which all conspire to make time-killing a breeze. They stamp your receipt that you can give to a friend for 50% off their first wash, too.
5	They always do a great job with my car.  The best part is that they do not use any machine brushes that would damage the paint.
5	The service is pretty good. As you take your car in, there are staff ready to help you. As they take your keys, you are directed to their office/waiting room. There is a big TV, and big couch, an internet cafe, and a couple of other seating areas. It is very welcoming and very clean. There is a huge window on one side of the room where you can watch your car move through the car wash.Overall, they did a great job cleaning my car (washed, waxed, vacuumed, etc.) in a very timely manner. I would highly recommend this place.
4	Great price and quality of work for that price. They did miss a couple of areas but politely took care of it when I showed them. Given the state of my car im sure were it a smaller job they would have caught it.
5	I have tried so many car washes in this town and find them all to lack an attention to detail EXCEPT Alamo. The customer service here is awesome and you get a terrific car wash for the money. You can use a yelp coupon for $5 off the express wash or get here early for a wax special. They take pride in their work and will take good care of your car. This is a small business that will turn you into a repeat customer.
1	Ok 1 star, one for a good cashier and half for the free coffee. The cleaning is what really matters in this review. The guy who worked on the car "appeared" to work diligently. After watching this guy wipe the same side for about an hour with an empty bottle of carnauba wax I got annoyed and irritated. When they gave the car back to me the driver side had dripping water and dirt on the side. It made me think that  they wiped the passenger side only to make people think they are working on your car for a bigger tip. They also missed the middle console both front and rear rows. I am not coming back. Will have to find a new spot that does a good quality job. This place lost my business.
1	Absolutely unacceptable.I learned about this car wash through Yelp and noticed it was one of only a VERY few with good ratings, so I figured I'd be able to trust it.Like other reviews I've read on here, once I got there, they pulled the whole "your car is too low and won't clear the track, so you HAVE to get our $30 wash."  I drive a Chevy sedan, not a Ferrari.  If my car is too low, perhaps they need a new track installed, because that seems to be a frequent complaint.  If that were my only issue, I would have given it 3-stars.  By the way, the wash was mediocre.  They didn't even clean my rearview mirror.  It had water spots on it when I went in, and it had water spots on it when I left.  I should not have to touch up a $30 hand wash plus $5 tip.Now, my main issue.  I have a panel in front of the driver and passenger windows with the model name of the vehicle, and on the driver's side, that panel is now starting to peel back.  Surprise! Surprise, i found threads from a towel wedged in there.  Where could that have come from?  Hmm.. Maybe the guy drying the vehicle?  I have photos of it, as well, but I'm not sure how to attach them to this review.The mediocre wash I got for the price I paid would have gotten them three stars.  Damage to my MONTH OLD vehicle earns them an instant 1-star rating.If anyone knows of a good hand car wash in Vegas, please let me know, because I can't find one.  I thought I found the diamond in the rough with Alamo, but they let me down.
4	Quick, attentive business and a good express wash.
5	New favorite place to have my cars cleaned. They do a very good job on the Hand wash, and pay good attention to detail when finishing up on the windows and little cracks between everything! And they have a pretty fast turn around time compared to most other places!
2	New to LV and seen the reviews and thought I would give it a try. Service was okay and free coffee is a plus but the actual cleaning was not worth the money I spent. I decided to go for the wash and hand wax deal. Little did I know that I would be wiping the wax off myself once I returned home. They missed big areas on my truck, obvious areas. I will find a new detail shop that pay more attention to the "details."
5	Alamo Car Wash always delivers AMAZING service. From the time you drive in to the time you drive out, AMAZING. I've been to many different  car washes around Vegas and no one beats Alamo. They take pride and always do an excellent job detailing my car. When I drove my 98 Honda they always made her clean as can be...now I drive my 2013 Elantra and she looks brand new everytime I leave. The checkin supervisor knows me by name and always makes sure my car is taken care of. After every service I do a walk through and I've never found anything to complain about. Great service. Great price. Great results.
5	Had to get my Honda Civic Si 2012 washed - it was absolutely necessary and my car was filthy. I did a bit of Yelping and went to the best rated place. Low and behold Alamo did not fail to it's well recognized name. Although the man outside, Phillip? Did not seem very happy to be there overall the experience, pricing etc were right on point. They have a lounge for you to wait with computers and WiFi access a television and cups to get soda from the gas station next door. With the purchase of a car wash you also get a car freshener. I would recommend this place to anyone! My vehicle was ABSOLUTELY spotless! :D I bought the highest one worth $71.99 but was dropped down to $50 and I'm glad I spent it!
4	Very nice job considering I haven't had my car washed in 6 months. My only complaint is they didn't clean my rear view mirror. Would go back but it's 30 minutes out.
5	Still cannot say enough about this carwash, it really is the best in town. They always make you feel welcome and do a great job! I have been coming here for years and haven't had a complaint yet. You guys rock!
5	The people here are always so nice, attentive and value the quality of their work. I wouldn't take my car anywhere else, unless my husband washes it on his own ;) there is a military discount for all you active duty and dependents, and their prices aren't too outrageous. And in my honest opinion, it's one of the only "hand car wash" places that completely dries the car under the shade before moving it out into the sun. I don't know about you but I can't stand water spots! Thanks Alamo!
5	Got myself a free exterior wash after checking in. I went on a Thursday afternoon and was greeted nicely when I pulled up. There was no wait at all, I just drove through and within 5 minutes was all done. The young man even towel dried it too which was a pleasant surprise. It looked amazing afterwards...there's nothing like a squeaky clean car!
3	Good -nice.  As much as I would expect anywhere - nice they had a Yelp coupon to use.
1	I wish you could select 0-stars as the option here. I checked in to the location to get a quote "free 100% hand wash". The rude man taking customers out front (with clipboard) realized I was a new customer going for a free wash and says: "no you can't go car is too low". I am in a standard height Nissan coupe. I said ok... Then just spray it with the hose and "hand" wash it. He says "no you must pay custom price for that "$24.99". They are simply abusing Yelp deals to draw in customers and immediately void the offer and upsell you. Steer clear at all costs.
5	This is my favorite hand wash car wash.  They hand dry my car and do a great job with the interior.  They are never understaffed and I love the free lemon air freshener that I get.  See my photo of their brochure for a list of services with pricing!  Show the cashier your check-in offer for a discount!
5	Been coming here a few times now. I love it. They do an amazing job everytime. Yeah, the first guy you see will try to up-sell you.  But that's his job,  and besides,  who doesn't do that.  No complaints from me!
5	hands down the best carwash ever! the service is awesome, the waiting area is awesome, free massage chair use, free pc use, lounge area is comfy.. the cashier is very nice, overall i had a good experience, i am a regular at Regency Hand carwash but after an off the hook carwash i will be coming back to Alamo instead. They have a 10 stamp deal which i am looking forward to, u have to check in at yelp to get the 16 for $21.
5	Alamo I love you!I've been coming here for years when I lived here and I come back here when visiting the city.Love the yelp deal, love the punch card and customer service.I always leave a happy customer.Thank you!- Miss Yelp 2014
5	1st time here with our brand new car and Very satisfied. Best service, best prices and speedy to it off!! Out car looks great, Took less than an hour for a full detail and shampoo and we didn't even mind waiting in their spacious lobby with computers, tv, massage chairs, coffee, magazines, etc... Our new fav. Car wash :)Oh ya, ask for Mario! he made our baby sparkle
5	This place offers great service.  Took our rav4 in for a silver wash.  They cleaned inside and out thoroughly. I told the manager  I would write a review if they do a good job.  Here it is!
5	A great place to get your car washed at an affordable price. There are a lot of different packages, but I have only gotten the basic exterior express wash which is only around $8. They do a good job thoroughly washing and drying your car so I would recommend this place to anyone needing a quick wash.
5	This is by far the best deal in Las Vegas! I have been to other car wash places but suck. One place even let the soapy water start to dry out in the Vegas sun!! Not this place. This place rocks....especially since it's outside only. My kids (3 & 4) fell asleep and I was going to wake them up. Nope. You wait in your car while you go thru the machine in neutral!! Awesome!! They did an excellent job!
5	First carwash I've been to that vacuum the trunk. Very honest about the service. My car is super clean. Totally worth my $30, tip included.This will be my carwash from now on. I'll bring my older black exterior car here next time for the real test.
5	I love this place!  Haven't been here for a year and they greeted me by name, and knew what I had done the last time I was in. Simple, but how many car wash places take the time to do that. And beat if all they do a phenomenal job!
5	I found this place on Yelp.  I decided to come here instead of Terrible Herbst car wash after reading the reviews.  Since this would be my 1st car wash since moving to Vegas in June 2013, my cars exterior was extremely dirty.  I opted for the lower priced bronze pkg and this place did not disappoint.  My car has never looked better in a long time!  The attendants took their time cleaning the inside of my glass (lots of kids fingerprints) and it came out awesome!  The waiting area is first class, very clean with computers and free wi-fi.I am glad to have found this place and will definitely be a repeat customer!
5	Attention to detail! It's nice to be welcomed by your first name every time. Highly recommended!!!
5	It's an experience like no other. A life changing car wash. A car wash so good, you'll change religions. Bet
4	Great Yelp! deal. These guys do a great job for the most part and the best thing is that there is never a long wait. Only thing they could do better is wipe down the interior more carefully. Will be back!
5	It's not touch less, it's hand wash and so worth it! See my previous review! Love this place!
1	I just went here today all the way from anthem to get my brand new high end car washed this place is a JOKE & a RIPOFF! the guy who was there when I pulled up obviously thinks I'm an idiot!!!I don't want $10k brand new rims & tires on the old rickety track they put it on I asked how much for a hand wash not on the track he replied $30+ and told me that was a "great deal" because "everyone else charges $50 !!!!" REALLY???!!! $50 to wash the outside of your car only? WOW I was born, but it wasn't yesterday this guy obviously thought I was an idiot and as a result this place just lost out on our potential weekly business for 2 brand new cars! ASSHOLE
5	I always come here to get my car wash because of their friendly service! They do a great job and they're pretty fast. It's also right by Cherry Lash and VegasHot!, which are other places I go to frequently. I highly recommend this place if u want a nice, sparkly clean car :)
5	Never an issue when I go! The front manager is always so nice and if there is a rude customer, he apologizes for any argument we might have heard. The people that argue, honestly, must be those people that are never satisfied and want free stuff. I LOVE going to Alamo car wash because I know my car will be taken care of and look amazing!
5	Needed a wash after a long trip to/from Utah... Found this fabulous car wash while driving. Great great job... Very detailed and the team hustles. They made it a point to off all bug stuff from the windshield. Reasonable price for a very detailed job and I'm very fussy about my Car. Thanks and will definitely go back.
3	Do they do a good job? Absolutely. My car always comes out spotless inside and out. So why the mediocre score? I've been going to Alamo for months now and one thing that's always consistent is the gentleman's attitude when you first pull in. When I first came to Alamo to use the free wash yelp check in, he scoffed, kicked his head back, and rolled his eyes. Reading recent reviews, it seems his abrasive attitude is common. With so many mentions of him I'm surprised nothing has changed. But what bothers me most is a recent trip to get my girlfriends car washed, and him telling her that she needs to upgrade to the most expensive package to get the water marks off her car. Telling her with the current package, the water marks would still be there. I'm sorry what?! If that were the case there would be a long line of people from the express wash complaining about water marks. I understand the concept of upselling, but blatantly lying to get someone to upgrade their package is sleazy and wrong. On another note, the windshield repair people are still annoying. They'll try and convince you it's the end of the world if you don't repair a chip and your windshield will explode while driving. I'm exaggerating, but you get the point. After saying no the first 5 times, it starts to get irritating when you have to tell them no another 5 times.Other than that, their work is top notch. I've never had a complaint after my car leaves the wash, and all the other employees I've come across were extremely nice.
5	Did an awesome job with our Jeep Grand Cherokee.  She was trashed inside and out. They did a fast and through job. Best $20 clean in Vegas so far!
4	Overall great value. I got the $7.99 wash. Great job. Quick too! However if you tip the first person you see you'll get to cut in front of other people. It happened to me. The guy next to me tipped the guy and he was able to get into the wash before me. Not cool!!
5	I went to this car wash yesterday after reading the reviews on yelp. I was completely fed up with Terribles and their poor quality and overpriced car wash.When I arrived at Alamo the older gentlemen with the clipboard was probably one of the nicest people I have ever met. Probably because Alamo management has been reading the yelp reviews. He did not recognize me, asked me if it was my first time to his wash, and then offered me the 75.00 deal for 50.00. This deal was a full service hand wash, hand wax, and protectant (ArmorAll) inside and out. I took him up on the offer.When I walked inside to pay for the service I was greeted by a very polite and attractive cashier (a little eye candy goes a long way - LOL).She pointed out all the conveniences like free wifi, 5-6 computers (free), free coffee, and a very nice indoor seating area with nice couches and massaging recliners.When I stepped in front there was a nice canopy and lounge chairs outside where I can watch them detailing and waxing my car.Upon watching my car get detailed I noticed that they popped the trunk and vacuumed. They moved all of the items in my trunk, vacuumed, and placed all the items back exactly where they were - impressive...I have had my car for just over two years and the shifter knob is the most worn part of the interior. Over the past two years the black leather on the knob has turned to a pale grey. When they were done and I got in my car the shifter looked as if they replaced it with a brand new one... I couldn't believe they were able to restore it to factory condition. IMPRESSIVE........They took about 45 minutes for the whole detail. My car looked brand spankin' new again!!!!I will definitely keep going to Alamo, it's a little further of a drive for me, but definitely worth the trip!
3	Read reviews before heading to have my SUV washed. I told the guy I wanted the platinum for $29.99. He immediately told me he would give me a great deal on a full detail because they had no other cars currently being detailed. The price: $59.99. My SUV is 9 months old and in mint condition. I told him, no thank you. I just want the platinum. He shook his head, threw his arms up in the air and exasperated, "Ha? But the detail is cheaper!" I replied, "No. It's not cheaper. It's $30 more. I just thought this was rude behavior. The cleaning was fine. Inside looked great but there were still water marks on the outside and some spots that had not been cleaned. I will go some where else next time.
5	I would absolutely recommend this place. Felipe and Jose were so nice and helpful. I've been here twice and each time had a full detail done on my truck. (It really needed it!) They do an excellent job! Aside from that, they also have super comfortable couches to sit on while you wait, great air conditioning in the waiting room, coin massage chairs, computers to surf the net on if you're bored while waiting, and free wi-fi to connect to. Oh, and a bowl full of suckers to snack on, lol.  I always feel super comfortable coming here even though I hate doing these kind of things. This is definitely my go-to place for detailing.Oh... And I was also actually super grateful that they offer to fix windshields too.  I have had a giant crack across the bottom of my windshield for years and I know that is dangerous and I need to get it fixed but I just haven't made the time. These guys made the replacement SO EASY and I thought the price was very reasonable.
5	Professional, excellent job, inexpensive and quick.   I am from out of town and had them wash my new Baby Benz.   They treated it with care.   Five thumbs up!
5	I've been to Alamo Hand Car Wash quite a few times and they always do a great job.  Other washes generally do a "just OK" or poor job on wheels, but I love that Alamo takes the extra time and does a thorough job cleaning my rims.The workers from the time you arrive to when you leave are friendly and the waiting area is nice.I haven't been disappointed yet and this has to be at least a dozen trips here.  Great job Alamo!
5	My car is spotless!! They did such an amazing job. I purchased the "Silver" package which was only $21 but my car looks like I actually got it detailed! this kid worked on my car for close to an hr checked with his boss and his boss made him touch up on a couple spots. That is exceptional service by far!
4	I has a not so great experience however the staff made sure my concerns were addressed and this attention to detail and consumers is over and above what I expected. Thanks guys for your hard work. Below is my previous review which they have taken the time and made the effort to correct .  Having purchased the full wash I do not expect to have to ask the attendant to lower windows to remove spots at window edges.  Upon returning home I needed to get a cloth and remove water spots and dirt from around door handles, dirt from inside doors and fuel door, trunk and hood edges and mirrors where it was clearly visible. Neither do I expect to have to vacuum the area next to, under and behind seats or seat tracks or under floor mats and in the carpeted rear deck and trunk area or around moldings on the interior. Paying full price the expectation was for the whole job. The dusting job was similarly disappointing with dust around registers, controls and virtually any surface that was not easy to reach. The clue might have been when I got in and had to start picking up bits and pieces  of dirt, hair, gravel and a french fry or two and  dusting further while the attendant got the egregious spots I initially noticed and then stood by. Stains in the finish were not removed with the treatments used. The assumption by their glass repair person that services would be covered was also false. On the good side at least this group did not damage the finish, everybody was  friendly unfortunately I am still looking for a facility that will do as good a job as i can in the same time. I purposely did not use the online coupon as I hoped for the several dollars I would get a job done as advertised and avoid issues some other reviewers  have experienced with attitudes when presenting coupons. I  am sure  returning and  pointing out the issues that everything would  have  been rectified but I already spent the time and money and they had their one chance and even got tipped.
5	Pretty sure this was the best $20 car wash I have received.  Bought the Yelp Deal for $18.  They dusted and vacuumed the inside, washed the outside and applied some tire treatment.  The thing that made it special (and worthy of 5 stars) was the attention that was given.  They went over the car meticulously during the drying phase.  This wasn't the fastest car wash I've ever been to, but it was quality.  They used compressed air to expel water from the cracks prior to drying...the tire guy went to town, getting all up in there and really getting things clean...the manager came around personally and inspected the car-- pointing out several little water spots here and there to touch up I'm not sure if this is standard practice or just common when you use a Yelp Deal and are likely to write about your experience...additionally, the waiting area is clean, has a couple sofas and a few comfy chairs.Helpful hint: It does not enhance the waiting experience to listen to working at the car wash while you wait... unless you worked at some 70s party car wash in your youth of course. In that case, listen away. The song randomly came on The tv during a commercial,  and the very thought off working in the heat... outside... in the summer is literally sickening to heart, stomach, and bowels. Go to college and tip the guys a little extra in the heat if the day while you wait inside.
5	WOW..the best service at a car wash. They keep your plate on file an greet you by name. They do an amazing job cleaning your car. They are very friendly an make sure your happy before.you leave. They have a nice area to wait inside an out an offer wifi. I will continue to bring my car here. My car looks brand new an great
5	These guys are awesome. So much attention to detail! I don't let many people wash my car. I would  come back again! Recommended!
5	Way better than Ecowash, same price for basic/express wash ($7.99).. Ex firefighter went to Ecowash for a full detail & the guy detailing his truck stole his ipod & had to call the cops. I was in disbelief myself, after we were treated like SCUM when we had a problem with the railing gauging our factory 19" rims on the NEW CAR!  Take the drive to Alamo Hand Car Wash, the guys are very respectful! When you pull up you'll see the rail has rubberized guards so not to damage the rims to your vehicle. Check in on yelp you get 50%. WAAAAAY better customer service. We tip them considering they do a REALLY nice job. KEEP your receipt in your glove box, they offer rain checks if you show your receipt.Needless to say everyone recommends this place over any other wash in VEGAS! less than 4 miles off the strip Go straight up Russell & when you get to Rainbow Blvd it's in Arco Gas station.  The more you know. :D
5	I must say this is the best car washing place I have encountered thus far! I was greeted by extremely friendly staff. Since it is my first time, I wasn't sure how to do. The ticket lady at front patiently explains everything to me, the service, the location I can hangout while waiting for my car, the difference in their service,etc.       Their waiting area is extremely clean and tidy, I have the feeling that I was in someone's living room, visiting an old friend or something. They provide TV and even computer (with internet access). This is the most comfortable and clean waiting area I have ever been to for car wash.      In addition to their indoor waiting area, they also set up this outdoor bench and beach lounge chairs outside in a gazebo, the weather has been so nice outside today, and I had great time sitting outside doing some work on my computer while waiting for my car to be done.       In about 35 min, as they quoted me before, my car is done and it was like brand new! They didn't miss any detail in the interior and they cleaned out my rims and wheels as well. I purchased the deal from Yelp, since it is one of their basic service, I didn't think they would be that detail oriented. One word IMPRESSIVE!      I am extremely pleased with the quality of the service here and the friendliness of their staff. I will definitely come back!
5	Found this place on yelp. I read a few three stars that didn't like the upsell. I found it was very polite and good value. I got a wash and wax for $50. All the staff were friendly, they work hard and don't take short-cuts. Whole wash took maybe an hour with no idle time. Great results, no missed spots, will come again. I wish Irvine had a place like this.
5	Love this place! It was my first time and I think they did an excellent job. I only did the "basic" which was 17.99 Handwash inside and out! It was spotless! They were all so nice, except for the guy who took my car at first but that's ok, the other employees made up for it. The wash also came with a 72 hr rain warranty. If it rains in 72 hrs they wash your car for free! How awesome is that! KUDOS to Manager SAOUL...he was so nice, i wish i had the names of the other employees but thanks to all! I will return! :)
5	Acid stains on car  they fixed it!!!The valet parked my car in an area where acid was dripping onto the glass and paint.  It took an hour but Alemo managed to get all the stains out.  Looks like new. These are professional guys - managed by Phillipe - - I truly trust my car with these guys.
5	I moved to Las Vegas just one week ago and was looking for a place to get my car washed when I stumbled upon this great place through Yelp! I experienced such a warm welcome and fantastic service! They did an exceptional job. My car was squeaky clean and I even got two nicks repaired on my winshield. I recommend this place!! I will be back :)
2	Drove up on a Monday afternoon. This place was so jammed with cars. The guy that came up to me with his clipboard told me that the car in front of me had already been waiting for 2o min. There is a large sign on the top of the wash with the prices. I wanted around a 20 to 25 buck wash. I have a newer car and the outside needed to be primarily clean. The guy told me he could give me another wash for 60 buck. I was like well I don't want that I want a regular car wash! No detail, no wax! Just wash it! He then told me it would be hour and a half to 2 hour wait. So I kindly told him I would be leaving. Then another guy says I will make it worth your while sticking his ballpoint pen into a chip on my window. Ugh! Don't be sticking your pens in places they don't belong. So I left. And was pissed I trusted yelp reviews and drove 15 min to this location.
1	I've been coming to this place religiously for the last couple of years. I always get the ~$20 silver wash. I came in today and the service advisor informed me that in order to get my interior cleaned completely, (due to trace amounts of dog hair, my dog has never even been in my vehicle) I would need to purchase the $40 "pet lovers" wash.  He stated that if I did not purchase the "pet lovers" wash, he could not say whether or not their guys would vacuum my truck. I mentioned their currently displayed signage proclaiming an additional $4 for dog hair removal and said I would pay that fee if necessary.  I was told that even though the sign was still being displayed, they did not offer that anymore and I would need to buy the "pet lovers" wash, that is double the price of my usual selection and has features I don't need, in lieu of my usual wash. The only difference would be spending an extra 2 minutes on the vacuum.  The guy even began to raise his voice and become argumentative.   I did not purchase the "pet lovers" wash and proceeded with my usual Silver package. I tipped the crew my usual $10 and left Alamo Car Wash for the last time.  It's a real shame that they have gone down this road. They do good work, but I'm not going to come back if I have to pay double because I have 5 dog hairs on my carpet.
4	Great place for a quick hand car wash for only 8 bucks.  For the express wash you sit on a conveyer belt and are wheeled through a machine car wash while a couple workers hose down and simultaneously wash your car. My only complaint is the grumpy guy that rings you up at the beginning.  Maybe it's the heat, but he is always annoyed.  He practically rolled his eyes the first time I tried to use the half off yelp discount.  I'm sorry I decided to use your promotion!
3	They did a solid job on my car. I got the 9.99 wash -$5 for the yelp checkin. Car looked great and they dried it very well. They lose two stars because my gf was getting her's done at the same time and when she went through they did not run the soap on her car. So she basically went through and got nothing done and had to go through a second time which took about 30 minutes total.
5	You can get 50% off your car wash when you check in on yelp. They do a really nice job. They never miss spot.
5	Their $9 exterior car wash was fantastic.  The exterior of my car was really clean, cleaner than the brush car washes, and since it's a hand wash, better for the paint on my car.  A+
2	I visited Alamo last week because of the great reviews i read. Unfortunatly i did not find it so great. I was very upset with the outcome of my car. The car looked like it never got washed. It wasn't vacuumed right. My seat was stained and they put my book over it so I wouldn't see it. In the review it said that a supervisor would inspect the car when it's done, and that never happened. Therefor I will definitely not be returning to Alamo.
3	Not the best wash that I've gotten but it was ok.  It was definatley a hand wash but there were a lot of water spots left on the front windshield. I had to ask the person who was drying the car to spray window cleaner on it to get the spots off.  I don't think I would return to this place.
5	Just an update to add how much I love this place... a few months back, my car was parking outside at my apartment and I had an errant sprinkler hitting my car. I purchased the manager's special, as usual, and went about my day. It wasn't until after they finished I realized that the detailer had taken it upon himself to get a buffer and get rid of all the hard water that was on my bumper and chrome grill. For free! I tipped him big time.I love these guys. You're going to wait, but you also are going to have a very clean car at the end of it.
4	Took my car there for the first time today because of the great reviews...I was impressed with customer service, comfy waiting are..my car came out beautiful, missed a few minor spots that my eye would catch..but I would def.come back!
5	Went here for the first time today as I was in the area. Fellow yelpers were correct in their praise for this place! Phillip greeted me with a smile and very friendly demeanor. I was hooked up with a wash and wax outside as my lowered car wouldn't be compatible with their conveyor belt. Reasonably priced compared to the car wash much closer to my place named after the road it is located on in north las vegas on the corner of said business and Decatur. The quality of my car wash was also much better than the previously mentioned business. The guy washing my car really took his time and worked up a sweat on my very dirty black colored car trying his best to remove the stubborn water stains from the rain the past few days. Car came out looking showroom fresh, complete with my aftermarket multi-spoked rims looking flawless! It's very time consuming to clean my rims and they did an amazing job! The same dude wiping down my car asked me to move my car from under the tent where he was working so he and the pleasant manager, Saul, could give it a final look over before letting me go on my way. So to Phillip, Saul, and the dude who did my car...a big high five for being so awesome! Your establishment is on the other side of town for me but your place is where I will get my cars washed from now on! To the guy who did my car...didn't have enough cash on hand and the $5 I gave wasn't enough for your hard work so I'll be back soon to pay it forward homie!
5	Love this place! Been bringing my cars here for 7 years. All the staff are awesome especially Felipe & Saul. Great attention to detail, great customer service & offers specials! Very organized & professional operation!
5	They are professional, quick and thorough. Best car washing and detailing place in Vegas. :)
5	Great job ! The $8 exterior wash was awesome. The service was great and for yelping you get an instant 50% of  current or next wash. Got both in and ext for 8 buck ! Sweet deal!
5	These guys go bananas on your vehicle. I've been coming here for years now with my large, often muddy truck. Their basic wash is super thorough, and their detail is amazing. My favorite wash in town, and I'm pretty picky.
1	First time going here. Pull up to the attendant, he shakes his head at me complains that my car is covered in bugs (of course it is I just got back from a roadtrip - thats why I took it here) and gave me bad attitude. He charged me an extra 3 bucks for bug removal, Ive never heard of that before... Not a big deal, wait for my car to get washed, everything looked fine, except a letter from my car tag is missing that definitely wasn't missing before. I waited thirty extra min for them to fish it out of the gutters and all the manager does it stick it back on my car with tape... What a joke. I threw a fit, and he didnt offer me anything or even apologize and was a major a-hole. He told me to stop bothering him. You couldnt pay me to go back here.Update: You can ignore the response from management on here, I contacted him and got no response.
5	I had my car washed here for the first time today.  It is by far the best car wash I have gotten in Las Vegas.  It's hard to find a good hand wash here.  They have excellent attention to detail.  I am pretty particular, and brought my really dirty minivan in to be cleaned.  The young man who dried the outside and cleaned the inside took his time and did a fabulous job.  I'm so excited to have finally found a car wash worth paying for!  I do wish I would have known about the $3 off Yelp discount ahead of time :) Next time!
5	This place is, in my opinion, the best hand car wash place in my area (SW Vegas). They're inexpensive and they do a great job.They have a bunch of services available, but I always go for the Express Car Wash. It only costs $8.99 (essentially $9 since they do not give the penny as change). It used to be $7.99, but I guess it wasn't as profitable as they thought. $9 is still pretty cheap though considering it's an actual hand wash and the employees towel dry the whole exterior.The employees are friendly. None of that don't-care attitude.If you need to, you can wait inside. They have computers and a massage chair (if I remember correctly).I wish I knew about the Yelp check-in offers beforehand. I'll be sure to use them next time.This place is great if you just need a simple hand wash. As long as this kind of service remains, I'll keep coming back.
1	This update pertains to the supposed "glass repair" company that works alongside Alamo Car Wash. The car wash itself is great. But since Alamo tolerates these glass repair scam artists on its premises, I have to ding them for being a part of this scam.After talking to my family and my insurance company representative, I realized that I was the victim of a WINDSHIELD REPAIR SCAM.I drove in for a car wash at Alamo. As I was paying for the Express Wash ($9), another guy came up, started spraying & wiping my windshield, and said there's a chip on it. He pressed the tip of a ballpoint pen on it to make it look like a real chip. He says he can fix it for free if my auto insurance is from any of the companies listed on his sign. It was. And me being naive and gullible, I believed him and let him do the "repair."He finished right before I went into the car wash. He even called my insurance company and had me talk to them to verify that I was the person included in the policy. I answered every question and the claim went through.Afterwards, I even shook his hand. His name was Robert (or so he says). He was a Hispanic guy who was speaking Spanish to the guy whom I paid for the car wash.He convinced me that there was a chip on it. He was conniving and convincing while I was naive and gullible.Even though I didn't pay anything, they will make a claim to my insurance, probably more than the actual cost of a real chip repair. Now, my insurance premium will probably go up.Let this be a lesson to everyone else out there, as it is for me. If you go to this car wash, or any other car wash for that matter, go ONLY for the car wash. Don't let some random guy come up and make you believe that you have a chip on your car when you don't. Even if he "fixes it for free," it'll cost you in the long run with higher insurance premiums.
1	I USED TO take both my cars here for washes, and will not any longer.  I thought it was pricey before, but now it's ridiculous.  The cheapest full wash is now $30!UPDATE:  Michael, I just read your response.  I knew I was right when I tried to order that $16.99 wash that I used to always buy.  Your salesgirl would not give me that price.  She said the $29.99 (excluding the $8.99 express wash) was the cheapest one.  In fact, she tried to add another $5 on the of the $29.99 because she said my Jeep Wrangler was oversized.  Come on!  These things are small and I was never charged the extra money for this car before.  Also, it is smaller than my Ford Escape and I have never been charged extra for the Ford either.  You need to train your people better because I was not the only one that turned away!
5	While I was getting my car done, a tech from Clear Quality Auto Glass was on site and pointed out a ding in my windshield and was able to fix it on the spot. I've had a chip turn into a full blown crack before so I was glad I could get it taken care of. There was no hassle with insurance and the service was outstanding.
2	I was really looking forward to Alamo's services after all of the fabulous yelp reviews. After I got my car, I had to drive right back around to have them clean my dash. It looked as if they hadn't even run a rag over it. I wish I would've taken a picture of it. They broke my fun little disco ball, which is no big deal what I'm not a fan of is the fact that they didn't acknowledge it. They simply put the disco ball in my cup holder and let me find out after driving off. Sure their prices are great but in this case, you really do get what you pay for. The hunt for a decent car wash continues.
5	Utilize your Yelp check-in deal because they can subtract the value of the "Express Wash" from the price of the wash you choose.I have been getting my car washed here throughout this year and they have yet to disappoint. HAND CAR WASH! Don't stray and give your money to Terrible's.The process is very simple, pull around the backside to get to the "entrance." Middle lane is if you would like to choose from one of their car wash packages and the right lane is if you would like the Express Wash (there are two options: $8.99 Exterior Express or $12.95 Exterior Bronze). Leave the key in the ignition, the Greeter hands you your ticket, and then you walk inside to pay. If you purchase the Bronze Package ($18.99) and up then you get a complimentary air freshener for your vehicle.Speaking with the Greeter, Phillip, is always a joy. He gives me a great greeting everytime I come in and acknowledges me by my first name. We always discuss which wash my car should get depending on what she looks like. During the summer heat, it was much appreciated being offered a bottle of water before I went inside. The waiting room has a big-screen tv (usually has a talk-show on), computers for your usage, wifi, and two massage chairs.My previous car looked brand-new again after it was washed by them. It had tan leathered seats that looked worn out due to time and after a seat-shampoo from them, they were restored to their normal glory. I was almost convinced that it would not be beneficial to do it, but they showed me in a small section that it would work so I gave them to go ahead. When I bought my new car, I immediately thought that when it comes time for the first wash, I would be excited to bring her here. I love that their manager, Saul, always comes around to do a final inspection of the vehicle before handing it back the owner.
5	Best car wash in town hands down. They always take good care of.me.and my car. Been coming here for.years and will continue to come back for more business. Hand wash is better than those machines that scratch and dent your car.
4	I like bringing my car here because it's a hand wash that's quick and convenient. All the employees here are very kind and make me feel welcomed. They also wash cars fairly well, which always keeps me coming back. I try to come here once a week.I have to remove one star though because lately I've been noticing water spots. It really bugs me since my car is black. It's very noticeable. Initially when I inspect my car before leaving, it's always spotless. Once I drive away, the water spots appear because they haven't fully dried the car in some hidden areas. This happens occasionally when I get the full wash. But EVERY single time I get the express wash (exterior only), I end up with water spots. I always have to pull over somewhere to dry my own car after the express wash. My suggestion is to take extra time drying during the exterior only wash. In addition, to also focus drying inside the gas cap and the crevices of the side mirrors. Those are the areas I've been noticing water spots. I believe water gets trapped in those areas, so once I drive away they leak onto the body of my car.If they can take care of this only issue for me, then this place will be a 5 star in my book! Other than that this place is great.
1	Came here today right after writing my first review. This is my updated review so please read that review first before reading this one. I can say I'm honestly disappointed and upset. Got the full wash this time and I still ended up with water spots PLUS a bad interior job. I had to come back for them to finish cleaning up my car.This time a younger kid cleaned my car and he did the worst job ever. I watched the cleaning process the whole time and he didn't even bother wiping down the seats or most of the interior. Seemed like he was focusing drying the windows only. 90% of the time was him just wiping the windows. I was left with dirt and dust on the door trims, pedals, floor mats, and parts of my dashboard. I had to wipe off all the dirt and dust with my palm. There was still pieces of crumbs left on the floor and inside my leather seats too. I had to pick up and throw away the the crumbs after paying for a $21 wash + tip. I shouldn't be cleaning my own car after leaving here.Unfortunately, I'm also led to believe that Alamo can causes swirl marks in your paint during the wash process. I believe this because I've paid a lot of money to get my car clay bar'd and buffed/sanded prior. After bringing my car here I've noticed swirl marks and scratches appear again. I don't want to believe this because I liked bringing my car here so prove me wrong on this. Alamo's the only place that's touched my car after getting the swirl marks and scratches removed.My experience today was the worst out of all times I've visited. I've been coming here for about a year now. Not only was I left with water spots AGAIN but the entire interior job was poorly done this time. I'm giving this place one more chance because most of my other visits were positive. I'm so disappointed because they use to wash cars so well but it's seems like it's going downhill now. I guess its just a hit or miss coming here. If I have one more experience like this I'm taking my business to Windy City Wash & Wax every single week.
2	Came here a couple weeks ago after bookmarking them due to all the positive reviews. Since my car is fairly new, the inside wasn't really dirty so I opted for the exterior express...big mistake! I guess by express they mean half assed because my car came out with soap streaks and water spots, especially on the windows and mirrors! When I saw them wiping down my car, they appeared rushed and not attentive. I could've just sprayed my car down with a hose and then wiped the windows down to get a similar result. Also noticed a couple scratches after the wash but did not look for them before the wash so no idea if it was caused by them or not. One thing that I know for sure: I will not be coming back or recommending this place ever!
5	Cashier (young girl) has great customer service (which is usually rare for Las Vegas).
1	I have always liked this car wash. I've been going to them for 8 years, from the time I had my hoopty til I upgraded to my truck.Recently though, their job had been pretty sloppy.Maybe I came in at the wrong time, maybe I came in at a bad day? Not sure. But the last 2 instances that I got my truck washed here, I left with the same spots and dirt I came in here for.My window that they were supposed to wipe inside and out still has that toddler's sticky hand print. My console, which used to have a dried flower, didn't seem to have been cleaned as well. My windshield still had that film from the inside, and the list goes on and on..I'm not a perfectionist. But the dirt were really obvious and I can't seem to convince myself that  had just gone to a car wash.90% of Car Wash customers are repeat business while 10% are referrals. Seriously, I think I have given this place a few chances but always end up wasting my time and money. Really disappointed. :(UPDATE: 10/30/14Ignore Michael's comment on here. The first one he posted had his email and phone number and sent him a private message about my experience. The second one, he edited and posted something to sound more sympathetic. Contacted him again through Yelp this time (thinking he didn't get the email) but IGNORED both messages and DIDN'T EVEN RESPOND. Michael, STOP pretending like you care about your customers.
5	I am a loyal customer at this place, It's not because of their good reviews on yelp.It's because they are good peoples, and doing great job.Guy whos taking your car key remembers your car, and your name.So that means he knows when was last time you washed your car.Even during a hot summer time, they work really hard. I have seen it.
4	This is my "near work" go to car wash. I have always left happy. The entire crew seems to take such pride in their work and keeping you happy as a customer. Honestly, I was surprised to see the critical reviews. That has never been my experience! My car is always spotless, and clear of dog hair! Hot Tip!! - When I went in once, my wind shield had been chipped 2 days before, by a flying rock while driving on the 215. I know annoying, and happens to all of us! It was noticed by the staff here, and they told me about a service they offer. They called my insurance and got them to pay over the phone (NO DEDUCTION!) to have it fixed and buffed out!! You heard me- I did not pay a single penny to have this fixed! And it almost undetectable! Great place! And easy location!
5	First time here and was welcomed from the minute I got there. Check in lady was extremely friendly and explained everything to fit my needs for my car being cleaned and detailed. Kuddos to Jose who detailed my Durango he did an awesome job bringing it back to a new car look. I will be using this establishment in the future. Great job to you all, keep up the great work!!!!
1	I recently visited Alamo car wash on November 8th 2014 during the process of my car wash the thieves there at Alamo ripped off my Nike Raiders jacket I just bought and my Nike Raiders blanket I use for dialysis do not trust your car with these thieves I called the  owner and he denied everything....... I I demanded the satisfaction and he denied everything these are the only people who had access to my car as my car is locked up constantly and is in the garage at my house these people are rip off artists... Take no liability for their employees whatsoever .....Im filing a police report with Las Vegas Metropolitan police department.... I repeat do not give any of your business to be as people or prepare to get ripped off this is Alamo car wash on the corner of rainbow and Russell in Las Vegas Nevada I hear they have car washes in California also go there at your own risk and be prepared to be ripped off......  here on Yelp you have to give them a rating.... I would give them 0 stars but I have to give them at least one because I must do so to post this....
3	These guys are great if you spend big money on features... But express wash puts you at back of line. And rude at checkin.
5	Amazingly clean wash and superb service, not to mention comfy lounge! The best in Vegas!
5	Wow, what an amazing job they do and they offer a variety of wash options ranging from an $8.99 for the exterior only to $18.99-$39.99 for exterior including vacuum, cleaning all your Windows, etc. I was beyond pleased with their work and attention to detail. The lounge area is actually pretty nice. They've got like 6 PCs that you can use for free, 2 comfy leather couches that you sink into and don't want to get out of once in. They're hella comfy. They also offer complimentary water and fountain drinks although I think you have to spend at least $18.99 to get the free fountain drinks. They also have free Wi-Fi if you don't want to use their computers. There is a TV in the computer area as well as on the main sitting area. They have a bunch of outdoor seating too.If you're in a rush I wouldn't get any of the full cleaning packages because they pay so much attention to detail when cleaning your car you're going to be there a good 15-20 minutes or longer depending on your package. Well worth the wait and the money!! This place is close to the wife's work which is why I gave it a shot, well that and the discounted wash offered on here. Well definitely be back the next time she needs a wash and I'm on that side of town.
1	The worse car wash I've had in awhile. I brought my new Honda civic here to get clean inside and out for the first time. As I walked to my car I was going to tip the worker until I seen all of my mats drenched with water or spray and not even wiped down at all. The mats still had dirt and leaves on some of them. Also had some sticky spots from the soda I spilled on the inside of the door. The worker had me cleaning my own car wiping down the places he missed while he was watching. As soon as he figured I wasn't going to tip him anymore he took off. I am very disappointed with this car wash, I should have listened to the negative reviews but I wanted to give them the benefit of doubt. I will never go to this car wash again.
4	The car wash and interior cleaning here are very well priced. They make your car look like you just got it detailed! Oh and for the same $18 rate on Yelp silver car wash you can get a gold car wash on Groupon. What irritates me was the guy that seems to be working hand in hand with Alamo; Clear Quality. He tried to tell me that there was damaged to my windshield (which there is not) and that he would fix it for "free". So I proceeded to ask what he needed (I kinda already knew his scam but whatever... I'm curious). He tells me just my car insurance information. FYI filing a claim with my insurance claiming that you did body work is NOT "free". Also, "Felipe" who's shirt said supervisor said I NEEDED to get my car waxed because the paint quality is deteriorating (I drive a 2013 model). Yeah, no...Besides trying sell me on things I don't need and treating me like I know nothing about cars; The car washes are great!
5	This is the best car wash in las vegas. If there's bad reviews that is because people think its a perfect life and your car has to be done perfect. They do a very good job! Also I think his name is jeremy the blonde male that checks the cars is very polite and makes sure your satisfied as well as jhon. Thanks alamo car wash!
