3	as a breathing college student, i went to the Vine a few times. definitely a college bar! a cute little A-frame building, with standard bar decor, plastic beer flags, bar stools, pool tables, a small stage area for karaoke night.they also have the typical greasy bar food and their wings are just a smidge above average.there's often a cover (like $5) for their specialty nights i.e., $3 u-call-its (except for top shelf and red bull) night.last i was there they had a "punching" arcade game. seriously it was a hanging boxing punching bag and you could take a stab at punching it as hard as you could muster. it was entertaining watching the bros line up for that...then watching them put to shame by this tough rock-a-billy chick in a dress!anyway, usual college antics apply - puffing up around little blondes, karaoke of the ASU fight song, chanting before shots, etc. as not my style as that is, i really don't mind it here. probably cause i go knowing what i'm getting into.
3	I am writing this review with the perspective of going to school in Iowa where the original Vine is.  Its similar to the one off Gilbert and Prentiss in Iowa City and the food is the same.  I went there last weekend with my brother who also went to Iowa and really we just rehashed old stories about $2/dozen wings and steins.I miss my maple hot wings up here in Portland so I got my fix and should be good for a little while.  It was refreshing to get back in the 'college bar' atmosphere on a Saturday afternoon vs. the 'I demand to be seen' lifestyle that is Scottsdale.Happy Hour and daily specials = cheap and decent bar food and drinks
2	This bar transport from Iowa City is all over the valley, but unlike the Iowa version I feel it has no redeeming qualities. Bad food and funny tasting tap brews. Girlfriend's fake ID got stolen there, man, having a girlfriend under the drinking age sucks, I'm glad that's over.
4	Chris H and I ended up at the Vine on Friday night after hitting a few bars on Mill since it's stumbling distance from where we live. He had been there once before for happy hour, but I had never been. I think we found our new neighborhood dive bar hang out spot!The building itself on the outside is pretty non-descript, so you would probably drive by and not even notice it. The inside is large with a main bar area with tables and then a back room with pool tables. The back room also has a breathalyzer that you can use for $1...first time I ever saw that at a bar. There are also a ton of TVs scattered throughout the space. Oh, and did I mention there was a very large deer's head mounted on the wall? Normally we hate bars, especially dive bars, that have a cover. I mean a $4 cover before 10 pm?? But, we quickly learned that the special that evening was $1 you call its, so that made up for the cover. We sat at the bar and the bartender, although kinda creepy looking, was super nice and informed us that there was only like 1 or 2 drinks that weren't $1. Sweet! Our draft beers came in plastic cups, which fit in with the dive bar atmosphere. We got to that intoxicated stage where fried food sounds really good although you know you will regret it the next day, so Chris ordered mozzarella sticks which were pretty good because the batter was light...they reminded me of the ones you can get at Casey Moores. We'll definitely be going back to the Vine due to proximity and good drink specials.
4	This is a pretty cool spot to get extremely drunk very cheaply.  The drink specials can't be beat.  Monday, Wednesday, Friday $1 u-call-its.  Thursdays they have  32 oz domestics for $3.00; $5.00 for specialty and imported drafts.  I am a Blue Moon kind of guy!!  They have a ridiculous amount of beers on tap, over 20.  The $5.00 cover charge for guys after 9 PM is a stupid, but I can't complain that much I don't know how many times I have left with a $20 - $40 bill and extremely drunk.  The bartenders are really cool, but the waitresses can be a little slow(that is what small tips are for).  The food is pretty good and they have a wide range of burgers and wings with around 12 different sauces.  The food is a little pricey compared to the drinks but still a good deal.I did have one incident where one of the bouncers tried to kick out my girlfriend.  He said my 4 friends and I could stay, but she had to go.  That wasn't happening!!  The bartenders took care of the situation and the bouncer left us alone for the rest of the night.  I haven't seen him in the place since!!
5	I like dive bars.  And the Vine is the perfect antidote to the Mill Ave scene.  No one cares who you are, what you're wearing, or who you're with.   This is a bar to shoot the breeze with friends, relax and binge drink.  Pretty much, if I want to get hammered in the middle of the day The vine is my first choice.
3	Being a bit of a Karoake - addict, I had to ultimately find my way to The Vine.  And I have to say that I do not drink beer at all but could not ignore the friends with me who questioned the authenticity of their pulled pours.  And as for food, nothing vaguely looked like delicious... but if you combined it with the questionable brew, the smell of youth, and the sound of shreiking wanna-be-stars...it may actually be swallowed.  So how is this place 3 star eligible?  Well...its the dive vibe at the Vine.  Genuine true dive-a-liciouness with colorful followers, floozie femmes, and frowsy features on the walls.  Did I just glorify funkiness?  Uh.But I will be back somehow.  Go figure.
5	Awesome wings!!  Hot wings at local sports bars are the best.. and these are some of the best in Phoenix....  good ol' medium or hot flavor is what I prefer and I order them extra crispy.  I have been a customer for the last 7 years and have gone to most of the locations.... always great!
3	I would have to describe the vine as being, first and foremost, a filthy place.  Dirty tables... some of them are broken and will fall over if you rest a pitcher on it.  Some of the cushy seats inside have large gashes in them and their inside stuffing is bleeding out like entrails.  The crowd is such an odd mixture of lowlives, well-dressed college kids, complete douche bags, metal kids, crusty kids, bros, middle aged boozers, hipsters and that one lady sitting at the end of the bar wearing a cocktail dress with a martini in her hand, a gun in her purse and a dark secret.That's what I really like about The Vine.  It's a strange place, for sure.  The bathroom has graffiti in such high-up places, someone either brought in a chair, stood on somebody's shoulders or had to balance one foot on the urinal and one on the sink in order to get into those awkward corners.On a few days out of the week, they have $1 you call its.  The cover is $5 and you can go to town on cheap drinks.  Granted, you don't get a full-ass glass of beer, you get a little plastic cup, but still it's still only a dollar.  For dirt cheap, you can get wasted.  It's a cool place to come in and wet your whistle, but I could never see being a regular.  I like my dives dirty and I like my crowds strange, but The Vine just has something about it that strikes me as creepy.  It really wouldn't surprise me if I found out that The Vine had been build on a piece of land where a family had been slaughtered over a hundred years ago.  I don't think the place is haunted by ghosts, but it's definitely haunted by awkwardness.  Whereas most dive bars sort of revel in their own filth, this place is sort of like you went over to your friend's house and found out that they have filthy, alcoholic parents that they're ashamed of.Check this place out.  Friday nights can get poppin' off and you can expect to have a hangover the next day because with $1 drinks... come on.
2	This is probably the trashiest bar I've EVER been to and I've been to some pretty bad places. A guy we were there with went outside and got punched square in the nose and then the puncher after landing said punch (pretty nice shot, had the punchee bleeding) ran away. Funny as anything, but a shitty move... The bathrooms are gross. The floor was sticky (not just a sticky spot but the WHOLE floor).  Oh Vine Tavern even though you made me laugh my ass off I'm not sure I'll be back...
3	I never really got caught up in the scene at the Vine...I don't know why...probably because I was always broke during my undergrad but maybe it was because this place was grimy.  Who knows?  Anyway, the Vine is an ASU classic...everyone goes here - and some people love it...others hate it.  I was one of the rare people who didn't really go either way.  It was just "The Vine" to me...Anyway...the best part of this place was the specials - 32 ounce beers for $3 dollars (used to be $2.50)...you can't really beat that.  Another favorite of mine was punching that red, punching bag machine...it was only a quarter and we derived so much fun from seeing who could punch the hardest.Yeah, it's dirty...yeah, it's loud...and yeah, I probably wouldn't like it at all now that I'm a few years older - but it was a decent experience at the time.
5	I love this place.  Can't beat $1 you-call-its on M, W, and F.  Or the $4 32oz Samuel Adams.  This was my favorite place for day drinking during the ASU years, and the food isn't too terrible either.  Don't expect fine french cuisine here, but they know how to make wings and that's all I ask for from the hole-in-the-wall bar.
3	Beer is gooood! and comes in a goood size. The food? not that good, specially if you are used to the food of places like 4 peaks.DEcoration inside looks like an old, and almost stinky place, so if you are looking something fancy...go northern. Guess by night and drunk, ppl just don't care where they are sitting!
3	Ok everyone...I'm on a yelp roll and I don't plan on stopping. So sit back, relax, and enjoy some good ol' fashion yelping. This bar is not for the faint of heart. You have to be a pool shootin, beer drinking, sports lovin, good ol' boy (or girl). This bar comes complete with three pool tables, games, dart board, and tons of tv's. And I don't need to tell you the food and drinks are dirt cheap! Between the happy hour and $1-U-call it's, this is truly a college bar. I have to tell you this place is the OG (or OB if you will) for "I love this bar" by Toby Keith. Every walk of life goes here from frat boys to construction workers. And the best part is they are all there shooting pool and hanging out together. The atmosphere of this bar is very much the same atmosphere if you walked into a house party. Very lively, fun, and you will sure leave with a few new friends. But there is a catch. There had to be a catch to get 3 stars. The food is awful! I have received food poising more times then I can count from this place. When I worked there I made my own food to make sure it was made properly. I would come to this place full. Also nothing works. Chairs and tables are broken, the ceiling is falling apart and the bathroom is about to fall down. Other then that, this place is amazing if you don't need tables, chairs or a ceiling to have fun!
3	I've been to the Vine before, about a dozen times or so. Usually it's pretty busy, but you could still see the floor and choose where you wanted to sit and so forth. Wednesday I got a call from a friend of mine, Rachael who lives on campus, to get a few drinks. We'd been trying to get together for a few weeks and kept missing each other. I had already had two beers and didn't feel like I should be driving if I had any more. I figured The Vine would be reasonable walking distance to her dorm and I would ride my bike back to my house (5 minutes).Apparently on Wednesday nights, it's $1 you-call-it's. IT WAS COMPLETELY PACKED. We arrived around 11pm, so there was a $5 cover for guys and a $3 cover for girls. Hadn't seen that before.At 11pm, the bar was about 3 deep so it was 10 minutes before we could order. Since it took that long, we both ordered 2 drinks. I got a Amber Bock after being reminded that my Stella Artois would have been $4.60. Rachael ordered a fancy drink with a fun name. It tasted like a Kool-Aid Burst from my childhood and was fairly strong. Kudos The Vine!The only thing I'd criticize about the establishment here: The $1 you-call-its were served in these plastic cups, not the big red SOLO cups or the tiny ones that come with a water cooler, somewhere in the middle. It seemed two of them would have fit in a pint glass, so essentially $2 pints. Which is still a fine deal.By 11:30 this place was packed. Every bro in town was here, and every girl with her chest hanging out and her best dumb face. I pointed to two guys in front of us at the bar sporting identical striped polos (with different colors) and wondered aloud to Rachael if they had a sale at the mall, and she replied that they looked like American Eagle, 2 for $25. Then I pointed to a girl with enough foundation that she could build a house, and asked Rachael if Sephora had a sale that day too. Oh mall jokes.This really is the place to go if you want to get really drunk and have sex with another person who is also really drunk. The apex of my night came in the bathroom. I received what was the 6th or 7th mustache complement from a bro at The Vine. Another guy overheard it and took a look and was taken aback. "Do girls go for that?". Well, when they do, they really do, I replied. "Yeah well, just send em on over to me. You just send those girls on over to me." I guess some guys can't handle it.A night full of cheap beers, bros professing love for the 'stache, and rowdy college kids looking to get drunk and fornicate. Fortunately, Rachael and I found a booth in the very very back corner with some chairs and chatted while we people watched. All in all, good times.
3	Cheap.  College.  Bar. Xtra pts for quality/friendly barkeeps.
5	Just like it was when I went to ASU years ago! Packed on a Friday Night! It has that Bar/Pub smell...the smell of Beer! There were plenty of Tools, Hotties, and Chicken Hawks present. I was there to meet a Buddy and head out for a Night Ride on Purple Rain (my motorcycle). It was too crowded to try some wings like fellow Yelper E W. suggested. I will have to return to see if she was not lying (I am sure she knows the deal as she likes them Extra Crispy). If you are one of the younger 21-25 year old ASU students...You should be able to get your sexy on here, that is if you have any game at all.
1	The Vine Tavern (i'll omit the word Eatery as i'm fairly certain this term can't be applied to the food they serve at this establishment) is a vortex sort of culmination hang-out for low-brow Fred Durst clones and future (day-shift) strippers. With that being said, this cesspool of a building hasn't burned to the ground yet so I feel compelled to warn others before they consider spending an evening there.Being new to the Tempe area, myself and a small group of friends decided to drop in to check it out.  As we approached the-dimly lit building I began to have second thoughts: my bloomy sense was tingling (more on this later). As we entered we were greeted by a lovely bouncer type gentlemen who begged us to pay the 5$ cover.... seriously. We were seated towards the back near a group of teenage mothers and their burly counterparts. We ordered food...The food arrived in a timely manner, it may have been poisoned but i was too hungry to care. I ordered the mushroom/swiss burger.... 9 dollars-ish. If Mcdonalds ever begins selling their products in the frozen food aisle of grocery stores it might taste something like what they serve at The Vine. I had immediate food regret, my only consolation was the 1$ you call its and the poor old man behind the mic with his acoustic guitar wrapping up his set. Surreal. .. . .We regrettably paid and escaped out the back. Good: Cheap Drinks !!!!  Bad: You may be stabbed!!!
4	Come on one of their dollar drink nights and get the long islands; great way to start off the night. They even have dollar shots.
4	The Vine is just an old bar that has cool old video games, cheap drink nights and good fries.  lol  I played their pinball and ate some decent-for-bar-food fare.  Not a bad night!Might see ya there!
3	Despite the fact that all the servers look like maybe they just got sexually assaulted, the wings are not bad.  They used to be better and then I imagine they got a new cook or fired one that realized they were too good to be working at The Vine. I've heard a lot of people say they ordered the gyros or the fish tacos or some kind of french dip and were THOROUGHLY disappointed.  Of course you were disappointed, the place you're eating at has pictures of Smirnoff vodka on the tables and is serving two dollar Long Islands while some ASU  douche bag is doing Karaoke to a really dated Kid Rock song: YOU'RE AT A BAR, ORDER BAR FOOD.  Order a burger or fries or something fucking fried, don't order the sea bass entree at a place with a three dollar cover on weekends and drunk dudes playing pool in the corner, asshole. That said, the wings are actually worth a trip to The Vine as are the dirt cheap drink specials.  I am a fan of three dollar Long Islands, and appreciate the fact that they're drinks are stuff.  I also notice that if you go here during off hours, like during a weekday, instead of putting on satellite radio they will play an album straight through.  One time I heard them play the entire Blue album.    The Vine is good for very specific things; happy hour drinks, wings, late night shot specials.  Don't come here and expect more than that.  Don't come here when they're not running specials because paying full price for The Vine is going to piss you off considering the quality.  Don't come here with your Mom on Karaoke night and don't bother if you're offended by servers that look like they auditioned for Rock of Love (but are notably friendly and not at all incompetent).  Also, don't come here and take 19 Jager shots then punch your boyfriend in the face in The Vine parking lot after he got your car towed for parking at the nearby Wendy's.
3	The ultimate dive... I'm tempted to give The Vine four stars for the ridiculously low drink prices, but I just can't pull the trigger for a place this grimy.The good: Drinks are dirt cheap, especially during HH. The wings are pretty good. It's an ideal location for ASU students, and most nights it feels like less of a meat market than your typical Mill Ave establishment. Pool tables & other bar games, juke box, outdoor eating & smoking area, enough TVs. The bad: Everything about this place is filthy--bathroom, tables, and often the beer mugs (when you actually get glass ones), not to mention the broken pool cues, busted darts, and three-legged tables.The verdict: If you want beautiful, skanked out ASU girls looking to party, you're much better off on Mill. If you want to hang out with your friends, get drunk on the cheap, and fill your system with grease, this is a good spot to be... as long as you don't mind the filth.
3	On a recent Sunday night I was kickin it at the Vine, sharing a well-priced pitcher of imported beer with a friend, and taking in the scene. The place looked as though it was in the midst of some sort of remodeling project, but now upon sober reflection, my guess is that it just always looks like that. Night went like this: An order of spudskins from the bar-food menu? Sure! Hmmm- they're kinda dry and cardboardy, but looky there! They've smothered them in baco bits, so I'll bite...Hey- check it out! A guy's setting up karaoke! This might be fun. Oh oh- it's not karaoke, he's got a guitar. OK he's ready to sing. He looks like his name is "Eric". He's standing at the mic with his guitar waiting for the bartender to turn down the jukebox. People are pleading with the bartender to leave the jukebox on because "I still haven't heard my Modest Mouse!" and "I still have 2 more songs coming!" The bartender relents and leaves the jukebox on. Eric goes outside for a smoke. Maybe a drink at the bar. Modest Mouse plays. He gets back on stage and waits. And waits. Finally the jukebox is lowered and Eric starts to play and sing his original songs from the heart. I miss Modest Mouse. Eric sucks. Nowonder the bartender was so slow to turn off the jukebox. We're out of here! Bye!!
4	Don't get me wrong, this IS a college bar but the food is great and inexpensive. Excellent mozzarella sticks! Awesome sliders! Yummy wings! Bueno nachos! Tasty fries!
3	This is a college bar. With that being said, booze are cheap, place is broken down like a older Van Buren street walker but well, the booze are cheap. Went in during one of their better drinking days with some buddies because of the $1 you-call-its...$5 dollar admission for guys...sucks but if you drink enough then the cover charge pays for it self. Has a patio for smoking, parking is pretty plentiful since everyone walks there since they're gonna be crawling out due to cheap booze. Haven't tried the food since I was on a alcohol diet so I can't comment on it. Is this place kid friendly? No. Is this a place to get messed up on the cheap? Yes. Bring your friends so they can help carry you out if you go on the days of the $1 you-call-its.
3	I have only ever been to this place on Mondays and Wednesdays..its Dollar you call its. And with its location you may think this kind of night is totally filled with Tempe and ASU d-bags, but its really not. Some nights arent even busy at all!There is one bartender there, who I wont name, but trust me you will know him if you see him, who seems to HATE his job. He never smiles, seems miserable and pours and AWFUL kamikaze shot.. pretty sure he just puts sweet and sour and lime juice in it.the music is usually at a good level however the other day they were playing reallllly loud Jazz music and when I asked abut it, the bartender responded with "ya im trying to annoy people",... well it worked!The only other thing, is this place is a vortex for cell phones..everytime I am here I cant get a signal to save my life
4	Its definitely seen better days, and its sort of an acquired taste, but as far as blue-collar watering holes go, this is is probably one of the best near ASU. Happy hour is when people start showing up (the smoking patio is in the shade) and it is easy to get stuck here way past sundown. Its also great for various sporting events and St Pattys. I probably wouldnt take a date here, but the drink prices are just ridiculous, and as long as you have a strategy to get out of there before eleven (or before it rains) I think you will do OK.
2	This place is average.  On the plus side it's nice and cheep, but on the downside, it's a pretty gross physical establishment, and the food and drinks are mediocre.The worst offense to me was one night when I ordered a Knob Creek on the rocks and caught the barkeep pouring me a drink from the well.  He poured it out and gave me what I actually ordered, but I wasn't pleased.
1	Awful service. One of our friends was told he had a fake ID and is 23. They bent his ID in half and called the cops. Hour and a half later the cops confirm its real, management refused to come out and apologize nor give us anything for wasting our time. Will never be back there again.
2	I used to really enjoy this place and have had tons of fun here. Cheap drinks, enjoy some of the staff, good specials, trashy and divey. I enjoy all those things. After the last couple visits, but especially tonight, I'm sure I won't be back. Me and one of my girlfriends wanted to go get a beer and a bite to eat after work tonight. I suggested Dos Gringos. She got there first and said they didn't appear to be open. Hm, weird. So I said the Vine. We used to frequent this place often, but now its once in a blue moon. It was pretty dead inside, which we were ok with. We sat at the bar. We ordered our beers and asked for menus. She ordered the special of chicken fingers and fries, I got a 1/2 order of nachos with chicken added. The food came out pretty fast, which was nice. We were hungry. My friend seemed to enjoy her food. Mine, oh man... These have got to be the worst nachos I've ever seen in my entire life. It was basically chips with big pieces of chewy, dry, bland chicken on top with salsa and sour cream on the side. Very  little chips and salsa on the side. To find a chip with cheese or refried beans on it was very rare. How can you fuck up nachos??? I'm not sure, but they did. Badly. So yeah, food totally sucked. I ate it. What sucks worse then having terrible food when this hungry? Shit service. In a dead bar. Yes, that happened as well.  Absolutely awful service tonight. I didn't even want to tip the guy, but I did. Yes, I ate my food (or a quarter of it), but I did feel it necessary to mention how much I didn't enjoy it, he didn't give 2 shits. He said with a smartass voice that he was sorry with his back turned and walking away from me. Ugh. I'm so angry at The Vine for allowing such low standards when it used to be a great place to go.$13 with tip for 1 beer and the worst nachos I've ever put in my mouth is way too much money!!!! I've decided at the end, right now, me returning won't happen for sure. I don't deal well with bad service like that!
4	I went for the dollar drink night. That never ends badly, right?Sure, the dollar drinks are in 12oz plastic cups. There's only two bartenders. One of the pool tables is missing a cue ball. Who cares? The place is a dive, and it's a great place to have some cheap drinks and hang out. They had live music, and the guy on the guitar was awesome. He even did an acoustic Lil Wayne cover for some bro. Good for: Guys night out, college kids, a $10 evening.Bad for: Anyone who expects amenities like waiters, straight pool cues, or a paved parking lot.Tip: If you're partaking and need to leave your vehicle, just let the bartenders know so they can add you to the "Do Not Tow" list.
3	If you're from Iowa, especially a University of Iowa alum, or you are just married to one (this gal), you know that The Vine originated in the great state of corn. The Tempe location is your typical tavern, little gritty, stale beer smell stuck to the walls, faint smell of urine, don't have to dress up to drink cheap beer and gorge on wings type bar. Every time I go it's never as crowded as I expect, maybe because all the kids go to Mill now and expect a dog and pony show with their drinks. Sad because these bars are typical, hometown drinking locales and not worth ditching over a $10 cover to listen to some horrid cover band play Nickleback. Wings: Maple Hot Wings - that is all.
3	Even though I went to ASU, a few weeks ago was the second time I had been here in about 6 years. Went here on a Thursday night for a friend's birthday for karaoke and drinks. Unbeknownst to him, another group brought their people for karaoke, so it was a pretty packed house. We had a few tables in the back, and service was pretty good. We took advantage of the drink specials, $2 bacardi drinks. My main complaint is that karaoke was LOUD. If you were interested in having a conversation anywhere inside (even separated from karaoke as we were), you pretty much had to yell.
4	Premium food mixed with daily drink specials. Definitely a place to check out.
3	Maple hot wings = best thing about this place!  Decent college bar, in a sea of douch-bag hang-outs.
4	No cover to get in, and I get to shoot respectable liquors like Red Stag for $1 each? Is this real life?Vine is probably the most inexpensive, happening place you can spend a Monday night. And it's not just for college kids--I see a mix of people hanging out to sip on drinks and watching football in the evening. Later at night, there's live music and a patio with a passable social scene. There's a good bar menu, and while there are only two bartenders--they're rather efficient. I understand not everything likes to get crazy so early in the week, but at this dive, the Tuesday morning after is worth it.
4	Went on a Thursday night to get some wings with some buddies. The wings were Okay, I liked them but nothing to write home about, but what happened next is what made this trip for me. We finished eating and we were singing along with the Jukebox while this guy set up audio equipment for what I thought was going to be a live band. Then this guy comes to our table and gives us a binder and pieces of paper for Karaoke. I had to attend to some classwork so we decided to go home and come back as soon as I was done. When we came back we enjoyed some very good beer specials, $4 for domestic "Steins" basically very large plastic cups and a Great, and I mean GREAT Karaoke atmosphere. My one gripe though is that we had submitted songs and the guy in charge limited my friend to how much he could sing and another buddy and I had our song totally ignored. What it seems to me was that there is a Good Ole Boy system in place where what are probably the regulars get preference. Other than that it was a great impromptu Karaoke night.
1	Woefully understaffed.  One bartender and one server for the whole restaurant. Left hungry and thirsty.
5	Really affordable pub-food, and amazing happy hour specials! The only place in Tempe you can get a tall-boy of just about any domestic draft for $3.00 If you like $1 you call it's, Monday offers $1 mostly any cock-tail after 9pmIf you like $1 you call its' with a younger crowd give Wednesday nights a try after 9pmMark has been the bartender there for years, he's incredibly friendly, helpful, and creative with his craft. Look for him mostly any day besides Wednesday and Sunday... Also, the Tuesday beer/wings deal is fantastic :D
2	I only go on Wednesday nights for $1 You-Call-Its.  I've had some of the food and it's okay.  The bar itself isn't very appealing. In fact, the clientele that The Vine draws is rather questionable, except during the school year when it draws a lot of students.
2	I've only been here a few times and my last time was very unpleasant. I was meeting a group of friends at this tavern to have a good time. Upon my entry I found out a friend of mine needed a ride. I left to go pick her up. When I went back to my car to go get more customers I ran into a snarky towing guy who made it clear that he wanted to tow my car. Bewildered I said, I'm meeting a group of friends here and I need to go pick one up. He replied that regardless, I parked walked inside and then walked out. In his eyes I should be towed. I informed him that if he wants to ensure business success and good customer reviews maybe he should be a little less eager to tow possible customers and ultimately profit. Needless to say my friends and I took our money elsewhere for the evening.
5	I really liked this place a lot.  The service was great, Mark (our bartender) was awesome!They had a great selection of beers & the food was really good. I definitely look forward to going to this bar again.
4	Wings are Damn fine.  Great specials.   $3.00 craft pints all day Friday & Saturday.
5	Still the best wings!+ $4 steins. How can you beat it?This Santan beer is excellent.
5	By far the BEST WINGS I have ever had. They are perfectly crunchy, kinda sweet in the best way possible and they taste great in whatever flavor you get them in. I prefer hot/superhot and I have never been let down. The thing that makes em better than BWW and other wing places is because their wings are drenched in sauce! I def recommend this place!
3	A revisit after 22 years.Wednesday evening, I was out and about with friends from out of town and wanted to show them a favorite old haunt with good food and drink without spending a fortune.  The Vine is close to home, so we could take the Valley Metro City Limo and avoid any problem of driving after drinking.  With $1 you call it on Wednesday, I figured 3 of us for drinks and dinner could be inexpensive.The staff in the old days had standards of service.  Those standards have apparently not been maintained by the current management.  In the previous days (1989-1991), I could swear the service folks had timers set...they were so consistent in their visits.  Now, unless you tip $5 on the initial visit, you are not going to see the staff at your table nearly as often.The wings are still good...the drinks are decent...the service has gone from good to fair.
4	Very crowded at happy Hour with regulars and old timers. They supposedly have great wings and my date ate them up like a champion from what I can recall. My turkey melt was very good as well with real turkey and great bread and the fries were in good form, crispy and hot. A good place, but maybe better at off hours if you hate crowds.
4	Went here after a final to enjoy some lunch booze and food with some classmates.Had a fine time with the beer selection. I drink import, but my friends that drink local beers had a field day with the prices.Food was a little salty, so I won't give them 5 stars ( I tried a wrap). I did try some of my friends' food and was not disappointed, but can't say I was blown away.
1	If you have a dog with you, as many people in Tempe do, don't go here. The employees and the manager here will turn you away on the basis that their drunk customers will mess with your dog. Do yourself a favor, take you and your dog to Handlebar, spend the same, or more(!), amount of money there because they will accommodate you and your pet with the amount of respect that you deserve.
3	I enjoy The Vine and stop by once in a while.  During our most recent visit a very large dust ball fell from the ceiling fan. About the size of a golf ball. Nothing was done about this except turning the fans on to get the rest of the dust off. Just don't eat/drink under the fans.  Great drink specials and food is pretty good. I recommend this place to everyone who loves dive bars.
1	Took forever to get tab. Felt ignored
4	I must confess...I was incredibly impressed with their fish n' chips here!  I'm not a fan of their staff...I get it, you're busy, but at least acknowledge someone like me who is going to make an easier drink order than someone who doesn't know where they heck he or she is in some drunken stupor.
3	Not a bad place to hang out. Wednesday night is the night to go for the dollar you call it and little draft beers. A cheap night out on the town to get wasted there with a bunch of college kids. Service is not all that good but the place gets packed.
4	This place is the place  to be during Teach for America induction/institute.  Does it deserve so much attention?  Probably not, but they step up to the waves of alcohol hungry corps members and keep us happily intoxicated.  Now, I have no idea what it's like during the rest of the year when ASU isn't over run by TFA, but during our summer training, it's often a mad house.What's good: they have constant specials as well as a regular happy hour.  I managed to get several large beers (I believe it was one angry orchard and a blue moon), shots of tequila (x3) and their apple pie shooter, with tip, for under $45 -- oh! and an order of fried zucchini coins.  I was contentedly drunk and happy with the weight of my wallet (I aimed  to spend $40, so it wasn't bad at all).I'm a beer novice, so I can't at all speak to the quality or selection - but, hey, it's pretty damn affordable (maybe that's just a beer thing...I used to drink a lot more "queer beer" than anything else :) ).  Now the zucchini coins were lovely.  Crisp on the outside, soft on the inside.  Sadly, the kitchen closes well before they do (it was closed by 11 pm on a Friday).  When it's crazy in here it seems that food orders may not find their way to your table, so you'll have to keep your eyes open.    Still, the bartender (don't know his name, but particularly the guy with the pony-tail) is on top of his game.  he does a pretty good job of keeping track of who's up to order and juggles cards/cash, cups and customers pretty well.Space here is ample, with a misted patio and kind of a three tiered room setup, with pool tables in the third "tier."  There are tables, booths and stools inside.  The decor is pretty blah and the music selection is definitely not a focal point (at least I hope not...that would be disappointing).  I've heard they mix it up some, but most of the time I haven't noticed.  It's also not too loud.  If you're looking for a hip notable ambiance, this isn't the spot for you.  If you just want to hang and not have to scream to talk, this is a decent spot.I won't be driving across town to get here, but if I'm on campus or in the area, I'd meet friends here.
4	This place really isn't half bad.  I have heard a mixture of reviews about it from my friends, but they roped me in with the enticing $3 beer specials. Though it appears small from the outside, the Vine is quite spacious and definitely capable of providing libations and entertainment to the masses in a quick and satisfactory way. I decided to venture out here for a co-worker's birthday and was tickled pink that karaoke was about to go down. Cheap drinks, masses of people, and karaoke? What more  could you possibly want on a Thursday night?The service and selection here is quite favorable. In fact, I'm pretty pumped that The Vine was clean and well lit.  Most bars i've been to have provided quite the opposite experience. Overall, there is definitely room for improvement... but nothing that will seriously keep me from soaking up all that is has to offer in the next few days. Chug on my friends. Chug on.
5	I visited this place during the summer so it was pretty quiet and empty. I heard from the bartender that during school (it's right next to ASU) it gets pretty busy. I had their traditional wings with fries and it was delicious. Good food and good service. Pretty nifty place!
5	Love this place for it's homey feel. Best weekday specials, best karaoke on Thursdays, best bartender on MTuFrSa. Mark is beyond amazing. He talks to you like a friend and treats you like a normal person, no corporate smiles bullshit. Mark is amazing. Trent is grumpy but we don't hold that against the place.
1	30+. If you're ugly and poor you're welcome here anytime of the day! Cheap shots, beers and ladies!
5	Love the wings, love the daily beer specials.
3	I've been coming here a long time.  The food is fair and the drinks are cheap.  I gave this place three stars based on the cheap drinks and the two bartenders Mark and Trent that help keep this place the gem it's always been.  Recently a bartender Janey has been working who's bad attitude has ruined almost every experience my friends and I have had.  She's a rude piece of white trash who should probably eat a cracker once in a while. This place is fine just not when Janey's working, lol.
5	Classic Vine. I found great solace here at the Vine as an alumni from the University of Iowa who moved out to Phoenix shortly after graduation. There are only 4 Vines that I know of any where around the country. Two located in the Iowa City area and two in the Great Phoenix region. I lived on ASU's campus for training during the first two months when I moved here. I was so happy to find a great local Iowa City bar's sister to be located right across the street. It really took me back to my college days since the atmosphere, food and drinks are all so similar.  This Vine location even has the upper hand on the Iowa City location since it is such a bigger venue. The food here is all your typical bar food and everything taste good and is very affordable. I personally am a huge fan of the wings here. They have such a great variety of sauces for you to try from. Pro-tip: Come Thursdays for Karaoke Night. The host has a huge selection, but he loves playing the classics more than anything.
