4	My wife and I had an excellent dinner here last Friday.  We came here just to have a drink and check out the place a few weeks ago and my wife has officially deemed this place to have the greatest appletini she's ever had.  Thanks to Joey the bartender!  He also broke out a menu for us just to look at so we thought we'd give this place a try.Very friendly and helpful staff, nice atmosphere..not that the Silverton is a dive by any means but if you were blindfolded and just put into this restaurant..you would never, ever guess you were at the Silverton.  Menu looked great and the prices weren't out of control.  I got the big scallop appetizer ($12) and she got the lobster bisque ($10).  For entrees, she went with the rare 8 oz filet as always ($24) and I opted for the cajun ribeye ($26).  This was by far the leanest cut of ribeye I had ever had.  But I wasn't into the white sauce or cajun sauce they put on it and pretty much scraped all of it off the cut but still good.  We just went with a side of potato puree which was a nice compliment to all the flesh on our plates.No room for dessert as usual because the bread was so damn good!!
5	Dinner @ Twin Creeks was awesome.  Food and service were great.  Joey was our server and he was on top of his game.  He was very enthused about a certain wine and we ordered and the winos at the table loved it.  The food was great, from the bread to the appetizers to the main course.  To start off we had the scallops and the kobe beef carpaccio.  They were both very good.  I had the bone in rib-eye, it was perfect.  Others ordered the filet mignon with sides, the truffled potatoes are a must!  Steak fries were huge!  Overall a great experience!!
5	Definitely a winner all around...food,price,atmosphere,service.  also overlooked is that this is a Bourbon boutique.  I'm not the biggest bourbon drinker, but you gots ta have a good drink now and then....just ask John at the bar to give you his reco and enjoy!  I tried one called H.L. Wells I believe, the aroma was amazing, the potency was powerful, cleared my sinuses! They only get 3 bottles a year.....I've tried the Prime Rib, very good with the creamy horseradish of course...and the Rib Eye, also very good.  So far, one of the top choices for steak on my list, Wollenskis is good, but the pricing gives Twin Creeks the edge......Silverton?  YES, the Silverton.... til next time, good eating!
4	A pleasant surprise - missed hitting morel's for lunch yesterday as part of Restaurant Week ( damn job ! ) so as a compromise, i noticed Twin Creeks ( i keep calling the place twin peaks - not sure why ) was participating in RW, think i have comp $$ from playing craps, let's do it ! the $50 meal - 4 courses - Nice bread basket - i just luv da pretzel bread - no matter where i go ! 1st course - seafood cocktail - shrimp, blue crab and lobster - i envisioned a sundae container filled near the top with lettuce/celery then a dollop of each crustacean on top , smothered in cocktail sauce - not even close ! fancy glass plate with three separate piles, with three separate sauces - two huge shrimp w/ small container of cocktail sauce ( there you go, i knew i'd get some CS ! ) a cylinder of formed blue crab with a sauce that i'm completely drawing a blank on , and a claw of lobster meat with a stone mustard sauce - gf and i loved the shrimp, loved the lobster but avg on the crab - the mustard tasted great ! 2nd course - either caesar salad or caprese . i opted for Caesar - ok , nothing crazy there. Gf went with caprese - another cylinder formed dish - unusual presentation - ok on the taste - needed more basil and a lil more salt. 3rd course - either chicken ( can't remember how prepped ), scallops stuffed w/ crab ( basically crab cake on top of the scallops with a Bearnaise sauce - very good ! ) or filet mignon - kinda dull but the gf really like it 4th course - either carrot cake or creme brulee - of course we had one of each - creme brulee simple, large serving, the carrot cake - a little unusual. it was basically carrot cheesecake with carrot cake filling - we both liked it though very rich. The service started a little slow but at the end a slight snag when they brought the salads, i asked about the seafood cocktail - they forgot it, so it became the 2nd course, still overall, the service and the meal itself were very good - I'm coming back ! They currently have a 2 for one special at all the restaurants at Silverton ( 4-10 pm ) - we're definitely coming back !!
4	As their advertisement states, this restaurant offers "Strip quality dining at stripped down prices".  We were served a basket of artisan rolls to start off.  Both of us ordered the queens cut roast beef, medium rare, off the Classics section of the menu. Our entrees included a very good house salad and two sides.  Ann chose mashed potatoes and steamed asparagus.  I selected broccolini and asparagus while requesting balsamic vinegar which our server indicated would have to come from another of their restaurants.  Our prime ribs were more than ample, perfectly cooked and the best I have had in ages. Given the quality of our entrees, the attentive service, reasonable pricing and overall ambiance, it is difficult to beat Twin Creeks, but it got better.  The Silverton has a long running a 2/1 dining special for its Silver and above cardholders.
2	The restaurant was not as busy as on past visits and I now suspect corners are being cut to bolster the bottom line.  We were served a basket of artisan bread and each ordered the prime rib, medium rare, along with asparagus and a baked potato.  The prime rib was cooked as ordered, but it was exceptionally fatty.  The baked potato was overcooked and even the asparagus spears were not as tasty or crisp as in the past.  To put the nail in the coffin, our server was a bit too lackadaisical.
5	I'm almost hesitant to write a review for this place because it is the best-kept secret in Vegas steakhouse dining and I'd prefer to keep it that way!  But oh well, nothing stays secret forever.  This restaurant is exceptional in every way:  the ambiance, the food, the service, and the price.  For $28 you can get a delicious bourbon ribeye, two sides (baked potato, asparagus, broccoli, mac & cheese are some of the choices), salad, and bread service.  You read that correctly:  $28.  Anywhere else it's probably $35-$40 just for the steak, another $8 for each side, and $6 for the salad.  And the food is fantastic, I've been to about a dozen steakhouses in town and I would put Twin Creeks' steaks up against probably anyone's except the Golden Steer and the Luxor's steakhouse (that includes places like Prime at the Bellagio, Blackstone at the Monte Carlo (or whatever it's called now), Kokomo's at the Mirage, Morton's on Flamingo, and  Austin's at Texas Station).  I always get double mac & cheese ar my sides and it's delicious, it tastes like bacon and has breadcrumbs baked on top.  My wife gets the asparagus and says it's the best she's ever had.  Other dishes that our friends have tried include the prime rib, which got rave reviews, and the filet mignon, which was also liked.  Service is quick and friendly and the ambiance is perfect for a steakhouse:  comfortable tables and booths, dim lighting, and a wall that has flowing water on rocks with a color-changing background.  Very relaxing.  I am a big fan of this steakhouse and I recommend it to anyone.
5	I first heard about Twin Creeks from on of my coworkers.  He's a bourbon aficionado, having toured the Bourbon Trail in Kentucky, being a Maker's Mark Ambassador, and so forth.  Bourbon's become my drink of choice, and he recommended Twin Creeks for their bourbon selection.It was a Saturday night sometime near the end of January that I made my first visit to Twin Creeks, based on my coworkers recommendation.  I went strictly for the bourbon, so I didn't dine here during that visit.  What started as grabbing a quick drink turned into me staying at the Silverton till 4:00am; yes, the alcohol helped fuel that, but beyond that it was the people that made me stay.  The staff is very friendly and they care about their customers.  Jay is one funny guy, if you happen to meet him.  The bartender that night was Joey, who was also great for both cocktails and for anecdotes.  And finally the regulars at Twin Creeks helped complete the social experience; you could tell the restaurant is located in a locals casino, with almost everyone sitting at the bar being regulars.  I knew that this place was something special based on the drinks and the people; I just needed to come back here for the food.On a side note, there is a very good selection of bourbon here at Twin Creeks.  You ask for a list of bourbon's at most restaurants and they'll probably respond with Knob Creek and Maker's Mark.  Behind the bar you'll find bottles of Pappy van Winkle, Elijah Craig, Woodford Reserve, Russell's Reserve, AH Hirsch...they had a good selection to choose from.  You can get a snifter ranging from $7-$50 depending on the bottling, or you can go for one of their tasting flights.  I believe they ranged from $15 to $35, but don't quote me on that.  They had a basic flight, a rye flight, and a more expensive flight that included the Pappy van Winkle 23 year (bottles of that go for $275!).  Of course there are the cocktails!  Go for the Orange Creek: muddled orange, Peychaud's Bitters, Cointreu, and Woodford Reserve.  Your palate will thank you.I've since revisited this restaurant multiple times, once for a friend's birthday dinner in February, and the most recent being last night.  The food menu has an area for "Twin Creeks Classics" that includes four different cuts of Prime Rib, four seafood dishes and four meat dishes.  These 12 dishes come with a bread basket, a house salad and your choice of two sides (baked potato, mashed potato, mac n cheese, brocolini or asparagus).  The "Twin Creeks Classics" ranged from about $20 to $40 I think.  If you just HAD to have a side I would recommend choosing from this menu.  The other part of the menu is a la carte, with your entree being served on its own; salad and sides are extra.  The first meal I had here was the Prime 16oz New York Steak.  I ordered it with a side of mashed potatoes.  The steak came with garlic on the side.  This was an excellent steak that I would expect to pay twice as much for at another steak house.  The meat was juicy, cooked medium the way I asked, and every bite just begged you to take one more, no matter how full your stomach tells you it is.  Bits of garlic with each bite added greatly to the flavor of the meat.  The mashed potatoes were good; nothing extraordinary, but also not something that came out of a packet and was microwaved.  My friend ordered a cut of their prime rib (I forget what size), which was great as well.  This is good prime rib that you are paying much less for than say, at Lawry's.  For sides she ordered the asparagus and baked potato; if you love potatoes like I do, I would recommend the baked potato over the mashed.  I'm not a big fan of asparagus, but my friend enjoyed it very much.The second meal I had here was just last night, and it was just as good as the first.  This time I went for the Bourbon BBQ Bone-In Rib Eye, while my friend got the Scallops.  The rib eye was again cooked medium the way I had asked, and it was just bursting with flavor.  In addition to the excellent meat, the Bourbon BBQ sauce was light and had a delicious sweetness that complemented the rib eye without overpowering it.  Me being me, I got my potatoes mixed up and ordered the mashed potatoes again instead of the baked; again they were good but nothing special.  As for my friends scallops, those were TASTY!  I believe there were 5 scallops, each seemingly the size of a golf ball, served in a white sauce.  I couldn't place the sauce, but my friend mentioned light butter, maybe white wine etc.  This was another excellent meal that makes me excited for my next visit.I like me some bourbon, and I like me some meat.  This place delivers on both ends, with a fun staff and friendly regular customers that help make the experience even better.  Whenever I've sat at the bar, I've been there well past their closing time chatting with the bartender and other customers.  Everything about this place makes me want to come back, which I've been doing at least once a month.
4	Twin Creeks is a steakhouse tucked away by the casino cage of the Silverton Casino, which is one of the outlying casinos on the south side of town.  You can see it on your way in from LA to your left.  Though not a review of the casino, it is worth mentioning that the casino caters primarily to locals which means so does the steakhouse.The interior decor is nice and fancy, a bit different than the "rustic" lodge look that goes for the rest of the joint, which isn't a bad thing either.  As you enter, you will be greeted by a single hostess, which I like better than the 3 - 5 hostess thing that a lot of fancy joints seem to employ these days.It is fairly noisy in here as the place is really two small areas with a booths on the edges and tables for larger groups in the middle.  If you are dining with three or less, it might be good to request a booth if you want some amount of privacy.Service in general is a bit slow, but not necessarily in a bad way.  Just that you should not be in a rush to see a show or press your sports bets.  Primarily, the bar service gets pretty backed up.  I suspect it is because it was happy hour.  There is also a host (or manager?) greeting each table.  Pretty old school, nice touch.Speaking of happy hour, I was pleasantly surprised that they would run happy hour on a Saturday night.  Basically it is half off their tapas menu and their specialty drinks.  The tapas menu just has about 10 items and are fairly simple.  Since tapas was not our focus, I just ordered the bacon wrapped shrimp and the calamari ($10 and $8 non-happy hour).  The shrimp was good, but just four pieces, while the calamari was pretty good, but probably a smaller portion than average.  The drink menu is only 10 or so mixed drinks such as mojito, martini expresso, mint julip and sangrias.  The drinks for fine and are a good deal at $5 ($3 for sangrias) I wouldn't recommend going tapas or specialty drinks without happy hour pricing.Not on the happy hour were the oysters $11 from Connecticut.  They were pretty good, though nothing special.  I also had their chop salad $8, pretty standard bleu cheese and bacon, not a sharable portion.You get a basket of fancy bread with your meal.  Actually quite good.Side dishes were brocollini $7 and mac n cheese $7.  The former was about five stalks, not enough for 2, I would say.  The latter was about a 5 inch skillet size.  Pretty good, but not amazing.For the main dishes, we ordered the 28oz porterhouse x2 ($36) and the scallops ($22).  Oddly enough, they didn't have any "porterhouse for two" available on their menu, though it would have saved us some dough.  The steaks were decent, made to specs, but again not particularly great, but not bad either.  It had this odd consistency like it was "too smooth", I couldn't taste the muscle fibers... hard to describe.  You get five scallops with your order, so while they are good, it is for lighter appetites.The dessert menu was pretty weak, so we passed.  It mostly consisted of ice-cream dishes and tiramisu.  If this dessert is a big deal, be sure to check ahead to see what they have as this may rotate around.Total bill pre-tip = $181.18 for 9 cocktails, 2 tapas, oysters, chop salad, mac n cheese, broccolini, 2 28oz steaks, scallops.  I'd say a pretty good deal.  Happy hour saved us $43.50.Overall, this place is a good place to celebrate in particular if you are a local.  If you are a tourist and want to go somewhere nice, but not pay the fancy strip prices, this is also good for you.  If you want to be "seen" on the scene, then this is definitely not your scene.  Be sure to make reservations.  Despite the recession, this place was pretty busy.
5	Food is GREAT. Had my wedding rehearsal dinner here. Excellent service and we were able to get a private room which they allowed us to decorate. Highly recommend!!!
1	One of the worst experiences I've ever had at a "fine" dining establishment.  The food was OK, but in contrast to the awful service my fiance and I felt as if the 5 minute trip down the road to the Silverton would not be worth it.  The hostess was prompt with getting our table, considering that we arrived at 7:40ish on a Friday night without reservations.  Right after we were sat, the server's assistant came up and offered us bottled or tap water.  About 5 minutes later we were finally greeted by our server who insisted on constantly referring to both my fiance and I as "hun" (something you would expect at Denny's and not at a steak house).  Regardless, we got our orders in - a medium rare filet ($26) and lobster bisque for the fiance and the cold water lobster tail (comes with your choice of 2 sides and a house salad for only $30!).  Since we were instructed that the sides from the lobster would be substantial, we did not order any more sides (I would have liked to try the truffle potatoes - sad panda).  Soon after ordering, our bread basket filled with cheese and cracked black pepper crackers, a mini pretzel loaf, popovers, and a hazelnut chocolate bread was placed on our table.  The hazelnut chocolate was my favorite (similar to the chocolate bread at Vintner's Grill).  Next our salad and soup came out. The salad was slightly over dressed and the soup was a bit too salty for me, however the flavor was good.  We leisurely ate our salad and soup and after all the bread was eaten and our plates were cleared we waited for our entrees.  And waited... and waited... and FINALLY after about 15-20 minutes, our entrees came out.  When the fiance cut into his filet it was NOT medium rare, nor was it medium... it was damn well near well-done (not the good well done, the bad well-done).  After 5 minutes of waiting for someone to come by, we flagged down a food runner and told him our situation.  He informed us that usually the edges are more cooked than the middle... so we cut right down the middle to find a very, very slightly pink inside (indicative of well done).  He finally took away the plate.  We waited for another 15 minutes... still NO sign of our server.  However, when she did show up she almost passed us by then gave us a puzzled look and said, "what's up?"  To which I asked if she had heard from the runner that our steak was returned.  At first she sounded like she had no idea, then as if something dawned on her she said, "Let me check on that."  She came back to tell us it would be four more minutes.  Time ticked away and our sides and my lobster got about as cold as the "cold-water" it came from.  10 more minutes passed.  Finally, the runner brought out the filet.  The fiance was fuming by that time and he could barely eat.  Up to this point we had not heard a single "sorry."  We were basically treated as if WE were the horrible ones for not being able to accept a WELL-DONE piece of filet mignon.  For one thing, why would anyone get a filet mignon well done???  AND why would you ever greet a table with "what's up?" Wow. The only service we got from our waitress was when she came back once to refill our regular Pepsi with DIET Pepsi.  Our entire bill came out to about $70.  We still left a 20% tip, but did speak to the manager after.  He was apologetic and an overall nice guy.  For the cheap price and the convenience this is a good find... although I would not subject myself to such sloppy and unapologetic service unless I was a masochistic insane person.  IF I do come back... I will avoid the server I had like the plague!  Overall this place was such a let down.  I guess I'll stick to Del Frisco's next time.
5	Excellent food, excellent service. Have the scallops and you will not be disappointed.
4	Had a gambling session one night and got hungry. Looked at their menu and read "Bourbon BBQ Bone-in Rib Eye"?!.. My preference cut of meat, barbecued?.. Hmm, interesting I thought.. I need to try it!I Had a drink from the bar to start off the night. I was feeling experimental so I just had the mixologist make me something "good" based on bourbon (since they have such an extensive selection). I don't remember the name of the drink but boy was it strong and flavorful. The place is well decorated, hip and casual. Server was informative and easy going.  I did order the bbq steak with a side of mashed potatoes and steamed asparagus. Shortly, the server brings over the steak and seemed concerned that the steak wasn't cooked to my liking as the chef wanted to make sure. It was fine and I thought what a nice gesture.. At first glance, the bbq steak had some glossy glaze over it, out of the ordinary. I do like good bbq and good steak as well and this was the hybrid of both. It had a mild aroma of bbq, texture that was soft but held up and a flavor that was uniquely scrumptious. It took me about half the steak to really absorb its full flavor. The mashed potato was silky smooth. Asparagus was nothing special but having some greens never hurt!  Came back here several times after and must say I'm definitely a fan of this place: staff had great consistent attitude, price is fair and everything I've tried here so far has failed to disappoint.Suggestions: (other than the bbq ribeye and mashed potatoes)Chicken MilaneseTruffled PotatoesPan Seared Salmonstuffed mushrooms (tapas menu)
5	Review is just for the bar:When you take a seat at the bar in Twin Creeks, it's easy enough to accept the illusion that you're in a nice lounge attached to a steakhouse.  But you're not.  The bartender walking in front of the line of bourbon bottles isn't just there to serve you.  He's there to educate.  And those bottles?  They're your school books.  And that bar?  It's actually a schoolhouse and one you will desperately want to visit.  The night we went there, the bartender was a certified mixologist and he started off by making the most amazing cucumber mojito.  I'm not into mixed drinks and I wouldn't normally consider cucumber and liquor to be the best mixture, but the drink was fantastically crisp, cool and had the perfect touch of sour.But the real reason that I will come back here again and again is the bourbon.  Our mixologist started by asking what kinds of bourbon I liked.  We talked about the craft that certain distilleries use and why one has a sharper, sweeter or smokier flavor than another.  And when he had a good sense of what I liked and what I didn't, he put together a custom flute (selection of four bourbon shots) to match my preferences and  to expand my taste horizon.  I loved one of his choices so much that I stopped at Lee's Liquor Store on the way home to buy a bottle.For those that believe customer service is dead in Las Vegas, the mixologist at Twin Creeks will blow your mind.  He is, simply put, amazing.  My only criticisms of the place is location.  Twin Creeks is wayyy off the map of regular Vegas.  But the experience was so over-the-top quality that I now drive people off the strip and down to Silverton Casino just for this bar.  They may not have the massive, eyes-bulging out of your head selection of the Whiskey Attic, but the shelf is stocked pretty deep with bourbon and the customer service is 5 star.
4	If you are looking for a swanky steakhouse experience that won't break the bank, this place might be your best bet in town! We dined in the lounge because we wanted to participate in happy hour (6-8 PM, tuesday - saturday!), and the restaurant was fully booked that evening. Service was spotty during happy hour (your waiter is the bartender), but improved substantially after the happy hour people cleared out around 8:30 PM. Happy hour includes 1/2 price specialty cocktail (nice mix of martinis and even hot beverages - can you say hot toddy?!) and also includes 1/2 price tapas! We were interested to try the bacon wrapped dates (a steal at $3.50 during HH), but sadly they were already sold out for the evening. They had some interesting offerings (chorizo fondue, etc), and all were under $10 (under $5 during HH) if memory serves. Will definitely have to go back to try those tapas!We tried 2 specialty cocktails - a blackberry muddled martini and a dragon eye (lychee) drink. Both were REALLY well made, abundant with fresh fruit, and potent. Well balanced and strong is how I like my drinks and they delivered here!The main draw here is the "classics" menu in which you choose a well price entree and get 2 sides and a salad included. Based on our cravings, we ended up with *2 lobster tails from the classics menu ($50, one tail was $31, FYI), served with a salad, mac and cheese, and mashed potatoes*12 oz filet mignon, a la carte ($27) served with creamed corn ($7)The lobster was actually REALLY good. I hate rubbery gross lobster, but this passed the test. Soft, perfect texture. No weird flavor. YUM. The steak on the other hand was just ok. For the price it was outstanding, but haven just eaten at Hanks last week the memory of a nice pricey steak was still too fresh in my mind. I'd get steak here again, but I'd try another cut next time. I'd put the steak way better than Outback, but definitely not in the "top tier" steak range (Hanks, Cut, Carnevino, Strip Steak, etc, etc), but for half the price it's an INSANE value!!!Sides were really awesome. Fabulous mac and cheese and the creamed corn was loaded with bacon - YUM. I hate creamed corn but I couldn't stop eating the bacon loaded version ! Like everything in life - bacon always makes it better! The salad was pretty eh, but then I hate onions and it was onion-y. Bread basket was delish (pretzel bread, parkerhouse!!), but would have been better served warm.We had 2 glasses of great wine, and the bartender was kind enough to make recommendations for our next visit and even pour us some sample glasses of things he likes! Our total with 2 lobsters, 12 oz filet, 2 martinis, 2 wines, 3 sides, 1 salad, was $120! Not a "cheap" dinner, but cheap compared to nearly every other nice steak house in town. We will definitely be back - the tapas menu and happy hour martinis are calling my name.
4	After dining here the words that come to mind when thinking about this place are: comfortable and great value.  Twin Creeks is the steak house in the Silverton casino and while I've been in this casino dozens of times I didn't think about eating here until just recently. When you walk in there's a small bar and lounge to the right. Just past that to the left and further back into the restaurant is one of the most comfortable dining rooms I've been to recently. There are some secluded booths that would be perfect for a romantic night out and plenty of other tables with over-sized leather sofas that make you feel like you're at home the second you sit down. It's a perfect setting to get your self into a food coma.We weren't that hungry so we decided to split an app and entree. First up were the crab cakes ($15). It came out as two small ones with three pieces of asparagus all on top of some sauce that probably had a ton of butter. The description said they were jumbo lump crab cakes but there weren't any large chunks of crab. I still can't find crab cakes that come close to real Maryland ones but these were pretty good nonetheless.Our entree came with a salad that split for us. Nice touch. It was good, as far as salads go. The main dish ($42) was a special that isn't always on their menu -- Alaskan king crab legs. After a long wait (maybe half and hour or more after we finished the salad) it came out. 2.5 large legs cut lengthwise along with a gravy boat of clarified butter... yum! There was plenty of sweet, soft crab meat to fill both of us up. The dish also came out with more asparagus and a large baked potatoes with all the fixins on the side (the large, diced up chunks of bacon were amazing).Service was solid, but they could have timed the dishes better. The food and atmosphere were great, making this place an ideal spot for anyone looking for a nice, "fancy" meal out at a reasonable price. It isn't cheap, but compared to places on the strip Twin Creeks is an amazing value for the quality of food served.4.5 Stars
4	We had happy hour last night at Twin Creeks and all I have to say is, WHAT A BARGAIN! We walked in at 6pm, happy hour lasts until 8pm.  The lounge was pretty small and was already filling up.  Since there was 4 of us, the only table available was right in front of the band ( okay may not a whole band but two guys, one with bongos and the other with guitar and electric piano)There was one table available but we were told someone had already "reserved" it- apparently a man came in and said he wanted that table so they set it up and he never came back...maybe you shouldn't hold tables for people during happy hour?? Either take it now or let someone else have it.Okay, so let's start with our waitress, she was VERY nice but as the place filled up, she ended up taking a large party and we hardly saw her after we got a few drinks and some food..SO, my advice to Twin Creeks management? Uh- have a cocktail waitress designated to the lounge area only during happy hour?? Anyhow- since Thursdays are $1 well drink at all bars in the Silverton, that included Twin Creeks- SCORE!!  I ordered a drink called Dragon's eye- had lychee puree and a lime or lemon vodka and it was $5.  The mister kept with vodka tonics $1 each!  The well drinks in the restaurant were better than the other bars in the Silverton, not as watered down.Now- tapas...here is the breakdown of what we ordered:Stuffed mushrooms- it was okay, not spectacular.Roasted potato- delish! Was covered in a indian spice and had a chipotle aioli.Meatballs- not bad, not dry, good flavor and marinaraSmoked salmon on brioche toast and fried capers- SOOOO good! I wanted to order another!We also ordered an Ahi Tuna dish that's not on the HH menu- was not bad either, it was on a bed of some type of seaweed and apple-pear. My friends ordered the bacon wrapped dates, which was actually very good considering I'm not a fan of sweet/savory combos.  The bacon wrapped shrimp was a little dry.Overall- it was a good night.  Our bill after 4 well drinks, 1 martini, one entree and 3 tapas only came to $38!!! Woo hoo!! We will definitely be back!!!
5	Curse you Anthony M for not sharing this place sooner!!Never did i know that the Silverton contained such a gem. Their happy hour deal is a dream come true. Going to go into my style of describing everything i rememberDrinksManhattan- Completely agree with Ken M that this drink is potent. Boozy yet has a very nice flavorful sweetness from the marmalade and honey mix.Dragon's Eye- Wasnt too impressed with this one. They pureed lychees as a main ingredient but it lacked a lychee taste which was what i was expecting. To me this kind of tasted a bit like orange sherbert.Tiramisu Martini - Wow! Tastes like a boozy version of the classic cake! Epic Winz!TapasMeatballs- The sauce is rather pleasant but the meatballs themselves were nothing to write home about. I'd skip out on this one next timeCalamari- Some good stuff! the sauce is balanced perfectly and the squid bits were big and meaty with light flavorful breadingStuffed Peppers- Quite nice, the same cheese is used in the stuffed mushrooms. The balance from the sweetness of the roasted peppers and the savoriness of the cheese pair very well. Stuffed Mushrooms- White button mushrooms stuffed with cheese then topped with another cheese. Epic Win.Bacon Wrapped Stuffed Dates- Holy...Dude....These things...Wooo...Order two of them cause they're divine. Bacony, chewy, with a sweet finish. The blue cheese is good tooSpicy Red Potatos- Reminds me of cajun tuna or albacore cept with potatoes instead of lightly seared fish Bacon Wrapped Shrimp- Shrimp? No this place dont use shrimp...The use Prawns. Big ol prawns wrapped in bacon. Cant go wrong with that.Appetizers off main menuCrab Cakes- Divine absolutely divine. The butter sauce is quite nice and the cakes themselves are flaky with crab meat.Shrimp Cocktail- WHOA!! The prawns are back!! Again giant meaty prawns with house made cocktail sauce. The prawns lay on a bed of jellied cocktail sauce and thin slices of candied lemon. SuperbThink i found a new hangout spot.
5	Thanks Anthoy T for intorduce Twin creeks to me.Their Happy hour deal is awesome.Bartender did really good job. Even thogh in happy hour they did their best.When I got my drinks I can taste every ingredient. It was very well mixed.Their Manhattan was really good. I took Tiramisu Martini. I felt like I drink real Tiramisu.Also, I took Warm Chai Kiss. It was awesome. Their Tapa list was wonderful and taste was goooooooood.Fried Calamari(special sance was good), Stuffed Mushroom(mushroom was melting with cheese in my mouth), Bacon wrapped Dates( two thumbs up!), Stuffed Peppers(red pepper was sweet enough to enjoy), Bacon wrapped Shrimp(crispy bacon with shrimp...nice!).I will try again soon definitely.
5	I discovered this hidden Jewel among Las Vegas Hotels off the Strip. I became a frequent diner ever since I was introduced to this place by Anthony M last year.  Previously, I had my birthday dinner here and thanksgiving dinner with friend's family. On any day of the week, if I am feeling like having a good drink after work, I occasionally hit this spot. They have a great selection of bourbon which I like the most! The staffs are always friendly and very polite. On 23rd of Dec., we had a little gathering(UYE) with other Yelpers(Anthony M, Paolo D, Ken M, Jen S, Tien N, & Sun M-Thanks for the great time!!!) :) I was informed that there's going to be a Happy Hour menu of tapas & cocktails from 6 to 8pm. Instead of having a dinner menu, I tried some of their dishes & drinks from the HH menu. Very much enjoyed the live music also... I tried..... *Tapas* 1. Bacon wrapped Stuffed Dates (Maytag Bleu Cheese in a red wine reduction)-I really liked the texture of crispy bacon wrapped over the sweet & juicy dates 2. Stuffed Piquillo Peppers(stuffed with tomato sauce, garlic cream cheese, & fresh mozzarella cheese)-the taste of red piquillo pepper was sweet & well blended with the cheese 3. Chorizo-Cheese Roasted Tomato fondue served w/fried pita- the little chunk of the sun dried tomatoes and the sausage were the bomb 4.Smoke Salmon toasts-enjoyed taste of pickled ginger & the fried casper 5.Stuffed Mushrooms-The Best out of all tapas!!! So juicy, love the taste of choriso and parmesan cheese all together 6. Calamari-yumm 7. Meatballs-the sherry tomato sauce wasn't too sweet at all *Drinks* 1.Manhattan(TC's special manhattan)-I have tried it before at TC and the consistency of the drink is perfectly presented all times. The bartender makes the drink from the pre-made glass jar of infused bourbon with orange, vanilla, & cinnamon stick. He muddled the orange marmalade nicely to loosen, along with a squeeze of lemon juice and a dash of orange bitters. I want to say,,it's a 'Marmalade Manhattan'. Awesome drink! 2.Peppermint Paddy( warmed cocktails)-It was a perfect holiday warm cocktail :) Omg,,,,the vanilla, chocolate, and mint flavor was overpowering. I pretty much enjoyed the garnished peppermint candy sprinkles on top of whip cream,, and then I slowly drank it down because it was a warmed drink :) This is one of my favorite places so far and I'm looking forward to come and dine again@TC next year :P
4	Credit to Anthony M and Jieun L for finding this little gem of a bar. Anthony set up a little UYE last week, so I stopped by for a few minutes. And I'm glad I did.I only recently discovered the Manhattan cocktail when a few friends invited me for some whiskey drinking. I enjoyed the Manhattan and the Perfect Manhattan that they made, but I'm not sure I would order it regularly. Let me tell you. I LOVE the Manhattan that they make at Twin Creeks (damn I forgot the bartender's name). He uses some homemade marmalade to really give the Manhattan a good flavor and sweetness, yet it maintains its potency. That sucker hit me right away!This was the night that I got tickets to watch Boyz II Men, so I couldn't stay, but I will definitely return. I believe their happy hour is from 6-8pm and you get half off all drinks and tapas items. I looked over their tapas menu and saw a couple of things I'd like to try. Great ambiance too. They had a live band playing, but I'm not sure if this is every night.Like Arnold's T-800, I'll be back.
5	Is this place for real?I went here with my boyfriend for a nice dinner and experienced an awesome meal that would have cost us $400 on the Strip. Seriously. The restaurant is comfortable inside and we happened to score a plush booth. Service was attentive and friendly.We started with the Shrimp cocktail, which consisted of 6 jumbo shrimp and spicy cocktail sauce. It was practically a meal on its own and very enjoyable. Next came lobster bisque  for the BF (nothing special) and a chopped salad for me (delicious). If you are a fan of balsamic vin, bacon, and blue cheese, you have to try the chopped salad. It was also the perfect size and not too filling despite its rich ingredients.For the main show, we each got a 28oz porterhouse. Please, judge me all you want. I couldn't decide if I wanted the NY strip or filet so I went with both. I ordered my steak medium rare and my companion medium well. Both pieces of meat came out cooked just fine and were absolutely gigantic. We also got truffled potatoes (so, so good) and broccolini (ehhh, little too buttery). Needless to say, a large doggy bag was taken home. Dessert was skipped because there were no chocolaty offerings for that night.Throughout the meal, I think we had 4 Crown drinks and went with tap water. I was convinced we'd be seeing at least a $250 bill at the end of our feast. The damage? $155.
5	If you missed Happy hours at TC?  Don't worry :)***Half Price*** on items from tapas menu including special cocktails:  Tue-Thur 9-10p, Fri-Sat 10-11p
5	Want a good steak? Try their Bourbon BBQ Rib Eye!Make a reservation...it's a great place for meat lovers!
5	Twin creeks! Fantastic!! My pregnant significant other was craving a steak Thursday night, and being in Southern Highlands this is just 5 mins away. We were not disappointed. We destroyed the basket of fresh rolls/bread/pretzels while I enjoyed a Thursday happy hour well drink for $1! I ordered the bbq bourbon ribeye and she ordered the petite filet, both with the baked mac and cheese which was to perfection and the baked potato (with all the fixins on the side). Wow, was it a lot of food and did not disappoint!The service was very good and they refilled our water every chance they got, if it was less than half full they topped it off. I had heard about the happy hour food specials but we didn't get seated til after 8 and we didn't wanna waste room for the steaks! The price was great too, this would cost well over $100-125 anywhere else. The ribeye was $29 and the filet was $28 (I believe those are right) and both included a salad and two large sides. There was also live music that was outstanding, we found ourselves singing along at the end of the night, completely enjoying our little date night. The only small thing I would criticize about this, was that the steak wasn't still really really hot when served. I cut into it and had my first bite, and it had cooled off. I know what steak enthusiasts will say, that it cooks for 5 mins after its taken off the heat and gotta let the juices sit in the meat, and to serve it a few mins after its off the heat, but damnit I want my steak super hot and sizzling and right off the grill!!   Haha.This place is well worth it for anybody in the central, south, west or southeast part of the city, its a hidden gem at the Silverton. Great experience! 5 stars!
4	If you want great steaks and don't want to break the bank, this is the place. Located inside the Silverton Casino, this cozy room has a great bar and a reasonably price menu. Order a la cart or off the Classics Menu (comes with salad and 2 sides).A few go to favorites are:Bourbon BBQ Bone-in ribeyePrime ribBeef carpaccio (eat it with the Lavash that comes in the bread basket-YUM!)I've never tried it, but they also have a tapas menu and its half price during happy hour! They also have a live band on some nights.
5	This is one of the best steakhouses in Las Vegas. Even though it has been a while since I came here, the memory of the food still lingers with me. I was invited to a best friend's family dinner, and I did not hesitate to accept, because they know how to eat.This is a great place for special events. The environment is cozy and romantic, but does not require a strict dress code. You can easily come here with your family in jeans or dress up to impress a date.Now for the good stuff, the food. The seafood appetizers are amazing. The scallops were cooked perfectly, seared golden on the outside, but remaining tender and moist on the inside. The cocktail shrimp are large and juicy. My favorite was the ahi. They had offered two tuna dishes that night, if you are confronted with choosing between them, go for the starter. The entree was not memorable at all. The salad with the vinaigrette dressing made me finish my plate quickly and steal bites from my friend's. I had ordered the bourbon BBQ bone in t-bone, cooked medium rare with brocolini and asparagus. The steak, cooked to perfection with a charred crust and large. The vegetables were crisp and flavorful. This place could be a last meal destination.
5	As if Twin Creeks doesn't already scream value, there are two happy hour shifts each day.  Happy hour gets you half off tapas and half off Twin Creeks specialty cocktails (order the TC Manhattan!):6:00pm - 8:00pm - Tuesday through Saturday Happy Hour9:00pm - 10:00pm - Tuesday through Friday Late Night Happy Hour10:00pm - 11:00pm - Saturday Late Night Happy HourSince I first started going to Twin Creeks last year, there have been three different bartenders.  The current one, Rob, is just as helpful as the previous ones.  Twin Creeks is still one of my favorite places for well crafted cocktails.
5	A most relaxing dining experience; there were five of us, myself, another company manager, and three members of an account from the Phoenix area. I had reservations at Texas de Brazil, not far from the Mandalay where we were staying, but unsuccessfully trying to get our 745p reservations moved up to 630p, one of our clients pulled out his Ipad, and through fate, we ended up at Twin Creeks. It was the best reservation goof-up ever, because our meal at TC was an unexpected joy. Firstly, we got one of their open booth-tables. It's incredibly comfortable. You have a soft cushion with a leather lumbar support pillow... a dream if you have lower back issues... and two of us do! It wasn't crowded at all, so it was quiet... and we could actually talk with our "inside voices." And let me add this note... from the hostess up front, to our waiter and table staff, service was just how I like it... attentive, and that down-to-earth-formal that relaxes me, while at the same time makes me feel that "they've got it all covered", and I don't have to worry about anything... just sit back and enjoy, which we did. Their menu features high quality filets and select seafood items; filet mignons, NY strips, Prime Rib cuts, and more. We started with Ahi Tuna app's, Oysters, Scallops, and their large specialty bread basket. It was "all incredibly good." Our entrees and sides included 12 ounce filets, a 24 ounce Porterhouse, Huge Prime Rib, sides of mac n cheese, asparagus, baked potatoes, the most delicious mushrooms in a butter-wine sauce, and a variety of salads that were absolutely great. Try the "chop chop iceburg lettuce salad", as it's got a remarkable vinegar dressing. I've boasted about Vic and Anthony's at the Golden Nugget, but I must say that Twin Creeks has a new, and higher rating in my "black book." It's really a Vegas "hidden gem." In the casino area of the Silverton Resort and Casino, I never, ever would have thought to come here for dinner. I always associated the smaller casino properties as being seedy and low end. Don't think for a minute that the food and atmosphere at Twin Creeks is anything but "super comfortable-high quality dining." This is my new "favorite steak house" in Vegas, and one that, evidently, not too many people know about. And oh.......... prices? About $25 to $45 for incredibly delicious steaks, and an average last night for us of about $55 per person..... with tip! Everything we ordered was excellent... period. I highly recommend TC..... and share this hidden gem on the "QT." (don't tell too many people as it may get crowed!)
5	In a locals packed casino, this restaurant may be the best value of any restaurant I've ever eaten at.  The prime rib dinner is VERY affordable -- and comes with a salad and a choice of two sides, one of them asparagus (yummy).  The first time we ate there, they were having a 2 entrees for the price of one -- which made this the best deal EVER.  Imagine, two great dinners for the price of dinner for two at Quiznos (perish the thought).  If you're in Vegas, try this place.
4	Had  to take a break from the Thursday night Pub Crawl for some food and decided on this place since it was the night time happy hour. We came in with drinks so we just sat in the lounge and ordered several tapas to share.We had stuffed mushrooms..they were good  but mine are way better.bacon wrapped dates..very yummy with the right amount of saucebacon wrapped shrimp..these were m my favorites. Huge shrimp!escargot..a very big helping with a side of sauce..these were really goodOur waiter was fast and on point. We pretty much had the place to ourselves since everyone was out enjoying the $1 drinks.I would love to come back here again for happy hour.
5	Twin Creeks is one of those places you really don't want everyone to know about to keep it from getting too popular and over crowded. My wife and I have been coming to Twin Creek for a while now. We have never had a bad experience. Twin Creeks is not extreme fine dining but it is a great value. Good food, good service and very comfortable place to entertain. We called to get reservations for our daughter's graduation dinner there and they offered to create a custom menu just for the party. It's that kind of special treatment that lets us know that they appreciate their customers and are genuinely concerned about the dining experience. Order from the classic menu and you'll get the full meal. Bread, Salad, entree with 2 sides at very reasonable prices. Thanks Twin Creeks we appreciate you too.
5	Great Place, Great Food, Great Service!
5	**Summary**       - Meat - The meat was excellent and cooked just right. They were thick, juicy, and simply flavorful.       - Value - You're getting a lot of bang for your buck. The two items listed below are both meals. They come with two sides each and a salad. In most other steak houses, you're paying $40 for just the entree.       - Chocolate Chip Bread - The best bread I've ever tasted.**Ordered**       - $28 16oz. King Cut Salt & Pepper Crusted Prime Rib - Super tender thick slice of prime rib with just the right amount of seasoning on the side (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jCR-xC4NqoEajjmstqX8sA?select=_iRp_IwyoXhp05RdsHQHaw).       - $29 18oz Bourbon BBQ Bone-In Rib Eye - Not as good or tender as the prime rib. They use a dry rub and I don't really like that type of seasoning (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jCR-xC4NqoEajjmstqX8sA?select=ogAIIHjHqY-mQJo2PbyCJA).       - Sides - You only get three stalks of asparagus. The brocollini was about the same. The mac and cheese had bread crusting on top but seemed a little bland. The mash was good though.       - Artisan Breads - You get a cheesy cracker, pretzel bread, a bread with chocolate chips baked in, and some other bread. The chocolate bread goes on my top five carbs list. I ate the two they had in a bowl and when offered more, ate another four. It's that good (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jCR-xC4NqoEajjmstqX8sA?select=Vh_0zlQ0fcZO1iSghObCWg).**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a fancy steakhouse experience without the fancy steakhouse price.
1	i really hated the server and the food has really gone down hill. In the past this was my local go to steak house. I called and spoke with the maitre'd and explained the situation she replied  " I can believe it many patrons feel the same way about this particular server" WOW...EVEN THE MANAGERS KNOW HOW TERRIBLE THIS SERVER IS.   I
4	Of course I am a fan of a 75% off happy hour after 8 PM!!! This is incredible. My friend and I stopped by this classy hidden gem in the Silverton last week and took advantage of the tapas and drinks. We ate and drank to our bellies were full and paid a mere $24 for the total tab! I swear this is unheard of. The drinks were pretty good- their Sangria is really sweet though, so keep that in mind. While the food was tasty it was modeled very closely to Firefly tapas. I love Firefly probably more than most, but I was really looking for something different to curb my tapas craving. That being said- Twin Creeks is close to home, and a wicked good deal! Stop by and enjoy :)
5	Right now they are running the 75% off tapas and drinks happy hours after 8pm.  This is hands down the best happy hour I've ever experienced in my life and you'll see why.First off, the ambience of this place was amazing.  We were lucky to get a table for our party of 4.  The setting is extremely nice and our server was personable and energetic.  Service was a tad on the slow side, but I couldn't complain because I was so excited to try everything.We ordered everything off the tapas list.  Honestly, the tapas were just OK.  I've had much better at places like Firefly or something.  But the prices!!  AMAZING!!  We're talking like 1-4 dollar plates (4 dollars at most!).  I generally loooove (LOVE) stuffed dates... but sadly, didn't really like them here.  The dates were kind of chewy and it didn't have enough sweet/salty combo to it.  The tapas that I'd have to call out is the calamari (they are not the rings, but breaded steak cut into strip style) and also the fondue that they have.  All the others were pretty standard fare.Another thing worth mentioning is the bread basket.  Free and amazing.  I think this was one of the best bread baskets I've ever had.  Pretzels and specialty breads all of them fluffy and flavorful.  Now the drinks.  Our group (there were four of us) got to sample a lot.  From shots to mojitos, to specialty martinis and cocktails.  There were all good and the mixed drinks were strong!  I really loved the Acai mojito (one of the better mojitos I've ever had) and the Passion something (it's on their specials menu) tasted like one of my favorite candies (Hi-Chew - some japanese taffy).  Another thing I really liked was the Dreamsicle which tasted exactly the popsicle.  You could tell that they put a lot of effort into the cocktails which is really awesome.  We would really never get to sample so many delicious drinks if not for the happy hour prices.  All in all - this is a great place to sit and relax with a group of friends. So after 13 plates of tapas and 16 specialty drinks... our bill with 61 bucks.  61 bucks!  And that's why this was the best happy hour ever!
5	Best Happy Hour! Highly Recommended. I ordered Calamari, Meatballs, Bacon wrapped Shrimp, and Stuff Mushrooms. They are all pretty bomb!75% after 8pm. Our bill went from $30 to $11. C'mon. You can't beat that! Don't get the Acai Mojito though...It tasted like diabetes...They have pretty decent ribeye and prime rib too! Love the House salad. Delicious balsamic dressing!  Great date restaurant idea. Wink wink to all the boys out there if you want to  impress someone special ;)
5	Amazing Food, Great Service, and a Nice AtmosphereMy husband and I went to Twin Creeks for his last birthday and had an absolutely wonderful time. We went on a Saturday night so we got to enjoy live Jazz music and in addition when I made reservations they sat us up in the best seat in the house. At $150 for the entire meal we enjoyed all courses from salads to dessert and even a couple of glasses of wine to compliment our courses. We both got steak and sea food. Everything was cooked perfectly.A couple  of my favorite things we had were the Creme Brule (the best I have ever had), the cappuccino, and the houses specialty dessert wine. However, the entire meal was absolutely amazing. The ambiance is wonderful as well. It is dim lighting but it makes it so much more personal. I loved the decor.In addition, to the great ambiance and food the service was top notch. All of our waiters (we had 3) were great. Our drinks did not go empty even once and we were contentiously being brought fresh bread.
5	I've been hearing a lot of talk about this place and was excited that a bday I was going to was here for happy hour. Crazy that it's half off and then 75% after 8pm (only in the lounge area)! Nuts! It's well crafted drinks and the appetizers are overall pretty good. The bartender, Rob, is patient and very attentive even though it was well packed. Since they were having a promotion of 2for1 entrees at Silverton for the next few days some people decided to take advantage of it while we were there. It looked good so the BF and I decided to come early the next day and bring his mom and grandma for steaks. We all had the bone in ribeye. It's very good value for $29 and great value at 2 for 1. It comes with salad, two sides and a really good bread basket (chocolate bread! pretzel bread!noms! ) The steak was pretty decent quality for the price. It comes with a bourbon sauce and a blue cheese butter (they usually ask if you want it on the side, but if not, fair warning it's on the steak) and they roast a whole garlic bulb. I actually thought the bourbon sauce was just okay but I used a fair amount of the butter and I stole everyones roasted garlic. If you didn't devour your bread yet, spread some of the garlic on the bread- it's delish! The family really enjoyed their dinner so if they're happy, I'm really happy.  We got a table at the lounge, so you guessed it- I took advantage of the happy hour too for cocktails! TC Manhattan and bacon wrapped dates to start off the night.The service was attentive and friendly despite being very busy. We had Rob again taking care of us. This place is great. Only downside is it's off the beaten path- I'm never in this area, but I suppose a special trip now and then isn't so bad.
5	OMFG!I came here for 75% off happy hour tonight after having it bookmarked on my Yelp account for a while. I was originally at Silverton for their Thursday pub crawl, but decided to drag my brother and Don to Twin Creeks for happy hour instead. At first they were a little confused, but after finding out that it was 75% off, they quickly started perusing through the cocktail and tapas menu.Let me just break down our orders for you:Prime Rib Sliders (Chef's special for the night) - $10Calamari - $8Pitcher of Red Sangria - $28Espressotini - $10Perfect passion - $10Dreamsicle - $10Almondtini - $10Bourbon Cookie - $10The prime rib sliders were just a little too salty for my taste, but my bro and Don still liked them. The calamari was SO DELICIOUS. They were kind of cut up in cubes, which was different, but the breading was perfectly seasoned and the texture was was a nice combo between crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside. The Red Sangria was A LOT for a the price (not that everything else wasn't). It came in a large pitcher and two big cups that came filled to the rim. The Espressotini was probably my favorite. It wasn't too strong and it tasted exactly as described. The perfect passion was okay, just a little to light for my taste. I thought the Dreamsicle was also just okay, but my brother happened to like it a lot. The almondtini was very flavorful and tasted like pure almond extract (in a good way); the waitress even admitted it was her favorite. The Bourbon Cookie was too strong for me. It was one of those "Okay, I'm just gonna f*ck you up so you guys can leave already" drinks. Overall, it was an awesome experience to try so many creative drinks and apps for 24 bucks. Even though the drinks didn't suit my taste, my brother and Don enjoyed them very much. When our bill came, our discount total was $72!!! The tax was $0.06 and our TOTAL amount owed was only $24.06!! It completely blew me away. My brother even acted like a baller and threw down $30 saying, "I got this bitches."Honestly, can you think of a better happy hour than this? Because I sure can't. I think I know where I'm going to celebrate my birthday...even though it's still 5 months away!
5	Went back to try the Tapas menu and like the regular menu it did not disappoint. We came as a party of four so we ordered one of everything off the Tapas menu, which by the way is half off from open to about 8pm  and then it's 75% off til closing (only in the lounge). My stand out favorites are: bacon wrapped dates, bacon wrapped shrimp and oh yea did I mention the bacon wrapped dates!?!
4	As Misti said... "best kept secret no longer!" A five-night-per week happy hour that doesn't just go late, but saves you even more money as the night goes on? AND it's food-tastic and drink worthy? #totalwinI was here three times in a week.. what does that tell you? (Wait, don't answer that!)The first time it was three of us. We ordered - quite literally - everything on the tapas menu, including one of the Prime Rib slider off-menu specials and 2 of the lobster specials. Rather than talk about all the amazing parts, I can easily sum up and say it was all fantastic but for two things: the artichoke toasts are bland and the tomato bisque fondue kinda falls flat. Otherwise, eat up! The grilled lobster special and the sliders were, by far, the "here, try this, OMG, ishshogood!" standouts. (PS - Firefly's dates are superior, but that doesn't make the dish at Twin Creeks any less delicious!)The wine list is decent (and the house wine is Concannon - that's a good place to start) and the speciality cocktail list has something for everyone. Piggyback all this onto a full steakhouse menu and full bar (if you so desire...) and you have a full blown, tummy-happiness experience.We had 10 drinks between the three of us, plus the entire menu and 3 additional specials (including that AMAZING lobster)... for less than $80. Not each. Total. Yeah, that.The second visit was just me and a girlfriend. Two drinks each, the sliders (yay for the repeated special, the prime rib and horseradish are so tasty!), a steak skewer, and the mushrooms. Perfect service, perfect food. $40 including a 20% tip. Total. When can I move in?The third visit was the most epic. A party of 20+ once we were all counted up. Food was flying, drinks were flowing, and the place was hopping. We had the two large tables in the lounge packed with people and presents and tapas and cocktails all night! The lobster special this time (yay for more lobster!) was either 4 claws and accompaniments or 4 claws, 2 tails and accompaniments ($20 or $40, respectively, BEFORE the discount). Of course we went for the big boy all night. Proof that these guys know how to treat a lobster, it was, again, perfectly cooked. The mustard sauce? Meh, but the meat itself was amazing and the horseradish and cocktail sauce was great!The bill? A modest $600 or so... after tip. Yeah. Party on, Wayne. Party on, Garth. Game freakin' on.So why only 4 stars? The service can be a bit slow. At one point before the large party really got going, one of the waiters said it was because there was only 4 or 5 of us so far. The problem I had with this, I said to him, is that we ordered right away and would have kept ordering... had the service been there and someone asked us what we needed. Credit can be given, however, and I will point out that once we were a raucous bunch of drunken hellions running up that tab, we were treated pretty damn well. Still, it shouldn't take a large party and a large tab to get that kind of service. The first night, with only 3 of us was slow as well. There's just a bit of a disconnect between the expedience and the fab food and drinks.So, 4 out of 5, with hopes that these fab experiences just keep getting better.FYI - drinkie friends: (sweet) The Dreamsicle is a fantastic, orange-cream dessert in a martini glass that defies logic (where is the alcohol? you will wonder) without being cloying and over-sugared. (savory) Ask for a martini so dirty it's kinky - *my* fave martini anywhere - and you will be ecstatically and olive-ly happy with the balance. Not too salty and briney even calling it out that dirty, but perfectly composed. #martiniWIN(not so great) The kumquat thing was just.... well, it tasted like flat 7-up loaded with real fruit (visible!) but no fruit taste. Bummer. No go.
5	Rob the bartender is amazing!!! The drinks are amazing!!! I had the dreamsicle, chocolate ecstacy, espresso martini and the grasshopper martini and they were all fantastic! For food we had prime rib sliders and stuffed peppers and those were also great, I highly recommend everyone to come here and see rob, you won't regret it!
4	It is hard to say anything that has not already been said by the master twin creeks-ers Anthony M. the Duke, Jieun L., Nelson Q., Elnino F. and all of the other brilliant happy hour-ers.I finally made it here with Eric R. to test out the 75% off happy hour, when we came by after our failed event that conflicted with the elite event at Silverton.  I really wanted to try the golden cucumber mint cocktail, but our waitress/bartender suggested the toasted almond since it is my favorite drink bartenders never seem to know how to make.  Martini style here, the $10 drink became $2.50 with the wave of a time wand and I ended up with a frothy delicious amaretto-kahlua-cream combo that rivaled a very tasty drink I had many times during happy hour in our Cambodia hotel on the honeymoon (that one had Baileys, which sometimes makes its way into toasted almonds).I made Eric R. order the oatmeal cookie martini because his favorite ice cream is Ben n Jerry's oatmeal cookie crunch which I hunted down at many stores until I found it.  We got the calamari (which was $2!) - all to myself bc the boy doesn't eat anything fried, the meatballs (all beef, very tasty), and the smoked salmon toasts.  Eric decided he wanted a salad so he got the chopped with romaine instead of iceberg, and the waitress was cool sending it back bc it was doused in dressing and he wanted it on the side.  The salad was not on happy hour, so it doubled the cost of our meal, but it was our third $18 meal this week for the 2 of us so no complaints here.  The best part was running into Anthony M., Jieun L., and Sun M. on our way out...and then Angela H. and Jade W. and Andy T.!I will definitely return for the cocktails (I still want to try the cucumber mint one) and all of those snazzy martinis, but I may just stick to toasted almonds.
5	This is the best happy hour in the world.  I only had two drinks and they got me pretty buzzed.Either get there before 6pm or after 8 because you will be waiting to get a seat at the bar.  And know what you are ordering because the waiters there are also the bartenders so, expect to be ignored.  But, the waiter we had was a nice guy and there was no hard feelings.The drinks are strong and the food is good.We had an asian pear salad with duck - greatmeatballs - dryfigs and bacon - sure, not my thingshrimp and bacon - too expensiveprime rib sliders - OMFGseafood for two ($24) - splurge, it was good thoFor two plus a latecomer who only ate one thing.  This was a nice deal.
4	I love this place!  They have a fantastic happy hour.  The pineapple upside down cake martini is one of my favorite drinks ever.  Love the bacon-wrapped dates, too.  Great service.
1	For a steak house, we had the WORST service.  When we go to restaurants and is seated, we are aware as to how quickly we are acknowledged by our waiter.  We don't complain and ask for a waiter, instead we just start the time and give them 5 minutes.   If there is still no waiter in sight, we leave.  Water took forever.  And our food took an HOUR!!  The waiter never updated as to whether the food was on the way.  We almost had walked out; they had an minute left when the food came out.  For a place that was not even busy; it was disappointing service.  We would never go back there again even if we receive promos.  Nice ambiance though.
1	What happened Twin Creeks???Nonchalant waiter (second time).  Slow service when it was obviously not busy.  My salad is HALF the size of before and Room Temperature PRIME RIB?? You broke me heart! You guys used to be one of my favs!  I hope your happy hour didn't get worse...
5	My husband surprised me by taking me here a couple of nights ago and I was quite impressed.  He wanted to find a steakhouse that 1) was NOT on the Strip and 2) was NOT going to render us penniless.  He succeeded on both counts.  I enjoyed the lovely interior, the good humoured server (Susan), and most of all, the fantastic food.  Hubby ordered a 16 oz prime NY steak while I chose the 8 oz filet mignon off of the classic menu.  Tip: that classic menu has got to be one of the best-kept secrets in Vegas.  Bread basket, salad, entree, and 2 sides for $30 or less?  Wow.  Every bite was delish.  My steak had a buttery mouthfeel, my mashed potatoes were very smooth and creamy, and my steamed broccolini was just right.  We split a piece of chocolate oreo cake to end the evening and left feeling completely stuffed.Our server gave us a 'buy one, get one free entree' coupon, which only confirmed our enthusiasm for this place.  Next visit is to check out their happy hour....
5	What can I say about the Twin Creeks at the Silverton?Absolute perfection.  Having never been before, we arrived at the restaurant eager for the feast after reading an article in the Las Vegas Sun.  After being seated and immediately filled up  with water and tea, we ordered the Pumpkin Spice Martinis and a couple beers.  The martini was not only awesome to look at but absolutely delicious and just sweet enough to indulge in while still tasting the burn of the alcohol.  We enjoyed several of these throughout the evening.The service from the start was exceptional, our waters were refilled the second they were half empty.  The waiter had no problem making recommendations for beer pairings with our food.  They were constantly checking on us to not only make sure we were enjoying the food, but enjoying the atmosphere (which we most certainly did).Upon the recommendation of our waiter, we ordered the Tomahawk Steak and the lobster mashed potatoes.  I usually prefer my steak medium-rare, but I asked the waiter the best preparation and he said rare + was his personal favorite.  Rare + it was and he was right.  The steak was seasoned so well and cooked so wonderfully I couldn't believe it.  I honestly can say I have never had better steak before in my life.  The lobster mashed potatoes were also excellent as they were so rich and buttery and full of flavor and really complimented the steak perfectly.  While we waited for our food to cook we enjoyed a couple of the tapas plates the waiter recommended and probably could have filled up on just tapas alone since we enjoyed them so much.While we were enjoying our meal, the Executive Chef, Daniel, approached our table just to see how we like our meal.  He is this humongous man with a warm accent and seemed like he really cared that his patrons were fully enjoying their dining experience.  We, being no one special, really appreciated that the executive chef of the casino would take the time to see how we were doing.We enjoyed one more martini for dessert and were extremely satisfied with our meal.  Every time we are in Vegas, we will make sure to come back to the Twin Creeks for an experience like this one.Many thank you's to Chef Daniel and his crew!
5	I was in town for the Halloween weekend and wanted something nice without the Vegas disappointments iv had at many casinos that boast great food.  I started with asking locals and one place always came up...twin creeks at the Silverton.  I suggest you show up hungry because the tapas are phenomenal.  the rib eye or tomahawk steak is a must...the lamb chops are the best iv had....these are a special accommodation ..so ask first if they have them available.....and if they do...order two!!!... they are that good......bacon wrapped figs need i say more.....The greeting into the restaurant was a pleasure,  staff are VERY friendly........I travel a lot so i eat out a lot.....I will never miss an opportunity to eat here when I'm in Vegas
2	The food was good, not great but ok, The SERVICE WAS BAD!! THEY TAKE TOO LONG!!! Took too long to get our drinks, then took more than 20 min. to get salad then waited more than 30 min. for our main course,which was already prepared,Prime Rib, & Salmon,wow!! NOT ENOUGHHELP!! Do NOT like being treated like they want you in & out so they can get out of there. FELT LIKE A FAST FOOD RESTAURANT,WITHOUTSERVICE.
4	After 8PM on Tue-Sat in October, all drinks plus the entire tapas menu were being discounted by 75%.  Do I hear a Hallelujah?  I ordered a mojito (3 Sips) while Ann wisely chose the Espresso martini (espresso vanilla vodka, coffee liquor, Irish liquor and a shot of espresso) (4.5 Sips).  Each of these drinks cost a mere $2.50.  Give me another Hallelujah and a 2nd round of drinks!  Our first order of tapas included stuffed mushrooms (chorizo, chicken and parmesan cheese) (3 Forks) and bacon wrapped dates (3.5 Forks).  Service was extremely slow so our waitress, cum bartender, Michelle gave us a complimentary order of bacon wrapped shrimp with an adobo BBQ sauce as an apology. (3.5 Forks)  For the second round, Ann ordered a glass of Chardonnay while I went with a Zombie martini (light and dark rum, coconut rum, Bacardi 151, OJ and pineapple juice). (4.5 Sips)  Our last tapas order included piquillo peppers stuffed with garlic cream cheese (4.5 Forks) and red potatoes in a spicy aioli sauce (3.5 Forks).  Our bill was $61, reduced to $15.36 with the happy hour discount which was covered by Ann's points.  One last halleluha!
5	In this economy, where can you expect to be treated like a million bucks, yet only pay 50% of your bill? Twin Creeks Tapas is where it's at! I'll admit it: I didn't expect "75% off after 8pm" special to last much longer. But when you can get bacon wrapped dates with bleu cheese, chicken and cheese stuffed mushrooms, and chorizo-cheese tomato fondue ALL for less than $10, how can you go wrong? Nightly specials vary and cost a bit more. but the most expensive one (which is usually a fish) is about $8 after the discount. The filet sliders with horseradish sauce melt in your mouth and are cooked a perfect medium.As if that wasn't enough, the mixed drinks are all top notch. Best consistency I've tasted. Flavors I never liked before taste delicious after a TC bartender touches the glass. Rob is really nice too! Recently I've been into the creamy drinks. If this is you as well, I have 3 recommendations: Oatmeal cookie, Toasted Almond, Nut & Berries. All three before 8pm for $15. Happy girl.Now, if only I could start taking advantage of this more often and NOT have to work on Fridays....
5	I've been to this steakhouse twice and the food is truly unbelievable. From the bread to the filet mignon everything is fresh and bursting with tasty goodness. The service has also been excellent. As an added bonus the decor creates a unique atmosphere which makes the dining experience that much better. I still haven't tried the Tapas bar but only hear good things about their ongoing specials. This is one steakhouse that shouldn't be passed up.
5	Definitely a dinner I will never forget.  From the appetizers, entree, and the dessert.  The highlight which was the tomahawk steak along with the delicious lobster mash.  Yummy!!!  A super treat to my taste buds, my heart, and my soul.  For those who don't know this place is a must.  Thank you Twin Creeks for the yummy food at a very reasonable price.
5	Like Whoa,Robert puts most servers in this town to shame. Like the awesome action figure's from the 90's that could do it all, thats Robert. He whips up mean drinks that will knock you on the floor if you have too many. He gets your orders put in the system quickly and makes sure the food is just right. He even recommends a certain way for the food to be cooked, which makes it taste better/ more juicy. Robert really is part of the Twin Creek experience. Ask for the TC Manhattan drink. Michelle, Like a mini-Robert. Tries hard and gets 80% of everything down pat. Great smile and great attitude.Awesome food. Goodness Gracious, great (meat) balls of Fire! This stuff is legendary and with legendary prices. Might I recommend the back wrapped shrimp or Meatballs. To reiterate Awesome drinks, seriously.
4	Wow here's a little hidden gem off the Strip. If you have haven't experienced Twin Creeks, you should! It's a perfect place to take a date with it's relaxing, modern atmosphere. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because our server was horrible but the rest of the experience was memorable.We arrived for dinner during their happy hour so we were able to order from the tapas menu, which we used as appetizers. Unfortunately they were out of their roasted artichoke so we settled for the cheese stuffed mushrooms. These baby portabellas were quite enjoyable. I would describe in depth but all it took me was one bite! We then proceeded to order from the dinner menu and hey a nice steak dinner for 2 people under $70 is good in my book. First up, the bread. Wow, it probably was the best bread basket I've had in a while or maybe I was just really hungry! The pretzel rolls had a nice fluff to them and were warm. Now the best deal are the classic dinners. My partner ordered the chicken Milanese and it was actually really good. The chicken was moist and the breading was fried perfectly that it provided a nice crispy crust. The meal also came with 2 sides and a salad for around . The salad was a spring mix with homemade balsamic vinaigrette. The dressing was actually really enjoyable. The consistency was perfect, not too thick and not too thin. The two sides were mash potatoes and broccolini. Luckily the taters didn't taste as processed as some of the other joints but you can tell it was fresh homemade mash taters. Overall this meal was enjoyed.So it's really hard to go to a steakhouse and not order a steak, of course I had to try their steak. I ordered the 8 oz filet Mignon with mac & cheese and asparagus. The filet Mignon was so tender, it just melted in your mouth. The only downside to my steak was that it was a bit dry. However, it didn't stop me from devouring that luscious piece of meat!. My only suggestion to the staff would be to possibly add a beef broth/gravy ramekin on the side in case the steak is dry. But I am a true believer that the best steak is one with no sauces/gravys or over seasoned, just salt & pepper. Now again it's hard to screw up asparagus but all you have to do is steam them and add salt. The mac & cheese, eh I've had better.Again, it's a great place for a romantic dinner where you don't have to spend a lot of money for a steak. Afterwards, enjoy a cocktail at the Mermaid bar by the tank or the flare bar. The employees are great and actually run the food out quickly (trust me, they sprint that food out to you). Yes our server Rob (oops did I just say that out loud?) was not the best and took him forever to come to our table and would forget to bring stuff. C'mon dude get it together, it wasn't that busy.I would definitely go back for dinner, hopefully we get someone different next time!
4	Food, FANTASTIC! Hence the 4 stars.Service, poor. Hence the missing star.I would honestly say that I've had better customer service from the counter personnel at any given fast food establishment than I did the evening I dined at Twin Creeks Steakhouse inside of the Silverton Hotel/Casino. Sad right?Mind you I have had (6) years of hands on personal experience in the restaurant industry (in every position possible) so my empathy for the grueling job is definitely present every time I dine. This gent's attitude lacked MAJORLY in every department; I feel he was one notch away from throwing food and stomping off every time he was conditioned to pay a visit to our table, but I digress..Let's talk about what I loved.. The ambiance was stellar! Sexy booths, warm decor, and great lighting. It almost invoked the feeling of being in a cozy cabin, brick walls, great textures, fantastic dark wood flooring..The venue itself was well thought out and inviting.  If it wasn't for the rushed feeling from our server, I could definitely see myself (given the right company) sitting there for a couple of hours enjoying each course, sampling wine and indulging in their happy hour/tapas menu.The chicken dish was DELICIOUS! Tender and juicy and seasoned to perfection. Broccoli was cooked to perfection and my only gripe about the mashed potatoes were the fact that if I didn't know they were fresh I would have assumed they were produced from a box.All in all, I would say give this joint a whirl, perhaps our poor service was the result of someones bad DAY and hopefully not a repeat occurrence. I would certainly give Twin Creeks a second chance; if all else fails and service is poor a second time, no delicious food will have me returning ever again.
5	Things I Wish For:That this restuarant was close to home or at least in my home stateThat red meat was good for me so that I could eat their filet everyday of my lifeThat money was no object so that I could afford to eat their filet everyday for the rest of my lifeDreams Do sometimes Come True
4	I've only been to Twin Creeks a few times, but every time was a great experience.  We met friends for happy hour and ate appetizers from their Tapas menu, which were so yummy!.  They start you off with a basket of complimentary artisan breads.  The tapas I enjoyed most are the stuffed mushrooms, fried calamari, & stuffed piquillo peppers.  Not in the mood for tapas?  I recommend the prime rib.  Thick & juicy.  Very flavorful!  The food is a bit pricey, so we usually go for happy hour and sit in the bar area.  Tapas & specialty drinks are half off.  The decor is on par with some real swanky joints down on the strip.  That is to say that the decorator did an excellent job.  We will be going back...(during happy hour).
4	FIlet was excellent. Scallops were delicious. Free bread was tasty. Bisque was a 3 out of 5. Asparagus and mashed potatoes were top notch.
4	As Chris and I scrambled to the top of Rose Tower, we can see the last bits of day light disappeared and all that glitter of Vegas became ever more sparkle. Here we are, alone, in the midst of wildness, turning on our headlamps to began our hour long decent down a gully behind Rose Tower in Red Rock, and another 2 miles hike back to our car.We just finished climbing Olive Oil, a classic and remote 600' climb here in Red Rock. We started a little late, and the weather is cooling down rapidly. We had eggs and bacon for breakfast, but while belaying Chris, I only had two bars for the rest of the day, much the same for Chris.Hopping from boulder to boulder and trying to get back to the car as fast as we can before complete darkness sets in. We were getting hungry and naturally started to keep us going by talking about dinner."What's for dinner?" I asked"A damn big piece of steak" Chris yelled."Deal"I got out my phone, paused for a few second, quickly asked my friend Stuart who has been patiently waiting in the car for us to look for a good steak restaurant.90 mins later, we made to back to our car in the parking lot all in one piece. Looking back at the mountain, we pity the two fools that are still repelling from another long climb, and seems to have another 3 hour before they can hit the parking lot. "Twin Creeks got good review on yelp, and it is much cheaper than the ones that are on the strip" Stuart said.15 mins later, we are sitting in a comfortable booth at Twin Creeks. Drinking water, looking over the menu as our adventure never happened except we are dirty and hungry.Twin Creeks didn't disappoint, the cuts of prime rib are very generous, the medium are on slightly the raw side. All the sides are huge! I mean huge! You get a lot for your money, that's for sure. And climbers love that! The scallops are done to perfection, and the modern interpretation of mushroom ravioli is rather rich and interesting. Service is fast, our waiter is very attentive, but it was not on a weekend. At the end, we all have left over, and swore to come back next time we concurred another mountain in Red Rock.
4	I've been here for dinner on a few occasions in the past, but I FINALLY made it for happy hour, and oh what a Happy Hour!Their steaks are good and they have some of the best ambiance in town for a reasonably priced steak dinner, but I was here for Happy Hour on this occasion.They serve half-priced tapas and half-priced cocktails off their bar menu from 5-8. To top it all off, this includes Fridays and Saturday. Say what?!? That's cherry on the top of my Happy Hour sundae. I came with a party of six, so we able to order just about everything off the tapas menu to try. The favorites were the bacon wrapped dates, stuffed peppers and stuffed mushrooms. The cocktails are fantastic as well. I didn't partake any of them, but heard good things and they are definitely calling my name for my next trip here and oh yes, I will be back... and soon!This place definitely lives up to all the hype Yelp has bestowed on this place for Happy Hour.  The food is good and the service was great. The manager even came to our table to check on us and make sure we were enjoying ourselves. the cherry on top was that Twin Creeks has the perfect ambiance for good chats among friends. It's not too loud, the decor is soothing and modern. It's a great place to sit and chat.
1	Beautiful restaurant. Perfectly cooked meat. But missed the most basic ingredient in prime rib which is the ajus. They serve this gorgeous cut of meat with a horrible brown gravy which in no way could be mistaken for ajus. My steak was the tomahawk and it was delicious but the prime rib lovers were just devistated that there sat a whole plate of meat completely unappealing due to the gross brown gravy. We waited for dinner for well over an hour which would have been forgivable had they not screwed up the gravy which covered every scrap of meat. I would be back but steer clear of the wierd prime rib and have sevral hours to kill and bring your own packet of Ajus......
5	If you can pry yourself off the strip for a short 4 mile taxi ride, this restaurant is so worth the trip.  They don't have the chic atmosphere of the latest trendy restaurant, but they do have the look (no hip music playing and definitely an older crowd).  The service, food, and decor is just amazing.  If you are going with a group, they have some great large tables in the center of the restaurant.  They also have some nice booths to share as a couple, which we did.  We had filet Mignon an d lobster, both of which were just perfect.  Each comes with 2 sides and a salad.  The mac and cheese was to die for.  The "artisan" breads they bring you are so good - especially the ones with the dark chocolate chips in them.  The drinks are huge and tasty.  The value, for Vegas, is incredible.  Filet was $24 and lobster $31, including all the extras.  They could easily charge double.  We will definitely be back.
5	Over all great food and drinks. Waitress are nice which is a plus!
1	The service, food, and selection at Twin Creeks was SUPERB--I am in complete agreement with the majority of the posts.  I have, however, given a low rating in hopes of catching the eye of my fellow tourists.  PLEASE BE AWARE that for whatever reason this area is apparently poorly served by taxis!!  We left our strip hotel as a party of five to go to Twin Creeks for a birthday dinner---as above stated, it was GREAT!  The hard part was getting back----no taxis in sight, and the ' Valets' were no help whatsoever----rude, caustic, and borderline adversarial....they finally claimed to have called us a cab, but told us they 'didn't know if it would come or not'.  After waiting about 45 minutes, one of our party finally ventured to the hotel desk and had an attendant there call a cab for us.  This cab arrived within about 15 minutes, which makes me wonder whether the 'Valet' guys had actually called a cab or not!  We did not allow the valets to ruin our evening, but they certainly gave it their best shot!!Yes, I would highly recommend Twin Creeks for a wonderful steak dinner, but please be aware of the transportation situation and plan accordingly------go prepared with a couple of cab company numbers so YOU can call them YOURSELF or otherwise make other arrangements!
5	Great food and great service.  If you have had bad service there, you probably deserved it, because I always have gotten great service.  I go there 2-3 times a month, now that they have the best happy hour in my area IMO.
4	I went here with a group of friends and we all had the Tomahawk ribeye. It was not only impressive to look at but it was very tasty as well. Mine was a little too done for my liking, but to be fair I asked for medium and was really craving more of a medium rare. It came a la carte just like most steakhouses but there was a head of roasted garlic on the plate that was a nice little surprise.The dining room is very comfortable and much nicer than I had expected.
1	WORST service ever. Snobby hostess and bartender. Didn't even make it to the food. Made reservations on Open Table, and they were confirmed. They refused to acknowledge them even after being shown the confirmed reservation. Told us to go sit in the bar, and they'd get to us when they could, but it would be at least 45 minutes. All this while I saw nothing but empty tables. Even after this rude reception we went to the bar like we were told. Tried to order drinks but bartender refused to take order.  Said he was busy.  He was washing glasses.  There were 3 of us and only 2 seats so we asked if it was okay to pull up another chair from a tall table. He said no. Another customer offered to move down one seat for us. Bartender told him not to bother. We finally walked out. Not sure what all the attitude is about. The place was empty. And I can see why.
5	Great food, attentivet service and incredible ambience.  Next time we are in Vegas we will deffintily be back.
4	Great Happy Hour SpecialsHave only been for HH. My recent visit (10/2011) was during the week. The bar area was full so the hostess took my cell # and text me when space was available. We were free to roam, and gamble, while we waited. Cocktail and food service was efficient and friendly. We ordered just about every appetizer on the menu and all were tasty with favorites being the meatballs, salmon toasts and stuffed dates.Most items were $6-8 at full price which seemed reasonable. Here's the kicker - tab was 75% off and came to $17 (tipping on the full value made gratuity more than the bill ;-)
2	After reading the reviews here I was expecting a pretty good steak.  The meat quality was good (we ordered filets), but lacked any depth of flavor.  We ordered a bearnaise sauce and crab meat side, the sauce tasted like it was from a packet, and the crab was dry.  BF subbed the lobster bisque for his salad, and again it was super bland.  Mashed potatoes were OK, but nothing to rave about.  Dessert may be good there, but we were too underwhelmed with the meal to try it.  Perhaps they were having an off night, but next time I'm craving steak we will go elsewhere- I'd seriously rank Outback above this spot.
5	Great food for the right prices,great, friendly service and a great, romantic, light dimmed atmosphere. Highly recommend to try the experience.
4	Due to a plane delay, we arrived in Las Vegas later than planned and decided on having a light snack before turning in.  In the bar/lounge area of this restaurant, tapas are served that are currently being discounted by 50% beginning at 8PM.  We shared orders of bacon wrapped dates (4.5 Forks out of a possible 5), a trio of BBQ prime rib sliders (3 Forks) and piquillo peppers stuffed with garlic cream cheese w/marinara (2.5 Forks).  The only problem with these tapas has been consistency (see photos).  We have had the dates served with little balsamic reduction sauce, but this evening's were among the best.  Conversely, the piquillo peppers were smaller and less tangy than in the past.  Win some; lose some, but this remains a great deal in any case. We returned later in the trip for the  1/2 priced tapas starting off toasted almond martinis which have an in-house made cream base with vanilla beans. (4.5 Sips)  We also ordered meatballs (3 Forks) and bacon wrapped dates (2.5) The tapas were good, but the kitchen's problems with consistency were once more in evidence.  There was almost no balsamic reduction sauce with the dates.    I think we will have to keep going back until they get it right. LOL
4	This place is way awesome! At first i was thinking to myself SILVERTON? really? but i gave it a whirl and decided to go to TWIN CREEKS.. I must say this is one of the best steak house ive been to in Las Vegas! A favorite of mine the tomahawk T-bone is grilled to perfection at your choice. And the sauce was perfect! If you did not want to pay for a pricey meal relax in their lounge area after 8pm-close and enjoy half off tapas and martinis. I would suggest getting the stuffed mushrooms and the calamari and their sliders are way awesome! i must say for a restaurant being in the silverton i was pretty impressed.
5	Woohooo JACKPOT!!If you didn't win one with the slots, make sure you at least dine like a winner at Twin Creeks. This is my favorite spot for happy hour; awesome food, cheap price, and great service.The sliders are absolutely uhmazing. I brought my friend along and all he muttered the whole time was "OMG dude, omg, so good, holy sh*t" like ten times :)The bacon-stuffed shrimp were so good. I mean, bacon + shrimp, that's like a match made in heaven man, all day long.Any negatives? There must be something...Well, I noticed the tables are a little smaller than usual compared to other happy hour venues. When there's like 5-6 plates on the table, it can get a little hectic. Also, depending on the time of day, it can get pretty busy. Expect to wait a few minutes for each order.That said, it's nothing a Sam Adams can't fix. Just sip on a beer while you're waiting and good things will come.
5	Great atmosphere, delightful nature setting... what more can a girl ask for?Came here for dinner and I'm not going to lie, but I did miss the whole happy hour deal .. oops!All of the food was delectable and service was superior. They even said we could sleep there (jokingly) on the couch/booths we were seated at. I liked that there was a pillow, I don't like sitting so far away from the table while I'm eating. Prime Ribs = PRIME!Crab Cakes = Mouth-watering with asparagus that complimented very well. Rasberry Ice Cream Martini = tasted like dessert, so no need to order (Plus we were full.)
5	Went here for happy hour on July 7th at 8PM. We always love the happy hour here.We ordered 3 appetizers for 2 people, because we were not super hungry.  We ordered aioli potatotes- awesome.  They were half price so they were only 2 dollars!! We also ordered 2 glasses of Pinot Noir for only 4 dollars a glass.  We ordered the meatballs- 3 big ones and very tasty and we ordered one of the specials that was not advertised- the prime rib sliders with just meat and cheese.These were clearly the winning of the 3.Plenty of food.The atmosphere was awesome as well as the service- I think our total bill was like 18 dollars- what a screaming deal.   They also play some awesome old standards as you enjoy such great food.Cannot wait to return.
5	Took my mom and dad here for dinner...we were all impressed.Awesome food! Fantastic service! Great ambiance!
1	If our experience wasn't so bad, it would have made a great skit for late night comedy.  Drinks: First, we ordered a "Glass" of Cabernet and a "Glass" of Merlot. About 15 minutes later, the over-the-top smiles aloof waitress brings a "Bottle" of Cab and no Merlot. Meal: It took 50 minutes from placing the order to receive the meal. Other patrons complained to the manager about wait times. When food arrived, we had it bagged in order to make it to next destination.  When we got home, found that the chicken pasta meal did not include pasta, but instead had left over tomato salad and one of the side dishes was not there. Probably worst of all, the food lacked flavor and there are just too many other superior places to enjoy a great meal.
4	Located in the Silverton Lodge Casino. This is a solid steak house with great service and fantastic steaks. The prices are reasonable.Since it is off the Las Vegas Strip, this is a great option for a quiet night out. If you find yourself at the Silverton give the Twin Creeks a try. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	It was Restaurant Week in Las Vegas, and Diane and I agreed that one of the best menu selections was offered by Twin Creeks.  Neither of us had ever been here before, so I made a dinner reservation, and a few days later off we went with another couple.  After my experience I was favorably impressed with all facets of this restaurant.I liked the way the dining room featured a rock wall as a backdrop, which alternated with changing lit colors that were projected between the interspersed rocks.  The other lighting in the dining area was muted, and the restaurant reflected a modern but comfortable ambiance, with banquettes and dining sections that resembled living areas rather than traditional booths and tables.Excellent Pretzel Bread and great Chocolate Rolls were fine openers.  A chocolate start seemed odd, but no one complained as we polished off these tasty bread products.  Onion Soup was excellent just choking with Swiss Cheese, and when cut open spilling broth over the sides of the white crock and onto folded fabric below.  And so was a buttery tasting Caesar Salad.Refilling of water glasses was a rare event, and I had to ask for that and cracked pepper for my Caesar Salad.  But otherwise the service was efficient, cordial, and professional.  Extra Pretzel Rolls and Chocolate Rolls were cheerfully baked for my party on request.  A tender 8 oz. Filet Mignon was a fine entree joined with a very tasty Demi-Glace, good Broccolini, and an ultra-rich and creamy Yukon Gold Potato Puree.  And, a Chocolate Molten Lava Cake with a Chocolate Ganache center, and Vanilla Ice Cream thrown in by the house for good measure, was so rich and decadent that I was barely able to finish it, and was later awakened during the night by sharp "chocolate pains" in my gut.  No wonder, with chocolate permeating the meal from beginning to end!4-1/2 stars overall!
5	These people really know how to spoil you. From the moment you walk in the door, to the moment you leave, they make you feel welcomed. That's always a nice feeling. The servers, bussers, and entire wait staff are professional, fast, and very attentive. I made a special request for an appetizer that I feel in love with years ago while visiting the restaurant, and instead of saying "we dont have that any longer", the server made an effort to ask the chef if it could be prepared. We were out of luck this trip, but she assured me that if more requests are made, they may bring it back (hint: when you go, as you should, ask for the lump crab stuffed portobella mushroom )I could gush for days about how great this place is, but what I can say in words, can't even come close to experiencing it yourself. I just love Twin Creeks, and hope to see you there. If they charged more for the food, which they easily could, I would still be a frequent visitor. Ambiance, food service. Some of the best in Las Vegas!
5	I've often passed the Silverton Casino on my way from Rio to South Point and have never stopped.  This trip, we were looking for a steakhouse for a nice dinner, but wow, really didn't want to pay $50 for an a la carte steak at one of the higher priced restaurants, so we used Yelp to find the best deal.  Well, we definitely FOUND A GEM!!!  Twin Creeks is awesome!  Inside, when you first walk in, it looks and feels SO EXPENSIVE!!!  We were greeted immediately by a host and felt so welcomed!  Later we found out the gentleman who seated us was the manager!  He was so amazingly attentive, told us about all the great menu items.  The decor is beautiful!  Very rustic and so unique! There are tables at a variety of levels throughout the entire bar & dining room.  That sounds odd, but it is so nice when you are dining in it.  We didn't get to sit at one of the sofa tables, but those looked so comfy!!!   The meal all come with bread, salad/soup and entree with side (choice of baked potato, veggies, fries, etc).  My prime rib (8 oz cut) was $20.  Perfectly cooked to my medium request and the seasoning was delicious!  The only sad thing was that we were there right after Restaurant Week and the two desserts (lava cake and chocolate mousse) were not available.  Well, at least someone didn't just take the one and I missed out, they had been gone for a while!  There was still some chocolate in the house, so we shared a Black Forest cake, and never felt like we were 'settling' it was delicious and a perfect end to a really great dinner.  Oh and I cannot forget to mention the coffee.  It didn't just come in a refillable coffee cup, it was brought to me, fresh pressed in front of me, in a French Coffee Press!!!  Dinner for 5, $230 includes a bottle of wine as well.Keep up the great menu, prices, service and wonderful ambiance Twin Creeks!  We'll be back!
4	Food was very good especially for where it's located. Decor is very high end and trendy so I was impressed.  We brought our own bottles of wine since we are locals and really enjoyed our meal.
1	I have never posted a review before, but the service was so horrid I felt the need to sign up for an account to warn others NOT to come to Twin Creeks!!!  After checking out the reviews on Yelp I decided that Twin Creeks would be an excellent place to take my family to celebrate my Father's Birthday...  I was completely wrong and my mistake ruined what should have been a happy celebration.  First, my mother spoke with the hostess to seat a party of 7.  She was very short and seemed aggravated to that we were bothering her.  She explained that we should have made reservations for such a large group, but would try and seat us.  She told my mom it would be approximately a 30 minute wait.  As we stood patiently waiting, I watched 5 parties get seated prior to us with no problem.  When the General Manager came to the hostess table, I asked him about how much longer we would need to wait.  He looked at the seating chart and said he didn't see a reservation.  I explained that we were told that the wait would be approximately 30 minutes and we had already waited that long.  The hostess came up and the General Manager asked where my parties name was listed.  Apparently, the hostess didn't even bother to write our name down.  The General Manager didn't apologize, but instead told me that we would need to wait at least another hour to be seated.  No explanations, no apologies-  just that we were a large party and needed to wait.  The hostess didn't apologize either, but instead stayed true to form and remained rude and denied that she even said the wait would be 30 minutes!  I was hoping that a restaurant of this caliber with a General Manager could do something to help diffuse the situation...  He was completely useless and acted as if he didn't care that he was losing potential customers.  I would NEVER come back to Twin Creeks and will tell anyone who asks how horrible the service was.  I was highly disappointed with the lack of professionalism displayed by the rude hostess and the unhelpful General Manager.  DON"T BOTHER COMING TO TWIN CREEKS!  There are many steak houses in the area where you will be treated with respect and enjoy a pleasant meal.
3	All about the Tapas.  Get there for the 50% off Tapas and Drinks special 8:00pm to 10:00pm in the lounge only.  We learned about this place on our annual trip out last year.Bad experience here last Saturday night.  We arrived just after 8:00 and were told we were 8th in line for the lounge and seating in maybe 45-60 min.  No problem.  We came back after 50 minutes and were told we were 10th in line.  WHAT?  Apparently, the Asian (I say this so you will recognize her when you arrive) hostess either A) could not read the schedule on the computer or B) outright lied.  Had we known that we would be at a 2 hour wait, we would have gladly left for and returned another time.  We left anyway but enough about that...Never to let one individual get us down, we returned last night (Thursday).  No problem getting seated.  On the food, I have to say nothing in the kitchen has slipped in the kitchen over the past year.  Excellent presentation, preparation and flavors.We liked:a) Calamari (small plateful):  Large chunks fully cooked but somehow still very tender.  Great breading and aioli for dipping.  We always get this and its a consistent menu item.b) Bacon wrapped shrimp (4):  large shrimp, flavorful bacon.  Slightly more sauce than I like but no biggie.  Again, consistent menu item.c) Prime rib sliders (3):  These were good but if you aren't super hungry, maybe save room for something else.  On special.d) Lamb chops (2):  Perfect preparation and great flavor.  We'd do this again in a heartbeat.   On special.e) Sea Bass (1):  Wow, stole the show.  Veggies and sauce (lemon-butter rosemary concoction) were perfect with the fish.  Fish perfectly cooked.I should give 4 stars but what happened that Saturday night was totally unacceptable.  Just do a better job coaching/training the hostess.
4	Went here for my anniversary and let me tell you it was a great time.  Try the tapas menu it is really tasty.  We had stuffed dates and meatballs.  Wifey had the filet which she loved and had the awesome tomahawk bone-in rib eye.  Everything surpassed our expectations especially the bread basket.  Would pass on the sauces for the steak but everything else was fabulous.
4	We went here after bingo tonight for the 50% off happy hour and it was excellent.   The server suggested we get everything on the tapas menu which was about 9 things.  We did, and it was way too much food for us three even though we were starving.  The only thing we wouldn't order again would be the calamari, which just wasn't crunchy and it was tough.  I would have given it five stars, but all of us had trouble with the seating. They were very high, and heavy and we all were sitting about a foot away and nothing we did got us any closer.
5	Very rarely do I rate an establishment that I first visit with so many stars....then again rarely do I find a restaurant that embodies everything I look for in a memorable experience.Plain and simple...I love steak and martinis and Twin Creeks at The Silverton Casino did not disappoint. Locals are always looking for a great place to wine and dine but do not want to pay Strip prices.  You should give this place a chance and you too will walk away with the satisfaction I did.It started when we were given our table in a very intimate like setting.  Granted it's not a large traditional masculine environment (dark wood and leather) but a combination with a constantly color-changing lava wall and some comfortable suede fabrics.  Immediately we were greeted by the first server who provided us with our choice of water as well as fresh breads....very fresh.  We then were greeted by our primary server who was very warm and friendly and extremely knowledgeable of the menu items...suggesting many specials of the evening.  She even suggested certain dishes that would pair well with our adult beverages.  I could get into every item on the menu but as I stated earlier....I love steak.  I almost didn't want to order a steak following the mouth watering scallops I selected as an appetizer....pure bliss.  But I couldn't hold back and ordered a deliciously prepared bone in filet.  I wish I could write more about the other dishes however I am very eager to return very soon and try even more.The service was impeccable and the food was simply ahhhhhhhh...I shall return....
5	This is absolutely our first choice for date nights!  Sometimes we do the full meal, which is always perfect - I get the 8oz filet often and it has always been cooked to perfection, but more often than not, we go for the 1/2 price tapas between 8pm-10pm.  I'm not a huge Calamari fan, but I love they way they do it at Twin Creeks.  Small chunks - no rings - with a delightful sauce.  We also tend to always get the Lamb Chops, Prime Rib Siders and the Bacon Wrapped Dates.  Oh, the Bacon Wrapped Dates - a must try!The bartender, Michelle, and her sidekick, Ingrid, know how to make you feel special and are always on top of things.  Michelle makes some of the best drinks around.If you've never been, try it!  It's great steaks for much less than eating on the Strip.  A full meal with a bottle of wine and tip runs us around $90-130 for two (depending upon the price of the wine) and a tapas meal (4 or 5 selections) with two glasses of wine and tip usually runs around $35-45.  Side Note:  Cell Phones DO NOT GET SIGNAL inside the restaurant (At least not Sprint or Verizon).  A Definite PLUS!
4	Finally! i got to try out Twin Creeks and the happy hour is great! The food is okay...the drinks are okay...but the price is amazing. We had one of each of the vegetarian options from the tapas menu and two drinks each (4 total) and the bill was well under $40. I do love a good happy hour and this one is nicely seated between 8 and 10 pm.
5	Love it!!!! Happy hour is great, 8-10pm 50% off! I really enjoyed the chocolate covered cherry martini and the strawberry shortcake martini. Also the bacon wrapped dates are amazing!!
3	as a frequent diner at all venues at Silverton, Twin Creeks is OK, but last week when my entire group of 7 ate there I had ordered the scallops as my entree.  This dish was awful.  It is very dark inside there and I took a bite of what I thought was a scallop, but it was a hunk for awfully flavored butter.  From that point on, I was absolutely sick to my stomach.  Service is ok, but if they forget part of your order, like the creamed horseradish for my husband's prime rib, you can actually finish your meal before they bring it to you.  The other kids had the fillet with bernaise which is very tastey and another had lobster.  Overall, just ok
4	I enjoyed my experience very much.  If I lived closer I would be there often.  Great happy hour.  Should consider opening a seperate location in Summerlin that does tapas.  I would be there.
5	We came on a Thursday night and pretty much ordered everything on the their tapas menu, a selection of about 8 more or less, and a couple drinks, mojito and a cactus margarita. - Any place that has a happy hour deserves bonus stars in my book. Daily after 8pm until closing special. half off tapas and drinks- Tim is a very friendly waiter. Easy to talk to and on-point with service. - Very relaxing and inviting ambience. Great for a blind yelp date! lol. - Must try the calamari. The lemon has a this bra so the seeds won't fall out. haha- Doesn't their logo look similar to masterchef? No? okay...haha- Drinks are fruity. Don't worry ladies, it's not strong at all. - General manager came to chat. Totally followed the TGIF survey. lol. win. Now only if they give out free appetizers too..hmm
4	Excellent steak and seafood spot in southwest las vegas. Inside the silverton casino, Twin Creeks offers an upscale dining experience with affordable prices. The service is typically very good and have never had a bad meal there. I like their prime rib, filet or scallops. Reservations should be made as the place is usally full.
5	Let's just say that we really enjoyed ourselves very much at the Twin Creeks Lounge Happy Hour last evening.  I don't normally give 5 * but this was as close as it could get with probably a 4.5 * rating being a more accurate rating.  This review is for the lounge and not the restaurant (though I have to go back and try it someday). The service was wonderful, from the hostess to our waitress/bartender Michelle to the General Manager Jay, everyone was friendly, professional and easy to interact with.We were pleasantly surprised when we checked the Silverton website and saw that Happy Hour @ Twin Creeks is an evening affair.  This worked out perfectly with our plans to go out for the evening, getting a bite to eat and then to play @ the casino.The atmosphere was very casual elegance.  Contemporary "old school" could describe the environment.  Comfy, dark and just the right amount of light.  The only problem and it was admitted by the staff and management is that the high chairs make it very hard to scoot up close to the table.  Thankfully staff is able to assist and offered to do so without our asking.  They recognize this is a problem.Drinks were good and all half priced.  Cocktails @ $5 and Stella Artois @ $3.25 per pint.  My wife is not a drinker, but really enjoyed the French Kiss (2 cocktails for her, which is rare) and the Berry Mojito (1st cocktail).  The beer on tap was Stella.The tapas were all very nice, but our absolute favorite was the lamb chops (2) which were on the special menu.  Oh, I have to go back just to get some more of that succulent, juicy, tender and delicious lamb!  It was amazing and cooked just perfect at medium rare.  Our second favorite was the sirloin skewer, also very tender for sirloin and the bacon wrapped dates came in third.  The salmon was OK, the bacon wrapped shrimp was nice, but the BBQ sauce was unnecessary  in my opinion.This was a wonderful find and we defiantly will return.  Probably visiting the restaurant next time for a full course meal.
5	We've been to Twin Creeks about 50 times over the last couple of years and it is by far our favorite restaurant in Vegas.  Tonight may have been the best meal I've ever had in my life.  We had the Oscar Filet special and everything about it was perfect.  The filet was cooked perfectly with an abundance of crab atop a bed of perfectly cooked asparagus.  The filet and crab melted in my mouth and made me desire more.  We had baked potato sides which came with a generous side of bacon, chives, butter and sour cream (as always).  Only once in my life have I ever asked to speak to the Chef and tonight was that time.  Chef Paul came to the table and we made sure he was aware of the level of excellence his staff upholds.  A++
4	It was another visit to Twin Creeks, and the food was very good.  But this time there were a few glitches.  At 7:45 p.m., the restaurant was already out of French Onion Soup, which I had greatly looked forward to eating.  And, on the first try only 1 of 3 ordered Lobster Bisques was brought to the table for my party of 4.  Warm Chocolate Rolls were as great as before, and a request for more was generously answered by a bread basket wholly filled with a second batch of just Chocolate Rolls.  I scarfed down 5 of the marvelous beauties myself.  Egad!An included Dinner Salad of mixed greens, cucumber, red onions, Grape Tomatoes, and Parmesan Cheese with Bleu Cheese Dressing was very tasty.  My entree of Filet Oscar was good.  But the steak was noticeably cross grained and between medium and medium rare in doneness after being ordered medium rare.  And, while a generous amount of tasty crab and Hollandaise Sauce was supplied, the 4 asparagus tips on the plate were all extremely thin.  Chocolate Molten Lava Cake ala mode was lip-smacking delicious, as before.  For the fairly high quality of food and presentation provided in a comfortable but upscale ambiance, prices are quite reasonable here.
5	8pm happy hour was awesome. It's only available at the bar lounge area. For $40 we had a delicious assortment of tapas and two drinks. The drinks are wayyyy weak IMHO, but it was $5 a cocktail. Be sure to ask about their daily special! They were featuring scallops when we were there.**The regular dining is no where near $$ two dollar signs as rated on yelp. It's easily $75/person there.**
5	Located in the Silverton Casino about 5 miles down the I-15, this is one of the best steakhouses AND value in Las Vegas.  WIth a beautiful ambiance you feel like you are splurging but compared to all the other way overpriced steakhouses on the Strip you are getting a bargain. Also, we noted a LOT of locals there which is always a great sign.  Signature martini cocktails are all only $10.  Hubby had the queen cut prime rib ($25) and I had the Bone In Brooklyn filet (filet mignon onthe bone $36) and both were good portions and more importantly were excellent!  Salads were good and the wine list though not spectacular was fine.  We had a great Navarro Pinot Noir for only $53.  Oh and the mashed potatoes.....too die for!  I actually had to text a friend during dinner who loves mashed potatoes as much as I do ...they were THAT good.  After a great meal, cocktails and wine, we couldn't more highly recommend this steakhouse!
4	Who would've thought to come to The Silverton for steak? Well we came on a Friday night to give it a try. Started off bad but ended up being very good.The inside is very dark the setting is kinda romantic lots of couples up to 4 people groups. The service is kind of slow too start. We waited 15 minutes just to get our drinks after we ordered them and we didn't even get to order food yet. My immediate thought was this place was gonna have bad casino steak. I was wrong.The food we ordered was beef carpaccio, 12 oz prime rib and lobster tail, tomahawk steak. Our sides were creamed corn, grilled asparagus and house salad. The beef carpaccio came out first. The beef was cut way too thinly but i think it tasted great with the truffles on top and the brioche bread. The house salad came after. I didnt like the house salad at all. They put WAY too much dressing on it. Every bite tasted like straight balsamic vinaigrette. I only took 2 bites out of it. The main course came out next my prime rib was cooked perfectly how i ordered it. It tasted very good. The lobster tail was also very good with the melted butter. The rib eye was very good and seasoned perfectly. I was really surprised, like i said thought it was just gonna be cheap casino steak. The sides were mediocre. Just basic grilled asparagus and creamed corn with bacon. Nothing amazing.I think the price was biggest thing for me. All that food plus 4 drinks ordered it was only $155. At other restaurants it would've easily been over $300. I definitely would go back and recommend this steak house for other people.
5	Never disappointed me;)love the happy hour
5	TC deserves an update and star bump.We went back on Tuesday night during their 8-10pm HH. I was set on ordering the Tomahawk, but with Jieun craving steak and me not wanting to waste the HH opportunity, I let her order the steak while I picked several HH items. Here's what we enjoyed.* Calamari $8 ($4 during HH)* Prime Rib Sliders $10 ($5 during HH)* Lamb Chops $20 ($10 during HH)* Caprese $6 ($3 during HH)* 20oz Tomahawk Ribeye $36* Two TC Manhattans $10 each ($5 during HH)I had almost forgotten how incredible TC can be. Everything was excellent, particularly the caprese and the lamb chops. The horseradish sauce that came with the sliders was a perfect accompaniment. The manhattans were strong and tasty as usual. And damn. The house salad that preceded the delicious Tomahawk steak is one of the best house salads I've ever had.TC = Top-notch Cuisine
4	Hubby and I came in on a Thursday evening during Happy Hour.  We were seated at the bar, after a 20 minute wait.  They took our phone number down so they can call us when seats were available .  Great!  With this restaurant being located in a Casino, we were doomed to give into gambling while waiting lol.We shared the tomahawk ribeye classic dinner with Mac & cheese and mashed potatoes.  Steak was very good.  I was pretty impressed, after recently having an awesome wagyu version tomahawk ribeye at Del Frisco's.  Mac & cheese and mashed potatoes were, ehhh, just okay.Off the happy hour menu, we ordered CALAMARI, stuffed mushrooms, a glass of red Sangria and a glass of Perfect passion.  Everything was good.  I loved the basket of bread.  My sangria was on point.  Alas, a star docked off because we never got our Calamari.  I had to remind the bartender at the end of our meal.  He was very apologetic and gave me a free glass of white sangria.  Although I was pleased by the gesture, the white sangria sucked and I really wished I tasted the calamari.Besides them forgetting our calamari, service was good.  The bartender was really nice and friendly.  The hostesses were all friendly as well.  Ambience was kind of cute and not too crazy for a mommy and daddy on a night out without the kids.  We'll be coming back and maybe even become regulars.
5	A steakhouse nice enough and good enough to be on LV blvd without the strip prices.  Took the bf here for his bday dinner, went to the bar area for happy hour cocktails and tapas appetizers before moving into the main dining room (HH from 8p-10p).  The bartender Tim made the best vodka gimlet I've ever had, he explained how he made it and it all made sense....muddle with FRESH lime juice, non of that rose's lime juice stuff.  He also recommended a few specials which were not on the menu, including a 20oz tomahawk ribeye steak for the same price of a dry aged bone in ribeye 16 oz steak.  We ordered the steak skewer appetizer and the bacon wrapped dates.  I prefer the bacon wrapped dates at firefly but the the service, the drinks, the other appetizer and the rest of the entire meal was well worth the visit.  We will definitely come back for the happy hour and tapas and will return for dinner on occasion especially if there's a special not listed on the menu. Everyone we ran into from the host/hostess, bartender, servers were all extremely nice, helpful without being over bearing.  Twin creeks...definitely a "woohoo! As good as it gets!" from me!
1	I'm surprised by some of the great reviews this place gets. I will never even try it again. Worst filet I have ever had and the service was terrible. Seriously not worth the drive off strip to eat here. I much prefer Canal Street in the Orleans for a decent steak.
5	It was once again Restaurant Week, and this time we had a 5-star experience at Twin Creeks.  After being seated in a nice, large, and plush booth, Diane enjoyed Lobster Bisque, Atlantic Halibut, and Yukon Mashed Potato Puree, while I savored a pretty good Spinach Salad with hard cubes of Apple Smoked Bacon (although I prefer straight pieces) and a nice light Balsamic Vinaigrette Dressing, Chicken Milanese with Lemon Butter Sauce, undulating Yukon Mashed Potato Puree that was a killer amount of light but very filling Yukon Gold Potatoes, and al dente Steamed Broccolini, along with TC's wonderful warm Chocolate Rolls.  The Chicken Milanese was a delicate, lightly breaded, and juicy breast of chicken that tasted almost like Wienerschnitzel.For dessert we both had Chocolate Molten Lava Cake which consisted of small but very rich individual Flourless Chocolate Cakes topped by Powdered Sugar and Vanilla Ice Cream, with--you guessed it--a warm fluid center that, after being cut into, oozed out decadent flowing chocolate onto the plate.  A nice but unnecessary touch was a complimentary presentation of Bogdon Chocolates Reception Sticks at the end of the meal.Service was excellent!  When I requested more Sweet & Low, a large stock of the narrow packaged variety was presented in a demitasse.  And, when I asked a roving manager for more Lemon Butter Sauce, it was very quickly supplied.  The rock wall of the dining room was colorfully lit, and piped in jazz music added to the romantic ambiance.This was a terrific meal for $40.13 per person, and we could have had an 8 oz. Filet as an entree instead of what we ordered if we had wished.  Before we left, Diane had her third unfinished dessert wrapped up to go in as many days!
5	I had the bone in $42 Tomahawk ribeye.  It was excellent, not quite as good as Golden Steer but better than any others I've had in Vegas.  My friend had the $36 Halibut and said it was very good, definitely fresh fish and the vegetables were very tasty.  I usually don't comment on the salad but I must say this house salad, a spinach leaf salad, with vinaigrette dressing was the best salad I've had anywhere.  The service was also top notch from start to finish.  I highly recommend!
5	took my sister here for her birthday, and THANK YOU restaurant week for making my sister's birthday fall during this week! So we came for their RW menu. It was one of the best RW meals I've tasted. I ordered the creme brule, lobster bisque, and the pacific halibut. Their lobster bisque was on point! Super creamy with HUGE chunks of lobster. Winner. The halibut was perfectly cooked, and lightly seasoned. It was perfect because it wasn't too filling. Their mashed potatoes was amazing. Full of butter and perfectly pureed. If you're thinking about the halibut. I would vouch for it.I also sampled the filet mignon. It was very tender, and full of flavor. Excellent choice as well, and almost wished I had ordered that.I love their selection of bread. They had very different assortments which made me so excited. My personal favorite was the chocoalte chip dinner roll. The service was excellent. They were very attentive. The main dining area had a great creek theme and upscale decor. It is very quiet and intimate with low lighting. Great place for a good date dinner or special occassion dinner. If you want a place that provides good "me time". It's a good pick for dinner. I'd love to try their bar with tapas and happy hour the next tiem I come back.
1	their website says "we invite you to savor tender, expertly-prepared steaks and fresh seafood served in a modern atmosphere - only without the exorbitant prices of the Las Vegas Strip. "WRONG - savory tender steakWRONG - exorbitant prices (i feel like a $50-70 meal should be delicious! this was not) so i'll say it's exorbitant price for very normal steakThe staff was a bit awkward.Conclusion: not worth the money.
3	We again took advantage of the late night happy hour where all food and drinks are  1/2 priced.  My wife chose the highly coveted toasted almond martini (amaretto, Kahlua and house made vanilla bean cream (4 Sips out of a possible 5)) while I chose new ground by ordering a raspberry ice cream martini (raspberry vodka, Chambord, sweet and sour mix, and the vanilla bean cream (3 Sips)).  We also shared  orders of bacon wrapped dates with a balsamic reduction (4 Forks) and piquillo peppers stuffed with garlic cream cheese and served with marinara (3 Forks).
5	We ate here Friday night in a large group of 8.We had a large array of appetizers from steak tartar ,oysters on the half shell,jumbo shrimp cocktail,seafood platter they were all excellent.Main courses were mostly steak all cooked to perfection and very tasty.The sides like lobster mashed potatoes and truffle Mac and cheese are to die for,fantastic.My sea scallops were done perfectly,melted in my mouth.We were offered an experimental wine from Washington state that the team was thinking about adding to there wine list,again it was very good.Jim the general manager took very good care of us all night long,I look forward to going back to Twin Creeks when I'm back in Vegas next year.
5	We attended a work dinner at Twin Creeks. The sat our party in the private dining room.  Since this was a work event we were limitied to what we can choose but the choices we had were wonderful.  My husband had steak and I had chicken.  The service was excellent and the food was delicious.  I would go back in a heartbeat.
5	They just rolled out a new menu a few weeks agoThe mussels are to die forSteak Tartare was awesomeFrench Onion Soup OMGwMy wife had the Lobster Bisqu she loved it!The 24 oz Tomahawk was cooked perfectMy Wife had the Twin Tails and she was in heavenDessert you have to try the Molten Chocolate cake and Creme Brulee Of course done forget a nice Port The Best Steak House in VegasJay the GM is AwesomeSevice Staff RocksYou will not be disappointed!
5	Best kept secret in Vegas....super good food, fantastic happy hour (half price tapas) from 8-10pm. Friendly bar staff.
4	Bring back the 75% off happy hour! Twin Creeks has such wonderful ambiance and offers a great aternative to Strip dining. While I've not had a "regular" meal here, I've enjoyed the happy hour a few times. I had the bacon wrapped shrimp (yum), stuffed dates (also yum) tapas and a few other tapas items. Those really stood out, and they are now 50% off during the happy hour.
4	i stopped to have dinner tonight and was pleasantly surprised at how great the food and service was.  danielle was a very knowledgeable bartender.  I had the mussels- prob the best I've had, perfect combination of baby heirloom tomatoes and sliced garlic with broth.  i also had the tapas market special which was halibut- again- YUMMY.  I look forward to returning next time to try out the happy hour special at 8pm
5	One of the best spots in Las Vegas.  We started off with some amazing tapas in the lounge and finished with a 16oz rib eye. Their happy hour is also great, half price tapas and drinks. Awesome decor and a General Manager that comes around and actually cares about your concerns and compliments. Must try!
4	My husband and I came here last night for my birthday dinner. It was exactly what we had hoped it would be : fancy but not pretentious, yummy but not ridiculously overpriced, and we both left with smiles on our faces and fullness in our bellies.Not sure if this is the right venue to voice my one yelp gripe but I strongly dislike that the mobile yelp app lists the LEAST current photos first. There were over 300 photos for TC and when I saw the blood orange martini (pic 3 or 4) I tried to order it but alas.....not available for quite some time. Like the picture of the calamari? Sorry Charlie - it's not on the menu anymore. Lobster Ravoli? Thing of the past. I apologize to my fellow friendly Yelpers, but my husband FORBADE me from taking photos during the fancy dinner. I really should have taken a photo of the new menu but I couldn't :(I had the 8 oz filet mignon, hubs had the brick chicken with mac and cheese, we shared the creamed spinach, and I enjoyed a bowl of lobster bisque before my meal.The lobster bisque did not skimp on delicious chunks of maine lobster. It was just the right amount. Did I want to slurp the bowl? Yes! Did I ? Nope. My creamed spinach was the perfect side to my filet mignon.  I enjoyed it with almost every bite of my steak. They give you a   hearty serving of sides - I would say enough for 4 people - so beware of over-ordering.The only gripe of my meal was that the plate that the main course was on--- SUPER DUPER HOT!!!! while that may sound strange, it was really really hot and I would think that wouldn't be the usual for a 30 dollar plate. But anywho what was on that burning hot plate sure was yummy! My hubby devoured the brick chicken and could not stop raving about the mac and cheese.Since I couldn't get the blood orange martini I settled for a cosmo and a blueberry martini. Pretty good.The decor was super romantic. The back brick wall had lights that changed colors every few minutes. We sat at a high table, but we looked with envy at the people who sat at the C-shaped booths at the opposite side of the restaurant.We left around 8:15pm or so and their bar area was filled with happy hour patrons. We definitely want to check that out in the future. Also, for whatever reason, there was a couple in front of us when we first came in that were in cut-off jeans & tank tops. They were upset that the hostess wouldn't seat them in the restaurant area but offered a table by the bar. So if didn't know that you couldn't wear cut-off tank tops to this establishment- now you do! my husband had jeans and sneakers on so the dress code isn't that strict.All and all it was a great birthday dinner - the bill was a little over 100 for the both of us so it didn't break the bank. The atmosphere definitely marked a special occasion so I would recommend it for that or for everyday fancy people everywhere.
4	I came here for a romantic dinner and was seated at one of the comfy semi-circle booths. Overall it was a great experience. The food was delicious, service was good, and the decor was beautiful and classy. We had the NY steak with a side of creamed spinach and seafood for two. Everything was fresh and perfectly cooked, we actually finished everything. The only disappointment was the bread, the pretzel breads and flat breads were way too salty.
4	Enjoyed the bone in new york steak with lobster mash.  Quite tasty.  I would not recommend the strawberry shortcake as it tasted like it was from the buffet.Service was very good and a bit of old Vegas where the restaurant manager stops by your table periodically to see how your dinner is progressing.That said, if you are looking to save a few dollars, eat in the bar between 8-10 pm as they have a happy hour menu.  Now I know for next time.
4	Well we were nervous about this place because it was further away from the strip and the casino itself is one of the really depressing ones where you just want to get out of there.  However it's not far only a couple of exits south on the freeway and for once parking is easy.  The menu is typical steakhouse, choose your steak and order sides separately, but at least the steak comes with a salad appetizer.  We had a large party and they struggled to get the timing and details right on all the dishes.  Having said that though the dishes that were right were good, and the manager comped the problematic dishes so +1 for that.  We had a variety of steaks (bone in ribeye, petite filets, regular filets, new york).  The rib eye was thinner than I'm used to but still plenty big.  On the other hand the new york was immensely thick (1.5 inches or so).  The sides were cooked well and the only complaint on the food was that some things were overly salty.  This to me is better than a steak that is underseasoned so it could be worse.  They also pushed us to butterfly the filets, those that agreed to this seemed to end up with dryer filets, so I wouldn't recommend it.  Overall this is a decent steakhouse at prices much cheaper than equivalent food would be on the strip.  It looks nice inside once you get past the depression of the stale off strip casino.
4	For a locals casino off the strip this restaurant is really amazing. I had this dish for dinner that had all my favorites: crab, lobster and filet! It was the ultimate surf & turf and very reasonably priced. I like the ambiance in here as well. Ski lodge meets romantic getaway. I have also been here for happy hour. Let me clarify I only attend happy hours for the food deals not for drinks. Their options of appetizers are awesome and tasty as well as an incredible deal. Worth going to the Silverton.
5	Amazing food descent prices will go back in a heart beat....
2	First, let me say we arrived on the late side at 10:45 (on a Saturday night) so maybe that's why our dinner wasn't so great. We chose the seafood platter for two. It had oysters, crab legs, lobster tail and claw and 4 jumbo shrimp. They had an Asian sauce, raw horseradish, cocktail sauce (not much more than ketchup) and a lemon. No drawn butter. (Really?  No butter with lobster and crab?). The lobster and crab were pretty good after we insisted on drawn butter but the rest were just ok. The flavor of the jumbo shrimp was off. Oh by the way, the bread served is just ordinary rolls, nothing special. Then we had a rib eye steak. They asked if we wanted the cilantro 18 oz or a plain 22 oz. We wanted the smaller one at 11 pm but they failed to tell us smaller meant thinner. We hate a thin steak!  It tastes different and not sure why they called it cilantro because we couldn't taste that flavor at all. By the way they shared with us that they changed the menu (under new management) so they may not have it right yet. Also menu items are now all a la carte.   We didn't try any sides.   We shared our views with the waitress which prompted a table visit from the manager (Jay) and chef (Brian).  Both individuals only were interested in talking to and giving eye contact to my husband as if I didn't matter. I felt insulted. Jay handed his card to my husband and told him to call him personally to make sure his next experience was a better one. No discount, dessert or anything else was offered. The waitress on the other hand knew it was my birthday and brought some vanilla ice cream with two blackberries. That was very nice. The Malbec glass of wine was pretty much the only thing we liked.   We won't be going back.
5	Great atmoshphere and an awesome happy hour. Food was good for the most part. Wasnt a fan of the calamari but all the rest of our food was good. Tried a few different Martinis as well and they were great!
2	I'd heard great things, decided to take my mom and sister for dinner before taking them to the airport. Booked through OpenTable for 8:30 August 9th, and got there 8:25pm.  Waited a min or two and we were seated in an area that had prob a party of 16, so our table was by itself at the other end. Which we thought would make it nice and quiet.Waited a good bit to order bottled water. We had to ask the girl that wasn't our server to send our server by, we had plenty of time to decide on our order as we waited. I order the reg filet medium and my mom and sister both got the petite filet medium well. Also a few sides. Honestly I thought the prices were great, not the typical bloated a la carte prices.The place had the a/c blasted and it got cold, and I'm a guy I love the a/c but was freezing.We waited and waited... The large group finally got their food and our server said ours would be out next. Maybe the group put everyone's orders back a while. When it finally got to us it had been 70 minutes from the time of our reservation!!! As the food runner was placing the filets I couldn't tell the difference in the sizes (our server later said the petite is 6oz and the reg is 8oz pretty small in my book) I cut into mine and took a few bites and it was not medium. My mom and sisters were not medium well but theirs looked medium. Our server took her time checking on us and I showed her that mine was not medium which she agreed. She said she would talk to the chef, I said if I can be out quickly I would like a new one. She came back and said the chef told her he could make it butterfly style and have it some in 6 minutes. I said fine. Interestingly I went out with some friends a while back and we made fun of one of the guys for ordering a filet butterfly style.The filet came out and it was fine. I enjoyed it, just not the hassle. Then we were thinking of getting desserts but again waited quite a while and finally asked the other girl again and she brought the menus. Our server finally came out and we said if they dessert was quick we could do it, again we were going straight the the airport from here. It came out and it was good as well.Anyway she comp'd the dessert (of course that was the least I would expect). Total was $126 and I still tipped $20 even though I honestly shouldn't have. If I had the time I would've asked for the manager. Figured I'd email the manager later when I have time. Guess what no email or direct contact info!Since I recently moved from Summerlin to Mtn's Edge I was thinking this would be a new regular steakhouse for my wife and I, prob not!
5	WOW!  Who would have thought?!  Do NOT JUDGE this restaurant by the casino it is in!!!  AND...they have happy hr on Friday night!!My wife and I like to eat out.  We decided to go somewhere close to the house and we found this place.  This is actually my first review so I don't really know if I am doing this right but...hands down, the quality of the food is that of a 4 star restaurant.  Bone in ribeye is phenomenal!!  Oh yeah, and so is the twice baked potato.The service from Michele was outstanding! I also appreciated the fact that the general manager (Jay) was out and about talking to the tables and showed a genuine concern for his patrons dining experience.We will definitely be back and bring others to share in the great experience that we had!
5	I've only been here for the Happy Hour, which is so awesome I just can't seem to peel myself away from it. There's a good size food menu for it being a happy hour...and the cocktail menu has quite the selections! This place is definitely one of my favorite happy hour spots to go to. The strawberry shortcake is my favorite cocktail there so far! They make it so pretty too. It's not just a drink thrown into a glass. They really make sure to garnish it and make it look beautiful to feed your eyes. The food is yummy too. I'm not so bananas over it as I am for the drinks though. It's good enough to snack on while enjoying your delicious cocktails though. However.....don't expect big portions. They are tapas. I will definitely be going back! I just can't get enough of those cocktails! : )
5	I took my fiance here not too long ago and I must say... this place is a hidden gold mine. You wouldn't think such a nice place would be in the Silverton Casino. The service was great, (considering it wasn't busy) and the waiting was very attentive. The place has such a nice vibe to it, I swear you feel you are elsewhere. Of course the food was very good. Prime rib for me, and salmon for the fiance. I would love to go again
2	Visited during restaurant week with a handful of other fab Yelpers, and was under-impressed. Jason got the filet pre-fixe menu; lobster bisque, filet with mash and broccoli, and a lava cake. The soup was the best part of the entire meal, there were large chunks of lobster and the soup was creamy and delicious- I was very impressed with the first course, but unfortunately the rest of the meal went downhill from there. The steak, ordered medium-rare, was served between medium and med-well. This seemed to be the trend for our table of 12. The mashed potatoes and broccoli were good but nothing spectacular. Lava cake. Eh, wasn't that great. I ordered the sea bass, which was served with a rosemary, lemony chunked tomato, much like a salsa. I was very happy with my dish, it had several layers of flavor and didn't get boring halfway through the meal like many seafood dishes do.We all joked at the table about how Twin Creeks was going to lose a full star overnight. Would I go back? I'd probably have gone back for the prime rib (which I've been CRAVING for weeks) if it weren't for the photos fellow Yelpers posted here (the PR looks pretty nasty). Simply put, nope I wouldn't go back.
5	I've been here 3 times now and each has been great! The rib eye is fantastic and I say that as a Rib Eye maniac. The oysters were excellent and the Pinot noir by the glass is most agreeable! I fully recommend it!
3	My husband and I have been going here for a little over 2yrs now. We absolutely love this place. Normally, we go for happy hour tapas, but the service has gotten a little bit ridiculous. Food takes a very long time to get and we see our waitress maybe 3-4 times the whole night. I feel if one person can't handle it, they should do some more hiring. Anyways, besides that, the tapas are spectacular with awesome prices! Their regular menu is delicious as well. I wish they didn't change the menu to al a cart tho. Makes the bill jump up a little more than we like. Overall, awesome food, nice ppl, great atmosphere.
3	3 stars based upon a price versus value. With so many great restaurants in vegas, if you are aiming for high end, you have got to do better.Food was very good. Had a rib eye steak. Cooked well and seasoned perfectly. Giant yam was half a yam.  Service was where it fell apart. I ate at the bar where most restaurants even poor ones can do great service.  The service here was just ok.  When you are selling $40 steaks, you shouldn't have to wait forever in a pitch dark restaurant for a check or a refill.One note and this did not affect my review but just a heads up. Silverton is made of lead or something so cell phones don't work well there. In this restaurant, they don't work at all.  Make sure you have your phone checking done before you dine. If you are looking for a cell phone free place, this is it.
2	My husband and I went a few days ago while we were on our honeymoon. We had great service, we split a lobster bisque, which was absolutely delicious. My husband ordered a filet mignon and lobster as I ordered just a filet mignon. The lobster again was amazing. Unfortunately my review gets only two stars for the filet mignon. It was very dry and rubbery and lacked in flavor. We  were quiet disappointed due to this being a "steakhouse".  Other then that the restaurant is great with nice tall booths and created a perfect romantic atmosphere.
4	definitely a hidden gem...went here pre-concert last week. We had petite filet, lobster bisque, spinach salad and the beef carpaccio. All of it was great, and great price!  Too bad the  casino is sooo boring! We had such a great meal and then had nothing to do to enjoy afterwards...all the elements were there, wish they could put it all together.
4	Love everything on the happy hour menu with the exception of calamari and rock shrimp. Any fried item they can't seem to get it right. BUT everything else is super scrumptious! Oysters, lamb, steak skewers, scallops, burger and they have a bacon wrapped date that I can't vouch for bcuz I don't eat pork. Everything else on the happy hour menu is good though. The salad options and French onion soup off the regular menu is also a steal. Great place to go for late night happy hour or a really early one. The manager is also really nice. ;-)
4	This hidden gem never disappoints. Their steaks are great, the wine list is good and the wait staff always attentive.  A must do the next time you are in Vegas.
1	I used to come here for happy hr . They had a lot to choose from and a GREAT bartender . Went recently and was disappointed . Food menu is tiny and no vegetarian options. Drink selection also small if you're not a bourbon/whiskey/rye drinker your out of luck . I know they want to be known for their bourbon selection but it's not right for everyone.  I hope they revisit their new menu and maybe add well drinks to the cocktail portion .   I would love to come back but it's sadly not likely .
1	I used to love dining here. In fact we would come here up to 3x a month and spend an average of $100+ but, not ever again. Don't use the restroom while dining here or you will be accused of running out on the tab, even BEFORE you get your food.  That's right folks, they had contacted surveillance to see where I went, then had security waiting outside of the restroom. Like I said I didn't even get my food until AFTER being harassed.  Very poor management for being so accusational. My husband and I dine out quite frequently as you can all see by my Yelp check-ins (in fact we don't even check-on to all places we dine at) but, never have we been accused of running out on a check. I'm so upset with Twin Creeks and will spend my money elsewhere. I recommend my fellow Yelpers to follow suit so they do not have to experience something like this.
4	Great spot for late night happy hour and super discounted tapas. Coming back when I'm in Vegas again.
4	Came in for happy hour at 5 in the lounge and came back fto try dinner at thrir main dining room at 9:30. Food was amazing!Hidden local gem! Great ambiance. Happy hour from 5-8 daily and half off tapas and select cocktails. Our bartender Patrick and the bar/ lounge staff gives impeccable service! Absolutely better than our server. I'll definitely be back here!
4	Like many others, I am primarily reviewing the happy hour here. Having had the chance to try like 75% of the happy hour menu from before as well as the new one, I feel comfortable saying that this is one of the best deals in Vegas. Too bad it's not 75% off like it used to apparently be.The cocktails here at around 5 dollars a piece during happy hour are absolutely a steal. They are crafted with complex flavors with a flair for presentation. But here is the drawback - the new happy hour is only one hour long, but twice a day. 5-6pm and 9-10pm. This makes it hard to really sit there and have some drinks and also to try a lot of the foods.Still, it's hard to pass on the stuffed mushroom, the dates, or even the bread basket. Some of my old favorites are gone, but it appears they are going to try and change the menu a little more often now to entice people back in. The new scallops are worth highlighting on the new menu, though I miss the old stuffed peppers and meatballs as well.Admittedly, some of the tapas feel a little pricey at times, even at half off, so I doubt I'd find myself here not at one of those times.
5	We went for our "after Christmas" dinner and had one of the best meals in a long time.  Sue was our waitress and She went above and beyond to make us feel comfortable. All of the food was delicious!  The cream corn was to die for and my Girlfriend's mom asked the manager if we could have the recipe, well he did one better.  He brought the head chef, Paul out who explained how to make the cream corn while we wrote it down.  All in all it was a fabulous meal and I look forward to bringing vendors, friends and family back!
5	The food was wonderful and the service was even better.
4	I've always heard good things about this place and it was always on my "places to try if I'm near there and am hungry" list. So one evening not too long ago, I found myself way out here on this part of town and fiending for some red meat. I was worried that I may be too casual since I wasn't planning on eating at a nice restaurant when I set out to run errands that day. My sister and I rolled in there with our jeans and Chucks without any strange looks or hesitation from the friendly hostess. I ordered the lobster bisque and I thought it was just okay. To me, it was more like a tomato bisque with some lobster pieces. It lacked the buttery, richness that makes a good lobster bisque IMO. For dinner I ordered the cilantro marinated rib-eye and potatoes au gratin. OMG that rib-eye was the best steak I have ever tasted! Perfectly cooked at medium rare with so much great flavor from the cilantro marinade. I've had great steaks throughout the years and it's not hard to mess up a steak as long as its quality meat and cooked to your liking. But dude, this cilantro marinade took it to the next level and I still have dreams about it! Don't even dare think about putting any steak sauce on that masterpiece. Just leave it alone and take in all that yumminess the way it comes.Although this is a fine dining restaurant, it's definitely not pretentious and I'm very glad they didn't mind the casual attire. Otherwise, I would not have been able to experience that amazing steak. Next time, I'd like to try out some of their unique concoctions from their specialty drink menu. I will be finding myself running errands and working up a big appetite on this side of town a lot more often!
4	Hidden gem in Silverton Casino. Seafood and steaks, at a reasonable price point. We had crab cakes, lobster bisque, risotto with seared scallops, NY steak. Bread basket was a bomb! We'll return.
5	really great stuff. the sides are really big and delicious, steak is top notch. the bread the start you off with is melt in your mouth good, try not to eat too much, the portions here are very big. the lobster bisque and the french onion soup are awesome. there is a server named sue she is the best!
5	As a local, I was blown away by Twin Creeks. It gives that strip feel, without the strip price tag. The food was absolutely amazing.  Chef Paul has the unique ability to combine sophisticated food with comfort food.  I recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves good food and drinks and wants a quiet night out.
3	Nice, upscale feeling without having to "dress up".  We thoroughly enjoyed gazing at the fish tank and the Bass Pro Shop waterfall before heading in to our reservation.Bread basket = YUM! Three of us devoured two baskets of the various bread - the flat bread was my favorite, hubby liked the raisin and son enjoyed the asiago.The Caesar salad was a bit disappointing. It looked pretty, but was lacking in flavor.Onion soup was great, cheesy, not too salty, great depth of flavor.NY Strip - done perfectly to order, and my notoriously picky steak-eater ate the entire thing!Half a roasted boneless chicken was fine, nothing special.Scallops over mushroom risotto was good, some grittiness detracted from the enjoyment.We disliked that sides had to be ordered separately (and were an additional cost). The "garlic mashed potatoes" were just mashed potatoes with some garlic spread on top - a bit deceiving. Asparagus was tasty, but nothing to write home about.Wine selection is large, and the red my husband got was very good. My vodka martini on the rock with a twist was strong and cold - perfect.All in all, a nice "fancy" dinner for when you're not prepared to dress up, but it was a bit expensive  (even by Las Vegas standards) for what we got, in my opinion.Shout out to Nadine for great waitressing.
4	The happy hour drink specials & small plates are the way to go. Half price even on the specials. A great meal fir under $20. Service is great as well.
1	I stopped going here all together. The wait is literally over an hour just to be seated for happy hour tapas. We then come to find they changed the happy hour times to literally 1hr time periods. Wtf?? It takes that long to sit down!! They definitely lost loyal customers. If you can't deal with the stress of busy-ness, try hiring more people or just get rid of happy hour. Don't advertise what you can't handle.
4	Tried happy hour and a full dinner. Both were good. Steak and seafood dishes we good. Sides were good as well. I wouldn't put them up there with the finest steakhouses, but it is very good for the price.
5	Wow! Everyone needs to try this place! Extremely affordable and the food is exceptional! I am NEVER disappointed when I eat here.  This is a hidden gem tucked away in the back of Silverton Casino. The scallop risotto is delicious. My boyfriend loves the lamb it's very tender, but still has that 'gamey' flavor. The guest service is always great. Staff members are very attentive.  A very welcoming environment as well.  Honestly you leave here feeling full without a dent in your pocket.  The quality of food really speaks for itself. I always recommend people to eat here. Great value and delicious food!
5	I had the scallops and my date had the filet mignon.  The bread basket and entrees were very tasty and I loved the decor~!
4	Best restaurant in the Silverton.Steak is always cooked as ordered.  Sides are all spot-on.  I dig the bread basket as it comes with a variety of delightful choices. Service is prompt and courteous, you're never "left hanging".
5	Amazing service, very cozy atmosphere, steaks were cooked to perfection, drinks were on point, and the desserts were amazing.  We came here with my inlaws for my husband's birthday.  My two kids, 13 and 10, enjoyed salmon and steak, my father in law (who happens to be a professional chef) raved about the lobster bisque.  I could have bathed in the blue and bacon mashed potatoes, and the loaded broc was pretty good as well.  We brought our own wine, and the $20 corkage fee is very reasonable.
5	Wonderful surprise, my wife and I went to Target and then decided to try the Taco place inside Casino. Little did we know that there was a Great Steakhouse in the casino as well. We walked in had an awesome appetizer and two great steaks. Service was great and the manager came to the table and spoke with us for a few minutes. Side dishes were full of flavor and the steaks perfectly cooked!!! See you guys again real soon!!! Thank you
5	Just Incredible!!!   I had the Filet Mignon with peppercorn sauce.  Incredible!!!!  Definitely will come back!!!
4	Everything about this place was nice, the atmosphere, the waiter, the salad, awesome bread, my husbands steak... sadly my steak was well done and dry instead of meium rare like I requested. I could have sent it back but I didn't feel like waiting for another to cook.
3	Last time I stopped by here for happy hour I was disappointed. They cut an hour off the time, the service was not consistent with our  previous service and the food was a far cry from what I'm used to from here. I probably won't be coming back for happy hour considering the other options available. I will come back for their surf and turf trip though.
4	Went to Twin Creeks for the first time to celebrate our 25th anniversary. I was quite impressed with the entire evening. The stuffed mushroom appetizer I had and the French onion soup my wife ordered were both some of the best we have tasted.  For dinner, we ordered the petite fillet and the bone-in ribeye. Our waitress recommended the Au Poivre for my ribeye since I professed a liking for pepper and had ordered the Brandy Peppercorn sauce. Now I do like pepper but the Au Poivre was a bit over the top even for me. Despite that, both of the steaks were perfectly cooked and we enjoyed them immensely.    Be sure to share the sides as each one is more than enough for two. I can not recommend the "loaded" broccoli unless you just really like broccoli, as it was basically just a large plain spear with some sauce and bacon.   Was very pleased that our waitress gave us the "hairy eyeball" when we considered ordering the cheesecake to take home for later. She instead recommended a chocolate cake that was absolutely great. Two thumbs up for the honesty in recommendations. She also got me to try a blended wine called "Trouble" that was fantastic. It was my first time trying a blend but it will certainly be on my next liquor store shopping list.   Overall, a great evening and great food. Would have given it 5-Stars except for the Au Poivre being a little too much, the broccoli and the fact that no one ever asked or acknowledged why we were there. A 25th seems to me to be a big milestone these days and I think they missed an opportunity to at least say "Happy Anniversary."
5	We had excellent service and the food was great.  I had the NY and my wife had the pork chops which were both awesome, and the au gratin potatos may have stolen the show. Would definitely go back!
5	I drove across town to try this due to a friends comments. It was so worth it. We came for the 9 pm happy hour in a Wednesday night. We ordered of the half off happy hour menus and man it did not disappoint! Lamp chops, oysters, watermelon salad, cheese & meat plate, shrimp and prim rib sliders. I also ordered a Pumpkin pie martini and I can tell you if do it all again. The service was great, the food was awesome! I can't wait to go back!!
4	Stuffed my Twin Cheeks here.I came here twice; once for the happy hour and once for restaurant week. The food here is fantastic and for half the price of what The Strip would charge, this place ROCKS! Must Try:- Lamb Chops- Crab Cakes- Steaks- Any of the MartinisThe restaurant experience was good, but I think I prefer coming here for happy hour. There's so much good stuff on the menu, that I would rather have a variety of great eats to share, that downing one rib-eye for myself. Definitely will come back.My street creds:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 10 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
5	We loved our meal and the ambiance is great. Our server was phenomenal. I started with a wedge salad and glass of Pinot noir. I had the cilantro marinated rib eye that was as big as my plate and it was delicious! Only complaint is that my steak was overcooked. I ordered my steak medium but it was just about well done. My kids shared the salmon which they liked but they loved my steak even more. Also had the fries which were ok and the Mac and cheese was yummy. My husband ordered the filet and lobster tail $51, he enjoyed his meal but the steak was tiny. Can't wait to go back.
2	Waiter was nice but took a while to get back to us to take our order.  Fish was so bland if it didn't come with the peach salsa it would have had zero flavor at all, onion soup was way too salty, and salad had about a pound of dressing on it.  Atmosphere was pleasant and bread was good for 2 stars.
3	I'd guess we've been here 6 times in 4 years, and I don't think there's going to be a 7th. Basically it's flip a coin as to if your meal is going to be really good, or really bad.One night the steaks are perfect and are flavorful, the next time they couldn't be cooked worse and they look like really bad cuts of meat to begin with. Another time one of our steaks were good and they burned my wife's beyond recognition. When she got her new one we weren't sure if they had actually put it on the grill it was so raw. It doesn't seem to matter what night it is or what server we have. It's totally random.  They also changed their menu and upped their prices a year or two ago so that was the last straw. Go there is you wish, you may get a great meal, but you also may get a lousy one. We're done guessing which it will be.
3	Eh. Nothing to write home about.  We sat at the bar and still had super slow service. The bartenders had no idea how to ring in an order.  They asked us several times what we ordered, had no idea how to answer our questions and then, my meal came out 20 minutes after my boyfriend's but only after I asked the bartender about it.  No apology, which was disappointing.My food was ok considering it was probably sitting under the heat lamp for 19 minutes. For the price, not worth it.
5	I seldom write a review on line but the consistently great food, cocktails & service at this treasure inside the Silverton requires me to comment. My husband & I are always trying restaurants in Vegas but we make a weekly visit to Twin Creeks. The Staff at the entrance are friendly & professional, Cameron, the manager, takes pride in the restaurant. We have found him assisting in every facet of the restaurant in order to enhance the experience. Troy is a great mixologist, remembers our favorite beverages, also takes our meal order, and still keeps up with the cocktail servers requests.The food is deliciously selected & prepared, the overall experience is delightful. Try the yummy lamb chops, crab stuffed shrimp & watermelon salad. Spectacular! See for yourself!
5	The third time I've been here, so I felt it fair to leave an AWESOME review! The service and food are both stellar, and you cannot beat the price for the quality. Also, being in the silverton, I was there in jeans and a tank top eating a lovely meal and did notFeel out of place... This Vegas local will be returning for a 4th visit very soon! The happy hour menu is amazing! I believe we had 2 wines each, and 5 items for $60!
5	tapas are really awesome delicious! 50% off on happy hour! Service is really great!They are like a fimily to me! The pumpkin spice martini is my favorite.   My comfort zone place... I hope its happy hour everyhour :-).
2	This used to be our fave casino restaurant but have not gone back in a year due to travel and a lot of etc....but last night we had out of town guests that we wanted to make sure they had a good dining experience....and they did not complain but were not thrilled.  Our wait service was OK but food was chincy, salty, served sporadically.  One example...chopped salad was about one cup of regular salad size portions of ICE BERG lettuce, one 1/2 inch piece of avocado...NOT ONE OTHER ITEM in a chopped salad.  I inquired as to what was supposed to be in their chopped salad and all I was missing from their recipe was NO TOMATO  (I have never had a chopped salad with tomato)  Two people took their  rib eye steaks home and said they could make soup but it was not really edible as an entre.  I was the only one that said anything at all to the waiter because...what good would it do?  What a shame that this wonderful eatery has gone to pot....
5	My husband had the most delicious roasted chicken & corn au gratin. I enjoyed the beef tenderloin & Brussel sprouts, both deliciously prepared. The hand crafted cocktails are superbly mixed by Troy our favorite bartender. We have never had anything but terrific food & great service. We love Twin Creeks!
5	We cannot say enough about how much we enjoyed our dining experience here. We started with wine in the intimate and lovely dining room. I loved the decor throughout and our table was comfortable. Appetizers included oysters and a to-die-for spinach salad. Everyone at the table enjoyed their entree, particularly the filet mignon and lobster. Our server was perfectly attentive and friendly, she was knowledgeable and professional. Prices are reasonable, and a great value.  Highly recommended, and we will certainly go back!
4	This steakhouse had a retro feel with a modern twist. Service was very good and we were able to get in without a reservation after about an hour. Luckily the Mermaid Lounge was right around the corner and Bass Pro shop was open until 9pm so we had plenty to do until we were seated. I ordered a pumpkin spice martini. It was okay, a little strong for me. A little dollop  of whip cream might have helped. The lobster bisque was wonderful though! I wish I would have order a martini glass full of that too! It was very rich and decadent. For dinner I had the lamb shank over wild mushroom risotto. It was flavorful and the gravy was great. My boyfriend ordered the new york steak medium and it was cooked perfectly. Our sides were the loaded broccoli (covered in parmesean & bacon), garlic mashed potatoes, and mac and cheese. We had so much food I just ate mac in cheese for breakfast haha. Overall our meal was good, definitely above average. I enjoyed the service and atmosphere in the casino. It was a lovely date night and my boyfriend got to do a bit of shopping at Bass Pro Shop. I do wish we had room for dessert... the creme brule sounded divine!
4	This gem is in my own backyard.Happy hour martini?  Cold dry 3 olives...Absolut smoothe.Server Nadine superb service.  Ask for her!Wedge salad with pancetta nice cheesey bleu.Filet tender and perfectly done.Twice baked special as well.Make reservations especially on weekend
5	Amazingly wonderful!   A must enjoy!
5	Like this steak house a lot Never had a bad meal. Reasonably priced. Good variety of bread. Quality drinks. Great steaks. French onion soup and lobster bisque outstanding. Reservation needed on weekends.
5	We just returned from having Christmas dinner here and it was amazing. We opted to order from the regular menu rather than have the holiday dinner they had made available. The setting was very nice with great holiday music. The service was amazing- Nadine was our server and she was great.  As for the food it was delicious- better than Flemings steak house. We loved the grilled asparagus. We will definitely be returning.
5	The food quality for an off strip hotel is phenomenal - especially for the prices.   The decor is elegant, and the staff are knowledgeable and extremely lovely.  For a more casual and upbeat experience, I recommend the bar/lounge area.  For a romantic dinner, definitely a booth in the dining room.  Make sure you come hungry!
