4	You know when you get a craving for that old school American style Chinese food.. the kind thats a little greasy but tasty and comforting.. well this is the place! Incidentally next door to LA Fitness the place generally crawls with muscleicious guys for their post work out meal.. tonight of course was no exception.. I digress..They make all the usual suspects, sweet and sours, moo shu's, fried crispy bits and such. I really dig the thick muscle.. I mean, Chippie's Family Style Tofu.. lightly fried tofu with loads of veggies in a brown sauce, yummy! Be sure to ask him to make it spicy!! The Hot and Spicy Cabbage Salad is also yummy and refreshing. We all have these neighborhood Chinese places, usually family owned.. not great, not sucky but just what the craving called for.
4	It had been a few years since I last gave this place a try. It hadn't blown me away as I had remembered, but I was still up to giving it another shot.  I must say that this place is much better than I had remembered. I stopped in for lunch and there were several people eating in there at the time. I ordered the Luncheon Special #3 (Cashew Chicken served with an egg roll, fried wonton, fried rice, and a fortune cookie) for myself and a #1 special (Qwik special chicken which also came with all the additional stuff mentioned above) for a friend to go.  Each dish was only $6.25 a piece and were both ready in about 7 minutes. I guess the Qwik part wasn't just a clever name, they actually do cook stuff up pretty fast there.  I brought the food back to the office and tried my lunch. Yes, I also made sure to give my friend his lunch as well.  It was a dark meat chicken, white meat can be substituted, in your typical brown sauce with veggies and cashews. However it was done well. No one ingredient dominated the dish and there wasn't a ton of sauce. The egg roll was crispy and flaky and filled with veggie goodness as well. I like the fact that they will deliver as far south as Camelback, north to Cactus, east to 60th street, and west to 96th. They are open until 9:30 pm seven days a week which is nice as well. I went back to try some of the soups and the dumplings and I have to say that while the soup was good, the dumplings may just be in the top 3 that I have had in Arizona. They don't have that "just unfrozen" taste that many restaurants have. I think I would have given them that fifth star had they had both scallion pancakes and noodles w/ sesame sauce on their menu, but alas they do not.  I look forward to going back and trying many of their other dishes.
3	This place is the new Chop & Wok.  Good old fashioned, down and dirty chinese take out.  The owner is right out of a Seinfeld episode and it's worth eating there just to watch him run the show.
5	Awesome food, awesome owner. Had the Kun Pao and Orange Chicken,  both were a huge upgrade from the usual Panda Express. Expect me to be back at Qwik Chinese sometime soon!
4	Good qwik Chinese the best I have found for delivery in the Scottsdale area the lo mein is great!
5	I grew up in the Bay Area in California, so I know good Chinese food when I taste it. This is the best Chinese food that I found in the seven years I lived in Phoenix.The flavor is fantastic, the prices are reasonable and the service is something of years gone bye.If you are looking for an upscale dining experience, this place is not for you. The atmosphere is casual and laid back. So throw on your shorts and flip-flops and head to a great restaurant for a great dinner.(I also hear they deliver but I always lived outside of their delivery area. My wife and I would drive over twenty minutes each way just to eat dinner here.)
4	The delivery was quick and the deliver very polite. I was impressed with the quality you get for the price they offer. I will definitely be ordering from here.
4	I'm not usually big on chinese, but this place is doing it right! Nice clean feel upon entering, and I was promptly greeted by a friendly man whom I would guess is the owner.  The menu was easy to read, and the prices are fair. I ordered won ton soup and moo goo gai pan.  Both were great!  Would definitely recommend to friends!
5	This is our go to chinese place. I have never dined in, but always carry out. They may deliver but I am not sure as I've never asked. The food is like chinese back east. They have great wonton soup, the best eggrolls I've found in Arizona and very friendly service. Call ahead and your food is ready for pickup within 15 minutes, and always steaming hot. My only complaint is that the only spicy mustard they have comes in packets and isn't that good. If they could get real spicy mustard the egg rolls would be even better. Also, get the pot stickers or crab rangoons. Amazing!
3	Maybe I've had better Chinese in the past than I realized, or perhaps I ordered the wrong things, but I can't see giving this place five stars. The egg rolls were too salty, the hot and sour soup was lacking in sour, the vegetable pork was bland.It's quick, not over priced and not over cooked. I'm willing to try it again.
3	It's ok. The take-out breaded chicken was crammed in a tight box so the breading got steamed to be chewy instead of being crispy. I think the food tastes better dine-in than takeout. They have good lunch specials. Friendly people.
5	Five stars, for a little hole in the wall Chinese joint? Yes, I'm serious. Now, before you Elite's rip me a new one, and call for my Elite badge to be removed...I should say that I was really in the mood for Chinese food. I mean REALLY in the mood for Chinese food. Typically nights like last night, I would've settled for chex mix, beef jerky, fried chicken, doritos or even Taco Bell....catch my drift here?Ok, so I'm ready for Chinese food. I'm starving. The kind of hunger that could put even third world nations to shame (too insensitive?).I ordered the almond chicken, egg rolls and brown rice. When I picked it up, the guy that was at the counter was pretty cool. He had one of those voices that made him seem like a character from a 1980's Nintendo game...(Think Piston Honda from Mike Tyson's Punchout). He was pretty cool.Well, he was cool until, he asked, "All this food for you?" Yes. It was all for me. Clearly he couldn't take a hint by my condition. Oh well. He was still really cool. I lied to him BTW. I told him, it was for me and my friend. So he gave me two sets of chopsticks.The food was amazing. Actually no. It was more like a religious experience. Yes, that freaking amazing. And no, this isn't like five star, white cloth dining. This is the kind of amazing food you eat out of a box, on your favorite couch, watching Archer, South Park, Tosh.0, or Family Guy.Epic food. I am coming back. I don't care if it's unhealthy. I work out six days a week just for this.
4	Had a couple entrees delivered and I was disappointed. After reading the mix of reviews here I knew what to expect - good chinese food. I wasn't let down. The spicy entrees were spicy, the breading was what east coast chinese offers and the rice was just sticky enough.Overall we had a good meal and it wasn't pricey. We will definitely be ordering from here again!
5	I love this place! The owner is always there and you can tell he takes great pride in what he does. Great food and great customer service!
4	Over the last three months, I've ordered: Kung Pao Chicken, Mu Shoo Pork, Shrimp in Lobster Sauce, Won Ton Soup, General Tsao's Chicken, Spare Ribs, Egg Foo Yung, Pork Lo Mein, House Fried Rice, Pot Stickers Crab Puffs, Pu Pu Platter and EggRolls. I have yet to hit a clunker.If you like REALLY hot mustard (Pot Stickers & Egg Rolls demand hot mustard), ask for the "House Mustard" not the mustard packets. Yum!!Being a native New Yorker and learning to like chinese cuisine in NYC's Chinatown and spending my college years eating in Boston's Chinatown, I'd say the food here wouldn't be out of place in either of those settings. My order has always been freshly prepared and hot.The owner takes pride in his work and takes credit cards. The food is excellent and reasonably priced. They deliver. What more can a bachelor ask for?
5	We were craving Chinese take-out and randomly found Qwik Chinese because it was close. We were very pleased with the discovery! The food was incredible and tasted much better than the name would imply :) This food is leaps and bounds beyond your typical take out. We got a few small entrees as well as fried rice, it was a ton of delicious food for the price.
5	The food here is great.  Best Chinese I've found in AZ and not super pricey.  Gary, the owner, is always here and always cheerful, friendly, and always remembers us and our orders, even when we haven't  been in for a year!  Needless to say, this place is awesome and you need to come here!
5	We just swung by a friends house after they finished moving to this area and they were craving Chinese. Me (in my head, not out loud): "This sounds like the perfect opportunity to use the Yelp app!" Sound effect: Trumpets Me (out loud this time): "Hey guys, I found this Chinese place within walking distance, and Dave N. said it's good, I know that guy!" So off we go with our group of 6. First we get treated with those tasty Chinese crunchy chips. They must have been the Chinese equivalent of the chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant since we got them with our water. After looking over the menu, we all wanted to eat everything, which is not possible since this is not a buffet so we go for the family style dinner. Excellent choice. First up we get a very tasty soup and egg roll. After mixing and matching some Sriracha sauce with some other sauces on the table, we are ready to go with some main dishes. One thing we made the mistake of is choosing too many dishes with broccoli in it, but other than that, every dish coming out tasted amazing! By about dish 3 (mind you, we are sharing with 6 people), we are all really full and can't believe another 2 dishes are coming out. Service was amazing, my glass was never empty. At one point, the person I can only assume was the owner (the way his voice seemed to command everyone's attention and how we walked around checking on tables) was trying to full my glass with water while I was drinking it. Pretty funny. We all left with takeout boxes, extremely full stomachs and comments about how we will be returning again.
3	I have been on a Chinese food kick lately, and with not a lot of Chinese food in the area, Qwik Chinese is really my only option.  My coworker is in love with this place and has been raving about it for months so I decided to give it a try.  I have been three times now, and while I like some of the dishes, I have been very disappointed with the rest, especially since I think Gary who runs the place is just such a nice guy and I want to keep coming back.The best thing that I have had here by far is the Shrimp Lo Mein, they don't skimp on the shrimp and the noodles have lots of flavor.  I also have enjoyed the Crab Rangoon a couple of times, they are generous with the filling, but I wish they were folded over like a turnover rather than the fancy flower shape, they would be much easier to eat that way!My disappointments have come when I venture away from the lo mein.  The sesame chicken was just weird, I had to just throw it away, I was too scared to eat it.  The Mongolian pork was actually pretty tasty, but the ratio of green onions to pork was like 3:1, so I felt like I had been ripped off.  Last time I decided to try the orange beef; the beef was surprisingly tender but it had no flavor, it just tasted like beef, the orange sauce was completely lacking and I was sorely disappointed.I will probably get food from here again because it is close by and really the only option I have, but I am probably just going to stick to the shrimp lo mein and crab puffs and call it a day.
2	To the reviewer that said that Qwik Chinese's food is like Chinese food back East, I have 2 words:  NO WAY.This food does not taste like Chinese food back East.   Below average to average is a fairer description.
3	On my first trip, I would've given them 4 stars...at least. But today...well, jeez, someone find out who is in charge of that salt shaker and remove their privileges. It tasted like an entire box of Morton's was dumped in my chicken...or maybe it was just the sauce that got salt cured. *sigh* Inedible. I was so sad. The eggroll was fantastic though! I will give the place another chance just because my first visit was soooooooo good, but I won't be ordering the Qwik Chicken again. (I should've known better than to order something that didn't have any veggies in it anyway...shame on me)
4	And we're BACK! Spicy eggplant, add chicken, steamed rice...OMFG. I may put this on my short list for foods to be brought to me in my padded cell on 'you can have WHATEVER you want' day at the sanitarium. Again with the eggroll...5 stars baby. Crispy, fresh, delicious...nom nom nom.The eggplant was well cooked, flavorful and the accompanying spicy sauce, although not THAT spicy, had a nice little kick to it and you know you can always add more sriracha sauce if you want a little more heat. Plus, they delivered it to my job (which is almost enough to push them up to 4 1/2!) especially on a crazy day like today. (Oh hell, who am I kidding, every day is crazy).
3	Yelp brought me here, as always!  I didn't exactly know what to expect of a place that calls itself Qwik (Chinese) - doesn't really lend itself to delicious, quality, or any other adjective that is the opposite of fast food.  That having been said, the food was good!  I had some wonton soup and the almond chicken delivered.  The soup was flavorful enough, though there was probably more soup than ingredients.  The wontons themselves don't have the super thin kind of consistency, more of a thicker, chewy, doughy kind of texture.  I prefer the former which is why I brought this up.  Still good though.  The chicken dish itself was pretty good as well, using quality chicken (not that questionable, "is this rubber thing I'm chewing actually chicken?" taste).  Flavorful as well, and doesn't leave you with that greasy, grimy, stuck in the bottom of your stomach kind of feeling like most other chinese does.  To sum it up I'd say this place has the intent of a more traditional/home cooked kind of chinese meal, but it's been tailored a bit for stateside consumption.  Won't stop me from going back though!
5	My wife and I have been looking for a good quality, no MSG using, old fashioned Chinese food restaurant in the Scottsdale area for quite some time. Finally it seems we have found it.  We have eaten here quite a few times and while it is not the fanciest restaurant they do simple Chinese food really well. The owner is almost always there and extremely friendly and the food is tasty.I have found the Lo Mien and the Mongolian Beef to be outstanding. The garlic chicken and Moo Shu shrimp are favorites as well.They do deliver but I have almost always found it faster to go in and pick it up.  So, If you are looking for some simple yet very tasty Chinese food, I highly recommend this place. It is nice to have them in the neighborhood.
4	I had the dumplings, mu shu pork, and orange chicken.  The dumplings and mu shu were tasty and traditional, like I would get back home in NY, but the orange chicken was different.  It was delicious, but the breading was less greasy than usual and gave an aura of home made-ness.  Rather than having been simply plopped in a deep fryer and caked with orange glaze, this seemed to be breaded by hand and almost over fried (but lets not be delusional here).  Partly because of the lack of viable alternatives for good quick chinese restaurants around the area, I'm a fan of Qwik Chinese.
3	Its nice to support the locals vs the big chains, however some times its a trade off. It was nice to get free won ton chips at the table.  The upgrade to brown rice is a bit steep however at $1.The dishes them self were decent but nothing too impressible and when you ask for hot sauce you get a small dish of chilli oil, hardly enough for a true fire head. If you are in the area give it a try, but don't drive too far you will be just as happy or happier at a peiwei for about the same price.
4	The food was good.  Great service.  I will come here again.
1	The food is OK, not great. The Mongolian beef is maybe the only great thing they have, everything else is mediocre. I order it because there aren't many other options in my area and I keep hoping they'll do better.I am especially disappointed in their delivery times. When I order, they quote me 30-45 minutes, AN HOUR LATER (sometimes MORE)  it finally arrives... COLD. This has happened the last two times I ordered from this place. The food is already bland, then to deliver it cold? AND they don't even apologize. QWIK Chinese? Ya right. Not even close to "qwick".
1	Went here based on all the great Yelp reviews.  I almost walked out of this place because it took forever to get my order in.  People kept calling this place, and instead of prioritizing who would get serve first, I guess take out took priority over people who were eating in.  When I finally did get my order in, the food came out fast, but the food was so bland and mediocre, I should have just left then and there, but why would I waste $13?  Anyways, should have tried someplace else.  Also, it was kinda of gross that the owner's daughter was hanging out on the table I was at, and left all here hairs on the plate, the napkins, etc.
1	My family and I have been going to Qwik Chinese for over 12 years, before Gary was the owner. We have never had a problem with the food or service until recently. Ever since Gary went to the new location, this place has gone way down hill and I will no longer recommend this place to anyone, not even my worst enemy. The people answering the phones don't know the menu and options not listed on the menu. No one there has any customer service skills, and every time I've gone in since Gary left, I have been highly unsatisfied and have experienced a problem with my food EVERY single time. If you are thinking of eating here, think twice! Go to the new location at Via Linda and 90th street. I haven't been there yet, but it HAS to be better than this original location!
1	This place sucks. The food is horrible. I just moved here from Long Island and I am not impressed at all. I guess you guys have never had good Chinese food.
4	Homey place with bad lighting. It adds a little twist to normal American Chinese fare. Different, yet tasty flavors than the average Lo Mein parlor. Well prepared. Not deep fried goop like most strip mall Chinese joints.I would go back again if I'm in the area.Very friendly staff. Watch out for Karaoke night on Fridays....Very, very loud. However, the pregnant lady DJ sang the most  hauntingly beautiful version of Fleetwood Mac "Dreams" which made it alright. Brought me to the brink of tears it was so good.
4	This is my second trip here. Came for lunch because I came a month or so ago for dinner and was pleasantly surprised. I'm even more surprised with the lunch. For $8 I got a lunch special that was chicken chow mein that comes with soup, egg roll, and fried rice. To top it all off, the food (with exception of the fried rice which is hit or miss) was all amazing!
2	Met a friend here off of the 4 star yelp rating, thought we'd give it a try.  Sweet and sour chicken was pretty rough, many "bouncies" in the chicken as I call it.  Sauce was meager and as hungry as I was I couldn't bring myself to  finish the dish.  Friend ordered shrimp w/lobster sauce, said it was o.k.Service was great and the people were quite nice.  Perhaps they have better dishes, and the place is worthy of its 4 star ranking, but I just don't see it.
5	Don't get me started on how much I love this place and its owner, Gary. Best Chinese in Scottsdale (Hsubaloo and Segrio can corroborate these claims).I order 1 thing, and one thing only: General Tao's Chicken. Extra extra extra extra spicy, extra chicken (only $1 more). It is to die for. Great big chunks of chicken, tossed in a deliciously sweet sauce that is littered with chili peppers. Top notch quality. (under $10 and change with tax)I have also had the pot stickers here. Apparently steamed and then grilled to put some heavenly char-flavoring on them.  (a little expensive at $7.95 plus tax, but oh so good.)Gary, the owner, is the best.. always friendly.
5	Love me some Qwik Chinese. Gary and his wife are beyond warming. We want to Gary's new location on via Linda because my father in law was in intensive care on 90th street. Gary and his staff were so nice, asking how he was every time we went in there. Coming from the east coast, this is bar none the best Chinese food in AZ.
5	I live with the pickiest eater on the face of the Earth. This place is on the list of 4 pre-approved restaurant suggestions that she gets excited about. Gary, the owner, is great. Not only does he make a mean Crab Puff, but when the World's Pickiest Eater ('cause that's what I call her in real life) left the lights on in her car and drained the battery, Gary saved the day with a rescue mission involving jumper cables. As for the food, we always get the Crab Puffs, Broccoli Chicken, and Orange Chicken. It's all consistently great. Sometimes, when we're feeling crazy, we order different stuff and it's always good too. Qwik Chinese is a solid choice anyway you go.
2	This used to be a wonderful restaurant. Excellent food, delightful service. Every meal I've had here gets worse and worse. Tonight, the service was spectacular for how horrible it was.  The egg roll had more oil than egg role
1	My wife always says, "I don't trust Yelp." So when we decided to eat Chinese on Christmas, she was skeptical when I chose this place because it had the highest rating in our vicinity. Unfortunately, my wife was right.  The fact that Yelpers gave this place 4 and 5 stars kind of calls the whole medium into question. The place is in an out of the way strip mall, which is fine. I like getting off the beaten path.  It was also relatively full, which I took as a good sign. Upon entering, the decor is pretty mediocre, not too much Chinese character. But there are televisions EVERYWHERE. And they're all on different channels! Just looking up from your food could give you schizophrenia. But at that point, we didn't have any food. And we wouldn't for a long time, because no one came to take our order for 20 minutes. Employees/family members stood around, argued with one another and wandered about aimlessly, but no one helped us. Finally, my wife got up and walked to the hostess desk. The guy there apologized, said he didn't really work there, but took our order anyway. As we sat and wondered why someone that didn't work at the restaurant took our order, a waitress that actually worked there lectured the table next to us about how they didn't order properly, thus the delay in the arrival of their meal.I turned to my wife and said, "Wow, they're having issues," at which point the father of the family in the booth next to us turned around and said, "You have no idea. You're going to be here awhile."My wife used to work in restaurants and has a degree in hotel and restaurant management, so we spent the rest of our time trying to figure out exactly what the hell was going on. We concluded that nobody in the restaurant had actually ever worked in a restaurant before. Maybe they had eaten at one a few times. I also watched Chinese tv with my left eye and an NBA game with my right eye.Eventually, our egg drop soup, hot and sour soup, crispy duck and cashew chicken came. It was mediocre.So, Yelpers, please be honest with your reviews. And can we please get a decent Chinese restaurant in Phoenix?
2	We used to come here frequently for years. But since Gary is not there anymore, the quality of the food is getting worse and worse. I called the same dish any time I went there. Sometimes it was good, sometimes it was bad, and sometimes it was pretty disappointinng. The quality of the plate depends on what they have in the kitchen.
5	The food is great here!!! And as if that weren't enough the owner is the nicest guy in the world!!!! Pork lo mein is very good. The crab puffs and the pot stickers!! Plus they deliver!!
5	Very friendly owners (family owned), very small place, great food! Try the beef Mongolian and creamcheese rangoons. They are amaze balls. Place is hidden, location could be better. But if you have a problem with that then Gary opened another location off 90th St. and Via Linda in Scottsdale.
1	Absolutely the worst customer service! My experience was terrible. I called in an order for Delivery. I had two separate orders because I was ordering for another co-worker as well. We wanted to split the cost of the crab puffs, which the owner said would not be a problem. They would also split the delivery charge to .50 on each bill. The food arrives and I notice both of us are over charged about $2.00 each. I mentioned to the driver and she did the math and said we were correct and that she will head back and adjust the charge and call back. She calls and then the owner gets on the phone. He is screaming that the cost of the crab puffs are $3.95 per person. Please help me understand how on earth you can charge $6.95 for an order of crab puffs and when you split them in half that equals $3.95 a person?!?! Lets do the math here...$6.95 divided by 2 = $3.48 (rounded up)!!!Typically I would not care this much over such a small amount of money, but these people are all about every cent, so I do NOT appreciate being over charged because you are not educated to do simple math. My bill should have been $14.87 including delivery fee plus tax and I was charged $17.61My co-workers was over charged the same amount. The owner was rude, raised his voice and had no idea how to handle a situation with an unhappy customer. He needs to learn to calm down and listen to the customer because in the end he has now lost the business of everyone here at this company who was disgusted with the treatment we received.I will be sure to report this to the BBB and any other department necessary!
5	My co-workers and I tried this place for lunch and were all very happy and satisfied. The service was very good, food arrived quickly, and it was delicious. I ordered the Mongolian beef at the suggestion of the owner taking our order, and it was very good. Egg role was very light and flakey, fresh. Everything with veggies was incredibly fresh. We are planning on going back to this place often.
5	My family has been eating here for decades. The food is simply delicious. Totally fresh and fast. Tammy is ridiculously nice. It is not just well managed but is a true extension of pride in the act of sharing food and happiness.
5	BEST Chinese food ever!  Love the people, the homemade food, the qwik special lo mein especially -this place has been in business for many years and is so amazing!
5	I have been eating at this establishment since the mid 90's when I worked just around the corner on Via De Ventura.I have brought co-workers, employees, business partners, friends and family from all over the valley to this place, and nearly every one of them has returned to enjoy what me and my family have enjoyed for several decades.The fried pot stickers are a delightful change from what all the other restaurants are doing, and they are wonderfully delicious.The Qwik Special Chinese and the Chicken Chow Mein are scrumptious. And the Mongolian Beef is spiced just right.Gary, the owner, is a wonderful host. This is a long drive for me, but it is definitely worth it.You will not be disappointed. Even the people who don't normally like Chinese food have since returned to enjoy this establishment.
2	Not bad, but not good either. I requested a lunch portion of the Orange Chicken, it is not on the menu so it is a dollar more. I did not get anything like I would consider orange chicken. It was okay tasting and a little on the cold side. I will not be back. Guess I should have known when it was empty at lunch time.
1	So we are staying at a local resort and called for a delivery. Of course they knew they were delivering to a resort maybe some plates or napkins at the very least some plastic forks ect. would have been nice. Now let's move on to the food TERRIBLE!!! No sweet and sour sauce for dipping for the egg rolls or sweet and sour chicken that was ordered. Seen on here biggest egg rolls around, panda has bigger then this crap. Pork fried rice bland. Even my 9 year old says why is there hardly any filling in the egg roll and she never complains about anything. Portions from Chinese food places are for the most part generous well not at this place. And the prices for the quality and portions is a joke. Could continue with more but think you get the picture. Don't waste your money on this place!
2	I used to like this place a lot, and was a very frequent customer.  I have become increasingly irritated with their mistakes, however, and now will not return.  They don't pack the food up properly so every time there is a huge mess to clean up with sauce everywhere.  It gets all over everything because it is not packaged in a way that prevents leakage. They frequently forget to include sauces or make mistakes by sending the incorrect item(s).  My most recent order was very different from the menu descriptions and when I called thinking they would want to bring me different dishes to make it right, they were very unaccomodating (even the owner).  They have lost a regular customer due to their poor customer service and lack of accurate menu descriptions.  Also, I am always shorted on rice. If I order two dishes, I expect to get two rice containers, not just one.  This is always frustrating, and even when I have asked for extra rice, they don't seem to include it. Isn't rice cheap?  I don't know why they are so stingy with it.
4	Consistently quality, delicious Chinese!  A customer for 20 years and never a bad meal.  Love Qwik Chinese!
2	This place is hit or miss! You roll the dice each time but I do believe it is better when Gary is at the helm!!! Gary once threw in a few potstickers I believe his mom made that were top notch!I wish they could produce that quality on a consistent basis. I would definitely be there more often.
5	Best CHINESE restaurant in Scottsdale. Gary, the owner runs the restaurant and delivers great service and even better food. Thank you!!!!
5	The chicken Lo mein was great. The owner, Gary, noticed my name when I paid and greeted me by my name when I left. This place has a very wholesome vibe and great Chinese food.
5	First time eating here tonight and definitely will be returning. Excellent customer service with very friendly staff. I asked for a recommendation on what to order and ended up getting the small order of Sizzling Rice Chicken and an egg roll. Food came out quick and was very delicious. Portion size was on point and price was reasonable. I had the 'full' feeling after eating but not the 'bloated' I need a wheelchair full. Great restaurant :)
