3	The place looks great. Definitely a really top notch look. However, my sister and I arrived early to see deadmau5 and it seemed very unorganized. This is too small a place to have such amazing and well known DJs. The dance floor is a major fail. It was way too small. My sister got hurt and actually got pushed to the ground because they're were too many people trying to move around.Yes, the bars are very nice looking, and the staff are very nice and very welcoming. Once again, I highly recommend you get a table if you want a place to sit and not get stuff on your clothes. Plenty of security guards but they allowed too many people for such a place that holds not enough people. I LOVE deadmau5, and I'm glad I saw him (which is the reason for the 3 stars) but I do hope that he goes somewhere else in Vegas.
1	The night my friends and I had at Hakkasan started off well enough with a pre-arranged table thanks to 2 friends who work in the industry.9 members of our 12 person group plus our local friends showed up initially, others waited on a friend whose flight was late. When they arrived, the club staff told them that our table was full and kept trying to say conditions to get more money out of them. Eventually, we gave up on getting them in. The club itself has an Asian ultra/postmodern aesthetic, and impressive lighting and sound. Our table servers Samantha and Vince were quite personable and did an excellent job. However, the dance floor on the main floor was on the small side in favor of having more tables that they were unable to fill on opening weekend, which probably doesn't bode well. When our bill came at the end of the night, it conveniently was an "accident[al]  " $700 higher than it was supposed to be, which we caught and paid the original previously agreed upon amount.  Well, that and a required 40% gratuity, which seemed pretty outrageous after that.
5	Oh my, it was incredible. The design, everything was literally flawless. The DJ line-up? Insane. Yes, they are experiencing some issues with overcrowding the opening week, but it will subside in time. I mean, what did everyone expect would happen when the world's largest nightclub with numerous legendary DJ's opened? This being said, I don't think anyone will ever top XS. For me, even though I haven't written a review, XS is the best nightclub in the world, an experience worth six stars in the nightlife world.
2	Ok is it me or was the hype soooo big that it didn't let me see past the weird colored booths and " grandma's house" look to them, or the tiny dance floor for a giant club or the fact that the lighting is so prominent that I couldn't get into the groove. I don't know. I really wanted to like it, design wise very cool, best billboard ever since you turned the MGM iconic lion into now a pandering street promoter ( no really I do like that part...he seemed bored before.) lines were a mess but expected, entrance was rough to navigate, I'm sure partially to blame for dinner shots at Cosmo, seemed like a good call at the time. Music was good as expected and the sound was definitely impressive! In the end I had better times in other clubs by a pretty large margin so based on fun factor I'm sorry HK ( can I call you that?) I felt like that person you have wanted to hang out with and we you actually hook up you kinda start thinking how the hell you can get out there without hurt feelings , so it's not you, it's me , your great hopefully we see each other around... Good luck.
5	Went to Hakkasan during opening weekend on 4/20 and everyone was either stoned or they've figured out a way to atomize happy vitamins and management was having Molly air pumped through the venue. Despite the fact that HS' design isn't very innovative and one of the main hallways reeked of incense (good looking out on 4/20 I guess), my first night at Hakksan was an excellent one because everyone from the staff to the patrons was unbelievably nice, to the point where it started getting creepy. Within ten minutes of getting past the horrendous line outside (one of the few downsides), the following happened:1) Every bartender at one of the bars on the EDM floor proactively introduced themselves to me (which, by the way, was only possible because they didn't pack the place to the point where it felt like I was on a train car full of refugees seeking political asylum like they do at a certain club whose name rhymes with the word 'Narquee').2) A bouncer decided to give my friends and me a mini-tour of the main entranceway and provided a detailed verbal layout of the place for us to follow.3) A random patron decided to buy my group a round of drinks just because (and I didn't wake up the next morning in the desert sans pants).4) Some big Mexican dude who resembled UFC heavyweight champ Cain Velasquez kept checking in on me to make sure I was having a good time and had enough space as I aggressively elbowed him in the back of the head every third fist pump or so (and it didn't seem like he was being sarcastic).All in all a strangely great experience. I somehow doubt they'll be able to keep this up for very many weeks but hey, enjoy it while you can.
3	EEEEEEEEE....... I've heard alot of rumours and gossip about this club... Considering that they've taken alot of XS high-profile deejays.... and we all know XS is the best club on The Strip.My work got invited to their preview night WITH OPEN BAR --- Best believe I was going to that! NEGATIVE:1st - MGM parking lot sucks. Period. Plainly because it's tight and just an accident waiting to happen in there. My friend and I walked; and walked; AND WALKED for what seemed like forevers ....in heels.... til we got to Hakka. And when we were in line, I noticed an extrance at corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Tropicana..... for all that walking we did; I swear, it would've been faster to just park at Tropicana Hotel or NYNY Hotel and cross the bridge to Hakka.2nd - The invite requested "stylish attire.."I didn't wanna waste my "clubbing" clothes to wear to preview night but, I still wore something stylish yet proFRESHional since I just left work. Lemme tell you that I saw people with t-shirts and sweats in line...like, WTF.3rd - The lines outside were madness. Hectic! Sure clubs are like that but, it's so unorganized; nobody had any clue what lines we were in. Think Pure Nightclub when it first started.Nightclub security wasn't even guiding us on where to go. Hello, we're like cattle; tell us where to go! He even let people cut the line...right in front of his face...HELLOOO, DO YOUR JOB!4th - I thought was already alot of walking from parking lot..... Get ready ladies, THERE'S ALOT OF STAIRS IN THE CLUB.... Think Tao or Marquee where you walk floor to floor.Also, because of all the room (80,000 sq ft), it's easy to get lost. No signs whatsoever. I'm surprised I came upon their hip-hop club (Ling-Ling Club,) as I thought the lounge (Ling-Ling Lounge) next to it was the club itself.5th - After coming here, I've come to the realization that I like clubs with an "outdoor" option...as it has an open floor plan... You would think with it's prime location on the corner of MGM that there would be a view of The Strip/Las Vegas Blvd/Tropicana.This place just seems so enclosed... Think Haze Nightclub.POSITIVE:1. The Ling Ling Room will be sick with it's hip hop music. Can't wait to see DJ Vice bless that space. Much larger space than Marquee and Tao's hip hop rooms.2. I like how the "table service" seems to be replaced with "booth service." Yes, tables are now booths in the main room so seem kinda grand and more private. Oddly enough.3. I admire how they set up the main room like "stadium seating." They definately thought about making the deejay the star and gives it a sense of being at a concert. I, especially, like the tables/booths on the top floor overlooking the main room. I'd love to have a table up there.4. All the hottest deejays will be here so, that already has it going for it - Tiesto, Deadmau5, Steve Aoki. They're going hard in the paint with the music. 5. They have a restaurant to visit. I've seen yummy pics on Instagram as they have restaurants in SF and Miami. My roomate, who is a chef there, said Hakkasan is the highest rating one can get on the Michelin scale. That sounds legit. Can't wait to samps!First impressions are "it's whatevs!" BUT, I know I'll be back again; and again; and again....as it's the new hot spot in town...Lets see how my updated review will read ;p lolol
2	Went there on opening weekend on Saturday.1.  A billion stair-steps everywhere.  I had fun watching drunk girls trip and fall all over the place.  TROLOLOLOL, loads of laughter.  Someone is going to fall and die and they will get sued and eventually shut down.  You would think being built by Asians, this place would have better engineered walk-ways and lighted staircases, but NOPE.  Instead they hire a bouncer to hold a flashlight to shine each and every staircase.  Kids, this is why you go to college.2.  Do we really need an Asian themed club?  AS IF THERE AREN"T ENOUGH ASIANS IN VEGAS CLUBS.  Yeah I said it, I'm Asian too, UMAD?  Can we have some diversity?  This way, we won't scare all the White girls and Hispanic girls, you know, the ones actually capable of flirting and talking to strangers instead of the circle jerk AZNs.3.  No outside patio!!  Some times I just want to connect with a smart girl and stare at her big, beautiful eyes, and tell her my awesome stories instead of just getting bumped by Rotunda and have armpit sweat slapped on my face.  Can't beat XS' outdoor patio.4.  They don't give out tap water!  The bottle water is 9$!  I didn't come here to drink and get stupid, I came here to flirt, and being the stingy Asian that I am, I think 9$ for water is a really bad deal.  My six pack requires a lot of babysitting and no thanks alcohol.  Asian girls: don't ask me to buy you a drink or if I have a table... especially those of you coming from LA.  It makes you sound really classless and ghetto.  You're not a princess and you're not entitled to free things.  Mommy spoiled you too much.If you're a nerdy Asian guy who is tired of being BETA and put in the FRIEND ZONE by your rude bitchy Asian female friends and you want to be alpha, aesthetic, and learn how to pick up girls in Vegas or anywhere for that matter, hit me up.  Here is a video of me in Vegas.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_4X-Yzs7bU
1	My friend got comped a $4k table next to the dj, which you think would be amazing. All he had to pay was the gratuity. Be prepared to pay all these set fees from hakkasan. After taxes and all the set fees, it adds up to 40% of fees on top of the $4k . I thought service fees are included in gratuity, in our case it was an additional fee on top. Gratuity was an automatic 22%. Anyhow that wasn't the only issue. Our servers kept spilling our drinks in the shaker and taking them away when there was still alcohol in it. They kept pouring nonstop that we had to put it on top of the couch. Which they proceeded to toss away when we weren't looking. Who does that!!?? The only people who was nice was the security inside the venue. Sorry hakkasan but the only thing you have going was the music. I would never come back unless I am forced to. XS still has the best venue.
1	Total let down. Anticipated this club for over a year and just another over-hyped waste of time and money. Decor sucks, design sucks, service is terrible.  You're better off sitting at the bar 10 feet away from the poorly designed entrance and buying a table there.  The club is located in the furthest possible spot from the valet and parking garage. It takes 5 minutes to walk to the club after the valet makes you give them $40 to park your and they tell you it's hotel guests only even though its empty. Too many great clubs in this city to settle for this mediocre flop.
5	I LOVE THIS CLUB! ONE OF THE BEST CLUBS IN VEGAS NEXT TO XS!PROS1. LOVE ALL THE DETAILS! They don't have your ordinary "go go dancers", they have these awesome costumed dancers who make the artsy modern atmosphere even better! Made me feel I was watching KA. I like that before Bingo Players began, they had a dragon intro on the screen, which made it feel as if I was at a concert. They gave out SO many of the light sticks so it was so festive the day we went on Sat 4/20! Also, they had blow up monkey dolls floating on the main dancers - this made it feel so Spring Break! I had a blast that night!2. THE DANCE FLOOR IS BIG ENOUGH! For those who are complaining about the dance floor being too small - uh which clubs are you comparing it to?! HELLO! It surely is bigger than Marquee and XS's main room! 3. THEY HAVE ELEVATORS! For those complaining about the many stairs- shut up already and find yourself an elevator! Get over it.4. SOUND SYSTEM AND LIGHTING IS AMAZING/SPECTACULAR/AWESOME! What else is there to say? The best in Vegas!5. ROOM TEMPERATURE WAS PERFECT! For a club that is all indoor, it was not super hot at all! They kept blasting the AC and all dancers loved it!6. NOT SUPER PACKED/CROWDED! Compared to Marquee, which is one of the clubs I extremely hate going because it gets so packed that you can't even dance, this club was so spacious, we were able to dance@7. PRE SALE! PRE SALE! PRE SALE! We got in just fine and dandy! No trouble so I suggest getting pre-sale tickets because it's way cheaper than getting it at the front!8. SUPERB CUSTOMER SERVICE! All the staffs and bouncers were SO nice! One of the girl host asked if we wanted to take pics and bouncers kindly let us know to throw our drinks out the trash before coming in. It's these little things that make this club awesome!CONS1. They don't provide tap water. Water costed $9 for us! That was horrible! So be mindful of that before you go in.2. The entrance from the club is not so fun! It was kind of quiet the walk. I'm comparing this to Marquee and XS, which is close to entrance door (sort of).
4	The club is a good size, incredible sound in the main room and I agree with other reviews that the staff from bartenders to bouncers were very friendly with no attitude. Waiting in the general admin line kind of sucked because they did not letting anyone in from that line till at least 10:30pm. Oh and yeah the $75 cover is steep but you can win that back on the tables after the club if you are inclined. Overall great experience for preview weekend (bingo players). Be prepared to shell out some major coin once you get in if you don't partake in what those crazy kids are doing these days. Water $9, redbull $9 , Bicardi coke $14. in the end it was worth it and as long as I don't ship my $ at the tables I'd go again.
1	Hakkasan=Major dissappointment!  Came here Grand Opening night with Deadmau5 headlining.  Bought tickets ahead of time so was in a shorter line...waited maybe 5-10 min.  With all the competition, I have to admit that Hakkasan doesn't even measure up to Marquee, XS or Surrender.  I was so curious and hopeful that Hakkasan would be another great club.  Not this time. Negatives:-There was no re-entry like all the other clubs offer-There was no tapwater at the bars-No outdoor patio area -The layout was too enclosed and there were too many sets of stairs-Dancefloor in the Ling Ling Room was quite small-The crowd as a whole isn't as attractive as the crowds at XS/Marquee-Another Asian themed club in terms of decor.  There was nothing innovative, nothing new, nothing to really talk aboutIt really was dissapointing that there wasn't an outdoor area.  I mean come on!  I think that's one of the best parts of XS, Surrender and Marquee.  With the warm weather coming around, the option to hang out outside would have been a considerate addition.  Sadly, there's nothing special about Hakkasan.  The only good thing about it is that they have good DJ residencies but really, don't waste your time or money coming here.
1	For all the hype this place is getting, this place is TERRIBLE!!! Decor was ugly, music was subpar, no one was dancing, including the terribly dressed go-go dancers (It's pretty bad when even the hired dancers won't dance).The worst part of Hakkasan is their clientele. This is definitely the opposite of an upscale club. Picture drunk, botox-filled, late 40 somethings, mixed with dirty cowboys, mixed with girls who couldn't get into hotter clubs. I went there with 6 good-looking girls and we left this dump for XS within 30 mins of arrival and had the most epic night. As we walked out of the Hakkasan, a bouncer actally told us that we hurt his feelings because we were leaving already. Word of advice: Save your time and sexy outfit. Any club housed in a 5 star hotel on the strip will be a better choice than this one.
4	My friends and I were ecstatic that Hakkasan's grand opening weekend landed on the same date as our trip! Hakkasan announced their resident DJs lineup which includes: Tiesto, Deadmau5, Calvin Harris, Dada Life, Hardwell, and of course my favorite Laidback Luke, to name a few...Tables/bottle service for Hakkasan is INSANE! We were quoted 6g's in their hip hop room and 8 - 10g's in their main room. NO THANKS!... With that ridiculous price range, we initially noticed that about 90% of the tables/bottle service booths were EMPTY! Anyway, GA admission for guys was about $60 and I believe it was $30 for girls! We arrived to the club early since it was their grand opening weekend and didn't wanna deal with long lines! This night club is HUGE! I thought it was only 3 floors, but we were told by one of their bouncers that it was actually 5 floors! They have elevators that are pretty organized that will take you to each floor if you wanna avoid the endless stairs *AHEM MARQUEE*The club itself is pretty nice! Their dance floor for each rooms were a bit small compared to XS/Marquee, since they filled each room with so many bottle service tables/booths (THAT WERE SADLY EMPTY, LOL). But it was still easy to navigate your way in and out of the dance floor!With that said, I'll give kudos to Hakkasan for their lightings, visuals, sound system, and stage setups! They have an amazing lineup of big name DJ's that will for sure attract the crowd! I wouldn't say this club tops XS (which is still my favorite club on the strip), but this is definitely better than Marquee since they actually have elevators!!! I get the image Hakkasan is trying to go for, but they are insane to be charging people 6 - 10 grand for a table, specially with all the other clubs on the strip like XS! Oh and a small bottle of fiji water is $9. And don't even ask for tap water, they don't F@%K with tap, lol WOWZA!4/5 stars since everyone in our group had fun. Thank you Hardwell!
5	Was there last week for Hardwell amazing night ... Overall good experience. Only downfall all the stairs. For all the people complaining about drink prices stop being cheap Vegas isn't for people on a budget if you're too broke then don't go out!! See you April 26th for Deadmau5
3	Overhyped in my opinion. I understand this part of the strip has been pretty dead and they've been trying to bring some life back into this part of town but they could have spent a bit more time looking at other clubs and seeing how they could have one upped them. Went pre-opening weekend to see Hardwell and it was awesome. Lights and sound were awesome along with the endless amount of confetti. That air thingy though sucks. I mean I can barely feel it.Went a bit early to get in and that took forever. I mean it was SLOW and after I went in, it was still empty. Stairs weren't was bad as Marquee but dark enough for a drunk person to eat it. Dance floors are a bit bigger which is nice. Did I mention there's a large abundance of restrooms?I'll be back depending on DJ and because of my friends but this place lacked a lot of things such as an open area to sit down. I mean other clubs offer crappy seating but at least that's something instead of nothing. Tables aren't really going to cut it especially when you can't even sell out all the tables. Oh did I mention drinks are bit pricier here?
3	Lines are crazy but I'm thinking its probably because its brand new. The space is nice and the resident DJ lineup is great. They still seem to be figuring out how to manage the herds of people that they let in but it just opened so they're forgiven for now. The guest list line is awkwardly located and you need to go around the other side to find it.If its crowded its hard to find an area with a decent view or a decent space. All of the areas available to stand in wind up being right in the path of people walking around so your options are either stand somewhere and got knocked into or just keep walking laps around the place. My main issue here was the weird layout and stairs everywhere. You can take elevators from floor to floor but there's a lot of sets of 2-4 steps up or down seemingly randomly located all around the main room and it seems that some of the job's of the bouncers is just to shine flashlights on them so people see them. Girls, don't even wear heels its not even worth it your feet will kill you the next day from hiking all those stairs all night and it will probably be so crowded there no one will even notice you're in flats. It would have been 4 stars if not for the random stair situations.
5	This club is just BEAUTIFUL.  Every room and level is perfectly done.  Even though first weekend was a little hectic, EVERY CLUB in Vegas didn't have a smooth road opening.  I believe Hakksan did a great job opening.  Favorite room is the Ling Ling Lounge!Just read one of the reviews for Hakksan.. Who the heck asks for tap water at a bar inside a club in Vegas?!
3	Okay, I'm being nice because I was ABOUT to rank this 2 stars, but there are some things that this club does well....and then there are things that just don't. work. 1. Hey ladies, you know those stairs we all HATE at Marquee? THEY'RE BAAAAACCCKKK. Yup. A billion stairwells, leading to all kinds of rooms, making leaving the club extremely difficult.  Well, props to you Hakkasan, for making us stay inside because we can't find/don't want to climb our way out. 2. Lines are ridiculous. That's it. Nothing to say much more other than get here at like 9 PM to avoid any such long winding lines that make you wonder where the club is or how to get in.3. Some of these promoters are downright RUDE.  Now, I'm not one to complain that much, especially because I'm sure they have rough nights ... but I was sent back and forth about 3 times before I finally found a promoter that listened, helped, and got us in.  THANK YOU, MR. NICE GUY.  You definitely made it all worth it. And after all that ranting, Hakkasan is about one step higher than Marquee.  It's bigger and its DJ line up is insane and the lights are pretty darn cool AND there are more bars, but like other reviewers have pointed out: this is overhyped. I totally understand that new clubs need to get into the groove of things and I have no doubt that this place will be the next NEW place to go to, but there are way too many things this club needs to work on and fix - because if it ends up being like Marquee ... you'll see all of us at XS.I still have high hopes that maybe this club will make me update my review and make me love it, but for now ... it was kinda a big letdown for such hype it created :/ BUT, hey. It's a change of scenery and it's got good DJs...so you'll catch me here :) P.S. GUYS, tickets always sell out fast ... then they re-release. So don't get discouraged if it says tickets are sold out about 2 weeks before - they've been selling out and re-releasing tickets for all the past and upcoming shows. So just be quick and don't panic :)
4	All I gotta say is that this is my NEW FAVE nightclub in Vegas!!Went on the Saturday of opening weekend and the lines weren't too bad since me and my group of girls were directed to get there early (early as in like 10/1030) by our promoter/host Kevin. There are 4 levels in the club, but you don't count the 1st floor.The second floor is the hip/hop room with a dancefloor in the middle, tables for bottle service on each side, along with a full bar on each end of the room. QuestLove DJ'd that night and it was pretty siiiiiiick.The third floor is the main floor... meaning whoever is headlining that night (which ours was Bingo Players) that's where they do their set and get that 'unz unz unz' music! The fourth floor is where they have a lil lounge area with more chill music and more seating for ONLY bottle service, and more tables surrounding the balcony-like area overlooking the 3rd floor.I had so much fun here, and I would totally recommend everyone to come check it out.I gave this place a 4 star though because there is NO outside area... and little to NO places to sit.
2	I haven't been this disappointed since I found out that Santa Claus wasn't real.Hakkasan is a lackluster combination of Tao and Marquee's Godawful stairs...except there are more stairs and passageways in this labyrinth of a club. If you've ever clubbed at the Grand in SF, then the you should be familiar with the circular lay out. It's almost the same (referring to the EDM side only) except with an extra floor or so. They do have plenty of bars spread around so that in itself gets a star. Speaking of that, after i bought a drink from the bar on the right corner, I turned my head to see a what seemed like a 200+ lb black guy swapping mad spit with a skinny little white guy and grabbing each others...ugh wtf!! Almost yacked in my drink...I want my money back for mental scarring! I'm jk but seriously no one should see that. Another weird incident happened shortly after, we went down to the hip hop room and I got randomly attacked by someone who looks and talks like Steve Smith from American Dad. He came at me mumbling God knows what and I had to push him away 2 times before he turned around and started chasing 2 girls that just happened to walk by. Seriously, what kind of people are coming here!? Wtf!Besides that nothing else really stood out (except seeing the people next to us rolling balls which was hella funny), the Vegas night club vibe wasn't there, and it just seemed like an expensive rendition of a Chinese karaoke spot with famous EDM artists playing in the center of the room. Dance floor is tiny so forget trying to get close to the "stage". Maybe I'm being harsh (it's only been open for 2 weeks) but XS, Marquee, and Surrender is still better IMHO. I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon or if ever.
5	This is one of the best nightclubs I've seen in a very long time.  They did a great job with the design of the club, especially the light and sound.  We were there on 4/26 to see Deadmau5.  We reserved a booth on the 2nd floor overlooking the main room...it was amazing!  The laser/light show was perfectly suited for the music and done very well.  From our vantage point, it was exceptional.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-night-club-las-vegas?select=PbJCoYtRwa-BHFOatI8CnQ#PbJCoYtRwa-BHFOatI8CnQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-night-club-las-vegas?select=jRPS0hDzWjGVfmbPHsSPWA#jRPS0hDzWjGVfmbPHsSPWAWe setup the booth well in advance and it was easy for us to get in.  It's a mega-nightclub in Vegas, you have to expect to wait if you don't have things setup in advance....it cracks me up to read the reviews complaining about the lines, etc.The bottles were reasonable....Magnum of Patron & Goose for $950.  Our VIP server was very accommodating and attentive, keeping our mixers full and replenishing our bottles when they emptied.  We had 16+ people in our booth, so the alcohol was being consumed pretty fast.  I have no idea what the final damage was for the evening....well over $5000.Now for the music....Deadmau5 was simply amazing.  He came on around 1 am and tore it up.  There wasn't a bad spot in the club....the club is engineered well and the bass/highs/mids were perfect throughout.  I didn't want the night to end, it was that good.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-night-club-las-vegas?select=xfz96V7lzRzWXE4wzk9Tqg#xfz96V7lzRzWXE4wzk9Tqghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-night-club-las-vegas?select=GPf9-lJThUsatjt38jNOFA#GPf9-lJThUsatjt38jNOFA1 level below the main floor, there's a Hip Hop lounge and a Hip Hop room.  We did wander there for a little while to check it out before Deadmau5 came on.  The lounge was dead....only 5 or 6 people there.  That was strange....I bet they change the format of the music within a week or two.  The main Hip Hop room was jammed packed.  It too was well engineered for sound and lights.  I like how they put it in the center of the room and there's a walkway that goes around the perimeter...it makes for easy people watching and access to the main floor.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-night-club-las-vegas?select=hwrokLedZcWP7zV_Zid10w#hwrokLedZcWP7zV_Zid10wOverall, I rate this place 5 Stars and can't wait to come back as long as they continue to have great DJ's.Tip:  Don't park at the MGM Grand.  It's 1000x easier to park at the Tropicana Hotel valet and walk over....seriously.Return Factor - 100%
4	Went here with some friends to see Calvin Harris.  I'm not really into clubs so I had no clue what Hakkasan was or who Calvin Harris was.  No table or bottle service.My buddy bought presale tickets so were in line for less than 20 minutes.  I agree with the other reviewers when the say that if you don't have you stuff together ahead of time, expect a long wait.  It's unreasonable to roll up to general admission at one of the newest clubs in Vegas and not expect to wait a long time.The club itself was dark, cavernous, and full of stairwells.  I got lost a couple of times, but overall the club was pretty pleasing to the eye.  If you're not good with stairs, I don't recommend this place for you.Calvin Harris started at 1AM till I have no idea when.  I left at 2:30 so I'm going to assume that he did his thing till 4.  The DJ booth is elevated over the main stage with a balcony type thing above it.  DUring parts of his set, dancers would come out and do some crazy cirque du soleil shit.  Overall I was pretty entertained for 4 hours.  I still have a ringing in right ear though.The crowd is fairly diverse, but probably leans to the more affluent, douchier demographic.  When Calvin Harris was on the turn tables, everyone was into the music and the energy was high, so that was a pus.Read this review with some bias since I have very little to compare it to.  If you're a club aficionado, I apologize for not being a 23 year old chicken head.
3	It's a huge nightclub with a lot of space, but of course they made the dance floor super small. The lights on the dance floor are nice. Like most have said, there are stairs everywhere. Even though there's a bouncer with a flashlight, it's still pretty brutal, especially at the end of the night. At least there's an elevator that takes you directly out to the exit. I don't see this as the best club in Vegas, as I prefer one with some outdoor air to breathe.
1	I went to the grand opening. We went in a really large group, paid for all drinks in cash and I only charged one $30 transaction. However, when I looked at my credit card statements there were two more charges on my card adding up to $150. Our group tipped them very well, and all in cash. Horrible experience and also got charged 2 times for drinks transactions that I didn't even get to enjoy. I would never recommend this place to a friend and would never set foot in here again. Very unethical services!
2	Came here for Calvin Harris on 4/27.  I purchased my ticket online so luckily for me, the wait was maybe 20-30 min to get in. Not too bad for their third opening night.  This place has potential, but I probably won't be back any time soon. It's an overall cool looking venue ... but reminds me a lot of Marquee in the sense that it's not very people/dancer friendly.  I still prefer XS to here... nothing compares to the openness of XS.For starters, this venue has a million and one too many stairs. To get to the main floor, you have to go up three flights of stairs. Then once on the main floor, there are steps all throughout the main floor.  I can totally see someone eating it pretty hard on the stairs.  Heck, I wouldn't be surprised if I ate it while sober! It's just so dark and packed that it's really easy to trip on a step.  This place was packed when I went and probably had a female to male ration of 10:1.  Great if I were a guy or into chicks, but I'm not, so that sucked too.  I understand that it's opening weekend and it was apparently a star-studded event (GQ launch party or something), but it was just too packed with no room to dance on the dance floor (which they closed off bc it got too crowded) or in the random pockets of spaces.  My friends either got shooed off by security or got pushed and shoved by the others trying to pass through. We called it a night at 1:30 before Calvin Harris even came on because it was just too annoying to deal with.  This place is also definitely tailored to bottle service. There are tables EVERYWHERE. Great if you're baller status and can actually afford a table, but I'm not, and so that sucks for me. Pros: PLENTY of restrooms. There's a hip hop room and an upstairs bar area (but again, another flight of stairs... and MORE tables... and the sound isn't as great up there).Overall impression was it's a cool place, but overhyped. I'd go again when the hype dies wayyy down.
2	I've had the chance to visit Hakkasan and XS this past weekend and let me tell you that XS completely blows it out of the water on almost every level.  Sure Hakkasan has exclusive contracts with deadmau5, tiesto, and calvin harris but XS' 2013 residency lineup is nothing to scoff at: Porter Robinson, Knife Party, Avicii, Steve Angello, Eric Prydz, Afrojack, etc.   But an amazing club experience from a consumer's standpoint is more than just who comes on the decks at 1:30AM.  There are a plethora of factors, both tangible and intangible, that these new clubs neglect that ultimately leads me to the conclusion that XS remains the best club in Las Vegas over Hakkasan and Marquee.  Here are a few reasons:1) Hakkasan should be renamed Hakkastairs due to the massive amount of stairs that you cannot avoid and you MUST take to even get into the main dance floor.  This is also a major problem with Marquee's presale line as you HAVE to walk up like 10 flights of stairs to get to the main dance floor.  Have fun with that in your 5 inch heels ladies.2) No outdoor patio area?!?!  Is this real life?  No pool? What is this 2006?3) No gambling section?!?  No water fountain??  No I don't want to pay 9 dollars for your bottle of water.  And give me the option to play blackjack and lose $1000 but at least I get a couple free drinks.4) With XS and Marquee, when you have a presale ticket, you never have to wait more than 10-15 minutes.   Hakkasan's presale line took approximately 1 hour. 5) No re-entry stamps at Hakkasan....seriously?  But what if its just me and a couple of my guy friends and we get there at 9:00PM just to get stamps with the intention of coming back at a more reasonable Vegas club time at 11:30ish?  6) Hakkasan was such a letdown that my friends and I left before the headliner even came on.  Hakkasan is like a nicer marquee (inside only as there is no outside to hakkasan).  To Hakkasan's credit, they have a very spacious dance floor and their production value of their lights and lazers is unmatched but a club experience is more than that and XS beats Hakkasan down badly when it comes to every other relevant factor7) I've heard that Hakkasan charges 43% on top of your table minimum... Now I see how they are paying abnormally above market prices for deadmau5, tiesto, and calvin harris.  This is absurd.Unfortunately the hype for Hakkasan was too big since it was supposed to be the XS killer but just like Marquee, they both fall very short of the top tier in which XS stands alone.Now we get to see Light take its shot on Memorial Weekend.TLDR; Hakkasan was overhyped and I was very underwhelmed.  XS remains the best nightclub hands down for a variety of factors.
2	When going to Hakkasan expect  Hakkastairs = Hakka sucks...There are a billion stairs and dark alleys, the place is a massive cave in MGMHakkasan have created the longest and slowest line, which is the line of doom...even if you have a vip table you have to wait.For some reason, the only way in is a elevator, its like an LA traffic jam...Next we have the stairs of doom.....Hakkasan is hakka sucks....wait tell the hypeis over to check it out, it ain't worth it...Try light at Mandalay bay or XS
1	small, stairs, sucks
4	Well, it's definitely better than what it replaced.. Studio 54. That place was the opposite of upscale.Calvin Harris DJ'd Saturday. He did fine. I was kind of disappointed to miss Steve Aoki on Thursday and Deadma5 on Friday. You would think Saturday would be the prime time night. Oh well, I hear Tiesto is going to be their resident DJ. Great sound system and light show... actually probably the best light show I've seen in any Vegas nightclub (yes, including XS, Marquee, Tao, Tryst, Lavo, Surrender & Pure).I don't know about the wait normally but at 10:30 p.m. (when we arrived), we were ushered right in (no wait at-all). However, it's probably notable that we had two booths, 6+ magnum bottles of Ciroc berry, plus 2/3 of our 12+ party were thin gals in their early twenties wearing short dresses and heels. I heard that, around midnight, they were telling guys waiting in line (who did not have reservations or pre-sale tickets), that admission would be $200. This could have just been Hakkasan's way of telling people that they were not getting in.Hakkasan was *packed* (which I like) but then this was their grand opening weekend, so we'll see if stays packed and relevant after some time has passed and the novelty has worn-off.
2	My friends and I went came here during opening weekend (4/28, Laidback Luke).  I'll give credit where credit is due - the light show/lasers in the main room are production heavy and give Hakkasan some credibility.   Also, the DJ in the hip hop room was on point last night, throwing down hit after hit!  You could tell the crowd was really into it (and even some of the bouncers couldn't stop dancing).  Cons:- Ladies, the elevators are reserved for bottle service patrons only.  This means you'll have to walk up four flights of stairs to get to the main level, and walk back down four flights of stairs to exit.  ***TAKE NOTE:  I made a comment to the bouncer at the elevator that making girls in 5 inch heels walk so many stairs to get out is not the business, and, I kid you not, he told me "WEAR FLATS NEXT TIME".  Are you for real??   I've told this story at least 10x in the past 12 hours and you can bet I'll keep telling it until your employees learn to show some class.- I didn't buy any drinks last night but my guy friends did.  Expect to pay $18.50 for a Redbull Vodka.- This club is probably 20% walk way/dance foor, 30% stairs, and 50% tables.  Everywhere you look, there are tables upon tables.  I get this is the kind of clientele you're trying to attract, but frankly I found it to be total overkill, especially since so many of the tables went empty.I had an 8am flight to catch this morning and initially, I was bummed I'd have to leave early to catch some sleep.  Then I actually experienced the club first-hand and was quite grateful to have an excuse to leave well before Laidback Luke even got on.  My friends didn't have the same early-flight excuse but left shortly after I did.Hakkasan definitely has some big issues to work out.  Until then, I'll stick to XS and Marquee!
5	Wow. Based on the first 30-ish reviews, haters really are gonna hate, aren't they?Came on Saturday (4/27) of Hakkasan's opening weekend. This place is seriously amazing for so many reasons:1. Girl/guy ratio was probably 10:1. Basically, it was a club full of girls, and then a small minority of guys who could afford to be there. Awesome.2. Such a pro staff. Showed up with my wife at 10pm. No reservation. No ticket. Line at least 700 deep that I just wasn't going to deal with. Bless you, Drew, who referred me to Dave, who handled the situation like a vet. 2 line-jump passes later and we were in the door. 3. The interior is awesome. Three different levels. A separate room for hip hop (Pharrell was celebrating his bday there). An incredible light show throughout.4. The bottle service booths and couches were well monitored and looked super comfy and plush. Calvin Harris and Tiesto came on. J. Lo and her Kevin Federline dude were on stage. Overall, this was one of the best clubs I've ever been to. And I've been to many.Regarding some of the other comments I've read:1. Yes, there are alot of stairs. And I saw at least six girls go tumbling down them. Well, it is what it is. Don't wear the 5 inch heels if you can't walk in them.2. Is it pricey? Yes. You know what? Deal with it. Or don't. But don't come expecting to get a Ferrari but only pay for a Ford. That's on you, not the club.3. I agree that they let a few too many people in. The dance floor got suffocatingly packed and it was hard to actually dance.But overall, a great vibe, a pro staff, and a really killer layout and design.I will be back, Hakkasan. I will definitely be back!
2	I'm going to make this CON first as every lady should be aware of this:5. Beauty is in the eye of some DB promoter(s) at Hakkasan - This is the CON to ruin Hakkasan. Whilst in line, I assisted some girls in taking a photo of their group because front facing shots are no bueno a majority of the time. Then I overheard one of them say they had to send it to their promoter. Um all right. Odd. Then I saw another girl send a full length picture that she took of herself in her room to a promoter. Light bulb! Turned to my friend and said, "If we have to send our pictures to our guy so we can get in, we are getting the hell out of this line because that's not cool."  Fortunately, we did not. Hurray for upstanding promoter even though he misspoke about girls getting in free (see Meh category)!My suspicions were confirmed when I got back home when I had lunch with a friend who told me his friend was in Vegas  with a group of girls the same weekend and had wanted to go to Hakkasan. They got in contact with a promoter who required her to send a picture of their group to him/her. All of the girls in their group passed but one did not make the list. So they opted not to go.I have dealt with multiple promoters (Marquee, XS, Tao...) but I have NEVER once had to send my picture to them. Nor should you have to! If the promoter wants to refuse service, they have every right to do so based on lack of ratio of boys vs girls, untimely guest list request, etc but to have to send a photo?! And they better not put out some PR BS about how they need to confirm the guest with a photo because that's what you check IDs for at the door! Plus, who knows what that skeevy promoter will end up doing with your photo! Ladies, find a nice promoter who does not require this. Hakkasan, get your promoters in check!Pros:1. MUY GRANDE- We covered three floors. The Pavilion has 2 floors and plays EDM: main stage and upper deck. The Ling Ling lounge is hip hop. Ceilings are high in both rooms so you don't feel too suffocated. Remaining 2 floors that were unseen are most likely for high rollers.2. Bars galore - did not have a problem getting to a bar and getting a drink. Drink prices pretty standard for vegas. $15 for a shot of pat-ron.3. With great space, comes great bathrooms - smart on the designers' part. Line for women's restroom minimal but I had better bathroom attendant experience at XS and Marquee. 4. Got Ladies?  Pro for the Bro- I have always felt clubs had more girls than guys for obvious reason (we get in free) but there was an abnormally excess amount of women. Pickin's will be slim for she who goes to pick up a fellow. 5. Elevator, what art thou? - We both got to enjoy a ride down the elevator when we exited the club. Other ladies were able to go upstairs via the elevator. A lot of the reviews on Yelp contradict this. Maybe we got lucky? But completely saved us from a grueling walk down like the one at Marquee. 6. Music - both rooms: thumbs upMeh1. Free for the ladies? Yes. SIKE! - Waited 1.5 hours in the ladies only gl line to have to pay $20 at the door. Oh fine. Opening weekend. Ok. The price was at least $10 reduced from the price of presale which was $30 for girls. So I'm only pseudo-complaining.Cons1. So maany stairs - yeah there are lots to cover if you don't get lucky with the bouncer manning the elevators. And I gather most were not lucky.2. No outdoor patio - I enjoy this aspect of XS and Marquee just because it makes the club feel more open. Sure, high ceilings make Hakkasan feel less claustrophobic but constructing an outdoor patio would have been a good idea. Perhaps there is one for the pool section of the club? We never came to this part.3. Boy, is you a high roller, know a high roller, or a money-wise guy? - For the FEW guys that ladies will meet, they will either have been wise enough to purchase pre-sale tickets for about $75 or they'll have spent a lot of time in the casino to garner the Platinum status with MGM or you know a high roller and can ride in on his/her coat tails . Or if you're a social butterfly you'll have gathered enough friends to live the Hakkasan dream of getting a table for $2G+. There is absolutely no gl for guys. Don't know if it's true, but guy's admission was $500 at the door but we were told by our promoter that it would have at least been $100+ at the door for men. Whomp whomp. 4. Where can I get my dance on? - Hakkasan's architecture is definitely catered to the table experience.
5	The thing that I love about Hakkasan is that they were very thoughtful in their table placement and size.  I would say there aren't many tables that can be pinned as "awful" in this space, and as an independent VIP host, that's important.  My client who may be doing a low minimum will be satisfied with his table even though he's not sitting on the dancefloor table because all of the tables are great.  The rooms are beautiful and the design is top notch.  I personally love this venue.
2	Before we even got inside:Came here opening weekend (4/27/13) to see Calvin Harris. My group was 5 girls total and we were on a guestlist and were told that our entry would be free. We arrived around 10:15 and pointed to the guestlist line which was so long it was out the door and around the corner of the hotel outside. My group waited a total of 2.5 hours to get inside and once we did we were told at the payment windows that they had "just changed the rules for the guestlist a few minutes ago" and now it was $20 for girls and $200 for guys. Are you kidding me? I know it was opening weekend and they were busy, but trying to milk it the way they did was ridiculous.The only reason I'm giving the extra star is for the awesome female host (I wish I could remember her name, she was blonde and had her hair in a top-bun) that was understanding of our situation and helped us out by giving us a different guestlist entry slip that allowed us to all get in free like we were supposed to originally. She was incredibly nice to do that for us and was one of the few kind staff members we encountered in Vegas all weekend.Inside:We walked inside right as Calvin Harris started his set and tried to make our way to the dance floor. The place was so packed that they had blocked off the dance floor so that no one else was allowed in. Whatever, that happens with popular DJs, but there was literally NO WHERE else to stand. Anywhere we stopped, we were motioned by bouncers to keep moving.We decided to try going upstairs to the upper level to see if we had more luck up there so we went to the elevators to go up and were told that the elevators were for "VIP use only". Wtf? Okay, so after about 10 minutes, we locate where the stairs are and go up. It was considerably more roomy up there, but there were so many tables (most of them empty) that there was NO WHERE to stand to see the stage. Once more people started making their way up there, we were again told that we couldn't stand behind the bottle service tables. We ended up doing laps around the club! It was ridiculous!All in all we probably only spent 30 minutes there because we were so miserable. Not even Calvin Harris's great set could keep us there longer. Maybe in a few weeks when the hype dies down and there isn't so many people it might be better, but it did not leave a good first impression and getting my friends to ever go back is going to be impossible.Pros: Not many. Good DJ's and the one great staff member we spoke to.Cons: Too many stairs, horrible use of space, way too many bottle service tables (most of which were not even in use) allowing no where to stand if you didn't drop 10k on a table, skeezy practices when it came to charging people who were told they were getting in free, etc, etc. I will most likely not be going back any time soon.
4	It's actually not a bad venue but the hype is half-true in my opinion. Here are the pros and cons (that are probably similar to what other yelpers have posted here):Pros- Awesome DJ lineup if you're really into the EDM crowd- Expect celebrities walking in and out of this crowd because it's the new hot spot to be at in Vegas- Security is strict, but fair. We didn't have a table but the security didn't really mind that there was an empty table that we sat at and they gave up opportunities to stand by the balcony even though we weren't supposed to be there. Much appreciated!- Bathrooms are huge and clean- Multiple floors of different genres - I enjoyed the main stage and the hip hop room. Apparently there is a pavilion that I didn't even find out aboutCons- Stairs so it isn't friendly for those who were wearing heels, however, there is an elevator but it is usually pretty packed- Expect are really large entry fee if you didn't buy pre-sale tickets and GL is pretty long- Drinks are expensive but that is expected of Vegas clubs
1	HORRIBLE, stairs galore! . WORST club set up ever!!! And forget about mingling with others it is pitch dark  and if you don't have a table you are screwed bc there are no real dance floors. It's like you have a table or you are walking around the entire time bc you can't block walk way. Also whoever is managing the door people is horrible they had a hater girl managing the guestlist girl line that would not let any of the girls in unless they were paying $$$$$. Right when my friends and I were about to leave (all good looking girls) we told one of the marketing guys and he walked us right in. P.S. Don't put a plain hater girl to manage the girl line. XS, Tao . . . pretty much any other Vegas club is better than this. After being there 45 minutes we went to Tao and didn't even have to wait in line & they gave us a table.
1	Crowded, Overpriced, Snobby people. Complete waste of time, energy and money.
2	My girls and I came here on Friday night to see Deadmau5. Thanks to our promoter it was relatively easy to get in. BUT once inside it was a mess. We started up 5 flights of stairs to get to the main floor, once here it was so crowded we could barely get to the bar. Now I'm not cheap or anything but a jagger/redbull cost me $21!! Needless to say that would be my last drink. Because it was so crowded we lost 4 of our friends pretty quickly. Here's my biggest gripe...stairs! stairs everywhere. You can't even look at people cause your eyes are focused on the ground. I saw a couple of guys trip on them. The next night we went to XS (my fav club in vegas) and had a much better time.
5	Love this place.The hugeness of it and how there are different levels so you can see the DJ and crowd from above.Tables are everywhere and they all had a decent view.I still love XS but I think HK beats it for now because of their amazing DJ residents.Went for preview opening and had so much fun went back for the grand opening as well :)
4	What this place really has going for it is its stacked lineup. Tiesto!!That being said, I expected this club to top all of the other clubs on the strip. There are so many good ones that I assumed anyone making a new club would make it extra spectacular in order to insure its success. I think I still prefer Marquee over this club. My reason for 4 stars instead of 3 is because although it is more than packed and guest list line does take about an hour, that is to be expected with Vegas clubs. It's not fair to ding them for something that is the standard. Luckily we were able to join a table on the balcony level of the main room to avoid being absolutely smushed. This made the night much better than it would have been. The inside really is beautiful and I enjoyed all of the different LEDs. It has a very classy and upscale vibe. They shoot out confetti which covers the interior and looks really cool and they do have good dancers. If you're going to buy drinks be prepared to fight the crowds at the bar area and to pay a lot. I know everyone has said this but I'll say it too: way too many stairs! For walking between levels there are elevators available though. Overall I would come back, for the newness and the lineup. But still not my "fav".
3	No in and outs, no place to sit, stairs everywhere.  At this rate, Hakkasan is gonna be a cockest.You really don't think girls who travel miles, out of the country even, to Las Vegas is going to like a venue with 8 flights of stairs, do you? You don't think they're going to want to wear flats instead of heels just to accommodate this club, do you?  If you're a smart girl like me, you'll bring to-go flats to switch in the night. BUT, that's unfair to the girls who can't or don't bring them.PROS:- Some of the best DJ lineups- REALLY good lighting in the main room- Extremely good sound system, probably the best - Good ventilation- 2 rooms: One main edm/house room and one smaller hip hop room that played some good hip hop music CONS:- No in and outs- No place to sit, won't let girls sit on the side of the booths.  Ugh, excuse me security guard, do you want to try wearing these heels for the next 5 hours & dancing??- Stairs everywhere = DANGEROUS for drunk people.  Only people with bottle service are allowed to use the elevators, which are a minimum of $6,000.- No outsideSo maybe it's a good place for another EDC or rave, but for drunkies, beware.  I saw a guy miss a step and fall and spill his drink.  He was so embarrassed. But sir, you shouldn't be. If I didn't leave the club early from being over the club, I'm sure there would have been a lot more falls from Stairkkasan.
3	A group of us girls were invited to experience the grand opening of this club and were very happily accepted the invitation.  When we got there, we were escorted to our table.  I was very surprised because the room we were in looked small and I had heard so many amazing things about this club.  After we got settled and drinks poured, we went exploring, that's when we discovered we had been placed in the dingy hip-hop room when there was this entire huge club one or two floors up.  We never went back down to the table we were sat at.  Overall, the set up of the club is really cool.  We had a lot of fun, but to me, it seemed like it had been completely hyped up and there wasn't anything really "special" about it as I had expected.  Vegas is full of beautiful clubs, and this is just another one.
1	Question: who the eff asked for more asians in the clubs? Hakkasan was a major fail in my book for many reasons.  I would say skip this place unless your ideal mate is a 5'0" asian male. First of all, the managers and promoters are incredibly rude and 'require photo submission' to get on guestlist. seriously, WHAAT?! you know those hot girls in 5inch heels and skin-tight dresses? HELL no do they want to walk half a mile, just to go up and down a bajillion stairs. Get it together; your club sucks and Lady LingLing is unsatisfied.Also, no outdoor pool/patio area? how's a girl supposed to hustle some drinks then? Hakksan has the perfect recipe for failure: expensive as hell + thirsty girls + rude management + terrible layout= unhappy vegas-goers. Back to XS, I go.
3	Global Night Life ExpectationsCons:1. I did not see where 100k million went. Not one comment here states a wow factor or innovation in clubbing or experience. It's new, nice m good sound and 80k sqft does not count. It's going to cost way to much money to maintain every month with such a high maintenance interior.2. After partying in Europe,Hong Kong,Dubai, Mexico and South America my expectations were high on this place.a.I expected a zen/feng shui outdoor lounge to chill with a different experience on each floor or room. A floor similar to the "Box" in NYC, another floor like Thailand's BED, a main area like Privledge in Ibizia. An afterhours only like Drais. State of the art LCD interactive dancefloor, shark tanks,holograms,projections and optical illusions. Pool. More of an Asian theme.b. State of the Art technology for bottle service and admission. We still use paper and stamps? c. They said it was a eco friendly green LEED building with lush interior landscaping. I doubt if this is 100% eco friendly designed and operated and did not see all the secret gardens. 3. XS and Marquee still run this city so far.  Pros:1. Sicked DJ lineup. I'm sure is not free.2. There's going to be a restaurant to eat. I love food.3. Hakkasan is a brand known worldwide.4. MGM needed an upscale club and it finally woke up and did something about it.5. There's a hip hop room and not just electronica. There's a lounge and not just a club.6. There's more than one elevator. 7. You can put your feet on the seat at table service and sit on the counter for better view of the crowd8.. Caesars,Wynn and Club Owners of Las Vegas design something bigger and better than this for this city if you can.
1	Think of Hakkasan as a larger Marquee with many more tables but no outdoor patio and designed to offer absolutely 0 sitting space.  To see the DJ you either have to be on the dance floor, which is pathetically small considering the club's 3800 person capacity or have a table...How much are tables?  Assuming you're going on a Friday or Saturday, tables start at about $5,000....not $500 but 5 GRAND....are you serious?  The place just seems like a shameless money making club with no regard to the fun factor or anyone who goes through general admission....which was $40 presale or $150 at the door for men.My girlfriend and I left at 11:00pm and saw many more people leave around that time because they thought the club was just not good....P.s to TESIA Y's review (2 reviews ago) nobody goes to the club to find a "mate" LOL
3	We'll see how long this place lasts.  I was impressed going into this place, but I'm a simple guy who does not have high expectations for Vegas clubs.  I'm a resident here now and only venture to party on the Strip when friends and family are in town.  Another reason for not going to these clubs, is probably my age, I'm like a Detective Murtaugh sometimes and feel that I'm "too old fo' this sheeet", haha! But hey I felt young when I saw this caucasian dude in his fifties, maybe sixties, with a nice Magnum PI style Hawaiian button up walk into the club.  The staff was giving me issues for wearing a sweater! WTH, so what if I don't have a collar! Does that make me more dangerous! lol...Well enough about that, as I got in under the radar.  I usually judge places like this on the quality of the "Hip Hop/RnB Room".   The vibe was pretty good in here.  DJ there was on point with the old school, I felt like I was at Booty Hop or Kaboom (in the Bay back in the day), haha!  It was not too crowded, but had a fair amount of bumpin and grindin.  It was cool to see and experience Ms. Jenny Lynn from Nebraska get hyphy when E40 was being played.  There's your shoutout Jenny!Most people were in the main room where they play electronic dance music, the DJ lineup is pretty dope for fans of the music - check the lineup for the summer. I could almost understand why the admission price is pretty high, it is like going to a concert if you're a fan of DJ's like Tiesto, deadmau5 or Calvin Harris.The negatives - drink prices and admission, but that's a given, it a club in the middle of Vegas Blvd.  The collar issue. Lots of stairs, but actually that might be a positive, I didnt have to do any cardio today.But hey if you want to be a tourist and pay the price, then you have to pay the price.  There are other places on the to party on the strip. If you need to kill your curiosity and wallet, this is the place to be!
1	I'll keep it short, but this is for their rude management. Just had 4 girls and got through the Guestlist line really fast and once we got to the ID check, that's when it went horrible. This very rude bouncer checks my friend's ID and does not believe it is hers. My friend is 24, and so am I, and my other 2 friends are 25. WTF? He then grabs another guy to check the ID and he also says, "that is not her." THAT IS SUCH BULLSHIT. I've been coming to Vegas for 3 years along with my friend who got checked and have gotten into XS, Marquee, TAO, EBC etc. with NO QUESTION whatsoever. The ID picture looks exactly like my friend, just younger, because it's her HIGH SCHOOL picture. He then tells her that she's not coming in tonight. She pulls out her Chase Sapphire Credit Card, but he doesn't even want to look at it. WTF. Then he looks at me, "are you coming in, or are you going to leave with her?" WOW. First of all, we had a 2nd form of identification on her and he didn't even want to look at it. Second of all, it is really shady how he didn't even confiscate the ID if he thought it was fake. Isn't that the rule? Freaking ridiculous. I have heard such horrible things from friends that have been recently coming here. If you want to keep a business successful, get better management.
3	We got our pre-sale tickets for the grand opening on April 27th of this nightclub about a month prior. Upon arrival, there were numerous security and bouncers, helping organized the many lines to get in the club. They let in the pre-sale ticket line first, right at 9:30PM when the club opened. Once we went through a few stops with checking IDs and tickets, we were sent on our way to the dance floors. The first two story is held off for the restaurant that wasn't opened yet. The third floor is the hip hop dance floor, thus reserving the fourth and fifth floors to the main stage, EDM (electric dance music). The stairs were difficult, especially for girls in heels. They reserved the elevators for people with table reservations.I was blown away by how absolutely stunning the main dance floor was! It had 4 LED panel walls that was the focal point of the entire space. There were a total of 4 bars and more tables than I could count. The entire staff was so friendly and helpful. Everyone greeted us with a smile and answered any question we had. We had more than one staff member offered to take our group pictures for us. Honestly, best staff of any club I've been to. It even rivals some of the hotel staff I've encountered on the strip.Calvin Harris was the featured DJ that night. He had Fergie opened and closed for him, and he only played for 1.5 hours from 1:30-3am. Tiesto also made a quick appearance, and did spin some songs. After paying what we did, I wished Calvin Harris played a longer set. While he was playing, he was distracted by all the commotion going on behind his DJ table. There were models, and lots of men in suits (investors I'm sure) that he had to mingle with. At one point during his set, he was making out with a model instead of spinning. It was probably the excitement of Grand Opening weekend, but it wasn't a good set by him.There were some high points and low points. Overall, gorgeous, top notch club with great service. However, crowd needs to be more diverse (80% Asians) and the DJ sets needs to be better. They charge $9 for a small Fiji water which I thought was ridiculous. No outside area is a huge letdown too.Tip: Arrive freakishly early.
2	This is just one overhyped club...that will leave you disappointed. I've been there twice now and I don't think I will go back unless I book a table, which I doubt cause it's overpriced...by a lot. First time I went was free cause my girl won tickets for 5 to see Bingo Players and I guess it was fun then since we didn't have to wait in line. Drinks are pricey but on the same level as every other Tier 1 club in Vegas. I had a decent time as it was free.99However, the layout almost strictly caters to tables as the whole club is littered with them. They spent all that money on this club and are hoping to recuperate the costs back with tables with exorbitant prices...I mean seriously, the club ain't no fun for general admissions. The dance floor is small, a bit bigger than Marquee's but that doesn't say much. There is no outdoor area...so you are trapped with no where to sit if you don't have a table. The hip-hop floor is cool though...so definitely check it out if you feeling some hip-hop.Last Friday for Tiesto, my second time there, a bouncer kicked my girl out cause we were waiting for Tiesto and she rested her head on my chest. LIKE WTF? These fools have no idea what to do cause the entire night they were looking for people to kick out for no reason! They followed my homie around the whole night but he didn't do anything wrong so they didn't kick him out. They are pretty much useless ass bouncers with nothing better to do. I don't even know his name but he was a short scruffy looking white guy. Obviously must have some sort of Napoleon complex...but man, waste of money for my Tiesto ticket. Not like I missed much though cause I heard Tiesto was too drunk to DJ and messed up a lot. Yeah, I don't think he really likes the club himself.
5	My friends and I came last night to see Tiesto and it was amazing. A lot of these reviews are complaining about the stairs but its so minimal, come on people. Hit the gym if your that tired after a few flights of stairs. Anyways, the dance floor is amazing, the sounds is crystal clear and I never waited more that five minutes to get a drink. All the staff were friendly and helpful. I will definitely be going back again to Hakkasan
2	I want this to be understood: This is not a club. Its a place where you can reserve ULTRA-EXPENSIVE tables, and watch tons of people crowd their way around your table for a free spot to dance, which won't be found. The focus of this club is TABLE RESERVATIONS. Every spot that they could place a table, they did. So there are no great spots to dance because there's a table there, and of course, a corded off area for their table guests to dance, but not for you. Do not go unless you can afford a table reservation. There is no point. Want to see that DJ? Go to Wet Republic to see the DJ, at least you can dance there.There are a couple of nice things (hence 2 stars):The lighting is amazing in the main room (which you won't be able to see because it will be too damn crowded). The sound system is amazing (which you won't be able to enjoy because you are constantly getting stepped on by the person next to you and the large group of people that thinks they see a spot to stand at the far back of the dance floor so they have to squish through the impossibly tight crowd).
1	I know. I'm updating this about 2-3 weeks after I first got there.  It went from a 3 to 1 purely because I got kicked out for NO apparent reason ... and here's why.I was standing by the bar next to my boyfriend and I had rested my head on his shoulder area.  I was hugging him too - it was literally the stance of most couples when girls just want to rest their head on their guys. Literally 30 seconds after I did that, we got a tap on our shoulder saying that we had to go. WTF? Not wanting to cause a scene, we followed this bouncer to the door and he asked for my driver's license - so I gave it to him.  He then took my ID, wrote down my entire information, then gave that piece of paper to the bouncers at the entrance so that I couldn't back in ... since there's only one entry way into the club. First of all, can I just ask why I was kicked out?  I was perfectly fine - and the bouncer must've known since he asked ME for my ID, looked ME in the eye, gave ME BACK my own ID and watched me walk off perfectly fine. Now, I'm not going to lie and say that I was sober, but I was DEFINITELY not drunk to the point where it's obvious that I need to be kicked out. Secondly, if you bouncers are going to be strict, don't be looking around the bar for people to kick out. Because guess what?  My friend YACKED in the MIDDLE of the dance floor. Did he get kicked out? No. And I was kicked out for resting my head on my boyfriend's shoulder?  I wasn't stumbling, I wasn't all over the place. and I wasn't even near yacking or looking like I needed to. This club is ridiculous. I had SUCH high expectations and I've given this club a second chance that it COMPLETELY ruined - on my birthday weekend too. The only good part? The promoter was nice and got us girls in fast.  But after that - downhill. I will avoid this club at ALL costs.  And I suggest you guys do the same -  it's NOT worth it. At all. It's to the point where Marquee seems better. I mean it does have re-entry and an outdoor pool area.
2	Looks like the lesson is your way oil billionaire!  Will never to back and the only redeeming quality about this place is Calvin Harris.  First off this place is hideous.  For a few hundred million and $100 cover I was expecting extravagance not  an unimaginative, lackluster econolodge.  Second, this place has serious design flaws.  There is nowhere to stand around the club and listen to music or watch the LCD stage show except a tiny super crowded dance floor.  Don't come here without a table because there is no place there for you to be.  Third, they let way too many people in and its very crowded and you wont be able to dance or move on the floor during peak hours.  Don't come here.  Not even for the ultra expensive table reservations.  Enjoy your time and money elsewhere.
2	This is a late review, this review was for opening weekend. I went on locals night, Sunday April 28th with a couple of girls. We got there at around 10PM when they opened at 10PM and waited for an hour, I guess that is standard. When we got inside, there was NO ONE INSIDE, uh, why did you make us wait this long again for no reason? Annoyed already.Not only was the walk EXTREMELY far from the parking lot/valet, there were so many flights of stairs that by the time I got to the top, my feet were too tired for me to dance. Talk about discouraging from the get-go. Oh, and if you think it ends there, it doesn't. There are stairs literally EVERYWHERE. My girlfriend tripped off of a 3-step stair because she didn't see it, not because we were drunk. Be wary.Since it was opening weekend and locals night, I assumed that all the rooms were open and that they would have at least a decent DJ. WRONG. The "Ling Ling Room" aka the hip hop room was closed, WTF?! Closed on opening weekend?! Not only that, the music really sucked in the main room. I mean I am not that into EDM but I will groove to it if need be. Well, whoever played that night really did not know how to read a crowd. No one was really dancing. I don't know if I will be back or if I will even recommend/bring my friends. How disappointing.You'd probably be better off at Marquee, honestly.
1	DON'T GO TO HAKKASAN! HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!! IT'S NOT WORTH IT! WASTE OF TIME & MONEY!I wish there was negative stars to give... Went on 5/5/13 Cinco De Mayo to see Tiesto & the experience was Horrible from the beginning, a lot of ass hole bouncers that don't really know how to do their job right, a chubby short white bouncer was checking my ID "California's Driver's license" & he didn't "THINK" it was valid!! he tried to act all tough & smart ass in front of the ticket girls and he wanted to see another ID I didn't want to give him another ID because he didn't make any sense, he asked me to step outside & I asked him to get me his boss & then the manager let me in right away after he saw my ID  & he even asked the bouncer "what's your problem". That was just the beginning, then going inside you have to go up the stairs for like 2 levels, I'm sure it's fun for everybody with a buzz specially girls with high heels, then inside the club it's a different story, the club is too small for all the advertising and DJ line up, those DJS deserve a better venue, no matter where you are you won't be able to see the DJ unless you made it to the dance floor through all the squished people, it's mostly made for bottle service tables all around the club, you can't stand anywhere to see whoever is spinning unless on the dance floor, the dance floor was super packed to the point that you can't move a muscle or dance & bouncers keep pushing people in to keep them off the bottle service tables!!  I couldn't stay on the dance floor for more than 5 mins then anywhere  I went there's a bouncer asking to keep walking, to where I didn't know, went to the second floor though it might be a better place to see Tiesto spinning from up there but it was also all surrounded with bottle service tables, also the second levels speakers weren't working!! so you only listen to the music playing on the main floor!!I also had a cigar they asked me to put it out saying you can't smoke cigars but you can smoke cigarrettes!! I've never seen or heard about something like that any where in the world!! Even Tiesto when he got on the stage he didn't look happy at all, probably cause he got stuck with his residency there, without really knowing what is he getting himself to... I've been to Tiesto in different Venues in Vegas & LA & hes always smiling & in a good mood, the club was way too CROWDED for anybody to enjoy I guess even Tiesto himself.. couldn't stay there more than an hour & then me & my friends left...So far nothing beats XS & Marquee...I'd never go back to Hakkasan even if it's free!! That's how bad my experience was!!
1	Absolutely the worst club in vegas! I wish I could give it negative stars. First off, the wait was incredibly long and strenuous. My group and I got in through a promoter who had a comped table. But the Hakassan people overbooked tables that night, so we ended up not getting a table after an hour wait. Once inside, I felt as if there was nothing special about the club. The dance floor was too crowded for life. You were constantly being pushed against another person and tiesto had not even come on yet. In fact, I left before Tiesto came on because it was too crowded, the drinks were not good and too expensive ($18 for a vodka red bull), and it just really didn't seem worth it in the end. Lastly, like every other review mentioned, there are way too many stairs. I thought Marquee was bad. I definitely will not come back to this club in the future. It is way overpriced, overhyped, and not worth the money. I think I'll stick to XS or Marquee next time
1	I gotta give them credit for having nice decors and lights, however, it did not exceed my expectations at all. This place is down right crowed, guest list line took forever, and bouncers were down right rude. We came here because The Light's opening day was postpone to the following  weekend. Hakkasan reminds me of Marquee, but Marquee was definitely better than this hell hole. Tips:1. Never go when deadmau5 is playing. Unless you want something mellow go for it. 2. Come early because the line is long3. Go upstairs if you want to avoid the pushing and shoving4. Bring an extra form of identification, because the bouncers here are dicks.
5	Keep in mind that this is a BRAND NEW CLUB in LAS VEGAS with SICK DJ'S.So expect the line to be long, expect to get here early (especially guys), expect to be spending money, and expect the insane amount of people.I came here around 10:45 PM on May 3rd with 10 ladies. I saw that the lines were ridiculously long but luckily we had an all-girls group so went to a separate line. Our group kept moving but I had to leave the line for a few minutes to retrieve one of the ladies in our party. When I went back, the woman working the line was very understanding (she even smiled the entire time! Who does that now?) and allowed us rejoin our group. We got into the club within 10 minutes.They put us in the elevator and we went straight to the main room which wasn't packed at the time. I'm so glad we found a table because the dance floor did not have a single open space later on. (-/+)-/+ I really wish I had the chance to explore the other floors, but that was my decision so I can't hold it against the club.-/+ Personally I didn't feel the need to leave and re-enter the club, however it is a new club and they need regulation so I totally understand. (Hopefully, they can change that in the future though.)-/+ I like the view of the strip especially on a rooftop, but unfortunately Hakkasan did not have an outside area. At the same time it's smart because I've been at XS during a desert thunderstorm (Vegas seems to experience quite a few of those) and it was not fun getting rained on. The ventilation inside the club is excellent.+ I can't comment much about the decor because I only spent time in the main room. However, the main room had really ridic lights! Very cool.+ When I did find the need to use the restroom, it was easy to return to my party. Nice bouncers.+ Elevators saved my feet! I went into the club through an elevator and I left the same way. VIP/all-girls treatment (?) I'm not sure.+ Friendly, friendly, friendly staff.Overall, my girls and I had an amazing time.My advice: Go with a group of girls until the hype dies down.
3	I was pretty pumped up for this club...maybe it was the circumstances of it being a Thursday night prior to a huge fight...but I think this may have been the worst controlled ratio party I've ever been to. Not really poppin, and literally a sea of guys. However, I thought the setup of the club was pretty cool, it feels a lot more open and comfortable than marquee. So many stairs though...a huge pain.
1	the worst fucken club ever!!! the "bouncers" suck at doing their job. first of all they were extremely rude. second they said my "id" was fake!!  after showing them other id's they still said no. we asked for management and he told me "im not getting anyone for you"  this was that one fat bald light skinned bouncer. makes me not even go to mgm anymore!!!
1	Went last month and bought presale tickets 1 month prior. Went with some friends to celebrate a birthday and my friend got told that her ID was fake??? WTF. Got "management" involved and got the run around.  My friend bought a drink at the Centrifuge bar right next to the club entrance to show them it was real and they still didn't care?? No ID scanners, no black light?? What is this??  I though this was supposed to be a world class club. Talk about subjective as hell doormen.Update: It's apparent that there are lots of "fake ID" issues so I went ahead and emailed - info@angelmg.com (only email they have available) and told them about all the "fake ID" reviews (if they already don't know). If i were in operations I would not stand for this poor handling & management of not being able to identify a real or fake ID.
4	Odd there are so many negative reviews about this place. When I looked around at the crowd, everyone seemed to have lost their minds (in the best way possible). Perhaps it was Hardwell working his magic? :)I don't know how to write this review without going into details about the night that I was there with my girls on 4/20 (opening weekend)... but it was a memorable one!!!Pros: x Lines move fast -- I think. I was a little tipsy.x Bouncers/security aren't rude douche bags.x Temperature perfect at all times. Yay for no sweating.x Good lights and sound great sound systemx Elevatorsx 3 different ways to enter/exit the dance floorx contracts with top DJ's so you can always expect someone good to spin no matter what week you go!x Areas you can get away from the music for a breather.Side note: I wish I could comment on bar area/service and drink prices, but I don't quite remember that part of the night :P JUST BEING HONEST HERE, don't judge.Cons:x Confused as hell where I was every time I was going up/down the stairs. No signs.x Some of the tables are all the way in the back, you can barely see the DJ.x  Dance floor is a bit small in my opinion. In all, I had a great experience here. Good review or not, let's be frank here... doesn't matter the venue, people will follow the DJ. This place has got it good overall. Ok, I'm having insane Vegas withdrawals right now.
2	I was SOOOOO excited to be here on grand-soft opening day. This is where my first problem is...why did they need to have 3 grand opening weekends? I went on grand grand opening day (April 18) and it was NOT BUSY. Got in line around 11:30 and the line was just not long. I really didn't like the fact that you have to wait in line for the bouncer, wait in line for tickets, then another line for someone to check your tickets, then club 10 flights of stairs. I mean obviously you have to wait in line at one point or another but after buying your tickets theres really only one way to go...which would be into the club...so why would you need to check them? As far as getting in, I'm really happy that we've upgraded to a technology where guest lists are now on iPad's but the girls checking seriously don't have to be prude bitches about it.I'm not gonna go around complaining about how "my feet hurt having to walk up the stairs" just cause I'm a girl. If you can't walk in heels, learn. I think it's more of a safety hazard than anything. As my other yelpers have mentioned, I'm sure there are at least a couple dozen guys and gals tripping on those stairs every night. I did NOT like the fact that there was no outside area. I thought I read online somewhere that there was a rooftop bar but maybe I was reading about a different club. Additionally, one yelper wrote that there were no gambling tables which I didn't even think about until reading that. You want to get the most money out of your customers? Get them drunk then have them make $500 bets on blackjack, duh!! Last but not least, after a couple hours of dancing the last thing I want to do is walk down a crowded flight of stairs, let me take the damn elevator. Return factor: 50%
2	Disappointing.That's the takeaway from here. If they didn't steal all these big-name DJs for the next 1.5 years, they would have no one coming. Since it wasn't built from scratch, you can tell it has age. There is no outdoor area which I feel is a new standard for Vegas clubs. Everything is small and enclosed. The drink prices are standard Vegas, but they charge you $9 for the smallest bottle of Fiji water and refused to acknowledge that there is free water unless you specifically say "give me tap water".The dance floor is small and so when a performer comes on you don't get much of a view (although DJs don't really do much so I guess that's ok.) Also main headliners don't come on until 1:30AM so be aware of that. We came for Bingo Players and so the crowd was probably a little thinner; the upstairs 5th floor bar/table area was pretty spacious so we ended up there. The feel and vibe of the place is more like Haze or Tao. I definitely prefer Marquee, XS or Surrender because of the outdoors. Really this wasn't a terrible club but given all the hype, waiting and cost of tickets, I was very disappointed. Once their headliners are off contract and move on, I imagine this place will be old news very quickly.
4	Hot clubs in Vegas are usually overrated. Its just fun to try something new, and party with HOT looking crowd ;) And its always fun to go with all female crowd. Find a promoter to get you on the guestlist. If you need one, you can message me and I'll send you their info.There is also the option to buy pre-sale tickets. This club is pretty spacious. Reminds me of a larger version of Marquee club. Price of drinks: Ridiculously expensive. Hottest club in Vegas right now.....they can charge anything they want I guess. Would I come back this summer to Hakkasan? Probably not unless went with a group of girls that have not visited and dying to just checklist it off. Think we prefer Surrender or XS for the summer nights.
1	Cons so far, far outweigh the pros that not even free entry (which we got) and the hot DJ lineup (don't be fooled by the hot DJ lineup!) can save this place. If you decide to check it out (not recommended), you may find yourself wondering where Vegas is hiding the attractive people, so make sure to also make arrangements to get into XS or Marquee that night.
4	HAKKAWHAAAAT!  I came here with my girls the night after they opened (April 19) and we were super excited to check out the new club everyone has been hyping up.  My first impression upon entry was that it reminded me of Marquee's layout -- the stairs, stage/dance floor layout, and tables.  Unlike Marquee, there seemed to be more tables located near the back of the club, as well as some standing room.  But I do not recall there being an outside patio.  I feel like your experience here (as well as at any club in Vegas) depends on the DJ, who you're with, if you have a table, and if you're on a good level.  Hardwell was performing the night we went (YES!), I was with a good group of girlfriends (YES!), we had a table (YES!), and we were all on a great level (YES!).  We had Dom in one hand, light-up baton in the other, and danced the night away  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-las-vegas-nightclub-las-vegas-2?select=TlKuPAyQGHWSyHKAWlenig#JLdHcSRynz3EI7ZnGO3QxA).  In conclusion, we did have an amazing time, haha.  We did try going on the dance floor but it was soooo packed!  People bumping into me left and right, it felt like I was dancing with 20 people at once.Overall, Hakkasan was good, but not mind-blowing.  I was expecting something totally new but this club will be pretty crackin since they've got all the sick DJs!!
1	Owch...highly anticipated opening, but it really failed to present. The pre-paid ticket lines were longer than the guest list lines, which is already a no-no. (Guest list approximately 15-20 minutes, pre-paid about an hour wait). The lines were very hectic (two on both sides of the hallway...people had no idea where to go...especially when they were DRINK DRANK DRUNK!) and a lot of people decided to cut the line and hop in, which were overlooked by the bouncers. Inside...would've been nice, but the floor was dirty and sticky, and the top floor was smoky and hazy with weed and other lung-killing vapors. The DJ was HORRIBLE. Same beat over and over again...they must have forced him to play crazy nasty so Calvin Harris would be amazing. He was not bad, but I'd rather be at XS or Marquee any day. Oh, and on the dance floor? Drunk guys on the floor only...what girls are left are all getting hit on by creepy guys left and right or being squished around in the jam packed crowd. Don't forget that you'll get a nice shower of alcohol from everyone holding their drinks too. Oh and spit from people singing while staring into your face trying to get eye contact. Sigh. I prefer spacious, open air like the outside areas of most other clubs, and some space to breathe! Will NOT be coming back...PS: Crowd is mainly older, which is not necessarily a bad thing, but no lookers either. Bummer.
5	Saw Calvin Harris at Hakkasan on May 4th.  I was expecting a lot, and I was not disappointed.  Lots of stairs and no free tap water (WTF???!) but overall it was an amazing night.  Would definitely recommend for anyone looking for an EDM club scene.
5	awesome place! had so much fun - saw calvin harris and the energy was great. We even ventured into the hip hop room on 3rd floor, it was going off in there. Love that there's a mix....Will definitely be back!P.S. we took the elevator up and down, not sure what some people are reviewing here
4	So ever since hakkasan was announced to open I had been anticipating on it being the best club Vegas has ever seen. I finally made it out last Sunday and I have to say it lived up to its expectations. Our host Ulysses was excellent and was the reason the whole night amazing. We were treated like VIP's from the beginning until   the club closed (which the girls didn't like). Everyone in our group agrees we will be back very soon. Only gripe we had was it was kind of dead but other than that it was excellent.
4	I hate crowds and I don't often go to clubs. But the BF wanted to check out the "hot new Vegas club" so we got a table for our party of six. Despite my slight disdain for clubs, I enjoyed Hakkasan enough to give this place 4 stars.Perks worth mentioning:- They treat you pretty well if you're willing to shell out the $3K for table service.- We didn't have to wait in line at all since we got table service.- Our table service included 4 bottles of liquor, 6 mixers, 6 red bulls, and 6 bottles of water.- There are hidden drawers underneath the seats at the table service areas so you can store purses, jackets, etc.- The hidden drawers contain phone chargers.- Staff was constantly checking our table for empty glasses to take away and wipe up any spills in our general area.- There was never EVER a line for the ladies room and it was always clean.- Tommy Trash was spinning and the music was pretty awesome!- The table service areas are pretty spacious and it never got too crowded. Lots of dancing room for us!- At some point of the night when the crowd was getting thinner, our party got transfered to a better table closer to the main dance floor. SCORE!One strange gripe during the night was that one of the bouncers made me stop dancing with my BF who was sitting down. It wasn't like I was being inappropriate or lap dance-y or anything. So I'm not sure why he made me stop. Is my dancing THAT bad!?! Other than that bouncer guy, the rest of the staff was pretty nice and awesome to us. Very rare to find such friendly service at a club.We partied until they kicked us out sometime close to 4am. Even though we didn't venture every floor of this multi-leveled club, we had a good time! Maybe it was good that we stuck to the one floor though...I heard that there are lots and lots of stairs. No thank you to that! I like to wear heels to clubs ;)
5	Had an amazing time here last weekend.  We bought a table and had no issues when friends came later to join the table (this has been a  HUGE problem at other venues like xs).  Staff was extremely  nice and accomodating, by far the nicest I've seen in town.  We stayed late and got moved to an amazing table right off the dance floor.  I definitely plan to return on my next trip.
4	After reading all the stories about the building of this club, I finally went this past Sunday with a group of 7 friends. My host, Thomas Gorman, who had previously helped me out at other AMG establishments like Pure, really went above and beyond hosting my group with a great table location (elevated dance floor table) central to all the action. We arrived a little earlier than I usually do for a Vegas club around 11 but the club was already buzzing. By midnight, the place was packed and everyone was having a great time. R3hab was spinning that night. Both his set and the accompanying light show were impressive. Because it was Sunday, the Ling Ling room was not open so I was only able to check out the main room. The dance floor is huge (definitely bigger than Marquee) and, although it was packed, the traffic seemed to flow better than some of the other clubs. I know some people have complained about the crowds, but I'd rather have a packed club than a moderately full one, especially if I'm at a booth with my own space to invite people over for drinks.  I tend to visit Vegas at least every other month. Hakkasan will definitely be added to my rotation of clubs in the future.
1	A group of girls and I visited this place for Calvin Harris last weekend during a bachelorette party and while the night started off on a fantastic note, things quickly turned sour as the night wore on. Let me break it down for you.Pros:- We contacted a promoter who directed us to the manager who led us into a ladies only line. Since we had our names on the guestlist, we were quickly ushered through the line with little trouble- We got to take the elevators up to the main floor and during the night, the very nice elevator man let us take the elevators up and down from the hip hop room (3rd floor) to the main floor (4th floor)- Upon entering the club, we were greeted warmly by many workers- Bars in the hip hop room remained pretty empty making it easy to buy drinks quicklyCons:- TINY dance floor on both the main EDM floor and hip hop floor = massive crowding, uncomfortable dancing, unwelcome sweat exchanging between strangers- Had to arrive early in order to get in (before 10pm - which by vegas standards is practically the break of dawn)- We had one girl arriving late to the club and was originally ensured by the promoter she would be on the list and have no problems getting in.... WRONG! We paid expedited entry ($60) for our one girl and then got yelled at, cursed at and berated by the bouncers, head security and guestlist girl. I've NEVER been treated in such a manner before, especially after paying the expedited entry fee willingly.- The main EDM floor was so incredibly packed, we couldn't see Calvin Harris when he finally came on stage around 1:30am. We ended up leaving since there was nowhere to stand, nowhere to dance, and nowhere to sit.Bottom line: beautiful club, the little you get to see of it. If you come early and are a group of only girls, entrance is easy but don't expect hospitality or service from the people who work the entrance. Even if I had the $5k to buy a table here, I'd refuse to come back, simply because of the way they treat people here.
5	The club is huge and massive and cavernous and damn near impossible to explore in just one visit, but everything in that venue is next level.  The lighting and sound, next level.  The DJ's they have booked, next level.  The service, next level.  Case in point, our host Mary Lind.  I've worked with her in the past at another property, and she went out of her way to make sure that my Hakkasan experience was amazing.  I'm looking forward to my next Vegas adventure so I can explore more of the venue, specifically the restaurant.
5	AMAZING Club.  I went there last night to see Nervo and I am totally impressed with this place. I am a local so I have been to almost every club in Vegas and I wasn't sure what to expect.  The sound system is the best I have heard in this city. Because of how open the club is, I never got that claustrophobic feeling that I get is many of the clubs here. The light show was amazing and added so much to the energy!  I like the fact that there are places where you can stand and watch the DJ (some of the clubs here make you keep moving like cattle).  Once Nervo came on and we hit the dance floor, everyone was super cool and the vibe was great.  The floor plan is great for a club of this size and there are plenty of bars so you are not waiting forever to get a drink.  Great service, great sound system, great experience.  I can't wait to go back.The best club in Vegas
1	Horrible!!! Over crowded. Was like a laser tag cavern. Hot, loud and lame. Went to Tao the night before and had a blast. Also heard XS and marque are good too.
2	Big hype about Hakkasan! On the guestlist and in 'girls only' line on a Saturday nignt for 3 (!!!!) hours to finally get in... Club is mediocer, nothing special, not worth the wait or the hype... Ok ok Calvin Harris made up for it a bit, still would not recommend it.
3	If you're trying to get on guest list, you have to submit a picture of yourself.  You will be denied if you're not good looking and in shape.  Although my friends and I were approved, we didn't want to deal with not getting in, so we bought our tickets.As my friends and I made our way to the ticket line, we were glad we did not guest list.  But when we got to the ticket line, the line was just as long!  The staff was very disorganized.  My friends and I didn't know where to go after one of the staff members told us we can walk to the other side of the line; the line's split because of the walkway.  Then when we walk through the doors, we thought we were in.  Nope, totally was not the case.  We walk in and saw more people from the other line (guest list).  We saw people getting something at the window where more staff were at.  I asked a guy if we had to go there because we already have our ticket, he said no.  He was wrong.  We had walked passed it and later was told we had to show our ticket at that window to get a receipt for the # of people we were with.When my friends and I get inside, we tried to meet up our other friends who were already inside.  The first thing I noticed was the crappy hip hop music playing.  Good thing it was just one room.  The trance room was way better.  I didn't read up on the reviews with this place or expectations, so I didn't know what to expect.  There's like 5 rooms.  That means a lot of stairs and walking.  Wear comfortable shoes/heels if you have them or you won't last.  There really isn't any place to sit either.  If you try sitting somewhere, the bouncers will make you get off.  The trance room was ridiculously crowded.  It was really hard going in and out of that room.  Some people were so rude, they would take their drink and throw it at you.  I didn't experience this, but my friends did.
1	I came to this "new club" expecting great things. I was greatly disappointed with their staff treatment. The line to get in was an hour wait for guest list, the staff didn't know much information and was talking to the guests rudely. I actually got punched in the face by accident by a staff member and ignored it and kept moving, I got pulled aside and yelled at by the staff that "hit me accidentally" I was appalled by his statement of me running into his hand and kept moving not wanting any drama and wanting to leave as soon as possible.  I would not recommend this club to anyone, Marquee is still the best club I've been to in Vegas. Don't waste your time with Hakkasan. If I could give this place zero stars I would.
3	So Hakkasan has been the new BIG club in Las Vegas. The venue and lineups have been said to be really amazing so I decided to go with my friends.Because it's fairly new, obviously EVERYONE and their mother wants to go. And because of this, it's pretty ridiculous just to get in.I went during the night when Calvin Harris was playing. My guy friends had to by tickets which were $75. That's pretty insane already. We showed up much later than we anticipated, around 10:30 or 11. The nice thing about our guy friends having tickets is that they got in within 20 minutes of waiting in line. But good luck finding the correct line. They'll have you going from one place to another. Now for the ladies. We talked to a promoter and they told us about the ladies line. We were trying to get there around 10ish to beat the crowd but we were driving to Vegas that same day and hit tons of traffic. Going any time after 11ish is a nightmare. NEVER in my life have I every waiting almost 2 hours in line. I'm happy that it was free, but their lines are not well organized. There were too many lines for too many different lists. And the lines basically became a cluster, people weren't sure which line they were in.So by the time I did get in, it was waaaaaaaay too crowded. It was impossible to navigate! At this point, I just wanted to have fun. I didn't explore, but my friends went to the hip hop floor. Apparently there was a giant panda dancing with people. But they said the venue is really nice as a whole.Now I would have given Hakkasan a 2 had it not been for Calvin Harris. It was my first time seeing him but he is AMAZING! PLUS, Hakkasan's sound system and light show were top noch. They had dancers with weird Lady Gaga like outfits. Very cool. When I got into the music, it definitely helped me forget about the nightmare in line. I'm hoping that the lines and the craziness will go away when the hype begins to lesson but unless you're dying to see a specific performer, I would be sure to go fairly early or just go somewhere else.
5	I had a fantastic time, didn't wait long to get in, the staff was friendly, everyone from the hosts to the bartenders to security. The club is gorgeous and the various rooms make it easy to change ambience. Mary is one of the best hosts I've had, she took care of me and made sure me and my party were taken care of. Highly recommend Hakkasan to anyone that wants the Vegas nightlife experience.
2	Hakkasan. Idk maybe I need to get a table here before I review this place, but no, I guess the majority of people just go in. So here it goes....Layout - 1/10 - it's a weird cave like maze. Lots of random stairs. Crowdedness - 2/10 - you can't dance, it's close to impossible. Music - 8/10 - but I don't get why Calvin Harris needs to be there, anyone could just play his songs. If they weren't paying him whatever they're paying him then the place wouldn't be so expensive. Which brings me to....Price - 3/10  $10 for a tiny bottle of water, no free water. Ok. It cost me $100 to get in Friday night 17 May. The drinks were average price for a club in Vegas. The Staff- 9/10- all class, no complaints. The wait - 2/10 , too long at the door, too long at the bar. Overall it's just not worth it. This SUMS it up...........You'll wait in a long line for a long time to go into a horribly designed club/dance floor just to bump into people and sweat, and not dance. And when you're all hot and sweaty just from moving around awkwardly touching everyone around you on the dance floor you can go get a $10 mini bottle of Fiji water. But it's all good cuz they have a famous DJ, who does nothing special, an iTunes playlist can do the same thing, and then he promptly exits stage left at precisely 1:30. Set over, doesn't say anything. So impressed. There is a lounge part on the third floor, and a hip hop area on the fifth, which I liked better. The main floor is 4th, avoid it, unless you have a table. And avoid this club unless you liked the way I summed it up.
5	AMAZINNGGGGGG!!! I've been here about 4 times now and I've had an amazing experience every time. With it being a new club, you can expect the crowds, so that's just something you're going to have to deal with. But the club is HUGE, and there are definitely places all over where it's not as crowded and can still have a great time drinking cocktails and hanging with friends. They have an upstairs balcony area that looks down to the main floor where the hottest DJs play. I've so far seen Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Steve Aoki and Deadmau5 (what an amazing line up!!). Also a section off the side of the main area called the Pavilion were its close enough to all the craziness but far enough to breathe and have A LOT of room to move. Lastly, (my favorite)... The Ling Ling room! Living in Vegas, I feel that most of the clubs just play House music and I'm sick of it!! The Ling Ling room is a floor down (have to take the stairs, but its worth it... and not as much stairs as Marquee) and plays ONLY hiphop!! The size is great. Pretty much a club itself. So refreshing to have a club that offers so much variety! Definitely caters to all types of clubs-goers:  from loungy to hiphop to the crazy EDM fans;)Overall, I was entirely impressed with this club. With the impressive LED effects at the DJ booth, to their gorgeous staff (omg, drool) this is definitely a club worth checking out while your visit to the city!!
5	Our 70 minute wait in the guestlist line was so worth it.  And you probably will never hear me say that again unless I ever get the chance to come back to Hakkasan.When we first entered the club we ended up on a level playing a sweet club-music mix.  We walked up a platform to dance along the bottle service tables, and within 20min were joined by a guy in a giant mouse costume and showered in confetti.  Now THAT is a Vegas experience!When it can't get any better, it does, and we leveled-up (literally) to dance to Tiesto until 4am.  What a blast: hot pole dancers and performers took the upper stage over his head while a light show played on the walls and confetti and glitter rained down on us.  I don't think I've ever raged so hard in my life.  Although the music was still playing at 4am, I had to take my sore feet home while Tiesto was still finishing his second bottle of vodka up on stage.  Just a couple warnings:-Bring drinks for the wait in line.  The drinks in the club are so pricey (think $9 for a tiny bottle of water) that you'll want to arrive drunk-Make sure you have legit ID- we saw quite a few people turned away and I can't imagine how much that SUCKS after waiting over an hour-Check out multiple levels when you finally get in-Stay all night.  We saw a ton of drunks leaving early- and after the long wait why miss out on an all-night party?This club is gorgeous, HUGE, and the acts they draw are out of this world.  Although the tickets are pricey, and the wait is long, it is SO worth it.  If you stay at the MGM, this is a must.  Thank you, Vegas.  And thank you, Hakkasan, for closing my weekend on such a high note!
4	8 girls: free on guestlist when we lined up at 9:30pm, got in fairly quicklyGet there early or else you will not be able to dance.the Hip hop room was spinning bay area jams all night which was hella awesome (SF/Oakland represent!) with lots of shout outs and yay area love.  i personally enjoyed that and danced all night.  went to the rave/trance room later in the night since it was DJ Tiesto spinning. it was just fancy effects on the walls and strippers undressing each other and dancing on poles.  i could imagine it would be enjoyable for those who partake in the pill.  i personally was not impressed.  it quickly became a crowded moshpit sh**-show.  basically had great fun in the hip hop room from 10pm - midnight.9$ Fiji water is bull.  minus 1 star.  prehydrate with gatorade-bacardi before you come in
1	Alright Ill start by prefacing this with the fact that I have been going to clubs for a very long time and this includes a great deal of Vegas clubs.  I don't buy tables so you are getting the "average citizen" experience review:Summary: This place is HORRIBLE on every level except the music and lights.First of all they LET WAY TOO MANY PEOPLE IN, and I am going by vegas standards.  YOU CANNOT MOVE after 12.  There are two dance floors or maybe I should call them "stand floors."  I mean most clubs get overcrowded but this one takes the cake.Second of all the bouncers are THE WORST.  I mean they won't even let you stand in one place if its ANYWHERE NEAR a walkway.  Did I mention that everything is a walkway if its not a dance floor?  So where am I supposed to go? That pool of people on the dance floor where I will get trapped forever?  Oh wait, I can't because the bouncer already blocked the main entrance to the floor. . . because its too crowded . . . So I guess I have to just constantly scoot around shoulder to shoulder with hundreds of people.  Third, this venue is way overpriced for how small and maze-like it is, marquee and XS are so much more open and there are actually places to chill and relax, talk, or dance at those other venues.Only consolation is that music,  lights and special effects are good but nothing special compared to the other big clubs in vegas.  . . . My advice, avoid this overblown attempt at making money in a small standing cave that they call a nightclub.
1	Horrible experience here.I believe there is a problem with the MGM managment (or whoever manages both Hakkasan and their dayclub counterpart Wet Republic) because me and my friends were here on Cinco De Mayo weekend and had a Horrible experience with the Bouncers at both clubs.Wet Republic:Line for the girls (we had 8 girls on the guestlist) was over 2 hours.Line for the guys (3 guys who bought presale tickets) was over 1 hour.Bouncer tried to kick two of the girls out of line for being 'drunk' when in reality everybody was f-ing sobered up by then cus we were already in line over 2 hours.Enough about Wet Republic since this a review of Hakkasan.Hakkasan:WORST BOuncers EVER.To be fair we didnt even go inside Hakkasan so i cant say for the club itself, but the REASON we didnt get in is cus of the doucehbag Bouncers.Generally unpleasant attitude, unhelpful, and they seem to want to just ruin your night as their primary goal.This one douchebag bouncer would not let one of the girls in our group in for what he thought was a 'fake ID'. This retard clearly doesnt have a brain to process the images his eyes are seeing because she is CLEARLY the person on her ID, the licesnse was Clearly NOT FAKE, she is 26 years old, and weve been to vegas countless of times and have had no problems at all. The guys were on the guestlist and yet STILL were required to pay $100!!!! just to get in.ARE U kidding me, presale tickets are $75 and u charge $100 for a GUESTLIST price? Retarded.We decided to just bounce and party elsewhere instead of getting ripped off by Hakkasan and their retarded bouncers.Go Fu*k yourself Hakkasan Management because were not coming back here again. GOnna try LIGHT nightclub next time that sounds legitt.
1	So I backslid into HK (sounded way dirtier than I planned on) because friends were in town and since now you can't just shove them to the front of the lion exhibit and slink away to that back Starbucks by rain forest ( now you know the secret no line Starbucks your welcome) so on this  casino trek, they just "had" to go inside Hakkasan. Kudos HK as your siren call still works on the out of towners...so basically everyone! So as a good sport and allowing them to make their own judgements we ventured in , now they were very impressed at the expedited entry and politeness of the staff on entry, which so was I BUT, I did get the Vegas nod and man hug/back pat from a host so thats the reason behind the quick in. The line and wait seemed pretty gruesome. For the most part my friends are some how interlinked in the business from financial club/hotel guys which were present to now retired trophy wife -ex-cocktail server (didn't mean to out you, just point of reference for the folks at home), the jokes began quickly...why does the elevator look like a tanning bed?, this place is huge but why does it look like the death star? trophy wife in mega heels misses a step bangs into the sharp/limestone looking steps, small cut, profanities fly she turns into a Gila monster and this club has now become her worst enemy ( we are in minute 16) "Why are there no good looking dudes?" , your married..."So??", "Mores steps just F!@K me now and save me the pain!!" "How can you have 5 rooms one worse than the other!" "No wonder this is a sausage fest what girl wants to come in here! I have an ipod who plays Calvin Harris at the hotel" ... as the pressure began to build into hakkasan and more bodies and more asian guys began to shuffle in front of her we had to remove her from the area and once again slid out of HK without insulting industry folks and feeling like I needed a shower from manhandling and being manhandled by the sworm of dudes lingering out of the side bar. Music was still pretty on point I must say hence the 1 star for music and entry, technically I should give you another since this time its didnt cost me and the kids 3.5k....But I had to hear Trophy rant and rave for an hour after in the car and lobby bar so i had to take it off, sorry i dont make the rules. Keep your chin up HK somewhere there is an Asian kid working in front of his bathroom mirror on the perfect shuffle dying to come show you his moves!
2	BAD: - Guestlist lines were confusing and ridiculously long. There's a ladies and a general, we don't know which way we want to go if the girls can go in first or we need to stay with the guys to have the even girl guy ratio.- Stairs EVERYWHERE and I mean it. Not only are there long ass dangerous concrete stairs to connect 3rd, 4th, and 5th floors, but on the 4th main floor, there were up and down steps all around the back. Unavoidable. That means if you want to get a drink or go to the bathroom you had to walk on steps. No wonder they sell flip flops in the bathroom.- No outdoor area. Other popular clubs like XS, Marquee, Tao, Pure? all have outdoors area to chill, hear the music, see a Vegas view. Hakkasan lacked this which meant it was stuffy and smokey as hell. The whole place was so dark you feel like you're in a dungeon the whole time. Wouldn't be surprised to have girls fall on their face on the steps - Small main dancefloor. This is #1 come on, you hire such good talent and charge guys a ridiculous price and theres not really room to see the dj? The floor was maybe a little wider left to right than Marquee but not as long front to back way.. if that makes sense. So you wouldn't get the whole stage view if you weren't front middle to back middle. And the left and right entrances to the dancefloors were poorly designed because 1/3 was to go into the tables area, so ppl would fall into the flimsy railing area or not know which way to go. At least Marquee had clearly designed wide walkways leading into the dancefloor that is a half-wall on the left and right so you won't fall into the table area or anything. - Little room to see the dj. So the floor is out because theres not enough room to walk in and out from the left and right walkways, too crowded (I'm sure in the middle of the dancefloor there is a good space because ppl give up midway and push their way back.) But there's no other spots to see the dj because everyone at the tables that surround the dancefloor is fucking standing up and blocking the view. Like the little up and down steps in the back? The good thing is people lean against the railings and theyll have a view. There were ppl pouring over every railing, mini-balcony, half-wall, behind tables-areas just so they can see the dj. This was the most upsetting because we all came to see the talent and people had to settle for standing on a step and leaning on the railing in order to get "a good spot." Marquee is considered too small and packed but at least wherever you are you can see the dj and not be blcoked by people standing up from tables (because all the tables were in front middle.) The 5th floor balcony definitely can't see the stage because all the tables are in front of the railings, blocking the "regular" people standing in the back.- No water. $10 for small Fiji bottle, no tap water, and no water fountains. Bitches trying to rip us off. - Complicated layout. Stairs to go to 3rd, 4th, and 5th floors were not near each other, no signs, no way to know where to go or where anything is. GOOD:- Sound system, lights, and background stage designs were good. Dj and music were good and up to expectations. Did Tiesto play from 1-4am or maybe longer?- Bouncers are nice, kindly directing you to the stairs or bathrooms, which is very important because of the confusing layout. I must have asked them a question like 10 times and they were so patient. - 3rd floor is a hip hop room and played late 90s to 2000 era, pretty good. But does it close at 12am? Sigh..- TABLES. The only time to go to hakkasan, SERIOUSLY, is if you get a table. They have the best views, there are many, and you can sit. Basically the people in the tables ruined it for the rest because they would block all the views, in my opinion. CONCLUSION:Hakkasan is trying to appeal to the richer crowd, people who are willing to throw down money for tables. If you don't get one and don't go to the dancefloor early, you may not enjoy yourself.
2	Considering it's Memorial Day weekend, many friends were in town and wanted to check out this new hotspot. So, I had emailed a host regarding the pricing of tables.And lemme tell you that you might have to take a seat after hearing their quotes:4 people for $7,500. Not including 40% tip and tax. You see that ----- FORTY PERCENT TIP AND TAXSo, basically $10,000. Can you believe that!? 10Gs.And I believe this is a table upstairs. Imagine the ones on the floor.And if you get a table in the lounge, you can't see the main floor. Ridic.I know this is Vegas and you pay a ridiculous about for bottles that cost less than a hundred bucks. And pay for a place to sit. But, c'mon.40% is completely ridiculous.
5	I went here opening night with a friend of mine. The line was very long, but I didn't wait in it because I somehow convinced my friend to hold my spot while I gambled. Deadmau5 was playing and we got in right as he went on. The entire place is amazing, definitely one of the top clubs in LV, and maybe the world. It had a great ambiance and just put you in a good mood. It is expensive, though. Cover was $75/ea, and drinks were about $13/ea. If you're looking for an awesome one-of-a-kind experience, check this place out... but have a couple drinks beforehand so you don't go broke.
4	Hakkasan is an amazing nightclub!It's new and modern with several floors to cater to your type of music.  I would consider this one of the best nightclubs I've attended in years.  Then again I don't go out clubbing as much as I used to.  However, I'm sure this is definitely one of the more well laid out clubs.  Overall, there was definitely enough space for the large crowd.  My favorite - is the bar staff; well done.  Drinks were popping out left and right, before I finish and BAM, another one in my hands already.   When it flows that fast people generally drink more, funny thing as I know I spent some $$, but where'd all my drinks go.  Needless to say, the atmosphere and the music gets you going and I just kept on buying drinks for me and everyone else!  Damn you Hakkasan developers!  Got me again this time! - Enjoy!
5	I must admit that I read the reviews and I was a bit apprehensive.  However, me and my gf went for Calvin Harris on Saturday and let me say we had an amazing experience.While I understand the sentiment by some (e.g., stairs, rude staff, and pricey), I feel that if you want to attend a top club with top talent then you must understand you will have to pay some money. Most importantly it eliminates the riff raff. You buy what you get.  And we (me and my gf) are perfectly fine with it. Granted we all want to have bottle services, but you will have to shell out a lot of cash.  Anyhow, we stayed at the MGM (West Wing) which conveniently was close to the entrance of the club.  I purchased pre-sale tickets on the day it went on sale (back on April 24 I believe).  Biggest advice I can give everyone who is planning to go on a Holiday weekend: Purchase the tickets the day it goes on sell.  The longer you wait the more expensive it will get. We arrived around 930 and at first we were a bit confused. There's already a long ass line. However, there were some lovely looking ladies with signs trying to control the traffic flow. There's basically three lines: General Admission (highly inadvisable), Guest List (I must admit don't know what's that about), and finally Pre-Sale Tickets (Highly advisable). A very nice bouncers asked us if we had pre-sale tickets, and I told him yes (I showed him the tickets). He then led us to another line that had "Pre-Sale Tickets" and he told us this is where we belonged. The line was very short and within 10 minutes we were in the club.  The bouncers did scrutinized our ID's, but my lady went in with no problem and I used my military ID card. It pays when you are in your 30's, no hassles, you are veterans of the club scene, and we are here to see a top DJ. Once inside we were led to the elevators. This caught me by surprise as I was expecting to endure three flights of stairs.  I guess if you have pre-sale tickets they rectified the complaints of using stairs. Or maybe the people that wrote their reviews didn't pay pre-sale tickets. Once we arrived inside the club it is simply amazing. Michael Woods was spinning as the pre-cursor before Calvin did his set . Good mixes and beautiful women. The women to men ratio is high. So guys if you are here to meet quality women this is your chance. But come correct guys.The drinks ARE pricey. Two drinks (Bombay sapphire and tonic and Grey goose and tonic) around 30 bucks. I also had a shot of Don Julio 1942 for $50. The Fiji water is pricey, but I didn't care. I was here to have a good time. It was crowded but it's expected for Calvin Harris. His set was amazing. First time we've seen him and we were very impressed. Overall, the club is very nice, trendy, and classy. Granted it's only one time that I have been here, but I guess is different when you purchase pre-sale tickets and you are accompanied with your significant other. The bouncers were very helpful guiding us through the potential maze. And the use of the elevator was the kicker. You pay what you get guys and gals. We were very impressed. Kudos to MGM. Now we need to try Marquee and XS.
3	BETWEEN HAKKASAN & THE LIGHT, GO TO THE LIGHT INSTEAD.If you read through all the Yelp reviews, they all do a good job of summing up the whole experience. I had NO expectations after reading all the reviews. Here's a quick recap (pretty much what everyone else said)CONS: -Disorganized lines with tons of ppl cutting. Thanks to the reviews saying that security would lead you to the wrong line, I asked and yep, I got led to the general admission line when I was really looking for the pre-sale ticket line. -Shitload of stairs --although they do let you wait for the elevator now even if you don't have a table. But still, line was so long that I just went up the endless amounts of stairs-The layout is like a main hub with a random side hub that looks more like the restaurant. The main hub area looks like the inside of a spider's nest haha.-Dance floor is total shit. No regulation whatsoever on people accessing it (at least Marquee restricts you from going to the dance floor when it gets too packed). It was so hot and packed that I literally almost passed out. -Nowhere to sit and they keep making you move. -$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$. Geez, even XS doesn't charge this much and they're the best clubs in Vegas hands down. PROS (if you call it that): -The random side area looks more like the restaurant area and the ventilation was FANTASTIC. I will say that much. The wall with the waterfall had some really good ventilation. I'm being totally serious. It was like a mini AC area. I hung out here a lot. -Good DJ line-up. This is basically their only saving grace. -The staff was actually very courteous and friendly. Despite all the other missteps of this place, the staff was surprisingly one of the nicest staff I've met. Everyone was polite and not the usual scream-at-your-face type of security. So, big kudos on that one. Yes, I know the guy checking IDs is super hardcore and anal but man, if it keeps out the little kiddies, then I'm all for them being uptight about your IDs. Even if they didn't believe that I was me. The most telling sign this place was a letdown? There were TONS of people leaving at only 2AM (us included). On the way down in the elevator, the security guy asked "Did everyone have a good time?" All 15 people in the elevator said "NO!" at the same time. So sad.
2	Memorial Day weekend 2013 - Aoki/Deadmau5Pre-sale tickets male $100 / Female $40I had high hopes for Hakkasan. I went with my girlfriend and we were disappointed with everything except the music. Steve Aoki and Deadmau5 were the only thing that saved the night. Every single force outside of them was trying to ruin our night.  After an amazing memorial day weekend at Wet Republic with Tiesto and Marquee Day/Night club for Kaskade, Hakkasan was just... lacking.The Bad:- We had pre-sale tickets, yet we were forced to wait 2 hours to get in. This is not an exaggeration, if you show up at 11:30, you're going to have a bad time. Once we were inside we saw that there was plenty of room to walk around and there was absolutely no reason for the wait. I've been to XS and Marquee with both table service and pre-sale tickets and I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes to get in. This was a terrible way to start off the night. When we finally did get in, Steve Aoki was just coming on at 1:30. Later after talking with a few other friends who got in through the guest line, we found out that they only had to pay $70 and they got in at the same time as us. Why did I spend $100 for my ticket to be let in at the same time?- The drinks were absolutely terrible and they cost $18+. At one point I just gave up and just ordered a screwdriver, biggest mistake. The OJ was not fresh, it was watered down minute maid garbage. For a club that promotes the best of the best, how do you fuck that up?- Water cost $9 and they give you an extremely small bottle. It was the end of the night, I finished my bottle of water but I needed more. After dropping $300 on drinks and closing out, I didn't feel like opening a new tab for another $9 bottle of water. I decided to fill up my bottle in the bathroom and the attendants start griefing me. I throw a dollar in their plate but they say they're going to get security. I've never seen a bathroom attendant freak out over water before in my life. I stopped, apologized, and threw away the bottle, but the attendant walks out with me and tells a security guard what went down. The security gave zero fucks about the water because I threw it away already and I just kept walking. Why are there 4 bathroom attendants in such a small space? Why do they care if you drink tap water from a bottle you already paid for? - The layout is completely wack. They close off the dance floor if it gets too crowded and then the people standing at the tables surrounding the dance floor completely block everyone's view. I have no problem with the dance floor being closed off, it's just where do you go once it's closed? Everything is tables everywhere. I actually felt bad for the tables not lined along the dance floor though. Their view was almost completely blocked by people standing on tables, people in between the isles, and pillars that are supporting the structure. The sound also does not carry very well to tables in the back. Be warned, those tables in the back dropped at least $10,000 and they had a blocked view of the stage and the sound was average at best. We tried to see if we could get a better view from the top floor, but the balcony is lined with tables as well. In the end they opened the dance floor back up for Deadmau5 and we were able to go down and watch. - Stairs and ramps everywhere. I saw 4 girls slip and fall throughout the night. Two of them were on the ramp going down to the dance floor and the other two slipped on stairs but caught themselves before completely falling. Be careful girls.The Good:-The Talent. In the past 5 years I've seen Steve Aoki a total of 11 times. It's been amazing watching his music and his sets grow to what it is now. It was an epic set and he absolutely killed it. Deadmau5 was also absolutely amazing. He played a lot of new chill tracks for the first hour. Then he put on his gold mousey helm and started rockin with his old stuff. These guys were the only reason to be there.-The people there, everyone we met was really friendly and dressed to the 9s/10s.-The energy level of the crowd during Aoki's set. But you can get this at any of the top clubs in Vegas.Summary:The amount of money spent by myself and everyone around us should be more than enough to fix the quality of the drinks, the lines, and the attitudes of the people working there. These are 100% management problems and can easily be corrected. I want to like Hakkasan, I enjoy the idea that there's an upscale club with my favorite artists playing every weekend. But I can't recommend this to anyone. I think we'll wait for a while before returning.Side note, we saw Tito Ortiz there. I checked out his Twitter account and it looks like he got the shaft as well with his table service. He waited for an hour, they charged him 40% gratuity, and they didn't let half of his crew in. If a guy like Tito gets bad service, what are you going to get? http://tinyurl.com/qgm5vn5
3	Thurs night of Memorial Day. Laidback Luke.  Girls got in free. Guys pre-paid $30. We waited less than 10 minutes in line when we got there before 10:30pm. The dance floor of the main room is small. It got crowded really fast. Our group happen to be along the edge of the dance floor, next to the roped off area for the tables. Everybody and their mother used that portion of the dance floor as a walk way. The dance floor got so crowded there was no place to move, so you just stand there.Like everybody says, there are random ramps and stairs everywhere, so ladies, be careful! Just go to Hakkasan once to check it off the list, then go back to XS or Tryst.
3	I went for deadmau5 on the preview/opening night and I can't really say I was impressed. The club itself is nice and everything, but it's Vegas, it's supposed to be over the top nice, so that alone doesn't win me over. I'll be there for Hardwell during EDC week, so maybe I'll update my review afterwords. First thing that is horrible is the dance floor is TINY. It's literally about the size of an average non Vegas club, but they're packing in Vegas numbers. Prices were expensive as well, most I've paid in any bar outside of LIV in Miami, including all of the other big Vegas clubs. The overall design of the place just seems like a massive failure IMO. I didn't wait at all in line to get in with my presale, and all of the staff was super helpful, so that's great change from the douche vibe you get from the staff at Marquee. Truth be told, without their summer residencies, this place would fail. If they can keep signing big talent, then it will continue to pull people in. Light has them beat in everything else though, and I expect big things there if they can reach out and grab a bit more talent.
3	I really wanted to like this place since it's new and I was looking for a new fun hotspot.  I went the Sunday of Memorial weekend (Steve Aoki and Deadmau5 night) and the headliners came on super late. The lighting and sound system at the dance floor area was nice. I thought it was a bit small/cramped and lacked an outdoor area. It reminded me of a small Tao in terms of how dark it is, having little side rooms/areas, and lacked an outdoor area. A few people complained about the stairs but I didn't think it was that bad. They weren't narrow or anything at least. I go to Las Vegas yearly and have checked out most of the big clubs and I definitely prefer XS and Marquee over Hakkasan. I was underwhelmed.
4	On my final night for MDW 2013 we went to Hakkasan to watch Hardwell!For this event I also bought a pre-sale ticket, that had it's own line, and it moved quite quickly.  After being escorted through what seemed like a mini-maze and a few more "check points" Hakkasan patrons are then put into an elevator where you ascend to the main dance floor.The main floor is similar to Marquee, but just bigger.  The DJ is in the middle with the dance floor, VIP tables, and walk way circling around it.  Thankfully the night I went wasn't as crazy so we were able to get in and out of the dance floor with no problem.There are a lot of ramps and small steps with narrow hallways so I can easily see those being a problem (choke points) when it nears capacity.The lighting is great, the most notable are the integrate lights on the ceiling that look like veins and pulse to the music.  I'm also glad that whatever speakers Hakkasan uses didn't make my ears ring for nearly 24 hours after we left the club.All in all, check this club out!  But also expect the typical hoops and "politics" people, mainly guys, have to deal with it when it gets busy.
4	My friends and I went to Hakkasan on MDW, to go see Deadmau5. One of their friends works there and had said he could get our group in gratis. When we arrived the guy told the lone male of the group that the cover charge was $100 dollars, damn! He paid up (what was he going to do) and we were in in less than 15 minutes.The place is swanky! Yes, there are a ton of stairs but luckily I had planned my outfit accordingly and I was wearing flats. The group I was with love dancing till the wee hours, so I knew I had to come prepared. We got in around 11ish and danced for a while before deciding to go to the bathroom. At this point, they weren't letting anybody else on the dance floor so I made a point to reach out to one of the employees standing guard that I was leaving, and he said sure no problem.We didn't realize it but Steve Aoki was going on first, before Deadmau5. I've heard of Aoki, but since clubbing and EDM is not really my scene I didn't know what to expect. Holy cow, the guy is crazy! He really knows how to work a crowd! He threw cakes to the ground, rode around on a raft with the crowd carrying him, and sprayed champagne all over the place.... I'm glad I was not at the front. He also has a great light show and cool dancers with him. You can tell a lot of thought goes into the performance. I just read that even the servers outfits were designed by him. They also played some crazy videos of him partying and I felt like I was watching a Behind the Music with Guns N Roses. Without a doubt, DJ's are the new rock stars. Deadmau5 came on at 4 and he started out kind of slow. We were all kind of pumped after Aoki's antics that it took people a while to get going again. We left a little after 5, with our feet super tired but very happy. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed myself. I would definitely return to see Aoki.
1	THE. WORST. NIGHTCLUB. EVER!!WARNING:::  40% GRATUITY  M-A-N-D-A-T-O-R-Y!!!!  Served to you by broke ass cocktail bitches. Probably rejects who couldn't even get a job at the Imperial Palace.  They kick you out of your booth when you're done drinking, unless you continue to order more and more bottles. The staff also helps you deplete your bottles by routinely coming by, pouring your drinks, and then coming by to collect the glasses even though they're still full.  The whole time I was here, I felt so untrusting.. like I had to watch my back at all times.. I would have rather blown it all at the tables.  It would have been more fun betting it all on one hand than to party all night at a shit-hole place like this.  At least I would have drank for free, and had my room comped....I hated this place, what a huge disappointment, unless you're a fan of climbing stairs.  The dance floor was super tiny, maze-like interior.  However I do have to concur with another reviewer.  This would make a super awesome laser tag arena, with a boss level on the top floor.They should close down this nightclub, so the DJ's can go back to playing at real venues like XS or Marquee.  Hakkasan anyone??  NO THANK YOU.
1	HOLY CRAP  I don't write reviews at ALL, but if I can give ZERO stars I would. I was very excited to see this new club in Vegas when we went for the long weekend (I went memorial day weekend Saturday night) with a few friends. First off, they almost didn't let me in because I bought my ticket off of my friend's sister who couldn't make it. I had the confirmation email with my name on it. The girl checking me in rolled her eyes, stared at me dead in the face and said--with a terrible attitude I might add, all she needed was to move her neck from side to side and I was about to take off my hoops and throw down--"HOW DO I KNOW YOU DIDN'T HACK INTO THAT EMAIL TO GET INTO THE CLUB"UMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM BIATCH please. I'm sorry to break it to you honey, but your club ain't important enough for me to be learnin how to hack into people's email just for a fuckin $40 ticket okay. BETCH IT AIN'T DAT SERRRIOUS.So I went and complained to another girl who finally let me in. Then when they started checking IDs, they wouldn't let one of my friends in because they said he didn't look like his ID. The guy is almost 30! We asked 5 other securities if he looked like him (including cops by the way) and they all said he just looked darker in the picture. When my friends tried to reason with them, they just turned around, COMPLETELY ignored them, and started talking to eachother.WHO RAISED YOU BOY!?!? Show some respect! You know, we get drunk, and we can get drunk ANYWHERE. We can see that DJ ANYWHERE. The only thing that separates one club from another, is the atmosphere and the service so F**** THIS CLUB.So the next night. We dropped money at the Wynn and bought bottle service there. Way to go Steve Wynn. SUCK ON THAT HAKKASAN! YOU CAN KEEP MY $40 AND BUY YOURSELF AN ATTITUDE ADJUSTMENT.
4	OONTZ OONTZ UNCE UNCE OONTZ BOOM BOOM BAM BAM BOOM BASS BASS OONTZ OONTZ LIGHTS LIGHTS LIGHTS CROWDS CROWDS STAIRS STAIRS DRINKS DRINKS DRUNK DRUNK POPPED A MOLLY IM SWEATING WOOOOO SHUFFLE SHUFFLE DRINK DRINK OONTZ OONTZ UNCE DRUNK DRUNK DRUNK GOOD NIGHT!That's pretty much what I remember from that night. Came here to see Tiesto. New fancy spot so it was crowded. Didn't have a problem getting in since we bought our tickets online for the performance. EDM is everywhere in Vegas. Don't worry peeps, they have a hip hop level too if you want to get your twerk on!I also remember these dudes challenged me to a shuffle battle. Don't everrrrrr do that!! The battle circle opened up, some dude dusted off the confetti from the floor and called me out. A little shuffle shuffle action and that was it. Good times!I'd come back but it only depends on which DJ will be performing that night. Tix can be a little pricey but totally worth it.
4	You know what? This place ain't half bad. At least not as bad as how all the reviewers have been making it look like. But it seems like everyone is bitching about the general "inexperience" of the security staff above anything else. I got let in pretty quickly and even had a nerdy stocky lady bouncer give phone directions to my friends over my phone without attitude or trouble.If you read my other reviews, you know it's very difficult for me to speak positively on stuff like this in general. So congratulations Hakkasan! You didn't piss me off! And you put a smile on my face!Asians almost never smile!However, we did have comped tables thanks to a friend that has close connections with the senior staff in this venue. So I am reviewing this place based on a pretty concise VIP treatment. Our host is fairly attentive and so is her busser. Never, once, have I ever needed to ask her to fill my drink when I was going dry. Which was a issue I had at 1-Oak where I had to fill my own glasses.The best way I can describe Hakkasan is that it's just like Tao. It has a Asian theme, and has a restaurant downstairs. However, it is not as douchy as Tao. Now given, I seen a few catfights between girls jump off right in front of me in the hip hop room, and this being my first day, it does embarass and make the club look bad. But hey, at least I didn't get into a fight for the bathroom line like I did in Tao (read my Tao review), because there are more than FOUR bathrooms with NO LINES!Another reviewer is complaining about the "bitchiness" of Asian girls in the club. Personally, I never had this problem because not only do I NOT talk to random Asian girls that are looking for their rich White Knight with a green card, but I have my own friend circle of hot Asians with me :p The key is building your hot friend networks OUTSIDE the party scene, because anyone who thinks that they can get laid on the first night of meeting a girl at a club will just catch a nasty case of herpes, and HIV if they are unfortunate (:I enter the club with people I know, and leave the club with the same folks. And for anyone I met that night, ill hit them up the next day after giving them time to think about me (:That's how you stay safe, and not missing any kidneys the next morning!
3	I guess this place deserves another review/chance since it does say I have two check ins here after I said that my return factor was only 50%. The only purpose for my second visit was for a friends 21st birthday party after a guy working there (who will rename unnamed) said that we could get a table with 8 girls on a Sunday night. Keep in mind: we are all locals and Sunday IS industry night. So, he SAID we could get a comped table, the day of said no problem (at 5pm) and at 8pm decided to bail out. No apology and no reason. We decided to go in anyways cause by that time it was too late to get on a guest list anywhere else. And man, the line was much longer than it was opening day. After waiting what seemed like an eternity I'm glad the staff or management had a change of heart cause I didn't have to pretend I was in work-out clothes hiking up four flights of stairs, they let us take the elevator!! (yay)My experience here the second time was a LOT more fun. Probably because I came with a big group of pretty gal's and we were able to swoop in on some tables. Jk, but seriously. I think they were also able to work out some of the kinks and everything just seemed to go a lot smoother. Hosts were "recruiting" girls into more exclusive areas which made the experience a lot more memorable.One thing that really confuses me is all of the other nice nightclubs in Vegas have toiletries for girls - perfume, tissues, deodorant if necessary. Hakkasan had none of these..and for a nightclub that is trying to run XS out of business, you are not doing a very good job. (Just saying)Hakkasan Las Vegas is doing a lot better now than they were doing in April but can still use some improvement. I have another friend who is visiting in July and is DYING to see Calvin Harris so stay tuned for another review..hopefully it will be four stars the next time around.
1	I have never been more disappointed and felt more disrespected at a venue until this Memorial Day weekend (Saturday) trying to get into Hakkasan.  The staff we've encountered were unprofessional and carried this attitude as if they were better than anyone.  Two things happened this night that has left such a bad lasting impression that I will probably never set foot there again and spend a dime there and that is all because of the staff.First incident - We all bought presale tickets.  My sister wasn't able to go so my friend bought the ticket off her and had the email confirmation printed out.  The girl who was checking tickets accused my friend of hacking into the account to get my sister's ticket.  Seriously?  Who says that?  We had the confirmation with my friend's name transferred on there and it clearly matches her ID and the girl was being so rude we talked to another girl who noticed the situation and basically told us to not mind that girl and took one look at the ticket and let my friend in without question.Second Incident - The "head of security", I believe his name is "Chris", checked my boyfriend's ID and took one look and said "that's not you, you can't go in."  My boyfriend is turning 30 this year.  Yes, his ID picture was taken in high school and he looks darker and a bit skinnier in his ID but his face structure and everything looks just like him.  We tell the security that we can tell you the information on the ID and even showed other credit cards with my boyfriend's name on it and the guy simply responded "I can take someone's ID and remember their information in 10 minutes too."  We told him we wanted to escalate to the manager and he said he is the manager, which is complete bull because no manager would have let this happen.  He wouldn't even give him a chance so we went and asked 5 other security guards if the ID looks like him and all agreed.  We went back to the "head of security" and said we just asked 5 other people that works here and they all said it looks like him--why are YOU the only one giving us a hard time?  And he said "because it's not him in the ID."  Are you kidding me?  Who do you think you are?  We were so shocked and upset that we didn't even want to go in anymore so we asked for a refund.  He would not give us a refund and said we had to get it online which is also complete bull and then completely turned his head and started chatting with his friend as if we didn't exist.Absolutely terrible.  I'm in awe.  As upset as I am though, I do not wish Hakkasan failure--I hope management reads this review so they realize their staff is mistreating customers with utmost disrespect and belittling them and train their staff to be more professional and respectful.  Try getting some tips from Surrender because that's where we went the following night and honest to God, have never been more impressed with their level of customer service.
1	$9 bottle of water.  Enough said.This place is way overpriced, too crowded, and not worth the long wait to get in.
1	If you're gay, even if you want to see a resident DJ, stay away. My partner and I went to see Calvin Harris over Memorial Day weekend and yes, I was a little tipsy and wanted to dance with my partner, also male. The bouncers were hovering over us as if to harass us or scare us away and did this with numerous gay couples or parties that were in attendance. They would push us aside to let the ladies pass through, but would keep us as close to the barriers as possible. Also, the layout is just horrible. They have three levels of booths meant for bottle service that are blocked off and RARELY being used and you cannot stand near or, again, the bouncers get involved, even if you're simply waiting in line to get a drink (well drinks, even if it is Grey Goose, start at $18, so be prepared to pay a pretty penny while there; I suggest going to Centrifuge, first, and pre-drink for half the cost, but don't show yourself tipsy in line or they'll kick you out for an hour and tell you to sober up before letting you back in; yes, I witnessed this). Overall, not pleased with this experience and could not believe the lack of tolerance. Girl on girl dancing is perfectly acceptable, of course, but to pay $100/ticket in advance to see a world-class DJ spin and to be treated in such a way, is just piss-poor and I hope they learn that this is unacceptable. Additionally, remove the first level of booths that go right up to the dance floor, taking up valuable space when the booths aren't even being used (too expensive, I assume). When we left around 2am, we counted all of three booths out of at least 50+ that were being used. Waste ... of ... space, time and money.
3	This place is not bad mainly because I came with a big group and we had a comped table on the hip hop floor. The decor is great and the staff was pretty friendly. I came up to one of the security guards and he greeted me right away with a "how can I help you sir." The only problem I had with Hakkasan was that the main stage becomes packed like sardines when Calvin Harris came on. Once that happened, you could hardly even dance without people constantly bumping into you. I tried to make the most of it when Calvin Harris was on deck, but it just became unbearable. Also, the stairs were decently lit so I don't know what most yelpers were complaining about.Overall, I still prefer XS over Hakkasan.
5	Hakkasan At The MGM Is By Far My Favorite Club In Vegas! It Has An Awesome Set Up Great Sound System And Lights With The LED Background Will Have You Tripping Out (If You Know What I Mean) So If Your In The 702 Go To Hakkasan #JoshieApproved #JoshieThoughts #ThatsRight #SenorVegasDoesntLie #JustSayin
1	The customer service here is appalling.  I purchased presale tickets and experienced the most pretentious and demeaning treatment I personally have ever endured trying to enter any nightclub.  Shae, the employee in charge of the presale line, acted completely and utterly annoyed that she had to allow my party into the venue.  When I was trying to show her the digital copy of my tickets she rolled her eyes and treated me like I was some moron and not a paying customer.  (FYI Shae, I may not be as tech savy as you are but I do actually have a Masters degree and a good paying professional career, so I'm probably not as dumb as you think).  In Vegas there are many equivalent options such as Marquee, XS, Haze to spend my hard earned money.  Oh, and Shae would be fired at many businesses for the terrible service and attitude.
4	There's really not much for me to say here. our host gave us super great customer service. VIP service was superb and the only reason why i gave this place 4 stars is because the pricing was just krazy high. But I still would come back here because of good music and with great company.
2	Me and a few of my friends decided to check out HK this past weekend for Tiesto. We had heard about the new club ever since last year. But I don't believe it lived up to its name. It is a large venue but scale is the only thing it has going for it. There is no intamacy or exclusiveness to it... its just one big hall. I felt as if I was at webster hall in new york and not a vegas nnightclub. Tiesto was great but hk wasn't.
3	Went here on a Thursday - definitely the latest mega club in Vegas!Find me in the  Hip Hop/Top 40 room -  Very rare to find this music in Vegas as many clubs are EDM which I hate (no offense)This place has potential - next time gotta check it out on a weekend (Fri or Sat)Cost us $30/guy on Thurs but I heard it's over $100 on the weekend!!  I would come back here!
3	Review only for the night club.Tips:$15 for an AMF.$14 for a rum and coke.$9 for tiny bottled water, they do not offer free water from sink tap.------------------------------------------------------------------There is one large dance-floor for everyone to stand to see the DJ. There is a large upstairs, but it is not possible to see the DJ upstairs unless you have bottle service at one of the tables so I don't recommend heading upstairs for a good view.I found it incredibly mean to charge $9 for a bottle of water and not giving the option of just water from tap. As the night gets later it's impossible to from upstairs to downstairs into the large dance floor.
3	I got there at 9:50 and was in a small line bc i heard it would be packed after 11, and it didn't take long to get in. DO NOT TAKE THE STAIRS. i can't remember how many levels, but it must of been 4 or more so girls if you are wearing heels or are drunk this might be difficult... The layout is fine i was out on the dance floor. drinks are pricey but which club isnt? so you obv have to pregame, but hey if you got the money & don't care spending? go right ahead.The opening dj was terrible, and i left because there was a lot of ppl smoking and i couldn't stand the smoke. i was also kind of tired from the previous nights. so i left before calvin harris could come dj. I must of stayed at least for an hour, and when i left... the line was so long... like pass the store. i would NEVER EVER wait that long in a line for a club. and i read some reviews about how ppl paid to get into clubs. i never pay.. lol why spend money when you don't need to? the only downside of getting free admission is that you have to get there early basically when the clubs opens like 10pm. Usually the 1st hr is usually the most boring part, but hey if i can save 20-40$ i'm doing it!
4	Came on Memorial Day Weekend 2013 to check out Calvin Harris and this brand new club I've been hearing so much about in Las Vegas.We bought presale tix which were $30 for girls and $50 for guys.  I thought this was a good deal since the non-presale tix line was RIDICULOUS and it was only about 10pm.  Our line was completely empty!  Once we got in, the club was DEAD EMPTY.  I felt like we were one of only a few patrons in the whole establishment.  With a line so long, I don't know why...The club itself is very modern and cool to look at.  There's three stories:TOP LEVEL: a bar and mostly table service.  The tables overlook the dance floor and stage where Calvin Harris was playing, but unless you have a table, you can't really do much up here.  We also found out that drinks on this level were in the $17-18 range, versus cheaper prices lower.MEDIUM LEVEL: more tables with the stage and dance floor, which seems a bit small for the huge size of the club.  Again, tables line the dance floor and is tiered so they can see the stage.BOTTOM LEVEL: is where "hip hop" music is played, though we found most of their song selections to be older hip hop/R&B songs (pretty fun to reminisce, haha).  There's another smaller dance floor here where there seems to be a more "chill" vibe.  Tons of more tables encompass the rest of the floor and there's a small bar where we found we could buy drinks for $13 a piece.The three stories definitely have a cool appeal and makes the club seem sophisticated and HUGE.  However, with the three stories, that's a lot of stairs to climb for a group of girls in 5" heels!  To save on cost we were going to the bottom level bar every time we wanted a drink...so my feet and knees were SO sore by the end of the night.Another thing to note as by my mention of so many tables is that the priority really seems to be table service at this club.  My friend asked a worker how much a table costs and it STARTS at $5k!  Dayum.The CALVIN HARRIS concert was awesome.  He came on around 1:30am (my feet were so done by then) and there were so many cool effects on the dance stage like confetti and a constant laser light show!  Unfortunately, I only stayed a little while as my feet were so dead.  There really is NO PLACE TO SIT in this club.Takeaway: GORGEOUS club, brand new, and definitely poppin'!  The stairs can be a real pain (literally), but I'd definitely come back.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-nightclub-las-vegas?select=9nyo6aNP5xmsP2v8CA4CdQ#9nyo6aNP5xmsP2v8CA4CdQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-nightclub-las-vegas?select=9nyo6aNP5xmsP2v8CA4CdQ#gRN4ti4-_9bRDwy51tBqAg
3	Went here on Memorial Day weekend.... It was CROWDED. That was to be expected though, we were on the guest list and we waited in line for over an hour. It was around 11pm so maybe the line thinned out later in the night. I was super excited to go here because it was so anticipated by everyone in Vegas. I feel like I would have had a lot more fun if there wasn't a million people there... The dance floor was smaller than I imagined it to be, being the largest club in Vegas but I only was in the room Tiesto was dj-ing in. The other rooms might be bigger/less crowded. So I would say that my first impression is that it was okay, but ill probably wait a while to again so it's less crowded and I can actually get to the dance floor and actually make it to the bar without getting trampled. I also do want to come back to see Calvin Harris. The club is also a really far walk from the parking structure so be prepared to walk.
4	I'm so surprised that Hakkasan got such bad reviews! My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our time here, and it was our favorite club that we visited while we were in Vegas.This was our first trip to Vegas since turning 21, so we wanted to be safe than sorry and get the pre-sales. We bought pre-sale tickets and it was $20 for females and $30 for males. We definitely did NOT regret purchasing them because we got there at 12:15, and the non-presale ticket line was still pretty long. We got to bypass everyone and head to the front, woohoo! Also, we got to take the elevator so we avoided those nasty stairs that everyone kept talking about :)Quintino came on at about 1:30, and he was aamaaazing. The lights were SPOT ON and we had an awesome time on the floor. The layout of the club was nice - we liked it better than XS and Surrender. It got pretty hot on the floor so we decided to rest for a bit and check out the Hip Hop room. They played a lot of RnB, and it was a nice rest from the EDM. We only stayed there for about 10 minutes and then went back to the main floor and stayed until Quintino finished his set.We had an awesome time! Drinks were waay overpriced, but what club has reasonable prices? Don't be frightened by the bad reviews below, check it out yourself. We loved Hakkasan :)
2	Um, excuse me.... $16 w/o tip for a Long Island??? Holy cow. I cannot believe I paid that much for a single drink. Super disappointed that we were able to hook it up with no cover for girls with a promoter, but... no free drinks? Man, not only is Hakkasan picky about their guests (they pre-screen the girls, wtf?), they're also skimping out on us! I can understand they want to make money from drinks, but $16 is a little bit ridiculous for a drink I can easily make at home (bartender in training right hurr). I still can't believe I spent $18 for a single drink. Luckily, that was the only drink I had to pay for all weekend! There's a pretty decently-sized dance floor in the Pavillion (the main dance floor), but don't go upstairs unless you want air or have table service. There's basically no view of the stage from upstairs, but it's a good place to chill and get air before getting back onto the main floor.
2	Of all the night clubs in Vegas, I have to admit this place is not what I expected at all. I was not impressed by this club. I was really disappointed about this place. Considering this is a new club, I thought this place will surpass Marquee or XS. I was wrong. Marquee and XS are still the best clubs in Vegas. First off all, there were no blackjack tables like the other clubs in Vegas. FAIL #1.No place to get a bit of fresh air. FAIL #2No re-entry after 12am. You gotta be kidding me. I expect after paying over $150 for my BF and I, we would be able to get out for fresh air and then come back in. FAIL #3.They do not give out tap water. I had to pay $9 for a small (I mean really small) bottle of water. WTF?! FAIL #4Overall, not sure if I would give this place a second chance. If my BF and I will get in free with no cover charge, then that will be the only time I would probably come back here. I expected more. Usually clubs in Vegas, my BF and I will pay $150 for but this place was not worth that much.
1	Utterly disappointing.Will keep this somewhat short/sweet.  Pros/Cons are probably the same as everyone else that didn't love it.  I'm shocked that anyone gave it 4 or 5 stars, especially since they really had nothing incredible to say.  PROS:- Calvin Harris on 6/8.- I used the elevator.  I really don't understand all of the complaints about stairs.  - People were genuinely nice.  Table minimums that night started at $6K, so the guys at tables had to buy ridiculous amounts of alcohol to meet it.  At those minimums, everyone was very happy to share since that buys you a LOT of booze.- That's all.  Seriously.  Sooooooo underimpressed.  CONS:- This is an ugly venue.  Seriously.  When you have clubs out there like XS, Tryst, Surrender that are visually gorgeous and have outdoor areas (Steve Wynn, you are an effing genius), why would you create a boring, giant box of a nightclub?  Atmosphere is terrible, and it looks like it's been there forever.  Nothing modern about it.  The creators should honestly be embarrassed.  Also, lots of little ramps/ledges throughout.  Terrible (and unsafe!) for girls in 5 inch heels.  Watch your step ladies.- Promoters and staff at the door are awful.  As a girl, I've never had to wait.  Or pay.  At Marquee, XS, or any of the premium clubs.  By 10pm, the so called guest list line was out the door.  We didn't need to pay cover, and moved through the line at a decent clip for awhile, but reached classic "at capacity" 3 or 4 groups ahead of us.  For well over 30+ minutes.  We heard one of the girls in the group at the front ask how much longer the wait would be with no attitude.  The bouncer's first reply was "Most people would kill to be standing where you are."  Not cool dude.  Your attitude, in addition to your greasy ponytail, needs a makeover.- Water situation - it really is nonexistent.  We managed to get a barback to sneak us some tap water while we were at the bar doing a round of shots.  Bartender was really nice, but didn't budge on the no water policy.  I highly doubt that they are counting on making profits as a result of water sales, so this is just bad service.I cannot believe that they are positioning this as the hot new spot and that it's working so far.  If they didn't have the DJs that they have this year, this club would be a flop.  XS and Marquee are still much better options.  Don't waste your time on this one.  Go somewhere with a beautiful atmosphere that still brings in awesome talent.
1	0 stars, if possible.That pretty much describes my experience here over the weekend for my friend's Bachelorette. Gueslist useless= promoters worthless. We were in line from 9:30-1:30. Girls had their shoes off in line since everyone had to stand for 4 hrs. What a joke!Walked in and left within 15 mins. Felt claustrophobic inside with no ventilation like you were in a smoke filled cave and there was no way out. 5 floors but it got smaller and smaller as you walked up/down.Overrated.
3	Why I was impressed and why I won't go back.I am impressed by the magnitude, scale and spectacle of this place.  It's truly spectacular and worth a visit, just to see.  At times I felt like I was watching a live concert for a big name DJ, at times I felt like I was watching a lot of people popping Mollies while watching a live concert of a big name DJ, and at times I just caught myself looking around at the sea of people on the 4th and 5th floors.  Seriously, how many people does this place hold?  5,000? 10,000??  I couldn't really tell.So why won't I come back?  Simply put, I just don't feel safe in this place.  Here's the deal:  I am sure Las Vegas nightclubs have codes and regulations up the wazzoo and the Hakkasan folks followed them to a T.  That being said, this is a scale and magnitude never seen before.  I think my own common sense observation of the main floor was that if something went wrong we would be in a lot of trouble trying to make our way to an exit along with the deluge of humanity enclosed in the space.  The light show made me wonder what the risk of a fire was, the amount of people in the space made me realize we weren't searched by security when we came in and we were one idiot with a gun away from chaos.  Maybe I am completely paranoid, but I really thought just based on common sense that you could easily end up in a dangerous situation at this place.So all in all I was glad to have been once and seen how Vegas can one-up itself once again, but I think I'd be very apprehensive to risk going back.
1	So many people, including promoters, told me it wasn't worth it. Didn't listen, shame on me.Arrived at 10:00, and the line extended all the way outside the door. At about 11:30pm, we wasn't sure if we were going to make it, so we asked one of the guys ushering and yelling at the ladies (yes, 95% ladies) to stand in single filed lines how long they estimated the wait would be. I had a promoter that could've gotten us into other places - Light, XS, Tryst, Marquee - for free if the Hakkasan line was too long, BUT I had to tell him before 12:30pm. The guy told us 45 minutes, so we were like, oh, okay, that's not too bad.We freaking waited for 3 hrs. Apparently, the issue was because the club was at maximum capacity, sine they tried to fit about 4000 - 6000 people into the club. Alright, I guess if the club is amazingly gorgeous, it would've been worth the wait, but when I went in, my first thought was "... really?"SO many stairs, why the heck are there so many stairs even on the dance floor??? Absolutely nowhere to sit at all, we couldn't even go to the front to see Calvin Harris because they had tables there and they were blocked off for the rich and mighty. And after a 3 hr wait, our feet were killing us so badly we couldn't even enjoy the music and left after an hr. No, no, no no no.The only good thing was that some girls working there were handing out white chocolate balls with ice cream. Other than that... me sad, me miss XS, me go there next time. It would've been great to see Harris, but honestly, when I'm drunk, I can't tell whether the DJ is Harris or Boi2chainz.
1	Don't even bother going through guest list. We waited over 2 hours, half of that was in  the hot humid weather cause the line went out the door. We got there at 9:30 and it was obvious that we wouldn't make the guest list (Ends at midnight) but luckily we knew someone who got us in. We get in and literally could not move. It was extremely packed and hot.
4	Alright alright, I'll admit that my 2nd visit to Hakkasan was MUCH better than my first.  We had a connection with a friend who works there, but he wasn't working the door so I was a little nervous it would be a zoo when we got there, but we went straight to the expedited line like we were instructed and amidst all the chaos, someone who worked there approached us and asked very nicely how he could help us.  Turns out he was my friend's boss, Gaz.  He was so nice and we joked about CrossFit as he walked us into the right line and he gave us each a drink ticket on the house.  We got in right away and though it was a zoo, we took the elevator and went straight up to the main room where we got our free drinks and then walked around.  We found some friends who had an awesome table and ended up sitting with them until Dada Life came on.  It was a spectacular show and view and we have a an awesome time.  It was just a really good atmosphere and we had so much fun.  I'd definitely go back.
4	One of the most hyped clubs since last year has been the Hakkasan. When I was at WMC this year in Miami, I saw cab after cab advertising for this place. After a month goes by, I heard many reviews both positive and negative and I thought the only way to find out is to go see it for myself. On this particular trip, I will be doing a preview and comparison between two of the newest mega nightclubs that Vegas has built to cater to the EDM crowd.  My other review will be on the Light at Mandalay Bay. Located at the MGM Grand, the prime real estate serves as a convenient spot for the South end strip dwellers. Most of the younger crowd ends up staying at hotels around this area to be close to all the clubs without spending a fortune on cabs.  I didn't get checked into my hotel at the Platinum (by Ballys) until 9:30 and somehow I had enough to get changed in my Vegas bests (tie, vest and the whole 9 yards) and still make it to the club by 10:45.  I had a fairly good ratio of females with me and I had already texted my long time host which worked at Wet Republic, Thomas to get me us in.As I approached the club, it was a zoo surrounding the place. Also the guest list line wrapped around the building and into the hallway where the stores are. Finding Thomas was almost impossible, especially when he caters to mostly the higher end clientele and was probably busy seating one of his 25K min tables that he sold on that particular night. Thomas directed me to someone else that worked the ropes at the front, and he was able to get our group of ladies in smoothly. The process after getting past the ropes didn't last more than 5 mins after the bouncers checked your credentials for entry. I physically set foot in the club at about 11:15 PM, and the dance floor was still not crowded. I managed to get a quick tour of the entire place and found a few sweet spots where the bass hit very well. Surprisingly the sound on the dance floor itself is not as loud as the second level. Another thing I notice is that the crowd tends to flow from the right side of the dance floor. If you are entering the dance floor, you would probably have an easier time staying on the left without being bumped into.  By midnight, all bets are off for free movement on the dance floor. One of the gripes I read a lot on the other reviews was that there are too many stairs. I did not find this to be an issue at all. If you are comparing the stairs that are at Marquee, these are just baby steps. There is also an elevator that takes you to two places, the exit or the downstairs hip hop room. The guys working the elevator specifically tell you where they are going, so make sure you take the right one.So finally I decided I had enough with getting bumped into with the sub-standard opening EDM acts, and I went to the hip hop room with Chris, a promoter from Light that I met that night. We took the elevator down and I heard nothing but ratchet music and tons of smoke. People were definitely getting their party on. In the hip hop room there is actual dance space, and it seemed the crowd was able to have more fun. I spent a good 45 minutes down here before it was almost time for main act to come on at the main stage.When Dada Life finally came on, it seems like the lighting and volume increased and the production value went up. By production, I mean more confetti than ever before. Dada played a very expected set. It wasn't one I haven't heard before from other festivals and clubs. I think the problem with signing resident DJs that play every other week is that they tend to lose interest in changing it up for the crowd. It's probably more of a problem in Vegas now days than anywhere else.The night came and went. I can't say that it was let down. I also can't say it was mind blowing.  I think the owners really focused on keeping the restaurant element of Hakkasan and left out a few essentials that can probably help put this place over the top. The overcrowding issue tends to occur at clubs converted from restaurants. I.e. Tao nightclub is almost unbearable on most nights with a full house. Hakkasan does have a few places for you to take a breather, only if you know where to look. I would definitely come back. PS. I met my favorite day club hostess, Danny at Wet Republic. That, on its own made my night.You can read the full review with pics here: http://bit.ly/13EMT94
2	Came here for Calvin Harris last weekend. My friend and I were on guestlist -- still ended up waiting about 30 mins in line. The club got SUPER SUPER crowded, to the point where you just couldn't walk anywhere. There is absolutely no where to chill too. Who wants to dance for 8 hours straight?! Never coming back here.
3	The more I go to clubs, especially in Vegas, the more I realize that I'm probably more of lounge guy as opposed to a club guy.  I like the show, I like the lights, I like the music and I like the women. I don't like the insane crowds, being packed like sardines, getting drinks spilled on me, the ridiculous cover fees, insane prices of alcohol and the kids trying to be a Bruno Mars look-a-like dancing like they are having an emotional breakdown on the dance floor. Maybe I'm just getting old but it just doesn't seem to do it for me anymore.When I passed through the MGM I thought that Hakkasan looked to be pretty cool, not to mention it was only a few steps away so I didn't have to go walking/commuting down the strip to get there.  The plan was to check it out once night rolled around.I got to line kind of late (10:45) because I figured maybe I'd go to XS instead since I had never been there either but changed my mind and headed back to Hakkasan.  Needless to say, I had to wait in the general admission line for a good 45+ minutes before getting in.Since this was a somewhat spur of the moment thing, I hadn't checked what the cover fee was so halfway through line I asked and it was $50.  Not really what I wanted to pay just to get inside but since I had been there for awhile already I said screw it and did it anyway. Not my proudest moment but I figured I just wouldn't drink anything. I hear the drinks go for close to $15 each anyway and anything over $9 or $10 to me is pretty much a rip-off, even for Vegas standards.The decor inside was pretty cool. Simple but nice.  I didn't find it as cool as the interior of Tao or as cool as the pictures I have seen from XS but overall it wasn't bad.  Multiple levels, several views of the main DJ/performance stage, large dance floor, several restrooms and tons of booths for bottle service.As big as the venue appears to be, it got packed really quickly.  The dance floor was insanely crowded so much so that navigation was nearly impossible. . Tons of people were getting drinks spilled on them, I was getting bumped into ever nanosecond and worst of all, it was friggin' hot.  Tons of people dancing around drenched in sweat , bumping into you throwing elbows etc. while dehydrating took it's toll after about 30-45 minutes before I decided I have had enough and got off the floor.   There was occasionally confetti being dumped from above, fog/mist being blasted on the floor, which should have happened with more frequency due to the temperature on the floor.  There were tons of kids on the floor some of whom didn't even look near 21 but then again, that's not really my concern anyway. It's Vegas. I ended up finding a place to stand behind one of the bottle service tables and watched the main show from there. The main show was a DJ duo called "Dada Life" who's name rang a bell but aside from that didn't really strike a chord with me.  I was actually hoping more to see Tiesto who performs there regularly but alas, it wasn't one of his nights.  The music was so-so but the show was pretty impressive, lots of lights and lasers, choreographed dancers, huge banana shaped inflatables (beach ball style) and even pillows being thrown from the roof into the crowd to add to the carnage.  It was a cool scene, just not sure it is mine.This club is just okay.  Cover fees are too steep especially considering the fact the the prices for drinks are too steep.  Bad combo.  Clubs get crowded in Vegas but I guess I'm getting a little less tolerant of insane crowds, not to mention not having anywhere to sit down just becomes exhausting.  I don't regret coming here but at the same time I kind of wish I would have went with my original feeling and gone to XS instead.Basically each time I go to a club in Vegas and fight the crowds I find that I'm probably going to be more of a lounge guy from now on. If I'm going to drop a lot of cash on drinks etc. I might as well do it in style and comfort and Hakkasan pretty much solidified that notion. If I end up going to another club in Vegas, I'll probably end up going to XS or somewhere where I feel that there is a little more value in the entertainment I'm getting.  It just wasn't there for Hakkasan.  I mean, it was real, it was fun. It just wasn't real fun.
4	The next big vegas night club, if for no other reason than the amount of ridiculous talent locked in. That being said, the venue itself is pretty sweet. It has this mega club warehouse feel to it with multiple levels and rooms, but has enough fine touches to keep it feel like it was worth the time and money you likely spent to get in (Recommendation for guys: unless you're rolling deep and getting a table, do the presale ticket option). The drinks were standard vegas (over) prices. There was definitely a big size discrepancy in the hip hop lounge vs the main floor. Just based on the headliners, its obvious that this place caters more to the EDM heads out there. Speaking of the main stage, the light show/giant LED screen is pretty spectacular, even if you're not rolling
3	The club does get incredibly crowded, and it is expensive as all hell, nut I had a great time. I saw R3hab, and the show was amazing. With that said, given the cost, I will probably only return if a huge name DJ is playing.
2	This review is based solely on the nightclub experience of MDW. I saw Calvin Harris and the show was absolutely fantastic but it was a zoo trying to get in. We all had the pre-paid tickets but it wasn't clear and wasn't organized on where to line up. I guess this used to be Studio 54... I'm not impressed with the layout of this place... it's a giant room and felt it was beyond capacity like most Vegas clubs. There was absolutely nowhere to sit and my friend kept on getting told by the security guards not to sit by the bottle service table section. The place is not pretty or unique at all... maybe I'm just spoiled by XS but I feel like this place will die down after the fabulous DJ line-up is over.
3	It's no XS, that's for sure.Went here last Saturday with three girlfriends, got walked in so line was no problem. It wasn't a big talent night, so I might have had a better time if Calvin Harris or Tiesto was playing. I didn't love the crowd - a little young in my opinion. The layout reminded me of a warehouse rave circa 1997, including an awkward transition area where you could obnoxiously hear two DJs at once. I was shocked to see they actually had bottle service set up in this god-awful spot. Sucks to be those suckers. Hip hop room downstairs was the highlight, even though  I am usually such a gigantic EDM fan. Some 21 year old booty dancers taught me how to "twerk" (google that and you'll be impressed that my little white-girl booty could even make a pathetic attempt at this dance move), which was pretty hilarious. Although not any reflection on the actual club. No outside area, which makes it feel just like any other club you've ever been to in your life. I guess okay for a change if you're looking for something different than XS and Tryst (where I always end up going), but not anything special beyond that.
4	off the hook!!
2	One word: over-hyped. This place was so lame. The layout is absolutely terrible. It's a complete maze trying to find the other rooms. There are 2.5 levels (The top level is kind of a balcony level, which is absolutely pointless to go if you don't have a table since they line up the whole balcony.) The bottom floor (floor 3) is the hip-hop room. We thought it was Top 40, which would be SO fun, but it turned out to be ghetto hip-hop. It was way cramped and small (almost the size of Lavo). (To get downstairs, the stairs are just right of the elevators. Don't ask the bouncers, most of them are total douches..)The main floor, floor 4, which is where you get off of the elevator, is where all of the unse unse music is. This place is meant for ballers with table service. There isn't much room elsewhere. The walkways are tight like Marquee, and I can only imagine how impossible it is to get from one place to another on a full night. I'm still traumatized by the night at Marquee with Kaskade, but that's for another review.Even with a great girl-guy ratio, we had to buy tickets ($34 for the guys, $24 for the girls. Lame!!). One plus was that we didn't have to wait in line... Our other option was to be on the guest list, but they wanted PICTURES of the girls...we were like, what the hell?! I really don't like the vibe I get from this place. It was totally not worth the hype. We went to Tao the night before for free with no line either and had an absolute blast.
4	I was there last Sunday celebrating my bday! The club was good, but I expected something more... Its spacious... Make sure you are on the guest list because even though the line is huge it moves pretty quickly! I had fun, but there was so much hype about this place that I thought it would beat XS, but no... Monday I went to XS where Lil Jon was performing, and that'e where I had a blast. I guess if you are into techno/trance music, you would love Hakkasan, but if you are more House/HipHop then that place is not for you.
1	The worst Vegas experience EVER!!!We ventured to Hakkasan this past weekend against all of the warnings we had been given by locals we know, friends who had visited, and from local bartenders, etc.  We were in and out in 30 minutes and that 30 minutes nearly ruined all of our buzzes for the entire night.To begin with, we were on a guest list.  Yep, so was EVERYONE else.  The line for the guest list was about 20-25 minutes long.  It appeared that the general admission line was nearly empty.  Very odd set up.  Anyway...we finally get up to the front and with the guest list we were on the girls got in free and the guys paid $40 per person (4 guys...so $160).  Once paid, you have to wait in another line for the elevator...or take the stairs.  Our group somehow got separated as me and my husBAND entered the elevator.  We went up and waited about 7 minutes for the others.  They came up out of breath and said they were told only the table service peeps could take the elevator and the others had to take the stairs.  Eh???  I just took the elevator and did not buy a table.  Whatevs.  We are all together now so started exploring.  Exploring is one giant cluster of stairs.  Dark stairs!!!  Not just a couple of stairwells, it's like a freaking rat maze of stairs located all throughout each floor.  We finally made it to the top level where we thought we wanted to be and it was so dark and so loud that we were miserable.  Oh, we finally got drinks up on this level and 1 person bought a beer and 2 waters and his tab was $28.  Another person bought 2 drinks, 2 waters, and a beer and the tab was around $50.  We decided to locate the hip hop room located on the bottom level.  MORE FREAKING STAIRS!!!  We finally made it all the way to the bottom floor and the room was insanely packed and insanely hot!  We all looked at one another and didn't even say a word.  All started heading back toward the stairs.  15 minutes passed as we tried to exit.  Freaking ridiculous!!!So, 25 minutes wasted in line, 30 minutes total wasted inside with about 20 of that climbing and descending stairs, and about $240 thrown away for an absolutely horrible time!!!  As we exited we noticed the entire guest list line we had waited in had been shut down...in the 30 minutes we were in there.  Eh?Whatevs...we texted our guy at Hyde and headed over.  Hyde was AMAZING and totally made up for the crap start thanks to Hakkasan.So, in summary, Hakkasan is a big fat NO!!!
1	Hakkasan was supposed to be the highlight of the weekend.  Came here Saturday June 15 and it was the worst experience. Megan from the guestlist line lacks professionalism and should be fired from her job.  She made us get in a 1 hour long line after I first asked her when we arrived when we first arrived to see if we are on her list otherwise we will just pay the full price ticket. She said we have to get in line before she will look to see if we are on the list.  After waiting 1 hour, we arrive to the front of her line for her to tell us that we are not on the list and we need to get in the regular line.  What a waste of time!  Then we get to the regular line and they charge $50 for guys and $30 for girls.  I didn't mind paying that but I wish we didn't have to wait into 2 separate lines.  When I asked the cashier and management if they knew Megan at the guestlist line, I was told that they do not know everyone by name.  Really?Most people didn't want to join me at LIGHTS where Zedd performed the day before but LIGHTS at Mandalay bay is hands down a waaaay better club than Hakkasan.  After partying in many of the worlds top party destinations I have to say that this billionaire owner of Hakkasan tried too hard to make a great venue but he needs to work on the kind of people they hire first. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY at Hakkasan.  GO to LIGHTS or XS for a much much better experience!!!!
1	So sorry to have to do this but I have to give this place a 1 star. "Megan" (if that's her real name) told me I was not on the guestlist.  The problem is she just kept scrolling through the guestlist on her ipad without carefully looking for my name.  At that point I got the hint. She did not want to honor the guestlist but wanted me to go into the general admission line to pay.  She was dismissive of me.  But I realize it may not be just her. So I'm gonna go ahead and point the finger at management too.  After wasting all that time in the guestlist line, I decided to just get into the general admission line to pay my $50 to get in. Maybe the experience in here will turn things around.I get in and I am not that impressed. Looks typical. Here is my ranking:1) XS2) Lights3) Surrender4) Marquee5) Vanity6) Pure7) Hyde8) XS's restroom9) Surrender's restroom10) HakkasanAt least Hakkasan is in the top 10! I have to say after going to this club, my appreciation for the others are much greater. I'm sure in time you will work these issues out Hakkasan, but it wouldn't hurt to have better personnel. Good luck to you guys. I wish you could refund my money but hey I know it's Vegas and I gambled that Hakkasan was going to be the best club ever.  Guess I lost.
5	WOW Ok this place blew my mind! I didnt have too many expectations, but I'm in love.First off, it was super easy to get into the club. The elevators were really accessible. When I'm wearing 5 inch heels, I want to be able to get from A to B as easily as possible. The second thing that blew me away was the incredible LED screens. I felt transported to EDC.  I also really loved the variety that Ling Ling offered. There was a totally different vibe between that club and the main room. It was nice to be able to transition between the two. The crowd was so amped and everyone seemed to be having a great time. Surprisingly, I didn't get fondled and groped by other club goers, which people in Vegas seem to think is totally acceptable to do to a group of girls. So, whoever is working the door there did a great job. Cannot WAIT to go back to this club for my bday in a month!
4	I was at Hakkasan last night to see Dada Life.  I was nervous to go there after reading all the bad reviews, but I have to say...I had a good time.  I didn't get there till about 1:30 cause I don't need to be in a club for almost 4 hours before the headlining DJ finally starts.  I got in very quickly and everyone was routed to the elevator.  Security was nice and courteous. I was able to find a good spot to get a great view of the DJ's.  Dada Life did a great job and the lighting effects were awesome too.  The place was busy, but not overly packed (maybe because it was mid-week).  The crowd was definitely into it which made it a better experience.  I rarely club anymore, but I'd go back to Hakkasan again.
5	I AM IN LOVE!!! A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!  Loved it so much we went twice 6/16 and 6/19. My best club experience to date, and I've traveled the world... palmsnparadise.com I read the reviews and was a bit skeptical the first night we went, but boy were the negative ones wrong!!  If you don't like Hakkasan, you must not like dancing or drinking or having a good time.  The atmosphere is like no other.  The lights/LED's are phenomenal, the confetti that falls from the ceiling adds to the excitement,  fans cool you off every so often, and the DJ's and dancers make this club a MUST GO while in Vegas.  I would have gone every night, but they were closed Mon/Tue. MGM spent 100 MILLION dollars on construction and decorating, and then an additional 70 million for some of the best DJ's in the world!  From both my experiences, if you're going on a busy night, get there before midnight.  (which we didn't....) What could have turned into an epic fail was quickly fixed by our VIP Host that had gotten us on the list.  So hit up my new favorite Senior VIP Marketing Host Max a couple days before you want to go.  He will make sure you have an excellent clubbing experience whether your poppin' bottles or just getting a few drinks!!  He will make it a night to remember!! He's just a phone call or text away @ 502-418-7945 or Email Max.Masterson@angelmg.com.
4	Awesome club~!  We came here for my dad'd birthday around Mother's Day weekend, and we REALLY enjoyed ourselves here.  It was super huge and well ventilated, so my group wasn't all sweaty and hot like in most other clubs.  We were right up front with the DJ Bingo Players, and I had a really good time here.  There was a room for trance/house and another for hip hop lovers.  As it turned out, we ran into someone there with a table so we got to rest our toesies at their table.  It did take a while for us to get in even though we pre-bought tickets, but I would say it was only a 20 minute wait.  That was the only drawback really.  If you pre-bought tickets, you shouldn't have to wait like the rest of them.  The lights show was great, the crowd was energetic, and it was very well decorated.  I read that they had Cirque Du Soleil dancers twrling above you ,but I didn't see any of that, though I was expecting something that crazy cool.  We got loaded before we came, so I'm not sure how expensive the drinks were, but expect the regular $14-$20 Vegas drink.  Just a note to girls: LOTS of stairs so be prepared to take off your shoes and put on those flats!
5	Hottest club in Vegas right now and that includes all the new kids on the block (The Light & Eclipse) and the big boys (Marquee & XS).  Honestly the only thing  this place lacks is an outdoor area the likes of Marquee and XS, but trust me when I say it makes up for it by being the biggest baddest club on the strip.  Not to mention the fact that they've locked up all the all dopest DJs in the world to exclusive contracts, and for me that's the biggest trump card in the deck. Also goes without saying that this joints got enough lazers, lights, and airguns to destroy even the most seasoned ravers LOL. Def one of my favorite Vegas night clubs right alongside  XS and Marquee, with an honorable mention going to Light, Tryst and Surrender.
4	My favorite club in Vegas right now!  The have pulled all the best djs in the world.  I love and hate how big this club is.  You can definitely get lost with all the different levels.  However, I love that the dance floor is big (way bigger than Marquee).  No outdoor area, so it can get a little claustrophobic.  Several bars on each floor.I saw Tiesto in my recent trip, and it probably was the best time I have had dancing to Tiesto!  He had great lighting and performers.Make friends with a promoter or show up early with pre-sale tickets if you want to bypass the lines.  Get a table above the dance floor for the best view.
2	Sick lights! If not for the lights, this would've been a 1 star review. I'm not a crazy club go-er anymore, because I fell into the bandwagon and am now a huge fan of electronic music. I flew into Vegas last week for the Electric Daisy Carnival that took place last Fri-Sun. Anyway, Hakkasan had Dada Life in the house Wednesday night and my girlfriends and I went. We decided not to go on the guestlist because we were sure we couldn't make the guest list end time anyway. Didn't really matter, because both GA ticket and GL lines were 30-40 min long by the time we arrived. By the time we started moving, and I thought we were going somewhere, we finally found ourselves in front of the elevator to the club after getting ID'd three times and scanned three times by three different people in three different parts of the line - wtheck? I felt like a prisoner! .. Were in! yay! ugh.. nvm. This place is BEYOND crowded and they allow way more than their "capacity" into the club. We couldn't even INCH through the crowd, and we aren't big girls. This place is also like a maze and incredibly hard to navigate. Their bouncers are also total douches. Oh, you can't walk here, you can't stand there, you can only stand here for 10 min because everyone needs to keep it moving, oh don't sit on the ledge, you should've done table service if you wanted to sit.. blahblahhhhhhh. ugh. We did bottle service the next night at TAO for Dash Berlin, and what, Hakkasan? Fire your damn bouncers. Tao isn't the best, but at least their bouncers don't step all over girls.
4	I'm picky with clubs (hate all clubs besides Marquee) and thought nothing can par up to Marquee. However, this club impressed me. I went in with not so high expectations based on the mixed reviews and came out so WOWed out. I went during EDC Thurs night with Hardwell and yes it was packed as crazy. But what do you expect? It's a Vegas club with big name EDM dj's! Got prepaid tix, we went to that line before midnight and there was NO WAIT. The process was smooth, check ID, check tickets, get stamped, get IN. DONE. Take the elevators to the actual dance floor. I have one excellent thing I need to point out, its the BOUNCERS. THEY WERE FRIENDLY. WTF?! All the bouncers I've encountered were douches. But these guys answered my BF's questions and mines with ease and tried to help us. They were incredibly nice, both inside and outside bouncers. The ones inside were super nice when we were trying to find the hip hop room. HUGE PROPS. If Hakka keep this up, they'll definitely attract a much larger crowd. Upon entering, the lights blew me away. Blue and pink lights, SO PRETTY! The dance floor at the main EDM area is HUGE, bigger than Marquee. There are several bars on the sides to get your drinks. We were looking for the hip hop area just to check it out before we settled for Hardwell, but found out they were using that floor for EDM for that specific weekend. So a bouncer guided us to another area, a lounge thats connected to HAKKA! We walked in and it was EMPTY! Hella chairs, tables, and and an empty bar to chill. I recommend everybody to go there to use the bathroom, get drinks, rest your feet, etc. Omg, can't believe it was empty. People complaining about where to sit? You're not looking hard enough. After all, it is a Vegas club and they do like to make $ off bottle service. No sitting is a given, get used to it.Anyways, during Hardwell, the dance floor was packed of course, but it was incredibly FUN. The lights were amazing. The screens/visuals were very clean and new, so the graphics looked AMAZING. I didn't want to leave but it was near 4am. Tiesto came out surprisingly to dance with Hardwell... AMAZING! Want great EDM music, lights, lasers, visuals? COME TO HAKKA. The girls with ram outfits dancing above the stage WERE AWESOME. I was so amused by their dance moves that I forgot about Hardwell. I will definitely be back here now. This blows XS out of the water. Not sure how GL works on regular weekends, but I'd just buy tickets to avoid the line and hassle. Only $20 for girls!
1	This place sucked. Great DJ lineup, but that's about it. It's the most over priced piece of crap on the strip!!Save your money and your time and head to XS or Tao.
1	UPDATE:  Came back again for EDC Weekend.  It's still whack LOL.
5	Newest most poppin club in Vegas right now! The line for it is tough, so understand that the bouncers and promoters outside are just doing their job. Once inside, it's more cool and employees are funny and helpful. Worth the wait!! Thing to remember is make sure to get a hookup, just like in any other club in Vegas. But this one is newest so you really need a good hookup otherwise you can't be sure. But overall, the club is definitely a Las Vegas standard world class night experience!
1	Went here on Friday night during EDC weekend, and left within an hour. I was there for my bachelorette party so it was me and 8 other girls. We were on the guest list....BIG deal, so was everyone else! Took about 30-40 minutes to get in. Probably got ID'd 3-4 times.As soon as we got in my friend went to order 1 drink, and $28 later we realized we were in for spending some cash. We immediately made our way to the dance floor. Cluster fu*k! You could not even move! It was more like a bunch of sardines vibrating on eachother. Everyone else we tried to go to stand we were constantly told to move. We left and went to Piano Bar and Coyote Ugly...MUCH better time!XS, Marquee and Haze are still my favorite clubs in Vegas! This club won't last, don't waste your time.
4	Heck with waiting in line or buying presale tickets.. we did it big last weekend when Hardwell was spinning. Decided to get table service and walked right in, no biggie! Had a great time.. we were located on the same level as the big room where the DJ is. One of our hostesses played us with ordering a bottle and yes we were irked by that but another one named Tanya from SD was amazing! She was so much fun and was so real! We will be back for more fun!!
3	I've been looking forward to checking out MGM's newest club since I heard about it's opening a few months ago. Hakkasan is the home to a a large mix of  A list of resident DJ's like Calvin Harris, Steve Aoki, Bob Sinclair, R3hab, Hardwell, Tommy Trash, and Tiesto just to name a few. You can see all your favorites spin at the same club! Awesome! Even more of a plus if you're staying at MGM! Since I always have the same few stops whenever I hit up Vegas, I was excited that this could be in my mix of clubs to hit up whenever I'm in town. Hakkasan is without a doubt a beautiful night club. They have amazing light displays and the sound system is really awesome. There are two levels to Hakkasan however, it was really crowded when I came for Hardwell the Thursday before EDC weekend. The lines were ridiculous to get in, so thankfully my friend and I had tickets pre-bought online. Our line was short and sweet- we got in in record time. The prices went up that night for sure and guys always pay more than girls if you get at the door. If you already know you want to come and it's a big night, always try to pre-buy online.Once inside, you'll notice there are a lot of stairs. There also isn't a lot of space for the dance floor but there is ample seating if you get bottle/ table service. They are a few bars located around the club so you can get drinks from various points in the club. Overall the experience was only okay. I wanted to like Hakkasan more than I did. It is a really nice, new club but it was just so crowded with people and stairs that we didn't get to watch the rest of Nervo's set. Maybe next time I'll come on a less EDM crazed weekend and hopefully it'll be a much better experience! It is totally worth it to check it out though!
4	It took us hours, and I mean hours to get into this place. It was EDC weekend and everyone wanted to see Hardwell and experience this new talked-about nightclub. We were no different.When we were finally ushered in, Hardwell was already on. There were crazy sci-fi dancers on stage and tons of rave lights everywhere. It was awesome! Man, the place was packed though. We managed to squeeze into someone's booth. We almost got free bottle service when they left too, but the staff promptly removed it from the table. Aww man. It was a fun night with unst unst music. I like Hakkasan, but I don't love it.
5	I wasn't really looking forward to this place, but wow it blew my mind!!  Your best bet for no hassle entry is buy tickets before hand and eat the restaurant.  After dinner the manager escorted us up through the back way and skipped the whole line process.  Our bartender was very generous with his pours of Ciroc Peach!!  The little details that went into this club are crazy-By the way- try to catch deadmau5 here- I thought he would be cheese but he was amazing!!!
5	One of the best clubs I have been to in Vegas by far! Starting with the bouncers: very polite, professional, and just not the normal asshole bouncers. The club was immaculate, and the drinks were as stiff as a 16 year old virgin on prom night. Definitely buy the pre-order entry tickets though! I would definitely recommend this place!
1	To start off; I created this yelp account to specifically write this review on hakkasan because I was so disappointed! I give Hakkasan one star because of my disappointing experience with Hakkasan Nightclub in Las Vegas. On Thursday, June 20th, I was placed on a guest list for Hardwell at Hakkasan during EDC weekend. I have never been to Hakkasan, and I had read mixed reviews about it, so I figured I would check out the club before purchasing bottle service. I had about 8 females and one other male with me in my group. We lined up early, just as instructed, and waited in line for entry. While waiting, a security guard was checking ID's and stamping everyone in line. The security guard stopped at my group and began checking everybody's ID's. When he checked my ID, he began to question me. I politely answered all of his questions and cooperated, so he then proceeded to stamp my wrist. About five minutes later, the security guard brought another security guard over to double check my ID. After then cooperating with the second security guard and answering all of his questions, I was handed back my ID and told to have a nice night. About 10 minutes later, ANOTHER security guard approached me asking to see my ID and started asking more questions. After answering all his questions, he asked me to step out of line. He asked to see my wrist, in which he then stamped a big VOID across it, and handed my ID back saying that he could not grant me entry as he is unable to verify if I was really the person on the ID. I reassured security that the ID was mine and even showed him a debit card and my players card from Harrah's as a second form of ID, but I was told to leave so I did so without causing a scene as I was very embarrassed. I called the promoter who put me on his list and he instructed me to call the police and have them verify my ID at the door, but that just seemed like too much work as it was getting late and I was ready to visit a club. I am a frequent Vegas club goer and not once have I had this issue at any nightclub including XS, Marquee, Tao, Surrender, 1Oak, or Pure. The photo on my ID is a few years old, but clearly obvious that it is me. I then left the casino, called my group, and we headed to Surrender to see Dirty South where I then purchased bottle service from a VIP Host that I know, and had the night of my life. With this being said, I am very disappointed with the staff at Hakkasan nightclub, as are many other people by the looks of their reviews on yelp, and I will not be returning to this establishment. I will be taking my business elsewhere to clubs such as XS, Surrender, and Marquee who have been in the game longer, and know what they are doing.
3	Checked out Dada Life at Hakkasan last week.  I was blown away by the DJ but not by the club.  It reminded me of the layout of LAX, and just didn't do anything for me.  It's just a club.  It's a decent club for sure, but it's no Surrender!
3	I've never been to a vegas club before, but I have to say that this was a pleasant experience. Hakkasan has some pretty prominent DJs spinning inside the club the only bad thing is it's kind of big and I got lost (ooh and $9 for little bottles of Fiji water).  Other than that it's a very comely club to have dance with. what I like is that they have separate lines for presales. There's been times where I had to wait in line for presales.
1	Please don't contact me purposely offering me VIP concierges to make up for my bad experience. That stuff just makes it worse. Why are you trying to offer me bottle service rather than apologizing, hakkasan? -1 star.
2	Remember when MGM Grand had that ugly lion above the entrance? Well fast forward to $50 bucks to get in to Hakkasan, (Guys would love to get in for that, $125 for them), Long long PRESALE  lines, a long claustrophobic wait from the cashier to the elevator so we can get in (No name on the list? NO CLUB FOR YOU!...I saw incredulous hot girls being turned away). We're finally in! That's it?!!! This looks like every other club in vegas. Calvin Harris came in around 1:30 am, or so I hear. Was already in bed by that time. My friend's most quotable line that night was, "I'm going to Drink Way to Fun!!!". That pretty much sums up that club. You feel obligated to spend money so you can make yourself have fun. I have had a way better time in a lot of other places in vegas. This place is so overrated. I know there's a lot of people who love it here and would rationalize the entrance fee because they would normally pay $60 to see Tiesto, so the entrance fee and wait time is pretty normal. But I don't feel I should feel pay to have fun here. Fun happens, and I tip them for it. That's vegas. Probably won't come back. I came here for a bachelorette party and watching married guys lure married girls into their booths is entertaining for about 10 minutes.  I'm not sure what they will do if people have to get out in a hurry. The only way you can get downstairs is the elevators, which the Elevator Wench won't let you touch until he presses the down button. A little scary in times of emergency. Word of advice, if you have a group of 9 women, take it anywhere else but here. Come back when it's not the hottest club around. The crowd will improve and people will be there for the music and the experience, not so they can say they did.
3	We got presale tickets so the line was moving along well but god damn be prepared to be ID-ed at least about 2-3 times! The venue and interior was designed amazingly!!! Everything looked so different compared to the pictures i took of this place! There are various floors you can attend but the main floor is small and crowded maybe cause of all the tables surrounded by it! I give this place 3 stars because the DJ that night basically played the same beat over and over! Everyone was there waiting for Dada Life but he didnt come on until almost 2am when he was suppose to go on at midnight = everyone exhausted by then.Girls watch out for your purses. Two friends got their phones stolen and one friend almost did!
4	Went a second time and had a much better time than the first. Its a beautiful club and this time the staff was definitely more friendly.I would still recommend that Hakkasan make some non VIP seating but maybe its because Im getting old and my feet were hurting. :)
3	Do yourself a favor, and pay the $30 online presale tickets to avoid the massive wait in line. A couple of my friends decided to not pay the presale ticket price and ended up wasting 3 hours in line, just to be denied at the front of the line due to reaching over capacity limits.Other than that, its your typical Vegas night club. Beautiful surroundings, beautiful people and high priced drinks, nice beats and good DJs. Calvin Harris was on the night I went. Over all, a good time.
5	Honestly I was scared based on reading these reviews and others that mentioned "Hakkastairs".  It wasn't as bad as I thought. Went last weekend for bob sinclar using presale tix from wanttickets.....waited a whole 2 minutes to get in...only way to go if you're not doing bottles. Was absolutely blown away. the opening DJ was dope as hell...had a great mix and felt the crowd to get warmed up. layout was surprisingly dope, the dance floor I was able to get around a bit....sound system was tremendous and they had FREAKIN CRYO BLASTS COMING DOWN FROM THE CEILING ON TO YOU. That was just insane...video screen above the DJ and they had a second level with choreographed dancers to the performance.  Just freakin incredible, I was really really impressed with the venue and Bob Sinclar was dope as hell.   Checked out the venue a bit, I'd personally stay away from the hip hop room...out of the way and just got a weird vibe. The main stage was where its at...go dancefloor tables, don't think the back room or upstairs would be as good.
1	This was probably one of my worst clubbing experiences.I was here last weekend and tried to go clubbing at Hakkasan. We had previously contacted a promoter and was supposedly put on the guest list. We arrived around 10:30 and the line was out the building. The bouncers kept telling us that the general admission line was the same line as guest list line, and later the line became guest list line only. Whenever we asked about the lines or how long the wait is we received different answers every time. By the time we got to the front it was already 2:30am and we have been waiting for 4 hours. When we were finally let in, the club wanted to charge us $60 for girls and $125 for guys even though the club closes at 4am and we would only be in there for less than 2hrs. When we tried to tell her we were on the guest list she told us the guest list closes at midnight. It was just ridiculous so we ended up just leaving. Definitely don't go there if the line is out the door and if there's a popular DJ. Most likely if the line isn't moving steadily and you don't get in within 2hrs it's not gonna be worth the time. You probably won't get much time in the club and will get charged a ridiculous amount for it.
1	I came with a group of 12 girls, me being the only guy. The promoter said he could walk the girls in but I had to wait in line. So in a revival of chivalry, I said no prob I'd just wait in line by myself and the girls should go in first. Figured it'd be maybe 1 hour tops before I could join them. We got here at 9. It's 12:15 and I'm still in line, stuck at about 15 people from the front for the last hour. In the meantime, the girls are inside and say it's still pretty empty. There are maybe a few hundred pple behind me in line. Oh yeah, and it's $125 to get in.You guys really need to manage your line better and at least provide updates to the folks waiting in line so we know what our status is. If I had known this was going to happen I would've gone somewhere else and we all could've come out ahead. Instead, you've created a customer who will not only never return, but will convince everybody else not to. Worth it?
5	Make sure you know a VIP Host or a promoter for this club.  They will get you in free on their guest list.  If you don't know anyone, prepare to pay $$ for entry or $$$$ for a bottle (unless you are a female with a group of females).I was with a group of all females, and we were able to get a free bottle and table from one of the VIP hosts (perks of being a female, not fair, I know).  However, I knew that the minimum for a bottle was $3500 for this night given that it was Steve Aoki playing.I definitely recommend getting a bottle because you will have your own sitting space, table, and dancing space.  The dance floor is extremely crowded and sweaty.  You will not be able to move without people grinding on you and touching.  It was extremely claustrophobic.  I only lasted about 2 minutes on the dance floor before I was gasping for breath and I just couldn't wait to go back to my table.The overall atmosphere of this place was AMAZING.  The sound system, the lights, the DJ, everything was completely mind-blowing.  That's why I gave this review 5 stars.  I could not stop dancing all night.  It was a great experience.Overall, if you don't have some serious dough to blow on this place, don't come.  But if you do, I am sure you will have the time of your life.
3	Saturday, Calvin Harris spinning.My friend and I (in unison): Hey, let's go to Hakkasan!Me (Suddenly worried): But what about the bad reviews?Friend: Nah, they are all related to people having trouble getting in.Me: Yeah, we won't have those issues! We know a host! The host surprisingly tells us to get there late, so we follow his advice and get there way past 12. There is a ticket admission line on one side, and guest list and ladies lines on the other. So first, we are in the guest list area- not line, because at that point, rules don't apply and it's everyone for themselves, pushing up front , trying to unsuccessfully catch someone's attention. When that doesn't go anywhere, we move to the ladies' "line"- but it makes no difference. Everyone is on the guest list, and almost everyone  is a lady, because in my 1.5 hours of waiting, I saw 1.5 guys, on average, get in. But more on that later...We see the host that we know, who tells us that he will get us in in a minute, but right now no one is getting in , they are over capacity, etc. etc.. I hear other hosts tell other girls the same thing, and that it could be anywhere from 15-50 minutes to get in. But once in a while, I see only certain hosts get people in. It is too late in the night to form conspiracy theories and analyze this hierarchy, so we just keep waiting. A long while passes when some hosts start changing their stories and telling people that they might as well leave because they are not getting in. Our host comes out of hiding and we just ask him to honestly tell us if we are getting in and he assures us that we are, it will just be a few more minutes. Meanwhile, we decide to go into a bar adjacent to Hakkasan. When you come out of the bar, it just so happens that you are in an area where all the hosts hang out, getting closer access. At that point, the story still stays the same- to get in is anywhere 15-50 minutes. Who gets in, we ask? People who are meeting people with tables, seems to be a general response. Mysteriously, those people are mostly girls, with a few guys sprinkled in between.  A group of girls who was waiting for a long time goes in with a host whom I've seen getting others in. So we talk to him. Same story, 15-50 minutes. What about those girls who just got in, we ask? They are friends of Calvin Harris, the host says. I doubt any real friends of Calvin Harris will be waiting in line for an hour, but OK, whatever.  We finally got in after talking to yet another host, not the one we knew, who at that point had disappeared. BUT what really made this whole experience unpleasant was the constant lack of clear answers.  If we're not getting in, just TELL US!!  We appreciate honestly so we can go on with our night. Yes, your strategy is to keep people outside to make your club seem like it's the hottest place on earth, but I don't want to be the puppet outside making the club look good while wasting my precious time not knowing what's going to happen. This lack of disrespect and disregard really threw me off. However, once Inside, the energy was amazing, The sound quality, the lights, the visuals were all great. No line at the bar, very nice bartenders making very nice, strong drinks. The stairs are not too bad, but maybe it's because I was semi-sober. Maybe the drinks weren't that strong after all. Anyway, It was all almost worth the waiting, Almost. Next time, if I want to see a DJ, I will just buy the online tickets. Seems like that is the way to get in without a hassle.
5	Has to be the most exciting club in Vegas right now. I have been twice so far and they were both very different nights but both awesome. People are complaining about the amount of stairs here, but there are plenty of elevators so you do not have to take the stairs. The main floor is amazing, you can see the DJ from pretty much any angle, there are bars all around the side, the dancefloor is huge and there are plenty of tables. The first night I was with a group of girls and one guy, we wanted to make sure we got in so we purchased tickets a week in advance, the pre-sold ticket line moved a little faster than the general admission, and when we got closer to the top all the girls were guided one way while the guy we were with was put in a slower line (unless you have the money to pay for tables and bottle service it can be really annoying to be a guy in Vegas). We got chatting to a really nice woman working security and she managed to pull him out of his line and into ours (which was so lucky because we never would have found him inside). Calvin Harris was playing and the music was amazing. We spent the entire night on the dancefloor, lost some of our group because it was so busy but we all had a great night. The second time we went it was just the girls and we were on the guestlist. We arrived a little late and we were looking for the guestlist line (there are so many different lines). As we walked by the line for tables we started chatting with a group of really nice (not sleazy) guys and were invited to join their table. I have no idea how much they were spending but the table we had was one of the best in the place, so I imagine a lot! The hostess we had was gorgeous and really sweet (all the hostesses here seem to be the best in Vegas, they are all so hot and really nice). If you do have an insane amount of money to spend then the tables are the way to go, but even without one you will have a great time. I can't wait to go back!One last note, my friend lost her purse here and I don't know if it was staff or someone else who found it but it was handed in to security with all of her cards and cash still inside, I love honest people!
1	Saturday, Deadmau5Here are my observations:- Extremely hard to walk inside, there was too many people;- To see the DJ, you better have a table that will cost you at least 3500 dollars;- 21 dollars for a drink;- If you are a women,  and can't walk on high hills for all night, forget it (there is no place to seat, unless you have a table);Next time we will go to the XS, older place, but 20 times better.
1	Well I can start by saying that I love the dj line up, I love the layout, hate the stairs. over all experience for being such a big club, I think it's ran ok. for the most part  except for the servers and door security.  the girls act as if we owe them they almost tell you we have to tip them. bartenders are awesome.   this is the fourth time I go, for the most part I enter through their table area, but this time I had to go in through the guest list line. I gotta start by saying that I hate the ID checker they have on that side. Im not going to say he's rude, takes his job to serious, very funny guy but no leniency... the first time I had to go buy new shoes because he wouldn't let me in with 160$ pair of air max's. the second and third time I had an expired ID (mind im 33) my girlfriend didn't have hers  and her friends was expired both (37yrs old)  and  he wouldn't let us in, so both times I went to table side met 2 awesome id checkers who let us in with a couple bucks. no standing in long line. I've sent friends over to them and everything smooth. hawaiians are the best hahaa...  last night I figured I'd try and go to guest list line again thinking he'd probably let me in now because he know's who i am by now. once again. he didnt let me, he needs to lay off a bit.. not even a $100 bribe haha (considering they cant take tips). walked over to table side, and I saved $50 (YESS)  for the most part all security is awesome except that BIG guy on that side. the asian girl  with long hair is a well made bitch. dont know what she's doing. most of the time she's just standing around doing nothing looking around. she yelled at me and my girlfriend because of our id's. ..  xs is the place to be, security there are anal but money makes them dance lol.... I really think this is the last time I go to hakkasan.
2	Take it from a party girl, Hakkasan is "Vegas' commuter club." You go to check it out because it's new and some awesome DJ is there, and then you leave when you realize it's not that great. Amazing DJs, but the club itself is an ergonomic fail in design. Unless you've bought a VIP table, this club probably isn't for you. Guys that do, you'll have a good time. Girls that don't, not so much. And it's not like most Vegas clubs, where random people meet and start drinking together. The club is not setup for that inviting experience. My 4 girlfriends and I went for Tiesto last Friday -- Tiesto was amazing, one of the best sets I've heard from him! .. but we ended up leaving the club before close (which we never do) because of Hakkasan itself. Us girls live for this stuff, and I wish, I wish we could have said something good about it.  Where it fails:1) It's missing the experience. When you walk through Hakkasan, most people you walk by aren`t smiling - it's weird. The reason for this is that the experience is missing. Everyone in a club should be able to experience the ambience and atmosphere of everyone partying and having a good time. Hakkasan doesn't offer this. Unless you're at a VIP table or are willing to get smothered with sweaty bodies on the waaayyy over packed dancefloor, you will not have an enjoyable clubbing experience because you can't see anything! You can't see the DJ in the main room because of the design layout and you'll be stuck wandering in the paths, or dancing in the overflow area. 2) You're always looking down because you can't feel comfortable walking around. First, there's soo many stairs at random levels. Second, the overflow room has raised platforms that are not visible in crowds. As a result, sooo many girls were taking a tumble because of the poor design/lack of  area guards and the bouncers didn't do anything about it. It was ridiculous. Third, the floor pattern is misleading; it gives the illusion that there are white steps when there are not. My girls and I kept thinking that there were steps and we felt like we always had to be cautious. 3) If you're not VIP, you'll feel like a second class citizen. For girls, we're usually used to being treated well at Vegas clubs, but because Hakkasan isn't designed for mingling and meeting new people, girls are left behind... without a view of the DJ (not even on a TV screen anywhere), without a single place to sit, and wandering around aimlessly. The result: they leave. Hakkasan is known for girls leaving -- the staff know it and this is why is it Vegas commuter club.It doesn't offer us glamorous Vegas nightclub experience and it's really disappointing.  Here's some suggestions to make it better: TO THE HAKKASAN OWNERS: 1) The Overflow Room. This room offers no experience. You have to remember, people come for DJs, so even if they're not in the main danceroom, you need to give them that experience. Add a massive LCD screen showing the DJ playing along the side with the balcony. Also, you can't have girls falling all over the place! Add barriers to the corner areas of the platform for safety. 2) The Waterfall back area. You need to let girls sit here, otherwise they will leave. I get it, the idea is that people have to pay to sit at a club, but this is just ridiculous. You need to let girls rest their feet sometimes. Marqui allows it in certain areas, and so should you! 3) Upstairs - small suggestion. If you're not VIP, there is noooo experience up here and therefore, it's a waste of space. Give people the experience. Add some small LCD TVs everywhere, so people can feel the DJ. People will create their own fun in front of the TVs.  4) Upstairs - big suggestion. Because the openings to the VIP booths are opposite to the DJ stage, the guys in the VIP are facing the DJ stage. Therefore, when girls are walking behind, they'll never get noticed. So, I think another tier that is a few steps lower than the VIP area should be wrapped in front for non-VIPs. This way, the guys in VIP will physically"see" girls and tell them to join them AND they'll feel more like VIP with more people seeing them. Also, regular people will actually have a view. 5) Dancefloor. Having 2 entrances on the dancefloor at the ends of the stage is inconvenient for exiting. Add two more paths to enter the dancefloor like Marqui. These problems may seem petty, but for Vegas, this is exactly what it's all about. Someone(s) missed the mark here. Hakkasan needs some work, big-time. I won't be back unless something changes.
3	The Peeps that run this club must have read all the previous complaints about their staff because when I went there this past weekend, they were all very friendly. I enjoyed the club, I thought it was very nice, especially the lighting, but my only problem was the space. This club could be big if it wasn't for all the tables they have for table service. It's three floors, first floor hip-hop room  and a side lounge area (top 40's), second floor (main floor), third floor was pretty much all tables lolIf they only designated the third level for table service and kept floors 1-2 for the dance floor, this place wouldn't be as crowded/cramped. Otherwise, they were really smart getting the best DJs spinning.Oh and beware of the stairs, we had some girls that joined us, and they weren't digging the stairs with their high heels lol! So if you go, make sure you wear some comfortable/walkable shoes or whatever
3	Decent venue. Came here to see deadmau5 during EDC weekend. The layout of the venue is extremely confusing with narrow walkways and crowded corridors. Open up the place a bit!
3	I received this message from management. I really appreciate the fact that they listen to what we have to say! Hopefully the next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be able to visit again and hopefully my experience will be better!"We would like to first of all thank you for coming to experience Hakkasan and also thank you for taking the time to write a review.  I do greatly apologize that you did not enjoy your experience entering the venue.  We do hope you will give us the opportunity to have you back in order to re-showcase it to you and truly show you what Hakkasan is all about.  We have taken note of your comments and passed them along to management. "
1	The WORST club in the whole wide world! While I was in line, the bouncer splashed some kind of disgusting liquid all over me and did not proceed to apologize at all. Then they proceed to kick me out of line when I did nothing wrong, I was trying to find my sister inside cause it was her birthday and they ruined it by not letting me in at all. Hakkasan is the rudest club I have ever come across and no one should ever ever ever come. It will never be worth your money or your time.
4	Hakkasan! Hottest Nightclub in Vegas where well known DJs are house residents!We came here on a Thursday night knowing Hardwell would be spinning tracks, unfortunately, we were only able to get a table on the 3rd floor instead of the 5th floor (main floor were all the big name DJs play). Our hostesses were extremely friendly and the bussers bust their butts. Our cranberry, pineapple juice, sprite, and what not never went low or close to empty, they were re-filled quickly. The security was attentive, but chill and laid back as long as shit didn't happen.Upstairs on the 5th floor it was hardcore! Don't expect to have too much standing room as it is mainly designed for bottle service! You're in Vegas and hot nightclubs like Hakkasan expects/wants you to drop that dough $$! Unfortunately I didn't stay up there long since our table was downstairs and there were bottles waiting to be drank!We eventually decided to leave our table and go upstairs and check out Hardwell, but unfortunately got kicked out because a friend of ours was a little too intoxicated, haha. I wasn't pissed because it is what it is and the bouncer was only doing his job.Overall, love the service here, not sure if it's worth the $$ (even if I didn't pay, perks of being a girl!), but as long as the music is right I'll dance all night!
1	Guest list is "everyone list" , girls only line is on the opposite side of guest list & still takes forever. The staff is beyond douchey. Saw this girl slip a $50 to a guy to let her skip the line, he took it & made her wait. This place, not fun. Save your time and money and Skip it!
5	Club is amazing. PROS:Size (Largest hip hop room in dual format clubs in Vegas)# of BarsDecor MusicFriendly StaffCons: Long line for elevators but didn't use them.Cry me a river about all the stairs you have to go up the girls we were with said it wasn't bad at all. Been waiting a long time for MGM to finally have a good club. They've finally done it.
4	I'm a fan because of two things: 1. i did not have to pay cover (yay for being a girl in vegas)2. they have the best djs spinning (hardwell, calvin harris, tiesto..etc)i came here during edc weekend on a thursday and Hardwell was spinning. it was only me and my other girlfriend meeting up with a group of people instead. but our plane landed a little late so we got to Hakkasan around 12am. We walk straight to the front, i told the man holding a list that it was only me and my girlfriend and he let us straight in.This place is huge! I walked in and it reminded me a lot of TAO at the venetian. When hardwell came on, the dance floor became extremely packed, to the point where i could not breathe so we decided to leave the dance floor. I really wanted to see hardwell, so I went to the top floor and somehow shmoozed my way to a table which an amazing view of the floor. what made the night was when tiesto made a special appearance. needless to say, my experience at this new club was awesome.
2	Hmm, what to say about Hakkasan... Well can't really tell you much about the inside due to the fact I couldn't get in; however, I do have some advice for my fellow yelpers and here it goes.1) As expected for a Vegas club be prepared to wait in line wether it be prepaid, guest list, or general admission 2) If there is a big DJ spinning purchase pre sale tickets (guy tickets sell out before girl tickets)3) Guest list does not guarantee admission, we were on a guest list after being unable to purchase pre sale male tickets, waited over 2 hours, still had a bit of a line in front of us and were told "you may get in on time to see Calvin Harris"4) If you see a long line on general admission proceed to the nearest exit and find another club to go to5) If you just so happen to be a baller, this is one of those times it would be worth throwing down some extra dough to save yourself the headacheAs for my night at Hakkasan, I was really looking forward to seeing Calvin Harris here on my first night in Vegas, as a matter of fact I was planning on proposing to him just because I love him that much haha. However, my dreams where ruined after waiting over 2 hours and deciding to go somewhere where we could enjoy a party from the inside instead of the line. As per many Yelpers recommendations my friends and I went to XS, end up seeing Rusko and had a blast!
3	Even though I heard mixed reviews from different people, I was extremely hyped to go to Hakkasan because of their consistent DJ lineups and vast amount of advertising.  We ended up booking a room at MGM on Thursday, July 11 to go to Tommy Trash at Hakkasan.  Here are my pros and cons about the club:Pros:+ Free admission when we showed up at 1:45 (yay for being girls!)+ Spacious and lots of room to move+ Decent sound system+ Quick, efficient bartenders and cocktail servers+ Our table was in the middle of the dancefloor so we were able to see everything!+ Clean bathroomsCons:- Awkward stage setup -- depending on where you were, you weren't really able to see Tommy Trash- Cheap looking decor- No special effects, frills, or amazing lighting- Dress code wasn't enforced -- if I knew there would be girls in maxi dresses and flip flops, I would have probably dressed more down- Strict ID checks (Mine was looked at up and down for a good minute)- Long line for elevatorsI would probably go back to Hakkasan if a DJ I liked was spinning, but I was definitely underwhelmed with my experience compared to other Vegas nightclubs.  For a place that's hemorrhaging money to bring in the biggest DJs, they could definitely do a lot more to their setup and decor.
4	In one night I checked out three clubs. Hakkasan is the third club my friends and I visited and am I glad we went!Tommy Trash was the DJ of the night.Got in free... I don't remember how...But we did. Got to ride in the elevator to go up and from there, there are stairs. The security are nice but don't mistake one for a random guy that wants to hold your hand.Drinks are expensive. Already learned that you should PREGAME. Water = $9, WHAT? And no they do not offer a cup of water.If I remember correctly there's two to three floors. To get access to their stage you need another wristband. With the DJ playing there's a block off like a concert with security guards making sure nobody passes that line.Loved the lights and there were dancers! They had cool outfits on but I couldn't see much since I'm tiny.Main dance floor in the middle, there are ramps/stairs to go to to get to it. Tables surround the main dance floor for parties I suppose. Bars are at the back with bathrooms somewhere in between.
2	TIME FOR A REAL REVIEW:A bit skeptical about visiting this behemoth of a club and NGL didn't hear the best things about it but I've partied at some of the major clubs across the nation and had to check it out at least once.CLUB reviews consist of 5 stars for each of the following:LINE:**some creepy single asian cat was the first to get there, he had his ticket and was SOLO DOLO the entire time. I later saw him inside the club CREEPPIN' .. not even talking to females just.... staring.creeped me out so much that I honestly covered my drink everytime I walked past him in fear of being drugged and taken advantage of later on that evening.Before we got in the bouncers were arguing with each other outside about which line to let in first and they didn't know WTF was going on/happening. Unprofessional to say the least but we got in rather quickly and they didn't check several peoples tickets/ID, etc. not like I care, we're all well over the legal drinking age. -1.DJ:Tiesto was like $100 on Saturday. I've seen that foreign GOON spin a hundred times and he's got mad skills on the 1's and 2's don't get me wrong.. but $100 to see him again? #NTY.Tommy Trash on a Thursday, why not? Mr. Trash ear-fu*ked all of us harder than 14-year olds getting ready to lose their V-card. This cat THREW DOWN. Mash-ups of In My Mind, Reload, Tommy Trash is a certified GOON in my book. Props sir, I left absolutely... TRASHED!! +1.DRINKS:What do you expect? Normal Vegas prices. I bought a bottle of Fiji water, it was the smallest bottle that the brand makes and it was also the most expensive. $9 for what seemed like 8-9ounces of free liquid. -1.GIRLS:Honestly, Hakkasan is so massive, such a mega-club that it attracts so many foreigners. Foreigners in a TERRIBLE way, not a good way. Broads with messed up teeth, smelled like they showered twice a week (because thats the norm where the're from), broads with body hair, and accents thicker than bulletproof glass. -1DECOR:I must applaud the decor. The mega structure hovering overhead is a dazzling display of LED lights, fog machines, confetti streamers, and a huge light wall. The brilliantly choreographed visual displays inside this club are truly one of a kind. +1.I don' think i'll be back. Too big, too much. Too overpriced, too many lines. Not enough normal females, or bathrooms.deuces
1	I now use the word "Hakkasan" as a adjective when describing douche bag events.  Like for example, if someone cut you off in line, you'd say, "Don't be such a Hakkasan, asshole!"Now let me begin my night.  Stood in line for 2 hours.  During this crappy wait, they opened another line, for people who were stupidly willing to pay double the cover charge. Hakkasan!  So happy I didn't.  Granted I made friends with a cool dude from L.A., I ended up taking my heels off while in line.  By the time we got into our rat cage of a club, I was really over it.  Had to climb stairs, that you'd find in any building in the emergency stairwell.  Except, these are all black, dimly lit for your falling pleasure.Ladies (and some men), wearing heels isn't the smartest idea.  Unless you are willing to fork over $3k for some VIP tables, your ass is standing up the whole night.  There's nowhere for you to sit down.  Due to waiting in line so long, I was thirsty, and not in the drunken whore kind of way, like I want H2O.  The bartender serves us water in a half glass, filled with ice to the brim, for get this $5.  It's tap water!!!!!!!!!  Hakkasan!The club, didn't really get to enjoy it much, because by the time we paid our cover, this place should not have allowed for us to enter.  It was packed beyond capacity.  People almost walking all over each other.  I was afraid of dying in the hallways where the elevators are located.  You can't walk, you are pushed and it's scary being in heels and dehydrated.  Those Hakkasan clubbers don't care, they just want their beats while on E.  The main room is super awesome to the eye, but I just couldn't get a chance to enjoy it's glory.  Over packed to the brim.  This club is too much, if you have the stamina, best of luck to you.  As for me, never again!  Hakkasan!
3	I went to Hakkasan twice last weekend, so my rating is an average of both experiences.1 - Thursday night.  1 starMy group of 5 girls were celebrating my birthday.  We started out at Marquee, then went to Hakkasan to check out the "hottest new club."  We get to Hakkasan around 2 am (with no one in line).  When we get to the booth, the cashier asks for $20 from each girl for cover.  We told her the promoter we met today said it was free cover for girls and they said that was before 1 am.  (We stepped to the side (no one was in line and we were not in anyone's way), so one of my friends could call my sister and see if she still wanted to meet us inside.  The bouncer told us to get out of line and that we had to go back in line to come in again.  There was NO ONE in line.  Stupid bouncer.  We were ready to get back in line, when another bouncer let us back in.  He was the only nice one.  Somehow we ended up going for free.  Yay!  I had high expectations, so the club was just ok.  It was pretty crowded for a Thursday night.  Expensive drinks.  While we were in the club, my sister got in line, the bouncer splashed some liquid on her and did not apologize.  SO RUDE!  They asked for her ID and told her she was blacklisted.  WTH?  She couldn't finish celebrating my birthday with me.  2:  Saturday night.  4 starsWe knew Tiesto was playing, so the boys got pre-sale tickets for $75 and the girls were on a guestlist.  Boys got in within 10 minutes (we got there at 10 pm).  Girls had to wait awhile.  The lines are quite confusing.  During ID check, my friend's ID was looked at for quite awhile and my sister was asked a bunch of questions for hers.  We got in 20-30 minutes later with free cover.  Hip hop room (downstairs) was nice, but the dance floor was too small.  The Pavillion was way too crowded, but that's what you expect at a club with Tiesto playing.  Somehow we made our way up to the DJ booth.  We are even pictured in Hakkasan's photos from that night.  The waterfall area is nice to chill by.  We all had a good time.  I still think it's ridiculous to sell a teeny tiny bottle of Fiji water for $8 though.
2	The staff and management here suck. The first time i came was memorial day weekend. I had texted all the hakkasan promoters and they basically were pretty much unwilling to help. They told me to go early and buy tickets at the door. So I went early (8:30 pm). They told us to wait so we did, while the presale ticket people just zoomed by. When asked, the staff said she was only in charge of presale and she did not know anything about our line. Really? your company is that disorganized? Anyway 2 hrs later our line still did not move at all. When asked they said we will get in shortly and that price to get in would be 150. At that point, I was already fed up. presale ticket was 75 and they were in the club 2 hrs before I was. I was not going to wait another 2 hr and pay twice as much as someone else, so I just left.I came this past weekend for Tiesto only. I repeat, I only gave this place a second chance because of tiesto. having learned from last time, I made sure I got the presale tickets. Again the staff at the front of the line were rude. They didn't seem like they wanted you there, but at least I didnt have to wait in a three hr line to get in this time. They scanned my ticket and I was in within 2 minutes. Then I was led to a line for the elevator. At that time, I did not know I was waiting for the elevators, I thought I was in another line to get in the club. A girl in front of me had to ask the staff if she could use the stairs and my group followed. This is awful. No body even said stairs were an option, the staff just assumed and shoveled us to the huge line for the elevator. Had it not been for the girl in front of me asking, I would have been stuck waiting. Tip for all those thinking of going, just take the stairs. If your not actually disabled, you can climb three flights. Sure beats waiting.Inside there is a floor for hip hop music (Its called Ling Ling). This was great because it was less crowded so I could get my drinks and dance to some hip hop before seeing Tiesto. After we were done with that, we went to the main electro floor. It was super packed here and you could barely move. so it was hard to dance.Id say the only good thing about this place is the actual club and the resident DJs. The club is nice and high end. The music was great due to the awesome DJs (tiesto, calvin harris to name a few). But thats pretty much all i liked about hakkasan. Will i come here again? probably not, unless my group of friends wanted to, or it was on a day my favorite DJs were playing. The two stars here are for the club design/feel and DJs only. Management and experience pretty much sucked. This place definitely needs a redo in staff. For a high end place, i expect more. For people looking to have a good time go else where. if you dont care about experience or willing to endure suffering, this place is perfect for you.
3	Nightclub was nice but charging me 9$$$ for a specially made extra small figi bottle of water is ridiculous. Way to go people just have your customers throw up everywhere instead of handing em cups of water...total turnoff
4	I totally loved this place. I went to Hakkasan my first night in Vegas on Thursday at about 1am and there was no line a 20 dollar cover and Tommy Trash was performing. The crowd can get a little overwhelming, especially boys who can't handle their partying and get very disrespectful. But the venue itself with the lights and screen, dancers, DJ booth, the tables are amazing. I went the next night and got a table for Laidback Luke, Amaris and Arthur were my handlers and the service was SO GREAT! Later in the evening our table got upgraded to a bigger and closer table to Laidback Luke for no additional charge. It was the best 30th birthday I could ask for. Do realize that there is a 40% mandatory gratuity. Expensive but the place and service is worth it if you want to do big. Still pretty good place to just go to without a table as well. My fave club in Vegas hands down. Oh and the resident DJs are top names, so that's also a huge plus: Tiesto, Laidback Luke, Tommy Trash, Danny Avila, etc.
1	This place is full of deutche bags and the bouncers are horrible. One of them pushed my girlfriend then threatened to stick his finger up her p**sy! Never, ever, ever again!!!
2	Overrated, No where to stand and decor was lacking..... My friends and I were truly disappointed. Do yourself a favor, regardless of the talent, hit Light, Marquee, XS, TAO...any place but here
4	My fave club in Vegas right now.  We bought pre-sale tickets and the line was sooo easy and efficient to get through.  The music was great all night.The drinks were a lil pricey but it's Vegas. And their tiny ass bottle of Fiji water was $9..that was a drawback, hence only 4 stars.
5	Don't know what everyone is complaining about?  I had a blast.
5	DJ Hardwell rock, love it so much!!!!!
1	Polite workers at a LV club. I never ever thought that would happen, but Hakkasan has done it. CRAZY.SUMMARY: Had to try this place due to hype but I wouldn't rush to come back here. Its made for people who have money to spend on tables, the tables have security, walls, and great views of the show. The rest of the people are left milling about with no where to sit, no where to lean,  hoping to catch a glimpse of the headliner. The air flow is horrid, and the drinks are expensive. I'd rather go to XS.GOOD:Bought presale tickets, no problems in ilne, there was no line. Friends got in free later that evening. I heard it was slow in LV with only Tiesto being a headliner.The service is GREAT. WTF right? "Welcome to Hakkasan, have a fun night!" was twice said to me. I asked where the restroom was and they kindly explained where to go instead of shining a flash light in the general direction. When faced with a crowded hallway no flashlight was shined in my face. How refreshing! Hip hop room. Had a few famous people, good music, 2 bars with few lines. BAD: $19 shot, its a shot. Woo.$9 water, no tap water will be sold to you. I did get a cup of ice once though. $15 mixed drink that even I, a person who drinks once in a blue moon, thought it was a weak drink. More like coke and cranberry juice. No where to sit or lean for a girl in heels, dance floor is crowded as usual.It is SO DARK and there are stairs. Bad mix.Bathroom is too dark. It is almost scary!
2	Ok! So the music was great!!! Had fun dancing the whole night, but unless you plan on getting bottle service then you won't be able to see the stage. Drinks are very expensive.
1	Bs service. They discriminate . Very rude workers that take their job too serious . They don't let gay people in
1	Let me preface this with the crucial fact that I have not yet been to Hakkasan. But let me follow with two words that explain this 1 star rating: customer service. Everyone working in this industry should know and value the importance of customer service, especially in Las Vegas. People travel from all parts of the world to enjoy an extravagant weekend in the one&only Sin City. So to be mistreated, disrespected, and borderline harassed before even starting a vacation is unacceptable. Let me explain. I go to Vegas a lot. And I know a wonderful promoter who always hooks it up. She doesn't work for Hakkasan, so we went through a different promoter that my friend got the number for. Dan. He told us that our guys would have to pay - and that's fine. We understood, but didn't want to go to Hakkasan and pay over going to XS for free. The text my friend sent was incredibly polite: "hi sorry I think we're gonna pass cause we can get the guys into the other clubs for free. thanks anyway tho! I'll text you in the future :)"Among other things, he responded with this:"Ur gonna favor free & have an experience prob bad because we dominate sundays vs. having time of your life which is ur coming to Vegas." "whoever u talking to is miss leading you" because XS charging is "commonly known"and repeatedly said that Hakkasan was the #1 club in the country. 1) No need to put down other clubs or the fact that our guys don't want to pay2) Don't tell us we won't have fun unless we come to your club3) It's not all about being voted number 1 by a magazine, it's about customer service and relations and in the few months that Hakkasan has been open, they can't even beat a subpar tier 3 Vegas club on Yelp - that's probably due to poor customer service.If this club expects to compete with XS, Marquee, & Surrender once the hype has died down, they should reevaluate how they treat potential guests at their club. I still plan on going to Hakkasan and I do look forward to seeing what all the hype is about. I believe that the owner of the club and those working have put a lot of hard work into making a new and exciting atmosphere for EDM lovers. But until I see for myself, my only impression of the club is through our interactions with the club's promoter - whose role is to represent and "promote" the club. Instead, his aggressive assertion of Hakkasan's superiority to all other clubs in Vegas and condescending response at our polite refusal of his offer left a bad taste in my mouth.
3	Was here 4th of July weekend and bought pre-sale tickets for Tiesto. $75 for guys and $30 for girls. There was no line with pre-sale tickets, we strolled right in. Place is packed, we were lucky we got a spot near the stage. DJ Fergie was opening up for Tiesto, music was great, lots of dancing, but oh so crowded. Need to go to the restroom? Good luck. It's so hard to get around especially with all the stairs. Women wearing heels, there is no where to sit unless you get a table which not all of them were full. I got yelled at for taking video, but wait, everyone had their phone on taking video. Lights were amazing, I will give them that. It gets crowded and stuffy. We stayed for about 6 hours, Tiesto was worth it. He was into his set and was getting crowd pumped. Was a lot of fun despite the crowds. Oh drinks are really expensive, ouch!
5	The best club I've been to in Las Vegas. I really enjoyed that there were different rooms with bars and deejays. One room had more hip hop and rap, the other had edm or club music. Loved both rooms. I went on a Thursday night and not all rooms were open but it was the best experience I've had in Vegas. I'll definitely be returning.
4	Make sure you buy presale tickets online at least 3 weeks ahead of time.As the date gets closer, you will pay higher and higher prices.Don't even try to buy tickets at the door, especially if you have more guys than girls in your group.This place is huge with different rooms.The hip-hop DJ was one of the best I've ever heard!Dead Mau5 was also crazy good!Predrink elsewhere since the drink prices here are just too expensive.
2	This is a relatively new club in Vegas that opened with great fanfare.  I still find the club scene in Vegas to be simply crazy - I'm not sure why, but here the concept of money/value isn't something people think of at all.  The whole "bottle service" concept is a complete rip-off and yields massive profits for the clubs.  On the night we went, prime tables for DeadMau5 were going for $4k - that is simply insane.Back to Hakkasan:My biggest problem with this club is the layout - each level has an odd layout.  Just finding your way around can be a challenge.  The DJ's were great (DeadMau5 was amazing - you need to check him out anywhere he plays) and I found the service by all of the staff to be very good - the security were not arrogant pricks.  There is tons of club competition in Vegas and MGM is spending a fortune to lock up high-end DJ talent in the city.  Given the layout of the club however, I'm not sure that bet will pay off for them.
4	First time visit and this is what happened: Our party of 2 girls and 3 guys arrived around 12:40am now Monday morning. We were on the guestlist (through a FB contest that I won- didnt think 40mns was a big deal). The female staff I approached said "sorry, the guest list closed at 12am " and she explained our options were to pay $20 for girls and $30 for guys OR go somewhere else. After two minutes of my group and I discussing our next moves, a male staff approaches us and I explained our situation. This bouncer was courteous enough to tell us since we were on the guest list, we would be able to get in the General Admission line and pay the reduced rate of $10 for girls and $20 for boys (thanks a lot stupid girl). The entrance was fully staffed with what appeared to be a lot of people standing around doing nothing. There are separate lines for guest list, general admission and god knows what else, super confusing- no one in either line, this made us worry. We weren't sure if there were any people inside the club and unable to hear the music (due to having to take elevator up to reach club). We all paid and got in without issues. After paying, entering the club itself could not have been any more difficult. I kept asking useless staff that were standing around "now what? where do we go?" Disoriented. Dark. When we finally found it, to our surprise, the club was packed- possibly way beyond capacity. The dancefloor looked decent sized but we were packed like sardines which made it difficult to dance and difficult to move around the club. Impressive state of the art light system and acoustics for the bass/sound system still has my ears ringing and deaf. The layout has stairs here and there which are not well-lit, the bar area is dark too, and so are the restrooms. Beware, lots of spilled drinks near the bar. We definitely saw plenty people (male and female) fall near bar and on the stairs. We were also given conflicting information about the dresscode. It seems on Sunday they are more lax and allow tennis shoes and t-shirts, etc. Our entire party was dressed up and disappointed to see some dressed down. :/I did not buy any drinks myself but its Vegas and a club so I'm assuming they are priced just like all the other clubs.Not sure how it is on other nights but this seemed like the place to be on a Sunday Funday night! If you like EDM, you can dance the night away here. Our DJ's for the night were TJR and Bambi-both amazing DJ's and had the entire crowd jumping and dancing. TJR was definitely having a good time himself- I love when a DJ can relate to his fans and dance and not just stand at a turn table and mix.  We left after 3am but I was told the club closes between 3am-4am, depending on the night/crowd. Will return before midnight next time. This place I hear just opened and is competing with Marquee, XS, and Surrender...definitely giving them a run for their money.
4	If you love mega clubs, you will love Hakkasan. If you don't, you should skip it.We did pre-sale tickets for Deadmau5 unleashed on a Friday night. We arrived around midnight and went from line to line to line, but they moved pretty quickly. We were inside within 15 minutes.What you read about the Hakkastairs is true, but for us guys it wasn't any big deal. I guess I could see why girls in 3 inch heels complain, but it wasn't a problem for us. You can take the elevator, but we didn't care to wait.The first floor we arrived on was a hip-hop floor. Not really my scene (though we did have a celebrity sighting). We continued upward. That's where the party was at.The opener DJ was world class. He did an amazing job pumping up the crowd for the main act. Deadmau5 came on around 2:00am, and didn't disappoint. The sound system is pounding (I was glad to have ear plugs), the lights and video were awesome, the kryo was awesome.My only complaint was that the main floor was so crowded. I was trapped for a while and couldn't move. I am not a fighter, but I was ready to punch a guy who kept bumping into me. If it were not for the place being so packed and the abundance of douchey people, Hakkasan would have gotten a rare 5 stars from me.So, my advice for a good night at Hakkasan: wear comfortable shoes, bring ear plugs, expect expensive drinks and a big crowd, and enjoy the world class sound and production.
5	After going to Hakkasan I don't think I would want to go to another nightclub again especially in the U.S.This was the best nightclub experience for me and all my friends. The show, the sound, the lighting, djs, service, bouncers, i mean you name it. We were seated at the owners table due to some my friends perks. The best table in the house right across from the dj booth. The cocktail waitresses were prompt and were there when you needed them. We had unlimited amounts of water, red bull and other chasers. We had our own bodyguard. I mean this was just an amazing overall experience. I will say this, do not even bother coming to this club if you are not getting a table, you will be stuck in bar lines and jammed packed dance floor.TAKE ME BACK TO HAKKASAN!
2	Goodness gracious ! Getting in was not a problem, in fact we were lucky to be comped 2 bottles and placed right next to deadmau5 dj arena! We drank the two bottles and were getting shimmy to the left and then eventually other people took over. I later was accused by a bartender who i earlier had complimented on how nice she looked (which i never do) ! She blamed me for being the girl she told apparently 3 x not to sit at a certain area of the table! I was than kicked out of the table and i pulled the rest of the girls with me! It was soo annoying! On top of that they over pact the club so going to the restroom alone, was as if we were in a sardine can, it was just plane terrible!
5	Let me start off by saying, if I could give 6 stars, I would. A small group of friends and I went to Hakkasan for Memorial Day weekend, which also happened to be one of my friends' birthday weekend. We were there Friday (Tiesto who played for 4+ hours!) and Saturday (Calvin Harris and Michael Woods) nights... Our first night (and  my first time at Hakkasan) was out of control! We waited outside maybe 60 seconds before we were walked in to get our ID's checked (don't even try if you're under 21) and then quickly led to the elevator and up to the 4th or 5th floor- it was the main dance floor. We had table 11 (directly across from the dj- TIESTO in this case, on the first tier of the dancefloor- so directly on the dancefloor) on Friday and it was, in my opinion, the best table in the place!!! We were immediately introduced to a security lead, Steven, and a guard named Arey. Both were EXTRAORDINARY. I smoke cigarettes and whenever I decided to smoke(mind you, it's VERY well ventilated), it seemed like it was ALWAYS lit before I even pulled it out...the bottle girls, bottle service assistants AND security were right there to light me up! And if someone we didn't know was hanging around the table, or whatever, security was there to quickly handle the situation. This table is not cheap, but DEFINITELY worth it if you are celebrating!! The tables have dance platforms above the tables for people (seemed like 99% girls) to dance on. In short, we never were in short supply of beautiful girls to hang out with!Saturday was a little different. Without going into too much detail, I felt a little hustled by our bottle service girl- which is expected at Las Vegas nightclubs, but all in all it was a good time. It may very well have been that the previous night was so unforgettable that I had VERY, VERY high expectations!! This night, we had a stage table. I didn't quite like it as much because we were so excluded from the rest of the club that there was virtually no interaction with the people and we were really, really far from the bathroom. But other than that, it was a lot of fun. Definitely an interesting perspective...Tips: Dress to impress, get there early if you don't have a table, if you dont want to pay an expensive cover- buy presale tickets, and be respectful to everyone.
4	This place is rated one of the top clubs in the nation. I could see why it is. The place is huge - 2 levels of dance music with multiple dance floors. If you do not want to be squished by the mosh pit I would advise to stick to the far outer dance floors which has more room to move and dance. Ladies I advise to wear low heels if any. There are a lot of stairs and I saw may people falling down them..... so take extra caution. The Pros: Great Music both techno and Hip/Hop, Hot looking men, and a FUN Time.The Cons: Severely packed (they pack way too many people in this place) if you like personal space: DONT GOT, at times the doorman are jerks (we didn't have the right promoters name in line so we were segregated for quite some time until they let us in). After all was said and done, we ended up having the right name they just had the wrong information.Make sure you get on a list for entry and have a great time. You'll definitely be out till 4:00 AM being at this club.
5	HAKKASAN.. thank you for the moat amazing night of my lifeeee! :D hahha went during their opening weekend when Bingo Players was spinning! Literally, one of my favorite nights of my life! The venue is gorgeous and huuuuge! They definitely need more seating areas! But can't complain when you just want to dance the night away because the music is on point! Their residencies are the best out of all the nightclubs! I highly recommend Hakkasan over all the other Vegas clubs!
5	Wow this place is huge!!! MGM really stepped it up! Everyone that worked there was super friendly and it was a lot of fun. The only downside is that there are so many lines out front that it could get confusing. I walked in with with someone that had bottle service so I didn't have to stand in line, but even finding the bottle service entrance was a trek from side of the club to another. But there are about 4 or 5 other lines, wonder what that's all about?
4	This review comes a few weeks late, but thought id finally give it some stars. To be short and simple...this place had tons of room to dance, had the AC blasting (never broke a sweat once!) , good sound and visuals, and a good crowd that wasn't too rowdy.  Drinks of course are pricey..but thats really the only thing i found bad about the place.  Check it out in vegas if your a fan of EDM.
2	Ugh... cramped quarters with the bizarre pool table room, hip hop room and large DJ area. Came to see Tiesto and maybe it was the crowd with a few serious douchebags... Tiesto killed it though so props to him. Probably wouldn't be back unless it was to see Calvin Harris. Hopefully they can make some changes on capacity and $9 for a mini bottle of Fiji. Meh overall
3	If you want to bypass the hectic line to get in get your ticket online. For all the hype that was talked about this place i expected a different experience. Don't get me wrong I had fun and it was a nice club with couple floors providing different types of music and multiple dance floors but I just didn't really like it. It was so packed and it was hard to get around. I felt like I was in a maze and there was millions of stairs.
4	I had lots of fun at this club! Even though I chose not to experience bottle service or any VIP extravaganzas, my brother and friends were able to get in fairly quickly. And it was not grossly overcrowded! I would go back.
4	If you're willing to wait in lines, it's fun! My friend bought pre-sales tickets and it was cheaper and faster. Since I am a girl, I was on the guest list... but so is every other girl who knows or ran into a promoter, so the line was still 30 mins. But once we got in, the place was pretty cool. Lots of rooms, fun extras like glow sticks. Good DJ's. I'll go again!  (Also, ladies, I got in with flats which I was very happy about! I stay so much longer at clubs when I don't have to wear heels all night)
4	Beautiful club, tiny dance floors.This was my first time clubbing in Vegas and I expected to be treated like a criminal because I'm young and not a female. The last time I tried to go clubbing at Light's grand opening in Vegas, the bouncers blew me off and sent me to what appeared to be a line that led to a dead end, literally.This was not the case! The staff at Hakkasan are incredibly kind, and yes that goes for the "security" as well! The black security guy (sorry I didn't get his name) even shook my hand with a big smile and wished that I had a good time at the club! The security guys are all dressed well and were not condescending at all, and all of the hostesses doing table service were professional and good looking as well.The hip hop floor was way too packed to dance properly, but the music was good. I guess this place is for EDM because the EDM floor is about three times as big as the hip hop floor and, well, it's obvious which room was more important to the owner.Fergie DJ was the main attraction that night and he was great. The production was awesome as they had great lighting and great performers. Needless to say, I couldn't hear a thing when I left the club.Fun night, definitely a good experience! One warning though, this is not a club to pick up girls. The hip hop floor is too crowded and I don't understand how you dance with a stranger to EDM. Had a fun night with my girlfriend, though!
1	This place sucked. It was hyped up so much. went there on a Sunday and the place I guess has five floors, but only two were open. the DJ SUCKED! The drinks were out rages. have to admit the layout was tight. But I would only ever go to this place if there was an amazing headliner like Calvin Harris. other than that never again. I ended up going to an outside club by harras and the DJ there was killing it compared to this guy. and no cover. I would recommend XS, ONE OAK over this place any day. felt horrible for the huge line of people outside at hakassan. they had no Idea what they were waiting for.
2	The hype about this place was why I came here. Even though, I am not a fan of EDC music, I wish I knew where the hip hop room was...because I walked to all of the areas and it was all trance music...ladies heels weren't fun walking up and down all those stairs...The line wasn't too bad, and no need to pay for pre-tickets if you find a promoter unless it is a popular DJ or celebrity. But the line went quickly, just waiting for the elevator is what made the line feel long. I would suggest to not buy drinks there $15 per person that is all watered down...I think they need to do the same thing that TGIF got caught for...Not worth the money. However, if you get a table, then it is a different story. The service is great.The club reminded me of Studio 54 and not really much changes. I did like that they had a outdoor area where there are standing tables to talk and relax and maybe sit on some of the rocks to take off the heels for a bit and heal up a little from the excruciating pain from blisters...I do want to thank you to the group, Rudy's, that let us sit and drink with them! They were so sweet to let a lot of girls sit down when our heels were killing us. =] Much appreciated! Overall, if you get a table maybe I would go back, but I don't think I would recommend coming here. I would still go to Tao, Surrender or XS.*I love the foam thingy that lights up though.**Don't go too late...valet was closed for only check-in.
3	3.5 STARSWe came to Vegas with absolutely no plan on which clubs we would go to. Our new British friends mentioned that they were heading to Hakkasan to see Tiesto so we decided to go. Even our taxi driver earlier in the day suggested we go there since it's the "top club in Vegas right now", so we knew we had to see what all the hype was about.My cousin and I got on the guestlist (thank you Dustyn!) so getting into the club was easy and the lines weren't too bad. I would get here early and highly suggest getting on a guestlist! The club was so packed around 11:30.Much like TAO, the decor of Hakkasan left me wanting more. It's definitely spacious but there was no "wow" factor, at least for me. I did love all the lights and confetti, though! There are 5 different floors but we stayed on the main floor for Tiesto. Ladies, wear wedges or bring flats because there is absolutely no place to sit! I hate wearing flats with dresses but for the sake of my already sore and swollen toes, I had to bust out the TOMS, haha. Drinks were so expensive! Two drinks ran us about $45; since it's Vegas' newest club, pricey drinks are to be expected but that's just ridiculous for vodka and redbull. They have tons of VIP tables that surround the main floor and also on the other top floors.Though we had a great time at Hakkasan and Tiesto was amazing, I'm not sure I'd be back unless there was another DJ I wanted to see or I had table service. However, definitely worth a shot if you want to try something new!
1	I contacted two promoters before even coming here to get a booth for me and 9 gfs.  They both said it would be 1k specifically for a bottle of goose & Hennessy. We get to the table reservation line and Kevin the promoter was the biggest jerk I ever worked or come across in all my years of clubbing.  Omg, he didn't know we were on his list and was being plain rude before finding out we're on his list of table reservations.  So far, I'm already irritated.  Don't treat the people who are the reason you have a job like that whether you "think" they're on your list or not. Told us to be there at 10 & we didn't get in til past 11. The gentlemen who walked us in was nice but informed it was $1075 for both the bottles.  Ok, $75 more than we spoke to the promoters about. No big deal on the price difference but a big deal on the principle.  After we get seated, hostess brings out two bottles, Fiji water and redbull with my $1800+ bill. WTF??? At this point, I'm ready to bounce.  She explained they don't have anything but Hennessy black. Once again, trickery.  Long story short, she brought out regular Hennessy, took away waters and redbull, never brought me back my receipt or credit card after I signed like she said she would.I "heard" whoever opened hakkasan did it to provide guests with great service, mark my words, I won't be back.  The ambiance was alright and if we didn't have a booth we would've left because it was way over crowded. Called hotel & club the following day to be put on hold and repeat my personal info a few times to have no luck or apology for losing my card.  So annoying to spend $1600+ and be treated like shit.  So overrated, had so much more fun at light with free drink cards and no booth.  Btw, expect to be charged a service fee of 4%, plus gratuity of 18%, and taxes.
4	Had I not spent the whole night in the hip hop room, this review would have only 1 star. Everywhere else was JAM PACKED, you could barely squeeze your way through, and if you had to tinkle, well good luck. Prices are $$$ as expected, being the new it spot of sin city. Why I give Hakkasan the 4 stars:Security guys were awesome, they looked like they actually enjoyed being there. I mean let's face it, most security at clubs look miserable. They're so easy going. the 3 guy bartenders were chill as well, friendly and efficient..LOOOOOOVED THE DJ at the hip hop room, i'm normally one of those girls that have songs i KNOW i want to hear, but i didn't for once have the need to feel like i should go (drunk) request a song. He played ALLLLLLLLLL the jams.. from old school Biggie and Jay-Z to Pharrell and Daft Punk.So there you have it! No lines at the bar, and great hip hop = EPIC NIGHT!
2	Hakkasan is the new, hot club in Vegas right now. And I'll I gotta say about it is... MEH! There's nothing special about the club that makes it stand out to remind me I'm partying it up in Vegas! Marquee, has their fabulous pool & water booths. Tryst has a waterfall. XS also has a pool plus casino tables outside.... In Hakkasan, I felt like I was still in Toronto. But on the upside, at least I can say, "BEEN THERE! DONE THAT!"
3	My girlfriends and I wanted to come here to see what the hype was all about since this place was the new "It" club. Formerly known as Studio 54, they hardly changed the layout of the interior so I felt like I was still at studio 54. However on a positive note, my friend had some connections and we got in for free and didnt have to wait in the dreaded "general admission" line.Admission into the club seemed efficient and organized, it felt as if we were waiting in line at a theme park though. There are two levels and no lines for he bathrooms and hardly a line for the bar. The crowd that night seemed to be predominantly Asian, as my girlfriends and I appreciate a bit more diversity. All in all, not a horrible experience, but would probably venture out to other clubs before coming back here.
4	I think we came here around 10:30 and the hip hop room was pretty empty.  Then we went upstairs some more into the EDM room and it was definitely more packed, haha.  The main dance floor itself is medium-sized, but since this club has various rooms and more space (and easy access to bathrooms!) I'd rate it higher than Light.Good music, and they were giving away those glowsticks!
4	I've only been here twice and both times I've had a blast! Actually I just found out they had a hip-hop room. LOL. I would love to come here and try their food sometime but have only been to the club so far. I think SOME of the staff could have a little better customer service. I KNOW you see me standing there and yet you ignore me. It's cool though... Mr. Fancy Guys with the Clipboards! I still like the club!!
5	This is definitely the new hot spot in Vegas for Summer 2013.  My girlfriend and I were not even to the front entrance and we were greeted by two very nice V.I.P. hosts.  We walked in without waiting in line with no problem even with it being a pretty big DJ(Deadmau5).  The bar was not overly crowded and the bartenders were super nice.   I would say the staff here was definitely a big factor of why i would definitely go back. The people all around were very cool.
1	music sucked. overly crowded. wont come again. unless you like techno and smelling the hairy armpits of men and women you will enjoy yourself.
4	Came here on a friday night and Rehab. We stopped by the hip hop room which was a complete ghost town and incredibly small. The dance floor is about medium sized and the place is has a lot of space. As for the music it was solid, much better then I've experienced in the past at XS or Lights. I'd rank this above Lights (the other newer club in Mandalay Bay) but lower then Marquee as the Cosmopolitan.I'd be willing to come here again. Note: Buy presale. #Trust
4	I feel so bad everyone didn't have the same expierience that I did. I went with a group of four girls probably a Thursday night I want to say..we were on the guest list and we got there later so we weren't able to hang out at a table before they were all bought out, but one of the promoters gave us 2 free drink cards each since there was a miscommunication..NERVO was playing and we had no idea going in so to see them was such a huge and wonderful suprise. I made friends with a couple employees/ promoters who were very nice and helpful..Kevin Shapouri, Stan Lopez, and Ryan solarz were a few I met who gave us their cards and helped with an awesome expierience. Loved the Gogo dancers in the top glass balcony above the stage area as well. By the end of the night I got to snap a pic with one of the girls from NERVO. I will definitely be back! It's a new club, I'm sure they're doing the best they can and still figuring out what works best.  Definitely go earlyy round 10:30 and go on a guest list for the easiest entry
3	Club is worth going to just be sure to get on the guest list so you don't have to pay to get in or wait in line. You'll run into the promoters around the MGM, they'll usually approach you and talk you into going to their club instead. Just get on the list for all of them and you'll have your pick! It's very crowded in this place, so if you like that, then you'll love this place. There was hardly any room to dance on the main floor other than to bop my head and move my shoulders. There is no way you'll find a place to sit unless you have a table. Music was good and the staff were polite. They'd shine a light for you where there was a step so you wouldn't trip. They also made sure people walked around the vomit that was on the floor. The bathrooms were clean too.
4	Even as I was trying not to buy into all the hype around the "hottest new club" in Vegas, I am an official Hakkasan fan.I came with a group of 17 - got in pretty easy at 10pm through a guest list. Girls were free, guys had to pay $40 on a Saturday night.The DJs are LEGIT. (I never say legit. I think it's a db thing to say. but... I don't know how else to describe them) I was at XS the night before, and I definitely prefer Hakkasan over XS. The hip-hop DJ on the bottom floor was SOOO good that I wish the dance floor wasn't so small. It does put a damper on dancing because I wasn't able to move after 2 hours of being there, but each song that came on was good enough to make me TRY! I definitely didn't have $3k to blow on table service, but from the looks of it, they didn't have much room either. I don't think the bottle service area looked like it would be worth it - besides the fact that they can sit down... but with a DJ this good, why would you want to?The EDM floor up top was even more impressive. The lights, the DJ, Ughh! If you ever want to feel like you're on drugs without actually taking them, then there ya go. Stand 5 minutes just watching the scene, the badass DJ and then just let the music sink in. Drinks were $16. Annoyingly pricey because I still bought more than 6 of them regardless. Anywhoo... good times :)
4	Hakkasan Definitely lived up to the hype. This club is so sick! The lighting, sound, special effects, and layout are perfect! Only 2 things that kept me from giving 5 stars. Hakkasan is to warm, turn the AC on. And the second issue is drink prices. I paid $22 for a well gin and tonic and a small bottle of water. They don't give out free glasses of water and they make sure the bathroom water is warm so it's not quenching enough to wanna drink. We had a great time partying with Michael Woods and look forward to this Sunday with Danny Avila .
4	My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our anniversary during EDC Week. We arrived on Thursday 6/20/13 for the Hardwell, Dannic & Dyro Record Release party. I had a few friends visit for opening weekend in April and they told me that I would be blown away. Boy were they right!Coming from Seattle, our best nightclub is Foundation in Belltown. Hakkasan is like Tao, Lavo, Marquee Beach, and Foundation taken up a few decibels to the point that they pale in comparison. The club is literally  stories high, so ladies please practice walking in your stilettos. Otherwise you'll be waiting in line for the highly sought-after elevators on the bottom floor. Each level has different bar and dancefloor areas, however the night we went was absolutely packed beyond belief for Hardwell. There was hardly any standing room, and while my boyfriend and I love dancing and clubbing and are used to being packed like sardines, it was a little too much. Hardwell still hadn't come on at 1:30 which we found a little insane, but overall the experience was AMAZING. The lighting and lazers inside were spectacular. The scaffolding on the ceiling is even in the Hakkasan logo! The production behind each set is superb and unlike anything I have ever seen. Tip: ALWAYS buy presale tickets. Presale ticketholders have a special expedited line. Also for guys: Wear nice dress shoes/slacks. Jeans are barely allowed in. Do not wear rave attire (ie: kandi, bras with skirts) because the dress code is strictly enforced and we saw people getting turned away.
1	I think this is the only 1 star review I have given out. Sadly enough it's based on customer service/service and value. I've seen the ABSURDLY expensive bottle list packages that have been circulating on the internet (i'll upload a picture) that they seem to be proud of. The cheapest one starting at $12,000 on up to $500,000!! A half million dollars for 4 hours of impressing your friends, co-workers, and Vegas hotties with how wasteful you can be. The second thing I'm rating them on is service. I showed up to check out this hot new club with a group of 11 friends, 7 girls, 4 guys. First they required a $10,000 bottle service to let us in, then after over an hour of waiting they and it was getting closer to 1 am, they came down to just cover at $150 per guy + $50 per girl, + $300 to the door guys to pass the line. Sad thing is we could have easily afforded the $10k table if we wanted, but the way they treated us and demanded it of us and acted as though we were a waste of their time. We ended up grabbing a huge limo and hitting another great club on the strip. I was really looking forward to checking this club out and now I could care less. One of my friends is even the General Manager and when he answered his cell, he said got no time & no tables then hung up on me. I guess I'm not A list famous enough to warrant their time. Sad day for Angel Mgt group!!! I really have supported you all around town and still enjoy your other locations.
4	Came here on a Saturday last weekend (8/10).  Girlfriend was on a guest list so she got in free, however I had to pay.  Tiesto was the DJ so the club was packed and expensive! It was $100 for males and $50 for females not on a guest list.  I normally wouldn't have paid that much but Tiesto was worth paying for.  We got here early around 10pm so the wait was very minimal for me.  Was inside within 30 mins with no hassle.  If you are certain you want to visit the club, you can buy pre-sale tickets online for a slight discount + no wait in line.  Definately recommend doing that when big name DJs are performing.  Tiesto came on at around 1:30am.  Make your way to the main dance floor before that! The entire dance floor was packed! Extremely hard to move around.  He was on until about 4am which was great. Overall the club was huge, multiple floors.  The Ling Ling lounge was downstairs for those who are not so into edm.  Drinks are average for vegas at around ($15), however they do charge for water bottles!!! I would definitely return depending on the DJ. But I don't think it's worth the price for any random DJ.
5	I thought the club was great. I'm sure if I went again the experience could be a complete 180 from our recent visit to the club.We went on the Friday of the July 4th weekend and waited in line for less than 1 hour, by getting there around 10:30. Inside was huge and had many rooms but I believe only 2 dance floors. One area featured the guest DJ - Tiesto, and the other room was hip-hop/Top 40s. The music was good, which really is one of the main reasons for going to a dance club, right?Drinks expensive as you might expect and more crowded as the night went on. Overall a really good atmosphere.
2	Let me start by saying that I recognize that I am too old for this kind of establishment, so take that into account when reading.Came here 2 nights ago for a bachelorette party.  We were on some VIP list, which never really means anything in my opinion, but somehow we made it into this ENORMOUS and overwhelming club with little waiting and no cover.  Tiesto was spinning that night and my understanding is that that is kind of a big deal.  Well, Tiesto may be all the rage, but if the club is SOOOO crowded that you can't move, walk or dance, then in my opinoin, Who the EFF cares who is spinning??  Anyway, I spent most of my time standing in line, walking in a line or waiting for elevators while at Hakkasan, so I can't say it was a good experience, but I will say that on the 3rd floor, where they play hip hop and 90's music it was a little less crowded and a little less stupid.  Had I spent most of time there and disregarded Tiesto on the 4th floor, my rating would likely be higher.
1	Worst customer service I've ever experienced, all because of this snooty check-in girl and the bouncers who think they're almighty just because they work at the newest club in Vegas. A misunderstanding of what the guestlist rules were between the check-in lady and the promoter led my group of 4 girls to wait for 2 DAMN HOURS, and we lined up on time at 11. Promoter assured me that I could get in fine by showing the entry people his text message. I explained it to the lady but she kept repeating "No, your promoter told you wrong" and BS like "It doesn't work that way". The girls were under my boyfriend's name so we got him to come out to check in and later she said with massive attitude "No, I TOLD YOU, you can't do that". Uhh what the hell is the problem? We have everything we need and we still can't get in? Even when I have ran into bumps getting into the Vegas clubs, the workers were always polite and showed sympathy.. but this chick must have been on her period or something. My promoter Lois was very nice and helpful, and rushed over to us to straighten things out. He got things fixed and told us calmly that I should have showed the girl his text, which I DID DO. Looks like she didn't even tell the whole story so she wouldn't look like a fool. She ended up having to let us in and came over with a defeated attitude to give us the comped ticket. Yeah well by this time, the club had to stop taking people in and stopped entry for over an hour. Thanks a lot for ruining our night, you D-list workers. That includes the guard who didn't even have the common courtesy to listen to us and walked away from us mid-sentence. I'd much rather take my business elsewhere like XS or Marquee who treat their club-goers with respect. They actually have room to dance and space to relax.
2	If you're looking for a place to socialize and do more than move within a 1 ft radius and get rained on by confetti paper - I would go elsewhere.  I am open to trying it out again, possibly because I just went on a crowded night or had a bad experience ... but I really didn't see what all the hype was about. It was loud, way too packed, and not all that fun.  IMO clubs like XS and Tryst will never be outdone in Las Vegas.
3	Went to Hardwell 8/16. Buying tickets in advance is a must! My crew went about 11:45 and only waited 10-15 minutes instead of the insanely long regular line. There are 4 levels to this club, so be prepared for a workout. The club is really nice itself, however, with expensive drinks and such a huge crowd inside since this is one of the newest clubs around. Its hard to have a good time unless you stay away from the dance floor. There regular lineup includes big name DJs such as Tiesto, Calvin Harris, etc. Warning for people looking to go inside the dance floor or even to the front stage. People were rude with slightly shoving and elbowing to get through the crowding. Unfortunately,  they put the EDM stage all the way on floor 4. Be prepared for walking and huge crowds!
4	Let me firstly say customer service is extremely important to me.If you rub me the wrong way, I will ignore the staff and conduct business as usual.First of all, the security and check in hosts were swift and polite, got through the guest list line in probably less than 30 mins (there were a lot of people)Ahm... Btw... I'm sitting outside in the cafe writing the review right now, keep reading you will see why.Anyway, the club set up is kind of like a dungeon/beehive, I can get a little claustrophobic so I think the air conditioning could be tweaked a bit.The third level "Ling Ling" had the most vibe for me and my crew.The Pavilion was awesome as well, I will go ahead and express that we were shoulder to shoulder in every room basically.Perhaps if I found the necessity to buy a $40 bottle of alcohol at a 250% profit, I would be more comfortable at a table.. But alas, my mind would not allow me to do that after calculating.Anyhow, one of the friends... Made a close connection with alcohol and to say the least I was babysitting, after being asked by one of the attendants inside if I was having a good night, I pretty much told her that the girl lost her lunch on the other side of the room, she was so sweet and apologized about how my night was amounting, she saw me around a few times and then when she saw how bad the girl was, she explained that we had to go, no problem, we were leaving, a security guard helped her down the stairs, sooooo sweet and polite, we left and then here I am writing this review.Please note. When you quit alcohol on a whole (Im training for a race) and step back to see how people react to it, it's either entertaining or annoying. Entertaining in the sense where it makes people absolutely insane and annoying in the sense--- you turn into a baby sitter!Ugh. RUINED my night.Finished 8.24.13 anyhow, loved the place, was a little bit of a dungeon but I had a blast!
3	Word of advise, buy you tickets in advance. This Night Club is pretty normal. I've seen better in NYC, Miami. I wish they have more performers. Maybe it was because the DJ was not too famous? Drinks were ridiculous. Prices were pretty high but I guess that's because It's Vegas. They only had one other room when were were there. The "Hip Hop room" is about the size of a class room. Very small. Song selections were pretty good though. Be sure to dress to empress. Don't be rolling up here with your jeans and Converse. They will just kick you out.
1	Lame. We arranged with a promoter to be on the VIP list to get in, and they wouldn't let us in because we were a group of 3 gay guys with no girls. If they don't want my money then I'll take it somewhere else.
1	Lame. I have been to XS and Marquee many times. Hakkasan was a complete waste of time. We arrived at 12:20 and watched hundreds of people leave. Nobody was going in. They wanted $40 to get in and refused us entry despite being on the guest list. Oh well, nobody goes to MGM anymore anyway.
3	Tiesto?  Friday night on July 4 weekend?  Our friend said, "I got us on the guest list."  I said, "Did you tell them there's one guy?  And I'm not going to have to wait in the main line am I?"Our friend messages the promoter again and he says, "Sure, not a problem but for guys it is the standard $100 cover to get in."The girls were shocked.  $100? Really?  I had to tell them, yeah, it sucks to be a guy, but that's a typical rate for a guy trying to get into a club on a weekend that has a big name DJ.  I don't mind (I'm not one that complains about things when the going rate is the going rate).  Pre-sale tickets for guys are always $60-$100 vs. being only $30-$50 for girls for all of these clubs with EDM DJs.So lucky me, getting to be the hot dog between three female buns.   We arrived in the guest list line at 10:30 and it took us just 40 minutes to get to the front of that (it's Friday, it's packed).  Mainly parties of girls in the guest line with a couple of guys here and there.   We get to the iPad check-in girls and they find our name.  3 girls, 1 guy.  Then the girl looks confused and goes to ask the other check-in girl something.  Then she comes back to us with a ticket marked... 3 girls check in the "C" box.  1 guy check in the "C" box.  We get to the cashier.  She takes our ticket.  The bouncer near the cashier is really chill, we are just talking and joking with him while waiting to go through the last ropes.  ALL OF US ARE IN FOR FREE!  You go upstairs.  Ladies with heels, there are a lot of them!  Level 3 is hip hop.  It's a rectangular floor with bars at each end.  Service was fast at both sides.  Drinks are about $15-$18 each.  Playing old school and newer hip-hop, I liked this room the best for dancing.  The dance floor was packed, but there was still room to dance.  Level 4 is where the EDM DJ of the night holds court.  It's huge.  There are go go girls walking, posing, dancing on elevated areas on the edges.  They are costumed and look like a cross between a Paris fashion show/ Cirque Du Soleil/Gothy Jean Paul Gaultier.  To get to the main dance floor you have to walk down.  There are tables/booths set up in arena seating style and then a sunken pit/dance floor.  It's live down there but not that fun because you're mashed chest to chest/butt to butt with whoever's next to you.  You're wondering how you can dance in no space and then 40 seconds later somebody walks by and wants to pass through.  It's huge, there are lots of booths, the dance floor is big, but the configuration isn't optimal.  If you buy a table facing the dance floor, you get a table with a view, but it's so detached and elevated that you don't really feel like you are in the middle of the action. It's like sitting in a suite at basketball or hockey game.  You're at the game, but you're not really with the crowd.  If I pay for a table, I want some exclusivity, but I also want people to pass by and have the feeling that I can leave my table, take two steps, and be dancing, whether in an aisle or on the main floor.  I didn't get that feeling here.  There are even more tables farther back away from the main arena area (the Pavilion).  These tables are hurtin'.  You can't even see the dance floor from most of those table.  If I sprung $1000-$1500 for one of these lesser tables,  I would feel really cheated.  There's no bar by them, people can't really dance in the aisles.  You have limited or no view of the DJ.  Chicks are not going to want to come up to a table that far away.  I kept on reading about this impressive waterfall in all the publication reviews.  I had to see it, because it sounded like water was flowing from massive rocks down and through.  It took me forever to find it because it was in the corner and... it's lame.  It's a tall dark stone slab that has water coming straight down.  Ever walked into a friends' house foyer and see a slim seven foot high flat stone water structure that you can buy and plug in?  It's like that, just way larger.  So overrated.The best "hidden" spot to get a drink, sit and relax without having to get a VIP table is the Ling Ling Lounge, which is off to the side but on the same floor as the Ling Ling (Hip-Hop) Club.  The Ling Ling Lounge is surprisingly empty, but you can sit in chairs or lounge pieces and chill out.  It has a brown/red tint to the room, so if you see that you know you're in the right place.  ***Quick & Dirty Summary***Top rate DJ lineup... Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Steve Aoki, Deadmau5, etc.  Massive, impressive club that should be checked out for it's sheer grandiose and design.  The bartenders and staff were all nice and efficient.  Drinks are normal Vegas club pricey. The regular line to get in is super long.  If you are guest listed, get in line by 10:45, as they might stop letting people in at 11:15-11:30.   I really don't like how the EDM floor is set up.  I just wish there was room to dance here.
4	I give this club gets a 4 stars. Mainly because of their setup. Everything so really nice, well of course its a new club. I like the idea how the owner took all of the top DJs to make sure other clubs run out business. Other than that, awesome DJ and vibe. The only problem is......... STAIRS! Goodluck ladies because you will complain how the elevator is packed and there are too many stairs. If not, then more power to yah! And of course, drink are super expensive.Only way to have fun is if you have a lot of money to burn.
1	Worst customer service ever! I had high hopes for this club because I have always enjoyed the customer service at MGM hotel, well the club has the worst service ever. A promoter had contacted me about getting on the guest list to see tiesto and had confirmed with me the day before that we were on the list. Cool, however after being directed into almost 5 different lines for guest list and finally getting to the front the hostesses with the iPads informed us we weren't on the list. I thought no problem because like any other club in Vegas when this happens you can just show the confirmation text right? WRONG. The girl was super rude and informed me that if I wasn't on the list there wasn't anything that she could do and we all would have to pay $50 each to get in. I tried to reason with her or ask if I could text my promoter to get her to confirm but she said if I wasn't on the list there wasn't even anything the promoter could do.  The bouncer in front was super pushy and said if we weren't going to pay we had to get out of line and pretty much pushed us out. I texted my promoter and she was super sweet and nice about the whole ordeal trying her hardest to get us in but she said they were being rude to her as well and even hung up on her. I spoke to another security guard who informed me to speak to the head promoter, a man with a super serious look on his face who I swear thought he was Bart Bass from his arrogant air and bald head. I politely told me my story and he actually said "well that's not my problem" and finally agreed to "compromise" by saying he could "help us out" by getting us to the front of the line but we would have up pay $70 each. $70?!?! What happened to $50?!? RIPP OFF!! I also find this funny cause I saw plenty non guest listers get turned away because it was "sold out" however us apparently not on the guestlist could pay their ridiculous prices to get in. What?? The only highlight was meeting a particularly sweet (and very cute) bouncer who was very sympathetic and not surprised at all by the treatment we got and said half the people we works with are stuck up because they work here and think they are special. Although I'm not so sure I would have wanted to go to this place anyway after hearing about tiesto's late arrival, having to climb 5 flights of stairs and the tiny dance floor. Surrender beats this club anyday!
1	Ok....So I just want to first start off by saying that I never write yelp reviews in fact this is only the second one I have ever written...After long anticipation I finally had to check and see what all the hype was about this club, and unfortunatley to my displeasure it turned out to be an absolute failure. There are so many wrong things about this club I dont even know where to begin....sheesh so here we go. First off when you walk in there is total darkness where not only can you not see where your'e going but there are very small narrow walkways with lots of stairs (lady's) before you actually can make it to the main floor, it's almost like a cave....Everybody is going there to hopefully see their favorite DJ...Mine is Tiesto, I have seen him perform many many times in the past 7 years...He has had only one really bad venue and that was HAZE for NYE 2010...I never dreamt any venue can ever top that horribleness....This place is by far worse...There is absolutley no where to hang out if your'e just the average guy looking to party with your friends...This club without any exaggeration is occupied by atleast 70% tables....So unless your spending ridiculous amounts of cash for a 3 hour or so show...You can't see the DJ perform at all....There are layers upon layers of tables, Not only do you have to have a table to be able to watch the show but you have to have a insane table probably spending 30k plus just to be in clear view without looking through peoples legs..lol....It's also impossible to get to the dance floor which is also much smaller than you would think....My one buddy was so nuts he hopped 2 tables just to make it through to the dance floor so he could video Tiesto...He had to fight off the GIHAD he said...haha.....Oh but wait let me take that back because there is still 30% left of the club....I would say about 20% are areas that only allow flowing traffic and main walkways, if you stop for even 30 seconds to take a peek the security is pushing you on...The last 10% is already occupied by people that aren't moving from their spots the whole night....Moving on there is NO OUTSIDE AREA...So you make this unbelievable so called club of the century with no cool outside lounge type area?...The bar areas were really tiny too...I almost feel guilty going on with this review but I just had to warn you friends out there...If your just the guy like me that pays $100 for a show please wait to see your favorite DJ at the venue you know for sure is awesome and comfortable for you....Obviously if your a baller that has unlimited funds you can just laugh this review off ....I will guarantee you though that this venue is absolutley toast by next summer so hope they get their cash now which im sure they are for what people are paying for their tables...
4	Really nice, modern club! They have everything you'd expect ... the best DJs and a huge dance floor. Somehow, it's still really really packed ... but I guess that's vegas. The upstairs is where to be ... less crowded but still fun. Getting in can be an issue at times, but that's the same everywhere else. Drinks are pricey, but that's Vegas for you.
2	I'm giving this club two stars based off of the look and design. It's pretty tight! But other than that I had the worse time here. They say that dress code is extremely enforced. Why am I seeing guys and friken tennis shoes. I totally could have worn flats instead of the uncomfortable heels I was in. And the only seating they have available is for reserve only so your expected to Stand the whole entire time. When my boyfriend went up to buy a drink it was 14 dollars and he gave the bartender a 20 and didn't even give him his change back. WTF?!? Just because u work in a snazzy Las Vegas nightclub doesn't mean you can take people's change as your tip! Really rude!!! I will never come back.
1	REALLY?!?! This is the MGM GRAND! This is the Head Honcho of all Hotel/Casinos and this is the club they come up with? CONS (should be first):THERE IS NO "WOW!" FACTOR HERE. The design layout is poor. Stairs? Way too dark! Bathroom is even darker. (I don't wanna know what this place looks like when the lights go on.)The sound system was specifically directed towards the center floor. Having to look up at the show for 15 minutes per hour. Hip hop room was too small and felt like a labyrinth to get through. Drinks are way over priced. XS doesn't even charge $16 for a simple drink! Vodka & water. $16??? Really?!?! Was too pricey to get in. Paid $100!!! $50 to walk in, $50 more to cut the line. Didn't realize that when I was the only guy w/ 13 other girls. Thankfully the girls chipped in and paid $60 for me. I got bored. PROS: Cool light show if you're on one. Major headliners performingEveryone dresses to the tea since its new right now. I hate seeing "that guy" wearing chucks. Really? Wear big bro's clothes! The Sound System was pretty cool. I like it when my body can rumble with the bass. The top floor was nice to over see the dance floor and ppl watch. The staff is super friendly Overall I would not go back. I would not Pass Go. I'd rather go to Jail. MGM is only good for Wet Republic right now which is making a come back. I choose Wet over Beach Club just for the craziness.
3	I'd give Hak 2.5 stars. Heard so much hype about Hakkasan so HAD to check it out over the wknd with my friends. Us girls got in super quick through a promoter, mind you we had to get there between 9:30-10 (but hey that's how it always goes). The layout is okay, pretty much looks like a 2-level club from the main dance floor, but there's separated rooms that make it the "5-levels" they advertise? Lights and ambience is pretty cool but just really overhyped for the most part. Oh. & unless you have a table, you literally cannot sit anywhere inside. aaaaand... 5ish standing hours for a girl in heels? The only place you can sit is on a toilet seat? Mmmmmmmmm get me in sandals and stick a Fat Tuesday in my hand and i'll be about 10x happier. Tiesto played the night we were there which was cool. But by the end of the night though the club was literally SO packed that you could. not. move. I'm pretty dramatic but I'm not even over-exaggerating. Dancing? Out of the question. Being pushed around and unwillingly touched by all the other semi-miserable people stuffed alongside there with you.... HMMMMMMM. HAK GETS AN A+ RATING FOR THAT. Get me to XS PRONTO POR FAVOR.
3	All Hype!It's really not that big of a club. In doors only. So us NON-SMOKERS will have to inhale the secondhand . DEATH TRIP! They pack the place up so much that when the resident DJ's spin, you can't move. Now, if you have a table then it's a different experience. A designated location for you and your gals to dance at. Designed like the Marquee...I'm sure it's the same owners of that club too. 3 floors, Hip hop room, main floor: EDM, and the balcony level to people watch because you sure as heck can't do much up there went the party's downstairs.Got to try it once, for me twice is enough.
4	This review is only for the club.This new club has quite the line up of DJ's, and the weekend we were there Tiesto was spinning on Sat night! Being that he is among the top DJ's on the planet, we figured it would be packed so, of course, I turn to my fellow Yelpsters for advice...Let me confirm and clear up a few things now that I have been there. First the nerve-wrecking stairs, this is a 5 story spot, but the club is only 3 stories. You enter on the main floor, so if you are there for EDM, stay there and no stairs. The main floor is the middle, so if you are there for hip-hop go downstairs, and now I can see a problem.Second the non-VIP seating policy, there actually are places to sit for non-VIP. If you go downstairs, damn stairs!, you have two directions at the bottom, straight in the main room or do a 180 and walk down the hall. The back room is open seating, at least until the promoters sell the seat as VIP, but to us it seamed like we had a place to sit all night. Plus those bartenders are way less busy and hoooook it up!Third the nice staff, this one is true! These were without a doubt the nicest bouncers and bartenders we had ever dealt with, and we have been to clubs from SF to Ibiza. It was a much better feel than the normal steroid-staredown that you get from most clubs in Vegas. Fourth the dress code, this is normal for Vegas, smart casual. A previous post mentions flip-flops, I did not see any, but let's face it a dress code is 99.9% for the guys so maybe she did sneak in with them on...Fifth the music in the hip hop room, the posts about the gangster rap are probably from people that did not stay down there long enough, we really felt there was a good mix of many genres of hip hop, but we were there for Tiesto!Last the dance floor, prior posts are accurate, there is little to no dance floor for a club that holds 5000 people. The main dance floors get so packed that it becomes more of a collective fist pump rather than dancing. We found that upstairs was the better place to dance. There is an open area up there, and while not technically a dance floor, we sure turned it into one! Oh and you can see the DJ booth from up there, if you look through the VIP's lining the rail. The lack of dance floor space is the reason I knocked a star off. All in all this is a great club, and with DJ's like Tiesto how can you go wrong.
3	Great nightclub. Was escorted directly in by a promoter friend of a friend so not commenting on entry.Dress code is standard club--look cute! #DUHHiphop room downstairs is WAY too small. WTF! lolThe only thing that I don't like is that if you don't have a table, there is no where to sit or "take a break" from dancing. Also the upstairs portion you can't even really look below to the main dance floor because the design has booths ALL the way around it. The stairs really throw me off too...I can see this as being disastrous for people who can't hang with partying. I was offered a table for $1K incl 2 bottles but passed because I really just wanted to check it out and hang for a bit before venturing to another spot.Other than that, typical/standard new club with a great sound system, lighting, and lots of people.
4	Hakkasan, well more like HekkaINSANE. I don't know where to begin. If you are planning on going here, I hope you are getting bottle service. Don't even waste your time here if you aren't getting bottle service because it is SO PACKED you will not be able to move. If you are a girl, good luck trying to get onto the main dance floor.  By good luck I mean I hope you are 7 feet tall or you have a spaceship to teleport you onto the dance floor. There is absolutely zero space to even move. Head bopping will be your only dance move,maybe a few shoulder raises, but you'll be preoccupied with pushy sweaty miserable people. So bottle service here is about 5 grand for the bottom floor. If you're behind the first 2 rows of tables, you won't be able to see anything because girls stand on the couches. The tables in the back, forget it! You won't see anything. Don't waste your hard earned money on those tables. Now if you're really trying to have a good time, do VIP. The VIP booths are on the 2nd tier aka the 5th floor on the elevator. Be prepared to drop at least 10-15 grand for one of these booths. Yep, you read that right. I came here twice on VIP booths and I had the absolute best time of my life. First time, I saw DJ Tiesto. 2nd time was Hardwell, who played a pretty sick set. So, the VIP booths- Not only will you get the best view of the epic lights and sound system, you will have space to dance or sit, whichever you prefer. You will also get a premium view of the awesome dancers. Hostesses are very attentive and nice. I danced my ass off and it was incredible. Looking down at the main floor from the VIP booths, I could see that it was absolutely packed down there. Insane. On the night with Tiesto, it looked like the club was at 200% capacity. Hardwell, more like 500%. i have never seen more people packed onto a small space in my life. BUT, very important- air conditioning was blasting the entire time and I didn't break a sweat. A+ for that, Hakkasan.The bathroom situation is fine. Bathrooms on every level and the lines weren't so bad. Also, easy to get a drink from the bar as the lines didnt look too long, although I had bottle service I cannot speak of the service at the bar. I also heard that they do not give tap water here so be prepared for overpriced water bottles. All in all, great place to be if you can roll deep. If not, don't waste your time, way way way too crowded as other reviewers have stated. So minus 1 star for the fact that normal people can't just come dance and have a good time because there is no room and it's expensive, maybe the most expensive place in Vegas.
1	WAY WAY WAY too crowded, lame layout, a hassle getting in, employees with attitude on power trips, expensive drinks even for Vegas, plus a TON of people got their phones and wallets stolen out of their purses (while they were holding them on the dance floor!) the night I was there and I see from other reviews that it wasn't an isolated incident! Too bad because I'm a fan of several of the DJs that are currently residents there. I won't be going back and I suggest you stay away as well.
1	Dear Calvin Harris,I had an AMAZING time at Hakkasan this past weekend, especially when you were on the decks, but many of my friends did not because their cell phones and wallets were stolen right out of their purses while they were on the dance floor. Could you please speak to Hakkasan management and urge them to increase security or safety for their patrons so that cell phone theft rings don't attack good people just out trying to have a good time?  I don't have an exact number but I spoke to at least 20 girls who were pick-pocketed this past Saturday night (6 of which were in my group of friends) and many lost such valuables as their cell phones and wallets (including their IDs), which means their Vegas hopes and dreams were pretty much sunk as soon as they were ROBBED under the watch of Hakkasan Management.Anyways, I know this is a shot in the dark and you may never even read this, but in the off chance that you do PLEASE bring this to the attention of Hakkasan management so that this type of thing doesn't happen again. I just don't want these thieves running around Las Vegas ruining anyone's good time. Thanks for listening and keep making beautiful music...YOU ARE THE MAN!Love,Mike
1	Ladiessssssss....hold tight to those purses!If you're a woman standing on the dance floor with a purse, you're a target. There's some kind of crime ring happening that can ruin an entire Vegas trip if they get their hands on too many personal items. They appear to be pick pocketing cell phones and if they can wiggle a wallet out while they're at it, game on. A handful of girls in our group noticed their cell phones were missing about an hour into the night and once those of us that still had ours started flashing the ground to see if we could find them, ladies dancing around us jumped in announcing that their cell phones had been swiped, too.Sadly Hakkasan's security guys couldn't do anything about it, because their job is to keep the fire lanes clear and keep bottle service VIPs away from the commoners. It's a shame because if they had just put a few more security guards on the dance floor after the many complaints we sent their way about the situation, some people could have been safe from the thievery.Losing your phone or ID on a Vegas weekend is probably one of the worst scenarios you can think of because your whole life is put on hold and you have to jump through hoops (while on vacation) to get everything back in order.Props to securing kick ass DJs and the unlimited confetti budget, but there's a serious issue taking place under Hakkasan's roof that needs to be addressed. And fast.
1	This club doesn't even deserve one star!!  The reviews on here are all accurate.  We were contacted via Instagram by a promoter and got put on the guest list.  We arrived and spoke to a security person the directed us to a line. Once in line we were approached by another security person and asked if we were on the guest list, we responded yes so he pulled us out of line and redirected us.  We arrived at our new line only to be told to go back to the other line??  What??  We explain the situation and are told " find the uh that pulled you out and he can put you back in your spot". We find the guy and guess what he says he can't " cut" the line.  We left and went to Haze and had an amazing time.   Unless your ready to stand in line for hours and be treated rudely by staff that don't know what they're doing avoid this club!!!!
3	When you enter this grandiose space full of granite and wood there is the stage and dance floor one level below you.  The music is pumping, bodies gyrating ang lights a flashing.  If your late, good luck getting to the dance floor. You will spend most of your time walking around the aisles trying to get a peek at the DJ from the bar areas on the left or the right.There's a bit more space to the right where there's more standing areas that are slightly elevated.  Drinks are standard $15 and tiny Fiji water for $9. You can't get a tap water here so don't bother asking.  The club is 70% table service with the expensive ones closer to the floor.  If you got a cheaper one near the side bars forget about seeing the dance floor as its tiered and people standing on each level.The aisles and bars take up another 20% and dance floor 10%.  It's a nice club, but it's geared towards maxing revenue and not comfort where you can move around freely like XS with there outdoor area.  People smoke inside, but the AC works pretty good.  They have the best DJs now but you will enjoy the music and not see your guy mixing unless your crammed on the dance floor like a sardine.  Your only retreat will be the ling  ling room downstairs but now your on a difft level.  Not my favorite club, but might come back. Be sure and get a presale ticket to avoid the long GA line.
3	The staff was decent and the ambience is good but not spectacular for a brand new Vegas club. It certainly didn't blow me away. They make no effort at limiting crowd size so when my two buddies and I went on Calvin Harris night it was uncomfortably crowded. I'm not sure who was having a good time. I suppose if you wanted to drop 5k minimum on a table than you can shelter yourself from that. Otherwise I wouldn't go back to this club again especially if there is a major headliner in the club.Speaking of C Harris, his performance was pathetic and I'm even a fan of his music. It was like he just plugged in his iPod and went to sleep. I'm embarrassed I paid what I did to see him. 100% not worth the high admission or frustration of having to combat the crowd.I highly recommend Steve Angelo if you are looking to see a world class DJ. We saw him in June at XS and it was incredible. Night and day from Calvin Harris. Three stars because after all that we still managed to meet some nice babies. No shortage there.
1	Too many ppl so little space....it was really disgusting and the ppl were low class disrespectful did not enjoy it at all and I don't see this club staying open for a long time....only reason came here was for Calvin Harris
3	Can't even lean against the side of the couches. This place doesn't even have a outdoor patio for fresh air. This place is too stuffy and has no friendly staff whatssoever. Also they need a picture of your girls if you want to be on guestlist. Okay Mr. Fancy Superficial dumbass.... & once you do get approved or w.e; they tell you you're on guestlist but once you get there, they tell you that you have to pay a reduce fee. Paying is fine, but at least give us a heads up.. and not tell us when we arrive. Whatdabullshit?! This club is dumb and totally not as promising as the hype. I had a bad first experience.. came back a 2nd time to give it a 2nd chance, but still its a disappointment. Never will i come back to this Hakkashit nightclub.----------------- EDIT ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------10/3. I slightly changed the ratings from 1 star to 3,  maybe 3.5, but 4 indicates that I'm a fan but I'm really not. This past weekend, I gave Hakkasan another go. To be honest, I had a lot more fun this time around versus the first two times I've been here. I love the hiphop floor more than the edm floor, so their hip hop floor is pretty nice. Our host for our table was extremely nice and funny, I think his name was Max but I might have forgot his name, but he was pretty cute. The hostess at our table was really helpful and sweet! So not all the staffs at Hakkasan are unfriendly!  This visit would've been a 5 ratings or even a 4 but around 2am, the bouncer kicked us out of our table because we didn't have any alcohol beverages anymore on the table, I didn't know or wasn't notified that you have to have drinks at the table at all times in order to stay there. Bummer.... Regardless of getting kicked out, things was going fine, until two of my friends lost their wallet because someone pickpocketed him. this had happen almost consistently; once this trip and another back in August.  My friend who lost her phone did not drop it because it was in her purse that was zipped up. I don't really blame Hakkasan for the thefts, since it could happen at any nightclub, but people should just be extra careful when they go to Hakkasan. Go hard for another nightclub! :)
4	Ok, for the people who left crappy reviews for this club for typical reasons, you are hilarious lol...First I will give my review:The door people/bouncers/managers---All were super nice. Gaz was awesome!!! The club itself---Beautiful club! Super cute and multiple bars everywhere. I never once had to wait in a long line to get a drink..Or shall I say my free drink that was given to me from management. Yes I know girls get what they want in Vegas but not every girl gets that lol.The music: It is what it is. Tiesto was on that night. I am not a huuuge house fan so obviously I left the club sooner than later but that doesn't make it a crappy club.My response to the terrible reviews this place was given:Umm..Your stuff was stolen??? Duh! You are in LAS VEGAS in one of the hottest clubs on the strip! Be smart and hold on to your stuff!! Of course it will get stolen!! No matter how wasted you get, you should always keep an eye on your personal belongings! "It's too packed": LMAO AGAIN, You are in VEGAS!!!! EVERY club will be packed!! Knock it off! "The drinks were over priced": DUH!!! Starbucks in Las Vegas is overpriced. lol!! Again, be smart, think, hmmm maybe prices are through the roof because I am in the MGM GRAND in Vegas.... Ding Ding!!! Light bulb! I really had no reason to not like this place. I thought it was cool. It sucks that I paid for a ticket, then ended up getting in for free and cannot get a refund, but that's my fault. I agreed to the terms. Hope this helps all you yelpers of clubs out there! :)
5	Came here on Sunday of Labor Day Weekend 2013 and had a FABULOUS time.. Thanks to my wonderful VIP host Ana M. & also to Janneper H. We thought we were just getting a regular table with bottle service but were pleasantly surprised with a VIP SKYBOX and may I suggest that the skybox is definitely the way to go here! You get your own spacious private room with a balcony overlooking the dance floor.. You also get your own restroom, restroom attendant & security right outside your door! The energy was great, the music was poppin & over-all it was a great time with some great friends..The main reason I am giving Hakkasan 5 stars is the wonderful service we received from everyone who works there starting with our cocktail server (who danced with us & made yummy drinks all night) + the server assistant (who constantly picked up all fallen ice cubes & kept things refilled)  to the security (nice security? ...what a rarity! The bouncer outside our door had no problems taking lots of pics for us & the doorman outside the club actually shook our hands and smiled saying thank you for coming to Hakkasan this LDW) and of course, can't forget my beautiful VIP hosts.. I've heard of complaints on how there is no outdoor patio but it was cool and not smokey at all inside the club so this did not bother me.. I have also read that there are lots of stairs but we took the elevator so that also did not bother me.. So if you want the VIP treatment check out Hakkasan ;]]] HOT TIP: Sundays are industry nights ~!!! & There are multiple floors for different music genres!
4	A nightclub experience is what you make of it and me and my girls made it a fun, classy night to remember.The layout of this place is awesome. When the elevators door open and you walk into the main room its POPPIN'.  We ventured into the different rooms and had a blast in the hip-hop room awhile. That room was small but the music was so fun and oldschool and brought me back many memories! As the night progressed we met up with our friends at a table upstairs looking at the DJ. We could see the entire club dance floor and had a perfect view of Calvin Harris. Sitting at a table is nice in here because it gets super packed and I was able to rest my feet and enjoy the cocktails/show. There was confetti and smoke blast galore! I tried to dance on the main floor once but it was too much for me...but I expected that on labor day weekend. Another big plus for me was the ventilation of this place, I never felt too hot! If you're in area I think it's worth trying..
5	We had the good fortune to experience the excellent service at Hakkasan Lounge on the second floor for drinks and conversation.  Then when we were ready we went up to the 4th floor the second level of Hakkasan Night Club.We could see over the dance floor and the DJ and entertainment above.  We enjoyed people watching for a while and then decided to go down to the large but crowded dance floor.  This is a high rollers night club; don't come if you don't have money to spend.  * The service 5 stars * The Entertainment 5 StarsGreat way to spend a night with friends...
4	As a 44 yr old guy that grew up in the 80's and the advent of electronic music, who in his 20's ushered in the Rave movement I enjoy EDM. I was by myself looking for a hip, hi-nrg, posh nightclub where I could just enjoy the music and the ambience. Hakkasan didn't dissapoint. You have to come here with the right attitude. Expect to pay a lot for drinks, expect to be ass to elbows on the dance floor and expect to pay an expensive cover charge. Also expect an awesome lazer light show that changes your whole perception of the room. Expect some good fog machines and skilled dj's.This place was exactly what I expected and well worth the couple 100 I spent there. I left early but enjoyed every minute of the experience. When my old knees got tired there were plenty of places to go and get away from the crowd. A definate must see if you want to enjoy some relevant music without the pain of hip hop and top 40.
1	came for a calvin harris night with presale tickets ($75+fees from online).this place lacks an outside area where you can chill and talk. wasn't worth the hype.
1	I have never given a club I haven't stepped into a poor rating. It's just not something I really see the point of. But it's the principle of the matter, so I'll make the exception right now. Rewind, it's my friends 25th. We're from the east coast. We go at around 9. Mind you, that's early because in NYC and NC where we're from you go out at 12 EARLIEST. We wait on this line that seems to have been like 500 people deep and stretches throughout the MGM Grand hotel. It's now two hours later, closer to the front but not yet there. Bouncer checks IDs. No one is mentioning cover or anything. We get to the front and we're told $150 pp for just a cover to get in. We look waiting for Ashton to come out along with his punk'd camera crew. Since, you know, that's insane/ ridiculous. Nope. They were serious. So let me get this straight Hakkasan. You tell people to get there before 10 for free cover, hold the lines to make them long and DON'T let them in before that time. Then charge a high price? Good riddens. No. In hindsight, this was the month they opened so they were probably riding the "I'm the new hotspot in vegas wave". We were still annoyed and did NOT go inside. Tell people the cover before they wait hours on the line. Give them a choice. Would never return. I prefer hip hop anyway so 1OAK may be an option next time.
2	Ugh. Hakkasan is one of those cases when I've learned to trust my apprehensive instinct of not going to this kind of places instead of paying an extra amount of money to check it out of curiosity.  For it's price, it's an extremely over hyped club that requires you to spend quite a bit of money in order to truly have 'fun'. First off, for so many stairs to walk around, I understand why there are absolutely NO places to sit down/rest (unless you have table service) Even when my friends and I managed to find an area to chill or to take off our heels, there are guards on your case to wear your shoes and back on the dance floor... Really? Despite all the electronic music up on the main floor, I actually enjoyed being down at the hip hop room but did not appreciate the trek going up and down the stairs..Despite the guards telling you to stand up, most of them were pretty nice and welcoming when we entered in the club. Word of advice for girls: Unless you have table service, be sure to have an extra pair of flats to wear because taking off your heels to rest your feet will not cut it! Better yet, go somewhere else..like Marquee or Light to satisfy your clubbing experience!Word of advice for guys: Take a moment to SERIOUSLY consider whether it's worth your money to pay nearly $100 to get in, for a DJ that's probably over-hyped at this point.
5	I don't know what to say.... Every single time I've been here, I honestly have the time of my life.  Take it from me...a local who has been to literally every single club here in town. Whether you get bottle service or not, this venue will deliver. Hakkasan's DJ LINEUP..... Need I say more?!
3	This club is the new hit in Vegas for being so big but I didn't see anything that great about it. There's so many stairs. For a girl in heels and having to go up and down stairs all night to go back and forth between rooms is a hassle. The main room at the very top of the stairs is where they have their big shows/djs. The set up there sucks because there is a row of tables lining the front area and everyone stands up at those tables so you can't even see the performer no matter where you are standing. Always fun staring at a bunch of people's backs when a top DJ is playing and you paid money to see them. Same for the balcony in this main room. Just a row of tables right in front of the balcony so you can't see anything. Club is definitely made to try and force people to get tables. On the other hand Lights was a really awesome club. I suggest going there for shows instead.
4	I was pleasantly surprise with my trip to Hakkasan. I've heard rumors, read Yelp reviews, but when my beloved Dada Life comes to town, I feed the Dada and took my first trip to Hakkasan.I am fortunate enough to have a good friend that can show up to any club at any time and gets walked right in, not only did we walk right in, his friend gave us 6 drink tickets. Free drinks, 2.5 second line wait, all systems go!Once we got inside, I was overwhelmed. This club's layout was horrible. I mean, illogical and chaotic. My real beef is that you can't really see the DJs, at all. It was a hot, hot mess. Overpacked. Bodies everywhere. Bouncers didn't really enforce keeping walkways clear. Fire hazard. Thankfully, my friend and I pre-gamed and the free drinks didn't hurt either. The entire venue smelled like incense. I thought this was a nice touch.The sound and lighting system were also a bit funky. I feel that Hakkasan is a generic Light. I was having a conversation in this club with Dada Life slaying it and didn't have to scream or speak loudly. Please, pump up the volume. The lights and the screens look like they were put together using Microsoft Paint. Step up your audio-visual game, y'all. As for the customer service, it was amazing. The staff, bartenders, and waitresses were all exceptional. Thoroughly impressed.As for people complaining about prices, it is a Vegas club with MEGA BIG NAME RESIDENT DJs. Through that in, then add a holiday weekend in VEGAS, tadah! Vegas isn't Sin "cheaply" City. You get what you pay for, the experience, the comfy seating, the beautiful women slinging drinks, the top talent DJs. Yes, Hakkasan is a bit more expensive than other spots on the strip, but look what DJs are dropping beats. If you have the money, shell it out, it is needed in this place for a good time. Otherwise, see who you know that can hook you up with a comp bottle and then worship that friendship because some of the best and most talent DJs spin here. Also, it is normal for the headlining DJ to not come on until 1 AM or so,me have after hour spots opening at 3 AM. Again, don't slam a business for not knowing how the industry runs.Hakkasan is alright. It's not the most amazing club I've been to, but it is a okay establishment. It's really a 3.5 star place, but there are so many people giving the place BAD reviews for amateur reasons, I rounded up.
5	I've had a great time every time I've visited this club.  The overall experience has always been good for me.  Let me break down it as easy as I can.Staff:  From Security, the bartenders, waitresses and hosts.  Everyone has been professional and has given me first class treatment.   It seems like if you're nice to the staff and personnel there, they were more than happy to go above and beyond in customer service.  Regardless, everyone I've encountered has been great.  The staffing levels were effective in ensuring a great experience for everyone.Headliners:  I've seen Calvin Harris, Hardwell and Tiesto there a couple of times.  The Big Name Resident DJs won't come on until later.  1:30 AM would be considered early for them coming on.  The Sets and the experiences have been fantastic.  Sound and lighting seem to work well with whomever is showcased.Venue Setup:  The main room where the DJs are showcased can get crowded quickly but it's just big enough to hold enough people for an intimate concert that would be hard to find anywhere else.  There are many levels with lots of stairs.  Ladies please be careful with your heels.  The Ling Ling room is a nice little get away when you actually have to have a conversation with someone.Price: I'm fortunate enough to not have to worry about the entry but most people I know pay $50  at the door.  I've heard entry as high $100 on some nights.  Beers are about $12, Shots & drinks at $15.  This is not the night club to go on a budget on.   Treat this like a bachelor/bachelorette party mindset in Vegas:  It's going to cost some $$$ but it's better to throw down the money for a good time versus not to.  If you want to frequent Hakkasan without having to spend some money, just like any other place in Vegas or life in general, it's all about networking.Summary:  It's the most popular nightclub in Vegas with the best mega resident DJs with high end appeal.  To expect it to be anything else would set you up for a disappointing evening.  I'm not there every weekend but I'm there to see my favorite DJs and I have yet to be disappointed with the experience.
1	HAKKASUX with a big fat... SUCKS! - hehe i came up with that "hakkasux" thing when i was pretty... gone that night so.... i'm kind of proud of that :O) apparently I harassed the bouncer... just a teeeeeensy bit that night... "excuse me, what's your name again? i'll have you know that I'm an elite yelper" - alright so i fibbed a little bit but hey... i was once an elite and i plan on applying again for the new year ;) anyways, i told the bouncer I'd be sure to write up a review for this club and no no...it wasn't gonna be pretty. don't mess... with an active yelper. ohkay?! important stuff: - just don't go here. - go to light. go to xs. go surrender. anywhere... ANYWHERE else but here. - bouncers are constantly trying to kick people out -__- so have fun, but put that sober face on when one of those buzz killers walk by. - bouncers at the door are stupid. don't waste your flirting energy on them.- hold on to your belongings, apparently it's a normal thing for people to get their stuff stolen from their pockets, purses, etc.. one occurrence is just bad luck but it sounds like others experienced similar happenings at this club... soooo, yeah... SHADY much??! - the main DJ's come on around 1am and after... making us girls have to arrive before 10:30pm for a phoney "guest list" line and the making us pay $30... can you please tell me WHO the heck wants to wait until 1am for some DJ to come on, when guys here are having to pay 80+ a person and girls are having to pay... any money, period for this shiz. -_- you'd think these DJ's could actually work for the money they're getting paid...so here's how it went down. it's Labor Day weekend and sweeeeet, girlfriend got us onto guestlist for free! ........NOT!  don't fall for their "guestlist" shiz. it's a total scam. they tell you you're on guestlist, u wait in a long line, and then last minute at the door they tell you there's no guestlist for that night and cover is $30. excuseeeeeeme?! i don't mind paying a cover, honestly i was pretty surprised to hear there wasn't a cover for that weekend. low and behold, they pull one of their dirty little tricks and i had to waste $30 for a night at this lame club. if you're going to charge a cover, then let us know straight out. shady business = me writing a really bad review for your club and then telling all of my friends and friends of friends to never come party here. and like i mentioned above, a friend of ours got his wallet stolen while on the dance floor... we thought it might have just been bad luck for him, but after reading other reviews...sounds like this is something that happens quite often at this club... interesting...... honestly i'm not a huge fan of edm, i miss the old hip hop clubbing days... so i basically only go to vegas clubs when my friends ask me to come along... with that being said, when i end up having to pay for this kind of stuff... and then end up having to wait hours for some dj person to come play some music you can't even dance to... yeah. i get kind of unhappy. and then i write up a 1 star review like this... when you see all these other elite yelpers writing up 1 star reviews... you KNOW this place ...sucks.
3	go just to say that you've gone..we had no lines / no cover - dj was cool - dancefloor was packed. kinda small and feels crampedtake me back to xs asap
4	Came here with a bachelor party.  Got bottle service, over priced but that's expected.  Great atmosphere and music.  On the night we went, women were beautiful and friendly.  Staff definitely did their job on making us feel comfortable with drinks, ices, and cups.  Not the best club I went to but definitely up there.
2	HAKKASAN IS CRACKIN', always. Not gunna lie, it's the hottest club in Vegas and Tiesto tears shit up all the time. The crowd is massive and so is the club. If you're into PACKED ass sweaty clubs, this is the place to be. I'm sure hakkasan will be WAY better once the hype dies down. Venue wise, it's a dungeon. There's multiple sections, but I'm not into that shit. I like it when I can see the whole crowd and get excited at how many people there are. NO JOKE this place was WAY too packed when I went during memorial weekend. I mean like you're lucky if you don't have a bruise on your head. Plus everyone is on something so you're gunna be pushed around by people that don't know they're elbowing the shit out of you. Hakkasan bought out Tiesto and Deadmau5 which is tight, but how can you enjoy yourself if you can't even move? The history of how this club opened in MGM grand is pretty cool though. Supposedly the guy that opened it pushed unlimited funding into the club to make it the hottest club ever. Don't know the exact story, but i remember it was pretty interesting.ANYHOW, GOOD CLUB. GOOD MUSIC, SUPER POPPIN and very CRACKIN'. But you're gunna be pissed if you're not SUPER intoxicated with something. I mean even if you were, you'd prob be super irritated. Anyhow, i love hakkasan, but only because we got a table. But when I tried going to the dancefloor i wasted an hour trying to get back to my table. Just speakng for those that aren't gunna get a table..um good luck. The maze is purty intense yo.
2	Hakkasan. Well this was my experience. I'm a club promoter so I got in for free and had a table. Still I feel like my wallet got raped. Miserable bartenders, obscene prices, and BY FAR the most pretentious idiots I've ever met. One creep in particular wouldn't keep his distance, so I called him an "unspeakable" name. In return, he made an ass of himself trying to get me thrown out of the club for rejecting him! In return he was thrown out for being a belligerent idiot. Kudos to the bouncer:) Over crowded, over priced, there is far better in town. Save your sanity and go elsewhere.
1	Overcrowded and overrated!!!WAY too many stairs..as many other reviewers have mentioned. Very dangerous for drunk girls with heels (or even sober girls with heels) indeed. I'd go to other clubs that actually has fewer stairs so you could get around without being paranoid about tripping on the steps!!
3	Our promotor got me and my guy on the employee guestlist, so it was free for us both with hardly any wait (go early!)  Hakkasan is notoriously popular right now and being on the GENERAL guestlist is a long torturous wait and guys will still have to pay. Liked the cool entrance into the club, the look, and the music, the fact the bouncers kept the floors clean and clear. However, I felt like I was stuck in a beehive! It was so crowded I could hardly move anywhere. To make things worse, there was this annoying girl,drunk off her mind, dancing and jumping all over. She inconsiderately pushed and elbowed everyone around her and kept harassing the bouncer who didn't kick her out! Next there was a guy standing there and chain smoking his youth away- and mine. My lungs were burning afterward. The people ruined my experience, but the club itself seem great. In conclusion, I'd give it a second chance, but hope I just don't get physically and pulmonarily attacked next time.Feel free to ask if you need promotor contact info.
4	I understand why all the ladies hate this club, but I LOVE IT. WHY?! HIP HOP ROOM. That hip-hop room plays top 40 hits and old school music as well. I think it's the best thing that happen with Hakkasan. I honestly just go to the hip-hop room every time I am there. The stairs are a bit annoying, but there are elevator ladies! Bottles? Is it necessary? Yes and no. It depends where you get it. If you get it in the main floor (in the back area), it looks a bit lonely if you don't have many people around you. I recommend bottles near the DJ or the hip hop room. I love Edm music, but when it comes to Hakkasan, I only want to be in one area: hip hop. Always buy your pre-sales beforehand and the line moves by so easily. I had no trouble with the bouncers or getting in. The only I don't like about this club is that you cannot go 'in and out.' Overall, I love this club because the hip hop room is much bigger than Marquee. I'm hoping more clubs will bring back this music.
1	This club has a horrible layout and most tables r not private enough. We saw kalvin Harris here and he was a horrible Dj! So sad lol but the Dj stage and dance floor r very nice. But I would say five levels and a shitload of stairs is a horrible idea when alcohol is involved :)
3	I would say this club was dope, I went to the opening with Steve aoki was Dj-ing. Drank some champagne from the rich oil sheikhs and business people in the booth next to mine. Hung out with that one chef who has big blond hair on food network.. Chef Ann? I forgot, got really hammered. Sat down for a while. Got lost in the dark cave tunnels. Had to ask a body guard where the f** i was.. Danced too much. Wished they had a hip hop room going when I was thereNo way to really talk to other people or have a really amazing time unless you have a booth to sit at, that way you know where the hell you are supposed to be. But me and my girls had fun! Good experience. Hopefully I meet more fun people ! Wop wop!
1	The "manager" (bold hair) was soooooo rude to me. I've never been treated that bad (without a reason!!). It's the worst club I've ever been to!
5	ALSO! I just remembered the valet was full the night we went but we told the attendant we had bottle service at Hakkasan and so I gave her my name and she checked her ipad and then in in in we went! AWESOME ;]]]
3	The bf holds relatively deep resentment for this club for trying to guide a blacked-out me down 4 narrow flights of stairs.I thought I remembered my entire night at Hakkasan, until I realized there was a huge lapse in my memory (and not enough pictures taken)... I guess 3 LC's will do that to you -.-Hits:* Cool, beautiful crowd... From what I remember* Great staff -- had a heart-to-heart with the security guard manning the entrance line while waiting for my promoter* Spacious restaurant/club with 5 floors -- 3 dedicated to the nightclub: Hip Hop room at floor #3, EDM room floors #4 - 5* Don't remember this part, but I heard the CO2 effects made the lasers look really cool and blew down directly on the crowd... glad I didn't pass out from it* Decent drink prices for Vegas nightclubs -- $16 for LC's is much better than EBC's $23 vodka red bulls* Instant entrance for those with pre-sale tickets -- the boys waited a good 15 minutes for us while we were getting the promoter situation straightened outLessons Learned:* Dance floor too small and the club had too many tables, with too much dead space between the tables -- guess the club is designed to promote booking tables... wish we had $8k to shell out for a table on the dance floor* No sitting or leaning against the railing! Unless you wanna get yelled at by security * There are a million stairs -- wear sexy, but comfy shoes / heelsI'll have to come back to consciously experience this club again.
3	Hakkasan is at the MGM Grand and is the new kid on the Vegas nightlife block!  This club is WOW-enormous with a capacity of 7,000+.  The entire Hakkasan monstrosity costs an estimated $200 million.  I'm gonna guess the technicolor lighting and massive video/LED screens were not cheap!  It has five levels for it's restaurant and nightclub nightclub with the greatest DJ line up of Deadmau5, Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Tommy Trash, and Aoki to name a few.  The club website has a great calendar of events so check that out if you are big into a certain DJ. I liked Hakkasan but I didn't love it.  There were definitely some things that made it just A-OK!   First it's all tables so they obviously want you to go there and spend money.  The pricing is also higher than any other club in the city by about 10%.  It would be better with less tables and more room for people to walk around.  Second there are a ton of stairs, even more stairs than Marquee, and I didn't think that was even possible.  Third it really reminds me of a dungeon, a ridiculously HOT dungeon.Thursday and Sunday are the days to go if you are a local and wanna check this place out.  I'm recommending to avoid the Friday/Saturday unless you absolutely must see your favorite DJ spinning.  TIP: buy the pre-sale tickets and arrive early for check in if you go Friday/Saturday.
5	There is no other club that comes nearly as close to Hakkasan. The night was amazing. It was truly epic. One for the books. I had the time of my life here with my gf's. We were treated so great and we loved every minute of it. Steve Aoki was amaze. Can't wait to be back next year.
2	I would have given this place 3 stars under a normal situation but 3 of the 5 girls had their phone stolen. While this is no fault of Hakkasan it's just a mood killer. Closed purses was no match for the thieves so girls bewareThe club itself is kind of a crazy shit show and you cannot walk around at all and it's so freaking crowded. You'll be dancing up on guys and girls of all kinda bc there's no space. The club itself is cool but it's just too small
2	My phone was stolen there. Seems like a lot of girls' phones were. I can actually pinpoint the moment that I think it happened. The area in front of the DJ was beyond crowded and a small girl bumped into me while I was holding a drink. My vodka soda spilled and she looked at me with a blank look on her face and said "you spilled your drink on me" about 10 times and wouldn't let me walk away for ~30 seconds. Then she just turned around and disappeared into the crowd. When I checked for my phone 5 minutes later, it was no longer in my purse (I knew I had it 10 minutes before the incident because I had just sent a text before getting a drink).  Anyway, kinda put a damper on the night. The music (Tiesto) was decent. In my opinion it's way to crowded on the main floor.  They should do a bit of crowd control to ensure a more pleasant experience for their patrons.
3	Well, with all the hype I had to go to Hakkasan. Unless you are down to drop a couple grand, this is not gonna be such a sweet experience. I went when Calvin Harris was performing. First, Harris is extremely overrated. I've been to plenty shows, and I can confidently say Calvin Harris is not even in my top 10. Second, the venue itself is classy, but it's kind of a maze and the dance floor is freaking tiny. Surprisingly, the drinks were not that expensive for Vegas. I should have listen to my pals and gone to XS. Oh, well. I needed to experience it myself. Definitely not going back, though. The lasers are badass, however. One of the best equipment I've seen.
1	This past weekend, I went to Hakkasan to see Tiesto with 10 of my close friends. 3 of us had our phones stolen from our closed purses which were on our bodies within an hour of being in the club (along with about two dozen girls dancing near us) on the main dancefloor. We went to security to give a description of the perpetrator, but they refused to notify the guards at the door and refused to take any further action. I am extremely disappointed at the apathy and general disregard of what ended up being a serious crime happening to good, paying customers. I don't think I'll be going back any time soon, and I hope that people see this as a warning that the staff of the club are very unprofessional and are only there for appearances.
5	Like any other club, it's always best and comfortable to be sitting at a table.  My friend referred me to the host, Kevin Lee (twitter.com/KevinLeeVegas).  He always answered me promptly via text about questions I had about Hakkasan and the process of getting into the guestlist.  If I had a X amount of people in my group, he could hook me up with comp bottle, which luckily I found enough people to go out on a Thurs night!  And of course you have to give a generous tip to the waitress and server.Me and my group came to the "Table Reservations" line on time and was led to our table within 15 minutes.  Our waitress Jessica and the rest of the staff in our area were attentive and through in explaining to us any information.The night we went, Fergie DJ (@ 12am) and Dada Life (@ 1:30am) performed.  I was glad they didn't perform super late.  I've waited past 2am before to see a DJ perform!  They all played awesome sets!  Thanks Hakkasan for one of the most fun club nights I've had in a long time!
3	Too much hype!! Yeah, I was faded, but hey, I've been just as faded if not more to all the other clubs I've been to in Vegas --and isn't that the point!?! I was hoping to have found a new club to LOVE in Vegas, but instead I can only say that "I've been there, done that". It's big, but I really think more of the space should have been used for dance floor instead of VIP tables (and we had a table in the hip hop room!). This kinda takes away from people mingling with each other and simply just gettin shit crackin!! Throughout the night I would check out the other rooms as well (watch your step on all them dark ass staircases!). The larger house room was packed like sardines (I guess no surprise there haha). Finally I make it to the outside area... oh wait! THERE IS NO OUTSIDE AREA!! This is what you call a "C'mon man!" moment. LOL.I, personally, like to experience things for myself, so you don't have to take my word for it. We still had fun at Hakkassan, but that's just what we do. For now I'll stick to my "go-to" Vegas clubs until there's another new club on the block for me to experiment with. Happy partying!!
3	Came here soon after their grand opening on a weekend Tiesto was spinning. I've been to Tiesto's shows but this was a disappointing one. Maybe he was just being lazy or maybe it was an off night, but it really was not that great... It really could have been ANY DJ spinning and I wouldn't have even known the dif.That being said. The club is just like any other Vegas clubs now-a-days. It's a little darker and it feels like it's not as open. The dance floor does have a high ceiling but it's shaped like a long rectangle? And of course there are the tables all across the dance floor in plain view of the DJ booths. I didn't have any problem getting to the bar when we were there and it was easy to get drinks. The second floor was not impressive, but I guess it's for people who like to chill. Not the best club and not the worst... However, it's def a distance from the strip so unless you were staying at MGM I don't think it's worth a trip just to come here.
1	this club was doomed from the start. 5 level club they said! hottest club in vegas they said! the only thing hot about this club is the actual room temperature. so many people packed into 2 floors, you actually sweat just standing there. save your time and money for the day clubs.
1	HORRIBLE experience! My sister took me and my girlfriends here for MY BACHELORETTE party. We came early and the line was out the door. So we went to ask someone at the front if we'll still be able to go in for free and the guy said yeah as long as you're in line by 10:00pm, you'll be fine. So we happily went BACK in the long a$$ line! We were in line for 4 HOURS IN OUR HEELS!!!... thinking that we should still be able to get in. Note that by this time (2:00am) people were already leaving the lines. We stayed since it was my bachelorette party. By the time we got to the line, they told us that we had to pay. We told them what the guy told us, but then they started shooing us outside yelling REPEATEDLY "THEY DON'T WANT TO PAY, LEAVE". I've never been so embarrassed and disrespected in my life! We had a large group of girls and we certainly will never be going there again.
1	Rude rude doorman! Horrible experience at Hakkasan. I've never been spoken to so disrespectfully in my life. How dare they treat anyone that way. Shameful. Wouldn't recommend if last club on earth. Don't bother.
5	When I come to Vegas and go clubbing, the only types of songs I ever expect to hear at any club is EDM. I was surprised when I came here. They spun HIP HOP! I mean, i love EDM as much as the next person , but every now and then, I don't want to just fist pump or jump around. Entrance was super fast. My friends and I essentially just walked right in. Separate floors for each type of music. The hip hop room stayed packed but was never crowded. The bar line never got longer than two people, bartenders were attentive, and the drinks were pretty good. Played all the good bump beats and you could really get down to it. The bouncers , well at least the only one i talked to , was super cool. I wanted to just sit and dance next to the DJ  in the VIP-ish area and he was like " yeah sure no problem." Thumbs up to him. The layout of this room was great too. Have your walkways on the side, dance floor right in the front center..Never got crowded where you had to shove people to get to where you needed to go. The electro room was way to packed for my likings. I only spent about 15 minutes there but I'm assuming it was awesome.Overall, I didn't mind paying the $100 COVER cause I'm a guy in VEGAS.
2	It's huge, beautiful, and has the best roster of DJs in town. But with that comes a cesspool of clientele who will steal your phones and wallets. I was not alone this particular night--my 2 friends also got their phone stolen.I went on a Sunday for Tiesto and then the following Thursday for Bingo Players. Both had awesome sets if you are into that, but towards the end of the night during Bingo Players, I noticed my clutch was a bit lighter. Since there are so many people on this dancefloor, someone unzipped my purse and snatched my phone and I was none the wiser. Of the disorienting nightclubs in Las Vegas, I have to say that this one wins the award for most intentionally confusing. There are only about 500 stairs in the whole building, making all the levels and stories so confusing that you have to utilize all your spatial recognition skills that you learned about in Psych 101. Like I said, it's got the best DJ roster in all of Vegas, but it's not worth it if your phone is going to get stolen and nothing can be done about it.
3	It's a nice club, but these Vegas clubs are getting to be way too big.  The line is confusing because there never seems to be an order to the line.  The main room kind of looks just like a warehouse that was rented out for a rave.  The individual rooms are nice, but definitely hard to find.  They call it hakkastairs for a reason, I think my thighs were burning by the end of the night with all the stairs I climbed.  Other than that, the lighting effects were really cool and the music was good if you like edm.
3	This cavernous and thematically ambiguous (with only half-hearted flourishes towards China) venue reminds me of the warehouses of 90s raves. The locked-up DJs are, for the moment, excellent. Max was helpful. I'm squarely a fan of the open-air (and thus less sardined) and thematically (Tao) or at least aesthetically (XS) congruent venues that the best in the business, including Drai and the Marqee/Tao gang, have shifted the standard to.
4	Walked in with my girls - and whaddayaknow - I was here before years ago, as a crazy college kid when this place was Jet and I was escorted promptly out for dozing.. Anyway, being the much more mature lady that I am, I got to see the entire club this time and it's GINORMOUS. None of which is really pretty or eye-catching. I remember a bunch of trellis-like structures forming a square that we kept circumnavigating.  There's plenty of room to dance around, but Tiesto was performing that night, so it was a mess everywhere, but I like how there's ample room and bar space!BEST NIGHT EVER.  Vegas is certainly what you make of it.
3	I got trolled by my promoter to get in line at 8:45pm because the I Heart Radio concert was also at MGM that night and she said it would be super popping. My friends and I were hesitant because who arrives at the club that early right? Well we did it anyway because we didnt want to pay and it super sucked because we were all wearing heels. Starting early and wearing heels is not the best idea. There was already a line for guys but the girls line was so short. We waited for 45 minutes before we could actually get in so we just took photos and talked to a bachelorette party in the meantime. Oh well, at least it was free for us :)You get in and the venue is pretty nice but all I cared about was the hip home floor. There are tons of bottle service tables and surprisingly the dance floor is pretty small. They played pretty good music since I am not a fan of EDM so I was pleased with that. We kept switching back from EDM floor to hip hop just because we wanted to explore the crowd but it totally took a toll on our feet since we wore heels. That night, actually that whole weekend, there were almost no yellow fellows out there so I was pretty disappoint. I think it was mostly white people so if you want the asians, your best bet is XS. Maybe that weekend was a fluke but when I go to vegas next time, Ill just stick with Marquee and XS. Calvin Harris was there that night but our feet were dying so we left before seeing him and grabbed food. What a yolo.**TIPS**1) Just get a promoter and get in for free. Be wary of what time she tells you to arrive and add an hour to the estimated time so you wont have to arrive hella early.2) So many staircases, so painful for feet. Just wear flats to the club mang.3) Enjoy the hip hop floor!
1	This is by far the worst experience I had at a club in Vegas. We booked a $5,000 minimum table and the Hostess and the bus boy were just plain rude. Not only that the type of people who go there are ghetto and obnoxious.  Presale tickets are definitely cheaper at this club and there's a reason for that. It is because they are not selective in the crowd they bring in and this place is not classy at all. The girls and the crowd at this club were all ugly as hell.We went to XS the next day and met some Vegas locals that just came from Hakkasan. They told us "the crowd was so ghetto that we had to leave and come here." Now I only booked a cabana at XS but the service and the people were 10000000x better than hakkasan was. To be honest I only went to Hakkasan because I never been but if your thinking the same thing. Trust me its not worth it. Your gonna be in there packed like sardines with ugly smelly people. If you wanna fish can it then this might be the place for you but its definitely not for me.I also forgot to mention why I decided to actually create a yelp account to write this review.. Not only did I book that $5,000 dollar minimum table our group also got kicked out from it as well. Some passerby-er in the club decided to walk by and throw up in front of our table. The bus boy blamed it on our group and kicked us all out. When I asked him which one of us did you see do it he said that he didn't know but it had to be ours because it was in front of our table. No one in my group was even drunk yet and I would know if it was someone from our that threw up. It definitely was not us and the bus boy didn't even know who it was. He merely made a judgement call based on what he saw in front of the table. I gave a $500 hand shake tip in the beginning too...
3	Huge place nice Music,the Food was Not bad
1	I was so excited about coming here because of all the hype.. but was so disappointed. I kept getting lost because of all the different floors. And you had to take the overcrowded stairs every time you needed to go up. The elevator was only for exiting the club. It was so hard to navigate anywhere unless you stayed in one place. The bartenders were taking forever flirting with each girl customer before moving onto the next drink order. The drinks are really expensive too, cocktails around $16-$18, and a glass of champagne $22... The only good thing about this place was the decor (which reminded me of their restaurant in San Francisco), and the amount of time we waited to get in, only about 10-15 minutes considering we arrived around 11pm-12am without any promoters walking us in or special VIP/guestlist line. Another thing, my friends booked a table for the night, and you couldn't even see the stage or the dj from the table they got.
5	Let me start by saying that thanks to all the previous reviews, i was terrified to party here. BUT my boyfriend and i wanted to party to Tiesto and Eric-Dlux so we decided to try it anyway. and Thank goodness we did!! WE had a blast!! The lingLing room is were we stayed at the most because of the music. we are not huge on EDM but we visited all floors. If you complain about the stairs.. learn to walk in heels!!! i didn't have a problem and i was wearing 5inch heels. If its still an issue buy fold-able flats they're like $10 at Walgreen's. we were able to use the elevator at first but then they shut it down. the drinks were strong (good thing!) and the performance were great. I will for sure party it up here again!! Quick Tip: buy pre-sale tickets! We did and we did not wait in any line, at all. the other lines are a mile long.. play it smart and be prepared!
3	OVERRATED!!!!It's super small in there and barely breath when it's crowded! For $190 ticket - I better get my own table...boooo ...Other than that - DJ Aoki was sick!!!Better go if you can afford a table :)
1	Such a disappointment.I really should've written this a long time ago. I went back in April when it pretty much first opened, and I was super pumped! We were able to waltz past the ridiculously long line (that literally went out the door into the back of the hotel). Obviously, we were feeling pretty snazzy!We had had a pretty hardxcore night before at Marquee, but we were still dressed to the 9's and ready to party (except me haha). Anyway, we get in around like.. 10pm, which is super early (thanks, "guestlist" line) but it started to fill up super quickly. First of all, I had heard people call it "hakka-stairs" and I was not prepared for what came next. Those stairs to the club are ridiculous. Each step is so high and there are so many of them, more than Marquee!! Trekking up in those killer pumps was a work out. By the time I got upstairs, I was panting (out of shape.. I know).Upon getting to the top of the stairs, I saw more stuff.. a bar on the left, a cage thing in front of me.. It was a bit underwhelming. Then I saw the dance floor. Sure, there were tons of lights and video screen thingies, which made for a nice party ambience, but the dance floor itself was so small. Even the walkways to the dance floor were sucky. They were too much of a slope and it wasn't easy to walk in heels.The upstairs also a smoking area, which is not cool. I really don't like the fact that there's no outdoor area. Of course, there's A/C but with that many people, it gets hot! The "hip hop" room was also a joke. It's basically all tables and booths, no dance floor, but people try to dance anyway. It's a horrific experience even for non-claustrophobic people.1/10 - would not return
3	Really cool club in some ways, super lame in others, great visual light/laser show. I saw Calvin Harris spin. IMO this place is too big, massive actually. The crowd is a little rough, I think they need to do a little more screening at the door. I mean they market this as an upscale club but some of the people in there are definately not upscale lol.  If you want a prime table on a prime evening with a prime DJ spinning be prepared to drop $4000-$5000 on bottles, there was a group of 10 of us there for a bachelor party so it only worked out to about $500 a head which is not too bad.
4	We stayed at the MGM grand and went to Hakkasan on our second night, Thursday. We were told that was the best night to go and it was! We watched R3hab perform, the place was packed. They had great dancers, foam glow sticks and confetti. We were given a few drink tickets as 4 females but at the end of the night someone bought us vodka red bulls and they were $21 each. Yes. Ridiculous but I guess that's Vegas. So heads up there! The lounge is not a "top 40" lounge and the different levels of the club were not as clear as they seem in the ads. There is house music all over the club.
2	Amazing venue with multiple floors, genres, and great lighting but the staff, crowd, and pricing leave much to be offered. We were there for Hardwell last weekend. My friends and I paid $30 presale (a great deal for this kind of club in Vegas but not worth the trouble we had to go through). We could barely move there were so many people. The line was ridiculously long and the staff were clearly frustrated and not happy to deal with any form of customer service. Did I mention $18 drinks? Yes, you read that right. If you're dehydrated from breathing all that sweaty air it's $8 for a kids-sized Fiji water. If mega clubs are your thing and you're willing to deal with the hustle and pay big money give it a shot. Me personally I'll be taking my business elsewhere next time I'm in town.
2	Eh
1	It's mind-blowing how they allowed the place to get as packed as it did. It wasn't even safe any more. I've been in clubs where I felt like a sardine in a can, but it was beyond that. It felt like a mob with a purpose--to get on the dance floor. It's going to sound dramatic, but I literally felt like my life was in danger at some point. Picture Black Friday at Walmart, that lady who got trampled over, I thought that was going to be my fate. My friend paid for my admission, but 60 bucks for female and 100 bucks for male, to be trampled over. Biggest rip off in Las Vegas. No bueno!
1	I really contemplate on whether this review will have any sort of meaning for this terrible establishment. Considering that their revenues will continue to emerge, I'm pretty certain that Angel Management Group can give a shit less. Backed by the decor of this fine looking nightclub is a terrible group of managerial personnel. I jump into this accusation because this club is operated and employed by a bunch of arrogant fools who feel that the popularity of their nightclubs can justify their terrible service. But no, being in the service industry, there is no justification to why they would execute such poor customer service.I've came here about twice and after much experimentation, I have learned that I am not going to be fooled by a deceiving brand. The first time I came, a group of friends and I were all guaranteed free entry. But being the sexist city that Las Vegas is, only my girlfriend and I were comp'd entry while all others had to pay a $30 cover fee. By the way, we were in line at about 10:30 on a Sunday night and we were the only ones in line. Fortunately, my friends cared less about paying such a cover and just went in. But Hakkasan should feel relieved that they didn't care. Oh but I'm sorry, Hakkasan doesn't care anyway so I might as well kick rocks. On my second occasion, my friends and his family of cousins reserved a table which was rated at $1000 excluding tips and taxes. But as soon as we begin to get in line, we get a text message from this incompetent promoter saying that the price of the table had been raised to $2500. If you're going to exercise such discretion, why the fuck won't you take the time to let us know that table prices are subject to change? Oh but I figured that being the "world-renowned" night club Hakkasan is, they reserve the right to fuck anyone in the ass (please excuse my unnecessary & foul language). Will I ever come back to this club? Who knows, but considering the amount of better options there are on the Strip, why would I waste my time gambling on these idiots? The unfortunate thing about the night club industry is that they can REALLY give a fuck less about those who have bad experiences. Prior to writing this review, I went ahead and read other reviews and you can obviously conclude that this club will not give a flying fuck what you say because at the end of the day, they got their $$$$. Overall, beautiful decor, terrible management and personnel. Promoters who are terribly misinforming and unintelligent. I wonder where they collect such idiots. And for a company that has such value, I wonder how such incompetence is employed.
3	I was at Hakkasan with a bunch of people for a friend's birthday to see R3hab on a Thursday night.I wish I could tell you how the show was, but I honestly don't even remember if we saw any of it. The only proof I have that we MAY have seen any of the show is a 15 second video on my phone. Oh, Vegas... So I suppose this will be a review of the nightclub itself -- or what I can remember of it.Our group was pretty evenly matched up in terms of girls and guys, but luckily our birthday girl had managed to land free table service through her promoter for us ladies (and a few of our guys) right by the dance floor. They brought us two bottles and "made" us drinks (mixed what I think was vodka and various juices/soda water together into a glass). The table we sat at had storage areas under the seats for those of us who wanted to stash a purse or clutch, or anything else besides which was super convenient.Every staff member I encountered (guards, bouncers, bartenders, bathroom attendants, the girls who worked the tables for table service) was very polite and friendly. I don't know why this place got so many bad reviews for service. Maybe because we went during a slower week night? And because we had gotten there a little early?We got there pretty early (between 9PM-10PM), so it was still a pretty relaxed atmosphere. It's bigger than it looks, with a second bar tucked over on the far side of the dance floor. I never personally found it to be terribly overcrowded. And a margarita cost me $14 (eeek, Vegas prices).We did, unfortunately, lose our table because apparently we had "too many guys," so they sold the table away to another party. Without warning us first (so far as I know anyway). That was a little upsetting, but what can you do in a city where having a vagina trumps all? At one point during the night, a guard had even physically stopped my boyfriend from approaching the table (put a hand on his shoulder and held him back from the table), and the only explanation the guard had was that there were too many guys there. Even though he was one of the original guys in the group who the the table had been reserved with.
5	Got in last Saturday through a hook-up, no wait, no cover, score!  Door guys were friendly.  This place is huge and confusing.  There's 5 floors.  Floors 1 and 2 are the restaurant.  Floor 3 is hip hop room.  Floor 4 is EDM and floor 5 is a balcony overlooking the 4th floor.  Hip Hop room was great.  Loved it.  Had so much fun.  Steve Aoki played the main room and it was off the hook.  The light system in this place made me feel like I was on another planet.  It was insane!  Steve Aoki cakes people when he DJ's.  Be warned!  Cake everywhere and champagne showers.  Bartenders were pretty nice.  Never had a long wait to get drinks.  Place is super packed though.  I can't wait to go again.  Loved it!
4	I'm not really a club person, but this place was so much fun!My boyfriend and I went on a two day trip to Vegas last month and a friend suggested that we check this place out since it was one of the newest clubs.Because it was a Thursday night, only the main room and lounge were open. The main room was great- lots of bartenders so you never had to wait a long time for a drink, music was good, crowd was fun and everyone was just having a really good time.Glad we got tickets on line because they raised the admission price by $20 at the door. I guess that's pretty common in Vegas so always try to get your tickets in advance.The one thing that really got me was the friendly staff. I couldn't believe how friendly and helpful everyone was. I didn't even know about the hip hop music in the lounge area or the short lines to certain restrooms. The fact that the staff was so accommodating and lovely really enhanced my night and made it something special.I may even return for another visit (when I decide to have another club night) just because I know I will always be taken care of here.Tip: Even water is expensive so make sure you plan to spend a lot of money on drinks as well as admission (i.e. $9 for a small bottle of water).
3	There were tons of hype from Hakkasan when they were about to open but my overall feel is that it was just okay. One thing Hakkasan successfully did was revive the south end of the strip in bringing more nightlife.Pros:- The top resident DJ's Tiesto, Calvin Harris, Bingo Players, Deadma5, etc. No Need for explanation.- If you're living on south end, no need to taxi to Wynn/EncoreCons:- Competition with Light Nightclub which I feel is a better club- Crowded and isn't really fun unless you get bottle service and even then you might not get a direct view of the stage- Feels like a maze, upstairs, downstairs, hallway here, overpass here, etc.- Light setup leaves much to the imagination after being to Exchange LA in Southern CaliforniaI had an okay experience with the venue, it was very blah. I only enjoyed it because Dada Life killed it.
3	All hype.. The crowd is rich old geezers and broke college kids on ecstacy. Or Molly I think..The line for guestlist is super long. But thank god for connections lol! I would hate to be drunk and in that line.The club was ok.. huge.. I love the hip hop room on the 4th level!I would honestly rather go to another club with less hype.. I want to try out their competition next weekend.. The Light! I heard thins are better there..
3	I had to check out this place since everyone is raving about it. Been here 2x. Verdict: all hype.Both times that I went I had presale tickets. Guestlist lines are loooongggggggg and if I knew I already want to see a specific dj, I will buy tickets and avoid standing in that long line when I'm drunk off my ass.My first time here was to see Steve Aoki. We got there pretty early (11pm). The line was actually not that long for presales but they kept holding us up and not let us in! When asked why, they said it was because the fire marshals are inside checking up on some safety issues and the line will move once everything's clear. The second time around, we arrived at midnight and there was only 4 people in front of us in the presale line. We didn't get in until 1am. When asked why, the security told us the owner of Hakkasan is inside and the line will move as he leaves. Sounds familiar much?The venue seems big only because of the different levels it has but honestly, the dance floor is TINY. I've been to clubs with bigger dance floors in LA! You're definitely gonna get all these sweaty guys slobbering up against you as you try to make your way onto the dance floor. The crowd? Old, rich geezers or high college students. Not so classy. While waiting in line, I had several people rolling and trying to talk to me.The only pro thing this club has going on is that they house some top djs. I saw Steve Aoki here the first time and he killed it with his performance. He was crowd rafting and throwing cakes! The second time around I saw NERVO & Calvin Harris who were both amazing. I probably would not be back at this club unless there's a dj that I am dying to see here.
4	I've been to Hakkasan twice. Once on a Friday BEFORE MDW for Tiesto, and once on a Wednesday for EDC week for Dada Life.  Both times I had a blast.The workers here are incredibly friendly. I've read some reviews about how the workers here don't care about you or are jerks, but that was not my experience on both occasions. There are a LOT of the male security workers all around, and they were all very very helpful and friendly. I was really surprised actually. At the end of the night they even asked how my night went and if I had fun, etc.  In order to make your experience here pleasant, I suggest you plan ahead and expect the worst. That may be why I enjoyed myself.  For Tiesto, I bought presale tickets (70 bucks, yikes!) and I went early. I wasn't about to go late, wait in a long line and complain about it. No, I started pounding drinks around 9, waited in line around 10-10:30, and got inside no problem. It really depends on the week though. The first time I went wasn't so bad because it was an off week, but during EDC week it was a mess. I wanted to go there for Hardwell on Thursday, but presale tickets went up to $100 (and sold out), and the line was packed by 10pm. I didn't plan ahead that night so I went somewhere else.  For Dada Life on Wednesday during EDC week, I went early and didn't have a problem though. Everyone knows how expensive drinks are at the clubs in Vegas, so there's no point in going over that. $6 mini Fiji waters (they don't give you free tap water), at LEAST $9 for a shot. Every female worker here is at least a 7 or 8.So the venue.  It's HUGE. So many places to walk around and explore. But do know that on busy nights, they fill every nook and cranny with a body. It was ok on my first night, but during EDC week it was insane. The main dance floor is big, but pretty small if you think about how many people are inside this club. I wasn't able to even move around.  However, they do have a second dance floor in the back, on the first floor that doesn't seem to get too crowded. There was lots of room to hang out and dance freely there, and the music quality was just as good.When I go back to Vegas, and if there is an awesome DJ playing here again, I will go back. Just make sure to plan ahead. Unless you have connects in Vegas, you don't want to just wing it.(Marquee is still my favorite)
5	This was my first time being to Hakkasan and I loved it. I went to see Aoki and he was incredible. I read a lot of reviews about how the people working there were rude, nothing could be farther from the truth. The people there were great and everyone was nice and more than welcome to help you out if you had any questions. The one bouncer Mike G answered all my questions as soon as I got there and was super nice. I didn't have to wait more than a couple minutes for a drink either, the bartenders were extremely nice as well. I don't have a bad thing to say about this place. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a great time. I will definitely be back here to party next time in Vegas.
3	As it's still a new club, it's going to have it's flaws. I did have a few incidents with my group though.My name wasn't on the guestlist; I had signed up through Facebook for Calvin Harris' VIP guestlist. Thankfully I screenshot my confirmation because I didn't get an email confirmation. I showed the person with the guestlist the picture after she said my name isn't on there; even thought called prior to confirm my spot. But she let it go and gave me my ticket with the screenshot confirmation.Inside was a bit crowded but not as badly as I thought!The bartenders were rude for sure! They don't notice who arrives first and totally ignored our party for a good 10 minutes. It may have been rude in my part, but my party was getting upset so I pushed forward, snapped my hands in one of their faces, and told them we'd like to get some drinks. Needless to say, they didn't get a tip.We didn't know there was an upstairs (which was where Calvin was to DJ later) but found it with a little help!Upstairs, the Pavilion, was so incredibly crowded, but it's expected! The DJ before Calvin was dropping great beats and me and my party had a blast!We managed to get to the very front, dance til 3 and left in a breeze!Security was helpful getting us out and we we're wished a safe trip home!I'm definitely coming back, regardless of the mishaps!You shouldn't let the little things ruin your otherwise good times!If you had a bad first impression, don't be too quick to decide to never come back!
1	The most horrible club experience ever.  Over capacity, overpriced, and a huge stupid line. I honestly feared for my life at moments because  of the overwhelming crowd. There was no place to stand or dance or get a drink.  We were on the guest list, but still waited for 30 minutes in line. It was awful and I hope fewer people have the experience that we did in the future.
5	I love this place! I haven't been clubbing in Vegas for awhile now so when I went with my other two girlfriends I definitely needed to hit up the hottest nightclub! I was able to get all three of us on to a guest list and when we arrived at MGM Grand we headed straight for that line. The promoter Luis kindly showed up and introduced himself and let us know that the wait would be about 10 minutes. Once inside it is typical in that its dark, you can't find a place to sit and yes the dance floor is small and crowded. So why do I give this place a FIVE star rating?! My girlfriends and I were able to snag a free table with bottle service! All free!!! I was able to dance my night away on top of a table and was so glad to have that space to just share with my girlfriends! I definitely would hit up Hakkasan again!
4	I went during E.D.C week expecting it to be insanely pack and not even worth it, but I had a blast. Very friendly staff and DAda life put on a awesome show. Drinks are pricey but its Vegas ! Great place
1	My sister and I went up to the bouncer at almost 3 am this past Saturday night after being at Tao (where we had an exceptional time). Absolutely no one in line and the guy told us rudely that cover was $100 for guys and $50 for girls. Are you kidding me? Still charging up the ass for cover at almost 3? Money hungry assholes!
4	I rarely go clubbing so this was pretty much my first time clubbing in a huge place in vegas!  I must say that this is a pretty big place with a gazillion stories!!!  My friends and I ran into some promoter and he hooked my 7 girls and I free tickets.  The only catch was to get there by 10:30pm!  We luckily made it in time with 5 minutes to spare running from Thunder from Down Under (Excalibur) to MGM.  We waited in the guestlist line....and it wasn't to bad.  We waited for a total of about 15 minutes.  Be prepared. LOTS OF STAIRS!!  Got inside and it was still pretty dead but as the minutes passed, it got super crowded.  We stayed mainly in the hip hop room because it was way to packed everywhere else.  My girls and I actually walked up the stairs and danced on the platform!!  Way better than being down in the crowded and touching sweaty people!  Dancing on the platforms gave us a lot of room to dance around and it is basically a first come first serve basis.Drinks are pretty expensive, which is typical so I wouldn't complain about that.  That is what pre-gaming is for!!Overall, great night with great drunken memories!NOTE:-Invest in Dr. Sholl's Fast Flats!  You'll need it!
4	Hakkasan is one of the newest clubs in Las Vegas. So when looking for places to visit, this was on our list. We went there with a group of just 3 girls (the guys went out separately for this evening). It's inside the MGM.. It's quite a walk from the entrance where we got dropped off by cab to the club... (my poor feet squished into adorable heels!)Anyways, once we got there, there were like 4-5 different lines.. that went all over the damn place. But we finally located the guestlist line which we were signed up for. It looked like it was going to take forever.. But after standing in line for about 5-10 minutes, I made eye contact with this promoter who was circling around looking through the crowds and he came over to see if we were just girls. Thank god we WERE so we got lead out of the line straight to the club entrance. YAYOnce we got inside, it was amazing. The place is HUGE. Comparable to Marquee. We weren't feeling the house music right away and went to look for the Lounge.. It was like down a flight of stairs and some more walking around.. and we finally found it. The lounge was literally a LOUNGE. it was smaller than the upstairs portion but they had small seats and tables all over to lounge in. It was weird though because the music was good downstairs.. hiphop, etc. But no one was dancing?? Maybe we were still early? We went back upstairs and  headed for the dance floor which was really packed by then. But it was all house music so we did our best to dance to it (at least I did - unce unce unce). They also had gogo dancers there who were really amazing and into character.
2	Ugh, too small, too tight, too crowded, and WAY over hyped and over rated. And the people there the night I went were rude! The decor wasn't even that amazing. So many HK logos everywhere it was almost douche-y. Also, the bathroom was hard to find!Lets just say, I don't plan on coming back to Hakkasan in my future Vegas tripsBut, I did have a good night overall because its the people you're with that matter =)
1	Jeesh.... I had really high hopes for Hakkasan Nightclub before it opened. PR was great. DJ lineup's were great. Plus MGM is the hotel I stay at every time I go to Las Vegas so I was very excited. Anywho... first time I went to Hakkasan was a Friday night. I arrived really late but I still wanted to go clubbing. So might as well check out Hakkasan. It was around 2:00AM... and I was thinking entrance fee might be cut. But once I got in line... they said the entrance was $80.... wtf WHY IS IT $80 at 2AM when everyone's already inside and basically wrapping up the night?! Ugh... seriously? Welll I had no choice and paid that damn expensive ass entrance (Mind you it was 5 girls, 2 guys uh.. okay should have been like $30) . Walked inside and NO ONE was dancing. The music was okay... but the crowd was HORRIBLE. No one looked like they were having fun. No one drunk. No one trying to just have a good time. Damn.. wtf did Hakkasan put in your drinks? No matter how shitty the club, at least a few people are having fun. I found myself going back and forth between the hip hop stage and main stage, trying to catch some good music and good vibes. It was so horrible I couldn't take it anymore, left around 3:30AM. What a waste. $80 for 1.5 hours. Damn, I got jacked.SECOND time... I wasn't even planning to go. It was my baby cousin's 21st birthday. So we got all our family to come to Vegas and party together. Had a room at MGM, but still didn't even plan on going to Hakkasan. We reserved a table at the LIGHT at Mandalay... but when I was walking to my room on Saturday, a promoter from Hakkasan stopped me and tried to sell me a table. Eventually, I agreed because he said he would give us a table for $1000. So we made an agreement, got each other numbers, confirmed, etc etc etc etc bullshit etc. So I went back up to my room, informed my family, and we all got ready and went downstairs. The MINUTE I get to the table line (mind you, I was still texting the promoter WHILE GETTING READY AND GOING DOWNSTAIRS), he texts me "bumped all tables to $2500, better go to LIGHT" What the FUCK?! This story might sound a bit familiar because Anthony P. jotted down my story in his review. He was with me and my family... GOOD JOB HAKKASAN. YOU JUST PISSED OFF TWO DIE-HARD YELPERS.  God.. boy did I loook stupid in front of my family. In the end, we went to LIGHT at Mandalay Bay... thank god my promoter TOMMY pulled through at LIGHT and got us a table for the ORIGINAL price he offered. Thanks TOMMY you were great..... but screw you Hakkasan. You SERIOUSLY came close to RUINING my baby cousin's 21st birthday. 21st birthday... Las Vegas... COME ON. get your shit together.
3	I woke up the next morning to fraud prevention calling my cellphone in order to verify my past 5 transactions."Did you spend $100.81 at The Bar, Hakkasan, MGM Grand?  Press 1 if this is correct." ---   1"Did you spend $63.74 at The Bar, Hakkasan, MGM Grand?  Press 1 if this is correct." ---  1"Did you spend $100.81 at The Bar, Hakkasan, MGM Grand?  Press 1 if this is correct." --- 1"Did you spend $43.00 at The Bar Hakkasan, MGM Grand?  Press 1 if this is correct." --- 1"Did you spend $87.57 at The Bar Hakkasan, MGM Grand?  Press 1 if this is correct." --- 1I hate that I get unreasonably generous when I'm drunk  to where I continuously buy my group of friends drinks.  I've concluded that I am a "dependent drunk".  Meaning that I do not like dancing and drinking alone so I feel the need to make sure everyone except the designated driver is somewhat on the same level.  I do this to myself all the time and I regret it the next morning.Sidenote that doesn't pertain to that night: Do you have that "one friend"?  Usually when I go out with a group of friends, there is an unspoken agreement after one person buys a round for the group.  Normally the people that are part of that round of drinks return the favor by also buying a round.  This would continue throughout the night until everyone in that group has bought 1 round.  After that, whoever wants to buy a drink, buys a drink for themselves or for whomever.  However, there is that "one friend" that NEVER returns the favor.  This is the same friend that does the same thing every time you go to the bar with them.  Even though everyone in the group has bought a round, this ONE friend drinks all of the drinks but only buys a beer for his/herself.  What is even more annoying is that the person has a decent job and isn't broke.Back to my review, the music was good.  Although I would choose a top 40/hip hop room over house music, I would have to say that the house room was the winner of that night.  Like all Vegas clubs, the drinks are overpriced.  Overall I had a decent time.1/3 of my night was spent going up and down the 250+ steps of death.  The entire venue consists of stairs.  Do you want to go to the bar?  Well watch out for the 5 steps.  Do you want to go to the restroom?  Well watch out for the 10 steps.  Do you want to go to the house room?  Well watch out for the 100 steps.  You get what I mean...
2	Meh... It's kinda a hype right now bc it just opened... Reminds me if Tao at it's prime. Smaller level an just crrraaaaammmed with people. Barely any room to dance, DjS were good but what's the point when you can't move?I'm not sure if its worth going to...
4	We came here to see Tiesto and it wasn't that bad. We purchased our tickets online so we were able to skip the lines. There was a lot of climbing stairs and trying to figure out where you want to be. The drinks were expensive but that was to be expected. The bar and bathrooms were easy to get to and no lines to wait in. Once the show started we moved down to the dance floor and it wasn't super crammed. We were able to move around and dance without spilling our drinks.  And when it was time to leave, we were able to get out easily! No pushing or shoving! I hate crowds but Hakkasan was spacey enough that I didn't get annoyed and I was able to enjoy myself.
5	Don't know why there are sooo many neutral and negative reviews. This club was a lot of fun. The exact type of music I'm into. It was crowded for a Thursday, but isn't that a sign that this is the club everyone wants to go to???? If there is a lot of room then that is a sign that the club isn't that good. I also took the chance of texting Allen Choe. Didn't know if it was a scam but he is real ppl!!! He did help us get in by putting us on the staff guest list. Super nice and helpful guy!!! Got in free and FAST!!!!! The bouncers were nice. Maybe it was because of the line we were in. But the club is big, decorated nicely, and has the feel of a real trance party. If you're looking for hip hop or rap don't come here.
4	Hakkasan has been pretty hyped for the past few months since it opened, and it did not disappoint (me)! My group had an amazing ratio, 15 girls:5 guys, so we all got in for free thanks to a friend's promoter. We decided not to go on a crazy night when a big headliner was performing, but we did get to see Bingo Players... idk who they are, but a few of the people in my group did (clearly I am not an edm kind of girl)! There are a bunch of floors with several dance floors and lounge areas... thank goodness we did not have to step into a stairwell once. There were elevators on each floor and an elevator operator that would help all the drunkies get to where they wanted to go. We spent the first half of our night on the hip hop floor which was so much fun! DJ was spinning top 40 and old school hip hop all night. For the later half we joined a table on the main EDM floor and saw Bingo Players which was also super fun. Overall I had a great experience at Hakkasan and I would definitely come back! Hopefully the next time would be just as eventful =)
2	Meh. Did not live up to the hype, no better than an average club. If you don't have a table, don't even bother going. Yes, it's a huge club, but it's almost ALL tables. The dance floor is pretty small and of course it's overcrowded. Do NOT pay the outrageous covers. Save your money for LIGHT - easily a better club than Hakkasan. Ladies can easily jump on to some rich dude's tables, the promoters are pretty good at making sure you have a good time in that respect. I'd hate to be a guy here though. Just...meh.
1	the hype is so not worth the experience!I am actually here right now as I write this review! space is seriously limited, and unless you're heavily into EDM music, I seriously suggest skipping this place on your places to hit up in Vegas!this club seriously failed in every expectation! which is really unfortunate considering the incredible reviews on yelp! id you're into the hip hop scene I suggest to skip this place because you'll only be disappointed! not on the top of my list personally, but if you're into overly priced drinks (even by Vegas standards) and incredibly rude staff, come here lol!!!
1	Well this place is overcrowded. Also avoid the rudest security guard I have ever let. I almost never yelp and yet this guy has made quite the impression on me. His name is Brice and he has continued to to tell me that I should leave because I "look" over intoxicated.I told him that I wasn't and he continued to tell me to get some water. I told him that I didn't need any and told him to go away. The security guard he was working with even told him to leave me alone. And yet he watched my every move, until I walked to another part of the club.  Any how, I was really excited to come here until that experience. I'm very disappointed with the organization of the club and inability to get around without being harassed by security guards named Brice. I will be sticking to less newer clubs in Vegas for now on. Hakkasan is simply overrated and not worth the time, money or effort!
3	We went to vegas last weekend .One of my friends said that hakkasan is a very good night club ,so we wanted to check it out . the music was fine but a looooottttttt of people .I coudnt even stand in one place crowed was pushing and kicking . I didnt enjoy our time at this place. I might go there again but definately not on the weekend.
1	This place is the worst place in vegas . It's small, dingy and overpriced.  They also lie about the djs . They advertised tiesto for the Halloween weekend 25th October and I paid 140 dillars to get in for two of us and tiesto did not show up till 2 am . We got fed up and left . Very bad experience.PS: would've rated it negative if there was an option.
2	This place is so overrated. It felt really cramped, because there's no outside area. We literally wandered around in circles for hours because there's no where for you to go. Since it's so new, they're very strict on rules. There's absolutely NO WHERE to sit, which isn't unusual for a club in Las Vegas, but even in places like Surrender and Marquee, you can usually find something/somewhere to sit. This place also felt like it had a strange crowd. I'm not sure why, but something about Hakkasan felt off.Honestly, I don't think I'd ever come back here. XS and Marquee are way better.Oh, also a bunch of people have told me that people here will steal your stuff when you're in the more crowded areas, so be careful of that.
5	Right off the bat I don't know why this place has so many bad reviews. I came during the summer for Tiesto and it was GREAT!!! Friday night I purchased my tickets in advance online and had no problem getting in. The bouncers and security were no problem I was speaking to them and they were friendly . We got out there around 11 and there really wasn't a line for us since we purchased tickets ahead of time.   Once we walked in the place is great on the inside! The bartenders were all cool and the drinks were great also.   The dance floor gets packed but not to the point were you can't even move and It was for Tiesto of course the place is full.    I went again on Sunday night and again no problem going inside and once inside had another great night! As long as they keep having great DJs this place will remain great
5	GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE! Our first night at Hakkassan: We started our bachelorette weekend off with a show that got out really late and we wanted to try out Hakkassan since it's new! Our promoter, Kevin Lee, was super accommodating! He got us into the club at 1:30am right when everything was popping without any delay. We tried the main floor that was EDM, but gave up since it was waaaaay too packed. We moved to the hip hop room which surprisingly wasn't packed even thought it was smaller than the main floor. The music was good and the crowd was fun. Our second night at Hakkassan: We decided to come back again since we had a good time the other night. We got on the guestlist and as we got in line, a girl approached us asking us to join their table since they wanted to get the ratio of girls up. She told us we didn't have to wait in line or pay for bottle service, we just had to go with them. I looked at the line in front of us and said, "hell yeah". I should have known it was too good to be true. As we got out of the guestlist line, a manager came up to ask us who's guestlist we were on and when did the girl ask us to join their group. I didn't know what was going on, so I was honest about it. We met with the couple who had asked to join them and sh!t hit the fan! The manager was chewing out the couple of stealing guests out of the line and etc. We had no idea what was going on and was told to go back to the guestlist line by a different host. We already had plans to get bottle service somewhere else but just wanted to do a little bit of club hopping first. It was not worth it for us to get back in line so we decided to leave. Another bouncer/manager saw that we were leaving and came over to us. He got us checked in and we skipped the regular line.  He explained that the couple were locals and were getting paid to help promote the club by bringing in guests. The manager was upset because the couple stole guests off another promoter's guestlist when they asked us to join their group. Totally makes sense and I truly appreciate them taking the time to explain it because I was so lost in the situation. It definitely salvaged my experience at Hakkassan =).
1	Fascist, overpriced, overrated.The bouncers are super racist Nazis. I went there with two of my Russian friends and one of my Persian friends and the two of us who were not from their preferred race were bounced because we looked "hella drunk". All we had was two shots in the past 5 hours and we definitely were not acting drunk. So the moral of the story is if you are not in their "perfect race" list and they cannot pronounce your name easily don't even try going there. I fill insulted, degraded, and infuriated by their racist staff.
1	What a horrible club. So overratedWe ate at the restaurant and got free entrance to Hardwell, the dj for Saturday night.  Place is super crowded, literally no space to walk in the main floor. Hardwell didn't show up until 2am! So I'm assuming all feature dj here don't show up till late to make sure you spend $$$$ on drinksBouncers incredibly rude they would not let you get on the main dance floor, he said it was "Too crowded...back the f! Up"  like it's our fault they let too many in, for a place too small?I yelled back at him, no space to back up . So he yelled "just stay there then!"  Wtf is wrong with their security? Did I just drop $400 on dinner so I can get yelled at by the bouncer?The crowd was meh, Not enough cultural diversity. If Asians and edm are your thing this is your place.
1	Hakkasan was an EPIC DISAPPOINTMENT. Came here Halloween weekend to see Hardwell. I am deeply embarrassed for the owners. It was shocking how cheaply designed, messy, and poorly planned the entire club felt. The layout makes no sense, the staff were wearing gimmicky Asian-themed outfits (GET IT?! Cause you're in an "ASIAN" club?! plz.) , and the decorations left **much** to be desired - e.g. upside down parasols all over the ceiling that look like they were $2 at World Market and hanging paper lights - you know, like the ones you can buy at Ikea/Target when you're in college? The DJ booth area looks like an unimpressive rave festival stage. VERY amateur aesthetics, to say the least. This is especially baffling given that Hakkasan expects 90% of their clients (i'm basing this number off their tablespace to dancefloor ratio) to buy a table. Why would anyone want to spend an unnecessary amount of money to be in a super trashy room? How do they expect to compete with Marquee, XS, and Light when their venue is so tacky and ugly....and in case you're wondering, the overall appearance of the crowd matches Hakkasan's interior design. Also, i ordered a CLUB SODA at the bar because I was extremely parched and not in the mood to get drunk in such an underwhelming environment, and the bartender took 15 minutes to get to me and then charged me $7, plus NO REFILLS. Seriously, Hakkasan?? Have you no class or shame at all? I mean, i know you spent wayyyy too much money signing up all those bigtime DJs  and you're super worried about recovering the expenses, but c'mon - this is just pathetic.More complaints: dangerously crowded, absolutely NO SITTING allowed anywhere even in the few spots where it would make perfect sense to allow people to rest their feet (i'd be very amused if this rule was for "safety" bc i'm quite certain we'd all die in an emergency evacuation no matter what bc the club is a confusing, overcrowded labyrinth), $75 cover for guys (aka. shoulda bought those $30 presale tix online bc the promoter who said he'd give the guys "reduced cover" was totally lying!), subpar gogodancers, and the main act came on at 2AM after an obnoxious emcee narrated a pointless costume contest to the puzzled crowd for 10 minutes too long.Never go here, even if you're curious to just "check it out" for the first time (which was my mistake). And no, not even their amazing EDM residencies can offset the overall negative experience. I came here for FREE to see a topnotch DJ and i'm STILL offended and want my time back. This club kills good vibes.Hakkasan will certainly not be a lasting nightlife institution in Vegas. XS, Marquee, and Light must be relieved.
1	I went there twice. My first night I was really exited to see this 120 million $$ club. and it was nothing but disappointment. First of all, who ever did the interior design of this place has to retire and figure out a new career. besides the theme and interior design, the architect must have been an idiot as well. narrow walk ways and no place to chill. overall it was very ugly and poorly done.The drinks are expensive but that is just Vegas, however Hakkasan seemed pricier. The bouncers were nice but they looked like they hated their lives because the club is designed poorly and it only makes their lives harder.The second time i went it was only because I was dragged by friends who really wanted to see Hakkasan... I told them it is a waste of time and money. they did not listen. tho today, they all 100% agree that Hakkasan Nightclub is a terrible choice.I have never tried the restaurant there so my rating only goes out to the night time event.I strongly recommend other nightclubs such as, The Marquee, Light, XS and etc...Cheers.
3	As a new resident of Vegas, I have been to Hakkasan a good handful of times.  Some nights were fun but most were ok.  When both Light and Hakkasan were opening up this spring, I could tell that there was a huge buzz around Hakkasan.  It was going to be THE place to be!  I was super excited but then sadly disappointed by a few things... 1) It is difficult to see the DJ unless you want to be sardined on the dance floor or if you have a table... actually some of the less expensive tables are pretty far from the DJ and can't see either.2) The crowd is a little bit pretentious for me or people who go there like to act that way because they are in Hakkasan.  I got a similar vibe at Marquee.  At other clubs I feel a little more relaxed (ie. Surrender, Light, even XS). 3) The layout and stairs are killer for heels.  The stairs from the hip hop room feel never ending.  The physical location of the club is on the opposite side of the hotel from the parking lot also!  It's almost like you need to bring a separate pair of sandals for the walk to Hakkasan... parking lot, then stores, then across the casino.I don't hate Hakkasan, don't get me wrong.  Here is what I like about it.1) Hakkasan is definitely a fancy club.  When guys have to pay, they might feel like they are getting more for their money with a ticket to Hakkasan because it is such a big club.  Tickets are expensive though for guys... it can get up to $75 depending on who is playing :/2) Huge DJs!  Tiesto, Calvin Harris, and Hardwell to name a few.   I most recently saw Nervo there a few weeks ago.  We waved at them from the dance floor and Liv waved back to us!  So cool.  This is where the superstar DJs play for sure.3) The staff (bouncers, security guards, etc) are all realllly nice!  I think that Hakkasan did a great job training their staff :)I definitely have to pick and choose my nights at Hakkasan.  I usually go for a certain DJ or if my friends from CA are going to Hakkasan.  I don't think my feet or heels can survive too many visits in a row haha.
4	I don't get the bad reviews I see on here. Maybe the fact that it was my birthday weekend just made it more fun, but here's my input:Location: IDEAL. MGM Grand is central on The Strip and Across of Marquee. I heard a story about how the owner of Hakkasan was denied a table at Marquee, so he basically said "you don't know what you've started" and boom! Opened Hakkasan and took the DJ's/Promoters/etc. Not totally sure about this story...just heard it from one of the security guards.Security: Since we're on that subject, the security was good! Lost your phone? Well, you should've gotten a better bag or maybe not even bring your phone at all. Think about it. If you were a thief who wanted to get a bunch of smart phones in one night without being caught, a nightclub like Hakkasan is like the gold mine!! Dark, smoke in your face when the bass drops, flashing strobe lights, drunk people jumping up and down not giving any f*cks.....yeah It's a thief's dream! So security is not to blame on your lack of keeping your things together. Atmosphere: Fancy & Posh. I think it looks like a spaceship. Stairs to the second floor are not the grandest, but hey...heals do that to you. Are your feet in pain from your shoes? Wear more comfortable ones. Price: It's all about the connections. I had a promoter who got my group (3 guys/4 girls) in FOR FREE on a Thursday to see Dada Life. I got into the club and saw that some guys paid $40-50. Some girls paid $20 to get in. What do you expect from a Strip-central nightclub? Don't like the price? Go to some off-strip nightclub or come on a weekday. My opinion is to not set your expectations so high that you'll walk in and not enjoy your night. Keep your things together, have a great group of friends, be friendly to the security guard and workers (hey, this is their job almost every night!), and enjoy Vegas!! :)
4	Not a club or EDM guy at all. Tagged along with a friend who is a die-hard Tiesto fan (of course he is). But I have to say my experience there was not at all how bad as I envisioned it. The stairs didn't bother me. I'm a guy in fine shape with flat shoes. But I can see how ridiculous they can get for girls. Hakkasan would recoup their $120 million quite a bit faster if they figure out an efficient people mover. Drinks were drinks. But it was hilarious that whenever anyone asked for a water (my friend included) they immediately pulled a mini Fiji from the fridge and charged $9. Ha! People talk about alcohol markups. Where's the furor over this?!The line moved quite well and waited not even 5 minutes. This was before midnight, though, so I can't attest on how they move people along during the "rush hour". But what blew my mind was that this was a club staff I did not hate. Really. I'm not sure if this is by chance or if the parent company of Hakkasan intentionally hired a friendly club staff, but holy shit could this revolutionize clubbing. Make people feel comfortable?! Get out. The one major drawback is the dancefloor. Holy smokes you could hardly call this a dancefloor. 1) it was small and 2) so packed you could hardly dance. It was more of a 'let's stare at Tiesto and feign exhilaration when he simply changes a song' floor. But I get it. All these places are packing their space with tables, I'm not mad about it. But when is enough enough? Anyway, I endorse.
2	Hakkasan tries to compete with the big two clubs in Vegas right now. Marquee and XS. In a way, it does, but in another way, it's your typical Vegas club just magnified 10x.While it didn't have as many stairs as Marquee, there were still quite a few. Granted, there were a bunch of rooms playing any type of music you wanted and I guess you can't be taking the elevator all day with those many people.Suffice to say, it's layout isn't as good as XS which has that gigantic open area with no stairs. On the flipside, XS can get packed enough where you have to wade through the pool just to get out.Both a downside and upside of Hakkasan is they don't close off the main dancefloor. Marquee and XS will have security shooing you away. Hakkasan did not the day I went. However, while you can make your way to the floor, you're packed like sardines.Also, $100 for Calvin Harris? C'mon. Really? I've paid less for Kaskade and Avicii in Vegas.
4	I love the music here, but damn the drinks are SOOOO expensive! I think I spent almost 100 just on four drinks and I was like fuck, I should have done a pre game before I came in the club. I assumed we got VIP service because we got free entrance to the club, thanks to a mutual friend. We started dancing all night long, with glow sticks and we got front row to Tiesto. Watching Tiesto was fucking amazing. The crowd was INSAAAANE!!! You would make a new friend anywhere you went and it's easy to make random conversations. Great for dancing, great for music, great for anybody who likes fancy/posh places... Great to REALLY dress up if you feel like going all out.. This is not somewhere you could wear something casual unless you're a true hippie and you can get away with that :P
1	Let Hakkasan be a prime example of how NOT to design a night club in Interior Design College classes across the world. They are so lucky the promoters are grabbing the best DJ's in the world to play here or else no one would even think to come here again!How much does this place suck? Let me list the ways:1) Too many stairs. Stairs to get into the club. Stairs to get to the bar. Stairs to get into the other room. Stairs to the bathroom. Are you serious? Make your club on a ground floor with minimal to no stairs. I got the wind knocked right out of me trying to get into the main room. It's just a bad way to start the beginning of your evening breaking a sweat trying to get into a club.2) Bottlenecked hallways and pathways. Can someone say fire hazard? I love clubs and understand that packed areas are part of the normal protocol. But Hakkasan will test your level of patience with how cramped it gets going from one area to another. And it's not even because of the club not being able to accommodate the crowd they are letting in. It's just a bad lay out and design of their hallways and how people need to get where they want to be.3) The Dance Floor or lack thereof. This club is huge and you're designating about 1/20th of the venue to the dance floor. It just makes no sense! Especially when you have the hottest dj's in the world playing, everybody wants to be on the dance floor. Well too bad, there's too many people here and too little dance floor to accommodate everyone. So why don't you just stay cramped in a hallway or stairway somewhere cause that's what there is a lot of.4) You can't see the DJ. For whatever reason, it is impossible to see the DJ here. Once again poor design and layout of the club. The designers just did not take this into consideration when building the venue. Being able to see the DJ is an important part of the experience. Trying to get a view of the DJ is just something a person should not have to worry about. Totally kills the mood.5) Poor design aesthetics and feel. Upside down parasol umbrellas are hanging from the ceiling, blocking off lighting from the light system that should be hitting the dance floor. They just had no common sense at all installing that fixture. Bartenders and bus boys wearing ninja suits, servers wearing shanghai dresses? It's just tacky and borderline racist.Calvin Harris, Dada Life, Nervo, and Hardwell are some of my favorite Dj's and I will be waiting for their residencies to end than rather come back to this club. Not even worth to check out for a first time. Seriously! Save your money and time and go to XS, Surrender, Light, or Marquee instead.
1	Hakkasan was a very bad place to go to. The place was way too crowded while the designs were confusing, small and not roomy. The bouncer was very rude and disrespectful. He would pushed my back pretty hard when it was too crowded and i was kind of forced toward the table and touched the crowd control rope which i didn't mean to. Horrible place to be at if they continued on treating their customers like this. Music was not that great, the hip hop floor was super small, and there were too many stairs which can cause people to trip.
1	I've decided to rename this place Hakasux because it does.My last experience her, I was with a group of about 8 sexy ladies and one sweet gay dude. It was Halloween so the majority of my friends were half naked and scantly clad. Anyway, 9 is a large group, my friend was offered a comp table.  We arrived by the check and had no issues past the first round of bouncers. As we approached the stand the bouncer told my friend that a part of the nightclub wasn't open and that they'd comp our admission and offer us each a free drink ticket. What the what?! It's a Sunday, which is their industry/locals night. Whatever, my favorite Producers/DJs were spinning (Dada Life) and I was dead set on having a great time. Hakasux has a really crappy layout. A group of 9 can no way stock together. I ended up with two of the ladies and we braved it on the dace floor. Smooshed like sardines. This is typical. I can't blame Hakasux for this at all. This is just what Vegas nightlife has turned into.Normal club happenings occur, then during Dada Life's performance there was a giant pillow fight (set to their track Happy Violence - irony not lost on me) and it was way too much fun until all of a sudden my friend grabbed my arm and said out friend was hit in the head with an empty bottle (like some jerk from a table tossed their bottle of goose into the crowd). We immediately scrambled off. My friend has a friend that works security in the club, so informing him, he took my us upstairs to be triaged. The EMTs were kind and professional.After this whole ordeal we left. Not even a sorry about your experience, nothing. I doubt I will ever set for in this place again. They may have top name DJs but f these antics continue I don't see Hakasux having much sticking power. Go to Light/ XS/ Surrender instead.
4	Whole lotta haters on here.  I can only assume that they don't hit the high end clubs in Vegas very often.If you're planning on hitting this club, all the standard rules apply. They will pack it wall-to-wall.  Their goal is to get you to buy a table.  If you're a guy, look good, and have lots of pretty little things hanging around you.  This is not the place to go if you're a group of nine and don't buy a table. Let me be clear here: It doesn't matter who you know, or what list you're on.  The only thing that matters is the money you are willing to spend.  The more money you spend, the better the experience.  Ever notice how the non-guestlist people get in first?  That's because they're paying.  Notice how the people buying the high end drinks get served first?  Or how the people buying tables get their own dance space and service?  That's right....MONEY.  Just. Like. Every. Other. Club. On. The. Strip.I went last weekend with my wife and other couple; we had a great time.  Yes, the common dance areas were packed, what did you expect?  For the most part everyone was friendly; we met several other couples / groups and had a blast.  Heck, we even befriended two of the bartenders who hooked us up with drinks and laughs.If you've been to Tao on a Friday or Sat night, this place is less packed and better designed.  Better vibe too.  Surrender at Encore is hella bigger, but mostly outdoors.  Same with Pure at Caesers.TL;DR - It's a good Vegas club.  Ignore the trolls.
4	The experience was saved for myself by the Ling Ling room. It's obvious that this club focus is EDM and I have realized that it is not my cup of tea after 4 hours. The crowd, drinks and lines were at my usual club expectation. But the bouncers, lights and various performers were great additions. So many witty bouncers who would dance to the music! My promoter told me to get there by 930 and I only waited 20 minutes. Now, with the first performance at 130 and the second at 4, you are asking a lot of me. So sadly I didn't see Aoki or Deadmau5, but the shirts and glow sticks handed out looked great. Nice club, good for a look, but I still have a soft spot for surrender.
1	I am so disappointed after coming to Hakkasan. Warning anyone who comes to hakkasan, there is a theft ring who goes around stealing phones and wallets out of girls' purses while they are holding them on the dance floor. Protect yourself! Hakkasan Las Vegas Nightclub should be working towards helping prevent the problem. I understand that there's not much they can do but at least they should be producing a disclaimer about the unbelievable amount of theft that is going on in their nightclub and possibly step up security! Two girls in our group got their phones and credit cards stolen and we were just two of many! be careful!!! such a disappointing end to the trip. And very disappointing the management doesn't do a thing to prevent this.
2	Dear Lord! Where do I start... Waited in line for over 2 hours, the staff opened up another line to give priority to those who were willing to cough-up a few extra bucks, finally got in and we had to take several flights of stairs (mind you, we were wearing heels). $5 tap water, believe it or not. There was no place to sit, no place to actually dance (crowded dance floors), and every EXIT was blocked off. LV's fire marshal needs to inspect this place ASAP! Giving them two stars for playing some hip hop music and for not over-charging us that night considering it was 4th of July.
4	Hip hop floor and EDM floor is separated for those that prefer different ones. I like the setting and decor and definitely had a good time here before I left Vegas the next day. Got 5 floors which they have an elevator for to bring us to each level.
5	Best club in vegas its 4 stories and has different music on each level shoulder to shoulder packed they should have a capacity there.. but music was awesome the dj was playing music that kept me there all night!
1	Me and 4 of my other friends came in to party Saturday night. $50 for ladies; $100 for men (Rip-Off)The club is packed!! Too Crowded. You can't even dance on the dance floor. People pours drinks on top of your head. That's how crowded it was! We were there to enjoy but after an hour, we decided to leave.I understand it was a Saturday night but they should have some kind of a maximum capacity of persons that can only come in so they can have a good time. The people keeps on going in and everybody were drunk, pouring drinks with each other, stepping on foot, bumping, grabbing everywhere. Not very cool.I will definitely never go back to this place. Id rather go to Marquee Club again.
1	It had been a hot minute since I had been in Vegas but those in the know assured me that Hakkasan was THE place to be on the weekend. I'm always up for an all night dance party so I gladly paid ahead of time for a ticket to Calvin Harris on Saturday night. Although I know it's possible for girls to get in free pretty much anywhere in Vegas, to me this ticket was totally worth it to not have to worry about standing in ridiculous lines or bribing bouncers. The entry was confusing, as there were several different security and promoter people who kept herding us to different areas and telling us different things about what we needed - should we have our printed tickets out? Is an email pulled up on a phone ok? It took a while for everyone to finally get in the door because of all of the confusion. Once in, I have to say I was surprised that the interior wasn't more exciting and over the top. I expect big and bold and beautiful from Vegas clubs, but what I saw was more like what an 80s nightclub would look like in movies, with black everywhere and somewhat cheesy neon lights. I also thought the layout wasn't smart, as everyone is naturally directed to this one staircase to get to and from the dance floor and bars, which of course meant that everything got extremely congested. I know this is a hot club right now, but the crowds were ridiculous... I could barely move the whole night. These kinds of crowds also encourage theft. Four girls out of about eight in my group of friends got their iPhones and/or wallets stolen. Now we're not talking about people carelessly leaving their purses in booths and wandering away. These purses were on shoulders, and one or more a-holes were obviously using the crowd as a way to bump into people and dig in their bags. Several girls all around me that I didn't know also fell victim. It was really hard to dance my booty off when every few minutes I heard some poor girl scream 'my phone's gone!!!' Clutching my purse tightly to me, I told several security guards, all of whom nodded vaguely while avoiding eye contact. I knew they weren't telling anyone. And of course no one returned our calls when we called their number that night and the next morning. We were no longer their problem! I know in Vegas it's not really about convenience but about the wild night and the scene you're a part of. For that part of it Hakkasan did what I expected. But when it comes to treating your customers right, ones that are very likely to spread the word and come back and spend a lot of money if treated well, they unfortunately failed miserably.
5	WOWSERSSSSI am reading other reviews on here and I am suprised (and thankful) that for as buzzed /wasted pants I got when I was here, I still had a good time. So I came here Halloween weekend, on Nov 1st. Everyone was still pretty dressed up. I didnt want to wear my costume so I came in street clothes. My friend got a promoter to put us on a guestlist so we barely had to wait to get in, we also got there really early, we didnt want to deal with getting to the club at peak hours and waiting forever.Once inside, its decieving. I thought it was smaller when I walked in (sober) as I got more intoxicated, I realized how big it is inside. My friend that I went with was having a rough vegas weekend, tired and lost her phone the night before at XS. She left about 30 mins into the night, but she knows me I am ms. social  as soon as she left i made new friends and had drinks given to me practically left and right. At one point I was on a solo adventure and ended up roaming around alone having a blast, UNTIL SUDDENLY.... I HEAR... Escape me by Tiesto.. and i rememebered that the reason I was there was to see him. I go and jam out to him and have a ball !!! I even met a cutie pie there that happens to live close to me and we are  hanging out soon... had a great time here, met cool people, saw Tiesto, didnt lose anything, and experienced a fun time.. this club is huge and dont forget the hip hop room downstairs..they were playing two chainzzzz :)
3	Started off great! Awesome live DJ. Got way too crowded in mins. Fire Marshall/ To many people, couldn't even walk around. Over room capacity. Over all lots of fun!
1	Hakkasan should be renamed to Hakkasucks. Seriously. There are so many things wrong with this club, I'm not even sure where to begin. First and foremost, is it really necessary to have stairs everywhere? Even those little 2 steps that go from the bar to a table, like why couldn't you just have a little ramp there? You know you have a problem when there is security there just for the sake of flashing their lights on those stairs so people don't trip and fall on their faces. Also, security is another thing. I know it's standard to have guards flashing their lights on people drinking but I really do NOT appreciate looking at the end of the flashlight every 5 mins. There are times where I would literally just be standing in one spot for about 20 min with a drink in my hand (I was taking a break from dancing) and there would be a security guard, shining his flashing light in my freakin' face at least 3 times, even though I haven't moved or anything. I was just standing there trying to enjoy my music and my drank while resting my feet. Geez.  The dance floor is small AF. I don't even bother trying to dance on the actual floor itself but instead, opt out on dancing by the tables closer to the bar. Oh yeah, you pretty much need to get a table if you want to enjoy yourself and have even the slightest chance to breathe in this place. This place gets so freaking packed you can't move an inch unless you have a table to chill at, if you're willing to sell an arm and leg to afford one. And even then, there are those bottle rats that take up all the space at and on top of the tables too. Eff that. The only plus sides of Hakksucks is the djs and the fact that one of my friends' bfs works here so I got walked in last weekend (I busted a mission after work and got to the club at 11pm). But even then, I left pretty early cuz Tiesto was just playing all mainstream edm and I wanted to hear his old songs. Womp womp. Save your time (and money guys) and go to Light instead. You'll have a way better time, trust me.
1	This club was reccomended by people because of the hype and djs,  we got into the guest list of 14 girls. We had to wait all the way outside until you can get to the line inside the casino. It was fucking ridiculous. This was the line to get in free so you cant really complain I guess,But it gets worse once youre inside. Traffic jam everywhere!  Rude bouncers flashing lights in your face. They over compacity this place making it impossible to get any air or place to dance. And when you do find a place to take a breather, the bouncers rudely make you move the fuck out. If you cant handle all that people inside a club, then you should have maximum limit. Never again. Save your time and go to xs instead. F.y.i The layout of the club wasnt anything exciting either.
5	I don't get the bad reviews. I've been twice and both nights have had the time of my LIFE! Yes, it's crowded. The dance floor is jam packed and you'll spend 15 minutes of your life trying to get in.  So if you can, get a table. You'll be glad you did.As far as getting to and from the Lingling room and the main floor, you can wait forever for an elevator or take the stairs. After all those stairs and dancing,  you'll probably look around for somewhere to sit for a bit... good luck with that. All that said though, I didn't let crowds, stairs, or a lack of seating areas ruin my night. It's a NIGHT CLUB! Wtf do people expect? I was there to have a good time & that is exactly what I did. The DJs are amazing! The crowd is fun and alive. The staff is nice. The bartenders are If you love EDM, happy people and a good time. Hakkasan is THE place to be while in Vegas. If you're into mediocre music, a blah crowd and empty space, please... stay away.
3	The club has a good layout and decor, but it was just way too crowded.  I have been to many other crowded clubs, but when I mean crowded, it's to the point you are sandwiched by tons of people in the pit and will make a difficult situation to finding friends or getting a drink at the bar.  You can't be timid if you want to get around here, you have to use your arm to move people out of your way as courteous as possible but assertive enough to get where you need to go.  The line is long and moves slower than a line at Disneyland so you'll spend 30-40 minutes for GA.  Tiesto was playing for $100 that night.  The price is not the problem since this is a world famous DJ playing inside a smaller club instead of a stadium.  But the whole being crowded thing doesn't make for money well spent.  If you really want to see a high profile DJ such as Tiesto for $100, Wet Republic is the best experience for GA.  I was able to get in right away, waited in a line that only took less than 5 minutes and was at the front.  I never had a problem with the crowd at a day party and I was able to stand in the front section and see Tiesto up close without fighting any crowds.  We all had our space and you didn't have to be shoved and fight for space to get a good view or to walk around to find friends or get a drink at the bar.  Wet Republic felt more like a VIP experience because it was still packed to feel like a party but you still had your space to walk around.
5	Had an incredible experience.  There's nothing like XS, but hakkasan is def something worth experiencing.Everyone thinks the mutli floor thing is cool, but if you were old enough to rage in the 90's most clubs had multiple rooms with diff types of music.The table set up is really roomy and spacious, you def never feel crowded in the main room here.  The hip hop room is another story.  Its packed and wild.  Girl on girl fights, debauchery, make shift (albeit very questionable) go go dancers, etc.  The main room dance floor is huge. DADA LIFE did a great production although not my fav edm show of all time, they def hit the unique with their massive pillow fight the whole banana thing- it was rad.Let me tell you what stood out about hakkasan I have never experienced such good service at a nightclub EVER. From entrance to being given the royal treatment at our table, it was freaking incredible.  These people worked their asses of to serve with excellence it was awesome.  Our host Kevin Lee was the MAN!!!! After a 7k dance floor table left for the night, he personally surprised us and moved us to the better table, it was amaze.I would go back just for the service, worth every penny.
3	nice set-up, great dj line-up. gotta love the EDM! I will give the club props for that...the hip hop room is irrelevant. LOL... anyways, but if you are a dude, then you need to get bottle service!! otherwise you will be stuck wandering around like a worthless chump. way too many steps, very dark lighting, not good for drunk people. and when it gets packed, its like a rat maze.. good luck trying to walk thru the main dance floor!
4	My review may be a bit bias because my personal experiences here have been great, partially due to the fact that I am involved in the industry. The music is mainstream "EDM" and although its not my thing you have to remember you are in Las Vegas, if you want a spiritual musical journey go to a hippy rave in the desert, you wont find it here. That said, I don't think you will have the greatest time visiting this club if you don't plan on paying for bottle service. That alone will make or break your experience. Again, thats not something to complain about, it's Las Vegas and people visit the strip to celebrate and blow money. Its really not that tough if you have a group of friends willing to pitch in and commit to the night. Otherwise you'll probably spend the first half of your night waiting in a ridiculously long line and the second half of the night spilling your drink on yourself as security ushers you from one tight corner of the club to the next. Great place if you know what you're getting yourself in to.
2	So this is a review that made me create my yelp account. I was really excited to visit HKLV so i bought pre sale tickets online for a reasonable 35$ Thursday NERVO show for me and four friends.  I read a lot of reviews here and went with my gut-instinct that told me "you can't base your decisions of what some people think, just go and form your opinion".I was disappointed in Hakkasan.  Although entry was very quick, that was probably the best part of my experience.  You ride an elevator and enter into the space, and yes, you immediately recognize that the dance floor is big.  Then you notice how dark the club is, with its weird grey alien ship like interior.  A quick stroll reveals the second floor to offer great views for those with table service, and not for general admission.  It is cool to see the main table room where you can observe from up high, but that gets old quick.A trip to the Ling Ling Lounge reveals a very small, perfectly square room with tables on the outside and some kind of tiny common lounge dancefloor space ish in the middle and a bar at one end.  you are forced to walk in a circle around the club, and are either put back into the cycle, or are ejected out.  we were in there for 10 minutes at most.It becomes underwhelming fast, especially when you compare it to XS or Marquee - which both offer outdoor integration, pools, lots of room to explore, and at XS, gambling!If you absolutely HAVE to see a dj there, then go and see the club - but by no means would I ever pay the 75$ pre sales ticket price for a friday or saturday, no matter who was playing, not even dada life or deadmau5.I thought this would really live up to the hype, but it didn't at all, and only left me loving XS more than ever, which I never would have thought possible.
1	Eek! Me thinks not! Coming to Hakkasan, I had high expectations. Only because I hear they some of the best DJ's in the world. The interior and exterior was nice, but not over the top fancy. I came the night DADA LIFE was performing. I was excited. I came around 10 or 11 pm and started lining up for the guest list with my friends. It was one of the most confusing things ever, because they had MULTIPLE lines that were different. One was for tickets, promoter/staff guest list, regular guest list, etc. Every time you asked a bouncer where to go, they would tell you to go here and there, it was all confusing. Coming in, my friends and I had to climb stairs..lots of stairs. Why are there so much stairs?! There are even like 2-4 steps of stairs to go to the bar! They need to remodel this place and turn those stairs into ramps because that can be dangerous, especially if you have no guidance or if you're effed up drunk. But then again, maybe that's why those annoying security guards/bouncers are there - to flash the flashlight in your face or on the floor. The bouncers/security are cocky too because if you stand on the side or anywhere even just to rest, enjoy a drink and listen to the music, or chit chat with a friend, they'll tell you to move out of the way. Where else can we go if we can't even sit down? Apparently down in the middle of nowhere hallway, where you can't even hear the music anymore! Dance floor was small! My friends and I tried to go to the hip hop floor or any floor that had good music, and we couldn't get past 3-5 people because there was literally no moving space. I'm a small person and I felt even tinier on the dance floor (with my 5 inch heels), because everyone would look down on me while I was trying to make my way around the dance floor to dance. When my friends and I got to the middle, we couldn't even dance because there was NO SPACE to even move. So we left. If you want to dance, the best place is probably dancing by the hallway or table..but even then. it's not enough space and it still sucks. It so hot and sweaty up on the floor because of the crowdedness. Hard to breathe too! If you want better service and space, the only way for that to happen is if you get a table. Other than that, good luck even getting anywhere in this tiny club. Good thing I got in free, cause I would've been upset if I had to pay and not enjoy my time here. Don't think I'm coming back again.
1	Not a fan. Hated the stairs. Hated the fact that there is no seating. I mean c'mon, a girl needs a place to rest her feet. Overall, I just had a horrible experience. It was my bestfriend's 21st birthday and we ended up leaving after about 2 hours to party somewhere else. I would definitely skip this club when in Vegas. It just wasn't worth my time.
2	First off I would like to say that this place has great DJs and a great light show set up. However there are many reasons why I would not want to come back to this club. I have been to many clubs in Las Vegas including Marque, XS, Tao, and lights. I have been to Vegas 10 times in the past 3 years so I know the pros and cons of clubs. First: The bouncers are not friendly. I try to start a conversation and I will be ignored and they are not polite at all. Second: The venue is really crowded with no standing room. If you do not have bottle service then this place is not for you.  Third: Water is 8 dollars and you guys don't offer tap water? I just spent 100 dollars on drinks and I can't even get a glass of water?It is still a nice and amazing looking club but it would not be my first choice in Vegas.
5	The first time I came here, I wasn't a fan. The reason why was because I didn't know there was a hip hop floor! Literally my girls and I were so new to this place that we stood on the EDM floor for so long....and we were just not feeling it. After discovering the hip hop floor...MAN I loved this place! Came here again for Halloween weekend and it was totally enjoyable! The music was good! Only thing with the hip hop floor is that the dance floor is small. There are little open areas where you could just dance and mingle around though! The EDM floor is pretty decently sized compared to other places. From what I remember, there was like a lounge area too where you could sit? I like the look of this place too. This place is crackin! XS is still my favorite club to go to though, but this place is considered one that I would love coming back to party at.
1	Totally screwed security and check in. No idea about how to run a club- stay  away and find somewhere they appreciate customers - MGM this is why you are losing market share for nightlife - train your staff on how to deliver decent customer service. Fight in line to get in- seriously??
1	Worst club ever. We were in the front of the guest list line and still had to wait a whole hour to get in to the damn place. Being a girl in heels, this was miserable. Then, once you get in, more lines. What is this...Disneyland?? When we finally made it in, we had to sit down because we had been standing so long in our heels. Problem was, no place to sit. Just stairs and open floor. What the hell kind of club is this? So we tried sitting on the edge of a booth and immediately got kicked off. Seriously? Dont you want girls to like your club? Dumbest place ever. They have a huge ego or something. Its all hype. You'll have way more fun anywhere else.
2	Just wanted to update my review after the apologetic response I got from Hakkasan management. Though the service the night of was definitely poor, I do hand it to the team for reaching out personally to everyone who complains. I'm a huge customer service girl so that meant a lot to me. Hopefully I'll have the chance to return and the experience will have improved so much that they'll get a couple more stars on top of these two!
1	I don't usually write reviews on Yelp, when I do they are positive, but this was so bad I need to let other know what they may be getting into. First of all Tiesto was the only bright spot. It was my birthday weekend and wanted to see him so I paid over $120 for tickets for me and my girlfriend. We had to wait until 1:30am for Tiesto to come on, drinks take 30 mins to get, there is no where to sit and it is way over crowded. Also, beware there is no cancellation of tickets so if you pre-order and things change... you're SOL. We heard from some friends that were in the VIP area two week ago that this place was all hype. Unfortunately, I had already purchased tickets. Wish I would have waited. Wish I could get my money back. Wish this was like all the other places in Vegas that I visited this last weekend. This was the only place that was not EPIC, but thankfully there are places like XS, Light, Marquee and Hyde that are much better. To bad this terrible venue replaced the Lion Habitat @ MGM. At least that was entertaining. Would have had a much better time there.
4	To everyone complaining about how packed it was inside Hakkasan: you KNEW it was going to be crowded and packed as it is the newest and most hyped up club in Vegas.  If you wanted to check out this place without the crowd, then don't come here on a Saturday night!We came on a Friday night and were very happy to be here after a disappointing trip to Light.  I enjoyed our time in Hakkasan because we had bottle service for 17 girls on the main floor not too far from the dance floor.  Our bottle service area was spacious and not shoved up against another table.  There was a low platform in our area for extra seating and dancing. Our hostess was really nice, even when one of our girls accidentally knocked over our bucket of ice, we made sure to tip them extra for cleaning up our mess!I especially enjoyed the hip hop room downstairs!   The hip hop rooms in Vegas have always been smaller than the main rooms and Hakkasan is no exception.  The room itself is big but the majority of it is for bottle service tables only.  The dance floor is really small but they do have platforms throughout the room to dance on top which is where some of us were for a good portion of the night, mainly to get away from the super packed dance floor and still enjoy the music.  However my girls and I did get lost in here as I think there's only one way in and one way out, and when you're drunk it's easy to get lost inside!  Thank you, Hakkasan, for being the highlight our our Vegas trip!
3	Honestly not impressed especially with the prices they charge smh would rather spend $$ at Tao or Tryst and that's that I'm a house head so this is the type of venue that should be blowing my mind!!! Sorry Hakkasan on to the next Venue!
5	I have been here 2 times and i have always had lots of fun seeing and listening to Tiesto. I have only been here on saturdays and it does get crowded. i like to hang out on the dance floor and just listen and feel the music and tremendous energy of the crowd. i lost or sweated about 5lbs the last time i was here. it does get warm on the dance floor specially once you start dancing. the laser lights are really cool and some guy comes out and starts shooting water vapor at you to cool you off. Tiesto also has a button he can push to spray you with cool water. it gets very loud and my ears are ringing for about a day after. lots of girls named molly here so it's i hell of a time. going back this week to see Steve Aoki.
4	We came here on Saturday before Halloween. It was PACKED. A lot of people dressed up in awesome costumes.Hakkasan has different rooms with small pathways and stairs/elevators. It is easy to get lost here. Every room is extremely crowded.The main floor is, of course, packed. There was no space between people. But we managed to stay on the main dance floor while Hardwell played. The music was absolutely awesome! They also had the 10K costume contest that night, btw and a show girl looking type of girl won that prize. pretty cool!
4	You must have bottle service If you are here.  It's extremely packed but. One hell of a fun time.  The music was great.  The tables have sections to store your purse and charge iPhone which is great. Be sure not. To order a bunch of water as we were charged 200$ Just for water.  Note the bill can add up like crazy ours totalled about 6k and we did not drink very much.  Either was crazy bill or not the dance floor was insanely packed but we had a great time,  our waitress was awesome and the bathrooms were clean!  I would go back for sure.
3	We waited to get in almost an hour, well its acceptable. But we were told the fee is $50 after they increased to $70? Its not fair, but they were pretty sure, after waiting an hour you cant just leave it. Smart Strategy though. And its super packed. I did not drink (Had the worse hangover a day before, I even did not want to think about it). Music was great. Of course , Calvin Harris. I only went there because of him. And the stuff rude ;( Id go may be. Not sure.
1	After all the hype about Hakkasan I couldn't have been more dissapointed. The club is definitely nice, and the djs great but the SERVICE was HORRIBLE. I have never been to a club were the security and attendants were so rude. My friends and I were able to get a table from a promoter which was awesome at first. Because we were getting a table were told we had to be there by 10 (about 4 hours before Calvin Harris went on)After standing in various lines and multiple check ins we finally got in the club - and to the table. However 20min in a security guy came up and told us that the 2 guys who were with us (12 girls) who had just paid $100 each were not allowed to sit at our table... I saw another group being told the same thing, unless you specifically paid for your table, guys were not allowed, which made no sense.30 min before Calvin Harris came on, another security guy and another man with a clipboard came up to our table flashing flash lights and demanding we leave - we were not allowed to sit at the table and had to move - they were yelling at us continuously telling us to move with absolutely no explanation as to why. After arguing with the man and demanding he at least tell us why we had to go - he told us an owners friend had bought out the table and he had to give it them 'or else he's lose his f******* job" as though it was out fault. I know that this is not unusual in clubs, to be asked to leave a free table (given by promoters) when someone who can afford to buy it comes along- but the workers their were SO RUDE about it, as though we had snuck into the table and stole their alcohol.After leaving the table we went down into the crowd which was so crowded my friends and I were literally stuck in the same position for 10 min, absolutely unable to move, at the same time the bottle service attendants are shoving you from behind - I remember asking one of them, who was carrrying a large stack of cups to a table to "not push me" to which he responded he'll "push me if he has to" and then did. Another friend was repeatedly yelled at and threatened to be kicked out because she was leaning against a surface close and kinda connected to the tables - her back was turned to the Dj and crowd and it was clear she just needed somewhere to sit for bitIn addition, water bottles (8oz fuji waters) were $8 dollars each, a redbull was $9 - As they made us get their 4 hours early because we "had a table" we all sobered up pretty fast - which meant you had to spend I cant imagine how much on drink from the bar.. which costs a lot!Overall, I would never go back here -  The club itself was definitely cool, but the workers there all seem to be on power highs from working in the "hottest" club in vegas, its just not worth it - I have been to Las Vegas multiple times and to a lot of different clubs but have never experienced such arrogant and pretentious servers and security. - they literally ruined our nightI would recommend Surrender, XS, or any of other clubs! They're cheaper, less crowded, still have great djs and actually treat you like customers not uninvited guests.If you're not ready to drop 5k on a table, chose somewhere else to go.
4	This time around I was on guest list and I came pretty late.  If you get in line by 1am, then you should be good to go.  This time around I wore a jacket because it was really cold.  This club's lame because they don't let you in with the jacket, you must check it in for $5.  That's so retarded.  Anyway, finally we got in and tried searching for our friends.  It took awhile because there were so many rooms in there.  My friends first hung out in the mellow hip hop room.  Guess no one really likes going into there.  Then when it was time for Dada Life to come on, we headed out to the floor.  Blow up bananas were flying all over the place.  And they were even handing out smiling masks.  It was such a fun night.  I've seen them life at Wet Republic, they're always great live.  Can't wait to see them again.If you don't like super crowded places, then this is not the place for you.  It's always packed.
1	Seems like the designers of this club just got plain greedy. I would think most people go clubbing to dance? But apparently not according to whoever did the layout for Hakkasan. 80% of the floor space is dedicated to tables. With 10% to bars and 10% to dance space. The dance floor on the hiphop area is an embarrassment. It is basically a large walkway.
3	5 stars for having some of my favorite DJs on rotating residency. There's nothing like being able to see Tiesto and Calvin Harris night after night for free. Thank you for hiring less creepy looking people as your street team. What I don't appreciate is you guys bugging me while I'm trying to stuff an Earl's Sandwich down my throat. Keep it on The Strip.-13424253453 Stars for the stairs.Sweet baby Jesus. Thank goodness I remembered from experience. Girls, take off your shoes before you decide to climb up and down the gazzillion floors that is Mt. HK. I've heard so many horror stories about women breaking their legs and spraining their ankles. Not cool. You either need more elevators that are open to people going up, or you need to install an escalator and just conveyor belt us around. Bring flats. Ain't no party like a leg in a cast for two weeks partyyyyyy 'cuz a leg in a cast party don't end up with nothing but a wheelchair.The only places to stop and rest is at the smoking area. Great, thanks a lot guys. You mean I get the privilege to have people blow smoke in my face? Urgh. Even Marquee has a couch. I'm not about to throw down a few thousand dollars for table service just so I can sit, though the people I was with definitely wanted to 30 minutes in.There's a hip hop room and the main room. Guess which one I stayed in.+1 more star for getting me on guest list for 3 nights in a row. You can also share that star with the fact that somebody cleaned up vomit in line within 2 minutes.So what if my math doesn't work out...3 Stars.
4	Ive been to my share of nightclubs in vegas (some good, some bad), but Hakkasan is definitely one of the good places to go. The place is pretty popular so if you want to get in with no major issues I suggest arriving by midnight. My friends and I went this past Friday to see Dada Life and we were in line for about 30min going through the guest list line. Our promoter was Richie Laynes and he definitely made sure we would not have any issues at the door. Thanks Richie!Once we were inside it was insane! Like I said, the club is popular so once you enter dont be shocked if you are immediately jammed in a room full of people wall to wall trying to move in all different directions. At some point we even lost part of our group because the 1st room you enter is the Ling Ling Room and some thought that was the main room. Nope! The main room is one more floor up. But once I found all of my friends we were able to make our way up to the main room with no problems.The dance floor was packed so we went up to the balcony to watch Dada Life. Best decision ever! Even though the balcony area was full of people there was still room to dance and mingle. Getting a drink at a bar wasnt that bad either (however, be advised, drink costs are still in the $10-20 range).What really made a good impression to my friends and I though were the Hakkasan staff, specifically their security staff. Ive been to nightclubs before where the security staff thought they were the best people on Earth, but at Hakkasan the security guards were just like regular people. I got the opportunity to talk to a few of them as the night progressed and I cant say anything bad about any of them. Every security guard I talked to were just some of the most genuinely nice individuals I have ever met (and if you've ever been to a vegas nightclub you know this quality is a hit or miss pending on the location because there's a lot of fake people in vegas). So to Elaine Codilla and her security staff, thank you for making sure my friends and I were safe the whole night and for taking the time to talk to us!In the end, I recommend going to Hakkasan at least once while you're in vegas. If anything, do it just for their DJ lineup! Tiesto, Dada Life, Danny Avila, Calvin Harris, Fergie, Nervo, Moby, Steve Aoki, and Hardwell?! What?! That's insane!
1	Updated ReviewI was invited back to Hakkasan with comped VIP tickets (Pretty much just tickets to cut the line). This experience was a lot better than the previous experience. However, I noticed a lot of similar problems as the first time. The biggest difference was just that the ratio was a bit better and the dance floor wasn't AS packed, but still way too packed. Simply put, come to Hakkasan if it's a DJ you really REALLY MUST  see. The experience most likely will be lacking because of the packed dance floor. Or come if you can get in for free. Or come if you're willing to blow some serious cash on a table. Otherwise STAY AWAY. I've had multiple friends get injured on the dance floor because of how crowded it was. This includes being stepped on, being elbowed in the nose, and best of all, having a drunkard think you're messing with them and start beating the shit out of you. Honestly surprised there isn't a lawsuit going on. --------------------Review 11/27/2013I'm confused what all the hype is about. This was one of the worst clubbing experiences I've had in Las Vegas. Pluses:It's prettyCons:All the space is dedicated to  tablesThe ratio was like at LEAST 80 percent guys The DJ was absolutely horrendousCompound all of this on to a small dance floor and you get a cramped cockfest with everyone just standing there.For the price you pay, this was just ridiculous.Hakkasan, please learn to set a better ratio into the club. I'm pretty sure if there was a group of guys, they would rather not get in than get in and be crowded with a bunch of other dudes. Also for the dance floor, security should regulate the amount of people entering the dance floor. This would ensure that people are not squished like sardines and aren't even able to move.
4	Since my last review of Hakkasan, I've been back two times. I've been blown away by my experience and the customer service.After my I posted my last review and the bad experience I had, I was connected directly by their Director of CRM less than 24 hours later. Apologizing and sweetening the deal by giving me a comped table on a night of my choice. I looked at dates, saw when Dada was spinning and rallied the troops. To give a more fair and balanced view, I checked out Hakkasan one more time before my official return. Both times, I had table service, which I haven't had my previous trips. Hakkasan was a whole new world. It is everything you will want in a 5-star club experience. Excellent views of the DJ, beautiful cocktail hosts, lightening quick busser service, and the tables are equipped. They had every kind of cellphone charger in a drawer underneath the seats. There were drawers to store purses. Genius. Kudos! The night I went with Tommy Trash, there were free t-shirts given to us as well. I believe this is for select nights. Both of these trips, service was top notch, and I recieved a heartfelt in person apology for my previous trips.So, why only 4 stars... The layout. I just can't get over it. If you don't have a table, you have limited options. Upstairs it is quite roomy, but you can't see the DJs. The walkways are cluttered with people. There really isn't room for those without the pockets or the connections for bottle service. All-in-all, Hakkasan is a beautiful club, customer service is excellent, the DJs are amazing, the lighting is off the charts, and they went out of their way to apologize and right a wrong. It was greatly appreciated. I retract calling it Hakkasux.
5	I was nervous about this place because of some of the negative reviews, but it has the best DJs in town and that's what was most important to me.We went here on a Friday night. We arrived around 11:30 and there was a line to get in, but I had bought tickets online, so they just scanned the ticket from my phone and we went right in.  We got confused because the first place you get to is the hip hop room, which was super crowded and had nowhere to dance.  Then I figured out we must not be in the main room, so we found you had to go up a flight of stairs.  The main room is quite large, and has a good size dance floor.  Of course it was super packed, but we were still able to find a corner to dance in right below the DJ booth.  I don't know why people were complaining about seeing the DJ, obviously if you are right beneath it you can't see, but as soon as you step back a bit you can see fine.  The DJ was awesome (main guy came on around 12:30 I think), it was a fun crowd (everyone was dancing, there weren't a lot of people just standing around getting in the way), bathrooms were easy to find and very clean, staff was very nice.  Again, yes it's crowded, people bump into you and spill drinks on you - welcome to any club in the world.  If you want to see a famous DJ and dance for hours on end, you have come to the right place.  I can't wait to go back for Tiesto and Hardwell!!!!!!
1	Horrible experience. The club is designed for VIP  who want to fist pump on the sidelines. The dance floor is pitifully small and it's insanely overcrowded by 1am. This leaves everyone else to lurk in the periphery and spend $7 dollars for soda water while longing to be in throng staring at the DJ from the dance floor. Finish that off with a rude staff and you have a recipe for disaster. Save your money and play blackjack.
4	Swanky and fun.  exit signs mislead you to mens bathroom! beware
4	I am glad I waited until I had 2 experiences at Hakkasan to write my review as opposed to writing it after my first experience. It is very small. You are constantly pushing through people. There are a lot of stairs too, that are really dangerous when you're even the slightest bit drunk in heels. The first time, we went on a Thursday and it turned out bad. It seemed like the crowd that night were all older people. Supposedly, I ended up getting into a fight with an older Caucasian male because someone pushed me and I bumped into his arm causing him to spill his drink on me and him. It got so bad that he came looking for me after I boldly told him to "shut the f*ck up," and then I had to push him out of my face. I ended up only staying until about 1:00 because I was so pissed. After that night I told my boyfriend I never want to go back because it's way too small and the crowd there is not ideal for a good time. The second time, we went on a Sunday for Tiesto and it was awesome. The crowd was better and of course, since Tiesto was there, it made a huge difference.  Their lighting is pretty decent but not the best. A lot I reviews say the bouncers are a-holes but I completely disagree. A lot of them help you down the hundreds of stairs and there is one bouncer, kind of older guy with a shaved head and glasses, who led us to a spot on the stars RIGHT in front of Tiesto and let us stay there the entire night. He even offered us mints. I wish I had heard him when he told us his name cause I would give him a huge shoutout. He's pretty much the reason I ended up having an awesome 2nd experience at Hakkasan.  Drinks are expensive but it's Vegas. You don't go to a Vegas club and expect to only pay $8 a drink. But to make up for the fact that a drink is almost $20, they basically give you a double shot. Overall, yes I would visit this club again but not on a Thursday and only if a good DJ is playing.
4	Like a better marquee cause it's not as packed!Honestly for me, nightclubs are not much different and I think people tend to judge how good the club is with how much fun they had. But fun is too unstable of a variable, what if your friend got too drunk and threw up everywhere and got you guys kicked out?So with that being said, I had the best time ever whoo hahaha. Lights are cool, confetti everywhere, cool crowd. Dance floor on 2nd floor isn't that big but still quite fun, plays EDM. There are tables that wrap around the dance floor. Upstairs, more tables, I'm going to guess they're cheaper than the ones downstairs and not as crowded since there's no dance floor, just tables and a bar.Didn't get to check out the first floor of the nightclub, which plays hip pop.Pretty good crowd here, met really cool people, thanks to the big group of guys that got me and my girlfriend super drunk whoo! If you're going to get a table, I suggest downstairs because the atmosphere is much better. You're close to the dance floor, sure you have to scream into the ear of the person next to you but it really contributes to the party atmosphere. The bouncers here essentially let you do anything you want if you get a table and keep the bottles coming.
1	Went on a Friday night.  I really must be getting old and behind the times because I have no idea what the hype is about this club.  The music is horrible - at one point, I was just looking out onto the dance floor, which was packed, and no one was dancing for at least a few songs!! I mean....how boring is that?!Luckily, I was staying at MGM and got in for free that night.  Thank goodness I didn't pay the $30 cover they were charging for non-hotel guests.
5	Can I just say, "Effin' WOW!!"  Had an awesome time when Nervo rocked the house!  The dance floor was packed tighter than a can of sardines , but the bouncers did an amazing job keeping people moving around to other areas.  Shout out to big "Mike" who let me and my date stay in a spot right in front of the DJ!!  And I have to agree with some other good reviews about the bouncers, these guys were all great!  And yes, that older guy with the shaved head does hand out mints!! He's really cool!! Bartenders were good, I just moved around until I found one I really liked and then I kept going back to him and tipped him heavily each time. Some of the bad: It does get extremely crowded, and ladies, you have to watch your step on those stairs, I saw a few high-heel tumbles and lots of drink spills.
5	Came here on a Sunday night. It was 35 degrees outside in December so only the one floor was open. We had eaten dinner at Hakkasan and were also on a guest list for the club. Because of one or the other, we were given one free drink ticket each. Unlike the Bank, Hakkasan honored our drink tickets for redbull/vodka. Score! Only drink out of the question was champagne.Hakkasan is different from other Vegas clubs I have visited in the sense that as I had heard, this club really is all about the famous DJ's. Yes, there are some people mingling in the open bar areas but this is really the place to come to dance or be a spectator. It's really a site to behold.
1	I will start with the negative, we were there to see Tiesto, it was $100 men and $40 women $140 for my wife and me. We were having a good time and met another couple, my wife and her new friend who had just got married decided to dance on the back part of a sofa, the part were everyone else was dancing. They were there having a good time, when a D-bag manager or pr guy decided to come over to the table in front, he hit on them but when he noticed that we were there as couples he told them to get down from there and in a rude way said "you are regular people". I do not know what that means, but we paid to get in and I was paying $30 for a beer and a small cup of vodka and cranberry. I do not know if I am regular people because I am Mexican, dark skin or not a high roller.   He was there like a good D bag drinking from the table bottle and bringing single girls. What ever he does to try to get laid it's cool but when someone that is supposed to be an authority and represent a high-end club calls the costumers "regular people". Something is wrong. I am sharing a picture in case you see him be aware he does not like "regular people" in his club, you need to spend $10,000 and get a table so he can hit on drunk girls and then you will not be "regular people". One of the high points of the night was the guys that work in the bathroom, always nice, always smiling and never expecting or asking for a tip. They would always ask if you need anything else, if you were having fun and if you were ok. They do not get enough credit for the difficult job they have. The music was great and the sound was good too. We liked the Tiesto blacelets they passed out. Also the line outside was very organized, there was a lot of people but the line was moving and the security people were not rude.
3	Meehh, gotta give it to Hakkasan for getting us in easily without glitch, with a couple drink tickets each.  Came on a random Thursday night, but apparently some famous DJ was spinning.  i heard the line up is always great, but it's just the overall experience.i'd say it's pretty awesome, if it existed like.. 7 years ago.  But with Light right down the strip, i'd rather visit XS/ Tryst and not have to venture outside the Wynn.
2	We went to hakkasan on a Saturday night during the canelo vs may weather fight.  This place was jam packed with a classy bunch of people.  We were able to get in by showing up early around 9ish.  The $125 cover for guys and $50 for girls was steep.   Calvin Harris played a little bit at the show but it was mainly another DJ that looked like Calvin harris.  They lights and music levels were high quality.  Getting to the dance floor was way too crammed and it could take 15 min to move around in the club.  The club was nice but way overpriced and overcrowded.  The marquee is definitely better than hakkasan.  would not pay anywhere near that amount for the hakkassan again.  but you never know unless you play the game !
5	Treated like gold! The music was good, club was good, but Mariana (bathroom attendant) was stellar! Sounds strange, but she was a total rock star! I would highly recommend just for her!!
2	Not a fan of Hakkasan. The bouncers are PARTICULARLY strict and unreasonable. Not only did I experience it but MANY different friends on different occasions did as well. The club itself is small. Hakkasan is like the new Marquee. They have a Hip Hop room as well as the "Ling Ling room" which looks kind of like the restaurant part of their business converted into a club at night? No idea I haven't eaten there. The only plus is that Hakkasan has multiple restrooms...
4	it was a nice place and i had lot of fun herecons: employees here are full of themselves and dumb as "F" ( I em sure most of them have done some time in prison.) Pros: its new.           not run down.           got in right away.  Tips: look online to see what dj will be there. helps out alot!!!
3	Went to Hakkasan to see Calvin Harris.  Ended up seeing not only him but DJ Rukus, Rev Run, Swizz Beats and Kate Upton.  It was apparently her birthday party and it was awesome.  Now this place gets 3 stars from me because of the wait to get inside.  Even getting table service and all the the WAIT was pretty long.  I could only imagine how it was for the general admission people.  It was also a little unnerving when the elevator opened up into the club and people were trying to rush the elevator.  After this situation got fixed everything else seemed to be great.Spacious club with multiple levels.  Crazy light affects and the sound system is amazing in this place.  It is very crowded so if you do not like crowds stay home.  The bathrooms were never an issue which was a pleasant surprise considering how many people were in the club.
1	Place sucks! Way over priced,  staff is rude! And to top it off they charge 20 percent tax. Yes that's right 20 percent tax , we have the reciet! Worst club in town! If I could give it zero stars I would.
2	Not impressed. Like every club it's beautifully designed (aside from the fact that the stuff hanging from the ceiling obscures some of the lighting effects, but that's negligible). But the main issue is the experience...Most people complain about the stairs but I'm going to complain about the layout and # of tables. Because seriously, unless you get a table, you're not going to get a glimpse of whoever is DJing unless you smash yourself up on the main dance floor. I would say this club is 90%  tables and 10% walking/dancing space-- ridiculous. I'm used to the pushing and shoving and what not but seriously, it's never taken me a whopping 30 minutes to move 3 yards into the dance floor.I'm sure I would have had a better time here if I got table service but I'll take my pushing/shoving somewhere where I don't see tables every corner I turn.(PS. I believe the drinks here are more expensive than the already expensive Vegas drinks. So... pregame hard)
2	When you accidentally walk outside and want to re-enter into the club please be prepared for a 45 minute wait. Ohh and you are in heels nicely dressed please expect to feel like you look like a piece of dirt. I've watched account less people with jeans and tee shirts walk in before us. The service is terrible, not what I'm use to as a local. Vey upset.
1	OVERRATED! We waited 4 HOURS to see HARDWELL, who isn't even as big as Calvin Harris or Tiesto, and guess WTF happened? We WAITED. We stood for 4 hours in front of the DJ booth and guess what happens? The bouncer brings over trust fund babies and puts them right in front of us. Even better though.. The trust fund babies, who happen to be all guys, PAYS the bouncer TWICE and says "get us some girls." Kid you not, here come another group of 6 people!! Is this happening? Did we just pay $200 to get in and you put some drunk, spoiled brats in front of us who keep pushing us back and turning to give us dirty looks. Efffff you Hakkasan! Absolute trash!! Never again!!
1	Don't let the great DJ's they have make you overlook this review!I don't understand designers thinking sometimes. Hakkasan in the MGM has so much going for it. They are the hot new club on the strip, they have incredible resident DJ's, and people want to go there. But what they have done is ignored normal party goers and catered to the wealthy that will spend big bucks on a table. I'm not joking if you don't have big $$$ don't waste your time. The entire 4th floor is basically tables for VIP. For us normal folk they funnel you to the dance floor through ONE staircase that is used to enter and exit the dance floor. Good luck getting on or off once it fills up. Took me 5 minutes pushing and shoving (politely I might add) to move 20 feet. The dance floor itself feels like it is a 6 by 6 box that they try to jam 500 people on to, there is just no space for anyone. Dancing is non existent as you just try to stay upright in the hoards of people. Then, once you think you have room enough to maybe move a bit to the beat someone pushes past, and the shoving match ensues again. Also we heard that theft is an issue here, because people are jammed in so tight it would be tough to notice someone grabbing your wallet or phone. Someone next to us had their phone stolen. Needless to say before my wife and I got the chance to see Hardwell we left. I feel like this club really missed the mark. You can only survive on being the hit Club so long. But this club is built for a minority of people willing to spend thousands on tables not those of us willing to shell out hundreds just to stand, there is no where to sit and rest your feet BTW. And don't think you can stand anywhere outside the main floor and see the DJ as there are no such places. Non that they let you stand in anyway, they have people that will tell you to move if you try. Won't be long before they have people out on the street begging you to come in here. Oh and they wanted to charge me $23 for a Red Bull and vodka. I laughed and walked away as I value my money a bit more than that.  It's a shame because it really is a beautiful club, really nicely built and awesome lights but there is just no room. Big missed opportunity.This is a review on the main dance floor on the 4th level (Hardwell, Tiesto, Calvin Harris) so don't let this review dissuade you from going and trying something else there.  UPDATE: Hakkasan to their credit contacted me and asked me to come back and try the club again. I declined as I don't feel a return trip will bring a different experience for me unless the layout has changed. Plus we live in Utah. I'd like to say we found the staff we interacted with to be mostly friendly other than the bouncers.
2	Promoters call it the best place go party in America. Boy are they wrong. Contacted a promoter to see Calvin Harris on Dec 28th. Mind you I am a girl and have 4 other girl friends with me. It seemed like we were all set on the guestlist and everything but when we got there they wanted a $40 cover. Um no. Girls in Vegas should never have to pay cover. A different and much better promoter ended up getting us free bottle service at surrender that same night and we had a blast. Then we decided to give it another shot and went to see tiesto a few days later. Holy shit it was packed like sardines. There is literally no room to move. It was awful. Skip this place and hit up marquee. So much better.
2	Went on 12/30/13. This place is overrated.  The dance floor is too small. Too many stairs. $18 for a redbull/vodka! I prefer XS instead.
4	Loved this place.  Came on a night when Calvin Harris was spinning and still got in without a glitch - my girls and I did come early though.  I wish I'd read Katie B's review earlier though, as I did get my cell phone stolen here as well.  With that being said, however, this club has the nicest bouncers EVER.  I basically bugged ALL OF THEM to help me find my phone and they were all super nice about it.  Notwithstanding that, my friends and I had a great time.  I don't think the place ever got too crowded (which is a huge difference from when I saw Calvin Harris spin at XS... I literally thought I was going to get trampled to death and left within 30 minutes).  This place is kind of small compared to the mega clubs like XS and Marquee but I enjoyed my time here a lot.  I wish I hadn't lost my phone but they get a huge thumbs up for having the nicest bouncers in town.
4	My boyfriend and I went here twice over NYE weekend to see DJ's Hardwell and Calvin Harris and really enjoyed ourselves. Out of all of the clubs I have been to I have never seen such attentive staff! We bought our tickets for Hakkasan online during pre-sale and printed them via email. We were pleased to find out that the club was directly behind the gold MGM lion and easy to find. We checked our coats at the coat check ($5 on the 30th and $10 on the 31st - which we expected since things are more expensive on actual New Years Eve) and then waited in line to present our tickets. One staff member scanned our tickets and then another staff member checked our IDs and then stamped our wrists. Once more before actually entering the club you get another stamp (I'm not really sure what the double stamps are for but I didn't mind it). You can either take the elevator (Ladies - if you are wearing heels take the elevator!) or walk up the stairs. The main stage for Hakkasan is on the 4th floor and has a lot of space dedicated to VIP areas. As some of the other reviews have stated they will not let you sit or even hover next to the VIP areas. We found a spot at the top of the handicap ramp which has glass panels - this gave me a great view of the stage and also had a little shelf to hold our drinks (if you want this spot you have to get there early though!). The DJs we saw were both excellent and were more of a show than just a DJ set - dancers, acrobats dangling from the ceiling (very Cirque du Soleil), confetti, balloons - it was so cool! I'm not sure what it's like on an "average" night but we were so entertained. The main dance floor gets super crowded and drinks are expensive ($10 for a corona, $18 for a vodka tonic and $8 for a baby sized bottled water), also the DJ's don't go on until super late (Hardwell went on at 1:30am and Calvin Harris right after midnight), but overall we had a good time and would go again.
1	This is the worst corner of vegas. I was with the most beautiful woman in the club, but this place is an overblown waste of space. Great lighting system, but it was completely wasted by an inc oentirelympetent and unengaged DJ - Tiesto (whom i think was actually taking a nap after pressing play). Bright flashing lasers and confetti drop at the unmixed, silent transition between songs? He took songs like "kids" by MGMT amd basically added the sound of knocking 2 coconuts together to make it both unlistenable and undanceable. DJs are the paris hiltons or kim kardashians of musicians. They are popular because they are famous and famous because they are popular - not due to any inate talent. The $59 for 2 drinks and 2 waters was totally worth the 2:15 hr wait... and that is the guestlist line. Avoid at all costs.
4	Ran into a promoter who offered out group of girls a free bottle and table. Had to send a picture of ourselves to him in order to be confirmed for the table. Arrived at about 10:30 pm. Was able to reach the promoter right away and he took is directly into our table in the hip hop area. The place filled up quick. Glad we had a table or there wouldn't be a place to dance. Its a big club but gets quite crowded. Tried to go to the trance area upstairs where tiesto was playing, but it was way too crowded. Ended up finishing our bottle and back to the casino for gambling.
2	I read the reviews prior to heading to Hakkasan to see Tiesto. I can't relate to the stairs being an issue(as previous reviews stated) there's really not that many stairs. But out of all the night clubs I've been to, this one is by far the worst. It was extremely overcrowded(fire code violation much?) and the dance floors are practically non existent. The DJ in the hip hop room (which was drastically less crowded) was mediocre at best. The only reason I gave it two starts over one is that fact that it is a nice looking place. As a group we decided, no matter what DJ is playing here, to stay away.
2	So.... I'm not really a fan. I'd been wanting to check out this club for ages, so when I finally got an opportunity to, I was really excited. Of course, you can't go a mile in Vegas without seeing advertisements for Hakkasan, their lineup of amazing DJs, and hearing about how huge and wonderful it is.Unfortunately, huge doesn't always mean wonderful. (wait...that didn't come out quite right)... ANYWAY, we luckily got in right away, without waiting in the long madhouse of a line, but as soon as we got onto the overly packed elevator, I got nervous.  I know it is a nightclub, but there HAS to be a better way to control crowd flow!! The first floor we stopped on was the hip hop room/floor.  The music was fantastic! However, that was the only fantastic thing happening, because the air conditioning was either not on, or severely malfunctioning.  It was like being in a musical steam room with hundreds of people sweating. Even the bartenders were complaining and sweating.  I seriously felt like my face was melting off.  Obviously, we couldn't stay there, no matter how good the music.Next, we went up to the main area. The difference in temperature was quite noticeable as soon as we got to the stairs. It went from the equator to the Arctic- but it felt amazing! We climbed the stairs (which was scary- steep stairs + high heels + masses of drunk people= recipe for disaster), and went into the main area. I will say, the light show and effects were gorgeous, but we were crammed in like sardines. Worse than that, you could not move. We seriously had to shove to walk forward, let alone finding a spot to even stand without being pressed against hundreds of strangers.  I was about to have a panic attack.  We stayed for *maybe* 10 minutes, when we decided to just get out of there.  Leaving was a feat in and of itself too.  Between the stairs, the elevators, the poor crowd flow, the narrow walkways, and the air conditioning issues, I HIGHLY doubt that I'm going to return to Hakkasan.  This wasn't even a holiday or fight weekend- I can only imagine how bad it gets at other times.  I'm sorry, I'm going to have to party elsewhere.
4	Went to Hakkasan (formerly Studio 54) during its opening weekend last year... I must say it's probably my favorite new club to party in Las Vegas. Place is massive. 5 floors, isnt it?? You can get lost in there. In a different way than getting lost inside Marquee. The sound and the lighting in both the main room & the Ling Ling are really good... really good. I'm sure they spared no expense. To me, it has raised the bar in Vegas nightlife experience.Fortunate enough to have a friend of a friend that works there as a VIP host so he set us up with our bottle service reservation inside the Ling Ling. The Ling Ling room is downstairs and is primarily known as the hip hop room. The night we went we had DJ Krooked from Skam Artist crew spinning. We're lucky enough to have some friends that are DJs under the Skam management so they were able to tell Krooked to shout out my friend for his bachelor party. Good times. The music was good. The bottle service hosts we had were super cool, not to mention, beautiful... One nice thing they thought of at Hakkasan was that at our table in the Ling Ling, the seats had storage space under for the ladies purses.. and phone charger connections for EVERY phone imaginable. Hell yesss!! Everyone knows, by that time of the night/morning in Vegas... your phone is dying, if not, already dead. I truly believe they thought of every thing when they designed this club. We had friends that same night who had bottle reservations above the main room who had Laidback Luke performing that night. We went to go check it out and it was also amazing. The music being played, the laser/light show, the performers on stage, the performers/dancers above the stage, etc.. Everything was top notch. Im sure bottle reservations in the main room are much more than the Ling Ling and for some people it is more than worth it. I can see why.That was my first time at Hakkasan... We went again in November and once again got bottle service in the Ling Ling through our connect there. And once again our bottle hostesses were super cool and super lovely. We had a great time... If it wasnt for the homie discount, I'm not sure we would be getting bottle service every time, as I know it can get insanely pricey depending who the headliner is for the night. Tiesto, Calvin Harris & Avicii are all resident DJs there. Now I am in now way an EDM junkie but even I know those are the heavy hitters. The night we were there the Ling Ling had DJ Gusto, another Skam Artist DJ. The main room was Dada Life. Music inside the Ling Ling was really good playing that typical Vegas Top 40 hip hop & some classics mixed in. We went to check out the main room and Dada Life had the crowd going insane. Found myself on the main room dance floor and the energy was amazing. Gotta love Vegas for that.... Check Hakkasan out. My advice. Get bottle reservations. The line to get in on a busy night in which a big name DJ is performing or if it's a fight weekend will be ridiculous. I highly suggest getting a table, if not... Buy pre-paid tickets. Too much stress going on. Too hectic... You'll see. Still... Gotta love it tho. Hakkasan is great classic Vegas times... Cant wait to go back. We want DJ SKRATCHY in the Ling Ling room, please... And more of DJ VICE in the main room.
1	My friends and I went on 1/4/14 to see Tiesto spin. I'm a huge EDM fan so was super stoked. First, the positives. the sound and light show was impeccable. Tiesto never fails to disappoint  and this was the case here. Now the negatives. The place is dangerously crowded. Crowd /flow is not at all well controlled. There were so many people packed on the dance floor that dancing for the most part consisted of being jostled around by people shoving their way through the sea of people. The staff are not extremely helpful in controlling the flow. I wonder if perhaps too many people were admitted....From our arrival and throughout the nite we were treated rudely by all the staff...both outside and in. Get over the attitude, guys....so what if I am not a 20- or 30- something with a postage stamp skirt barely covering my derriere and wearing stilettos! I still deserve to party just as much as anyone else!I go to a lot of  EDM music festivals and am not typically a big clubber even through I live in a major metropolitan area. However, the chance to party with Tiesto lured me in. I found the whole vibe here to be largely one of entitlement and arrogance which was very unlike any rave scene I have ever been in. . I did converse with some very nice people but they were few and far between.The piece de resistance was when, about an hour after we got there, I was getting my groove on and minding my own business.....suddenly a young lady next to me who was obviously rolling started jumping and thrashing about. I held her at bay trying to squirm my way to a safer spot when she suddenly came down on my forefoot with the full force of her stiletto heel. The pain was excruciating. I tried to confront her and tell her what had happened but she just looked at me wild-eyed and slithered away.What followed was an escape attempt by my party and I through the throngs of people as I was barely able to stand and almost in tears. I tried to get the attention of security to please help me but was ignored. After a few minutes we made it out with me in tears and limping. Thankfully no fractures but my foot is severely swollen and bruised and it has impacted my ability to do my job and everyday activities. I am in one of those ugly post-op boots for a couple of weeks.I agree that no one could have predicted or been responsible for the behavior of this young woman. However crowding of a dance floor to this degree just invites these types of incidents. Its common knowledge that in a rave environment a lot of people are prone to be doing molly, coke or other rave drugs. Therefore, the staff should be prepared to respond to injuries when they do occur. I shudder to think what the outcome would be if there were a serious illness or injury, or other need to quickly evacuate. When I arrived home on Monday I wrote a long letter to the club management about my experience and they have not responded at all. Guess that shows how much they care.My advice: if you go, wear steel toed boots and a suit of armor. Or better yet, skip the club, save your $$ and come join me at a music festival where you will enjoy a totally different experience without the attitude. And girls....those stilettos are not only extremely bad for your feet and ankles but are dangerous weapons.
2	Too packed!! We just got out right now! So mad! If u just wanna stand up then go there.. You cant move! Never again.. Too many steps dont wear high heels! Bad experience! You wont be able to even see faces, just shoes coz u have to keep watching your steps and people stepping on your toes. The line looks like a horror maze like a rollercoaster line. Just go to surrender or marquee
5	The only club with two different sections, to separate the ratchet from the non-ratchet haha. The downstairs part of the club is where the ghetto-ish music was but the bar was pretty long and quick service. I went to the upstairs area, as we were there when Tiesto was the DJ. Upstairs is massive, and has 2 floors of its own, with a nice concert pit like area. They have a couple nice bars, and the ambiance of the concert hall is really nice. The bottle service booths were amazing, and very spacious. They came with a very attractive bartender and at times a bouncer for that bartender. They have nice comfortable couches, and the ladies bring the bottles out with nice sparklers. TLDR: Such dancing, amaze music, much wows.
3	I love my promoter with all the hook-ups and arranging everything for me but I am not sure if I would like to come back. Maybe if one of my favorite DJ's here. Like many other Yelpers, bouncers and staff weren't the friendliest. I like to start conversation by asking them how their night is going. And if this is considered a busy night for them. My friend and I went on a pretty dead weekend, where even some of my promoter friends went on vacation (PLUS it was a Thursday!). I mean i sympathize with them that they have deal with drunk princesses or folks out of town that are too rowdy, however it is Vegas. This is when being rowdy is obligatory. The DJ that night was playing a mixture of hip-hop and EDM. Don't get me wrong I love both, but transitions were awful. One moment you a nodding to Two-Chains and next moment you are slow dancing to deep trance. I am sure I went on an off night, and there are other nights, other DJs are much better. I was just expecting a little too much of my first time at Hakkasan. Please correct me if I a wrong. The reason why they don't offer tap water at Hakkasan is because the water system in Nevada in general sucks butt. I am spoiled by Bay Area water so free tap water seems to be natural. I felt like the club was a little smaller than expected. Nevertheless, let's give this another go during the busiest time of the season. EDC Weekend.
3	I heard this was one of the best nightclubs in town.  Ehhh....We did the bottle service and since the 4 of us only wanted one bottle, we had no choice but to be sat in the Hip-Hop room, which is the smaller club downstairs.  Of course with all night clubs in Vegas - the bottle service is freaking expensive however if you plan on drinking at least five $19 dollar drinks, you might as well split a bottle and get a place to sit.  The couches were kind of ghetto in my opinion as they are loosely upholstered in a shinny, thick vinyl that looks just cheap.  I am sure they use it because it is easy to clean up puke and women's stiletto heels don't poke through.The best part of this club was our table serviceman - Allen.  He was on top of it all, quick, polite, fun and made everything very precise. I just hope he get a good chunk of the tip.Oh, BTW, you can smoke cigarettes nonstop and bother the feck out of everyone but if you light up a cigar, you will be surrounded by security people instantly.I still think XS is the nicest club in Vegas.
4	What better way to celebrate my 29th birthday than to try to live it up like I was turning 21? There are many reasons why I don't frequent these "ultra high-end" nightclubs anymore, but I guess it was my lucky day. This was the first time I was on a guestlist with comp tickets and actually got in for free. No cover for a guy in Vegas? Unheard of. There was also no wait in the guestlist line. Dada Life was the headliner. Pros: Aesthetics-wise, this nightclub is just as nice as any other. There's a nice lounge with benches for sitting without having to get bottle service. There's three different levels and plenty of space, except the main stage. Cons: Stairs - apparently these are death for the ladies. There's no outdoor patio/pool area so it can get stuffy, but there's cool jets that blast the crowd every once in a while. Confetti is dropped every now and then, but the pieces stain your skin, especially the blue ones! The cost of a drink is ridiculous - a Red Bull/vodka was $25. So much cigarette and cigar smoke in an indoor setting.Mark Eteson was the opener for Dada Life and was the only person I saw since apparently I'm old now and I can't make it to 2 am anymore. Still, I can say I had fun on my birthday at a Vegas club!
1	I got drugged within 30 min if being in this club. I was so excited to see Calvin Harris spin but had to be carried out almost instantly. Terrible place and people. WATCH YOUR DRINKS!!!!!!
3	Nothing too special about the club. I don't like clubs where they make you keep walking because there are stairways or incredible small walkways.The music was just ok. I did go during Thursday of CES so it was pretty packed. Didn't have to pay cover and got in pretty quickly so that was nice. Would I come back? Probably not. Nothing too special and the drinks were pretty pricey.Not sure if a club in the MGM will do justice since MGM is pretty beat up. Also hearing stories about cell phones being stolen makes this club sound ghetto.
2	My girlfriends and I just turned 21 over the past few weeks and decided to come to Hakkasan for Calvin Harris. We were all stoked because we thought it was super cool that there was an area for EDM and hip hop.All in all we had a fantastic night celebrating and dancing on the 'ratchet floor' but once we went to the main area (EDM stage), things went down hill extremely quickly..1) The EDM area was EXTREMELY crowded. We were all packed in there.2) My girlfriends got their phones stolen and all my cash was gone within 30 min being in that area. It makes me sad because from what I am reading here, it's not an uncommon event at Hakkasan. It makes me more sad that I'm sure they read these reviews and have not upped the security in there. I hope they try to work this situation out with security management because I really do want to come back here because I thought the light work and sound was amazing in this club.But until then, I will be exploring other options:
3	Went here with a group of friends in November. One of the friends got some hookup so we didn't pay to get in and VIP line pass. So couldn't complain about paying a cover charge or waiting forever in a line. The club itself is pretty huge. We surveyed about 3 floors. The look was pretty cool throughout. The house DJ list is impressive too. Tiesto, Calvin Harris, Steve Aoki & Deadmau5. Each floor having its own decor, theme & DJs. Two serious downsides were that it was packed like a sardine can in there. Also the stairs are KILLER. There's only a few elevators so the main route of travel inside the club is taking flights of stairs. I can imagine it's even more a nightmare when one is drunk & wearing high heels. Frankly I'm shocked no ones gotten seriously hurt and/or sued Hakkasan for dangerous conditions.One person is our group did lose her purse. When she called the next day, fortunately they had it at the club intact. Apparently she had left it at one of the bars after ordering some drinks & the bartender saw it and turned it in.Like all clubs on the strip. It's no fun if you're not on the list and pay full price after waiting in a line for hours. Always a good idea to get some type of hookup or deal thru a club host or casino or such.
1	It's just. so. crowded. main dance floor was just a sardine can. People weren't even dancing. $9 for a miniature bottle of water.Had a hookup so I didn't have to pay $100 to get in to the claustrophobia focus group but DAMN...I felt sorry for all the dudes that did. It's centered around making money, not creating an enjoyable experience. The vegas motto lives on.
1	Definitely NOT my favorite. If I could avoid this club and never come back, I totally would but they have a bunch of great resident DJ's, that it's so hard not to. Venue: three floors: main floor is the main stage where all the resident DJ's play and a small dancefloor and two bars to buy drinks, the floor above that is ALL TABLES, the floor below the main floor is the hip-hop room with more tables and a small dance floor and one bar. Oh yah, and you have to use the stairs to go between all these floors because you can't use the elevators (girls, you've been warned)Drinks: expensive, of course. I mean it's Vegas, no surprise here. Why I don't like Hakkasan: - NO DANCE ROOM. The dance floor is TINY! The first time I was there, (and keep in mind I was sober) I almost fainted! It was so hot and crowded and stuffy that I became light headed. Eventually I had to leave the club to get some air, but oh yah, NO IN AND OUT'S. - SUPER CROWDED: I mean yah, all clubs are gonna be crowded in vegas. But like I said above, THERE'S NO DANCE ROOM BECAUSE THE DANCEFLOOR IS SO SMALL!!! Seriously. Aren't you supposed to dance at a club?? HOW ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO DO THAT WHEN THE DANCE FLOOR IS SO SMALL???- SERVICE: people here are just not nice. Bouncers are unreasonble and mean. Honestly, my review is not biased whatsoever. I've given this club a second chance and a third chance. But my opinion still stands, and not only mine. Almost everyone I've talked to doesn't like Hakkasan. Definitely my least favorite club on the strip.
2	This place is so unbelievably overrated.  Promoters asking ladies to send their photos?  Bizarre dungeonesque stone walls everywhere that make you feel like you're a competitor on Legends of the Hidden Temple but in 5-inch stilettos?  Never mind the fact that it was clearly designed by an architect who was obviously going through a very serious infatuation with stairs.  Even after taking the elevators, there are just stairs everywhere!  How is this not a liability?  Isn't this exactly what people were complaining about with Marquee?  Terrible ventilation to boot and no outdoor area to compensate for it.No thanks.  I'll stick to XS or Light.
1	Worst Las Vegas club. EVER. I went with a group of girlfriends to see Calvin Harris a couple weekends ago. We got there at 10:30pm as we were told to by the club promoter, and got right in, no problem. It was SO crowded inside at 10:30. The floors are very slick, so if you're wearing high heels or/and if the floor has alcohol on it, you're going to slip. The club is very confusing and it's very easy to get separated from people as there are a million people, several bars and many different floors. The main club level is smaller than some other Vegas clubs and there are far too many people squeezed in. You seriously can't even walk to the bar. We left early because we were so miserable. The drinks are expensive and not worth it, or strong enough. I also had a drink get stolen from me because of how crowded it is. My friend got her wallet stolen off of her, and was told it happens a lot at this club because of how many people are crammed in such a small place. I'm convinced they have paid these great DJ's a ton of money to have residencies there, because there is no way anyone would ever go to this awful club without the big names. I've been to so many Las Vegas clubs and this one is BY FAR THE WORST. GO SOMEWHERE ELSE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD NIGHT!
3	Drinks are EXTREMELY expensive. The place is beautiful, beautifully lit and very high end. I love the decor but the hip hop room was too small. I'm pretty sure numerous people groped my butt, and I two stepped the entire night. Wish there was room for us to sit.
5	BOOTH-GALORE!This place has got to have the most booths I have seen at one place. It's cray.This place is literally covered in booths. Capitalizing!We had a booth on the right side of the stage. Sunday is Hip-Hop, fyi.Rev Run made an appearance towards the end of the night.The main dance floor is crowded as hell but we braved it because I needed a change of scene from our booth.Then one of the security guards asked us if we wanted to dance upstairs. So we said 'yes,' I shouldn't have been surprised that it was a booth upstairs with guys that wanted girls in their booth. Had a great view of the stage. This club used to be Studio 54 back like 3 years ago... full of douche bags. They've been constructing every time we've visited. This is the first time it's been open since I've been there.What other Yelpers said about all the stairs is true. All the little levels you have to go up is pretty cray when you think about all the drunk people trying to get around the club. Just sayin'
3	I hate it when venues way overbook their guestlists. I was in Vegas over a slow weekend and signed up for the Saturday guestlist, fully expecting to get in for free. When I got to the area near the entrance at 10:30 PM, my jaw dropped. The guestlist line was so long it extended to outside of the hotel and started wrapping around. If I lined up normally for guestlist, there was no way I could make it in before the "free" cut-off, if I was to make it in at all.  Being a lone rager (hah), I shamelessly talked my way into a group of very nice people near the middle of the guestlist line. Made it in before the cut-off and raged to some Tiesto FOR FREE. So good.Wait, no. A makers on the rocks set me back $22 -.- seriously? All you did was scooping up some ice and pouring (no mixing involved) some mediocre bourbon into a cup.Way too many stairs for drunk people, who don't always remember to take the elevators.
4	Had a great time! Unfortunetly they were out of bottle service when we arrived and we had had to get in line. We got in after a short wait no problem though. Alot of stairs to go up but the drunkness didnt let me remember much of it. It was pretty packed but all vegas clubs are. Not as big as some of the other clubs. Cant really remember much of the drink prices because i inly bought one since i showed up already faded. Love the music,only down side i would say not much wiggle room but cant expect much out of a packed night when theres a dj that everybody wants to see. Not my favorite vegas club but wouldnt mind going, bottle service in advanced for sure next time! They have good djs headlining there all the time, the night we went datsik was playing and they tore it up!
2	Went there for Calvin Harris Jan 27th (or that weekend).  The caveat is that I went in with very very high expectations.  After hearing the rumors about the place,  I didnt really know what to expect outside if the time of my life with nothing but gorgeous women dancing to the best music on the best sound system.None of that was delivered.  I won't go much into the crowd there,  bit I'll add that perhaps im too used to the homogeneity or the DC crowd.  The club was, as expected insanely crowded with not much room to enjoy yourself until much later in the night.That being said,  the sound system on the first floor was not only insufficient,  but downright unpleasant.  Maybe that was just Calvin Harris and his lack of attention to detail.The worst part is that it was in the MGM grand which now feels like a run down place in so many ways.
3	My fascination with this club started waaaay before it even opened. My husband did the demolition of Studio 54 and some of the construction for Hakkasan, so I was intrigued to see what the final product was all about. As I've mentioned in other of my reviews, my "weekend" consists of Wednesdays and Thursdays, so since Hakkasan is closed on Wednesday, I assume it was not as crowded on a Thursday as it is on Saturdays. The nights that I have gone, locals are free, not sure what they charge typically, but free is GREAT! Their resident DJ's are great! I've seen Calvin Harris, Dada Life, Tommy Trash, Nervo, R3hab, Above and Beyond, and Fergie DJ, always a good time! As for the negatives. The layout is interesting, like many have said, TONS of stairs. But they DO have elevators, which I've been taking advantage of more often now! As for the main EDM room, it's always packed, either they let in too many people in or they come in from different rooms all at the same time. There are times when the club is so overcrowded and hot that it seems like you can barely breathe! Talk about a fire hazard! Expect typical Vegas prices for drinks; a Grey Goose and Redbull for 28.00 and water for 9.00 is what I've come across =/
3	Not really my favorite club out of the bunch in Vegas, but it's not bad.  The place is small and there's a lot of stairs. Not as much as Marquee but still a lot for a girl in 5 inch heels to be walking around.  The dance floor gets packed quick unless you're there early.  You pretty much won't be able to see the DJ very easily unless you're either at bottle service or by the walkways. I saw Tiesto and it was pretty cool how they gave out glow bracelets that lit up different colors to the beat of music.  It was all synchronized too!  When he played Red Lights, all of our bracelets glowed a red hue!  Haha, I was pretty entertained.  Aside from having big name DJs, I probably wouldn't prefer to come back since it's so small and I dislike that there's no outdoor area for me to cool down or take a breather at.
2	Don't get me wrong, I love a crowded club but this has to be one of the worst designed places I've ever been to. They oversell the shows so there is literally no room to walk around, let alone dance. Getting to the dance floor is a nightmare to say the least - and getting off (if they even let you) is even worse.Sure, you can always ball out and get a table - and by all means go for it, just good luck getting to it. Stairs everywhere and just no where to stand and enjoy yourself.Two stars for the talent they bring in and the production value but XS wins out for best LV club, hands down.
4	Hakkasan is one of the hottest clubs in Vegas with Calvin Harris as the resident DJ. Calvin was AAAmmmazing. We had a table near the DJ booth which I would recommend spending the money and getting a table because it gets silly packed in there. I danced my butt off all night and had a great time. Fog guns, confetti falling down, laser lights. Great Vegas experience!
2	Meh. This place was sooooo crowded on a Sunday. I think they must have had the other 3 floors closed off??  Anyway it was just the typical lameness I think of when I think of the kind of Vegas clubs that suck. It was too crowded to dance, outrageously priced, design wasn't exciting, and the staff was rude. We weren't even allowed to lean against or sit on anything- even if it's not a bottle service table. Couldn't get comfortable.  I know their bottle prices are a bit more than other places too. DJ was the only solid thing here. There are plenty of other places like Tryst or XS I would rather blow my money on.  That's all I can say.
1	I came here on a Friday night with a couple of my girls. This place was already getting packed at 9:30p! There was no where to sit or lean and the music on the main floor was pretty lame (hardcore EDM stuff) so we moved up to the hip hop room which was just as crowded. I would recommend this place to guys trying to get some, cause there were sooooooo many girls.  Overall this place lost me with the long line, the alright-for-Vegas drinks, and the guys my dad's age. I am glad we got in for free because I would not pay for that kind of treatment.
4	where to start with "hakkastairs" I mean Hakkasan, honestly the worst thing about it is the stairs you have to walk up and down to get to different levels of the club.This club is mostly meant for bottle service. Dance floor is very small and unless your an all girl group I suggest buying tickets a couple weekends in advance. EARLY ARRIVAL is strongly recommended!!!Now for the positives they easily have the best DJ lineup in vegas if your into EDM.From Calvin Harris,Tiesto, Hardwell, and newly added young Dj's Martin Garrix and W&W they clearly have the edge in that category. A lot of people call it a 5 story club but the main room is actually only 2 levels. Plenty of bars to purchase drinks and also a hip hop room for those of you that actually came to dance at the nightclub. Hakkasan is really all about quality girls which is why I strongly recommend this club for the guys, and Ladies are often brought up to VIP tables to share drinks with big spenders. So your definitely guaranteed a long night at this venue.From the beautiful staff, big name Dj's, & exclusive VIP bottle service they offer...I truly believe Hakkasan lived up to the hype. The scary thing is they just opened. usually it takes a nightclub about a full year to really work out all the kinks with guest list line, bottle presentations, tick sales etc. so if you had a bad experience I do recommend going back for another go at it.
5	Went on Thursday night on a total whim.  I was in town for work all week and this was the last night.  We had been other places and @1 am decided to head to Hakkasan.  Most of the group bailed so we just paid for general admission (no line) it was mixed guys and girls, so I don't know if we paid the same or not (just gave a total and we threw in the money).  I had to pay $5 to check my "jacket" it def went with my outfit and they said blazers and sweaters could stay on, but honesty it was so hot on the dance floor I am glad I didn't have it.   The place was packed and crazy party atmosphere.  Nervo was the DJs that night and they were awesome.  I had no problem getting and staying at the front, even after leaving to get a drink, but the dance floor was packed and everyone was having a blast! They were on until 3 am and we danced the entire time. I found out later a work group did get a VIP room and they said it was epic lol :) Next time my group will get a VIP table and go earlier, but for a complete whim, it was perfect night dancing.
4	[Note: This review is for DJ Moby on Sat., Feb. 8th.]Coming into Hakkasan is an interesting experience.  On the one hand, it's a club that has a lot going on but the attitudes/tight space may turn you off.  That isn't to say that everyone was outright mean.  The staff was super friendly (at least in the beginning of the night) and helpful and people off the dance floor were not bad for the most part and getting in wasn't too much of a pain (with a pre-paid ticket - $30 for guys).  My complaints on people come into some of the really pushy guys and girls along with just some mean-spirited acts.  For instance, guys, come on - I saw someone in front of me do the 'dropped pencil' routine to try to fondle a girl from behind.  Not classy and not cool - giving a bad rep to all the guys out there.  The volume of the music by the way can get pretty loud too so be aware if you have sensitive ears.  Additionally, drink costs of course are high as always - note too that they don't serve tap water here - you have to buy a bottle for $9. [thumbs down]  One other note - the dance floor is really tight.  Expect to be squished in and get your feet stepped upon no matter how careful you are.  Also take care of your belongings in these cases.  So with all these cons, what's left?  I think where it counts, Hakkasan is pretty amazing.  Big kudos to DJ Moby - he has so much energy where he gets on top of the DJ booth to get people hyped and his sounds are in your face and bold.  Bigger props to Mark Etson, the DJ before Moby that really held the fort down.  I've been to so many clubs where the first DJ has trouble establishing much of a groove and excitement but Mark handled his time like the main act.  Even though I was exhausted by the end of the night, the experience on the dance floor is worth it.  This is probably also helped by the smart lighting of the 'living ceiling' in which it seems like lights protrude out of the ceiling like blood vessels (couldn't think of a better analogy).  There's also a few other floors supposedly - on this night, only the Ling Ling Room with the hip hop was there.  Smaller dance floor and the atmosphere is very very different but it was cool to see the contrast and gives you options versus some other clubs.  I did think Hakkasan was a little pretentious to begin with and the space area/stairs/elevators reminded me of Marquee in that the dance floor is squished and the people around you aren't exactly the friendliest bunch.  However, the music and atmosphere/aesthetics really made up for it where it counted.
3	Bought presale tix online for under $20, but we still had to wait in line.  Granted, the line might have been shorter.  Waited about 20 minutes on a Sat night, past 11 p.m.  The place was packed, but surprisingly I never had to wait to use the restroom -amazing!  There was also more room on the highest level, which looked down on the main dancefloor, since it's mainly a bar and tables.  If you want to get a drink at the bar, go to the bar there bc you won't have to wait too long.  Tommy Trash was spinning, and you could hardly get through the dancefloor.  We walked through it once and chose not to again.  We didn't go in the hip hop room, though it was a little less crowded.  I'm not a fan of the layout or of all the stairs, but if you want to go to a large club with lots of people, this might be the place.  If you want good looking, go elsewhere.  There is also no outdoor area.
2	I'm more like 1 1/2 stars but i'm being generous. As far as Vegas clubs go, it was okay (because most Vegas clubs are lame). The bathroom attendants wore suits which i thought was a nice touch, it made it seem a little more up market. It was 'Very Vegas' in terms of the lay out. They had part of the dance floor as a walk way around reserved tables, similar to a strip club. So women would dance up high and guys sitting at reserved tables could watch. That doesn't exactly scream classy like the bathroom attendants would imply. The main problem? The bar tenders. There was only like two at each bar. There wash't a line to get a drink, but it took forever to get served. Okay Hakkasan, not many people are going to spend $18 on a drink (so i understand the understaffed bar) but for those who are, SERVE THEM QUICKER! Bottom line: It's not a great club if the most impressive part is the bathroom attendants attire.
2	I will preface this review with the fact that I am not a member of the club scene.That said, unless someone you love is playing here, stay away.1) Getting in. What a pain! They require you to check your coat and charge $5 per coat/item. I'm not a cheapskate but this feels like a total scam. Then, even if you are on a list they may not be able to find you because they have about 4 lists with different security guards that don't match and if they don't see you on the list they are rude. I think I would have bailed at that point if I had to pay a cover and even the cover line was backing up a lot.2) Drinks. Why on earth are they charging $16 for a GIN & TONIC??? Or even a RUM & COKE??? I don't even want to know what they were charging for specialty drinks.3) Music, eh. I only recognized 1 song the whole time but again take that with a grain of salt, I'm not a big clubber and well, dubstep... it's hard to tell when 1 song ends and a new one begins.4) Atmosphere. Absolutely gorgeous! The architecture is beautiful, very open with an Asian Fusion feel. 5) Extras, they seemed to have some interesting extras including a giant sparkler at the VIP booths, but really, unless you hit the jackpot, it seemed a bit over the top.It was nice to go once to see what the fuss was about but I think I'll be looking for something different on my next Vegas adventure.
3	If you're planning on going here, buy your tickets in advance because you'll pay more at the door. It isn't worth it if you don't have a table and you came to see the DJ, in my opinion. Music is great, great vibe, great atmosphere. Drinks are overpriced but that's expected in a Vegas nightclub. Barely any space to move on the dancefloor in front of the DJ if you don't have a table. Not worth the money paid for cover. I've seen Calvin Harris perform better sets at Miami nightclubs.
3	Ive been wanting to come here for awhile. It was okay.I came Sat Feb 15 with my guy. I don't like waiting in lines so we bought tickets ahead of time (guys you are expensive! I feel bad for you dudes). Best decision though cause the line to get in was huge.Gentlemen, unless you got a hook-up or don't mind dishing out $80-$100 to get in, find another club.The club has a nice layout. The stairs though, ladies be warned. Thankfully there were elevators, and friendly bouncers. I've heard they can be mean.Main floor was like a sardine can. A fight broke out. it was funny. I was grumpy cause Calvin Harris didn't come on till 2am. I actually liked the 2nd floor better. I think it was the hip hop club. Calvin Harris made the night though. Still had a good time. If you haven't experienced it I'd recommend to try it out. Everyone has different likes!That being said, I do prefer XS & Marquee. At least there you can go outside for fresh air.
3	Hakkasan's first nightclub debuted just 7 months ago back in April "13. The team behind Hakkasan spared no expense in designing their colossal nightclub & restaurant. This megacomplex clocks in at over 80,000 square feet, giving it top honors as one of the nation's largest nightclubs. The highly sought-after DJ's can earn upwards of $200,000 per night. The lighting and the sound system are first-rate with concert-rated acoustics. There are 5 levels of club space with a variety of experiences on offer. The main level dance floor was outrageously packed. If you like being jostled around, elbowed and shoved, then you will definitely feel at home here.  If you even idled for even a second in a walkway, a bouncer would rudely yell at you to move --we were just trying to make our way to the front of the bar. The music wasn't my preferred-style of dance music--it was house music all night. The music selection wasn't the problem though, it was all the rudeness and shoving going on everywhere. The $18 rum 'n cokes and $10 beers definitely did not excite either (I know it's Vegas but my concert drinks at MGM Garden were $18 for a double). Despite the crowded dance floor, high-priced drinks and music, my girlfriends and I decided to make the most of the night and embrace the music and our Hakkasan experience. We danced and enjoyed the confetti drop and looking at some well-dressed fellas. We enjoyed rounding out our nightclub experience with the addition of Hakkasan. I've heard the restaurant has some creative and delectable dishes...maybe next visit I can get back over there to try out the dining experience.
5	Hakkasan is pretty much my favorite club in vegas. As a local, I've been to if not all but most of the clubs in las vegas. This is so far the best! The line up of DJ's are pretty awesome too!!  I've seen , Steve Aoki, Tiesto, Hardwell, Dada Life, Nervo, Quintino, Martin Garrix, Calvin Harris and Etc ... :) It may be a little pricey but hey, if you're in vegas might as well spend some cash.
4	I really enjoy the food! I had short ribs and calamari for apps and spicy noodles and Seabass.... Ambiance is fantastic!!!! Good cocktail menu as well
1	If I could give a zero star I would.I have NEVER been so discriminated in my life at any business until I went here. I went with a group of friends to check out their nightclub and upon entrance the bouncer pulled me aside asked me my name where I lived then ACCUSED me of being on drugs cause my eyes were big. I have natural big eyes. Next he ACCUSED me of being too fucked up and I can never enter the club again. I was sober and told him to breathalyze me or do a drug test and I'll test negative. He refused and just kicked me out. He said I was walking weird, I'm pidgeon toed! He was then mocking me with my big eyes by opening his eyes wide and talking really slowly like as if I'm stupid. I have never ever felt so discriminated. Hakkasan ruined my experience and I am NEVER coming back here. If you're in vegas looking for a club to enter please go to Marquee or XS. This club needs to enforce better bouncers.
1	Oh how I wish I'd have read these reviews before going to this club. Pretty spot on. Shame on me. Free entry for me and 3 girlfriends through a promoter. Promoter asked us to be there at 9:30. Only after entering, we learned Calvin Harris wouldn't be on until 1:30am. Inside was nice, but definitely not designed to accommodate the crazy number of people let in. We sat in the lounge area until about 11, when we attempted to hit the dance floor. It was like a mosh pit in both floors. If you can push your way into the dance floor area, you can't even move. We had drinks spilled on us, took elbows to the head, had our feet stomped on. I don't doubt these yelpers stories of getting their phones and wallets stolen, how easy for the scumbags. Also, if you're with a group of girls, you have to battle the creeps (the creeps who pay $80-$120 cover just to get in) rubbing right against you and you have absolutely nowhere to go. $20 watered down drinks. My jager bomb was tiny and AMF just tasted like triple sec. As another yelper mentioned, 18% "tax" on drinks. Is this legal? It is very clear it's all about the money for this establishment, they completely rob you. We left at 1, before Calvin Harris even went on, and they were Still letting people in. What a disappointment.
3	I am not a nightclub kind of a girl.Admittedly, I am not one of "the beautiful people" who feels comfortable sporting a dress with my back end practically exposed...I AM a dancer, but I really don't know how to "club" dance.  The last time I went to a club, was about six years ago, and I hated it.This Friday night, a friend of mine invited me out with a big group to Hakkasan, saying that they could get me in for free.  I decided to give it a go, and not be a party pooper...just because I didn't like it 6 years ago, doesn't mean I won't like it now.We arrived, and there was a SWARM of people waiting to get in.The friend who had the "hookup" went and talked to security, and apparently it wasn't completely free..to get 4 people in, it ended up costing $160.  The friend took care of it, and told us not to worry about paying her back, which...to be honest...I wouldn't have gone in had I known that she had covered THAT much money for us.  I'm sorry, but I'm not used to having to pay a cover when I want to go and dance, let alone pay $40 a person.  So...strike one, too expensive to get in.The place itself is beautiful.  They have candles and incense lining the halls.  Its two stories, so if you don't want to get caught up in the madness that is the dance floor downstairs, you can go upstairs, where its not quite AS busy.The music was great.  Above and Beyond was playing that night...we actually didn't stay for them, but whoever the DJ was before them, was excellent.  I enjoy EDM and Electronica, even though I'm not super skilled at dancing to that kind of music.The dancefloor was jam packed.  Uncomfortably so for me.  I have a tendency to be a bit introverted, and claustrophobic at times...so next time, I'll either bring money to drink so I don't care, or I'll stay upstairs and dance there.  It was a great experience, but let me tell you, don't go to this place without PLENTY of money for alcohol if you're going to drink.  We got a vodka cranberry for $16.  That's a bit extreme, even for being downtown...I liked it.  I'd like to go back, but only for musicians that I really know and like...if Krewella plays there I'll be back for sure....in the meantime, I'm going to put some money aside for drinks for when I do go.  ;)
3	I came for the Calvin Harris show on Sat Feb 15.. Fergie (dj) opened up for him.. as other reviews say.. lots of stairs haha.. had lots of fun!! Calvin didn't come on til 1:30 am I think.. was a really late night for me but awesome overall.A couple of negatives : Overpriced drinks... I overheard these girls in front ordering 2 drinks and I think they said it was $35. I drank beer and I think it was like $10 each maybe. Also, It's pretty sexist that the Calvin tickets were more than double the cost for the guys than the girls!Even with the couple of negatives, I still had an amazing time and I would recommend to anyone,,, but you'll have to splurge a bit!
2	Good sound system and lighting, but the design is kind of weird. there are stairs everywhere and I saw drunk people falling on them all night. Also they let way too many people in and its packed to the point where you can't move at all. Not worth it unless you have a table/bottle service
3	What a trippy night this was....The club in itself I didn't find to be "the nicest/best" club in the country as I had heard.... It is supposedly the largest club though. Getting there, my 2 guy friends and I were on a guest list.... We showed up at 2:30, and apparently the list closed at 1. Casey, the guy/manager at the door, I'm not sure if he found out that we had been on some list, or he just wanted to be sweet and let us in. Either way, he was very cool, didn't give us a hard time at all, and let us in. And I would say normally it's probably "difficult" to get 1 girl and 2 guys in. (So thank you Casey... ment a lot to me)The place was pretty packed. It was Sunday, and Steve Iokai(sp?) was playing. I had an amazing night for the last 1.5 hrs, But only really because it was a trippppy night lol if ya know what I mean. I wouldn't jump to the idea of going back to Hakkasan. But I had an awesome time while I was there.
2	Came here last night for a friends bachelor party.  I wasn't that impressed with the club in comparison to XS.  Basically, one level is all booths and the next level is the dance floor (but was kind of like a maze trying to get around the joint).   They had a local dj playing, so nothing great, they might have gotten an extra star if they had a better dj playing.  I just think the overall design blew, plus the drinks were crazy expensive, but that's expected at any club in Vegas.  Would I go here again?  Hell no!!  XS or Marquee is the only way to go in Vegas, just my 2 cents!
1	This club is so fowl, shame on the kardashians or the MGM for ever being affiliated. My friends and I come I Vegas all the time and we are pretty decent looking 24 year olds at worst. We don't pay to get into clubs and always have a great time in Vegas as most girls do. Our 1st experience w Hak we waited in line for over an hour after all of these stories and excuses... Finally made it to the front and they told us it was 30 each haha funny. Other girls we know had dealt with the same thing. This weekend we decides to give it another try. Got in from some random guy as the promoters list we were on ironically was not working that night ... Surprisingly had a  good time and got a girls table with free booze then after being there for literally 4 hours one of he bouncers tells me I have to stay on the girls table side I'm like okay but all my friends are here ( 2 feet away) and he forces me to go by myself to the other side or he will kick me out. If I was hammered and being obnoxious I would understand 100 percent but that's not the case. I'll stop there as this club is a joke. Boycott.
3	This place was pretty standard for a night club, I thought. There were some impressive pros and some major NOs. First $110 for male entry - wtf? Who would pay that? Thank god we were on the list because there's no way I would ever dish up that kinda cash. We went into the lounge part of the club, which was nice and not overly loud. We could hear our group talking and we had a nice time. The bartenders (at the bar) in this  section were SUPER professional. He realized that we were a large group and introduced himself by name. Unlike other Vegas nightclub bartenders, he actually seemed to care that we were there spending $20/drink. Nice touch. My friend and I took a tour of the rest of the  club and it was impressive in a lose-yourself-in-a-sea-of-flesh/noise/smoke sorta way. Each level had a different feel and vibe... Pretty cool.
3	We met one of the promoters on the strip. He said he used to work for surrender and he didn't like it because they don't keep their promises. When you hear someone talking sh*t about the previous company he worked with, you know he's not that trustworthy.. We were originally gonna go to surrender but after his flattering speech, we decided to go check out hakkasan. And guess what we waited outside for 20 minutes and waited inline for another 45 minutes even tho we were on his guest list. His tickets did nothing for us either.We thought that this is a pretty giant venue according to the promotor, but it was not that big at all. The top floor was the most crowed. People were pretty happy their but it was way too crowed for us to dance. Too many people. So we moved down one floor where theres a lounge ish with dance floor place with Chinese lanterns. The music was very very weird there... Then we decided to leave.
3	My girls and I came here on a friday night. A friend that lives in town hooked us up with a great connection. We got in within seconds. The music and vibe of the club was amazing. So here is why I gave it three stars. I had my iphone5s and cash stolen from a purse. I had my purse on me the whole time but we were in the dance floor which was elbow to elbow before I knew it someone unzipped my purse and took my items. I then informed a guard who then called the lead guard of the place. He asked me who I thought it was but I wasn't too sure because there was a lot of different people around us. He then informed me that without me being sure he couldn't search anyone because it would bring a possible lawsuit to them. I was very upset and shocked that someone stole my iphone mostly cash can be replace but my phone had a lot of information. So basically my advice to others is to be careful and cautious when attending this club. One good thing about this place is that when we arrived we received a extra stamp to come back in again later. The guard was helpful but I know they have the best cameras that he could've looked into. Oh and drinks are about $20 bucks each. Last thing they do have an elevator so you don't have to take those long long stairs.
3	Went back to Vegas this past weekend and decided to give this place another try, especially since Danny Avila was there.My experience was remarkably different and I attribute it to the fact that its not pool season quite yet and club crowds in Vegas are manageable. We got in with no fuss, no muss, stood in a single line compared to the 5 I was shuffled into before only to be rejected because of their own error. Once finally in the club there were a lot of stairs but if you cant handle them in heels than you probably cant handle dancing too long in them either so not a biggie.Overall I have to admit I had a good time from what I remember, it was crowded but not obnoxiously so. I can't imagine coming here in the pool season and not having a table because you would be miserable. Definitely a VIP focused club. If I want someplace to get a table or come back in the off season I will definitely be back to Hakkasan. Otherwise I will stick with more open area clubs.
4	Loved it! The nightclub is beautiful and most importantly, it was spacious!!! The bouncers were very efficient and not a$$holes like the bouncers at other places. We saw Danny Avila and he put on a GREAT show. There was plenty of places to wander around and stand to enjoy the music. I was able to slip into the front row pretty easily. I definitely prefer this place over the other hot clubs in Vegas right now. My promoter was great. Private message me if you want the hook up and to be put on the guest list!!
3	Date & Time:  Friday January 29, 2014 @ MidnightLocation:  MGM GrandCompanions:  Michael's Gorgeous Cousin & HusbandScene:  Wall to Wall Guys in Open-Collar Shirts  & Girls in Sky-High Louboutins & Herve Leger Bandage MinisDecor:  4 Levels:  Ling Ling Lounge @ The Bottom Floor, Hip Hop @ 3rd Floor & Star DJ's Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Steve Aioki on 4th Floor, 5th Floor Overlooks 4th FloorService:  Love The Girls Parading Around w/ Signs for Round 1,2,3...for LibationsImbibe:  $18 Shots & $25 DrinksTotal:  $300
1	Absolutely hate this club! I've been to Hakkasan twice and it was not a pleasurable experience either time. We waited an hour + in the guestlist line that extended to the outside of the hotel and damn near wrapped around the block. It was seriously like waiting in line at Disneyland. To top it off, people were rude and tried to take cuts. Then once you get inside, it is overcrowded with no breathing room whatsoever. You can barely walk or dance without people bumping into you. There should definitely be a maximum capacity.  They are also really strict.  While in VIP, security kept stopping a girl from dancing on my guy friend. They told me I couldn't smoke my e-cig and that only real cigarettes were allowed.
5	Hakkasan is better than XS. That's what it comes down to when you're talking Las Vegas bottle service and the industry's best Electronica/Dance DJs.MGM did a great job contracting the world's best DJ's like Tiesto, Deadmau5, Calvin Harris etc. They bring the music to a whole new type of space- a multi deck arena!We had a table in the Ling-Ling room, forked out $2k for multiple bottles, but price is relevant to the artist and demand. I was disappointed about the music in Ling-Ling as it was not the main stage artist playing. But it all worked out because we could mix up our night by exploring the different rooms.  We were able to mix drinks, wonder down to the arena, and back to Ling-Ling. I would think twice about going without bottle service, it is just the way to do this!Keep it classy, Hakkasan! See you next time!
1	The constant electronic/techno music made me want to shoot myself. There was absolutely no R&B or hip-hop played. The music didn't change all night!
3	We went Valentines weekend.  I liked the club.  It was nice.  But the night we went they closed the other room that played hip hop.  That meant I had to spend four hours listening to essentially the same song.  EDM makes me feel like a crotchety old person.  It's repetitive, formulaic, not interesting.  I think EDM is a major force in driving the drug trade because I'm convinced you literally have to be on something to enjoy that crap.  And to all the people that dance slow and make heart symbols with their hands right before the climax in EVERY song (because they're all same) I know what's up.  And that ain't no one a day vitamins.  At least not the legit kind.  I'm also inclined to complain about the fact that you can be parched, drunk and dying for ice water but they make you buy bottled water.  But its Vegas. Expect the ridiculousness of that.  Also the stairs are a death trap. A friend of ours missed a step and flew super woman style down a flight of stairs only to be stopped cold by a concrete wall (maybe granite,  it was dark).  After a few drinks I usually point and laugh at stuff like that like a 10 year old.   But witnessing that made me grimace and grateful that wasn't my ass.I'll be back but only if the other room is open so I can actually listen to something that makes me wanna shake my booty rather than sigh and lament the music of today.
3	Why are there so many stairs?Other than that, this place is chill.  If you roll with a bunch of girls, they usually comp you a table but only after you send them individual pictures of each girl.   My friends and I came a couple weeks ago and got a table behind the dj and a couple free bottles.  We had a pretty good time but geez those stairs will kill you.
1	Stop and Read This if you are going and aren't getting a table - This place is overrated, overpriced with extremely rude staffers.Let me start chronologically...We were going for my best friends bachelor party - 2 girls and 6 guys. 1 of the girls was given a hook up since she worked at MGM and knew some people. We were put on an upgrade guest list that would get us out of lines, comp the ladies and give the guys discounts. This was an absolute hassle and it seemed that every door NAZI was ruder than the next. No one knew anything and at one point when my friend mentioned she worked at MGM the door douche said, "So?". Eventually we got in at an increased rate. How nice...we were told it was a last minute change.So once you get in it's a dizzying maze designed to keep you there whether you want to be or not. And the stairs you've maybe read about - yah... They are everywhere and doesn't seem well thought out for a place that's patrons are getting trashed. If you don't have a table, plan on walking around in circles since you are not truly allowed to stand in one place for more than a few minutes. Yes - bouncers will ultimately tell you to move on every ten minutes or so. Likely since they over-pack the crowd well well beyond the 880 capacity plaque you can view as you walk in.We were getting tired and just needed to sit a second. Nope! Not happening.Attempting to get onto the tiny dance floor is a nightmare and due to the overcrowding, annoying bouncers and drunk douche bags hitting you with elbows, dropping drinks on you and rubbing all over your girlfriends and friends whether they like it or not. Funny how that stuff isn't being managed like NAZIs. Oh and just when we were finally fed up with being booty bumped and elbowed and rubbed on for an hour we tried to leave the dance floor - NOPE! Not allowed to leave! Someone - wouldn't say who was coming down the stairs... Who cares? My friend was having a panic attack and needed to leave the hot, overcrowding punch in face-fest ASAP. They were rude and argumentative towards her. There were clearly other ways to get out but they locked us in. Who does this?? How is this professional?! So if I'm dying I got to wait first??? Not good. Experience ruined.After 10 minutes are arguing and 5 different bouncers - one let us out the other way. Finally, but clearly much to the anger of the other assholes. God only knows why.Once we got out, my friend needed crouch down on the hall floor against the wall and away from crowds to catch breath and calm down. Within no less than a minute another bouncer informed her there was no sitting! Are you kidding me?!?!? Needless to say that was it. We left and we'll never come back. I'm sure they don't care since we weren't high rollers, but most people aren't. Most people simply want to see a great DJ and have a good time. This place doesn't allow for that. In the end we missed Calvin Harris - night ruined.
4	Was here on Sat/8 Mar to see Calvin Harris (also ate at their restaurant downstairs which I Yelp rated 5 stars).Hakkasan Nightclub- Big Pros: big name DJs, huge place, different rooms/music options, free seating in the Ling Ling Lounge, cool staff, decent ratio of about 45% women:55% men, their restaurant downstairs.- Big Cons: no outdoor area (XS, Tryst, Marquee, Chateau...have nice outdoor sections), needs better signage (stairs/the maze didn't bother me but I would like to know I'm walking in the right direction), small dance floor- Had a men's $50 pre-sale tix (+ $5 LET (local entertainment tax) + $7.50 service fee so it really came out to total about $63).  A few days before the event the $50 tix were sold out and only the men's pre-sale tix $75 (+ LET + service fee) were available.- Doors opened at 9:45 so I arrived at the pre-sale tix line about 9:40 pm.  In a quick 10 minutes or so I got my 2 club stamps and entered the club.  I asked a coupla bouncers about re-entry policy and one told me no re-entry that night, another told me no re-entry once the club got full (which would definitely happen with Calvin playing on a Sat).- Since I didn't want to hassle with Nightclub re-entry I hung out at the restaurant/bar from about 10:15 pm - 12:20 am for dinner & drinks.  I took the elevator from the nightclub to the restaurant/bar.  Restaurant's Ketel One & seltzer was only $12 whereas at the Nightclub a small bottle of Fiji is already $9.  Also they had a special $50.14 menu supporting charity going on and that included a 4-course dinner.- After dinner/drinks at the restaurant I walked up 2 flights of stairs to the Ling Ling Lounge (free seating with no mandatory bottle service), showed my club stamps to the bouncer to continue on to the Ling Ling Club, then finally got to the Nightclub. - Since I didn't have the $3,500 minimum for a table and the dancefloor packed, I just stood/danced on the periphery with the other riff-raff for about an hour waiting for Calvin to spin.  At 1:30 am "Feel So Close" came on to signal that Calvin Harris was finally spinning.  I love his music, but except for his own songs I didn't care too much for his set & choice in other songs. - Will be back to see Tiesto play.  Will be at XS to see Avicii play and later David Guetta.  Curious how Hakkasan+their star DJs vs XS+their star DJs compares.
1	I officially hate this place. Here's the short version of my story:Came here with 3 other people. Supposedly we were put on the guest list by someone who works there. We were outside waiting for two hours in so many different lines it was ridiculous. They told us to go to the guest list line then by the time we got to the front (which took over an hour) they told us we're not on that list... Then we get sent to the "host guest list" but after talking to at least three different workers we find out it's the same line that we were in. Then we were sent to another long ass line. We wanted to asked the girls working at the front if our names were on there just to make sure it's the correct line before we wait another hour to get in and they said "you have to wait in line for us to check" with SO MUCH ATTITUDE. But we did get in that line for another 30 min and it ended up not being the right line of course. After complaining to a bunch of people on the VIP side, this guy was so annoyed with us that he just let us in...Okay, now that we're inside the club... Don't expect to find anyone in there. It's jammed packed. At one point, we were stuck in one section (by the cabana looking tables on the right when you enter) - they didn't let people go towards the entrance or towards the opposite side. So I asked one of the workers where we CAN go so he said up to the second and third floor. But of course it was the VIP sections...LONG STORY SHORT: for how big/popular this club is, they really need to be more organized. None of the employees seem to know anything, or at least they didn't know the same things so we were misled every time we had a question. And why do people like this place anyway... They obviously let in WAY too many people. Isn't it a safety hazard...?
2	My girlfriends chose this club, and from what I've heard it's suppose to be the most poppin' since it's new. Whoever was suppose to get us in for free, f'd up and we ended up having to pay for two girls to get in. Not bad, but still it would've been 100% free if the promoter had actually put our names on the list.I believe the first floor was called Ling Ling or something similar to that, and it's suppose to be the hip-hop floor. The music felt a bit throw back, and it was def an older crowd that night.My girls wanted to go to the edm floor, which totally isn't my scene. So I had to get drunk enough to really even try to enjoy it.
2	I got bottom service here for my birthday. The promoter gave us a 2500 minimum quote but when we got to the front a manager approached us rudely and told us we'd have to up our minimum to 3000 or get out. The tab came out to about 4500 after tax, gratuity and some LET feeManagement and security were very rude. The bottle service girl was very nice and smokin hot. Her name is Lana.The club was pretty packed, Calvin Harris was DJing, but overall Hakkasan really needs to work on customer service. Light is still my favorite club for EDM by far
2	dont know what all the hype is about. very underwhelmed with this place. having no place to get some fresh air felt very claustrophobic. felt like a carbon copy of xs but with no outdoor area. and drinks are stupiddddd expensive, sorry ladies.
5	This is my 2nd review on Hakkasan.  I just feel the need to write another review especially since my views have not changed.  This club is hands down the BEST night club in Vegas!  You can visit this place on any weekend and I can guarantee you won't be disappointed with the DJ that's playing.It's definitely nice to know someone who works there to get on the guest list and book tables.  Don't trust any outside sources.You simply cannot come to Vegas without experiencing Hakkasan.  Check it out!
1	Expensive drinks, expensive to get in. It took hours for the dj we came for to even show up. Ended up leaving. Wish I could get a refund but that's never going to happen.
1	WORST CLUB EVER. I love electronic music and this venue has great DJ's but a horrible sound system. The system could not handle the low or high end that is required for electronic music. If you are not getting a table do not go here. I had  FOUR drinks spilled on me and my drink spilled twice. I paid $30 for my ticket and $50 for my husbands during the presale to see Tiesto on March 15, 2014. They over packed the club. If i called the fire marshal they would have shut the club down. If there was a fire everyone would have died. I did not even stay to see Tiesto due to the overcrowding and lack of view. The wait at the bar was not even worth it for a watered down drink....just to be spilled. I WOULD NEVER GO HERE AGAIN AND I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS CLUB TO ANYONE.
4	This place has a few levels to it, which is pretty cool. I feel like this club has more bars in it than others, or at least you get a drink way faster than other places!The drinks are pricey, but what do you expect? I forgot who I saw the first time I went here, but the last time I came and saw Steve Aoki.  It was pretty cool, the lighting and everything is nice. Only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is the dance floor. It's so much more packed than other big clubs in Vegas. In the beggining I almost left because I was so smashed in the middle of the whole thing. Otherwise it's a nice place.
4	I came to see the legendary Steve Aoki! They had a promo where if you went to the meet & greet and purchased a T-Shirt for him to sign, you could get free entry into Hakkasan.In the club, there are 5 levels of stairs, and we were eventually packed in so tight (and I'm used to that since I'm a regular raver) but this was shoulder to shoulder, butt to nut and i had a hard time getting out. The first act was alright, there were too big of gaps in the beat drop, and he seemed like an amateur DJ.The headliners ALL start at 1:30AM. Also, when Steve Aoki came on, he brought out both Tiesto and FlavaFlav for his birthday, so that was insanely epic. I had a great time and hope to catch Hardwell at Hakkasan sometime soon!Beware as the only exception for T-shirt wearing is only if you're wearing anything related to the headliner that evening, dress code is enforced! How do people go to an EDM event with Steve Aoki in dress shirts with dress shoes? I still cannot figure it out.
3	I guess this place has replaced Marquee as the "Go To" club in Vegas... at least thats what my friends say. My friends and I bought tickets online to avoid the endless line. About $75 for a Saturday night with Calvin Harris. The place was POPPIN. It got sooooo crowded it became uncomfortable and suffocating. Calvin Harris killed it, but what also killed it was the overcrowding. No space to move. I guess its really "I feel so close to you right now" huh.
3	It was a fun night but doesn't have the glitz and glamour of other clubs in vegas.
1	As a local who has been to quite a few of the clubs out here, this one is on my "That's really cool that the DJ's you have are awesome, but totally not worth going to the venue" list. It's like they are compensating for the horrible layout that the club has. The venue is tiny, which sucks because with such big name DJ's like Steve Aoki playing, it's going to get packed...and when it gets packed, which is fairly early in the night, it becomes uncomfortable. The help at the front, at least at the time when I went had no idea about the policies on Re-entry. I asked one person, who said you were allowed to re-enter before 11 p.m. and then went to leave, asking one more person to be sure..and that one said there was no re-entry. Welp, that sucks. All and all, the DJ list is awesome, but the place isn't worth going to. If you are in Vegas and want to get your dance on, go somewhere else, especially if you don't care who is playing.
1	fast entry if your on guestlist. ladies free before midnight guys $55 (& that was on a friday night with a promotion) no re-entry!!!!!!  my overall experience was as follows this place is overrated!! wayyyy too crowded and expensive ($9 for a small bottle of figi water) if the water cost that much drinks are more! (i dont drink i was there for afrojack) if you like getting pushed shoved n packed like sardines this is your place to be. i wonder what is their capacity cause there was literally no room to walk let alone dance. beyond unenjoyable not to mention the bouncers and staff act like their shit dont stink and are too cocky for their own good. dont waste your time or spend your $$$ like i did. trust me i was excited to go for the first time being from chicago (the plus afrojack was mixing & he mixed at 1:30 am i got there at 1030 total dragggggg )but like i said save your $$$ hakkasan nightclub sucks dont believe me go n then find yourself shaking your head as your there like wtf yea ... your welcome
4	Hakkasan always has the best DJs and it's a really nice club. However it is not my favorite club in Vegas for a couple of reasons. One, there is no outside area and it has a type of dungeon feel to it. It's darker than most clubs and not as big as everyone said it would be. I thought it was the biggest club in LV. I would have to disagree with that. Also the drinks are more expensive than most clubs. It was $18 for a mixed drink. I'm not freaking out about it but that's just an FYI to those that like buying drinks in clubs.
2	Unless I'm going with bottle service with the modelesque bottle girls, this is not the nightclub to be at as a regular patron. Small dance floors that are some of the smallest among the nightclubs on the strip. Sure, the place has 4-5 floors with two of em closed off (one because of $10K bottle service tables). All in all, it is a shade above most of the nightclubs, only because of the DJs that regulate here.
3	Club Layout - 2 starDJs - 5 starsShow - 3 stars Decor - 3 starsGA EXPERIENCE (Bar crowd) - 1 star The club has a really bad layout and gets bottled necked in many places. not to mention its very hard to see the DJ/show if you are not on the dance floor. strongly not suggested going if this is you. XS would be the best club for you. GA EXPERIENCE (Dance floor crowd) - 4 star If don't mind being on the dance floor dancing with every one, I've seen them do some pretty cool things with the crowd. but we all know dance floor crowd takes a certain person. TABLE EXPERIENCE (DANCE FLOOR & 1ST TIER) - 4 stars their tables are very nice & spacious, and center to view the DJ/show. if you don't mind spending $3k and higher depending on the night. TABLE EXPERIENCE  - 1 stars If you don't have a Dance floor table or the ones behind it I wouldn't waste money on a table unless you just want your own space. this is because you can't see anything due to all the people standing up on the the dance floor tables. also the club is broken up in many different rooms and if you are not spending a lot you won't be in the main room and in my opinion why would even go to Hakkasan knowing you will be seated in a different room away from the DJ. back in the day it wouldn't have mattered.  TABLE EXPERIENCE UPSTAIRS - 4 starsUpstairs is a pretty cool place. I like that you can see the DJ/show but keep in mind you are away from the main party. In closing Hakkasan has a lot of hyde and you have to see it at least once. but if you're not a super hot chick that can get pulled on onto a good table or are someone that doest mind spending a lot of money i would not suggest it, unless you are just obsessed with seeing a particular DJ. #REALTALK
4	I am torn between this place but the review is for bottle service only. Came a few weeks back and saw Danny Avila and a group of us got a bottle. First off Danny tore that set up. Second besides Light which is my favorite club in Vegas the table service was premier here. I had table service at all the major clubs now in Vegas which promote EDM and this club is it. Both XS and surrender are cool but they rush you and kick you out. IMO Hakkasan not only have great hosts but the layout for table only is top notch. I will definitely come back for table ONLY as all the other reviews have mentioned the place gets packed and I wouldn't want to be out in the crowd without a table.
4	MUSICBest DJs in the world so I give 5 stars for bringing in the talent!VENUELIght show was stellar and the dancers made it a very interesting and memorable experience. Unlike some of the other reviews I didn't find it that hard to get around5 StarsBARExpensive but that's Las Vegas for ya! Friendly service always helps soften the blow4 StarsEnjoy the show and just have fun!
1	Awful experience. Came here for my sister's birthday. Good thing women were free, but damn it would suck to be a guy. My husband ended up paying $125 at the door. First dj was awful & played music that were slow and un-danceable at the beginning. A coke & rum cost a freaking $16 and it wasn't even a tall glass!! Dance floor was too packed and it took me 15 minutes just to leave it. I think several fire codes were violated that night. Main dj (Hardwell) didn't come on until 1:30 pm, at which time it's impossible to even move in the dance floor. Ridiculous prices. Totally not worth it. Hakkasan was a total dud & disappointment. Would not recommend unless you're planning to purchase one of their even more expensive table service.
2	If it wasn't because my husband and are were able to get in for free and the guys at the line were nice, I would so give this place only 1-star. This place was OVER packed with people!! A total fire hazard! There was NO WHERE (like a patio or anything) for people to smoke. Yes, I understand its Vegas and there are smokers everywhere....but come on people...when your dancing like crazy and every deep breath of fresh air I need to take is a big puff of smoke is not a fun environment. At least at XS or Marques, there are outside pool areas for you to get some fresh air and people tend to smoke there (as the stupid smokes get to escape somewhere!) and NOT smoking on the dance floor?! Pretty much, they didn't even need a fog machine because the stupid smoke probably did the job for them.I even saw a guy accidentally bumped into a girl while smoking and burned her skin. That is definitely a fight waiting to happen.To top it off, there are definitely no where to SIT. I know majority of the clubs are strict with taking off your shoes, no falling asleep etc but many clubs wouldn't care much if you sat on corner of big plant pot, the big speakers etc. These bouncers would literally pull you up before i even sat down.Place is way too small, overpriced (if I had to pay) and no outside patio. Will never go back.Addendum: Many have raved about the club because of popular DJ lineups and shiny lights, which is true. Although, with a horrible environment, no space to dance except to smell body odor, getting drinks spilled all over you and a cigarette burn I wouldn't care who is there and what shiny lights there are. It would ruined the night someway or another.
1	went there last Tuesday.  a group of 15. Got there early with our bar and nightclub convention passes. at 9;30 not to crowded. Saw someone fall down the stairs and remarked how dangerous they look. Sure enough an hour later I fell up the stairs. Trying to find someone to report it has been a nightmare. I am very hurt going to DR,today. The black on black floors are a stupid idea I cant imagine anyone with half brain designing a place like that where people drink. And the ones I fell on had no light. I offered to come the next day and show them the said no. Would not go back there. One of my employees a 23 yr old girl got confused from dance floor as others have said and ended up outside of club. They refused to let her in or even help her as all her belongings purse phone and the rest of her party were inside. She was outside alone crying and finally a couple helped her let her use a phone to call one of us. She even asked security to just walk her back to get her things and she would leave and they refused. would not recommend this club to anyone.
5	Oh Hakkasan... I MISS YOU. My girls and I came here Tuesday, March 25th to see CALVIN HARRIS!!! I was already under a promoter's list but was told to line up with the guestlist line , which was super long :(It took about 2 hours to get in, but the best part was that a staff member from Hakkasan asked my group of girls and I to go to the front of the line!!! The venue itself? AMAZING. Crowded, but still had places to walk around. They have dancers and nice (kinda cute) security guards there! heheThe music that night was the best. I am a huge fan of Calvin Harris, therefore being there that night was awesome! They even throw out foam light sticks to the crowd! :)EDM, Calvin Harris' own songs, what could be better? One of the best nights I had  and I WILL BE BACK!
1	I live in Las Vegas. This place sucks. XS all the way. I don't care how good the DJ is and yes, I love Tiesto but I would rather go stick my head in a port-a-potty than go back to this dump. I had more fun in my car, driving away from Hakkasan, than at the club itself. I thought the first time might have been a fluke so I tried multiple times and even the general consensus from all the locals(except the ones that work there) is that they hate it.
2	Hakkasan - you can try to be the top dog of vegas clubs all you want but you've been slacking. The set up just BLOWS. One main stage with everything surrounding it. unless you have the luxury of a table / bottle service, good luck finding a place to sit ladies! The "dance floor" always gets crowded - oh and the ladies here have not been poppin either. I say stick with XS and surrender if you wanna have a great time.
5	First time at this club last night! Omgosh I love this club already. Calvin Harris was awesome! He's so pretty. Dance floor is kind of small but it's alright. Had a super great time. Awesome and nice people minus maybe a hand full. We're all just trying to have a good time.  Great ending to a bachlorette party weekend.
1	This club is definitely one of my least favorite clubs on the Vegas strip.  My experience here is based on my personal opinion and may vary person by person, which is likely especially because a club experience is so different for everyone.Anyway, besides the long lines and the JAM-PACKED and OVERCROWDED space/rooms (which I am aware of because after all, it is a club right?), I also did not like the music (before the headlining DJ came on) and the policy here.  The drinks average nearly $20 each and water is a whopping $9 for a tiny fiji bottle.  They DO NOT serve tap water so you have to buy a tiny bottle of water just to stay hydrated.I think all in all, because this club is overcrowded, overpriced, and just blah music, I likely won't be coming here and rather have a better, safer experience at XS or Marquee.
4	I was here for a private party and it was awesome. Good music and vibe. The waiters and waitresses were very attractive, I can see why this place is so popular.
4	This is my favorite club in Vegas. They have a amazing line  Dj's that play's here and tonite it was Dada Life.Great music great vibe. The only negative thing I have to say is that the dance get so pack that you could barely move. But for me I'm there for a good time and for the DJ's.
5	Tons of fun! I saw Calvin Harris spin here over the weekend, I can't complain. We had a table and bottle service fairly close to the DJ and they cocktail waitresses were great, very attentive and assisted in pouring drinks almost the whole night. I love how they gave out foam glow sticks at around 2am. The place itself it stunning. I can't say I would go if I didn't have a table, as the place was packed, but if you have table service, it's definitely a ton of fun and you will have a blast!
5	This place was awesome! We met a promoter at the casino in the hard rock hotel and he got us in free and gave us free drink tickets. The venue is beautiful and the music was great. There was a good mix of male and female on the dance floor. This is the best nightclub we've been to so far. Much better than Marquee.
3	Here is the thing about Hakkasan, if you don't have a table, you don't have a good time. Maybe that sounds spoiled but it's true. I am a Vegas local and I go out once every few weeks to one of the nightclubs. Hakkasan is 100 times better if you are partying at a table with a group of friends. If you are stuck walking through the club that ends up just being a throng up people, you will not have fun. You will just battle your way through crowds the whole night. Not a bad club, but don't go here unless you want to buy bottle service.
5	For the past two Vegas trips, we have had at least one night where we stopped at Hakkasan. We were treated awesomely both times.The first time, I went with a group of girls on a Thursday. We arrived early with little to no line. There were free drink tickets for vodka drinks. I don't remember what DJ was there that night, no one spectacular.We stayed out late and danced our butts off. We met new people and had a great time. Hakkasan always has the top DJs and is built beautifully. There are always awesome go go dancers and light shows up front. And the dance floor is big, but never big enough.The second trip we made, we came only because Rose Rabbit Lie closed at 3 am, but we knew Hakkasan would still be open. We didn't get there until about 3:15/3:30. They were hesitant to let us in, but because we were girls, they did. Obviously the DJ had left by then. I don't remember who it was but it was Saturday night so it was someone good. When we got to the dance floor there was cotton everywhere! What the hell?! A pillow fight happened I think! Crazy! Anyway, we ordered drink and proceeded to keep dancing until 4 am when they sent everyone away.It was a great time. Hakkasan has never done me bad. And their DJ lineup cannot be beat by any other Vegas club.
5	A lot of famous,  great,get the party started djs over the weekend.  Ladies,  if your bad at walking in heals pack some roll up flats. Your feet will get tired from dancing!
4	Awesome night w Calvin Harris!! Kinda of short set, but I'll take it..Very crowded, if you don't have table service, u r a peasant among the riches, & have to keep walking & being whipped by security guards flashlight & they hurt the eyes man!!! Lol...Anyways, had a great time, I would have loved it if there was a private place table service for parties of two.Wanted to take the lady out, but totally got squished in the heavy crowd. Have tix & easy getting in...
1	I came here with my husband to see Tiesto. This wasn't my first experience in Vegas or with a nightclub. I have never experienced such lack of professionalism, and a lack of customer service. My husband and I will never go back there again. We were on Brian Pfeiffer's guest list. My husband had to pay general admission   ( no big deal), and he got in right away. The women were herded into a guest list line where men walked by on the second level and took pictures of women. I got there at 9:30pm, and was in line for 2 hours. I should have just paid general admission, which I later did. I got up to the front of the guest list line where I was told that I was not on the list. I texted my promoter, and he basically said there wasn't anything he could do. The group behind me that I befriended tried to put me on their list, but the guest list attendant wouldn't let them.  So, I paid general admission and met my husband. We were trying to get down to the dance floor      ( which there is only one way down that we could see), and we were stuck on the stairs due to people not moving. I just got out of a walking boot from having a fractured foot so I have to use the handrails.  The bouncer named Michael kept telling my husband to move. After the 5th time, of my husband being tapped to move. I kindly let Michael know that we would move if he could tell the people in front of us to move so I could use the handrail. He told me that I didn't need the handrail to go down the stairs. I then kindly informed him that I need the handrail to go down the stairs that I just got out of cam boot, and that you can't deny someone the use of the handrails, and that if I was to fall that he would accept full responsibility.I also had my foot taped so I could have some extra stability in heels. I asked Michael to flash his light at my ankle to see that I did have it taped, and that I wasn't BSing him.  He then told me that I couldn't go to the dance floor if I couldn't go down the stairs without using the handrail. He still refused to tell the people blocking the stairs to move. My husband said that while he was in there for the 2 hours waiting for me that he was told that he couldn't just stand anywhere that he had to continue walking. Also, by the same bouncer that told me that I couldn't use the handrails. The pros:- a new club- great light show with the DJ- Nice bartenders- drink prices are pretty on par with other clubs. $27 for a beer and a vodka soda.Cons:- Horrible bouncers- Horrible customer service
1	All the one star reviews on here are dead on! Stay away! Hakkasan is a death trap! Attempted to go see Tiesto this past weekend, (April 19th, 2014) and ended up not even sticking around for him because of how overcrowded, unorganized and just lousy this place really is. My girlfriend and I were looking so forward to an amazing night here and it was an instant buzz kill the minute we got in. Most everything about this place just sucked! If you do not have a gazillion dollars to spend on table/bottle service you are invisible and a nobody at this club! You will get knocked around like a ping pong ball between all the bouncers constantly shooing you along to keep you moving and the mad crush of people everywhere. Everything was an effort in this place! From having to wait in line for 20 minutes to get an overpriced watered down drink to actually trying to get to the dance floor! We never were able to make it to the dance floor because of how overcrowded it was! I wanted a water because of how hot it was with all the people and poor ventilation and the bar tender told me with a straight face that a water would be $9 for a small 11oz bottle of Fiji water as a regular cup of water was obviously not an option! Unfortunately it just all got to a point of being beyond a joke and we waved the white flag and gave up on this place before Tiesto ever even came out!
1	Horrible horrible.Came here Saturday night to see Tiesto, but ended up leaving at 1 when being so fed up with crowds and "security" or bouncers, whatever they're called.Arrived at around 10:30, and went to look for prepaid line, was told it was on the other side because the line was "overflowing". Which when we get to the over flow line, was called back to the original spot we were standing in. There was one small group there ahead of us. At one point in line I overheard two of the staffers talking about some girls tramp stamp, loudly and not discreet at all. Rude. Inside, no real standing space. You're either on the dance floor, in a bottle service booth, or in the way. To which one staffer made it his job that night to keep telling me and my boyfriend we couldn't stand wherever we were standing. But whenever it was girls standing there, he had no problem at all.After having enough of that guy, we headed to the jammed packed dance floor, which was probably smaller than my backyard. Everyone was shoulder to shoulder pushing and shoving.The worst part was the things that happened on the dance floor. Two girls were so drunk out of their minds, a group of guys were passing them around taking turns making out with them while another guy took photos. Lifting the girls dresses, sticking their hands on their panties, even though the girls knew enough to keep pulling down their dresses and saying no. Practically rape. Fights nearly breaking out, people falling on the floor. Horrible.When we finally had enough, trying to make our way out, some girl was openly lighting her bong in the hallway. Idk how that made it in but yep. Police, fire Marshalls etc. need to look into this place ASAP!  Horrible. Oh, and sister ended up leaving at 1:30, and still no Tiesto.
1	If you're only going to take one thing away from this review, it's don't go to Hakkasan and try the other clubs the strip has to offer like Marquee, XS, or Lights!My friends and I have had a multitude of terrible experiences at Hakkasan. I know why do I keep coming back right? Because they have the most popular DJs I'll give them that, but also because I unfortunately, trust too wholeheartedly. I contacted the promoter, Peter Nguyen (avoid this promoter like the plague), and he was willing to help my friends and I get in for free with table service. However, we showed up on Friday night and he said that we would be found. The catch was he didn't even know what we looked like. We ended up being packed in like sardines on the dance floor, while guys were shoving and punching us! It also took us DAYS to get on and the same amount to get off. Then on Saturday night we went back because he apologized and promised unlimited table service. When we texted him that we were here, he said made up some bullshit excuse that he couldn't come get us for another 2 hours, so we waited. When the clock struck 12:30 am, we texted him and he failed to reply. We were left feeling stupid yet again.I gave both Ling-Ling (bottom hip-hop floor) and Hakkasan a chance, and needless to say, I'll most likely not be coming back to this terrible and overly crowded club. Also girls, the whole club is built with angled walkways and this really gets to your toes in those heels and cuts off all circulation to those poor little piggies. Avoid having to walk up and down these treacherous walkways by avoiding Hakkasan!
3	I went here twice only because it resided in the hotel that we were staying and that it was convenient.  We came here with a group of 9 girls for a bachelorette party.  We were on the VIP party list and when you approach this line, it is ridiculous.  There is no organization whatsoever to talk to the host.  It's really depends whether you can squeeze through the crowd or not to talk to the host.  I can see how a lot of arguments could occur in this situation.  After waiting for 30 minutes, our club promoter came to get us.  We enter an elevator to get to the club.The ambiance and decor is really nice here.  The main dance floor gets really crowded.  If there was more room, i think we would have had a lot of fun.  I loved that they had the confetti drop.  It felt like new years for a minute.  There was also dollar bills flying down towards me.  I don't know if this is a normal thing for this club or we had some ballin' celebrity that decided to throw dollar bills into the crowd.  It was pretty fun trying to get the dollas! We came away with a whopping $5 that went towards the tip of our drinks lol.  Most of the music played on the this dancefloor is EDM.  This place has alot of stairs so make sure you wear somewhat comfy shoes girls!. Their hip hop room though on the other hand is pretty cool.  I just only wished it was bigger.  It's super crowded down there on the dance floor.  I only wished we had some room to dance.  We ended up dancing on a box but to be drunk and dance up there that long, it's kind of scary. Overall, wish there was more hip hop music in vegas instead of this edm invasion but oh well, what can you do? It's fun with the right company!
2	BOO.The only good thing was we got in for free with tickets from a promoter.The club is cramped, the dance floor was full of idiots pushing through constantly and stepping all over me. I could hardly move, let alone dance. $20 for a watery, weak AMF (how the hell did they manage that?!).Nowhere to sit. No outside area. (Marquee, XS, and Surrender definitely win here.)They will not serve you glasses of water, only bottles of overpriced Fiji. Really?!?!?!I've been to all the clubs in Vegas...this one is not worth visiting.
1	WORST CLUB EVER! If only 0 stars existed. I went to Las Vegas with friends to celebrate my sisters birthday. Purchased our tickets from home in San Francisco and showed up ready to party! The line was very long but we got in in literally 2 minutes. The club is beautiful on the inside but man is this place small and full of douche bags and sluts. My girls could not sit anywhere because if you don't have a VIP booth then you can't sit anywhere. The dance floor was so cramped! The bouncers literally push you so more people can fit. I don't get how this is legal. As for the people on the dance floor, there was a couple almost having sex. The guy kept dancing and fingering the girl and she had his hands down his pants as she unbuttoned his shirt. The bouncers saw this and acted as though nothing was going on. The watered down $25 drink was ridiculous and the bass in the music system is nonexistent! My sister got pissed off at how shitty this place was that she asked to head out. We didn't even get to see the DJ that was playing that night. SO we headed to another club (Piranha) no cover and we got some very good drinks and danced til 4AM. This being said, WE WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS CLUB. EVER!
3	Get here early and enjoy it while the fun lasts because the later it's gets the more packed it gets and this place has the smallest dance floor ever! It's gets so packed its uncomfortable and the bouncers are rude and push you out of the way to make a path. The atmosphere here is really cool, but it's just ridiculously small. Calvin Harris was good, but we had to leave because I just couldn't stand the right crowd any longer. It's not comfortable.
4	Ok that's what I'm talking about. This place has exceeded my expectations. Sorry that I haven't updated my review sooner.  My bf and I went back here the weekend of Jan 17 for Ailyne H birthday. We were on the VIP list. I immediately called my contact to let her know we were outside the club.  She quickly greeted us and escorted us to the entrance of the club and next thing you know we were inside with no wait and with complimentary drink tickets in our hands. SCORE!The vibe was different this time around. Calvin Harris was absolutely amazing. Ailyne H and I were grooving to the fast beat of techno while our BFs were getting more drinks. Happy Birthday girl! Haha we were chocolate waisted. The BF and I agreed that this place was not bad at all. Will we come back? Probably yes! Oh and they now have in and outs which was my complain last time.The dance floor can get super packed. What can you expect,  its Vegas after all.  Vegas knows how to party!
1	Horrific. We showed up last Saturday at Hakkasan and had a terrible time. First of all, I was working with Anthony Bradley at Vegas VIP and he was awful-total swindler. He just wants to get paid on you and doesn't care if you actually get in the club or get what he promised. He connected me with Greg at Hakkasan who also, was less than helpful. He kept telling us there was a door hold and it would be another 15 minutes. Over an hour went by and 17 of us (ALL GIRLS) left! They let 17 girls walk out. We had been promised a table and a comp bottle earlier in the day and told them what time we could be there. Greg had said "that's fine that's fine" through so many texts. Obviously, it wasn't. When we got there, the table limit was 4K and they wouldn't even let us in! Go to a different club. You may not see Tiesto, but you will have the time of your life at places that are easier to get into like XS, Tryst, Pure, The Bank. Avoid this place like the plague or you will waste 2 hours of your night in line. Don't trust Greg or Anthony either. You will be disappointed!!!
5	Don't know why they have such horrible reviews because we had a great time. I go to Vegas 5 times a year and have tried to go to Hakkasan for 5 times now and kept not going for one reason or another. I knew there's no seating so I wanted to only go if we got a table. Got a table through Greg Baker, who had some tables available (I guess since it was a Sunday) and got us a reduced min of $1K which I wasn't going to pass up. He had offered us a table for $1K the night before for Tiesto too which I really wanted to take, but we were committed to XS already. Getting in was kind of a bitch because the table line isn't so much a line as people trying to get the attention of two people with clipboards to let them in, or other people slipping money to get in faster. Luckily I called Greg and he came and got me. Note: They won't let you in without everyone there.We went up an elevator to the main floor and lead to our table. We got a bottle of Belvedere for like $500 or something, a few Bud Lights, redbulls and waters for the table. The music was really loud, but we were in the main room so what can you expect? The service here was amazing. The security guards wouldn't accept tips but were looking out for us nonstop. The guy who was working with our waitress to clear the table, bring us more juice, empty ashtrays, etc was impeccable. We gave him some extra money at the end of the night because he was really impressive. Every time we used some juice, we got a new bottle, every time we ashed a cigarette the ash tray was emptied. Kudos for finding such an awesome guy. Our neighbors to the left were from SF like us and really nice. Our neighbors to the right were an Abercrombie model and Jessica Simpson's dad, so there's that. lolAt around 3, they closed our section off and moved us to the top floor of the main room to a very large table where we took all our new friends including a lovely older brittish couple who gave my friend $100 for a wedding present. Security thought we were selling them drugs at first and were shining flash lights on us, but we got it sorted. The sound and lights here are amazing. I had to go over the productions guys running the boards and tell them. Security was really nice and let me go over to them and tell them myself. Bathrooms were really clean here as well. They had girls going silk too which was awesome to watch.Above and Beyond was of course amazing. I can't wait to come back.
3	Meh... Could be flashier in the usual Vegas style.  I guess I'm into that whole rooftop bar, poolside glamour stuff they have at other places.  This is more of a concert venue, with three levels and two dance floors.  I came here for AboveandBeyond and it got pretty packed.  There was a cool dance show with Gaga-type dancers and ribbon dancers suspended from the ceiling.  But the decor itself was boring.  The crowd was attractive.  Nothing crazy impressive but it was cool.
3	Decided to stop by again with my husband for another try. Much better than the first time as they got the smoking issue down, thank goodness.Still overly packed with nowhere to walk or dance. We made it to the dance floor once at the beginning of the night and the rest of the night was standing at the back near the VIP tables staring at the dance floor instead. People were crowded up behind me as well because they had nowhere to go etc.  (minus 1-star)The lounge was nice downstairs that was more relaxing for socializing if that's what you choose. More space and area to breathe and stretch but still didn't like how there is no outdoor area. (minus-1)I do have to say that the staff are very nice with good customer service both times I was there. So if it wasn't for the clubs layout and literally over packing people and no outdoor area, I would give it 4 stars this time around.
1	Saw a girl get fingered at this club on a Friday night.Just realized that by noting this trashy event on here might draw some people to make an effort to visit this club.Well, that was my very last time going to that club.  So disgusting and none of the security guards bothered to say anything.  Probably enjoying the view.Water:  they don't provide tap water at the bars.  You can order bottles of water though, but they will charge you $9 each for 350ml Fiji ones.  I think this part is absolutely ridiculous.I wouldn't mind this high price tag, if they at least kept trashy porn action outside the club!
5	This place is amazing! Bring lots of girls and you will be hooked up. I came with 15 girls and we got free bottle service all night and a private table. All the security are friendly. Defiantly recommend stoping by here
1	Seriously? Girls, think 2x before coming here. Yes what the other reviewers said "Do yourself a favor and just go to XS" Depending on the event at the hotel, the place will conform. If it's a fight weekend expect to see ghetto ass people and rowdy people. The place was jam packed and not nice as the other clubs. We went on a fight weekend and the place was filthy, dirty, and gross. Lots of ghetto people (and cheap!) Not a place you want to be at. After the fight we heard many fights broke out (luckily we were at XS! Woot!)Also, they don't do specials like other clubs like girls free drink from 10-11 or 2 free drink coupons, and they don't even serve water, you have to BUY a small small Fuji water for $9. No water in a regular glass? That sounds like a bad situation since that will lead to over consumption and by over drinking you get a rowdy crowd and then John Taffer will come and yell at you for letting your guest over drink. I know they want to make money, but with the expensive drinks, is a cup of water that hard to ask for? What if you're friend is totally wasted and that cup of water will save her life, and you just wasted all your money buying their expensive drink. Other clubs will provide you like a plastic cup of water, nope not Hakkasan because they want you to be drunk and rowdy, ghetto and get into fights. I guess it's publicity for them. Reeally people, do yourself a favor-go to one of the BETTER clubs (XS, Tao, Marquee, etc). You're welcome or I told you so.... hahaha.
3	Went here to "see" Tiesto on Friday night after landing in Vegas. Here's what I know:1) I have one sole picture of me dancing with 3 random girls, quite provocatively.2) My credit card showed a $51 charge to HAKKASAN LV LLCSo, 3 stars? One per girl in the photo.Everything else that happened is anybody's guess.
4	Gave hakkasan another try and glad I did. Unlike last time I came didn't wait at all. Walked right in and we had a table on the second floor facing the DJ booth. Had an incredible time and I do have to say that it's awesome that tiesto is the resident DJ. He gives an incredible show.
2	the only thing this place has going for it is the awesome list of VIPs that perform at the venue (tiesto, calvin harris, dada life) but otherwise.. i don't know why else i keep falling for the trap to go back! super crowded.. horrible set up for getting in with ridiculous waits sometimes even with bottle service and the help of a host. the hip hop floor was a lot of fun but way too crowded without any dancing space. 2 of the 3 times i've been to hakkasan was with bottle service which is kinda a must if you want space to dance but good luck getting it in the area with the music you enjoy! XS is the way to go hands down for a better all around clubbing experience.
4	This is definitely one crazy club. It was rated one of the top night clubs and I can see why. The place is pretty big, its always poppin but drinks are very expensive so make sure you pre game hard. Tiesto came on exactly when they said he would which I was super surprised about as well
3	The only good thing about this place is their DJs.After we finished dinner at Joel Robuchon which is also in MGM, a promoter offered us to get on the guest list for Hakkasan. Since Tiesto was playing that night, we decided to check out the club. The club is on the 4th and 5th floor. DJ is playing on the 4th, there is also the dance floor and tables. Stay on the 4th if you want to check out the DJ but no table because there is not a single spot with a view of the stage besides the table area.I personally like XS a lot more because of the open area, especially for a non-smoker like myself cos it could get really stuffy and smoky in a close area like Hakkasan. Another suggestion is unless you get a table in Hakkasan, you won't enjoy it as much because there are not many spots where you can check out the DJ.I like the layout as well as the crowd in XS more.
5	This place didn't cost $100 mil for nothing, it is out of this world. Some of the best talent in the world and beat staff in the world. For sure is the best nightclub in Vegas (with Light, XS, and Marquee being very close). The VIP Hosts are amazing and VERRY attentive. The bottle service girls are top of the line, never really had an empty drink. The lighting system is out of this world and state of the art. You just feel like a million bucks right when you walk in this place. A must if you're in Vegas
5	First time here and came here for my cousin's 21st birthday weekend.  We had a group of 6 guys and we were smart to get tickets presale.  Looking at the line for general admission was hella long and I would have been pissed if it was us in that line.  Reminds me of the time I waited in line for Marquee and not even getting in lol not ever happening again.  Anyways we arrived there around 10:30pm-11pm and went straight to the presale line and were in the club within 10 minutes.  We took the elevator upstairs since that's what the majority of people were doing.  I'm not really sure what floor we went to but ended up where Tiesto was supposed to spin at.  Headed to the bar to the left of us and then headed straight to the dance floor in front of the DJ that was spinning at the time.  Guess you can say it's an arena style setup.  The sound system in here is top notch.  Lights were really good too.  Everything synced up well.  Even the free Tiesto wrist bands.  Music pretty much got me pumped all night without having too many drinks.  We did pre-game before heading here but I didn't drink that much since I was the DD.  Tiesto's set was really great that night.  I usually can't listen to too much of his stuff but it was on point.  Later on went up and to the other bar on the other end.  Not sure what else they had since I was mostly dancing the whole night.  I think there was another floor up but looked like it was just bottle service areas like they had behind the dance floor on the DJ level.  Not a dull moment that night. Oh yeah and my cousin got some action from 2 ladies...or was it 3.
2	This nightclub is way over hyped. I just keep going back because they have the best DJs perform (Tiesto, Calvin Harris, etc). The club itself is way too small. By midnight on a weekend, you will not be able to move at all.
4	The food and service in this one is MUCH better than the one in Beverly Hills... The club is great too if a little overcrowded. Def coming back!
1	I was not a fan of this club. It was over crowded (worse than any other I've been to in Vegas), the staff was rude, everything seemed disorganized, the drinks were over priced (and tiny). I just don't understand what the hype is all about. I went here for a bachelorette party with a group of girls and a few of the girls were knocked over and hurt in the crowd. Security didn't seem to care, and a friend almost was trampled. I get it, Vegas clubs are busy and crowded, but this was outta control. They must have been breaking some fire codes or something...Won't be going back again.
5	Ok, so admittedly this night was a "once in a lifetime" thing for us.  We were eating at the restaurant and started chatting with the table next  to us. We all hit it off and they invited us to their table at the nightclub. It was right next to the DJ booth on the main floor, and we danced and drank all night! The staff was awesome, and the music was great. We will be back again, but probably not at a table. Unless we can find people to split with. Awesome night, great club!
3	I'm not sure how to rate this place..Got in for free.Guest list goes through two lines.Tip: get there before 11, 10 isn't a bad idea, I didn't go through a crazy wait. (for guest list at least). My friend said she waited 3 hours one time and didn't get in, not sure why anyone would wait that long but yeah.. Second line: id check & stamped, and then guest-list check & stamp and then you go to a window booth thing inside (like a movie theater)Experience is just weird, you get in, go into elevators and so on.. What to expect: classier than the LIGHT nightclub in terms of outfits (not all, but not so much of leggings and crop-top kind of place, guys were more well-dressed.Atmosphere: I like it more than LIGHT, but in terms of music I might of liked LIGHT more, I wasn't too fond of it here. It's EDM, but I didn't feel like it was great.BUTTheres a HIP-HOP floor, it's downstairs! I loved it! Some people had mixed feelings: some songs were great, some were bad.It's less crowded down there than for the EDM floor, a bit more intimate in a way though. ----CREEP FACTOR (not in regards to the club, but attendees):Just for that night for me, I didn't have to deal with anything like in LIGHT, felt like the guys were nicer in a way, not entirely. I really liked the hip-hop floor we met a random girl and there were these guys and we're all dancing together  in a way (but not on each other.. so that's cool).But there were guys arguing on the EDM floor if they knew us and random stuff.. DUDE, you're trying too hard.. I don't get guys.. They weren't touchy freely, but they didn't leave us alone..  There will still be drunken bimbos everywhere you go though, not classy.. spilling your drinks and stuff..----Bar:I only got one drink: lemon drop shooter (cheaper than the martini), I felt like the bartender.. she can't make drinks.. just my thought. Tip:Bar upstairs(still EDM floor) is less crowded that the first floor (EDM).Bathrooms:have a lot of 'specials' in there, perfume, lotion and stuff.. interesting..
1	Let me put this part up front because I feel it might be one of the most important parts of the review...you will not be allowed to sit ANYWHERE unless you or someone you know gets ridiculously expensive bottle service.  I actually saw at least one security guard who full time job it appeared to be to keep the peasants from sitting on a fairly low shelf in the corner of one room...They claim to be one of the biggest night clubs in the world, so I was expecting a huge dance floor and a cool electronic vibe like i remember from "The Wave" in Honolulu -- not even close I know people with houses that have bigger party rooms than the main or secondary dance floor.Also given the tiny dance areas you couldn't design a worse "traffic flow" if you tried, it's impossible to get anywhere, because people that want to dance have to do it in main traffic ways and within a few feet of the bars and bathrooms.Beyond that they open at 10 and the main artist isn't on until 1:30 -- but despite a massive number of leather couches everywhere, you're literally not allowed to sit ANYWHERE unless you buy bottle service, which is ungodly expensive -- I do mean anywhere, if you don't get bottle service you will stand the whole time.It was $80 something to get in the door and a single beer was $10, want a water? $9 for what anyone would consider a half bottle.  I bet I would have enjoyed this place if I'd have had $1k to drop on an evening, but then again I can think of a lot more fun stuff to do with $1k in Vegas.
4	I was there on 5/16 which was a Thursday and after reading some reviews on here I was hesitant to give it shot. First I would like to say its Vegas, most places don't have a table or chair or anything else to sit on unless you buy bottle service. This is  the case in just about any club you go to in Vegas. Second, yes drinks are expensive as they are in any place on the strip or any clubs. For the atmosphere, it definitely gets crowded this club is more of a venue imo to see top DJ's. If you are trying to go somewhere to dance than this isn't the place for you. If you are going to see your favorite DJ and just want to jump up and down and such than this is your spot. I would definitely recommend getting there early and buying pre-sale tickets as you will get right in. The line ques were already long at 10:30 vs the presale line which my wife and I were ushered right in. My only complaint is the main act NERVO didnt show up til about 2:00am which is pretty late imo. All in all had a great time and would visit again.
3	This was supposed to be Las Vegas' latest and greatest club... I thoroughly enjoyed the sound and the vibe of the House floor, but it was so crowded that you couldn't dance let alone stand anywhere without it being shoulder to shoulder. We opt to say in the Hip Hop area that was equally as crowded, but luckily we found a small corner to dance in. After a while, we got even luckier as a girl invited us to dance in her table reserve area and Warren G performed. Being West Coast girls my group knew all the songs and had a great time watching his show. We left immediately after because it was just too packed for us.Don't buy bottled water b/c the small bottle costs $9 talk about rip off.
3	Came here to see DJ Tiesto. Tickets on a Sunday night was so much cheaper for guys than on a Friday night  ($30 vs $75). Compared to Marquee, this place is a lot smaller. Although they have 2 rooms (hip hop on bottom and edm on top), it is still not enough to fit the amount of people who are here to see these world renowned DJ's. Common, if you're building a new club in Vegas, you have to build it big. Furthermore, there isn't even an outdoor area here. Although I did have a good time, it would be much better if the club was bigger.
2	My cousins and I went here for my birthday in February 2014. All I have to say its pretty big with the 5 Levels. I just did not like the place though, For one its way too crowded which I know Las Vegas clubs cant get crowded but this place is uncomfortable crowded, second the 5 levels makes it very easy to lose someone, and lastly its overrated. Overall I wouldn't come here, Ill stick to other clubs.Tip for the Ladies prepare to walk A LOT of stairs!!! If you want to get around the levels.
3	AMAZING venue, well minus the hundreds of stairs, staff was actually pretty nice, didn't have those macho bouncers with ego problems and small weiner issues so that was a plus+however the biggest downfall is that it is WAYYYYYYYYY too packed, feels like a damn zoo in here! you can't even move on the dancefloor so it really ruins the great atmosphere that this club COULD provide. honestly if you like this place, splurge the money to get bottle service, I will probably never be coming here again without bottle service.but... like I said great venue, lots of screens, good sound quality, pretty good eye candy (I can only speak as a guy though) but I'm sure I was great eye candy for the girls there too ;)
5	I came here with a bunch of my girlfriends to celebrate my birthday and had a great time!! I consider myself somewhat of a club connoisseur and Hakkasan was among my favorites.  Of course, as any club-goer knows, an epic night is made up of a host of factors coming into play, so take my five-star rating of the club itself with a grain of salt.  We arrived around 11pm with advance tickets for Calvin Harris and the line was really long, but moved quickly.  The venue itself is massive...it's a bit confusing to navigate the various levels, but we walked straight onto the main/EDM level and were overwhelmed by the crowd.  After making our way to the bar, paying for a round of overpriced drinks (expected of any club in Vegas, so can't really deduct stars for it), and making our way to the dance floor, my friends and I decided to find the hip-hop room.  One flight down lay a less crowded and exponentially more fun venue.  My friends and I pretty much camped out in the hip hop room for the rest of the night, and  didn't even mind missing Calvin Harris upstairs.  The music was on point (a mix of current stuff and throwbacks), and the crowd was great - not as many skeevy guys as in NY, but  we still got the right amount of attention that we all secretly crave (don't lie, you know you like it).   The set up was also great, with these platforms for girls to dance on (lots of fun!), and the bar separated from the dance floor for easy access.  The hip hop room closes before the main room, bc it emptied out around 3am (I think?  Who knows what time it was).  In short, great music, great crowd, and def a great time.
4	Came on Memorial Day weekend and saw Hardwell and to my amazement again nothing but superior treatment. Yes we did spend a bit but it seemed like the vibe was happening and met people all around that were there to have a great time. To my amazement Fergie spun a great set before Hardwell came on.
5	I came here on my first night in Vegas on 5 de Mayo weekend. It was a Friday and Tiesto was playing. We got invited to a table on the very top floor with an amazing view for Tiesto. We partied and danced all night and I absolutely loved the VIP experience. I will definitely be coming back to check out more of their resident DJs. I had so much fun.
4	Betty N.'s Bachelorette Bash Night 1: Hakkasan for Calvin Harris.Let's just say you can easily get lost here. There's mysterious elevators that take you from one level to the next. Totally confusing. Okay, so like I said, we came here for Calvin Harris. When he finally did show up in the EDM room...it was literally a mosh pit. That was a HUGE no thanks for me. I prefer to be able to shake my booty and wiggle wiggle myself without smashing my tatas or other body parts into other people or have them smash into me.We ended up hanging out downstairs in the Hip Hop room the rest of the night at this VIP table full of super friendly doctors. If it wasn't for the ROOMY Hip Hop room, I probably would have given this nightclub a lower rating.Recap of that weekend on my YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFd8kfiZIJY&list=UU5YaBtOxOYqeFEEQ_aW6JiA
1	fuq this place.No one I personally know has ever had a good time here. But when 30/30 people say it sucks, it really does suck. No outliers here. Nothing special here. Even my friends who got tables and bottles didn't enjoy it.Completely ruined my Vegas experience and weekend.
3	The bait and switch, I've been a victim too many times in Vegas and this place is no exception. I was ok with the $55 cover, since it included Calvin Harris and the Weeknd, but closer to the front of the line, cover doubled. F*CK ME. I swallowed and walked in with my hands around my ankles. It's a very douchey place, and I don't say that casually, just really wrapped up in it's self importance. It was packed beyond any 3rd world safety codes. The volume is way too loud, bring ear foamies. The first Dj was amateur, with on the fly tempo adjustment. He seemed to be practicing. The second DJ reminded me of the clown on the Simpsons, really animated but not that great. Calvin Harris however, a real professional, he brought it, and his hit Summer was really the highlight. The floor below had the Weeknd, unfortunately he only felt like going through a few songs at at around 1AM, but it's more fun on that floor, you'll actually be able to move and gasp: dance a little. Go with thick skin and thick ear plugs. Oh and shitty shoes, your feet will be like fruit rollups at the end of the night.
1	We came here for my birthday, on a Thursday night, at 11pm. The resident DJ Vice was headlining (he was ok, I couldn't really get into most of the hip hop music that was playing- and I like hip hop). We also used freevegasclubpasses.com to get on the free guest list. I don't understand the point of being on a guest list if it means that we all have to wait in the same 1 hour line, I mean getting in for free is great and all, but we even stood in line next to a couple who actually bought will call tickets online. Don't even think about pre drinking, by the time you get inside the club your buzz is definitely killed, the line was insanely long.By the time we got in there we were stamped 2 different times. Why is one stamp not enough? Not even sure. The bouncers and ushers were not friendly at all, they corralled us like livestock and didn't acknowledge us when we asked a question.The layout was extra confusing and extremely dark. It was a cluster #%^* inside. They packed that club to the brim. It was insanely overcrowded, it was definitely a hazard. You're not allowed to stand anywhere for a long period of time. There was no room to stand or walk. We kept getting ushered out of the way everywhere we would try to walk to, it was really exhausting and annoying! One usher forced us to go up the stairs and when we got up there another usher yelled at us to go back down. When we got back down there, the same usher tried to get us to go back up! Worst organization and club management ever! Expect to be touched and pushed constantly. 2 vodka tonics was $45! It's a complete and total robbery. Also, you can smoke anywhere in the club, but ecigs are 100% banned in the club... we thought that was interesting. The never ending stairs was the worst part of this club. It's 4 long flights of stairs to exit the club and also stairs scattered throughout the club. It's very exhausting in platform heels and not to mention, I also fell hard on my bum since it was very slippery from someone spilling their drink. Ugh...my bum is now super bruised! We had a better experience and evening at Tao, yes it's not super new like the hakkasan but at least our experience there was top notch.
1	I have been to lots of nightclubs in Vegas and I am afraid to say that this is the worst of all. I visited this club last weekend (Memorial Day) and had one of my worst experiences. I am giving a list of pros and cons below.Cons:Smallest dance floor.Bouncers are super rude.80% of the club space is for table bookings.You won't get a glass of water at the bar.The clubs only interest is to make money.You cannot sit anywhere for even 2 sec.The clubs only intention is to extract as much money they can from you.50% of the girls you see in there are employed by hakkasan.I paid 145$ to get in there and came out in an hour.Pros:(only one)Tiesto. Seriously I you want a Vegas nightclub experience, never visit hakkasan. The only star is for Tiesto.
2	If this club wasn't overly packed I would give it 5 stars. Maybe I shouldn't have chose Tiesto to see on my Bday. Club has 3 different stages I believe (i think they're each on a different floor), I only went to one so i couldn't say what the others are like. But the way I looked at it was...if everyone there was there for EDM and not Hip Hop how can you have room for all those bodies on one for?? Felt dicks on my back all night. Not cool. I had to check the club out being all the hype it has been having. Will i go back? Most likely not.
3	Not the best club, I understand its new but they don't have the flow down like other clubs. Drinks are way overpriced,  they literally have a vodka and rebull in their hotel MGM grand for 8 dollars but here its $21! I can get better tasting AMFs and hurricanes at marquee for $15. They play the same monotone house music when I was there, literally left after 30mins.
4	I was in Vegas on Cinco de Mayo weekend for a bachelorette party. We came here on a Saturday night because someone in our group had a friend who had a table here. That night, there also happened to be a boxing fight therefore, MGM was very packed. There was a huge line for the club. Usually, if you have a group that's mostly girls, you can get put on the guest list, but we still were in a VERY long line. If you are not on the guest list, you can pay cover fee to get into the club (this fee usually runs $40+). We were in line for over an hour before we got in. The club is pretty huge. The main floor is all dancing but it gets pretty packed and crowded. We ventured onto another floor which had a completely different vibe. Overall, the experience was fun because of the company. We definitely didn't explore the entire area but I would come here again!
1	Pretty much got hustled again, $83 cover charge just to be way too uncomfortable by how overpacked it is. Pretty much chest to chest everywhere you go in the club. How dare people say it is the highest rated club when you can't even move. Terrible...just terrible...
4	Hakkasan is actually a pretty nice club. It has 5 flights of stairs, which for heels is probably a nightmare, especially as they are black and without lighting. The other complaint is that they wont give water, only $7 Fiji bottles. The 2 dance levels are a nice design and while its busy its not too crowded.
3	I'm going to have to give this place a three, and that was probably because my expectations were really high and had just gone to XS the night before. Given that this place was so hyped and expensive to build I was expecting a bigger space, or at least crowd control to prevent the shove fest on the dance floor. I was just trying to dance with my girlfriends and was pushed around the whole night. Just couldn't take it and had to leave early. Luckily we didn't have to wait in any of the lines and were taken straight to the elevator to go up.
4	Hakkasan is an incredible experience. The place has so much eye candy with everything that is going on around you, that it would be very difficult to not be entertained. we grabbed a table at the venue with bottle service and let the vibe of the environment come to us. Sure enough, within a few hours of getting to the event, we were having a blast. My only issue was the latency in getting us in, even with a table reservation set up. unfortunately, it still took 45 minutes. Outside of that, definitely an awesome experience!
4	Drinks are a bit pricey for regular drinks at $14-$20 (per), but it's Vegas sooo.. As for the club, I'd give it a B+ experience. If you want to get on the dance floor, it gets really packed once the headliner starts his/her/their set (get there early). Good looking ladies and guys are pretty chill. I do feel for those who are annoyed by the stairs because once you have a few drinks, it does become a struggle/annoyance.Overall, I think this place drives good business because of who has a residency there. I'll be back as long as that continues!
1	We came here again (against my better judgement from my last review of this place), but this time I was hoping the experience would be better getting bottle service. Alas no. We had a group of 8 ladies. The waitress looked like Kim Kardashian, beautiful. Too bad her attitude didn't match her face. She was rude to us the entire night, and I watched while she poured drinks for all the guys around and ignored us. Maybe she's the type of girl who feels more comfortable around men, maybe she didn't like the fact that we were women and thought we wouldn't tip her well, who knows. There's a mandatory 40% tip anyway, so I guess it doesn't matter whether she's nice to us. Last time I get bottle service here, what's the point? When you spends thousands of dollars, you expect a little ass kissing, not attitude. "Calm the f-- down", not exactly what I like to hear from someone paid to be nice to us.Let's face it, bottle service is for guys so they can hope for groups of hot exhausted women to come in, rest their feet, flirt for a drink, and maybe more. Women get bottle service so they don't have feel obligated to converse with creepy men just to sit down somewhere. We don't want men pretending to like us so they can have a place to hang out, we just want a place to call home for 3 hours, a place to dance without getting spiked in the toes, and amazing customer service.You would think that deserves some props from a woman who probably wishes she were somewhere else "if she could just save enough money..."
4	Went June 2013.  We were 6 guys.  After being told we needed girls (nothing new) to get in, we found 8 girls and brought them back.  Some dude in charge, I guess the manager, took them all and brought them inside.  We didn't care as long as we got inside.  We eventually did.  Big place, expensive, of course, and the main floor was EDM music.  None of us are really into that so we were pumped when one of us found out about the hip hop room.  We spent the rest of the night there.  Good times, don't remember much.  Back in Vegas this weekend and we'll be back.
4	As long as you get on the guest list via promoters you shouldn't have to pay the entrance fee. But it is Vegas, so be sure that there are more females than males in your group. Drinks are also expensive inside, so either pre-game or buy alcohol at on the bars inside the MGM. Don't worry that line to move inside goes fast, just be patient. But those stairs! Oh my goodness, they are killer!
3	Went to Hakkasan for Calvin Harris! Was originally on the guest list but we had a whole situation about that. We originally thought that our cover fee was waived but when we got to the cashier, she told us that it was ~$30? per person. Then we had a whole dilemma with the bouncers and in the end, he allowed 4 of us to have free entry. So in the end, we each paid around $17. It was pretty worth it because seeing Calvin Harris at a show is already around $50? The club itself is really nice and I absolutely love the interior design. It's definitely one of those higher end kind of clubs so drinks were really expensive. The workers are amazingly nice and it was just a great experience overall. We got right in front of the DJ booth and that night, we all decided to wear red and coincidentally Calvin Harris played "Summertime Sadness." Our friends also became friends with the security that was in front of us and allowed us to put our shoes right under the DJ booth. He was really nice and overall, just a great night.
2	This was actually my first time at Hakkasan and from my first experience, it was okay. Because there are two dance floors it made it comfortable for people to listen to whatever kind of music they want to listen to because there was a hip hop dance floor on the bottom floor and the main dj on the top. I spent most of my time at the bottom dance floor because the music was soooo loud on the top floor. Both of the dance floors are pretty small too. I feel that the space is mainly catered to the people who get bottle service, which is not many because if you get bottle service downstairs you would have to stay there. They also do not give you glow sticks that usual night clubs do in Vegas. I guess I can't complain because I got in for free because I was with a bunch of girls and we had a promoter. But one thing about that was we had to wait in line for a hour just to get in, because they said we had to be there by a certain time, but they just made us wait. One thing that annoyed me was that there was NOOOOOOO place to sit, unless you got bottle service. Which was ridiculous because not everybody gets bottle service when you go clubbing and for you to not let customers sit down because they didn't have bottle service is annoying and it really did not make me want to go there again. Every time someone was sitting on a ledge of something, security would come over and tell the person to get down. Even in the lounge area there were no seats. There were just tables where you would stand with your drinks. There is also no water fountain where you can get free water. You have to buy small SMALLLLL Fiji water bottles for $9 and hope that will last you the whole night.A lot of my friends have hyped up this place up for me but currently this place has only disappointed me.
1	I came down to Vegas for a Bachelorette weekend. One of the places I wanted to take the Bride to Be was Hakkasan. She has never been there before and Above and Beyond was playing and We were super excited to go see them. We got in contact w/a promoter who said he'll take care of everything including a comp table. We arrived there, got in and was placed pretty much on the back wall all the way to the right table behind the dj. It was amazing! He said he was getting us 2 bottles for free, we were ecstatic! There was another group table next to us with a bachelorette party as well :)The place was great, love the light shows, overly crowded esp dance floor. So the reason for the 1 star. The promoter told me we are seated in a prime spot and he asked for gratuity. I was thinking sure, our cover entry fee was waived and we didn't mind paying gratuity for the bottle service girls and we were getting 2 bottles. The first bottle came out, we were dancing and having fun, and the promoter KURT BENZ came up to me again for gratuity. So the girls and I gave more than $200 and I said "Gratuity for the girls" and he replied by saying "No, it's for me" and he pocketed the money. My first thought was "How odd" I thought it would be for the bottle girls. So within 20mins we prob finished more than half of our first bottle and then was told someone bought the table so they scooted us out. I get it, no prob. He told me he would find my girls a new table, and to text him in a bit. We did and i text him back, he simply replied by saying no tables now, give me a sec and he would postpone the time to text him. Mind you, We don't mind mingling w/other ppl at tables or partying next to guy/girls, sharing is caring :). Looking around I noticed there were tables in the back not being occupied and would've been fine if it was not around the dance floor as long as We got to see Above and Beyond.. An hour later looked back at the table we were at and saw No one occupying that section. So i text back KURT asking luck on tables? He NEVER replied back that night.We ended up going to Light which was way more fun. The promoters at Light takes care of you regardless if you have a table or not.. They want repeated customers. So next day, saw another Hakkasan promoter and he said he'll give me a comp table for my group, I told him what happened the night before with Hakkasan promoter KURT BENZ and he apologized on Hakkasans behalf... Within 3-4 hours I got a text from KURT saying he has a comp table for me . Ummm No thank you. He left a nasty taste of Hakkasan in our mouths.  Hope things like this doesn't happen for other party goers of Hakkasan..Thanks and Good vibes!
4	We booked a table on the main floor and after our dinner we were escorted to the elevator and taken to our table. Our floor was just EDM so I went to the hip hop floor which had some throwbacks and some current. The crowd is really diverse and I'm glad we got a table. Our waitress stayed with us most of the time and they made to continue to replenish what was out.
3	My girls and I were headed down the Strip on our way to get some good ol' Earl of Sandwich when we were flagged down by a Hakkasan promoter. He did his usual opening bit, asking what we had planned for the evening, and we answered honestly that we had been offered free drinks/entry at Tao, XS, etc. and were planning on stopping by as many as we could manage in six-inch heels.  "Don't bother!" He cried. "Let me tell you how this works." He then proceeded to give us a twenty-minute rundown of how he used to work as a promoter at TAO, how much TAO sucked and how much better Hakkasan was. He also said that he could put us on the "VIP Guest List" if we were there by 11, but couldn't promise free drinks because the club was popular enough as it was. Fair enough. So we ended up ditching Tao (the free drinks, and our free table) twenty minutes into the night to head to Hakkasan. We got there at 11 pm sharp and saw a line wrapping around the building and going out the back door. "Good thing we're on the VIP list!" we said. Funny story - so was everyone else in line. We texted our promoter, and he wasn't even there! He was at XS and he told us to just get in line. It took us about an hour to get into the club, and it was so packed that there was no room on the dance floor to do anything but shuffle around. We ended up leaving after half an hour because we were so underwhelmed. The funny thing is that if the promoter we met hadn't boosted our expectations so high with his lies, we might have actually had a decent night there. By then it was too late to get entry into any other club, so we ended up going to Tao and having a great time. Not crossing this place off my list completely yet, but doesn't bode well that literally the high point of my experience at Hakkasan was when my friends and I ran to get mozzarella sticks at the Rainforest Cafe to eat while waiting in line. Rainforest Cafe: 1, Hakkasan: 0
1	I've gone to dance festivals/gigs all over the world so I know what I'm talking about - this is the worst place for dance music in the world. Overrated djs spinning shit music (Hardwell simply is nowhere near the best DJ in the world; Tiesto isn't in the top 50; Steve Aoki sprays people with champagne); 1000 dollars for a 500 dollar table; paying 1000 dollars and not even getting a table in the Dance Floor area - no that costs 4000; tiny dance floor that you can't move in; dickhead bouncers; pretentious idiots wearing suits - sorry lads, you're supposed to be topless with glow sticks and whistles, dance music is about raving, so full of drugs you don't know where you are, not trying to look like you're applying for a job.Maybe people from the US won't understand, but if you're Europe, and grew up on this genre, stay away, this is the worst arena I have ever, and will ever be to.
3	Over crowded, it had two levels, hip hop and edm type music. Both floors were crowded and the elevators to go down do not work unless you ask security so we stood there for a good 5+ minutes until security apologized.  Overall, it might be a club you could visit during the week but weekend is too crowded and it has too many obnoxious people. If you get free entrance- be aware the drinks are super expensiveMidori sour-16$ eachVodka and red bull- 20$ (kettle one vodka) eachAdios- 18$ eachYou maybe free, but the drinks are crazy expensive
4	Went to Hakkasan's on Sunday night, it was packed! After going to a lame party at the Venetian, then a lame party at Treasure Island, my friends and I decided to take a cab to MGM at midnight and go to Hakkasans for better luck. We had met a promoter named Drew on the strip earlier that day and he was great! Glad we took his advice and got put on the list because it TOTALLY saved the night!  When we got there there, there were so many long lines, which we took a relief (it must be a good party, if there so many people trying to get in). We were VIP so the line we had to wait in wasn't that bad. We waited in line for a little but the line moved rather quickly and we ended up getting bumped to the front line thanks to Drew and got in free. It's huge but I like that it has different levels and different rooms. The dance floor was crowded but when the party is good, that's to be expected. Didn't have to wait long at the bar for drinks- they were expensive but I wasn't the one paying ;) Also, it's Vegas- drinks are pricey everywhere! It was a good time! Good DJ, good drinks and I like the area where they have the high tables set up and the music isn't AS loud because you can chill out and have a conversation and re charge. Nice place, will def go back!
4	This is one of the best nightclubs in Vegas.  We went on a Friday night and it was packed.  I would definitely recommend buying tickets in advance online to avoid the long line.Pros: They have two different floors, lower floor is a little more chill and not as crowded.Cons:  definitely very pricey, especially for guys, upper level was insanely crowded.
3	The club is very nice. We went last Saturday in a big group of about 20 for a bachelor party. We had reservations and bottle service. I really think it was overhyped. None of us went down to the main dance floor but that's ok because looking down, it looked like A LOT of dudes and not many girls. The music is loud and mostly techno/EDM stuff, which is very popular these days in Vegas. I thought that people were gonna be dressed much better, but lots of untucked, wrinkled shirts. The girls looked great though.It was nice that we were escorted to our table. But 5,000 dollar bottles of Grey goose for a relatively empty club? Not that great. I was expecting tons of gorgeous ladies, but it was mostly dudes and lots of non-American girls.
5	Sorry but this club is amazing. We didn't wait in those several miles-long lines. Just paid the reasonable entrance fee up front with our group and had an amazing time. Saw Calvin Harris spinning on the main floor, but what I enjoyed and LOVED the most was the hip hop floor. That mist steam machine is amazing, whoever the DJ was for Friday June 6 really knew how to rock the dance floor. He played all the right songs, my husband and I had the best time at this place and have considered this place as our favorite night club. Hakkasan, we will be back for you. Btw the drinks here suck. You will get diabetes from the amount of sugar and syrup they put in there.
2	Watched above and beyond here. Their music was amazing but the club was not. I had such high expectations based on their publicity.It's like Sutra in Orange County x 10 in douchiness.CONS: There's no space to dance on the bottom floor. Everywhere is occupied by booths. You cant dance in front of booths (too crowded and bouncers keep pushing). You cant really dance behind the booth bc theres all these ppl dancing on top of the areas behind the booths. Theres no view of the DJs ANYWHERE unless youre right in front. I hung out with some people in a private booth upstairs. What was sad is that these kids paid close to $3000 but they were stuck in the cornermost space. So while they had awesome privacy and no one crashing into them, from their booth I couldn't even see the DJs or see the cool visual displays. How lame! Oh yea, the opening DJ Fergie also played the same generic crap over and over until 1am. Yawn.PROS: bought tix in advance and barely waited 5 mins in line. Conclusion: I will never come back here.
3	Did he just call me ma'am?What is this thump thump thud fist pump I hear overhead?Who is this guy with an angelic halo?  And why are people so in awe of him?What?  $19 for each well Vodka Red Bull?  I'll take a water on the rocks please.Let's start from the beginning.  I was able to get on the guest list, not because I'm cool (I actually really am though), but because it was a Thursday and there were heaps of promoters spinkled up and down the strip.  I felt quite special walking into the club and bypassing the regular folks.For all the hype, this place was a lot smaller than what I imagined.  It appeared to me that there was one main dance floor, one off to the side, and an upstairs area suitable for some restricted dancing but mostly standing. This is a cool place if you're into EDM music,  enjoy being stripped of your personal bubble, and like rubbing elbows and eardrums with the young and beautiful. IDK, would I go back?  I think I'm past my prime and my bedtime.
2	Hakkasan in the English language actually translates to, "Billion-Mile-Walk-Through-Casino" or something along the lines of that. Now I don't have a problem walking to where I need to get to when I'm in Vegas, mainly because you can have a drink in your hand the whole time. But if you've got women in your group with you, those heels begin to betray their owners after a quarter mile because let's be honest, looking sexy comes with a price with those heels.The nightclub itself is a very, very nice venue. The interior is sweet, the lights and lasers that have made non-EDM acts at Coachella look like crap are all there as well complete with massive confetti and cold air blasts. My only gripe with Vegas is the lack of dance floor at the several nightclubs this city has to offer. When I go to a nightclub, I want to boogie, not blow thousands of dollars to have people stare at me while I get presented bottles (I would recommend bottle service to those who haven't tried it, it's just something you've got to experience at least once. There's nothing wrong with stroking your ego once in a while to make you feel awesome, just be polite about it). Now because this place is the new, hot venue in Vegas with the exception of Drai's reopening, everybody and their mommas and her church friends want to go to Hakkasan. They spend millions of dollars on a massive marketing campaign to display their roster to the public, and their talent is pretty top notch with some heavy hitters (Calvin Harris, A&B, Hardwell, Tiesto). With this, also comes about a 25-33 percent increase in prices all-around from drinks to entry. If you're going to complain about Vegas having 20 dollar drinks, than you probably should've never gone in the first place honestly. This place isn't cheap, they expect you to drop hundreds if you don't have a booth, and you might even have to fork over a couple hundred just to get in if you didn't get a pre-sale ticket or arrive with a small army of girls.The reason they got 2 stars is because this nightclub has a miniscule-sized dance floor, booths that dominate the views of the DJ booth, and beyond that, you're just kind of shafted because you've spent a couple hundred to get in and have a drink in your hand. You have no views of the DJ you came to see, even worse, the view is just of people celebrating at their tables. IF you're getting table service, this venue is awesome. IF you're just visiting, make plans for another place because it fails hard. Nobody enjoys leaving Vegas with a bad taste in your mouth. Get your mind out the gutter folks.
2	Huge line even though we were on the guest list, not worth the wait. Once we got inside it was so packed (well the first floor) we couldn't even get to the dance floor with how full it was. Upstairs was ok but just edm  music gets boring. Doubt I'll be going back to this club again.
1	Never have been so disappointed in a bar/club/venue in my life. I spoke with a member of the Hakkasan staff, named Josh Karate, Friday afternoon, to ask about how to purchase pre-sale tickets for Steve Aoki the next night. After talking for a few minutes, he added my friend and I to the staff guest list and we were told to come around 10:15 and we'd get right in, free admission for me, and reduced for my friend. WRONG. We got there at 10, spoke with a security guard who said, "Sorry, staff guest list is the same as promoters. One line.Get to the back" which was well over 1,000 people long, out the door to the casino and around the building. The "guest list" line was longer than general admission! The problem is that they hire promoters to stand on the street and put everyone and their mom on the guest list. We waited for two hours only to move a few feet and eventually leave. After planning my trip to Vegas around seeing Steve Aoki, I could not have been more disappointed to not even see the club. Hakkasan should teach their employees not to lie to customers simply so they look to be the most popular club in Vegas. I wouldn't recommend ANYONE spend a DIME here.
5	I wrote a bad review in the past for Hakkasan but recently went back and witnessed a huge improvement! I now love and support this nightclub. Very fun environment, they do not let too many people in to the point where you cannot walk like XS does. Bartenders are very friendly and totally love their job, respectable hard working people run this club. Highly recommend! On a side note, be aware that this club has different levels and many stair cases.
1	I can sum it up in 1 word-Horrible. First floor is tiny! Drinks are crazy expensive and not very good. The guest list is a joke! They made us wait an hour outside for no reason. Music was decent and the atmosphere was borderline douch-y but ok if mind your own. There are too many good places on the strip to go back to this place...
3	Been to nightclubs and festivals all over the world, including Ibiza. This place has the tiniest dance floor ever and is nearly impossible to maneuver through. The only thing that was a saving grace one time was that my girlfriends promoter set us up at a table by Tiesto and no douche bags were allowed. Great line up of djs, and the bottle service girls are very friendly. Just wish it would accommodate more people.  XS and marquee win.
3	Hakkasan is located inside the MGM grand. I was on the GL so we went to the GL line and it was free before 1am, so we had to hurry our asses there! We made it & it was free, thank god! Anywayyys, bouncers were nice and they made our transition inside the club pretty smoothly. Once we got in, I immediately noticed how SMALL it was. The dancefloor was sooooo tiny! :( When I finally made my way over, I could barely move/dance. It was literally body to body ... and this was on a day where there's NO ONE famous dj-ing! So imagine how bad the crowd would get if Tiesto or Hardwell was up there .... I wouldn't wanna be there! But that's all I can really say because I got super messed up and I can't remember anything else. Only that I couldn't dance at all because there was no room and the parts where it's kinda open, the security made you move :(
1	They pack this club way too tight to make it possible to have fun. Couldn't move once I got in. Far to packed to have any fun near the DJ. Too small of a dance floor for the amount of people they allow in. Cool to see a first time, but would never return. Unless you are buying a table for thousands of dollars, I don't see how you could enjoy this.
2	Hakkasan, your DJs and your venue is what makes this club. Otherwise, I prefer everywhere else other than here.The venue is beautiful. Although it is troublesome (all those damn stairs), that dome like roofish top with all those lights make the venue pretty awesome to check out. There is a hip hop lounge called the ling ling room if EDM isn't your thing. There's also occasionally the hip hop lounge open which is a bit more chill if you wanna be away from the craziness. FYI drinks costs an arm and a leg. I think it costs more than Light and XS!But my main hate for this club isn't any of those things. As I do like the venue and I do like the DJ. I'm even very fond of my host...It really just takes ONE guy. And that one guy is the same guy me and my friends always deal with. Its the guy that works the table line and checks you in for your tables. YES, THAT GUY. He has no order, he just lets his friends in and then makes everyone else wait HOURS. I get it, if i'm late an hour or 30 mins to claim my table, sure i'll wait an hour, my fault. But are you freaking kidding me!? When we're there 30 mins early... and you still make us wait an hour!?!? There's plenty more stories I can put up, but then you'll see 5 more paragraphs of my angry rantings.
4	Best sound and scene in Vegas right now. Crowd control needs to be better and let in better "talent".
1	The worse nightclub I've ever been to that I had to write a review for. Unless you buy bottle service or on the cramped dance floor, you will not have a view of the DJ anywhere you are. I understand they're running a business, but charging $9 for water is ridiculous. You aren't even allowed tap water. I'd recommend not coming here unless you buy bottle service because this nightclub is inferior compared to many of the other options on the strip.
1	This is what I emailed to the management of Hakkasan. No response......----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Subject: Hakkasan: Pursuit of HapinessDear gatekeeper to my happiness, I was visiting Las Vegas for the Labor Day weekend, and came to your club Hakkasan on Saturday night to see one of my favorite DJ's, Calvin Harris. My excitement was soon tarnished by the misfortune of being targeted in what appeared to be a series of professional iPhone thefts (don't worry I followed Fergie's wisdom, "Big Girls Don't Cry"). Around 12:30am, I realized the zippers on my purse had all been masterfully unzipped without my noticing. I have luckily managed to travel through some of most dangerous pick pocket areas in the world (looking at you, Barcelona) without ever having a theft before, so I know that I was not simply being careless. This craft was so ingeniously perfected that I wouldn't doubt the theft ring includes Calvin, with the thieves planning to target people when Calvin says to the audience, "Put your hands up!". (Just kidding Calvin, let's be friends). Luckily, I'm a very "what goes around, comes around" type of person and was able to enjoy the rest of the night to the best of my abilities (minus the creep that decided face-touching was appropriate stranger behavior). After all, this situation was not life or death, and the kind thief managed to leave my ID so I could still get into clubs the next days. I thought that was very thoughtful of him/her! I also am not one of the many people trashing your club on Yelp for this disaster. Everyone deserves a fair chance to make recompense, right? That's me putting good Karma vibes your way. Everyone I spoke with (Las Vegas Police and your nice bouncer staff) on the way out of the club informed me of your contact details so that I could share my story, and hope that your desire for good Karma would be enough to help compensate me for the situation. My contact details are below and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon, friend. Kind regards,P.S. Buying a phone out out of contract is a buzz kill, right?
1	I had the worst experience here ever. Prior to attending we spoke with Rob Chu originally from New York and he invited us to be on our way. We got there and spoke to Rob on the phone and he instructed us where to go in line. We waited in line and spoke to a bald African American man and he said he called Rob, we then waited for 3 hours and Rob comes out then tells us we can't get in because they won't let anyone in after 12 am. DO NOT GO TO THIS CLUB AFTER 12AM on Sundays BECAUSE ROB CHU informed us that they don't let anyone in after 12AM
1	Be prepared to take 3 ID's and a credit card with you because apparently these guys don't know how to identify their customers. We waited for almost an hour because 4 bouncers kept on insisting that my friends ID wasn't hers even after she answered their questions and showed them her credit card which by the way had another picture of her.So after that whole unnecessary ordeal (the guy was just being a douche) we went to another club and guess what, we got in. Been to the majority of the clubs here in Vegas and never has this happened. All I can say is the staff here better get their heads out of their a** and realize people aren't going to look exactly the same on their license, especially after it was taken 4 years ago.
1	The bouncer with the Mohawk cornered me and harassed me last night. I was sober, he wouldn't let me walk by... He let tons of guys and other people walk by and he held me there for over 10 minutes. Everytime I tried to move he would grab me and tell me not to struggle. I had to run to get away from him and he chased after me until I found another bouncer who helped me and got him away from me. I was in tears, it was a horrible experience. I have never been treated this way. I am filing a report right now. Beware..
4	Lol lots of hate at this club in the reviews. To be honest, if you embrace how Vegas works, there's nothing too out of the ordinary about Hakkasan. It's not your usual city club. I've had more trouble trying to get into a club in Houston than in Vegas. Play by the rules and you'll be FINE. Gentlemen: wear leather shows, slacks, or nice jeans (darker the better), and something with a collar whether its a shirt or a blazer. You have to look the part and you won't get denied. Remember they're trying to promote "upscale, trendy, nightlife" not "#brolife" Ladies, you have so much freedom with what you can wear so I don't think I need to comment on it. As for drinks, hell yeah they're going to be expensive! It's VEGAS. A red bull costs 6 bucks from my hotel and a mini bottle of goose (50mL) costs $12. So it's gonna be pretty bad when you're trying to buy drinks at a club. We were pleasantly surprised with a round was only $72 (3 Long Islands and a Patron shot).Now on to playing the game, the dance floor is reserved for VIPs, people picked by promoters, or people who have money for the bouncers. If you are none of these three then you can't get to the dance floor. Bam, hang out on the decks. Lol it's actually nicer there I think. We were on the main dance floor and it got pretty balmy pretty quickly. I was praying for the CO2 jets which weren't coming soon enough.Anyway, embrace Vegas. This is how it is at every club (unless you go to the smaller ones that aren't packed to the brim) so don't think Hakkasan is completely evil. I had a blast and would definitely come back.
4	We arrived early expecting a long guest list line and we were right.  The line was long but it moved unlike some other clubs.  Half of my party had to drop out of the line due to too much sun at the MGM pool.  We arrived in the club about midnight and it was already packed.  It was kind of hard to move around and the bars were about 2-3 people deep.   Beers are ten dollars each, holly cow, but thats about he price at most of the mega clubs.  So why the 4 stars?  Once your in,  if you want to be in the crowd you can easily be there.  If you want to stand out of the way a bit, there are places for you, just explore the club a bit.  The dance floor, VIP areas and DJ booth are all controlled pretty well by the staff.  The best part of the club though is the energy and the music.  If you like EDM and high energy dance music this is the place.  If you keep up on the latest mixed and beats you are sure to hear lots of it here.  My only recommendations would be to make the club larger and or have it open more nights of the week.  Although I was ok with the crowded club I am sure there were lots of people who waited in line much longer than me to get in.  An hour or two in a vegas line is a lot of time when most people are only there a couple of nights.
1	I wish I could rate this place with 0 stars. Came here to see Hardwell and W&W for EDC week. My host put me under a guestlist and said to come by 10 because we had a group of guys. The rate they told us was $75 for males and 0 cover charge for the ladies. We got there before 10, and asked the guys with the suits with the mini ipads about the rates and they had said the same. fast foward 2 hours and we finally reach the front of the line to only be told  guys were $170 and ladies were $66. ....are you serious? We could've just bought tickets, but the host personally said that he would put us on guest list and we would be able to get in with no problem. Anyways, we were trying to make a decision to pay the fee or not, another guy in a suit with the ipad in his hand shoved us out of the line yelling, "step off the line if you're not paying". Uh, hello. You clearly see us discussing if we want to pay or not. Not even a half second later, the same guy grabbed me and threw me off the line telling us off. Where is the professionalism? TRAIN YOUR STAFF PLEASE.After what I went through with the staff,  I don't think I will ever come here again.
1	There is a reason this venue has only 3 stars.  The door guy, Brad Stiles, made it apparent to my girlfriend in table reservations that he was going to ignore her.  We had a reservation under his name from another host that is very prominent in Las Vegas.  He left us out for 2 hrs, then said sorry for giving away our table and to blame our host. Then he said he will give us free drink tickets... Uh no thank you. You gave away our table on purpose!!! We waited patiently and he blatantly ignored us.  He was a D*ck.
4	Not going to lie, this club pretty much exceeded my expectations on clubbing for the first time in Vegas. We showed up a bit late but didn't have to wait in line for very long. Before we could even pitch about knowing so and so to get on the guestlist, the manager handed us the slip to get in. Which makes me lol of how shallow these Vegas clubs are but I'm not complaining. Nervo was playing & they were awesome! It was too jammed packed so we had to go downstairs where they were playing hip hop to find a bar. The cost of alcohol is ridiculous!! $35 for two shots of vodka?! But I guess that's Vegas for ya! The music at both levels were pretty good, the atmosphere, everyone was having a blast! Two thumbs up from me for this club
1	This club is the worst club we have ever been to. My sister got her phone stolen and the security and bouncers here seriously have no idea what is going on. Nobody knows where security is, nobody knows where lost and found is. This was one of the most frustrating experiences ever. I heard many people have lost or have had their phones stolen here before and now my sister has experienced this herself. Do not go here unless you want your stuff stolen.
1	Went to this club on a Thursday night because my cousin got us om the guestlist.We got there at 945 but we didnt go in till 1040, which I notice the guestlist line is also combine with general.admission, so dont expect to go in right away.Went in yo the first dance floor which they play house music, the dance floor wasnt big at all for a well known club.The second dance floor wasnt even a dance floor, it was mostly lounges for ppl that are getting bottleservice. Ur pretty much dancing in a small aisle with ppl consistently pushing u trying to get thru.Both DJs were horrible, I had high expectation for this club...I had check out Drais (Cromwell hotel) the Saturday before, no long lines, big dance floor outside patio with awesome view. Go to drais!!I will definitely not recommend hakkasan to anyone.
3	Came to Hakkasan and see NERVO the other night and had a blast! Unfortunately these bouncers think they're better than everyone and play Mr. Macho; hope karma bites them in the ass. Thankfully there was this one bouncer, Sean Maguire (aka the tall guy with the mohawk)  who was seriously one of the coolest most down to earth bouncers I've ever met. I greatly appreciated his kindness when I wanted to go to the front of the DJ booth to take a couple pictures. People should learn from him.
1	Last night my friend and I went to Hakkasan at yhe MGM where we were also staying as guests.  We definitely were not treated as guests by any means at Hakkasan.  We paid one if the employees $2500 cash at front of line to get a table.  After being seated at table,  we were approached by a waitress who asked us why we were at the table we were escorted to. Then security came up and said we were at the wrong table and no other tales were available.  They basically kicked us out of seating area.  Then security said the most we can do is get you some comped drinks while we figure this out. They said "wait right here" and then NEVER came back. We tried finding this security guy the entire second half of night and couldnt it was so crowded. We lost $2500!!! and were shunned aside like garbage. Nice..... completely ruined our nite and rest of weekend.
1	Visited hakkasan recently to see dj tiesto.  I have been to lots of Vegas night clubs and was initially very excited about this place.  Then a couple of things happened.  I won't focus on the standard super long lines or the $17 well rum and cokes I bought.  Or the fact that like many others here my friends cell phone was stolen.I'm more interested in the things at this club that can cause danger to life and limb.1.  They would not serve tap water at the bars.  We were told we would need to buy $9 bottled water.  I told them my friend was ill and they still would not serve it.  So we left the club (knowing we would not get back in - no re-entry).  I was able to get a glass of tap water at centrifuge across the way - when I asked for a second one some manager said "while hakkasan is open we can't serve tap".  This I extremely dangerous in a setting where there is an obligation to stay in the club given the no reentry policies in the setting of capacity overload.  There were no obvious water fountains as well. I'm currently reviewing the state statutes regarding the serving of water in restaurants and bars in Nevada and will addend this review for those who are interested.2.  The club was way way over capacity.  This is more dangerous because this club is very poorly designed.  The dance floor especially on the main stage on floor 4 is difficult to access safely and the way the club is designed there is no question in a fire or emergency people would get trampled and die.  It's like a maze, and there are a wall of booths between the bars and the dance floor with only a few winding ramps down to dance floor on the sides of the booths.  With so few access points people get shoved.  When my friend was not feeling well I tried to exit the nearest stairwell near one of the winding ramps with an emergency exit sign, I even told the bouncer at that stairwell it was an emergency and we were leaving and he forced us to navigate through the over capacity club to the main stairwell.  Im considering emailing the fire Marshall at sfm@dps.state.nv.usYou might consider it too. I love Vegas clubs but none is worth losing a life over.
5	Absolutely love this place! Went in March!  This was my first time there.Tiesto was there and it was nothing less than amazing! Music was great with different rooms to choose from with hip hop and house. The VIP booths are Large and Have a ton of security which is great. The bartenders were super friendly and make great drinks. We didn't have to wait in line which was awesome since the line was a million people long. Most everyone was dressed to impress with some exceptions. This place was one of the highlights of the trip! I recommend experiencing this place if your going to Vegas, It will probably be one of your most memorable nights to say the least!
1	Don't believe any promoter who is trying to get you in for a cheaper price because there's no way this club will get you in for that price. Read other reviews and you will see similar experiences occur. We came to see a night Steve Aoki was playing and the promotor said it would be $40 for guys and girls in for free. The line was ridiculously long this night. When we finally got to the people with iPads they told us the same 40 for guys and girls free. So we were like cool that sounds good but once we got to the booth they said guys 125 and girls free . We had to pay since we got to the booth around midnight and it was to late to go elsewhere .overall don't believe any promoters cuz at the booth they make u pay another amount !
5	Saw Calvin Harris on Friday night and Tiesto on Saturday at Hakkasan Nightclub at the MGM this past weekend. I bought my tickets online from the website Las Vegas EDM Event Calendar. The order was processed by WantTickets.com. I was so glad I got the tickets in advance. Why? Because apparently if you pay for them in advance vs. just having them waiting for you at Will-Call  you can bypass 99% of the people in line. We walked up each night to see 100's of people waiting in lines for VIP, Will-Call, Guests, etc. and we walked right passed them and into the club. The club is like a cavernous maze covering multiple floors. There are elevators and ramps inside, but stairs are everywhere. The main floor where the DJ is is one level and then you go up to a Pavillion and there is a club in side a club up there. Anyway, you can just wander around until you find a spot that suits your mood. Unless you get table service you'll be standing - same as most clubs. We opted to stand, not worth table service unless you have a good group or have lots of cash to burn. As far as the patrons, there was a mix of age groups each night but skewed south of 40 with a heavy concentration of mid-20's to mid-30's. For reference we are 44 & 49. Like any EDM club, the place is packed, loud and filled with heavy partying. The bar is 4 and 5 deep it may take a while to get a drink sometimes. We had a great time. http://electronic-vegas.com/vegas-edm-event-calendar/https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10203891810597249&set=a.10203864061223532.1073741886.1280702242&type=1&theater
1	Hakkasan sucks. Over crowded, over hyped, extremely expensive and u don't get what u pay for...... The ONLY good thing they have going for them is that tiesto is resident dj there. They should have kept the Lions instead.
4	I've never had a bad experience here, and never waited more than 20 min on any given night to get in. If you take the time to meet the right people you will never pay cover and get awesome perks. The only gripe I do have is sometimes re-entry could stop due to capacity.
3	we got comped admission due to dining at their restaurant. we got escorted up from the restaurant through the secret hallways. very Swingers/Goodfellas like. up a couple flights and we're in the Ling Ling club. apparently, this was the Hip Hop older brother of the upstairs, EDM room.  nice lounge chairs and easy bar service downstairs. upstairs was very concert hall like, with a sunken stage area for the dance floor. didn't spend too much time up there. it was pretty quiet too, till about midnight30. they did have more bathrooms upstairs instead of the unisex single use downstairs. oh, and good luck trying to fcuk in those things with all the security/attendants around. lots of stairs to traverse reminds me of Chichen Itza. music was ok, in both rooms. vibe was ok too. lots of young people obviously. dress code seemed medium dressy. my buddy and i had jeans with dress shoes and collared shirts. security was quite friendly and accomodating. even when they kicked us off our table for people that had paid for them. it was about time for us to leave at that point anyway. overall, we had an ok time. probably wont be back just because nothing stood out for us.
4	Dope club in Vegas had a really awesome time with friends awesome dj's , drinks were a little pricey but all in all had a wonderful experience bartenders were super nice great service!
1	A more detailed review will follow. But needless to say, I was very disappointed... From the ultra long "VIP Guest List" line, to the overpriced drinks, and utterly dark club that does NOT enforce a dress code - this was not as expected... I was really looking forward to having a good experience here.
5	Last minute decision to go clubbing on a saturday-monday trip, went to XS on saturday and didn't want to go back, so we decided to hit up Hakkasan for W&W after a friend said we would like that kind of music.  Bought tickets day of for $30 / guy while girls got in with a guest list.  The three of us showed up at around 10:30 and promptly got into the club.  Granted, at 10:30 it's literally only guys.  Seemed kind of sad at the time.. the DJ's doing his thing but the dance floor is empty.This was the second time I've been to Hakkasan, and I didn't much like it the first time, mostly because there's no outdoor area in this club.  This past weekend however, that was exactly what I was looking for, after deadmau5 at XS.  The outdoor areas at XS during summer are ridiculously hot... so that pushed me towards Hakkasan personally.  If it's gonna be crowded and suffocating, at least let there be some A/C.Anyway the whole thing turned out to be a lot of fun.  Though all the drops sounded similar, W&W turned out to be a pleasant surprise (much like Sultan and Ned Shepard were, if you read my other reviews.  Yelp is turning out to be a vegas blog for me..)Didn't have to pay for a single drink (which I still feel pretty guilty about), so I can't comment on the price.  One thing I will say about Hakkasan though is that the girls they have dancing on the sides really make the experience a lot more fun.  No, not the ones with the crazy lights all over their bodies (those are cool too) but the ones I'm sure they put there next to the DJs at those tables.  Every single one of them was attractive, and there were no guys at those tables.  I mean yeah, MAYBE it could have happened that a group of girls get a table next to the DJ (for like what, 10k+?) but come on.  really, come on.
1	This club was awful. I was set up for my 21st birthday. He set is up at light the night before and it was amazing. Not even comparable to light. I will never go back and never recommend it. Before this experience MGM was my favorite hotel and I can say that changed my opinion of the entire hotel.
2	My friends and I go to Vegas just to party like every other month so we know the nightlife scene drill pretty much. Hakkasan is a beautiful club, music is awesome and they always bring the best DJs Calvin Harris, Tiesto etc...BUT the promoters of this place is terrible. Not once but 3 times my friends and I have had incidents with these douche bag promoters. Don't tell us you have us on your list then we end up not being on there like just tell us so we don't waste time waiting in the 3 mile line. Like I said beautiful club but the promoting team needs Jesus or maybe just some client/customer training. Will probably never go back unless someone special is there.
2	I have mixed feelings about this nightclub.On the one hand it is definitely a classy, sought after entertainment venue for Vegas' young and beautiful- regularly hosting some of the world's best DJ's. The interior of the club is pretty spectacular, definitely a visual feast plus the music is good (if you're into that sort of thing) and everyone seems to be there to have a fun time.On the other- the staff, especially the security guards outside the club, are very arrogant/snobby and don't really make the experience of getting into the place a pleasant one. The prices are high if you are male OR in a group of predominately males and the dress code for them is so strict it is borderline ridiculous (but only for some if you get my meaning).The club itself is packed to the rafters so if you don't have a VIP booth you will struggle to find space to breathe, let alone party. If you can afford it OR you can get a hook up I highly suggest getting one- you will seriously regret it if you don't.The one redeeming feature was a lovely security guard inside the venue who helped me lock and erase my phone from his when I realised it had been stolen by a fellow patron.Hakkasan is fun but I wouldn't be in a hurry to go again mainly because I like breathing and not having bouncers look down their nose at myself or my partner.
3	So went to Hakkasan the Sunday of EDC. Sold my Sunday pass since EDC was just too much for me this year. 8th year going and that event just got too ratchet. Regardless, Calvin Harris was spinning this night and we got on the list for VIP line. We were in within 30 min. No problem. Once inside, you entire the club and it feels like an underground cave at first. I forgot who opened, but the DJ did a great job opening up. The dance floor is beyond crazy small that you will not enjoy being in there. I found a great spot on the side and even by the ramp. Calvin absolutely killed it this night! Talked to really cool people there. Not one rude person I encountered. Security was super chill with my friends and I. Drinks are EXPENSIVE! You've been warned. Especially $9 for for a water bottle that is the size of my pinky. Sound and lighting are top notch! Leaving the place as a hot mess was not fun. I feel bad for you ladies. There are stairs and I mean a lot of them so be careful! Would I go there again? Yes but I would first see who is playing at XS, Marquee or Drais first as I would gladly pick anyone of them over Hakkasan.
1	Went here on a Friday night to see Tiesto. Bouncers were the biggest d'bags that I've ever encountered. Drinks are super expensive and there isn't enough room to stand anywhere. Bouncers constantly push you around and don't let you hangout anywhere. Only way that I would ever go back to this club is if I was doing bottle service just to get a little space;  and even then, I'd pick a better club; XS at Wynn. Do yourself a favor and spend way less for a better  club and have yourself a lot more fun. XS isn't rated number 1 in Vegas for the hell of it; it really is. Saw Zedd at XS. 100% better experience.
5	Hakasma was awesome!!! Five levels of dancing fun.. Edm, Hiphop, Private Level and then lounge!! The best of all worlds.. The lines are redick!' To get in, get on a list, buy a bottle but don't just show up thinking you will walk right in, it won't happen.
1	Came here to see Tiesto on a Friday night.  Place was beyond capacity - i'm talking at least 500 people over what should have been allowed to go in.  Paid $85 for a ticket with a disclaimer that said, "Guaranteed entrance before 11 p.m.".  Tiesto didn't play until 2:30 a.m.  I'm paying $85 for a ticket.  The least they can do is reserve a spot for people who paid money in advanced. (I am aware that this is a growing trend among clubs...which is total bullshit!!!)Anyways, got in, realized it was way too crowded (to the point where you are almost touching hands with whoever is next to you), and walked towards the back of the club.  Even though it was a little bit better, these spots were right behind the bottle service tables.  The people who had bottle service stood on their seating area (totally reasonable as they paid for it), making it impossible for anyone near the back to see the main stage.  Overall, pretty terrible experience as far as how the place was set up.  The sound systems weren't set up well and the sounds were piercing at times.  Visual effects were extremely mediocre. 8oz bottle of water (half of your normal water bottle) was $9. 1 star for Tiesto.
3	This club is okay. The group I came with had guest list so we didn't end up waiting too long to get in (helps that it was all girls) dance floor is fairly small however. I came here on Calvin Harris night. I love Calvin! Anyways, I asked a security guard around me for the restroom and I have no idea how or why I ended up outside of the club! LOL I couldn't get back in! I wasn't mad though. I went to the bar across and made friends! But just a little heads up for everyone! Keep your eyes open for the restroom or you WILL end up outside!However! I did have a blast that night! I didn't realize the club was huge!!
3	I went to Hakkasan for Tiesto on a Thursday night.  We got to MGM around 11pm and the line was too long.  Which is the norm for the mega clubs in LV.  Luckily, we got in with VIP guest list.  I've been to Hakkasan twice.  Once in the winter and there was plenty of room.  Again, in the middle of July.  The place was insanely overcrowded.  I'm not a fan of the layout.  It's all indoors unlike XS and Surrender.  So all the smoke accumulates.  The layout did not allow an efficient flow of traffic.  Also, beware of the security guards at both ends of the dance floor.  Once, the dance floor is flooded, they won't allow party goers in.  One of my party wore a t shirt and got in...  I would suggest wearing a dress shirt for guys tho.  Before you come here though, ask yourself do you want to be inside all night long or do you want a venue with an indoor area and pools?  I rather go with the latter.
1	I echo a lot of reviewer's thoughts on this place - I'd rather suck a hobo's toes than ever set foot here again.My fantastic night started with my promoter chatting with my girlfriend and I on the strip. "Did you know that Hakkasan is the number 10 nightclub in the world?"Why no I did not. "Would you like free entry?" Well sure, but I'm with a big group- 12 girls 11 guys. "Oh even better! Just give me your names and I'll handle everything! You'll get right in for free!"What a great deal, promoter guy!Fast forward 9 hours later, and there is a clusterfuck of EPIC proportions in front the club. I'm directed to wait outside of the goddamn casino next to a Starbucks with my entire group and wait 50 minutes in the 90 degree heat in my suit. Which to be fair to the club and promoter, is the EXACT FUCKING OPPOSITE of the experience I was promised. In their generosity, the club made me two wonderful offers: 1. We'll take all of your girls and you guys can wait outside in this exclusive Starbucks line for another hour. 2. You guys can pay us 100 bucks each to get in. The bouncers were generally clueless assholes and after half heartedly venturing into the club,  we eventually left and went to the midget bar (Beecher's) and it was awesome. I hope everyone involved with this club gets scabies.
1	Jesse Marco? Main Act? 30 bucks? Honestly? Who contracted this guy? Worst DJ ever..."la la la"..."party people"..."la la la". Get style Mr. Marco!
1	So pissed of what turned out last night never had a problem here at all! The damn security kicked me out for getting a cigarette burn on me because I went to complain -about a drunk person there. I don't even want to give a star.
4	Best nights are Thursday and Sunday, not too packed, good deals on entry fees :) fri and sat is packed always but that's what happens when there's such a stacked line up. Id rather go to a packed club than an empty one anywaysss. Hip hop room down stairs is always poppin too:) get drinks in the lounge downstairs if you want a relief from the crowded bars in the main room
1	If I could give zero stars I would! Aside from the normal gender discrimination practiced here they also discriminate by ethnicity.  We saw as they pulled every white girl out of the line leaving people of color to wait. Then an Asian girl celebrating her 21st birthday was put in tears by the bouncer when she had a ticket, reservation, and table number. As she was waiting many Caucasian girls were let in. Not to mention the guys that were treated like second class citizens. This place feels like the racist, segregated south.
1	This is not a club it's more of an over packed corral of human beings. I came to dance, not be caned like sardines in a can that can only hop in place. This was my first time ever going to a club and it was a joke. One star just for music, it's not worth just hopping in place. Did I mention the pushing and shoving?
4	So...I didn't have to stand and wait in line, luckily my husband and I got walked in.We arrived early enough to walk around, dance without a crowd and see each room.But when Calvin Harris started playing it was just way too crowded!Stayed about 30 min to watch but got sick of the crowd.Bumper to bumper.Drinks spilling everywhere.Beezies stopping to fix shoes in the middle of stairs.Looked fun for the people who had tables! Next time...
4	So we went there friday night and the line was so long and the moment we got there it was packed and we had fun
1	We were not allowed in because they said my friend didn't look like her ID because she changed her hair color. It's a real ID. Got ready, planned this months in advance, they made a little girl cry on her 21st birthday saying she is not who she is. Her legal driver's license ID is good enough for TSA, but not good enough for Hakkasan? Bullsh*t!
1	I was in vegas a few nights ago and decided to try hakkasan. One of my friends knew someone who could supposedly get us in.  We got there and walked right up to the front.  I showed the guy at the door my ID which I should mention is of me about 4 years ago before I colored my hair.  I'm also from hawaii so obviously they questioned it because of the horrible superbad movie ID. The first guy asked me for another form of ID and all I had was my debit card, but I told him that I had my school and state ID in my room. After handing my ID to about 4 different guys they decided to ask me questions. They asked when my birthday was, what year I graduated from high school, how old I was when I graduated from high school, and my address.  Obviously I answered every question correctly...because it really was me.  Then they handed me my ID and said "we can't help you". I spent so much money to come to vegas for my 21st birthday and this was such a disappointment.  I spent so much money staying at the MGM with drinking eating and gambling, how could I not get in. Hakkasan was so unprofessional I don't recomend anyone going there. Take your money elsewhere, you'll have a much better time.
5	So I only went to one nightclub while in Vegas but I really think Hakkasan is the best.  I came here on a Thursday and a Saturday night.  First thing you need to know about clubbing in Vegas is that you shouldn't have to pay for tickets in advance and you don't need to pay cover in most cases.  For events that are very popular or some big name DJs then you may have to pay.  When clubbing in Vegas you need to know about using promoters to get on guest lists and get the best deal.  You can find promoters through social media, internet search or on the strip handing out business cards.  These promoters will get you on "guest lists" and in some cases limo service and VIP service.  Try and connect with the best promoters to get the best deals.  The first thing you want to do is show up early.  If you are just a regular off the street the line for Hakkasan will get long early.  When I say early I'm talking around 10 pm before the club even opens kind of time.  Any later you will find yourself in the "guest list" line for up to a hour and a half.  While waiting in this long line you may notice some people being picked from the line you are waiting in and taken to the front of another line.  If you pay attention you will realize why these people are selected to cut to the front of the line.  Promoters will hand pick the top of the line guests making you feel judged during the entire process as everyone is dressed to impress.  The Hakkasan staff does a great job of managing this line with plenty of hands on deck taking down people on the guest list with iPads.  They also have other people checking IDs and stamping your wrist for approval.  Once you do make it to the door you will be check again and sent through to the payment counter inside. Here you will hand them the pink slip that was given to you by the people who checked you in with the iPad.  If you are a MGM guest you shouldn't have to pay to get in.  Guest list also didn't require cover for us.  I'm not sure of the rules and regulations night by night but if you play your cards right you shouldn't have to pay to get in.  Once you are in you can either wait to take the elevator up or simply take the stairs.  There are a lot of stairs and you will realize this on your way out when you have to stumble down these flights after a night of dancing and drinking.  The middle level is the Ling Ling club.  This area is hip hop with booths in the middle and bars on the ends.  If you continue up to the next level you will find the main stage area of Hakkasan.  There is really no bad seat in the house.  When I say seat I mean standing/dancing spot unless you have VIP table service.  You enter directly in front of the DJ booth with stadium style set up with VIP tables on the main floor and on the second level.  There is a pit area right in front of the DJ booth for anyone to come down and dance and feel the smoke machines hit them right in the face.  In both areas patrons are not discouraged from standing on their booth dividers or couches and dancing.Drinks here are extremely expensive but I feel like everything in Vegas is.  For a weekend away I feel like you have to take this into consideration and really just let loose.  The lady and I had a Bellini and a 16 oz Bud light for $40 including tip.  At this price getting shots, mixed drinks, or even bottle service would serve as a more attractive option for party goers.  Hakkasan is very clean and much like the staff outside I applaud the staff in the club.  They work on keeping high traffic areas clear of people standing and they are always clearing drinks and keeping the floor clean of any spills.  It is really a controlled experience in what usually or can be an out of control club life.  The featured DJ set usually comes on around the 1 o'clock hour.  It really is the best club experience I have ever had.  I look forward to coming back and perhaps spending a little more on drinks during my next visit.
4	Most of our trips to Vegas include the usuals such as xs, marquee, tryst....but we added HK during our most recent trip to see Tiesto. Let me give you all a big hint, you will not get in easily even if you are on a promoter guest list. The line was literally outside of the hotel. So best thing to do is to have table service (which is over $5000 a night) OR just buy a ticket to get in. Lucky for us the manager got us in quick and hassle free. The dance floor was packed at first, but become more spacious when T came on. The rest was history and we had a wonderful time. After his set we went down to the third floor which was the "hip hop" level. I liked the music they had going but the crowd was very annoying which prompted us to leave early.
2	I planned a 40th birthday Vegas trip for a friend of mine and we planned on going to see Calvin Harris at Hakkasan on Sat. night. I worked with a VIP host to get a reservation for a table for 10 people (5 couples).  He told me to arrive early, we did, he said to speak with one of his fellow hosts to get in, we did.  What ensued, was the worst experience I have ever endured at a club.The area outside the club was a veritable zoo.  No clear lines, no clear signage of where to check in if you only had tickets, if you had nothing, and if you had a table.  I went to the side to speak with someone and he said he could not help me, but I needed to speak to the host.  It took me at least 45 min to get his attention (Greg I think). We spoke VERY briefly and I mentioned that we have a reservation for a table for 10 and he asked what our spend was. I told him it was $2k and he said to give him a minute.  He waled away for at least 30 minutes.  I grabbed him once again and asked what we need to do to get in. He said get in the other "line" which was more like an ocean of people. I asked if there was any other way and he hinted that it would take some greasing of his palm.  I collected what I thought was acceptable ($80) and offered it to him.  He looked down and asked, "what's that?" I said it was $80, he walked away.From there, I finally decided to bite the bullet and get in the "line".  After another hour or so of madness and watching others get in randomly, we decided to leave and go to XS.  What I learned from this experience, makes me pretty sick.  First, nothing is guaranteed, no matter how much money you are planning on spending. Two, if you plan on going to this club, be prepared to pay an extra $300-$500 to bribe the host to get you in.  Now, I am all for tipping, but when you are about to spend thousands of dollars at a table to have fun for a night, there should be no need to add a bribe to that.  I don't care if I sound naive or cheap, but that is complete BS.  People come to Vegas from all over the country and the world to experience Vegas nightlife.  If this is the norm, someone should at least tell the future guests that the only way to get in is to grease some palms with multiple Benjamins.Lastly, to clear up any questions, they were not even letting in groups of smoking hot women.  I am at a loss.LAME
1	Overcrowded!! No place to sit down unless you pay $$$$. Main stage super small for the amount of people in the club. Even to see a good dj is not worth the hand greasing, sardine like stage and waiting to get an overpriced cocktail!!
1	VIP means you have to Stand in line for 2 hours. I should know better, but dont trust a promoter, especially Shawn.
5	I remember talking to the security gaurd about this place and he convinced me to go in. So I did. paid $40, while everyone else didnt but whatever.Place was bumpin then 2 hours later people were hammered and everyone was dancing on the platforms or whatever you wanna call them. I had a long drive the next day so I left aroun 3:30am (wimpy I know). Then I realized I completely forgot about the hip hop floor to this place. So I never saw that. I just went and got more johnny rockets which was stupid too.
5	Let's be clear here - this is the nightclub by which to judge all other nightclubs.  Hakkasan is la creme de la creme, and if you like to party in Vegas, it's just an absolute must.For all the negative reviews here:1. Yes there may be a long ass line - buy tickets in advance or get in contact with a promoter before you get there.  I have no sympathy for freeloaders who complain about waiting.2.  It's crowded as F*CK - is this honestly a surprise to you?!  If you hate crowds go somewhere no one likes, or spring for the table and have your own roped off section.3.  I'm sorry you don't like house music? OK your review is irrelevant to me - have fun at 1OAK.OK - on to the good stuff:Hakkasan is B.E.A.UTIFUL!  The lights are amazing and I really love the hanging logos.  The layout is perfection, especially if you have a table.  There's no bad place to be in the club.  Yes it gets crowded, but the dance floor is so much bigger than places like Marquee or XS which is awesome.  If you want to see the worlds' top DJ's while you're in Vegas, Hakkasan is the place to do it.  Seriously, follow Tiesto on Snapchat - he loves Hakkasan!  I think it's also Aoki's favorite place to cake his fans.  Hakkasan is like a personal playground to these guys.  My goal is to see Above & Beyond there before the year's end.OK time to go book my next flight to Vegas...see you soon Dave N!
1	So f'n ridiculous. Spent a lot of money for two tickets to see Tiesto. This place is a fire hazard. No seating unless you buy bottle service. the downfall of that is there is NO SEATING anywhere else in the club. Since you cant sit you have to stand and since you have to stand they usher everyone to keep moving and not stand in one place. When I say it's literally shoulder to shoulder traffic jams of humans... the stairwells are clogged, the bars are usually 15-30 people deep waiting on slow ass bartenders... you'd think because it's vegas that they would be busy bartenders but they are slow as f@ck. You cant get to the dance floor because of human traffic jams, if you make it to the dancfloor it is just a mosh pit of people squeezed together so tight that your privates are touching each other and if one person moves then the entire crowd moves in waves. There were fist fights, drinks being thrown, If you buy a VIP table  they put the guys tables in the back of the club and you miss out, it's a complete sausagefest. They put skanks with bad hair extensions and fake boobs up front, complete white trash hoes.This place is a shit hole and I was going to reverse the charges on my credit card.. I rock out with the best in some of the best clubs in the world (Berlin, Paris, Los Angeles, New York) this is worst ran club with the worst crowd control and the worst layout and the worst people working there possible
1	Hakasan is racist as sad as it sounds tHEY  only want Americans that pay money and don't give a shit about the mistakes to take advantage of them! Guys be aware don't let that happen to you! If they take advantage of Russian imagine what they can DO TO  you!  I wrote to corporate and I called the cops nothing happened. Just be aware  Hakassan is full of shit and it doesnt matter for anything else in this world! They just plainly rip you off the money you pay for! Always remember, Hakasan is owned by Armenian owner and if they don't let you in that means Armenians are rasist. Don't fight it just let these fucking pieces of shits do what they want because that's the only thing  these pices of shits deserve!! Cause they set low life and the Max they can do is rip peope off!!!  I can give it 0 stars! The bouncers at the front are racist to the point where you come with YOUR boyfriend AND you can't get in. And not only that if you're Russian or Armenian they fuck with you. They don't  give a fuck want you did to get in so no matter what, that's the life at Hakasan which  is racist as sad as it sounds! Up to you! I hope they lose business.  and that's not because I hate them but because they don't deserve what they pay for!!!!!! They  are full of shit which is not worth your money !!!!
4	Really enjoy the club, the DJ's are some of the best in the world. THey play what i want to hear. The only bad thing is that it is just so darn crowded. The prices for the drinks are where all night clubs are. The "well" drinks are made with pretty decent alcohol, so no need to get the fancy liquor.
3	This club layout sucks ass but Calvin Harris was awesome.  All the newer clubs have an open concept.  If you are claustrophobic or afraid of stairs I would avoid this place.
1	OLD ASS LOOKING CLUB PLUS RUDE ASS PEOPLE.! That should alrdy sum up my experience here. First, the taxi dropped my gfs and I at the front entrance of MGM hotel. Which felt like it took us forever, walking to the damn club. It was like a freaking maze... A mouse finding it's way to the cheese.One of my gf accidentally bumped into these guys, they looked at her and said "watch where ure going b"*%*". RUDE!To sum up how pathetic this club was, first floor looks like a cage. Seems like everyone has to go in this cage to dance. Not my thing. Second floor was the worst! Someone spilled beer all over my back and Chanel bag. RUDE.Will I ever go here again, just for TIESTO? F%^* NO! I'll wait to see Tiesto at FREAKNIGHT in Seattle. Thank you very much!
2	First let's talk about rude! Most of the bouncers were rude. We went to see Calvin Harris the 26th of July. The guys in our group bought tickets we got on a guest list. We showed up at 8:45 and we were in line until 12 that's when the guys got fed up and went to get us. The birthday boy then proceeded to explain to the main security guy what happened who our promoter was ect ect. He wasn't having it. Finally he said if you pay for the girls they get in. Of course we all agreed went to the window to pay but we were already confirmed on the guest list and had the little paper and that got us in for free. In the club it was overcrowded. A guy next to our group went after one of our guys and ended up punching me instead. Security never showed up, but they did show up to hassle one of our guys about a cigar but the people next to us smoking weed received no such treatment. Finally! The group next to us left only to be replaced by a couple with no self respect! Kept putting their faces in each other's crotch. (Once again security no where to be found) Ultimately Calvin Harris was amazing! The beginning of the night though sucked!
1	This review is entirely based on my experience BEFORE even seeing the inside of the club.  Basically, super early into the evening, we found a promotor that put us on the VIP list to get in, (It was my best friends Bachelorette party) and he said that if we get in line by 9:30. we should be in by 10:15, because they open their doors at 10:00.  We got into line at 9!  And we were not that far back into the already pretty hefty line. 10PM  around and they are literally letting in about 2 people at a time, the line would move maybe a group of 5 every 20 or so minutes.  Basically we thought we were now at the front of the line, at 11PM, but turns out we were in line for ANOTHER line.  So just to get in the club we would have been waiting until close to midnight to get in, and WE WERE IN THE FRONT.  Overtime we left the line, called bull shit on the bouncers and hung out at other places, coming back two hours later only to see that the line was completely stretched across the entire casino.  Still barely moving.  I call complete bull shit.  I refuse to go into this club at this point ever unless someone personally walks me to the entrance doors.  WASTE OF THREE HOURS IN VEGAS!We actually ended up going to BEACHER'S MADHOUSE and only waited in line for about 10 minutes before we got it, and damnit, that club was so gawd damn fun, best club I think I've been to thus far, and the people running it were actually decent, non money hungry people. :)
1	Oh man lines are way too long and customer service is terrible.  They moved us around three different lines (even though we were on VIP guestlist) and took us three hours to get in. Dj line up is the best, but not worth the hassle.
1	Went to see Tiesto on August 7th-8th.1.) Long lines.2.) Oversold tickets. Like 500 at least.3.) Totally disorganized.4.) $80 ($30 for women, $50 for men)Breaking some fire code regulations for sure.Reversing charges on our credit card as we waited for over 3 hours and didn't even get in!!!SHEESH! I feel bad for bringing my girlfriend to such a crappy event!! I'm usually really good at picking these things out too.
5	Decent night club! Love the crowd here. Music, Bass, lightings are really good.
5	SO glad my boyfriend and I went to Hakkasan..definitely an experience we will never forget! TIP: find a promoter and get on the guest list! We used Chris Hornak..which was amazing! It will be VERY crowded. Even if you are on the guest list and you get there around 11 you will be in line for over 30 minutes. Hakkasan is the hottest club right now strictly because of their amazing DJs (Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Steve Aoki) and the DJs don't come on stage until around 1am usually. With that being said, its all EDM so don't be surprised if you aren't hearing the Top 40. As the night goes on it gets more and more crowded so you will be body to body with everyone but the energy is contagious!
3	By far the best part is the DJs they bring in here. All the best ones. After that, not much to talk about. Does take a while to get in and and seems more a scene than everyone being there for the music. The dance floor packs with the first DJ and never clears. If you cant get on the floor or into VIP you won't see much as everyone in VIP stands on the walls and prevents everyone else from seeing the show. Drink prices are ridiculous too. The staff is all over the place though keeping the place clean throughout the night and preventing fights.
3	alot older adults here clubbin like theyre in the late 20s...all actin' a fool here, but its vegas...its whatever here.  music is okay, and vibe is alright.
4	Awesome night club.  Will most likely Cindee back again next Vegas trip. Bar service was quick good music.  Glad they had two floors for hip-hop and Edm. Tiesto was playing when I went so tickets were 100$. Only thing that threw me off was someone taking a piss in the corner of the club.
1	1.) Unorganized2.) Workers are rude and unprofessional3.) TOO crowdedWhen I first arrived, the whole thing was totally unorganized! There were so many "guest list tickets" given out which made the event overly crowded. The guy who checked my ID also didn't believe the photo was me and had to ask someone else. When the OTHER guy approved immediately, I turned around and saw he did it to several other girls as well... C'mon, are you trying to check them out or give them a hard time on purpose? POOR work ethic dude. Either that or he's just really bad at his job. After getting into the venue, I admit it's pretty big due to the different floors (one star to that), but you won't fully enjoy it if you can't even access to the dance floor because of how crowded it is. Unless you have bottle service, think twice about coming here!
3	Word on the street was that Hakkasan was the place to be so we had to check it out while on our mini vaca. Honestly it was overrated. The top floor was techno with a lot of VIP booths. The booths were fun but im not a techno person so we went to check out the hip hop area which was super packed, no where to dance. The music was a lot better and thats where our night started, closes super late.
5	Finally got the chance to go to Hakkasan a couple months ago and have nothing but amazing things to say about my experience!  The line outside seemed organized to me, just a lot of upset people if they didn't get there way in VIP/Bottle Service trying to sneak in or bribe. We got right in, easy security and then got table service on the 5th floor. I wanted main stage, but after seeing our spot it actually was a great location and great view. I'll definitely be returning and thank you Hakkasan staff for making my night a great one!!
1	.... Meh, not worth it. Layout sucks really unorganized in terms of general flow of people about the club. Overpriced.
5	Got bottle service to see Tiesto on Friday 8-1-2014 and had absolutely a great time! Thank god for having a table because we have room to move around :-)
2	Mainstream/overrated. Waited 2 1/2 hours just to get into tiesto. . Go to the neighboring clubs forsure. If you are a women trying to wear heels, don't bother because you will take them off in desperation of pain waiting in line.Won't recommend this club If you are trying to party ASAP
1	Poorly run business. Especially for Vegas. I've waiting in line when XS was hot and the "it club" for an hour on Labor Day weekend on a Saturday with a bunch of girls and this line is stupidly run with an idiot for a "manager and business owner" get your shit together. Really. GET YOUR SHIT TO-GET-HER.
4	These other reviews are crazy... Do people realize this is a nightclub? I am not the clubbing type but I still found this club to be a lot of fun! Went to tiesto and he was amazing!! Of course the drinks are crazy expensive and a bottle of water is 9 yikes! I didn't find this place to be overcrowded... Dance floor is a little small and it gets jammed packed but then again it's a nightclub... We went to the front but it was too crazy and the gf kept getting drinks spilled and toes stepped out so we went to the outskirts. Outskirts were not bad at all which was nice. Enjoyed the show after that. If u wanna go pay the money ($50) before hand and take the stress out of dealing with the bouncers. Doors opened at 1030 we got in at 10... No stress and it was great! Highly recommend seeing the top djs in the world!
5	I love this club, best club in Vegas by far! We got a table for my friend's birthday party.  The waitresses came out with the bottles, lights, happy birthday sign, and confetti. Very cool presentation! The waitresses at our table were really attentive, nice, and hott! The bathroom line wasn't that bad and the bathroom attendants were so nice and helpful. We partied all night long and the DJ was awesome! The venue was so pretty and huge! The only complaint I have is that it's very cold when you first walk in.  I recommend getting a table if you go.
1	For being one of the "main" clubs in Vegas, I was severely disappointed. I would give a no star review if it was possible... Our group was in contact with a promoter about getting our group in Thursday night to see Tiesto, who upon arrival bailed on getting us in; red flag #1 - poor promoters. Next we were stuck in some back entrance to the casino from the taxi stand. If you hate crowded and confined spaces with little AC, you would've died; red flag #2 - not enough space. The "icing on the cake" was when they decided to move the line OUTSIDE into the back alley of the MGM where they tow dumpsters and where an ambulance was there to probably pick up someone who OD'd; red flag #3 - red flag for the back alley, not the ambulance. We ended up not going in after waiting for two and a half hours, including the hour in the heat with another 2 hours to go in the line. I MIGHT give Hakkasan one more shot, but they're off to one shoddy start...
5	It started out as a very long wait. But organized, single file. I hate when u have to wait 1.5 hrs and its from people cutting in line. So I was happy to see they were watching the line closely and guiding everyone. Getting on a guestlist meant no cover which we loved. Once inside we were sooo amazed. 5 floors, 2 different styles of music playing, huge dance floor, not impossible to get drinks. Even though they are hella expensive drinks! I'll deff be back.
1	Went sat. Night to see Tiesto security was very rude.  I was asking to make sure I was in the right spot for will call and was given attitude even though the signs said I was in the right spot I wasn't so not my fault mr. Rude security man.  The club was filled with what seemed like artificial smoke which made it hard to breath.  No place to sit at all unless you bought a private booth dumb idea. Left within one hour as it was severely over crowded.  Dress code was not enforced at all lots of tennis shoes and flip flops and t shirts overall terrible experience.  Would not recommend this club to anyone.
5	What a night at Hakkasan Bachelor, Bachelorette, and dirty 30 BDay all in one.We got one of the best table service so far here at Hakkasan. They really improved on that.  I mean that our drinks was never empty. Our server Megan did an amazing job of filling everybody drinks, and always refilling our drink mixes also mixing drinks. This was one of the craziest night ever. Tiesto threw down an amazing set over 2 hours. Everybody in our party had a really great time, and that's all I can remember.
2	Ew, not a fan of Hakkasan. It's way too tiny to be SO popular! The dance floor is so small, and there are so many people. There's no outdoor area to chill so you're stuck in their small dark interior the entire time. Poorly designed because there's no way to know which way to go or which staircases to take. Very hard for drunkies to navigate since there are no signs and the staircases to diff floors are all spread out. It's like a dark maze!!! Drinks are ridiculously overpriced, at least $20 for an alcoholic drink and they are soo watered down. An AMF tasted like punch. They don't offer tap water or water fountains. If you're thirsty, you have to pay $10 for a TINY fiji bottle. Drain us of all our money, why don't ya?!If you try to stay downstairs at the main dance floor, you will definitely be rubbing up on all the strangers around you. We could barely move there, so we spent half of our time walking around and going up and down all these staircases trying to find a good spot. We had to opt to dancing behind the tables by the bar until we decided that we would have a better time partying in our hotel suite. The ONLY time to go to Hakkasan is if you can afford a table!
3	I really enjoy the MGM Grand Casino and think Hakkasan is a great attribute, but I was very disappointed when the club staff said that hotel guests had to pay to enter the club.I think that being a hotel guest should allow free admission into the MGM Grand Hakkasan night club.I am a gold member and was appalled when my friends and I had to pay to get into the club.Since then I have stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and have been politely greeted and given free entry into club Marquee.
3	-If you are trying to get in free as a dude, you're out of your mind.-If you're trying to get in free as a chick, be prepared to get in line at 9, wait till club opens at 10, stand in line until 12, then maybe get in for free or pay some cover.-Being on guest list means you have your name on a piece of paper....and that's it.Best way to get into the club without the line and the grief is to just suck it up and buy the pre-sale tickets. Then you get to stand in the shorter line and you can get into the club in about 10 minutes.To have the best time:Get a fucking table AHEAD of time. There is literally nowhere to sit for anyone WITHOUT a table. It's going to be crowded.You're going to get lost.Drinks are for sure going to cost 20 bucks for a watered down shot.This is what you WANT when you try to come here. If you're complaining about this, then you need to switch up your expectations. You didn't have the time of your life here because you wanted it to be something it's not.
3	Super crowded, no outdoor area, admission is very pricey, long lines if not VIP, and just overall nuts.  if you don't have some sort of VIP access and if there is a big DJ then forget about getting in! Luckily I was apart of a group package for the weekend and then Tiesto decided to come so it worked out great but he didn't come on until like 2:30am. Which, I get it, it's Vegas and the main DJ's come on later, but we were told at the latest 1:30am.. Sunnery James wouldn't shut the heck up! Another huge annoyance.. the packed dance floor. There is no room even when it's not busy. UGh.
1	This club blows, after getting on some "guest list" of a "promoter" named Luis Moo; we stood in line for ever. And this was with having 3 girls no guys. Even tho we were suppose to get in for free we ended up not even being able to get in because the line literally was a 10 minute walk through the casino and outside to some sketchy alleyway. Felt super bad recommending this to my sister for her birthday. Especially this being a first time clubbing visit to vegas. If you value your time and want to spend it actually going clubbing don't bother setting up a VIP list. It's not a guest list, it's Not VIP it's longer than the regular list.
1	Table service, guest list, or not, it doesn't matter. Lines are too long, promoters are disorganized and even fight in front of guests. Even if you pay for a table, they won't let you in if there's "not enough girls". I'm a local so I know how it goes here and this is by far the worst club experience yet.
1	0 stars. Awful service from unprofessional staff. They were unaware of a private invite only event for which more than 200 people lined up with tickets. They did not keep the event private.  The door staff and bartenders were consistently rude.  Door staff seemed to be only concerned with collecting $200 handshakes from men and $100 handshakes from women to let people skip the line.  This place gets my strongest UNrecommend
1	We had just experienced Tryst the night before and my friend and I were excited about trying this club that was featuring Tiesto.  I admit I did not know who Tiesto was, not being of the club scene, but I was told he was quite famous.  So we ordered our tickets on-line to pay the discounted $50 cover. Yes. That's discounted.  It would also allow us to get to the front of the line.So we get there around 11:00 p.m. and trying to find the Will-Call line took us and a few other couples a few minutes to find.  Clearly marked signs would have helped.  We come upon this young lady carrying a clipboard, who apparently was hating life, if I judged her facial expression correctly.  Cold and bitter cannot even begin to describe her look. She asks for our names and we give her my friends name who bought the ticket. Her:  "There's only one name on this purchase."Us:  "Yes, but there are 2 tickets purchased"Her:  "But only one name"Us:  "When we bought the tickets it didn't allow us to enter the guests names"Her:  "Let me look at your email confirmation"Us:  "Here" - we show her the screen on our phoneHer:  Flips through the pages on her clipboardHer:  Looks at us - as if she'll see our names printed on our forehead I guessHer:  "Fine.  Just go."The warmth of her words made me feel sooooo giddy. And that wasn't the only bad encounter we had with Hakkasan staff.  The elevator attendants, and those silly guys walking around with the flashlights.  You're all rude. One of those guys actually pushed me to the side when I didn't move fast enough out of his way.  With the exception of the African American security guy on the 1st floor, and the African American elevator attendant (1st elevator).  Those two smiled and joked with us.  The others literally were rude and condescending.  If that wasn't bad, it was apparent this place was seriously over packed. You could not walk without getting pushed and shoved and stepped on.  I felt like a little puppy in the middle of the pacific ocean!  We got to the 5th floor where it was less crowded.  I will say that Tiesto was good...as much as I can say about DJ's.  Honestly, though.  I don't know how anyone can enjoy themselves unless they purchase those extremely expensive bottle service.  No chairs.  No view because the VIP sections take up all the balcony...the lights were interesting to watch though.Coming back?  No. Way.Note to Hakkasan Management:  We were there August 9th.  You may wish to discuss with that young lady, her lack of professionalism and non-existent customer service skills.
2	Okay, so let's say you're making a sandwich in your kitchen and once you're finished you take the sandwich upstairs to your room to eat. Then you take a bite out of your sandwich and realize you forgot mayonnaise on it. Now, that look of disappointment painted on your face? That pretty much sums up Hakkasan.Their dance floor is always more overcrowded than any other club and it's impossible to not spill a drink when on the floor. If you have a table, that's a completely different experience. But even then, it wasn't that special. Not for me, anyway. No reason to complain about the high prices on drinks, but that's pretty standard on the strip. And I know the clubs are always going to be packed, but at Hakkasan, I feel as though it's more packed than anywhere else I've been compared to the rest of the strip. The resident DJ lineup and the DJs that do play put on great shows. Dada Life, Above and Beyond, Steve Aoki and the rest of them put on great shows. But this review has nothing to do with the entertainment, but the club itself.Overall, I'd probably go again, but if I had an option to go anywhere else, I'd probably go there.
5	TIESTO IS SIIIIICKKK. By far the best DJ in the world. Went to hakkasan for the first time , and tiesto was playing. Not much of a club-goer myself, but if you are one I would highly recommend you experience hakkasan when tiesto is playing. Something about his music that makes ppl go crazy. Will definitely return.
1	On Friday night two of my girlfriends were on the dance floor when it was crowded and they had their purse on their arms and they got their cell phones stolen right out from under them. They did not leave it on a counter or anything. Always was on their arm. I heard many clubs in Vegas been having this happen, then even in the elevator another girl I over heard said she lost her phone also at this club! SO BEWARE the club itself is fun, but you need to know there are serious con artist taking your cell phones, the hotels and clubs should have signs to inform their customers and to have people be more aware and to not have this be so rapid.
1	All the reviews on the power tripping rude staff and the no sitting policy and $9 small bottle drinks are all true... Not really complaining about water. They can charge whatever they want, BUT the rude staff and no sitting are for non table/VIP guest is ridiculous.Also. Stairs.. Stairs.. stairs.. stairs... everywhere. I saw like at least 3 people fall due to the stairs. Basically If you want to sit, YOU WILL NEED TABLE. if you dont have a table and you sit. someone will come and make you get up.
5	I honestly get annoyed when I hear people comparing Hakkasan to other clubs such as XS. They're two COMPLETELY DIFFERENT concepts. Get that straight.I love Hakkasan. They truly redefine the new meaning of luxury. Every execution of this club was well thought of from the design, to the dresses the cocktail servers wear, to the DJs they end up signing as their residents.You do taste nothing short of chic and glamour once you step in. Yeah, it's dark with a lot of stairs but there are also elevators if you're not impatient to wait for it.And yes. It can be packed. Sardine style. But what club isn't when you have people like Calvin Harris or Hardwell spinning all night? Quit complaining since there are people that weren't fortunate to even get in.I'm still a firm believer that it's not the place, but the people that makes it fun. And if you had a horrible experience, reconsider going with different people that are willing to have a good time regardless of what the situation might be.
5	I beg to differ with the negative reviews, Here's my two cents: Music: There is no doubt in my mind that Hakkasan has the best residents DJ's in the game right now: Calvin Harris, Hardwell, and Steve Aoki are just some of the many that play there. I came here two weeks ago for Bingo Players and was definitely a happy camper. Although he is not as well known as the others, he played a really good set! However, I also want to commend Eva Shaw for her set as well. She was the DJ prior to Bingo Players and she was so good that I confused her work for Bingo Players at one point. Overall, I was really happy about the music aspect.   Venue: The dance floor is pretty cramped and like others have said it does feel like you are packed like sardines. But if you stand towards the back where the tables are then there should be more room to dance.Wait time/ Guest list: My promoter in particular was very accommodating and got us into the club with no problem! As my promoter recommended, I arrived with my group at 10pm or so and the line was actually moving at a steady pace. I think we were able to get in within the first 30 minutes of the club opening.(*** Guest list line is near Rainforest Cafe***)Bouncers/ Security: Let me warn you in advance, security will NOT HESITATE to throw you out or kick you out of line if you are too drunk! Enough said.  However, I do appreciate the fact that they do cut you some slack to let you re-enter the line/ club after a specified time. For my group in particular, we had to sit outside for an hour before we were allowed to re-enter the line.Although I know that this club has a lot of mixed reviews, I still think it's worth giving it a go before throwing in the towel!
5	Best club ever!! I went there on a Saturday night and Tiesto was playing!!! The club was pack!! full of beautiful fun and  people!! The people who work there treat you like if you were part of the Saudi Royal family, they are all about you and they do anything to make you experience Las Vegas night life to its  fullest, I want to thank my host Diego Diaz who got all of my buddies in and got us a super table!! you should text him if you are coming to Vegas(702) 540-8923
1	Horrible promoters. All lies and scams. They honestly ruined my entire Vegas experience. Don't ever fall for them. 0 stars to be honest. If you're that desperate to get into this basic club just pay and skip the line.
1	A promoter tried to get us on the guest list .. We waited 4 hours and still didn't get in. Then a promoter tried to say that I said fuck you to him when he mis understood my words and then kicked me out if line. Completely unprofessionally as terrible customer service
2	I knew what we were in for after reading the reviews, but it was still exhausting. Labor Day weekend, three hours waiting with hundreds of people even though we came early, tired when you finally make it inside, super crowded, way smaller than I expected and annoying little pathways due to tables everywhere. I wanted my friend to see at least one club and the staff was not horrible as described in other reviews. Overall I did not see at all why this is worth standing even in a ten minute line. In Europe every second club looks like this and is bigger. Some people seemed to enjoy it and if you have a funny group that makes three hours fly by for you - do it, I'll go for sth else next time.
1	The only reason why I'm even giving this place a star is because of the DJs and the ambiance. Hakkasan always book top-notch acts and they have great decor.I've been here three times to see R3hab, Above & Beyond, and Tiesto. R3hab was the only positive experience I had. The two other times, I felt very mistreated. The people who work here and the men they lure into this club are misogynistic and rude. For Tiesto, I was with 10 girls and we were in the VIP section. My boyfriend and I were doing our separate things that night but he came over to me in the VIP section to come say hello. They didn't allow him in the section, which makes sense since he didn't pay to be in VIP. But what really made me upset was when the bouncer who was monitoring the VIP section realized that he was my boyfriend, he came over to me and told me that I needed to leave the section. I asked him why and he told me that since I had a boyfriend, I was pretty much useless in selling the table since I wouldn't be "flirting" with any of the guys who end up buying the table. In his exact words: "You would bring the value of the table down." Just because I wasn't single, I was bringing the value of the table down.The last time was this weekend with Above & Beyond. My friends and I didn't come with a promoter and were glad we didn't because the line was 2 hours long for the guest list. We get in and even though we actually paid for our tickets, a person that works there ushered us to sit at a table with some guys. We didn't want to, but my friends feet hurt so bad that we ended up deciding to sit (mind you, you can't sit down anywhere unless you buy a table or decide to entertain guys who bought a table). We sit, the server pours us drinks, and we were hoping at least these guys would be nice. Nope, one of the guys immediately took the drink the server gave me out of my hand and told me that if I'm going to drink, I'm going to have to entertain him. I stood up and left because I wasn't going to prostitute myself in order to sit down. I was pretty upset and what made it even worse was that the person that worked there who ushered us to the table told us that we were rude for leaving their table within 5 minutes. If you are a woman, be prepared to enter into a prostitution ring when you enter Hakkasan because that's essentially what it is.
1	Hakkasan is fortunate that they were able to secure Tiesto and Calvin Harris as its resident DJs.  Other than that, there's nothing really special about the club.  I'd describe it as the little bigger Light.  Plus, the bouncers here are extremely rule.  I mean I understand that all bouncers in Vegas have to put up a front.  It's part of the job, but Hakksan seems to escalate that notion to a higher level.  In one instance, I saw a person, who was in the General Admissions line, asking a legitimate question to a bouncer about how to purchase pre-sale tickets.  Granted, while a legitimate question, I agree that the question wasn't probably the smartest question to ask, particularly with the existence of the internet.  However,  I thought the bouncer could have been a little more helpful by at least acknowledging the person asking the question instead of just flat out ridiculing her for being in the GA line.
1	Every girl's nightmare: Flights of stairs to climb in our heels and a ten square foot dance floor inviting creeps to grab your ass (and get away with it). Great DJs but unfortunately you won't be able to enjoy them here. I'm returning to XS where the DJs are also good and there's space to actually breathe.
5	Great club. Follow Luis on instagram!! Staff was amazing from bathroom attendants to bus boy's.!! EVERYONE!!
5	Left my jacket at a table, walked personally back by Casey after closing. Outstanding.
3	Can you say gong show?Our husbands/bfs/friends had a table but it took what seemed like forever to get in.  They were inside and it was 1:30am or so.  No line, just a mass of people hovering behind the velvet ropes trying to get the attention of the dude with the clipboard.  A lot of complaints about stairs?  We took the elevator.  No problem.  I understand it's a thing here, but people asking for Steve Aoki to "cake me" was...  quite the sight.  How do you continue clubbing afterwards, smothered in cream?  I guess I'm just old.  I don't see the appeal.  The raft was pretty cool though, crowd surfing in a raft!  Yeah!We had a table on the balcony and it was a great view of all the excitement going on down below.  We didn't get crushed by the other club-goers.  I do have to say though, randoms would walk in and stand next to us even though it was right next to our table.  This space should've been shared with only the bottle service patrons.  A premium was paid for great service by our attractive server, but there wasn't enough security to keep the strangers on the other side.All in all, a most memorable night!  If you like EDM, are willing to drop lots of cash, check this place out!
1	Stay away from this place.  We got bottle service for a friend's bachelor party and they switched the table we booked for an inferior one and we had to pay an extra $1k. They were acting extremely dishonest the wheel time. Avoid this host Kevin and his underling Josh. The night afterwards was OK but I have had much better experiences at marquee and XS. Will not be coming back period.
3	First off, let's make getting in pretty simple; guys should buy presale tickets (unless you're getting bottle service), and girls can get in free with their names on a guestlist. Just find a promoter. So the problem Hakkasan has is that there should be 2 different guestlist lines: one for general guestlist and another for girls only! It's pretty self-explanatory; the guys are there to meet some ladies (right!?), and if all the girls are in line for an hour, how are they supposed to meet them???If you want to make it to the dance floor, Hakkasan sure makes your work for it. There are stairs on top of stairs to get to the dance floor. Once you do get there, there's a good chance you're going to feel like you're part of a herding cattle on a farm. It gets super crowded!Despite all the negatives, Hakkasan has no problem getting all the biggest DJs from all over the world to perform.
2	Hakka-stairs! So many stairs all over the place, totally unnecessary hassle for drunkards. This place is always just whatever. Lines start to build up at around 9-930, yet they don't even open the doors until 1030-1100. So be prepared to stand in the same spot for a long time before getting in. If there is a headliner DJ playing, then any music you hear before 2am is going to be complete garbage. I bought one drink for $23 on a non-holiday Saturday night. Saw many people in here with jeans and tshirt. There are so many other clubs that are more upscale, have better music and layout and more reasonable for drinks. All around, not so great.
3	Went here to watch Calvin Harris labor day weekend, and I was very impressed. Vegas nightlife is over the top, but this was even more insane than I could have imagined. This place was packed though and the drinks were very expensive (even a bottle of water was $8), so pregame or be prepared to pay for your visit. I did not rate this place very highly mainly because of their process of letting people into the club. It is very unorganized and we waited in multiple lines for a couple of hours before we got into the club. Also, we were told that we would not have to pay cover since we were in line before midnight, but this was not the case. When we got to the front, they told us that we still had to pay the cover, so there was a lot of miscommunication between the staff and management. We managed to get the price cut in half (to $33), but I was still upset that they were not clear in their rules. The experience once we got in was great and Calvin Harris was a really great DJ. I would go back to this place to catch another famous act, but I will definitely wear flats next time and be mentally prepared to wait.
4	I didn't come here for a while because I thought it was just a re-branded Studio 54 and that place was hot garbage. In town for a birthday party, I got guilted into going and had an F-in ball! this place is awesome, my favorite nightclub in Las Vegas right now. Music is great on both floors a little something for everyone. It was stupid expensive, like $10 for a beer and $70 for 4 shots of Fireball, but that's expected at any Vegas nightclub. It loses a star for set-up. The top floor is used for the headliner (usually Tiesto/Calvin Harris) and every space is good. Its WAAAAY crowded, but the folks in here didnt seem to care they were in a trance like Jesus was speaking. the 2nd floor was hip hop and the set up was wack. If you don't have a table, you are, in effect, left on the outside of the party looking in. Still, great music, everyone i ran into was friendly and not on the usual instagram model BS. Word of advice, pay the money and get a table it will improve your experience 10 fold. PS. i heard they were charging $75 a head (crazy) that night and being stingy letting people in on supposed guest lists.
4	If you're a fan of EDM, this is the place to be-- best resident DJ's and guest DJ's. The only pitfall is unless you are on a table, you will be stuck fist pumpin' with others so close together it's like you're in a sardine can. The hip hop floor is lots of fun too, but the same applies regarding it being in your best interest to have a reserved spot if you want to thoroughly enjoy your time there! I've been 3 times (Tiesto, Nervo, & Martin Garrix) and not 1 time has let me down!
1	Ok first off, if they don't have big DJs like Tiesto, Aoki, and Calvin Harris, I will not step into that place!! Staffs will treat you like shits! Only if you have money to spend big at once and then they will kiss your ass! Guest list you will have to stand in front of their club for two hours and then when you are about to step in, they will tell you that you have to pay for cover. And it's not even a reasonable price either. And you stood there to helped promote their club for free and you didn't even get in! If they cut off the guest list line they should at least tell you right at the time they cut off, but they let you stand there for two hours to make them look busy. It's selfish and greedy cause the times you are wasting there you could have time to think about where you can go or find out another option for them. And staffs will ignore you completely if you act like you don't wanna pay for cover. I saw some people who were so excited about their night got turned down just like that. I meant tourists want to make their memorable nights but not all of them can afford to spend 5k or more in one night for only two people or couples. But maybe they can spend $500+ from buying small drinks at the bar for their friends or ladies. They are all assholes seriously! Me and my friends then left to XS who actually welcomed us better and the staffs at XS always have the best service! We can just use the cover fee money that we supposed to pay at Hakkasan buying drinks at XS and we even spend more than that. We had a great time so good that we decided to open bottle service that very night. We are not cheap but to discriminate people like that plus treating people like that, I need to spread the news to knowledge people how they will be treated and what to expect if they want to visit this place. You can go try this out yourself, and you will understand why I am so upset over this. If Hakkasan's staff still stuck up and held their nose up high then I wish their business will go just as the way they treat their customers. Peace! Luv XS and Marquee!! Always make my night!!
3	At long last, I finally had my chance to visit the supposed king of Vegas megaclubs, the often-touted (and also doubted) Hakkasan...Was it as epic as Instagram makes it out to be? Somewhat. Were there areas where the club could work on improving itself? Absolutely. I had tickets to see Hardwell during HK's grand opening back in April 2013 (which coincided with my 21st birthday), but I never had the chance to make my way to Vegas - I ended up spending the weekend at Coachella instead. (No complaints from me, that's for sure.)A lot of people seem to complain about Hakkasan's notoriously long lines. I have no problem with buying presale tickets for a nightclub - especially one that's marketed to a high-end clientele. If you're looking to have a killer night for a reasonable price, it really boils down to being able to pick the right weekend to visit. My girlfriend and I scored tickets to see Bingo Players at HK for an absolute steal ($30 for me, 20 for her), and we didn't have to go through the stress of drunkenly waiting in the general admission line. I can't stress enough how useful it is to scope out the Events Calendar on the HK website ahead of time - you'll save yourself plenty of waiting/money by going with presale  - just keep an eye out for the right deals!But I digress. Let's talk about the club itself.I expected HK to look a more extravagant; the place gives off a sort of Asian cavern-themed aesthetic. There's no outdoor section of the club to venture to if you're in search of some fresh air (unlike the open pool deck provided at Marquee even during nightclub hours), so be prepared to encounter some mild claustrophobia as you're making your way through Hakkasan's dimly-hit hallways.The production setup at Hakkasan - like the club's overall design - was memorable, but not game-changing. During our visit, I took particular notice of the visuals that accompanied Eva Shaw and Bingo Players during their respective sets. These visuals have a remarkably high resolution and clarity, and they're quite mesmerizing (and I've been to my fair share of shows, mind you). As advertised, you shouldn't encounter much difficulty getting an ideal view of the main room DJ - regardless of whether you have a table or not. Unlike those at Marquee (where bouncers constantly redirect patrons around the room to keep multiple walkways clear), Hakkasan's bouncers are pretty cool about letting clubgoers scope the scene out from the perimeter of the dancefloor. I also appreciate how there's little-to-no waiting for anyone who's looking to make their way onto the actual dance space. What ultimately sinks the ship for me is the hit-or-miss quality of the staff at Hakkasan. On one hand, you've got the bouncers: Although it seems like everyone and their mother seems to despise these guys, I found them to be pleasant and cheery dudes. The bouncers who checked our IDs at the door even gave the lady and I some resounding congratulations after we mentioned that we were celebrating our six months together! Similarly, other bouncers who worked inside the club itself were happy to tell me where they purchased their suits from (I'm that guy that goes to a club and eyes other dudes' suit fits, I'll admit.)My biggest gripe of my entire evening at Hakkasan however, was the total ineptitude of the bartending staff. Let me set the scene for you:We approached a bar located in the HK main room. Just getting a bartender's attention was a challenge in itself; the guy serving our segment of the bar repeatedly glanced over and around us, as though we weren't there! Understaffed or not, a "be right with you!" would have gone a long way. Hell, even eye contact would have been an improvement over being ignored like a pair of ghosts...In any case, after finally managing to get a bartender's attention, we asked for a Hakka to split. (For those who may not know, the Hakka is one of HK's signature cocktails, made with Belvedere, coconut, passionfruit, and lychee.) We hadn't been told, however, that Hakkasan Restaurant and Hakkasan Nightclub didn't share the same drink menu. Honest mistake, right?Well, instead of providing this simple explanation, our bartender informed us that he "didn't have all the ingredients" and that we would have to go "downstairs to the Ling-Ling bar" in order to order a Hakka. So off we went, through a shoulder-to-shoulder crowd, to the floor below - and after a similar long wait with this bartender's counterpart, we're told that Hakkasan Nightclub doesn't offer the Hakka. At all. Again, it wasn't so much their inability to provide the drink that upset me so much as it was the obvious lack of adequate training and overall employee knowledge. Suffice to say, my girlfriend and I promptly had to order a pair of AMFs just to drown out our anger for the time being.Premium product and eye candy marred by some sloppy execution. The very definition of 3/5 stars.
2	Let's cut to the chase: the only way you'll enjoy this experience is if you spend thousands of dollars and go for the VIP package. If you want to just come here for the famous DJ or for a quick night out, go elsewhere. I'm not sure if it's because my expectations were high but the setup of this club makes it almost impossible to have a good time. There's a huge flight of stairs to get to the tiny dance floor that's completely jam-packed. Where do you stand to enjoy the drink you just got at the bar? Good luck finding a spot. They do, however, have a lovely setup of dancers throughout the club doing aerobics on pedestals. That was my favorite part but I was gone approx. 20 mins after entering. Unbearable.
4	3 rooms with great music.  The lighting and sound has to be the best I've heard and seen hands down. Drinks are stiff and not as expensive as other clubs on the strip.  You never know what celeb your going to be rubbing elbows with here.
3	3.5 starsThe venue is big for Vegas club and always has great DJs spinning. Drink prices are just as bad as NY prices (maybe worse for Patron shots).
1	Security here are straight up douche bags... Rude and didn't let us in because my girl friend's id was a little old. Gf died her hair and looks a little different in id so they didn't let us in. Turned us to the cops, they believed us but douche bag manager said "give her card back but no club". Fucking asshole. If you come here make sure your id is up to date and looks exactly like you. Was so excited to see tiesto but shit happens....
1	Don't wasted your time here,  we got bottles services and was waiting 2hrs in their reservation line.  Finally left and went to Taos
4	Saw Tiesto here last night and had an awesome time!Hakkasan is a little bit larger than the average Vegas nightclub, and the ambience is on par with the rest. The lighting and overall design was all excellent. There are multiple bars and multiple floors. The DJ lineup never disappoints!! Tiesto began his set around 1:30am after the opening DJ got the place going wild!I'm definitely coming back to Hakkasan during my next Vegas trip.
5	This place is awesome! The music was great, the servers were on point, and security had class. Specifically giving a shout o one guard, Dee. On point.
4	I was very pleased with my visit here at hakkasan. Despite the rude annoying drunk people in the line, I thought the bouncers and promoters were outstanding and respectful. Unlike some of these other clubs on the strip who seem to power trip over there status of holding the clipboard. I appreciate hakkasan for being organized aswell. Nice club though and I enjoyed coming here. I'll be partying here again thanks to the promoters. Kudos!
2	My night here included a group of 8 girlfriends on I heart radio weekend and Calvin Harris spinning. We got bottle service in the hip hop room. First off, the venue is beautiful and really big. The service at our table was great-- really friendly and on top of it. With that said, tables started at $3k!! Even with the venue being cool... It's not $3k cool! Instead, we got in for no cover and kept in touch with a promoter. After about a hour, we were able to get a table for $1500. Still a crazy high price but it is what it is on a busy weekend. Despite the things the club has going for it (good service and nice venue) I couldn't fully enjoy it with the lame music and insane amounts of people. The hip hop room had no variety in the hip hop being played. It just got boring after a while. The crowd was insane. Literally had to push through bodies to get anywhere. I'm sure this place is nice when it's not as packed... But not the night that I was there.
1	I honestly have been waiting to write this review for a long time and I make sure to tell anyone I know NOT to go to this club. And it's not because the drinks are expensive or something small like that. It's because I honestly had one of the worst experiences with a club EVER there and it nearly drove me to tears. Here's why:So a group of friends and I met in Vegas to celebrate my best friend's 21st birthday. Before we got to Vegas I bought three tickets to Hakkasan which cost me close to $200. Then once we were in Vegas, I found a promoter to get the rest of the group in for free. But here's the catch: the promoter said we had to be there by 10:00 pm to get in for free, so that's what we did. Once we got inside we found out that unless you're ordering bottle service or a VIP, there isn't a single place to sit and just drink. And we found out Calvin Harris wasn't coming on till 1 am. So we asked SEVERAL of the people working inside that if we left, could we get back inside? They said there would be a re-entry line but that we would get back in eventually.When my friends and I returned a few hours later, the people REFUSED to let us back in claiming they "don't do that at Hakkasan." After I told them that several people inside had told me it was okay and showed them the very expensive tickets I purchased, they said it was irrelevant and that we should move along. What made me even more pissed off was that as soon as we walked away, I saw the same bouncers let a group of girls back in that had left earlier.I have NEVER received such poor customer service from an establishment and hope to never step foot near Hakkasan again. So I guess my advice is, if you're ready to spend hundreds of dollars on a table and bottle service, I'm sure this club is decent. But if you're an average person, stay far, far away!
4	Hakkasan!  I was fortunate enough to go to this night club for a huge work event.  And all I can say is if you love to to dance and have a great time then you need to try Hakkasan!  What a BLAST!   My ears are still ringing!  The DJ and staff are awesome!
1	Bartenders, sound and security get a 10 out of 10.  One star for the amount of people allowed in here.  I ran clubs in Chicago for ten years.  This place tonight is over filled by at least 1500 people.  Mgm is either paying off the fire dept or just covering the fines.  Such a shame for an amazing club. Only a matter of time before a serious accident happens here.
3	Don't bother with guestlist if you're trying to see a big headliner, just buy presale so you don't wait for hours just to get in!It's great that there's always a good headliner DJ playing every weekend in Vegas, thanks to their resident lineup, but the biggest problems here are the layout and the management.The layout is like an up-and-down maze. The steps are always overcrowded with people, so watch your step or you'll be playing dominoes in human form. If you want to avoid the crowded dancefloor (and getting stepped on by high heels nonstop), it's good to escape upstairs, but there really isn't an area to dance. You do get a good view of the fancy lights and effects.The management is pretty bad. In my past experiences dealing with the promoters here, they are pretty rude or just inadequate in helping you get into the venue without some catch.
1	I'm not one to right reviews unless the service is phenomenal or horrible.  So as you can see, it's horrible and not worth your time or money.  Only good thing, was we pre-purchased the expensive tickets, and got in fast.  But as many have said in prior reviews - extremely pricey, and even more $$$$ for a VIP table.  Being to many EDM clubs, raves, etc.  I get that it gets crowded, just like any other club in LV - ok fine - but to pack you in like sardines so that you literally can't dance at all - screw that.  Not worth it, don't waste your time or money.  We had more fun bar hopping and dancing at several little spots around the strip.
1	It's one of the worst club that I've been to. Overrated! Went when Tiesto was there for my sister's BD....Long lines and they really try to pack as much people as they can in there. It's a disaster waiting to happen. People were pushing, shoving, and vomiting all over the place. There are definitely better clubs out there... Don't waste your money and time people! I gave them 1 star because their music was decent.. Other than that, very bad layout for a club.
5	I had an awesome time at Hakkasan on Saturday night. Tiesto was amazing. I love that he played some very sensual music near the end of the night. It totally transported me into another dimension...
5	Saw Tiesto here on Sunday night and it was a ridiculously good time. The dance floor was kinda packed, but I'd imagine that that had to do with the DJ. Also, got in for free thanks to Jeff, so if you're in town and looking to go, definitely text him and see if you can get on a list. 702-379-4592
1	What happens when you piss off a Saudi Prince? He will rain money till he destroys you...The Mega Hakkassan Night Club was created after a Middle East Billionaire was denied his favorite table at a club."I am going to teach them a lesson" he said waving his finger... "I am going to build the best club with the best DJs" he said with his fist clenchedWith an unlimited budget he began construction of a palace in the middle of the desert that cost up to $100 million in construction costs and an additional $65 million to lock up all the best DJs like Tiesto and Dead Mau5. Hakassan is located at the MGM Grand and sports 3 floors of dance and entertainment. Two floors are dedicated to EDM music and the last floor is dedicated to Hip-Hop. Article is below:http://www.lasvegassun.com/vegasdeluxe/2012/dec/24/megabucks-djs-news-billionaire-spurned-vegas-backs/Atmosphere:Even though so much money was poured into this club...it was poorly designed. The club is so big that once you lose your friends you will never find them again. The dance floor is so small and packed that you have trouble breathing...there is so much pushing and shoving on the dance floor and sweat soaked bodies...When all the Vegas clubs are trending towards pool parties...Hakassan doesn't seem to be catching the drift...Service:The people who work here are not the best people. We reserved a table a month in advance and were quoted a price. On the day of the event we were told our table just went up by a couple thousand...It was then I realized reservation meant nothing...and table service was like an auction to the highest bidder...with the club trying to gouge you as much as possible...Tips:If you want to get into this club best arrive before 11 PM and buy an electronic ticket online. Summary:Please do not go to this club unless you want to get raped on the dance floor...because trust me if you scream no one will hear you. They say money can't buy anything...and it applies to this club...you spend over $165 million it does not mean you will have the best club...Money doesn't BUY happiness. I am never coming back
4	I love the talent at hakkasan! Tiesto, hardwell, Calvin. The only downside is they pack this club to capacity. I however loved the promoter who picked me out of line and gave me a drink ticket and sent me right in the club without waiting in the guest list line. Thank you!I always have a good time at hakkasan! Usually the bartenders can be dicks, but this past visit he was super nice. Management you're doing an awesome job! Whatever you're doing at hakkasan please start doing that at wet republic because you need some improvements there.
4	It's fun.  Plenty of fun. Music is kicking.  Is there any bad place to party in Vegas though.  This is a good place.
1	Ruined our trip to Vegas!We planned a trip to Vegas and wanted the highlight of the trip to go see tiesto. We planned, bought tickets, researched, etc. Before we started packing we called hakkasan and spoke with a lady (on speaker phone) about the dress code. She told us "business casual", when asked further if this meant jeans, nice shirt and tennis shoes was acceptable, she said "yes! Just no holes" We stayed at planet Hollywood (which was amazing!) Didn't do a whole lot of spending money since we knew at tiesto drinks and things would be escalated prices.We walked from planet hollywood to hakkasan, stood in line (which everyone was confused on the different lines) then had a security guy go through the line, look at my fiancee shoes and "out of line. You have to change shoes. They won't let you in." We were completely confused. Especially since the 2 guys behind us had on old dirty polos, cargo shorts and Sperry shoes! So we step out of line. I see 4 security guys talking by the door. I ask them seeing as we were given incorrect info and my fiancee didn't bring dress shoes and we won't be let in, what the refund policy was. One guy immediately said, "if you were told wrong and didn't get to use the tickets there should not be a problem getting your money back". We walk all the way back to the hotel, gumming mad and pissed that the one event we really wanted to do, we now can't! We get to our room and my fiancee immediately calls hakkasan. They give him the run around and he persists. Finally the guy takes his name and number and promises to have a manager call him the next day.This happened Saturday October 4th 2014. It is now October 10th 2014 and guess what.....NO CALL BACK!  Such a waste of money for several employees errors, if they want to enforce a dress code, they should be more specific than "business casual" What a waste and I will NEVER recommend anyone give them a penny! Horrible customer service and by the other revirws, unless you want to give them millions of dollars, they don't care about how they treat you!
4	Honestly, this is the prettiest club I have ever been too. Also,they have some of the best Djs there.  I personally don't mind crowds. However,if you get claustrophobic- watch out its super crowded in there!
1	Before I start, I'll say this: I don't like clubs. I'm 34 years old and not single... So there's no reason for me to be there. That said, this review is in no way influenced by that fact.i was a huge raver from circa 1995-2001, starting with deep house around 1994, until eventually becoming a total 'hardcore gabberhead' raver, that would wear masks with the word "house" in a circle with a line thru it... so even though i don't currently listen to EDM leisurely, i still can enjoy and appreciate that 'scene'. And i have been for years still, when certain friends want to do that for the night.And i know the deal: loud house music that leaves your ears ringing for days (i used to be a speaker-hugging Gabberhead) super tightly packed groups of humans, hot, sweaty and lots of pushing, shoving, uninvited contact and sometimes out of control emotions.But still... Hakkasan? Holy shit... maybe it's because Im mid-30s and a father now, that i think more about the fire hazard before i think about the 'energy'. But all i could think was "if we needed to get the fuck outta here, like NOW, we'd all be trampled in a huge bloody mess".. but i was still able to have SOME fun. But that's also because I chose to...It's real easy to lose your cool at this place and let it ruin your night. I chose to just go with it... the majority of my party didn't have the same thought tho. Understandably so...All the reviews you'll read on this place are spot-on, no doubt about it. And i probably brought that up about 20 times last night (when we attended Hakkasan). Like "Yep, the reviews all said it'd be like this" and "Yep, i totally expected this" but even with all that i was STILL shocked.They pack people in there like CRAAZY! And i mean it's so packed, that NOBODY has a chance, INCLUDING staff, INCLUDING "VIPs", nobody. It's so bad that i was feeling sorry for the staff, thinking holy shit and to think these people have to do this EVERY night?! My god, Id go insane.... one elevator attendant even said "Bro, you dont even wanna know" i said "Fuck NO i dont wanna know, i've seen enough!"i know i haven't really gotten to a real "review" of this place yet, but look... it is what it is. Its SUPER packed. A Jameson and soda is $16. There's no place to walk, sit and BARELY stand. You will be touching at LEAST one other person at all times, whether you know them or not, and at some moments people might even mistake you for a brick wall and just lean their entire body weight on you.I think you can STILL salvage your night and have a good time if you go there already EXPECTING this. Because believe me, you won't be disappointed! But I still gave it 1 star, because well... this place sucks, haha.Oh and dress code, you CAN wear sneakers. You have a way better chance if your sneakers are paired with a collared shirt, or some type of creative, hipster-ish outfit. Use your best judgement. You know what these bouncers, who have the same attitude with their "authority" as a TSA agent, look for in people.And yes, forget about General Admission or Guest List, etc... buy presale, get there at 10, you'll be in super fast and you can have a chance to enjoy the place (for about 45 minutes) before it gets dangerously packed. I didnt get any asshole vibes from the bartenders, the staff was relatively cool (especially for their work environment) and the worst thing/people you'll have to deal with are drunk douchebags on the dance floor.If you plan on dancing, plan on dancing in one fixed spot, most likely just jumping straight up and down, and not without bumping someone constantly. Don't be a dick when you're there, MOVE if people are trying to get by, and be POLITE when YOU'RE trying to get by. Remember that nobody else is happy there (except for the DJs after they cash their $16 Million paycheck, lol) and that you CAN have a good time if you just allow yourself to.Still tho, 1 star... fuck this place, haha. Dangerous as hell.... expensive as hell... Vegas is too big to squeeze into one little hole like this one.
5	Went on a Sunday with my sister and her bf. we were a little skeptical of this place because of all of the mixed reviews but we love it here!-Got on the guest list and got in no problem. Me my sister nor her bf had to pay cover. The line was a little long but surprisingly went by fast and one of the bouncers were really cool with us. All the staff we encountered that night were all nice. -The drinks are of course on the expensive side. I ordered AMFs and those were $19 each. But the bartenders were really friendly and gave a lot of alcohol in those mixed drinks! Almost mixed with nothing lol but I'm not complaining! There are a couple different ones you can go to on by the dance floor, one in the back, and one upstairs. -wear comfortable shoes ladies! There is absolutely no place to sit unless you have a table. Or at least bring flats, it's not too cute walking bare foot in a club or back to your hotel. -lots of security around so even when this place is packed there's guys everywhere making sure the night goes smoothly. -don't come already drunk! They won't let you inside if your stumbling around already. They might let you back in after a while or you might have to wait back in line. Just don't do it lol-that night Tiesto played and he was amazing! We even had cool wristbands that light up when he played certain songs and went with the beat lol. Overall our night was amazing there and can't wait to go back to LV to come here again.
1	Don't get me wrong, they have amazing dj's and that is the ONLY thing I like about this place. This place is always overpacked and crowded. They should have a limit to how many people they allow inside because you literally feel like a pack of sardines. There is absolutely NO space to dance. The only way you can really enjoy yourself is if you reserve a table which of course, is expensive. And that is the only way I would ever come back.If you do decide to come, the guestlist is crap. So I recommend buying presale tickets instead and arrive before 11:30 because the place gets pack around 12am. Since this place is so packed, I suggest staying in one spot the entire night because it can easily be taken if you leave to buy a drink or take a bathroom break. Or have friends save that spot for you. If you plan on being on the floor, I recommend being in the front or middle with a group of friends to avoid people going in and out and getting in your way if you stay in the very back. It can be really frustrating the entire night.
2	I went to this place with a big group of people who had bought a table for the night. It was for the Calvin Harris concert so we expected the place to be pretty crazy but there were way too many people in the table area. The bouncers were constantly stressed out and yelling at us and randomly kicking out people in our group. They gave space priority to people who had paid more, even though we had already paid for our own table. The concert was great and the space is definitely really cool but it was just too chaotic.
5	Dear Hakkasan, I'm writing this because I miss you. We haven't reunited since August, and it's now October. The last time we met, the Bingo Players (sadly only one bingo player now, poured some out) graced the stage. Before that, we bonded over Calvin Harris. Not to sound like a stalker, Hakkasan, but everything about you is perfect. Downstairs (Ling Ling Club): Equivalent to a hip-hop room. Crazy vibe, dancing on every surface, and geisha-style dancers gettin' jiggy. Great spot to hit up for free bottle service before upstairs gets wild. Upstairs (Main dance floor): When you enter, there's a large area to your right with a smaller bar and an area with lots of tables and seating areas, with an obstructed view of the stage. Straight ahead is the main dance floor, with large tables in a U-shape around (much like Marquee in this regard). There's another bar to your left, and tables on upper levels. I've never been up there, because I made it my personal goal to dance on the stage. Simply put, the customer service at Hakkasan is unrivaled. Anything you want at a table appears within minutes, any spilled drinks are immediately cleaned up, they even have shirts and shoes if someone spills on you. So, Hakkasan, what I'm saying is that you are perfect, without even perfect imperfections. Come back to me.
5	I love this place me and my hubby celebrated our third anniversary there and everyone is so nice and helpful. they also have different sections to the club incas you don't like the music not only that they have an awesome sounds system! awesome lighting I will definitely go back!
5	ASHLEY ANDERSON is by far the best server in the entire club. Not only is she friendly and welcoming but she makes sure your drinks are perfect! If you end up coming here, be sure to request her! You'll be disappointed if you don't.
3	Over rated and too crowded. To many people running into me. It was still fun. If you get in free its worth it but don't pay money to get in.
5	I've been here twice and it was a great time each time. Seen Tommy trash and most recently, Tiesto. Get in touch with the right promoter and you will get in quickly and hassle free. Amazing sound and light effects. Theres the main room which is edm and the ling ling room is hip hop..... Or as the elevator attending put it...... 'open format'.  Both rooms are fun and I love the ling ling lounge where u can sit and relax those sore feet in heels for a second. It's like a maze in here but easy to figure out. Friendly staff for the most part. Yes drinks are expensive..... $20 bucks per drink but hey its vegas and you are get to see a top dj for free (well at least we did)
2	Unless it's an artist performing, I'll be sure to skip Hakkasan.Nothing here impressed me. Not the crowd. Not the music. Not the DJ. Sure, each individual song was nice on the night of 10/17. But the transition between songs was sh*t.The alcohol is ridiculously expensive. And if I come back, I will be sure to get a table.XS, you have a lifer here...
5	Great club! What it should be with a great sound system. Make sure you get a table i the theatre area as tehre is a hip hop room upstairs and also a back roomo where you can't see the performers.
3	I would say the hip hop room is managble except for the 50 year old ladies on the speakers hahah but more power to them for sure.the main roo. With tiesto had absolutely no room to move around let alone dance. A lot of stairs for the girls and actually not nearly as spacious as I thought. If you are on the guestlist come early ad the wait on that can be over an hour
2	The club was interesting but very cramped.  Packed full of people, it was hard to get a drink, dance, or go to the bathroom.  There was nearly no way to get to some open space to have a minute to breathe.  It is very similar to other nightclubs on the strip.  Nothing particularly special about it.
1	I'm here right now and am sitting next to someone Who works here who told me if I continue to ask him where my credit card is, which has been gone for 30 minutes - that he  will kick me out. I cannot imagine a worse place to spend my night then a place where people people like this exist.
3	Hakkasan was a pretty big disappointment for me.  After hearing so many people rave about it and being there it was not that great.  Yeah the venue is pretty nice and they have a hip hop room but it was SO crowded I couldn't really enjoy myself!PROMOTER: I contacted Dan Stak (702-824-3234) and he was able to get me and my friends in for free! We had 2 guys and 6 girls.  He was very informative, texting me to make sure I got in the right line and answering all of my questions.  He even came to find me in line to make sure I was taken care of.  I would highly recommend him to get into Hakkasan and he got me on the guest list for Wet Republic too!WAIT: We got in line around 9:45, the line was near Rainforest Cafe and had to first wait in a small line labeled "guest list" and then move over to the "general admission" line.  The wait was about an hour until we got into the club and it did feel long but the line moved pretty quickly.  They checked our IDs and gave us stamps ahead of time and checked us out on the iPads before we got in so the process was pretty seamless.ATMOSPHERE: Once you walk in you go around to the main floor where there is a pretty big dance floor and tables surrounding it.  Go further and into the "ling ling club" which is where the hip hop music is.  The dance floor is TINY and although it was super dead when we first got there I could see how it was going to get super packed by the time everyone got in.  The drinks are expensive and only OK, and they charge you for water!!  Another sucky thing is that there is a lot of fog everywhere so pictures are horrible! They have this weird fog/haze in them that is hard to edit out :(Hip hop room music wasn't bad, they start out old school and then move into more modern stuff but we left around 12am to go to the EDM room to see Martin Garrix.The EDM room seems big but is super crowded.  I found a spot and didn't want to move because it would be IMPOSSIBLE to get back into the crowd.  No room to really dance but merely stand there and maybe wave your hand if you can.  People are kinda pushy and spill drinks easily -_-.  I left at 1:30am because it just wasn't fun anymore.  Overall, if you want to check it out to say you've been there maybe wait until it dies down some.  The venue is really pretty and nice but it's just so crowded so you don't have space to even enjoy the good hip hop music.
4	My girlfriends and I went on 10/26 to see The Weeknd. We showed up around 10 got in line with our promoters name waited in line for 5 minutes and walked in. The club itself was beautiful! From the decor to the way they treat their guest was def a 5 star place! After a few hours of dancing the club got really crowded and that was a bust because we couldn't move to dance anymore. It got so packed within the first 2 hours it was nuts. The drinks were super expensive but what else do you expect its VEGAS! The weeknd didn't show up until 2:15am but he was so worth the wait. he sang a couple of his old and new songs. The only disappointment was the club getting packed super quick and the drinks were to expensive.
2	I totally regret coming here instead of Marquee in our hotel! The reason this club is around is they book large edm names. We thought it's a weekday and we aren't sure what will be cool, since Steve aoki is playing at hakkasan-why don't we check it out? That was not a great plan.  We arrived around 11 and it was an insane amount of people standing around and down another hallway tons of people in line. We bypassed the line-likely because we were all girls. It was still $20. Funny enough this is way less than a cost of a ticket of it were a ticketed event.The decor is very nice but the main room isn't so unique that I wouldn't think it could be in another city. It certainly seems to be set up for edm sets. Pretty good DJ viewing from all around and fun lights.  I had a great time the first hour to hour and a half. The crowd was in general pretty attractive and I had zero surprise grind from behind incidents and no creepy guys I had to swat off.  Bravo! I feel like the crowd had pretty good vibes and attitude but that might just had been the people around me. If only the club had stayed as it was for the first hour and half it would have been fantastic.  Unfortunately, the door must have kept letting people in because soon enough we felt like we were packed in Tokyo subway during rush hour. Even worse the dense sardine packing wasn't just on the dancefloor but everywhere, near the bar, in the hallways and pathways. Both my friends had cigarettes burn on them, not seemingly because those people are jerks but more because the club was too packed and provided no (at least obvious) smoking/getting air area. If you are an edm fan, wait until the DJ comes somewhere near you since will not be able to enjoy the music with so much smoosh. If you don't like edm I thought XS was a far more beautiful club. For management: there is enough of a market to make the events ticketed. I would have gladly paid more ($40-60 is what they charge in DC where I live) to see top talent and have an amazing night.
3	This club is impressive as far as esthetics. Very large in size, modern, and sleek.  Top things you should know about Hakkasan: 1. Having a promoter or purchasing tickets in advance is your best bet unless you want to spend a TON of money to get in, like $50-$100 expensive male or female.2. You may want to pregame because drinks are about $17+ regardless of what you get, and a long wait at the bar. 3. Table service starts in the thousands if you want to sit.4. Dress to impress. A lot of high profile clients go here to party so I'm sure it's not unusual to be turned away or discriminated against if you're not on your A-game. Typical at most Vegas clubs.5. This club is known for its EDM headliners.6. Ling Ling (the hip hop room) is much better than Marquee's Boom Box room. It's less cramped and sometimes there are guest DJ's here as well such as Nick Cannon and Rev Run to name a couple. Do your research to find out. There's also an ol school room nearby with more of a lounge vibe.7. I wouldn't recommend for people who have a challenge walking long distances, or girls who wear really high heels. There are a lot of stairs here!! There is an elevator, but just be aware.Overall, I gave Hakkasan a 3 compared to Marquee because Marquee has an outdoor area/dayclub, and there's a 24-hour pizza place upstairs next to Marquee lol. And Marquee really feels like an EXPERIENCE to me. It's more diverse and people seem to intermingle there more. Whereas at Hakkasan, either you're with the hardcore EDM crowd in the main room, or you're there to kick it at Ling Ling. Won't go here if I'm not comped... but if you're in town and want to get a feel for the nightlife here then definitely check it out.
3	My wife and I were here for Halloween.  This was definitely an entertaining experience, but one we probably won't revisit.The good: it was a fun atmosphere, and the ambiance was incredible.  The dragon's breath and "rise of the empress" theme were great.  The drinks were not rediculous for a club.  Some bottle packages were obviously not feasible, but interesting to read.  Paying for early access was definitely worthwhile instead of waiting forever in line.  The show part of the club experience was fun.The bad: we felt the guest DJ (Danny Avila) was better than the resident  (Tiesto).  We paid for access for a world-class DJ experience in Vegas.  I could have done better 30 minutes from home in Chicago.  Makes me question his tour show experience.  I think the bouncers also let anyone in, regardless of how intoxicated people may be.  This is a total hazard any way you look at it.All in all, it was an average club experience.  If you live near a major city and have access to decent clubs, don't bother coming.  If not, or you are really psyched up to see a specific performer, this is an ok place to party.
3	There is no doubt that this club is beautiful, upscale and impressive. It has multiple floors and rooms to escape to for different tastes.  I had a lot of fun dancing in the Ling Ling club area which was more hip hop.DJ Tiesto was amazing for Halloween and with the way the venue is set up it feels more like a private show then being at a huge place where you can barely even see the performer. Awesome light sequences, music and talent provided. Ladies- in the restroom there are attendants who can help with things such as tampons, hairspray, even to go flats for hurting feet. Lots of stairs so ladies might want to wear shoes they can walk in, on top of this there is almost no where to sit unless you have a VIP section somewhere. The concert area on level 4 for EDM shows gets way too packed and people start getting aggressive, not personally my thing, but it does come with the scene. Be ready to spend some money or hope you get hit on and hope that person wants to buy you drinks bc one is $16...and it's small. $9 for a Fuji water bottle that's smaller than average size of course. Ladies if you stand by a VIP section on the 5th floor balcany area later in the evening (when people are more drunk) and dance around they may invite you into their section and you can see the performer a lot better..and not have 500 people bumping into you!
1	I was led to believe I was getting in for free but then I had to pay $50 to be squished into a club like a Jewish sardine. This was the holocaust of night clubs. DO NOT GO HERE.
2	Bottom line- this club is MISERABLE if you don't have a table. For guys, no big deal. You can jump around just fine. For girls in gorgeous, blindingly painful high heels, this is a problem. There is ZERO space to move or walk around. If you find a spot to hang your hat, bouncers will tell you to keep moving. Other reviews say "if you are a girl, hope that some guys invite you to a table." Chances are there are 100 girls hotter (by Vegas definition) than you and me in this club... I've seen them with my own eyes there. The girls that work there also fit into this category.Hakkasan has the most incredible DJs headlining, no doubt. That is the only reason why people go. Unless you have a hard-on for Tiesto and have been dying to see him (like me), I would pick another club. It's not a pleasant clubbing experience without a table here. I also have a problem with one of the bartenders. You see, I used to bartend and always count the pours at each club I go to. I was surprised she was pouring 4-count (1 oz) drinks for $16 apiece. I would expect at least 1.25 in this town. When I asked what the pour was, she told me 1.5, and I asked her why she was pouring one ouncers instead. This is unacceptable. But she's hot, bitchy, and has the booze, so guess who ends up being right? And I still tipped her.If your time is limited in Vegas, I recommend going to XS or Drai's for a fun experience with more room.  I'm grateful we got in for free, but even for free again with Steve Aoki or Calvin Harris headlining, I wouldn't come back. It's so beyond crowded that it's just not fun...
5	Best birthday ever, came here for my 21st to see Tiesto and I couldn't have spent it another way. My girlfriend and I had a blast. Only downside is it's always packed, literally like a can of sardines. People bumping into you at all times. Tip, get table service. Totally worth it.
4	Unless you've got a table -- forget about it! It's the only way to go unless you'll be pushed and shoved like a sardine and can't dance all night.  Great place, beautiful people, and awesome music.  We saw Tiesto here during EDC week and he was amazing!
2	A really nice club with cool lighting and a few different rooms to explore. However, it's just too small & cramped for the large crowds they let in--you can barely move on the dancefloors and it's a constant struggle to stay afloat as people bump into you every few seconds. Merp!We got in for free/discount with a promoter and got here early but still had to wait a long time and deal with hella lines to get in. That's to be expected for such a popular club for sure, but I usually don't have such a long wait at Marquee.Pauly D DJs here a lot - does that excite anyone? Not me ;)
1	Be ready to wait in line for hours and have no fun. Nice place but really, go somewhere else.
1	Im not the type to write bad reviews but the staff was so awful to me that I just had too. NO STARS! If you like clubs were the staff is really rude and inconsiderate and make a huge deal about everything to the point where they get all these security men and cops on a tiny girl, causing her to get a panic attack and to sprain her ankle, this is the club for you. I had the worst experience here. The place is small and crowded so its hard getting through the crowd. I happened to bump into one on the staff and he made a huge deal and called security.. keep in mind im just a 95 pound 5 foot girl. I had a bunch of big guys after me, a staff member ron took my hand and rushed me to a room which caused me to miss a step, let me fall and sprain my ankle. They were so awful to me =( and I ended up at the hospital and couldn't even get a refund or an apology. :( Worst club I've been to in Vegas, I've never been so mistreated in my life. =(
1	This review is based upon the customer service and the wait, as the party I came with were never let in.Weeks prior to our bachelorette Vegas trip, we met with a promoter who provided us details to get in for free at the club. There may have been a drink requirement but I am not sure. We were told the club opened at midnight and arrived in line at 11:30 pm. We were expecting to get in, but the promoter told us that unfortunately we would have to wait anywhere from 1 to 2 hours.We did skip a few lines to the guest entrance which was a much quicker move. However, we waited about 2.5 hrs before getting to the entrance. Just when we thought we would be able to get in, we were told it would be $60 entrance. Apparently "being on the list" ended at 10 pm...I am not sure how that works if the club wasn't open before then, but what do I know...Needless to say we didn't pay. Not impressed with just the outside customer experience we received. I am sure the club is nice inside... At least it appears to be on Google.
2	Ling Ling Lounge is the best part of this club.  Music isn't too loud, people still dance, and causally talk.Main club upstairs is huge, but just not that cool for vegas.  There are some really cool VIP booths, but not enough bar access for drinks.  There is nothing really special about it.  Clubs at the Wynn look much cooler.
4	Hakkasan is one of those hyped places that everyone seems to talk about when Vegas nightlife is discussed.  However, I had seen the crowds and the lines when walking through the MGM, and that didn't get me very pumped.  I had also been hesitant to go to Hakkasan because several of my Yelp friends had reported phone and wallet thefts there with little care given by the management.  I know these Yelpers to be some of the most honest reviewers, including a couple of Yelp Community Managers, so I was wary.  Those reviews, along with the fact that my friend had a similar thing happen at another Vegas club with me, kept me from wanting to check out Hakkasan.  It has been over a year since those reviews were written, and the group I was with wanted to go.  We had a connection with a promoter who was able to get us in on two of the three nights we were staying in Vegas, so I decided I wanted to go too and see what all the fuss was about.  I'm glad that I did go, because I had a great time on both nights.Night 1 (Friday):The line was long, and was not moving at all.  Somewhere close to 10:30PM it started to move, and it moved quickly.  Once we got in, we were greeted by what seemed to be an endless number of stairs.  There were several floors to the club, and with each floor came different layouts.  There was hip-hop on one floor and EDM on the main floor, which also had a couple of adjoining areas. The sound system and the music was good.  It was not as over the top looking as I would have expected inside, but the lights were very cool. It was a great atmosphere, with the worst thing being that the drinks were way over priced.  Night 2 (Sunday):Getting in was far more chaotic because there didn't seem to be a line.  We were waiting in a different area than Friday, possibly because we had informed our promoter that we wanted a table and bottle service.  We were in a crowd of people standing around until our group was let in at around 11PM.  We were then led up to our table that was off in a random corner.  It was actually nice to have our table out of the way of all of the crowds, but it also felt like we weren't fully experiencing the club. Our group took turns walking around to dance and see what was going on in the different areas.  There seemed to be different floors open than on Friday, or rooms that we had missed.  There was a loungy area playing hip-hop, that we did not see on Friday.  It was not as good as the floor that was open on Friday because it felt too congested with a tiny dance floor.  The EDM room was opened and packed.  As for the bottle service, the staff kept all of our mixers and ice fresh.  They were super friendly and attentive.  It was worth it to get bottle service because we seemed to spend less on drinks than going to the bar, and we had a table to sit at when we got tired.  Although Sunday night was great, I preferred Friday because the music was just a tad bit better.Hakkasan was very polarizing it what it had to offer.  There were things that were great about it, and things that dampened the experience. I do think the good far outweighed the bad, and I would some up the plusses and misses as:+ Atmosphere, music, and service- Entrance line, stairs, and expensive drinks
3	Hakkasan is definitely a beautiful nightclub with a great lineup, but man... it's so packed inside because of the strange layout. And extremely expensive, especially the drinks.I went the night Tiesto was playing, and the line to get into Hakkasan wasn't too bad, maybe less than 30 minutes but of course we got there maybe an hour before Tiesto took the stage. The lines are just beginning.There are a couple different floors inside Hakkasan. There's a chiller one where you actually have room, and then there's the main one. I'm not a huge fan of the layout of the main floor because it's so small. (On the plus side, I guess that means everyone is relatively close to the DJ...? The DJ is so high up that my friends had to put me on their shoulders for me to see Tiesto's whole face, haha.) They block off a decent amount of it on one side to serve as space for a line, and it's so hard to squeeze in and out of the dance floor since everyone has to get in and out on one side. So if you dance on that one side of the dance floor, people will always be trying to get past you. I think they leave a decent amount of room for tables in the back.Also, there's nowhere to put your drinks on the dance floor, so everyone puts them on the ground. Thanks for being very considerate. Since it gets so packed, they sometimes spray cold gas at us. Thank goodness... It gets hard to breathe for us short ones!They sell foldable flats inside the women's restroom, which is awesome. I got yelled at a bunch of times for walking without heels because they don't want you to step on glass.
1	Horrible atmosphere, way too crowded. The security were incredibly rude and pushy. I felt like I was in a mosh pit instead of a club.. If you're in Vegas, there are SEVERAL better places to go, don't waste a night at this place.
3	Pros: Great Djs. Steve Aoki was awesome to see spin live. Lots of booths available if you want a private section30 dollars for a ticket to get in is not a bad price at allCons: Smaller dance floor. The main floor is impossible to get to after 1130. It is so packed that they stop letting people on it and you are forced to stand on the walk way.Drinks are incredibly expensive. 15 dollars for a well mix drink, and 18 for a Long Island. Drinks are weak too. Shots go for almost 20 dollars each.Incredibly loud so if you think you are gonna get to talk to someone in there guess again.Main dj didn't come on until almost 130 in the morning.Once you exit the club their is no getting back inPlace was real crowded as I expected. It was worth the experience of checking out a Vegas club and a big name artist. I won't be back again as I'm not much of a club person. I haven't been to any other clubs in Vegas so I can't compare this to any others.
1	Don't even bother!The place looks nice but is not designed very well. The only place you can really see anything is either in a booth or on the dance floor (good luck getting there). The first time we went to this place, we had a blast. Saw Dada Life, had a pillow fight on the dance floor and generally had an awesome time. The second time there we saw Steve Aoki. Worst time I've ever had in Las Vegas! The place was way over crowded! You couldn't even find space for your own feet (had to be a fire code violation of some sort)! Tempers were flaring on the dance floor, the security guys were acting like drill sergeants and you couldn't stop for five seconds without one of them telling you to keep moving (even though you technically couldn't). They are only looking out for the people at the booths. The rest of us are obviously poor hicks in their eyes. This last time was the straw that broke the camels back. Saw Tiesto on November 22nd. Love the guy but all I could think was get me the hell out of here! The best part of the night was when our group finally decided to leave. Totally DONE with this place. I will spend my money at way better places like Drai's,  Marquee or Light (best  place on the strip)!
2	Calvin Harris  WAS SUPPOSED TO SHOW UP BUT WAS CHANGED TO TIESTO WITHOUT NOTICE -_-REALLY PACKED OVERALL. A bunch of chicks walking with heels in their hands since they don't even let them sit on the edges of the counters. The DJ lineup is pretty good, but not worth the high cost to enter. The guest list lines are ridiculously long, but they get in.  Soooo, why would I pay $100 as a guy and around $60 for my girl if they'll eventually let you in? DRINKS ARE EXPENSIVE. They say no kicks, tees or hats.....(YOU KNOW CASUAL CLOTHES), but there are times when there's a gang of under-dressed people with kicks and plain tees in the hip hop room. I guess you  must slip them a little dough for them to let you in your regular clothes??Its cool to be in there for a bit and see what its about with the cool djs but ITS NOT WORTH IT TO GET IN since you probably wont want to stay that long due to how crammed it gets.
3	CROWDED the night I went. It was a Friday night and Aoki was playing and it was the first night of his birthday celebration-- so getting caked and champagne showered on was a must! I would definitely work through a promoter, but even so, you are going to have to wait in this long LINE that doesn't seem like it's going to end, but every club is probably going to have long lines. I went on a random weekend too where there was no holiday associated with the dates and it was still PACKED.So just pregame accordingly and bring extra to drink if you want to keep your buzz cause my friends and I lost mine and we were too lazy to get more drinks at the crowded bar.it is a fun club though. REALLLY BIG. I'd go again for another good DJ for sure.
1	It's my friend's bachelorette party. Instead of a quiet, tame slumber party back at our suite, the wedded-to-be decided on a last minute romp to see Tiesto at Hakkasan. We lined up, $40 later, coupled with a few shots, we marked our spot on the dance floor. The first hour and a half was pleasant then I was ready to leave as it got RIDICULOUSLY crowded, like fire hazard bad. Bodies up against each other that even if you were just swaying to the music, it would've been construed as unsolicited grinding. As I led my gaggle of gals towards an exit, one of the bouncers seemed more concerned that we were trying to crash the VIP section. He kept stamping the super heavy rope divider to maintain his territory-- nevermind that he kept smashing this pole right on top of my sandaled-foot. And nevermind that I  was screaming in pain at the top of my lungs in an already noisy club.Eventually there was someone with a flashlight to clear us through. If you've got bags of money, I'd shell out for VIP. You'll breathe easier, feel more comfortable, and you'll get a great view of the silly little plebes in the pit down below. In the words of Murtaugh, "I'm getting too old for this sh!t"
1	TERRIBLE!!!!! That's all I can say. We had to wait for  two and a half hours just to get in and it was not worth it at all. It was so crowded that we couldn't even move. We left in 5 minutes. Will not come back.
4	As most fellow reviewers pointed out, if you do not have bottled service, prepare to stand the entire time.Apart from that, there was a lot of room to dance, and the music was good too.Coat check is ridiculously mismanaged.
1	Loads of club promoters throughout the casinos adding everyone to the guest list. My sister and nanny were added to the list and showed up around 12:45am. There was no big line to enter (great) but the we spent 15 minutes waiting while 4 bouncers could not agree over the validity of my sister's maryland license and my nanny's passport. Both are over 21 and had valid id. There was no need for the bouncers to give them a hard time or sarcastically and in a threatening manner ask if they should go get a police officer to confirm authenticity. What happened to having a system where you can scan to confirm validity? It was not until we said forget it we will go somewhere else that the bouncers said Ok you can come in. We left. I understand taking your job seriously and I get that these guys probably deal with fake ids, but more than 15 minutes and poor attitudes?  Sad to see so much effort to recruit business only to lose it before it brings revenue...
4	I have been to this club a couple of times. I always had fun each time I've been there. The table service was great, sanitary and professional. There's always been a large crowd whenever I've been there. The DJs have always been awesome as well!
3	After a great dinner, had tickets to go the club, either this place is always packed or I came on the night where DJ Afrojack was playing and  is probably one of the popular DJ's playing in Vegas right now. Needless to say... expect to stand like sardines and smell like one afterwards. I admit it, I can't see at night, probably the worse is at night walking into a dark, foggy, confetti club can be a bit tricky and scary. Guys, when a girl looks at you for a split second, it doesn't mean they want you, also with the music blaring so loud, don't expect to get a name, where are you from and which hotel your staying?Just stick with smiling and dancing without any strings attached. Love the house music. It's just waayyy too crowded to be on the floor, I ended up along the stairs dancing to the wall. Cause if I dare to stare at anyone, they attach to you like glue the whole entire night. So many choices of nightclubs, this one is rated #2, since we were having dinner here and we only were staying one night, it was fun to get my groove on.
2	I have come here twice and basically it seems like your typical generic Vegas nightclub with a few additional minuses. They won't give you tap water and charge $9 for bottled water. Very claustrophobic dance floor. The main issue for why I won't come back is they have a major theft issue which security doesn't seem to take seriously. 3 out of 4 of my group had our phones pick pocketed and many others in our vicinity as well. Security guards rolled their eyes when we told them. There are many better options to choose in Vegas so I have no plans to come back.
5	Located inside the MGM Resort, this club is definitely one of the hottest places to be on the Las Vegas Strip. When Marquee wouldn't let us in because my boy is all tatted up to his face, we came here with the hopes that they wouldn't hate on us. Not only did Hakkasan grant us admission, but they were very reasonable with the "guy" price of cover. This club is definitely one of my favorites in terms of layout. The dance floor is huge, has plenty bar space, and has great EDM talent for their resident DJs. That night we were glad to have seen Nervo rock the house! Overall, if you are looking for that Vegas nightclub experience then definitely make your way to Hakkasan.
1	I've been to Xs, Tryst, Surrender, Marquee and the club inside the Eiffel Tower at Paris and this is the most low quality club I've ever been to in Las Vegas.  To try and make up for the lack luster appearance they spend all their money on DJ's and none of the DecorGarbage 100%Want an unforgettable night?Go to XS!Want a club with horrible lighting, small, cramped, and mediocre in every aspect?Then this is the place for you!This is the circus circus of Las Vegas clubs.
1	I went here on a Thursday night, being lured in on the illusion that all the floors would be open and hoping they had different music playing on all floors, I WAS WRONG. Worst DJ ever the music really sucked, and it was full of old people. We decided to try it again Friday since some of my friends weren't able to hang out with us on Thursday night, we waited about an Hour in line for nothing. Security decided that my boyfriend did not look like the picture on his ID. Well of course not morons. His ID picture was taken years ago when he was younger. They actually thought they knew what they were doing, they had like 6 people look at it, only to help me come to the conclusion that their security Management sucks. I really wish I remembered the "bosses" name who was a total arrogant prick. This club sucks. I'm glad we didn't get in they were not worth any of our money after the inconvenience they gave us. I honestly believe this is one of the worst clubs on the strip. They should really make the requirements to get a job here more strict. They have no idea what the heck they are doing. What a disappointment.
1	Do not go to this club, regardless of who is DJing. There is a crime ring that steals cellphones, IDs, credit cards, etc. straight out of your purse.Security is an absolute joke - after reading the reviews of others who've had their personal effects stolen and notified security, I'm starting to think that the security has ties with the people stealing things. They might be getting a cut of the profits so they don't care to do anything about the fact there are people stealing other peoples' things in their club.The dance floor is PACKED and it's a huge fire hazard. The DJs don't come on until 2am or later, and the crowd is filled with disgusting douchebags and drunk people who will fall or vomit on top of you because they can't even stand up straight. Having people fall on, step on, and elbow you in a crowd that's already packed tighter than a can of sardines is NOT fun. There's nowhere to sit, I could barely breathe it was so packed.They don't provide tap water, so you will need to purchase $9 mini bottles of Fuji water. Drinks are even more expensive and watered down.After my experience here, I will never set foot back into this disgusting place ever again. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs.
1	The reviews are all RIGHT! I should've listened. Can't say I wasn't warned...We were told 60$ and was charged 110$. We were very first in line Saturday night, got into the club right @10 when it opened. We got to walk around and see how the entire place looked like. Wow! This is such a  gorgeous place, smells good, and very clean but once it hits 10-30-11 all the way on... it is body to body, & disgustingly, annoyingly packed. Apparently this isn't hazardous?.. they form a line to the dance floor too. I feel like you have to 'claim' a spot, camp out and make sure you have your drinks ready in hand. This place seriously doesn't limit how many people comes in probably because during nights with a headliner they need/want to make their money. I wanted to give Hakkasan a chance so bad because this was the place I wanted to go to the most out of all the clubs there for my first time being in Vegas. Largest club in the world, not enough capacity to hold the people. May be they really need to take out the tables because seriously all the space that is taken up is not only by the people being squished in on a small dance floor but the tables also take up a lot of room. If you want to buy one, regardless of how expensive it already costs (close to 8grand and over), it is still sold out! I can't believe I was actually almost considering this.Bought  an almost even ratio 9 girls 8 guys, NO free drinks. I had a lesser ratio of girls at the other clubs I went to and was definitely better taken care of. Here, they only cater to higher class people. Because they got the name and the fames. They wouldn't care about you unless your name is Rihanna.  900 dollars down the drain, spent 1 and a half hour to be treated like shit by the security guards &  employees. So, so disappointed. Walked all the way back to the hotel. They need to be more professional here especially if they are banking of hundreds of people. I'm never ever coming back again, I don't care who is the headline or what famous people attend. I will de-edify this to anyone I know. It is not worth it. Total Buzzkill.  Go on a weekday, it's probably a lot better. However, I'd rather you go somewhere where they care about your money.(This review is for back in July)
4	The only way to enjoy that club is with a table, the closest to the dance floor the better. We had a table next to the DJ which was good but for next time I will pick one next to the dance floor. The place is impressive, great sound, and private restrooms with gourds all around. The crew took good care of us threw out the evening. Dance floor was packed. In a club that big they could allow a bigger floor to dance. It seems that all they really care about is to take care of those who have tables.I had an amazing time thete.Will be back
1	Worst club experience ever. I'm a Las Vegas local and have experienced many clubs here and abroad. Hakkasan tops my worst experience EVER (topping my Tao Nightclub birthday experience where it was so packed that people were spilling drinks and getting their clothes stuck on each other because they couldn't move 5inches). This was my third attempt at trying to get in. The first time, the line was outside the casino and the second time we made it all the way to the entrance only to be told it was $10 off the main price for those on the guestlist. My friends and I arrived early since we were on the guestlist for a promoter. We waited 3 hours to get to the coat check line, where we were notified it was MANDATORY ($5) to check in your coat. There was a huge discrepancy in regards to who thought a coat with buttons versus zippers qualified a coat check in or not (this applied to girls). We then had to get into another line to get in. When we finally make it in, the place was so packed you couldn't dance or mingle, much less stand any where remotely appropriate that didn't block traffic or get you moved because VIP tables where near by. If you want a fun club experience go to Marquee, XS, Tryst (even though it's small). It's too bad they have some awesome headliners for EDM. But they obviously didn't plan out the layout or considered those who aren't purchasing $500+ tables. Spend your money else where.
1	This club is full of shit They promote guys are free with an even ratio of guys and girls but you get to the front and they will still charge guys the full price of over 100. Deceiving and just want all the hoopla outside and will never let you in for "free"
4	Their DJ line up is the best.  The sound system is average.  Their lighting design is average and so is the club layout.  It is a bit overcrowed.  Hot guest and staff at this place.  A lot of real EDM fans... I was surprised. lol
2	Still hate this stupid place. You may have better DJs but BYE FELICIA. back to XS and every other club we go
1	I've never had a chance to experience a club during any of my Vegas stays.  But this time, Hardwell was playing and since this is my boyfriend's all-time favorite DJ. I figured it'd be a great experience to visit our first Vegas Nightclub.It was the worst experience of our vacation.Lines are so unorganized. We first lined up at the General Admission, but we had our tickets purchased Pre-Sale. The bouncers sent us to 3 different lines and wasted so much of our time waiting. When finally reaching the correct line, the lady in charge of this line said we had to "Check-in our coats". At first I thought it was ridiculous. But being stuck body to body, sweating ridiculously, I understand why now. (5$/coat)The place is aesthetically beautiful to look at. I thought we were in for a treat. As the night goes deeper,  the dance floor began flooding with people. Drunk, rude people. Pushing. There are multiple experiences. I'll keep it to the point and short. I was fixing my blouse and had accidentally touch a man's bottom. I apologized. I assumed he did not hear me through the loud music because he started interrogating me with his friends, and their girlfriends. Pushing into me. Calling me names. Grabbing me. I told the bouncers but they just seemed to smirk. Are they helping each other out ? My boyfriend thought it was just because of the crowded dance floor. But I remember faces if you're in my face the whole night !!I also noticed my wristlet had been tugged on multiple times. I have a lock on it, and every time I felt that tug, that lock was removed. I checked my cards and cash. My debit card and cash was stolen. Wow. Later on into the night I noticed more girls started calling me names. I guess that man that I touched, that I apologized for, gather a gang of people to start hating me. I really wanted to leave but didn't want to ruin my boyfriend's night by not seeing Hardwell. So I stayed. Upon leaving the club, I noticed a scum pick pocketing guys. I REALLY wished I had a better experience but rude, unprofessional people and staff. Mind you, majority of whom who visited that night looked 30+. Ugh. Leaving the casino, I heard names being directed to me left and right all because of one jerk who thought I was trying to "feel him up". For me, 1 star. Worst club ever. I am never coming back. But this is my review to another.If you do plan on visiting, I recommend:1) Wear flashy flats or small heels if possible. Or bring a pair to wear before and after all that dancing and standing - no place to sit)2) Honestlly, if my lock got broken multiple times, clip it to your bra or make sure you're covering the access to the opening with your hand.3) Don't bother with drinks. It's completely water down. I'd just spend your money on water. Even though it's small as hell.4) Bring pepper spray for guys harassing you.
2	There isn't really anything other reviewers haven't already said.1)Unless you want to pay for a table you will wait probably 2-3 hours in the slowest moving line with extremely rude security. 2)It is an extreme hassle to move around the club once you are in. So many areas are roped off and you are NOT allowed to go around the ropes. 3) Too many people. I am SURE this is a fire hazard. 4)My phone was stolen right out of my purse. When I told the security guard outside I think my phone may still be in there she said it was "karma". What?! 5) Bathroom attendant in the ladies room is miserable.A positive is the bartenders were nice. Tiesto was really cool and a lot of fun. Was it worth the wait and having my phone stolen and dealing with rude staff? NO!
1	Worst fucking club ever. Very rude security and strict.  Overpriced and shitty because it's way to crowed to move. Overall not worth the time and money.
4	Hakkasan nightclub is the biggest venue I have ever been to. It takes a while to get your bearings. But it is absolutely gorgeous. Not as spacious as you would like but that's all nightclubs basically. The drinks are expensive but nobody seems to care. I love the Djs and the edm music they play. Definitely check it out.
1	Where to start?!!!! We went there January 1 when Tiesto was playing. We were on guest list. They told us arrive 9.30, door open 10.30. That's not bad. So we got there like they ask. Line was long, no biggie. Line was moving so slow. Took as almost 4 hours to get there. What kinda guest list it is?!!!!!! Ridicules !!!   All staff was rude!!!! When we got inside it was so many people that you can't walk around !!! Why they have so many people there? Not safe at all!!!! I am giving * for Tiesto only. He was amazing . The best!!!! Just love him and that's why I stand in line- for him ONLY!!! If not for him I will give -*. Terrible place to be!!!!
5	Amazing nightclub experience every time. The visuals and lighting are always top notch and add a tremendous element to the overall production. You have to understand how to go out in vegas in order to have a good time. I recommend bottle service if you're a guy.... It's the only way to role. For ladies, it's all about the complimentary admissions and Guestlist lines. If you don't want to hike up the stairs, take the elevator. I know that's such an elementary concept, but some Yelpers have complained about the stairs.  Yes, the drinks are pricey, but you are paying for the experience, how many times do you get to tell your friends that you are going to Hakkasan??
3	Hakkasan is hyped up. I went to Afrojack and barely saw him, because there were way too many people inside the club. And the sound was a little weird. The bass was to hard and too much echo.Waited almost 3 hours in line to get in. The club itself is indeed pretty nice, first you need to hike up the Mount Everest to get there. I'm sure you can wait for the elevator but that'll take forever like taking the stairs.Paid $36 for two 151 shots.Hakkasan is not bad but I'll check out all the other clubs on the strip before I come back.
3	Eh. Just, eh. Maybe I hyped myself up too much over this club.My sister and I were on the guestlist to see Afrojack. Got to the entrance around 10:30. Mandatory $10 coat check. The lines to get in were confusing as they were separated into three different sections; I felt like they could've organized it better. Waited about 30 min and we were in.The club itself is nicely decorated, but small. The main room gets heavily packed. The only time it gets spacious is when you're invited to a table ;[The hip-hop room is even smaller and the main room and consists of a small dance floor in the center, surrounded by private booths/tables. Wasn't too done of the hip-hop they were playing (mostly 90's early 2000's). Would've been nice if the DJ played more of a variety. As far as drinks, we paid $18 for a vodka soda and $9 for a small bottled water.
5	I went to this club on Jan 1st to see Dj Tiesto. That night was one of the best nights I have had in my whole life. I loved the club. there were two floors at this club which I could go. Tiesto was performing on the main floor so I stayed there. He came around 1:00 AM in the morning and stayed for about 3 hours. He was great. His songs were great. I loved him and planning to go back. One nice thing the club did, the gave out wristbands with the name of tiesto on it and they had wireless lights on them and when he came to perform, those wristbands were turning on and off which was amazing.Simply this club is one of the best in las vegas.
