5	If you can't wait for Thanksgiving like me, Capriotti's Bobbie sandwich will more than appease your cravings!  The Bobbie consists of shredded white turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, mayonaise and I heard it's even better with jalapenos.  Another plus for this place is their cheap pricing.  For $7 you can get a 9-inch sub, which is definitely worth your money because it's huge and packed with meat and stuffing.  Every time I've got a sandwich here, there are usually leftovers for later.  This place is definitely my FAVORITE deli in Las Vegas.
5	Best sandwich in vegas no questions asked. Everyone i know is obsessed with the capistrami i say its just ok nothing special there.. BUT the BOBBIE is INSANE!!!! Most carb loaded sandwich that is horrible for you and sooooo tasty. They dont normally but veggies on it but I order it with the works man i crave this sandwich all the time. Italian is good not the best Cole Turkey is awesome for sure! Never had the burgers too hard to move away from Bobbie!!!!! Get here asap
4	I visit Las Vegas for work a few days out of every month. A few months ago a coworker treated me to one of Capriotti's Sandwich Shop's subs and I liked it, I liked it a lot. The restaurant is a Quiznos Sub Shop or Subway Restaurant type but better. A wide variety or sandwiches and subs, but my personal favorites in the hot steak and cheese with mushrooms, peppers and onions. The clouds part because it's heavenly. I have a few others on my to do list too. 4 stars! Why? It's what I want in a quick and easy sandwich shop. Order in or take out and phenomenal food.  It's a must if and when I visit Las Vegas.  Why not 5 stars?  Not exactly an invited dine in experience but...  Don't think you're not my favorite Cap.  You are!
4	CAPASTRAMI!!! You have to try this sandwich. I always get the largest one so I can eat it for three meals. The Russian dressing with slaw is so good. I also like the BOBBIE. This is a Thanksgiving dinner in hoagie form. It will definitely satisfy any hunger. The people are always so nice here and they make every sandwich fresh as you order it. Capriottis is my kind of sandwich shop.
4	Hawaii doesn't have and REALLY NEEDS a sandwich shop like this one.The Must-SAMPS sammiches:1. The "Capastrami" is to d-i-e. I love pastrami and this only indulges my love for it even more.2. The "Bobbie" is sweet and salty in one. I'm not a fan of turkey, cranberry, or stuffing during Thanksgiving but, I could mos def eat this all Thanksgiving night!!!
5	I get the large steak and cheese with mushrooms and onions! It's huge and yummy and I eat the whole thing! Just had one!
5	Everything on their menu is delicious! I always get the Bobbi! I warm it up in the microwave and it tastes 100 times better. This Capriottis has the best customer service. They are more friendly here than other ones I've been to.
5	O M G!  Capastrami is the best sub I've ever had in my life!  So soft and mushy all at once!!  Yum-mmmmyyy!!We also ordered the Homemade Turkey Sandwich (brown bread).  That was delicious, too.  For sandwiches, you can order brown bread.  Unfortunately, they don't have brown bread for their subs.Take out is probably the best.  Washed our sandwiches and subs down with Sweet Ice Tea.  If you ever stayed down in the south end of the strip by Southpointe, they would deliver as well.
5	This place is AMAZING..... Not only do you get a Huge Sandwich, but you get punched in the face with flavor. I have tried a few of the sandwiches that they list and they have all been delicious, The hot pastrami comes with pastrami, " Alot of it I may add" and Cole slaw. I do not like slaw but it was great in the sandwich.  This is no run of the mill sandwich farm, you get more than just a few deli slices and a half a head of lettuce. Dont make the mistake of thinking you are at your ordinary sandwich shop and ordering a large.. It is 20 inches long and probably 6 inches around if not more.  This is worth the trip if you are in the area.
5	A must stop when I am in Las Vegas! The sandwiches are under $6 for a small, but a small is huge! Lasts me for lunch and dinner, so I consider that a bargain. Even though the Capastrami seems to get the most love here- and I have tried it a loved it- I prefer the Slaw Be Joe sandwich by far. Capriotti's roast beef gets missed in reviews and it is a painful under sight. It rules! It is not like roast beef cold cuts, but like actual shredded roast! SO GOOD! I get the sandwich with cole slaw and russian dressing, sub swiss for provolone and omit the mayo- the sandwich has enough with the cole slaw IMO. Their cheesesteaks are also bomb. I wish I liked turkey because the Bobby sandwich looks wonderful. I also like that they have Wise brand chips and Tastykakes- both from Philly (home of the best sandwiches in the world!) My last request and plea- PLEASE bring Capriotti's to Orange County, CA!
5	I'm a big fan of delicious but healthy sandwiches and Capriotti's fits the bill. We ordered the famous Bobbie sandwich and, boy, it isn't just huge but the whole sandwich is more than enough for three people! This sub is made of homemade bread, homemade turkey, cranberry sauce, delish stuffing, and Mayo! The sandwich is totally amazing!
5	Best sandwiches ever!!!!!Love coleslaw and the bobbie woooo!!!
5	The best sandwich shop in Vegas!!Eat here & your belly will be full and happy!!
5	Are you kidding me? Seriously, this is the best sandwich shop ever. Whenever I'm in Vegas this is must. Not only are the portions GYNORMOUS, but the price is cheap. I usually walk off the strip to this location and it is shady, so I would not recommend doing that at night. It is so good, that whenever I am in Vegas, I try to get a room with a fridge so that I can stock up. Please bring this shop to Chicago. If I were to ever own a franchise, this would be it.
5	Earned every star with their awesome sandwich. Totally surprised my wife and I on the quality.On the way back from Vegas we just wanted something light and fast. My friend (thanks Ken) recommended this place, so we thought it'd be good to just have a sandwich for a change. We didn't know it was just a take-out place so we ended up taking it to go and plan to eat it in the car. While I was filling up the gas, my wife started to open the sandwich wrapper. I knew it was really really good because she didn't make any noise. SHe was too busy enjoying the Capastrami to think about sharing. So i had a bite and it was truly the best Pastrami. I got the Cheese Steak and it was amazing too.We both agreed that this is a must come next time we're in Vegas.
5	I just had the Bobbie, billed as the best sandwich in America. The medium version was everything i expected, stuffed full of homemade turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and mayo. The service was super fast and the girl working at the counter was super cute. All in all, Capriotti's was awesome and i'll definitely go back later this week before I leave Vegas.
4	This location no longer allows you to eat at the establishment. Take out only. I've tried "the bobbie" in the past. It is with their homemade turkey, cranberry sauce & stuffing. Not a fave of mine, but it is definitely something different and full of yummy thanksgiving flavor anytime of the year. I got a small genoa salami ($6) today and it was HUGE. I couldn't even eat it all and still have half of it waiting in the fridge. All the subs come with provolone cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, onions and choice of sweet or hot peppers, mayo, oil, etc. They don't have a lot of choices in toppings, but pretty much the basics, which is just fine with me!The bread is freshly made in house and they are not shy or stingy when it comes to piling on the meat (unlike subway!). After a couple of bites into my sandwich, the fillings were oozing out and couldn't keep up with the bread! By the last bite, I had a little piece of bread with majority of it being meat and lettuce.Service here is good, the guys who work there are very friendly. Service is fast too.
5	This place is definitely a must-try if you're in Vegas.  I usually stop by before I start heading back home.  It's sort of weird because when I put the address into my GPS, it led me to the wrong place, but I eventually found it.  The store is small and the workers are really nice.  A downside is that they don't have seating here.  When I went, my friends and I just walked across the lot to the Del Taco and sat there and ate our sandwiches.Everything is made to order.  Most of their sandwiches come in three sizes - small 9", medium 12", or a large 20".  They offer a bunch of different sandwiches in different categories, such as Cap's specials, cold subs, hot stuff, and vegetarian.  I love their cheese steak sandwich.  I order mushrooms with it too and it tastes amazing.  I get the medium size and usually I can only finish half of it because I can't finish the rest, which is alright because I have something to eat if I get hungry on the ride back.  The medium sized cheese steak is $8.25, but if you add mushrooms, it's another $0.50.  So the total is a little under $10.  I've only tried the cheese steak one, but my friends love the Bobbie sandwich, which is actually their best-seller.  My friends actually buy a couple of Bobbie sandwiches so they can put in the fridge when they get home and have something to eat later on in the week.This place is definitely worth trying.  It's cheap and the food's great.
5	definitely the best sandwiches in vegas and they offer vegetarian options (not just a bunch of lettuce on a bun, but real veg food) a definite must try :)
5	I was ecstatic to see they opened a shop next to our Vegas home!  The Bobbie is a better version of the leftover Thanksgiving dinner sandwich my grandfather used to make.  It is the perfect balance of moist turkey, savory stuffing and perfect cranberry sauce on the freshest bread.  I always get a medium so I can have half for lunch the following day!
5	Across the street from South Point Hotel & Casino, this sandwich shop is as good as it gets!  I happened to be staying in South Las Vegas and had the pleasure of treating my British friends to these incredibly delicious and superfresh homemade sandwiches.   The Slaw-Be-Jo was TDF!!  They are huge and well-priced.  No matter where you are in Vegas, this sandwich shop is worth the drive.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5	The Bobbie may be the perfect sandwich ever!  I wish there was a Capriotti's near our house in Laguna Beach!
2	Sandwich sizes were HUGE.  The place wasn't the cleanest and had NO SEATING or apparent bathrooms.  Yes, the Bobby tastes like thanksgiving, but a mess of a half-hearted thanksgiving it was.  I'll wait until November next time, thank you.  The Italian sandwich my wife had was nice.  Bread was hardly better than Subway.  An alright place to eat if you are hungry but I won't be going out of my way to get here.
4	When I'm hungry I never crave sandwiches. I just feel like its one of those things that I can make at home for much cheaper. BUT i have to admit, Capriotti's is pretty good. The samples sound simple and the menu is limited, but their sandwiches are SOO tasty! Plus I love their huge sizes. A sandwich can feed 3 or 4 people if you're not a big eater. Definitely a stop when you roll into town!
4	First off the food here is good for the price. With large heaps of meat and toppings. In addition the subs here go from large to larger to largest which is a great bang for your buck. Service is good. Why only 4 stars? The food here isn't the best, unique to some degree but it isn't something that cannot be repeated anywhere else.
4	The "Boobie" is truly a great sandwich for the fall. Prices may seem a bit high for a sandwich joint but it is worth the extra buck or two.
4	I ordered a Capastrami and a Bobbie. The Capastrami I ate within a few minutes of leaving (it's takeout only, so we ate at South Point). The sandwich was incredible. I have 2 restaurants near me that serve giant pastrami sandwiches with cole slaw, and the one from Capriotti's was definitely competitive. The medium was a great size.When I got home to Los Angeles, my girlfriend and I split the Bobbie. It was definitely tasty, but I prefer cream cheese to mayonnaise on my thanksgiving-style sandwiches. The sandwich was a little dry, and only had slightly above average flavor.All in all, I would definitely recommend this place to friends, and I will try to visit the Beverly Hills location. I just can't give 5 stars because of the dining situation and the dry Bobbie.
2	I don't know, I think its overrated. its nothing too special. they over load their sandwiches with mayonnaise, butter, and other oily fats. maybe it's just me since i'm a bit of a health freak. butttt my boyfriend is all about it.
4	We stumbled upon this gem due to finding an Indian restaurant for my traditional grandparents that can't digest anything non traditional. I have developed an aversion to Indian food, due to the constant need to find different locales that offer this culinary delight to my grandparent's pleasure. So, when I saw a sandwich shop, I decided to buy a sandwich along with my mother and my aunt. Whenever I frequent Subway, I always order a foot long, due to my voracious and manly appetite. However, you get more than you bargain for and a small is the only size I could envision myself digesting! It's H-U-G-E! And mmm it was delicious :) My taste buds are singing in a symphony of joy when I envision it...I'm going to jump in the car and GO RIGHT NOW!
4	Had their capastrami and a turkey sandwich, forgot what that was called buy oh my, it was yums! I've heard so many good things about Capriotti's and never had tried it myself, what a big mistake that was! And for me, I'm not much of a sandwich person, but I sure loved eating this. I had to save half of each for home. Downside is that there isn't a seating area but I don't mind eating in the car. It smelled so good, we couldn't wait, so a couple of napkins and we were set. My boyfriend and I are such big fans. Cole slaw and Russian dressing? Genius idea! I want to order that just as a side because I can't get enough of it. And they don't skimp out on the portions, every sandwich came stuffed, I could not fit my mouth around it. Definitely get your money's worth. Move over, Subway!
4	I have only tried one sandwich here and it's so good I have never wanted or even was curious to try out something else. So my rating is only for this particular sandwich : Chicken Philly with no cheese,grilled onions, mushrooms,sweet & hot red/green peppers and a little mayo...Oh Baby, give it to me.... This Capriotti's is uniformly made just like other Capriotti's-service was quick and sufficient. I am sad to see that this Capriotti's doesn't sell Mini "Nothing Bundtcakes" here but instead they serve Tasty Kakes products. People from the East Coast seem to go crazy for Tasty Kakes-I bought the Jelly filled cakes and it was OK, nothing special-I'd rather buy a Twinkie. Anyhow, my sandwich-YUM!!!!
4	Nine inches is small? That's the sort of thing that makes me feel inadequate. I mean, must make other sandwich shops feel inadequate. How are any of these other joints supposed to compete when $7 will get you nine fantastic inches of OFFICIAL cheesesteak. $13 will get you 20 inches. That's a lot of sandwich.And the Capastrami ain't bad either. I have to admit that I've had better pastrami, but I lived three blocks from Katz's for years, so I'm spoiled. However, I do love the flavor combination.The bread, the steak, the smiles, and the value here all justify the enormous wall of awards Capriotti's absolutely deserves.
4	The only thing I ever order is the Bobbie. With a sandwich this good, there is no need to get anything else. The idea of Thanksgiving in a sandwich is brilliant and the person to come up with it should be given an award. Turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce and mayo is the normal combination. I prefer mine with light to little mayo, because the meat is not dry and the cranberry sauce makes sure that the sandwich is not like the Las Vegas landscape. This is a staple for when my friends and I decided to go kayaking down the Colorado River. One small sub was enough to power me through the five to six hour ordeal. Nothing goes along with a day down the river more than a Bobbie in my backpack and some beer dangling behind in the cold river.
4	Thank you YELP! We were in Las Vegas for a day trip (freakin' Time Share presentations) and didn't know where to go for a quick lunch. We looked up the local restaurants on our trusty iPhone app and quickly found this sandwich joint close by.I'm not big on sandwiches at all. I mean, come on! I can make a sandwich at home, why eat out for a sandwich. Well, Capriotti's will make me reconsider the art of the sandwich deli. "The Bobbie" sandwich was highly recommended. Wow, fresh roasted chicken shredded for a lovely sub with stuffing, cranberry sauce . It's thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich! Delicious. I definitely think it's the fresh turkey that makes this sandwich so good. It was huge and genorously stuffed (that's what she said!, Sorry, too good to pass up). Thanks Capriotti!
3	Got "The Bobbie" to see what all the hype was about. It honestly wasn't the greatest sandwich I've ever tasted referring to the sandwiches back in San Francisco, but it was pretty good. Better than Subway for sure!
5	If you come to Vegas you MUST COME HERE. Lemme tell you rite now, this place is SUBWAY ON CRACK.You can't go wrong with Italian or Turkey, since they're pretty standard for subs. I don't know why, but they taste so much better than subway. One thing I do know is that unlike subway or quiznos, they give you lots of meat instead of packing it with tons of lettuce! I've tried the Bobbie, and it's like a Thanksgiving meal packed into a sandwich. It's a hate it- or - love it kinda deal. It wasn't bad, but I'll stick with the Italian.Also, for $13 you get TWENTY INCHES. Yea, 20 inches.I ain't never goin back to subways after this.
5	As good as always!! Capriotti's is definitely another good reason to come to Las Vegas.
2	Seriously?My cheesesteak had barely any meat inside. It was a pathetic combination of meat to bread. Are you that incompetent that you can't even compile a correct sandwich together. They must have been in a rush. THE QUALITY IS LACKING.What a shame... I thought I lucked out having it so close to my house. I'll stick to the one on paradise and harmon.
4	Gigantic sandwiches. 9" is a small here.  Good cheesesteak. Friendly service. Highway patrol eats here. Very reasonably priced for the portions they give you.
5	Capastrami is the Best!!!! The Bobbie is good to but I have to say the Capastrami stole my heart. Whether it be on the to or leaving Vegas I always have to stop by and grab a sandwich. If your going to Vegas, this place is a MUST. FYI- I just came back from Vegas last weekend and they put tables and chairs inside. No more walking to Del Taco to eat. Yay!!!!!!
5	Capriotti's is one of my favorite sandwich shops in Vegas.  Reminds me of the hoagie spot back east.  The sandwiches are huge filled with meat and toppings  I love the cheesesteaks and the italian!  This place is a definite must if you like a good sandwich!
5	Great to see that everyone here loves Capriotti's as well!  I've been coming here for nearly 3 years now and I'm satisfied every single time.  I usually grab their signature subs.  The bobbie and the capastrami are my two favorites.  Great staff and great prices.  Even if you're not a sub-type guy or gal, they have plenty of sandwiches to choose from -- freshly made every time.  If you live in vegas and havent tried capriotti's.. SHAME ON YOU!
3	Not the best sandwich I have had, but better than fast food subs. The Bobby was a unique take, but the rest of the menu was kind of so so.  I had the chicken cheese.  The chicken was good, shredded white meat that tasted fresh and the only reason I'm rating three stars. Be advised, if you like hot pepper, the pepper option is pepper relish that wasn't spicy at all.  This is a take out place! (no public restroom and not much of a seating area).
4	Good sandwiches fast!  In and out in 3 min 35 sec.When I'm in a hurry or late for work I always stop at capriotti'sAs I walk in I'm greeted by the person making the sandwiches. " hello, order when you're ready" I'll have an medium Italian."would you like everything in it?"Yes please! Easy on the onions. Im on my way to work." name please?"They called my name,  paid the cashier, placed tip in jar.Cashier- " beer money! "           Crew- " thank you!"
5	Love the food love the staff. It's everything I want in a sandwich shop.
5	I came here at least once a week when I lived down the street. This is the BIZNASS!!!
5	It was one of those tired nights where we supposedly wanted something "small" since we just had a pretty big meal. My brother suggested Capriotti's. I was stoked as I wanted to try that place the last time we visited.Browsed the menu and I chose the Slaw BeJo which has roast beef, provolone cheese, russian dressing, and cole slaw. It looked unbelievable in the pictures on their menu. My sister-in-law suggested me end my hubs share a large so I chose that (mind you I had no idea it would almost be the same length of a school bus). My family also ordered the Capastrami and Cole Turkey and a chopped italian salad.We went to pick up our order and the bag with the sandwiches in it weighed as much as a toddler. The sandwiches were huge! It could probably feed me for a whole week. I could only eat a quarter of the large and it took a few days to finish since we ordered so much. I must say the sandwich was amazing. I wish we had a Capriotti's in Hawaii. They were voted best sandwiches in Best of Las Vegas so it must be good. Delicious.Now I need to do a Capriotti's run and an In-N-Out run since we don't have those in Hawaii.
4	I feel like I'm cheating on The Bobbie - my former favorite sandwich that is pretty much Thanksgiving in a sandwich... BUT I must give a shout-out to my other two loves... the CheeseSteak AND the Capastrami w/ everything on them.  Totally hits the spot when you're craving a "gourmet" sandwich.
5	I love this place.  And that comes even after mistakes were made.  I was already loyal but once my order was not done right.  I brought it back and it was replaced but they refunded my money and gave me vouchers. I was clear that it was not a big deal but they insisted.
2	I love Capriotti's. Unfortunately, this location disappoints me. I am subjected to go to this location because it is the only one close to me. What I really dislike about this particular location is that they squish the bread so much! If anyone from this location ever reads this please stop squishing the bread while you're packing the sandwich. Every single time I come here the bread always ends up looking so thin and squished. I didn't order a flatbread sandwich. I want a nice and fluffy bread for my sandwich. I'll change my rating only if they stop squishing the bread so much. =\
4	I had just arrived in Las Vegas with my teenage daughter and her gymnastics teammate.  All were hungry, so we used Yelp to find the nearest, highest-rated, cheap place to eat.  We ended up at Capriotti's, and I can't wait to eat here again.  On the recommendation of the guy behind the counter, I had The Bobbie, which is turkey with stuffing and cranberry.  I always say the foundation of a good sandwich is great bread, and The Bobbie I had was a great sandwich.  My daughter and her friend had (what I consider boring) turkey sandwiches on wheat bread.  My daughter's sandwich, in particular, wasn't great, but she always orders her sandwiches dry.  Her friend's sandwich had mayo and mustard on it, and she seemed to really like hers.
5	I love this sandwich shop, and will continue being a return customer! If you are looking for a great sandwich shop, this is the place to check out!!
5	Love this location. First of all it's convenient.i it's at Las Vegas Blvd & Silverado Ranch. But more importantly the food is consistently good. I have never eaten a bad sandwich from this shop. Everything is always fresh and tasty. The service is awesome. I love the fact that EVERYONE gets greeted when they walk in, no matter how busy they are. This is my neighborhood Capriotti's and I love it!
3	A good sandwich, but I didn't think it was the 'second comming' of subs like some think.  As it is 'take out', no bathroom - not a big deal but inconvenient if traveling like we were.  Convenience store next door.
5	The best sandwich shop in the universe. Cant add much to that. The Bobbie, Capristrami, Cheesesteak. I have been here a month, and have been to Capriotis at least 8 times. Great bang for the buck.
3	not as good as they used to be. I used to go to Capriotti's allot to get my steak and mushroom sup fix. it was good but not as good as it used to be.
3	I had never heard of this place before but apparently, there is one in Los Angeles too. Me and my group of friends on our way to Zion National Park in Utah stopped here and I saw a pastrami sandwich so I tried it. After having Langer's Deli in Los Angeles and having their pastrami sandwich, nothing else really compares. Capriotti's Capastrami sandwich does not compare to Langer's legendary #19. The Capastrami comprises of hot pastrami in a roll with cole slaw, swis cheese, and Russian dressing. I added cucumbers and tomatoes to add extra health value to it. Ultimately, the sandwich was oversauced. I could not taste the pastrami at all and I felt a little sick afterwards.One of my other friends ordered the "Bobbi" sandwich which consisted of turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce to give it the Thanksgiving theme. The sandwich was way too heavy for the quarter portion that I had. One of my other buddies told me that the Italian sandwich was good so maybe I should have gotten that. Either way, this sandwich shop is okay. Not the best I have had, but by and large not the worst. If there had been less sauce on the Capastrami, I would have given this place a higher rating.
3	Pretty good, I'm still not sure what all the hype is about. I don't go out of my way to go eat here, there's limited seating and they overcharge for their bottled drinks like snapple/pure leaf tea etc.I paid $2.99 for a pure leaf tea and saw it at Vons that same day for $1.00.They only have white bread no wheat or healthier selections....
5	Better than Earl Sandwich!! Don't believe me, try it and find out! Everytime I'm in Vegas, it's our first stop in getting a bite to eat before the maddness begins.Eat half there and save the other half for later. You can thank me later!Enjoy!
5	Where do I start. The Bobby sandwich is excellent.  There service is great always friendly and the wait time is 10-15 minutes top. I was so happy to find out that's there's another location in Green Valley Casino which is very close to our house.
5	How the HECK? I honestly thought that I wrote about this place months back (July 8th). Anyway, CAPRIOTTI'S is the BEST sandwich shop in the universe. I'm being dramatic and yes...I'm exaggerating, but that is TRUE! I love their SUB SANDWICHES! Especially the Bobbi! OH, BOBBI! ::drools like Homer Simpson:: I also ordered the other subs, but the BOBBI is the one that stands out above the rest. I love the sauce, I love the cabbage, I love the meat, I love it ALL! I was so sad when I had to leave VEGAS and travel back home to LA, but guess what.....a week after my BREAK-UP from the LV Capriotti's, I found one "GRAND OPENING" of a Capriotti's in MY AREA! Commence song!: "REunnnnnnnnited and it feeelsssss so GOOD!"Immediately, I drove in and bought BOBBI back into my life. I was so happy that I HAD to share this with the FAMILY. I bought it for friends, and they FELL IN LOVE with it, and now....my Family-Family will experience the same! FYI, the one closest to me is in Azusa-Covina area, next to the Chuck-E-Cheese towards Azusa Pacific University!
3	I love Capriotti's but I wasn't in love with the service at this location. They weren't super rude; they just seemed...uninterested, almost slightly annoyed that we were ordering. We ordered and then walked to another store and when we came back the cook told us they didn't have enough of the ingredient needed to make the sandwich we ordered. Totally cool, shit happens, but I wish they would've said something when we ordered. Also, there is no soda machine, so be prepared to pay for a can of something. It wasn't terrible, I just wasn't blown away like I've come to expect from Capriotti's. I give them 3 brusque stars.
5	The Italian and the Bobbie are my favorite sandwiches in all of Las Vegas.
5	We were looking for a place to eat around the area and we had to try a place that has a 4+ star rating. As soon as you look at the place, all you see are awards ranging from 2006 - 2012. Capriotti's Sandwich Shop was voted best sandwich shop in Las Vegas for 6 years. It lives up to the hype and the awards. We tried the Chicken Cheesesteak and the Capastrami. Two amazingly delicious sandwiches. Its hard to put words on paper about the fireworks that was going off in my mouth and satisfaction my tummy felt bite after bite. Next time we are in Las Vegas, We will surly be back and try the Bobbi that everyone else on yelp talks about. Woohoo!!! I can't get enough of Capriotti's Sandwich Shop. Looking forward to trying the Bobbi.
4	Primo sandwhiches - I usually go for the philly steak or the Bobbie. Love this location too. Always great service. If I could change anything I wish they would bring back their entertainment book coupons.
4	I've never been a huge fan of Capriotti's but apparently I'm the only one I can't knock the customer service or cleanliness of this location because both are greatMaybe it's just one of those things that I have to have multiple times to finally love
5	The Bobbie was a delicious. Like Thanksgiving in your mouth. It's so good once it hits your lips it's so good
4	A great selection and great services. Not the best I've had, but very good.
3	I went there for lunch and ordered a ham & cheese sub. There was a line of people so it took them about 20 mins to make the sub. The employees were friendly and seemed to be working hard getting all the orders out without too much delay. As for the sub - it was meh! The ingredients seemed fresh enough but the bread was far from the best bread I have had on a sub. Maybe people like it because it is really sweet but I would rather have bread that tastes like bread! Maybe the cooked sandwiches are better but I wouldn't order another cold one.
3	We walked here from the last monorail stop in 112 degree heat because I thought it was going to be that good, it wasn't.
4	Amazing sandwiches which taste even better than the 8 million pictures on Yelp. I got the bobbie and the capastrami. I love sandwiches, everyone loves sandwiches. These sandwiches are huge and full of flavor. I'm going to offend some people and say these sandwiches are the best in Las Vegas... yes, even better than Earl of Sandwiches. You get way more for your money. I'll be trying the rest of their sandwiches next time i'm in town. This is a another must try spot if you are visiting Vegas.
3	I've heard about these shops and this one is in my neighborhood, right next to the comic shop I go to. I won't say it's bad, but they have a limited selection of sandwiches and they make you feel like you have to know a secret password to tell them what you wanted on it, or they assumed you knew everything that came on it, even though the menu doesn't say much. The second time I went in there I ordered a Grilled Italian sandwich, and when I said I wanted Mayonnaise, the employee responded with "on the sandwich?" Ummm... I just ordered a sandwich and asked for Mayo, do you think I want it in my soda or spread on my car in the parking lot? YES ON THE SANDWICH!I'll stick to Subway, better service and ingredients.
5	I look forward to eating here every time I come to Las Vegas. I got the 20" cheesesteak, a 12" bobbie for the wife and a grilled cheese for the boy. I receive friendly service and would recommend this place to out-of-towners like me who get tired of eating at their hotel restaurants.
5	Great sandwiches. Just a lil pricey
4	Got sick of Subway on this road trip, so this is a refreshing variety. Friendly staff is always a plus. Too bad we didn't have time to try their hot subs.
5	First of all, the great service at this location cannot be replaced. I lived down the street from this Capriotti's but I moved further away this last month and yet I still go to this location! The guys are hilarious and accommodating. It's just always a pleasant experience at this particular location.Secondly, the food is just as great if not better than the service. If you love sandwiches, you'll love Capriotti's. I've taken so many of my friends for their first Capriotti's experience here, and literally not one of them have ever been disappointed.If you're vegetarian, try the veggie turkey. It's amazing!!! I cannot stop raving about that sandwich. I ate it everyday for two months haha. If you're not vegetarian, try the Bobbie! It's basically a Thanksgiving dinner on a sandwich.Long story, short, come to this Capriotti's! You won't be disappointed.
5	Yum! Our to go sandwich shop every time we first get into Vegas. The sandwiches are so humongous and delicious.  If you think Earls is good, this place is way better!  The employee there are super nice and will give you what you need.  I love this place every time I come to Vegas! Makes for great leftover for midnight snacking:)
5	Excellent sandwiches...the robbie and the cole turkey were fantastic!!! Service was quick, seating is really limited but as deli's go this is one of the best!
5	Great, friendly, and fast service during the lunch rush.  Bobbie sandwich was everything I wanted it to be.  Beats eating lunch in the smokey casino across the street easily.
4	They make some good of the best sandwiches I have had. I would stay away from the homemade turkey sandwich on wheat as that was the only sandwich I had there I was not satisfied with.I usually get the Capistrami with extra hot peppers or the cheesesteak with extra hot and onions. Always get good friendly service and I call in my order for pickup most of the time.
5	After living in vegas for two years from Boston I can finally say I found a sandwich shop that can deliver an east coast classic steak and cheese sub! Great steak and warm soft sub roll combine to bring utopia to your taste buds. Two thumbs up from me.
4	Cute little sandwich shop , the people were friendly and helpful , the atmosphere was happy and welcoming , I ordered the cheese steak 9" sub with Gilled onions . The bread was a little soft  for my liking but the steak was cooked perfect and there were plenty of steak , cheese and onions , the prices are very reasonable :) overall very satisfied and would return for another great sandwich :)
5	They make the best philly cheese steak I have ever ate. Super friendly staff. Great service. Do not have to wait forever to get your sandwich. Easy location to get in and out of. Make sure you try it at least once, and I promise you'll be back.
4	Quality sandwiches. I've tried enough of the menu to know that you won't be disappointed with regard to taste, portion, or service. This is the best sandwich chain I've come across.
5	The Caprastrami may be the best sandwich I've ever had anywhere.And the guys working there couldn't be any friendlier. What an awesome place!
4	I really love their sandwiches.  The meat they use is fresh, definitely not deli style on their specialty sandwiches.  It is one of my favorite places to get a sandwich that is worth anything...nothing else compares to the quality.
5	100 % The best around
5	What a hidden gem!  This is a small (about 5-6 tables), strip mall sandwich shop on the south end of town that grills up some delicious subs and sandwiches right before your eyes.  My family of four enjoyed several of the homemade roast turkey sandwiches (my wife said her hot turkey club had incredible flavor).  I tried their Reuben sandwich - it ranks up there with the best I've had, and will definitely order it again.  During our 5-day stay in Vegas, we stopped by twice for lunch.  These guys work hard for your business!  The service and value are outstanding, and they seem to do an enormous amount of carryout, as witnessed by (literally) grocery sacks of subs going out the door with customers during the lunch hour.  To go with your sandwich order, they also offer a variety of bottled sodas and teas, along with family-sized bags of chips (this was nice, as we purchased one bag of chips to share with everyone), and a couple of (what appeared to be) home baked desserts.
5	Holy Moses!!!! Best chicken cheesesteak I've ever had!!! I highly recommend this place.
5	this is the best sandwich shop ever! I always get the Cheese Steak and my husband gets the Cap Pastrami!! Love this place. I always give a tip!! "BEER MONEY" is what they say when someone gives them a tip!!
5	Walked in and asked what the favorite sandwich is. She said italian, and I said sounds great. 12" sub on really great bread, tasty meats all the fixings, I don't think I could eat the whole sandwich it was filling. I are half and it was perfect. Very friendly staff, like walking into Cheers where everybody knows your name.
5	Sub was huge, I had the 20" Bobbi and loved it but def couldn't finish the whole sub.. I'll def be back to try some of the other subs that they offer
5	Been there twice. First was a good philly cheese steak. Second time, had the infamous Bobbie. Both great.
2	Customers can't use the bathroom????? We pay your bills!!!! They ran out of bread last time I was here. Usually great food but.........
5	I had the Bobbi and my wife had the Pastrami. Both we absolutely amazing and I would recommend both to anyone.
1	My review was deleted here for some reason, so I will repost it. I ordered a large cheesesteak with mushrooms and peppers.  I drove home to my condo right next door.  When I unwrapped the paper, meat went everywhere.  The sandwich was ripped, squashed, and looked unsafe to eat.  I drove back to Capriotti's and asked to talk to the manager.  He looked at the sandwich and asked me "what's wrong with it?".  I asked if he was serious and if he would like to eat it, my treat.  He said he did not want to eat it as he had one earlier.  They did not offer a replacement or my money back.  I left the sandwich at the store and hit up the del taco right next to it.  Sad that food quality is better at a cheap taco store. I paid  like 16$ for the sandwich at Capriotti's.  what a joke. Picture attached.  See for yourself.
1	My review was deleted here for some reason, so I will repost it. I ordered a large cheesesteak with mushrooms and peppers.  I drove home to my condo right next door.  When I unwrapped the paper, meat went everywhere.  The sandwich was ripped, squashed, and looked unsafe to eat.  I drove back to Capriotti's and asked to talk to the manager.  He looked at the sandwich and asked me "what's wrong with it?".  I asked if he was serious and if he would like to eat it, my treat.  He said he did not want to eat it as he had one earlier.  They did not offer a replacement or my money back.  I left the sandwich at the store and hit up the del taco right next to it.  Sad that food quality is better at a cheap taco store. I paid  like 16$ for the sandwich at Capriotti's.  what a joke. Picture attached.  See for yourself.
5	Where to begin where this delicious sandwich shop!!! I had thirteen guest in my party and we all enjoyed our meals very much. I ordered a medium meatball with provolone cheese and pickles...it was so tasty I bought a second one. My husband ordered the Philly cheese steak and he really enjoyed it. They also ordered the capastrami and we really enjoyed it as well...another sandwich was the turkey....least favorite.  On top of the food being delicious, the staff is amazingly friendly!There was nothing bad to say about this place with the exception of the very limited sitting space. There are four tables with three seats each TOTAL.IF YOUR IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY STOP BY!!!!
5	Honesty, I don't know anything about the food here, but your sign twirler is awesome! I was entertained while waiting at the stop light. I will definitely try a sandwich soon!
5	Best sandwich is the sausage and peppers with Marinara and some of their hot peppers. Get the 20 inch and heat up the other half the following day. It's even better left over. Not all locations are perfect, but this one is fantastic.
4	We stopped because of the reviews very accurate very good. The place is small not many seats. I had the turkey my wife had the roast beef both were very good. The only thing I did not like was the bread could've been better tasted like a large hot dog bun.We will be back!
1	Sandwiches are generally pretty good here. Unfortunately, they are wrapped so tight that they look like a pretzel. All twisted and smashed.  The last time I got a cheesesteak, I brought it back to my condo, opened it up and meat went everywhere.  The bread was smashed and torn. It looked like someone kicked it around the floor.  I drove back to Capriotti's and asked for a replacement. The manager asked me why I didn't want to eat that one.  He acted like that is what the sandwich should have looked like.  I told him to keep the sandwich and left.  Went to hogans by PTs. It was a lot better
5	I don't know where to begin I been coming here for a long time. 8 years at least? It's been almost that long. This location has never been a disappointment and my go spot in this area.
3	I like the sandwiches & the proximity to home is appealing.But the customer service was not the business at all. They're slow, unfriendly & very to themselves. The quality is what you'd expect from a chain sandwich store.
4	Holy mofo! this spot is legit. The Bobbie is amazing. Feels like thanksgiving any day of the year.
5	I've been coming to this Capriotti's for a while now because it's on my way to work on the strip, but I keep coming back because the food is always consistently good and the staff are super friendly. Also if you do their surveys you save $3 which is totally worth 1 minute of your time, who doesn't like to save a little money? Definitely stop in to this Capriotti's if you're in the area.
5	The Bobbie was a good call. Good ol thanksgiving leftover sandwich. Pretty nice portions too
5	Capistrami's & Bobbi's. A great place for sandwiches. Convenient and not too expensive, worth every cent. Great place. And, unlike a few of the other Cap's locations around town, this location is nice & clean.
4	Delicious sub!! I love how the turkey is shredded.  Tasty dressing on the sandwich gave it great flavor.  My only small comment is that the turkey ended up being a bit dry  because there was so much.  If the dressing had been on the meat, it would have been perfect.  WAY better than Subway :)
5	I cant think of sandwich shops anywhere that i enjoy more than caps! Now im sure there are shops around who might have a specific sandwich they are better at, but for those who have not tried this place (any location really), trust most reviews and go check this place out. They are famous for the bobbie, which is overrated imo. Their cheesesteak  is best.
1	I went elsewhere to pick my dinner up because they didn't think it important to include a phone number. It doesn't make sense.
5	I have been to this location 3 times and all times the workers were lovely and efficient. Personally, I like to do take out because I like to take my Sammies home and toast them before I inhale them but I've had the Bobbie, Capastrami & Slawbe Joe and I always go with the Bobbie every time now.
