4	Lucky's is your typical New York style pizza.. thin, chewy crisp crust.. ample toppings, great calzones and prices! They also make this lasagna pizza, ground pork, mozzarella, red sauce and ricotta.. oh yeah!
4	Great New York style pizza and great wings. Good deal and great people with a great sense of humor. You can tell they actually enjoy what they are doing. This has become a quick favoite of ours for takeout and even eat in.
4	The real deal when it comes to NY style pizza.......I think the owner's are New Yorker's (maybe I'm wrong.....i just get that impression), so that makes it even better.  We've been eating their pizza and wings for 4 years now.  Something I like just as much as their pizza and wings is their consistency.  It's always the exact same food, time after time.  We never get any surprises.
4	I was born and raised in Illinois so I'm somewhat partial to the Chicago Style pizza with the sweeter sauce, I do however find Lucky's to be one of the better pizza places in the area, The owners have a new york brashness with thick accents and like to joke with the customers "we no make small, Ok, for you we make small" *overheard once waiting for my pizza" I've been here a few times for lunch when I used to work in the area, lunch specials can be had for about $5 including drink, and this has been one of our go to pizza places for dinner, the slices are large, best eaten folded, the wings are good quality in comparison to some less than desirable wings I've had other places. I don't think they deliver but every time I call for takeout they always say 10-15min and whenever I show up 10-15min later a hot fresh pie is waiting for me.  For the price of a generic like Papa Johns or Pizza Hut (which I technically only classify as pizza by definition) some good NY style pizza and wings can be head.My pick for NY Style pizza on the west side
4	I walked into lucky's tonight to find it busier than I've ever seen it. Despite that they were still making sure everyone got acknowledged and got the correct order. The food was awesome as usual, my sister-in-law seemed to especially enjoy the fried zuchinni being that there was none left.  I'm glad to see a local business like this thriving despite an economy where so many family owned establishments are closing their doors.
5	Lucky's is great. The ingredients are fresh and it's always a good pie. You can't beat their lunch special. It's a nice alternative to the big chain pizza places. Try their lasagna too, it's really good.
3	When I used to live in Surprise this was my favorite pizza place.  Not too greasy, always cooked perfectly (I like my pizza well done), yummy cheese, crispy crust, and tasty sauce.  The guys who work there are always very friendly.  They don't have wait service, you just order to go or sit in the booths, it's totally casual.  A good family place.  They also have cheap beer if I remember correctly.  I've never tried anything besides the pizza because I enjoyed it so much!  They don't deliver, I wish they did!
2	I may have to try this again - haven't tried them since we moved here about 4 years ago.  HATED it.  Bread was chewey and the cheese tasted like rubber.  Just not good for me.  But then we are both pizza snobs.  My husband thinks it's passable - but if I'm going to eat the calories I want awesome pie.  Since so many seem to love it I may give another chance, but based on several inital tries they are "Lucky" to even get 2 stars from me unti proven otherwise...stay tuned.
4	Lucky's is the real deal for NY style pizza. If you don't like that style, don't eat it and then trash it in a review.  They are friendly and quick.  The wings are great because they deep fry them instead of baking them.  Makes a huge difference.  Awesome place.
3	I was starving after a crazy drive to Arizona and waiting another two hours for my friend's aunt, but the pizza was fast, cheesy and delicious, but INCREDIBLE crispy texture, but the sauce was thumbs down not good but I was completely filled and happy.
5	Great pizza! Definitely recommend!  My favorite "non corporate" pizza place.  *side note* The twins are hot!
5	if you want true New York Pizza this is the place to eat. There Pizza is thin like NY and really tastes great and the Gravy & Cheese is very tasty. The staff and owner are very friendly. I have been going there for 5 years and have not had a bad meal at all. If you are a New Yorker you really need to go to Lucky's Pizza
5	I have been to this place 3 times and each time it has been just great.  Great pizza - I've had the same pizza each time; the Lucky Special, and I tell, it just can't get much better.  Great sauce, great crust and the toppings are thick and tasty.  I have recommended this place to all my friends and to a lot of people that I meet from out of town.  (I am in the travel business so I see a lot of out of town visitors).
5	We just love to come to Lucky's,  we love the Lucky's Special.  We have been coming to Lucky's since arriving here 7 years ago from Wisconsin.The Special has oodles of fresh cut veggies, pepperoni, etc.  We are seniors and get the medium, enough for us to have for lunch the next day.
4	Disclaimer: Having moved to Surprise from the NYC area only a year ago, I am a self-proclaimed pizza snob. Having said that, while I have yet to find pizza in the area that comes close to being "NY Style", (and we've tried lots of places), Lucky's is our favorite. We order it "light on the cheese" and it makes a world of a difference. Compared to Sicilian or Chicago style pizza, yes it's thin, but it's not NY thin.
4	Love, love, love those steak sandwiches---and pizza.
5	Been in Surprise area for 5 years and have just now found the best pizza in the valley. Good prices, good food, nice employees.
5	After reading all the reviews, we decided to give it a try for dinner.  Pizza was very good.  The staff was extremely friendly.  Not a fancy place, just a great food and cold beer.
4	just happen to drive by and noticed this pizza joint hidden on Reems! So since i have been trying to try out every pizza joint out in the west valley! I stopped by and had a slice. i usually have my pizza well done, since I like the crust and doe to be crunch! But since I was in a rush and didn't ask for it. Pizza was still great, sauce, cheese, and peperoni had a lot of flavors! Everyone was very friendly, seemed like all the customers were having a good time. I will diffidently come back with the wife and try it again!!
5	Coldest beer in Surprise! Wings are the bomb!
5	Great pizza and awesome wings! The staff is friendly and funny. The food is always good and very reasonable. Even during the busy days/nights, you never have to wait for very long. They also have good deals on pizza and wings.
5	Simply put this place is outstanding.  Great food, great guys that run it, decent atmosphere if you eat in and always fast if you're getting take out.  Love it.
5	Best pizza in Surprise, so yes that's as good as it it gets!  Great pepperoni pizza, nice crust, great flavors, and they give you a large amount of pizza.  A large is actually a large here.  I mistakenly bought 2 large pizzas and have enough for 2 days.  I love the pizza here and great specials on wings and pizza if you need to feed a small army.I only have one wish, offer delivery???  I would get pizza form here more often, but it is a drive for me.  I am accustomed to pizza being brought to me, just seems like a normal business practice for pizza now.  So if that did not make any sense they do not deliver.  You will have to go get it or sit and eat.
5	We just love to come to Lucky's,  we love the Lucky's Special.  We have been coming to Lucky's since arriving here 7 years ago from Wisconsin.The Special has oodles of fresh cut veggies, pepperoni, etc.  We are seniors and get the medium, enough for us to have for lunch the next day.
4	We tried Lucky's last night and I am definitely a fan!  Their prices are great and they have specials too.  We ordered a large pepperoni and a large sausage and olive pizza.  The ingredients are noticeably higher quality than that of the regular chain pizza restaurant.  The sausage was what really made me love it though.  Shaved pieces of Italian sausage blanketed the pizza.  Seriously, you have to try it!  My parents are now fans too.
5	We were looking for GOOD NY-style pizza and great wings.  We found both at Lucky's Pizza!  It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.  Their pizza, calzone, and wings are awesome!  We love the delicious and fresh pizza with great quality ingredients.  Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!  We are "regulars" there and are never disappointed!  We are definitely fans and feed our family of 6 (with leftovers)...very filling and tasty.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!    (Delivery would make it PERFECT, but it's WORTH the drive...about 10 minutes each way....we pass by (4) other pizza joints on the way so I hope that's saying ALOT!)
1	The first time we tried Lucky's was maybe six years ago. I didn't like it then. Hard to remember what we ordered, perhaps a Sicilian style, but either the crust or sauce or something else turned us off and we decided not to go back. Until a couple of weeks ago, when, having exhausted just about every other food place in Surprise two dozens times over, I came up with the jolly idea of getting us some Lucky's again based on all the good reviews. And I hated it just as much this time around as the first. UGH.The only positive thing I can say about this place is that they give you a ~monstrous~ amount of pizza. Imagine a large pizza box precisely filled with a giant square BRICK of a pizza, easily an inch and a half tall and cut into square slices. That's what we got. I'd say it was over 3 pounds of pizza; flavorless and gross. I found it breathtaking that it had that little taste. This was a supreme pizza that tasted through and through like I was eating play-doh. Olives, sauce, cheese, crust, the works. To top it off, the mushrooms were slimy, canned champignons and not fresh at all, and tasted as though they'd just been pulled out of someone's nose. I've had some pretty bad pizza in my time, most of them I'd liken to eating chewy, dry cardboard. This was the first one that was this big and relatively succulent and STILL tasted gross.I stomached maybe six slices over two sorry-ass sittings before throwing about 2/3 of the pizza away. Two pounds' worth of "food", down the sh1tter. I don't know where the mass delusion about this place comes from, but I'll never return. If I want a gutbuster special, especially now that Bronco Billy's is gone, I'll head to Rays just down the road instead. Plus, Lucky's is overpriced. A large and a smaller pizza cost us $30. Most of the smaller pizza was thrown away too - I didn't try any of that one so I'm not reviewing it, but the wife said she was incredibly unimpressed with it, and it was just a plain cheese. If it all tasted good it would have been worth it - I'd have paid that and more for a Chuck Wagon Special from Billy's - but the lack of flavour and value drops my rating of this joint to a bottom-of-the-barrel single star. And just for proverbials and giggles: http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=inspectionResultsDrillDownAA&permit=FD-05766&business=Lucky's%20Pizza&address=15508%20W%20Bell%20Rd%20Suite%20207&insp_id=3182324
5	Really good pizza! I never knew they were here before. Dragnet and I went with his mom for lunch here. It was like $5 for 2 huge slices of pizza and a soda. 4 different lunch specials. Cant complain at all. Nice family run business. They have a huge menu with more than pizza. Now that I know it's here, I'll be back.
2	Been here twice. Not a fan. First time was good. Had the 2 slice pizza and drink combo for $4.00Tonight we had pizza and wings. Wings are super hot, for medium. Not too happy about that. Although they did offer after awhile of seein my daughters mouth on fire to tame them down. But then they came back cold. $45 plus for so so food. No thanks. Good for lunch combos - that's about it. Sucks because I'm all about supporting independent business owners.
5	Terrific Sicilian pie. Perfect, crispy crust. My wife said the regular pizza was excellent too. We're both from NYC.   We'll return to try the rest of the menu.
4	We like Lucky's. We like Lucky's because the family that owns it is great. They are friendly, customer service oriented and work at producing great food for a good price. We have used Lucky's as our go to pizza shop for the past year. We have tried a lot of different pizzas on the menu, and have had the Chicken Parmi sandwiches. Excellent. Having had pizza all over the U.S., I can say that I am content with having used Lucky's as our only pizza shop for the past year. Large pie, large wings, usually about $25 and we're set for the night. 2 pies, one with everything on it, an additional 1 topping pie, and 25 wings will usually run us about $38. We get smoking hot pie that tastes great, and leaves us with a smile on our faces. What more could you want?When I mentioned customer service, we had an experience that allowed us to drive BACK to Lucky's from Wittmann. We ordered 2 pies. Upon arrival back at the house, SOMMMMMMEONE "forgot" there was a pie on the back seat. Upon opening the car door, Someone watched a large pizza tumble from the back seat, out of the box, sliding down and along the back seat, down the door frame, and onto the ground. Dirt pizza anyone? Nope. A quick call had a new pie ready to go in 20 minutes, faster than it took Someone to drive down to atone for their sins. Why the review now? Because I've read about Ray's and we've decided to try it tonight. A review WILL be written.
5	I admit it.  I'm a pizza snob.  I grew up in New Jersey and know the difference between good pizza and bad pizza.  Good pizza is "anything you could serve in Lodi, N.J. and not have your body found in the dumpster behind the store the next morning."  Bad pizza constitutes about 99.999% of the rest of the pizza in the world.  Having voluntarily moved out of N.J. at age 18 to attend college (I didn't feel the need to major in herpes, Camaro repair, or ab workouts, so my options were severely limited there), I was taken aback at the culinary wasteland that exists west of the Passaic river.  I found this abomination called "frozen pizza" in grocery stores under names like Red Baron and the very appropriately named "Tombstone."  I found racks of pizza-like-substances in truck stops, obviously part of a nefarious plan to punish the bathroom attendants working there.  And worst of all, there were restaurants called "Pizza Hut," which emanated a neon red siren-call to me as I drove down the highway.  In what I attribute mostly to road-hypnosis (staring at the white dotted line for hours at a time), the talking koala bear in my passenger seat finally convinced me to stop at one of these places.  After being slapped back into reality by ingesting over a half-gallon of pure grease, and utterly disgusted with my furry friend's trickery, I snuck out when he went to the little-koala-bear's-room and peeled out of the parking lot, sticking him with the bill.  I hope washing those dishes ruined his fur.  From that point on, rather than return to New Jersey (as if that were a viable option), I decided to scour the vast majority of this great nation in search of edible pizza.  I spent many of those years living with soul-crushing disappointment.  Lucky for me, I finally found Lucky's.  The owners have cleverly tucked this gem away in a strip mall 20+ miles out of the burgeoning metropolis that is Phoenix, Arizona, where damn near no one who lives in the entire valley will ever find it.  Hell, most people who live in Phoenix couldn't find Surprise without a GPS, so the chances of someone from Mesa or Chandler wandering in are roughly the same as being given the winning Powerball ticket by a lonely koala covered in pizza grease and dishwashing detergent.  After one taste, I was hooked.  After living less than a mile away from the place for the past decade, I'm pretty sure I've financed at least one of the cars parked outside of it.  Mercifully, they don't deliver, otherwise I'm not sure I could fit through my front door at this point.  From reading other yelp reviews, it appears that Lucky's has other items on the menu.  I never noticed.
5	This is by far the best pizza in Surprise. The wings are fried to perfection and their salads are delicious. I have not ordered pizza from anywhere else since I started eating here. I order twice a week.  It is worth the short drive.
5	Friendly service and nice environment. Pizza is tasty and not too expensive! You cant purchase by the slice which is convenient.
3	We've gotten take out a couple of times and while the wings are very good, my primary complaint is that the pizza crust is soggy. There is nothing worse than soggy crust on a pizza. It doesn't matter what we've gotten for toppings...the crust isn't crisp or even remotely having that bite to it that makes pizza crust so yum. It's not like the pizza is sitting around long. It takes us less than 7 minutes to get home and we eat it immediately.One day soon I'll come and dine in to really see if it's the crust or if its just the fact that I've gotten it as take-out. But all in all, a decent enough place to try out on a Friday night if you are looking for something beyond the typical chains.
1	If you want NY style pizza save your money and head to NYPD! Quality and cleanliness of NYPD is worth the extra $! The smell of the place smelled like a kids play place. Right away I was questioning the cleanliness of this place but ignored my thoughts as we continued on to order and give it a shot anyway.  As we waited for the pizza at a table I continued to question our decision to eat there. The floor looked like it wasn't very clean, the table was sticky and it smelled. Having a kid with a heart condition and needing to make sure things are extra clean I was screaming inside but we had already placed our order and our money had been spent. The tray that the pizza came on smelled like it wasn't clean. Like a dish that sat in milky water and sort of got washed but no special close attention paid to really cleaning it. As a result the pizza also had that taste to it. We managed to eat it anyway, wanting to not feel it was a total loss. Telling my daughter to finish up so we could go for ice cream, SHE FINDS A HAIR IN HER PIZZA SLICE! We all immediately drop our slices cleaned up our table and left. NEVER AGAIN.
4	Great lunch specials especially the sandwiches and subs. I especially love their chicken wings...they do them right every time. I'm not a big fan of thin pizza and the several times I have tired a variety of their pizzas I have been disappointed however one exception is their Lucky's Special Pizza.....this is so mouth watering even though its thin crusted I think I will stick to this from now on LOL. The staff is friendly they have TV's to view and the booths are comfortable.
5	Sometimes you forget to write in support of your favorite places.  I've been to Lucky's probably a dozen times and now it's the only place I'll go for pizza.  Others in Surprise are good but these guys are the best for me. Any Napolitana combo is good and the White pizza and Siciliana special are great.
5	Great wings and the hot sandwich was delish!  Definitely going back again. .
3	Let me preface this one by saying I only went here because a friend of mine chose it for her celebration.  There are just way too many fantastic pizza places around the valley and nearby to sort of waste your tastebuds on Lucky's.  The pizza was extremely bland and lackluster.  My friend and I shared a jalapeno and meatball pizza.  Thankfully, the jalapenos and nice seasoning to the meatballs saved it.  But the sauce was seriously lacking.  You may be wondering why I gave it 3 stars?  Well...that's because their hot wings were delicious!  Their sauce was so tasty that several of us dipped our pizza crust in it.  Boy what a difference it made!  If you're in the area, you may want to just grab up some of these wings of theirs and take them home.  Lucky's is just too plain and boring to order much else there.
5	Lucky's Pizza is a really great Pizza and at a reasonable price.  I also really like the fact that they deliver.
4	I've been coming here for 10 years, and have never been disappointed. The pizza and wings here are great, and the staff are very friendly.
4	They're not skimpy with the toppings. Ordered olives and mushrooms and got a sea of veggies.  The cheese is good quality and the toppings taste fresh. About 16 bucks for a half and half large pizza (and I do mean large!) fed us all four with some left over. Will try the wings next time.
1	Smelly Feet. After seeing multiple positive reviews we decided to try Lucky's.  From our experience we will not be going back. We ordered two relatively easy pizzas to go: 1 large pepperoni & 1 large sausage/mushroom. Both had an extremely strange smell which we weren't sure if it was from a) the box b) the pizza oven or c) the pizza itself. The closest thing I can describe the smell to is smelly feet.  Maybe Lucky's had an unlucky night but until I have a craving for stinky feet we'll stay away.
5	Fantastic food and service! I brought my family in there last week and there food is phenomenal. True New York style food pizza, wings, pastas everything luckys has to offer is amazing. Family owned and great service and hospitality. I will be back!!
5	we have been going to lucky pizza for over ten years.   best kept secret in surprise. meals are reasonable priced.  check out the chicken parmesan excellent.
3	Mostly average, but I would give 3.5 stars if I could...Crust was boring, sauce was bland and minus a point for canned vegetables :(On the positive side, they are generous with the toppings and the service was pretty good.Find a new dough recipe, add some spice to your sauce use fresh vegetables for 5 stars.
2	Please check your bill for overcharging. Another time they did not give correct change. Sauce is bland. It is OK pizza for Arizona. Not impressed. I don't even think the owners Italian. Some weird accents. Nice try, I guess.
1	$38 for 2 large cheese pizzas and 20 wings. In New York they don't even charge that much.
4	We've passed by many times and have wanted to try. Being from the East Coast, I'm really picky with my pizza. Walked in, grabbed a menu and immediately saw a delicious looking pizza. I asked what the pizza was in the photo and the girl behind the counter looked at it puzzled, then she looked at the 2 guys working with her, pointed to the picture asking them what the pizza was. Both of the guys laughed and said "It's just a picture". So I wanted clarification, and asked them if that photo was of their pizza or not. This time the girl laughed and said "No, it's just a picture". Really? What self-respecting pizza joint uses a stock photo of another pizza for their pizza? And let's say in some alternative universe they do use another pizza picture... at least be prepared for the question! Lie to me... say it's a specialty pizza. Say anything! But to say "It's just a picture" is just ridiculous. We ordered a large specialty Sicilian pizza. It was PACKED with a ton of toppings. When I lifted the box off the counter, it felt like it weighed 5 pounds. It was at least 1 1/2" high... impressive! Taste... the toppings were delicious and so was the crust. The sauce was very good, not perfect, but very good. Overall, the pizza was fantastic. It sucks to not be able to give them 5 stars. Honestly, the "It's just a picture" combined with the laughing should deduct 2 stars. But I'll be nice and chalk it up to imbecillic behaviorSo yeah, 5 stars minus 1 for the foolishness. I'd visit again. I just won't point to any photos on the menu.
4	I like supporting family businesses. This place has great wings. The pizza is good but not a fan of the cheese. The crust can improve too. Overall it's good enough to continue to go back for more. The prices are ok. They have good ongoing specials, but I'd like to see different specials or deals. They don't have as many deals as their competitors.  Definitely worth a try if you are looking to get pizza from a new place.
4	Lucky's is great if you're looking for this style of pizza. Authentic, great toppings (broccoli my favorite!) and the atmosphere is awesome. The family here is so warm, all of them really funny, always making me laugh when I go in there! Thank you for being the first great food experience I had upon moving to Surprise!
4	I had a strong pizza craving and I didn't feel like driving too far.  My buddy Kate M. had written a review about Lucky's Pizza awhile back and I noticed they were close (still not sure if they are owned by the same folks or not) by so I decided to give them a try.  I called up and placed my order for a Large Cheese Pizza.  They don't ask for your name or phone number, instead they give you a number and tell you how long it will be.  I was told I was #7 and that it would be 15 minutes.  I drove on down, walked inside, paid the lady my money and took my pizza to go.  Friendly folks working there.  Now onto the pizza..............Large Cheese Pizza ($12.95)-  This thing was nice and big.  The first thing I noticed was that it had a ton of cheese on it.  It also had a little "sheen" to it.  That can be bad sometimes if the pizza is too greasy.  This was not the case here.  No drips of grease anywhere to be found.  I picked up my first slice and noticed that it was just a tad droopy.  I bit in though and was pleasantly Surprise(d) Arizona.....bwahahaha... The taste was great.  Good cheese, good sauce, decent crust.  Next time I come back, I will ask them to cook it well done.  If the cheese had a little brown on it and the crust had just a tad bit of a "crisp", this pizza would have been fantastic!  It was good as is, but could be taken to another level with an extra few minutes in the oven.  This pizza is one of those types that does get better the more you eat though.  First slice I liked, second slice I ate faster, third slice I started to pick up little subtleties that convinced me it was a pretty darn good pizza.  Is it comparable to my favorite, Grimaldis?  Nope.   Is it way better than any chain type place?  Yep!  Will I come back because its a good value, its a local business, it tasted pretty good and its close to my house?  Definitely!  They have multiple specials going on at all times plus they have sandwiches, wings and appetizers.  They make a Sicilian type pizza too that I definitely want to try out.  They have a decent sized eat in area too.  I'm sure Ill be back in due time.
5	This pizza place has been home to me and my friends all thru high school. It's my favorite cheat meal spot. The pizza is great! It's not greasy, it has a lot of extra virgin olive oil which everyone mistakes for grease. They have the BEST wings in Arizona! I always get the medium. And they have delicious French fries. I highly recommend to anyone!
5	Awesome pizza, I've tried numerous other pizza places my entire life, and this is by far the best pizza I have had. I got 3 toppings and some wings, the pizza had an awesome new York style to it and the wings were cooked to perfection. I will definitely be here many more times. The customer service is also phenomenal, very polite and engaging, on top of that they bring the food to your table in a very traditional and awesome way. Glad these guys know what they are doing, I've never written a review before, but for these guys they really really deserve it. Awesome job!
