4	Green Pepper is a casual Korean restaurant. That being said, the food is pretty simple but yummy, and the service is decent, but not great. The price point is just about right. This place could be compared to Oishii Bento in Oakland, not to Sushi Kim. Over all, I really liked the place.  My biggest complaint about most Korean restaurants in Pittsburgh is the cheesy and shabby looking  interior. Unlike most other places, this place is very  neat, cute, and looks more like a cafe, not a traditional Korean restaurant. I had Dolsot Bibimbop (mixed rice in a stone bowl) and it was really great. Highly recommend it.
4	I had the kimchi chigae, and it really hit the spot. Beautifully hot and spicy. I would give 4.5 stars for the food, but the service wasn't so great.  The waiter seemed overworked, and when a neighboring table asked if a certain meal had shellfish, he just said "I don't know" without offering to check with the kitchen. He didn't have a bad attitude, just a lack of experience (I think). So I'll round it down to four stars overall.
5	AH so good. fresh fresh fresh. closest to koreatown in LA you can find here.
4	Came here hearing that this place was finally a good Korean Restaurant around Pittsburgh! I ordered the kimchijiggae and it was really a taste of home, not quite, but better than what I can ask for at other places in terms of "koreanness".I've seen other reviews on this place and I have to agree on one thing. The price of the BBQ is low, and the price of other things are high. For example, Korean BBQ/bulgogi is about $21/$19 respectively. The kimchijiggae and bibimbap are around $13 or $15. A bit sad when I didn't get a bunch of side dishes (banchan) that you get at "real" Korean restaurants (you get only 3 with your meal) but the food was overall good. Tried my friends bibimbap and it tasted like it should, which is very good in Pittsburgh. No offense.
3	Don't blink as you're going down Murray Ave, or you'll miss Green Pepper if you aren't familiar with the location. The space is clean, and has a bistro feeling to it. The lime green walls brought back those Linda Blair in The Exorcist, and yummy split pea soup memories.I looked over the menu, and noticed no Yaki Mandu (fried dumplings). We settled for the steamed beef mandu as an appetizer, which were the savory option. Ground beef, sweet potato noodles, and green onions made up the mandu stuffing. My daughter loved the presentation of the dishes on lacquer trays, and compartmentalized boxes. I had the Bi Bim Bap, and it did not disappoint. It was full of fresh vegetables, shitake mushrooms, bean sprouts, and one of my favorite parts, the fried egg. The miso soup was bland, but did not go to waste. The kimchi was fresh, not salted or spicy enough for me. The Bulgogi was sweeter than what I'm used too, but the others with me liked it. My daughter liked the pork bulgogi, spicy kick, and not sweet. The portion of jop chae was good, I didn't see an entree of jop chae on the menu, so I wonder if they rotate their menu. The persimmon cinnamon punch was nice, cold, and sweet. A dessert offering, and one of my favorite Korean drinks.The waiter was friendly, but inexperienced, and slow. He had the K Pop playing, which my daughter appreciated. Will go back when I'm in the area for something different.
4	Great Korean food in Squirrel Hill.  The spicy bulgogi and baby octopus are my particular favorites.  Which side plates they provide seems to vary (there's always kimchi!), and unfortunately they're served per-person rather than for the table, which cuts down on variety.  Recently they've included a dessert of ginger persimmon soup, which is unique and a refreshing way to end the meal.
3	Green Pepper stands out as the only Korean restaurant in Squirrel Hill, a neighborhood that has multiple pizza places, coffee shops, Chinese eateries, and ice cream/froyo joints.I enjoyed my bi bim bap, which can either be made vegetarian or with beef (I opted for the former). The rice, egg, and other assorted finely sliced vegetables came out sizzling in a hot stone bowl, with chili paste on the side. The entree also comes with miso soup and several sides (mung bean sprouts, spicy daikon, and spicy cucumber slices the night I visited). I'd agree that the prices are rather high for Pittsburgh, but what I got was plenty of food.Nevertheless, the service is the reason for my lukewarm rating. The best way I can describe the service is that all the servers seem to have extreme tunnel vision, and only appear to focus on one table at a time. Rather than bringing food to one table and then going over to other tables to check in, the servers march right back to the kitchen. They don't appear to notice that other tables look ready to order or appear to have finished eating and want their check. We spent a long time trying to catch any server's eye for our bill (our original waitress had gone MIA) before we had to be a little obnoxious. Then we waited and waited for someone to come to take our money and make change before my dining companion got up and took our bill and cash to the manager's station.Luckily, we weren't in a rush to go anywhere post-meal, but the servers' inability to multitask still tried our patience.
4	We tried Green Pepper last week as our first taste of Korean food, and we were really happy with it.  We had kind of been putting off trying it for awhile, as it is the restaurant to replace our beloved Sweet Basil, but I'm so glad we finally checked it out!First of all, they have a small wine list, but you can also BYOB for a $7.50 corking fee.  I think this is the first Pittsburgh place we've seen that has both a wine list and a BYOB option, so we liked that.Our waitress was really helpful and informative.  I had a few questions about the menu, and she was really great with taking the time to answer each one.  She explained to us that the type of spice used in Korean cooking can sometimes feel spicier than it really is, because even the milder versions sometimes make you feel like your nose will run.  It was nice to have a heads-up about that (and the menu also lists if items are spicy or not).We started with an order of the pork and kimchi steamed dumplings, which we really loved.  These were just perfectly done all around.We each tried something different for our entrees.  All of the entrees (except the stews) come with miso soup, which is basically my favorite thing right now, so I really appreciated that.  Their miso is very basic, no tofu in it or anything, but super yummy.  The soup was served alongside our meals, which came in a fancy TV-dinner-like plate, with the little dividers for different menu items.I got the spicy pork, which was sooo good.  It was quite oniony, but the sauce was not overly heavy.  With the pork, you also get kimchi (think cold holobchi stuffed cabbage in terms of flavor), cold cellophane noodles, tempura-breaded zucchini, and steamed white rice.  The portions were sizeable but not huge, so I only had a little bit to take home with me.My husband got the bibim bap, which can be served vegetarian or with ground beef.  He got the ground beef version, which comes in a pot with a variety of veggies and egg on top, and is served with kimchi, bean sprouts, and rice on the side.  Everything was quite hot, although not too spicy, and he was really pleased with the flavor. Green Pepper doesn't offer any real desserts, but you get a cold cinammon tea with your meal in place of that.We loved the atmosphere as well, very bright and welcoming.  After they close, you can apparently rent out their 'karaoke lounge' for parties (and during business hours, large groups can sit there).  The prices were a little higher than other restaurants in the same area, but they put a big emphasis on the healthy components of their meals, so it's worth it.I also give them points for their super cool silverware, including metallic reusable chopsticks.  The presentation of the meals was just lovely!We went on a Saturday night, and it does appear to get crowded at times.  Fortunately, we had a short wait, but I would recommend going early if you stop in on the weekend.  Even if you have to wait a bit, the quality of the food is well worth it!
5	Pretty good for Pittsburgh-- was impressed overall. BUT way overpriced considering the portions! Not to mention, they serve the banchan in boonshikjip style, so it's part of your tray of food... which is smart on their part because you can't really ask for more banchan. A shame though because the banchan was really clean and good. My tofu jaeyook was also pretty good; I'll be ordering that again the next time. I'd be more inclined to give them a 4-4.5 if they lowered the prices and allotted more banchan! (Yep, I'm a banchan whore.)
4	Best Korean in Pittsburgh - just a tad pricey for the food and service levels.  (My guess is that they're trying to recover their capital investment with high prices, but they ignored elasticity of demand, so they pushed volume down, and, thus, the place stays relatively empty.)Our waitress was very attentive but not particularly friendly (not unfriendly, either), and we went in late.  Despite closing at 10, we didn't leave until 10:15, but I had no impression that they were pushing us out like other places do around closing time.  (Which I appreciated, but I also felt a little guilty.)My friend and I both had bi bim bap.  Mine was the best (or close to it) that I've ever had.  The ban chan (little cold side dishes) were excellent, too, but they were maybe just a little light on them.  I'm usually sated with 4-5 dishes per diner, but Green Pepper only did 3 per diner.  (Not a huge deal - they were very good.)Overall, I'm really divided.  4.5 stars, but I'm going to be a bit more critical given the prices.  (I'll reconsider after a second visit.)
3	Green Pepper offers a nice variety of dishes: each dish comes with 1 ~ 3 side dishes and an after meal sweet soup.  If you enjoy  variety, such as a bento-style meal, Green Pepper offers a break in the monotony.Portions are OK, id say justified with all the different side dishes you get.  I do not have much basis in comparing Korean food, but I had a pleasant experience with their Bibimbop, cold noodles and their bulgogi - even though I am usually incapable of digesting spicy foods... (they offer some non-spicy alternatives as well)Service is fine.  Cordial, acceptable waiting time, frequent water rounds.Price is indeed high, even considering all the positive aspects.I would recommend others to try it out and decide if the price is worth paying...  The food here seemed more approachable than Korea Garten over at Pitt.  Maybe its Americanized, but good for me!
3	I don't know whether or not to give this a 3.5 or a 4 because of how much the food costs. I would say yes, the food is pretty solid Korean food (for the area), but coming from California where there are Korean restaurants on every block, I'd have to say Green Pepper is only slightly above average. But yes, it is still pretty solid food.My problem is that I feel like it's way overpriced and I would hesitate to go there again. Between my cousin and I, the bill came out to almost $50, which I would have to say is a bit ridiculous. I wish the prices were a bit lower because that would make me more willing to go again. However, I have to save my wallet from depleting quickly and will have to take a rain check on coming here again.
4	The food was delicious.  I had bi bim bap.  I liked that the bi bim bap came with many ingredients on the side so you could mix and match as you pleased.  In addition, the meal was large.  Also, the dessert tea they serve at the end is delicious.  The only con was the relatively high prices.
4	Gourmet korean food, good sized portions, reasonable prices, friendly staff, beautiful presentation and nice atmosphere.  Pittsburgh doesn't have many korean restaurants, and this is a welcome addition to our options.  I'll look forward to coming back soon!
4	When I come here, I swear I sometimes see a little old Korean grandma in the back, cooking everything.  That's kind of awesome.  Also awesome?  The fact that they have a karaoke bar.  That you can rent out for your friends.  Wow - Pittsburgh really HAS come along!Food here is on the pricey side, but is really good.  The kalbi definitely satisfies my cravings, but at 20+ is kind of a splurge.  We normally get the bulgolgi when we're not feeling up to spending that much.I do miss all the little kimchi dishes - here, they serve everything up in bento boxes.  So, it's not quite like what you'd expect from Korean places in either New York or San Fran, but given the paucity of Korean places in Pittsburgh, I'm not going to grumble too much.  Like Dennis L., I'm not going to say I love this place, but given the circumstances, it's solid.If you're really craving the Korean BBQ experience, my understanding is that Korean Palace in Oakland is the way to go.  I haven't been there in years, since I refuse to deal with the parking situation in Oakland, but hey, when you want Korean food, sometimes you just gotta suck it up.  In the meantime, Green Pepper might be enough to keep you from having to go off the deep end.
3	I'm a huge fan of Korean food so when I saw this place I knew I had to try it out. I wasn't impressed by their bulgolgi, the beef they use is definitely a cheap cut,  it was very stringing and I almost choked on it. I will probably go back again and try some of their other dishes. I agree with most people that their dishes are overpriced. Be prepared to pay about $50 for two people.
4	Sometimes you need a little karaoke...and sometimes you need a lot. It was that kind of Saturday.A couple of weeks ago I decided to put together a little karaoke event dubbed "Whitney-oke."  I think you get it, you smart Yelper, you.  All Whitney Houston - all the time.  Usually, my crew heads to Duke's Station in Bethel Park (far, but ribs that make you wanna smack somebody, they're that good), but we decided to keep it local and head to Stinky's on Hatfield in L'ville for their weekly Saturday karaoke.  What this genius (me) didn't count on, was that when the Pens play, the karaoke machine doesn't.  Sad.  So, we headed to Nico's Recovery Room in Bloomfield - not my/our favorite place AT ALL - but desperate times.  Unfortunately, as is usually the case with Nico's, there was nowhere to sit and the cloud of smoke was intoxicating. So, I turned to Yelp.  The first place to pop up in my search was Green Pepper, a little Korean joint in Squirrel Hill.  Having never been, I called to check on the karaoke details.  Darren (came to know his name later) answered the phone and explained that karaoke is free until 10pm, but after that would cost $1.25/minute.  So, um - that took me a solid 5 minutes to understand. I think I asked him at least 4 times. Poor guy.  I'd blame booze, but I was stone sober at this point. I just didn't get it.  We decided it was worth it, especially given that there were 10+ people in our party.We arrived to an absolutely empty restaurant and were VERY pleasantly surprised to discover a plush, leather couch-lined karaoke ROOM;  with a big tv, a nice, fancy microphone, internet access-based karaoke software and none of those strange kiddos from Nico's to judge our Whitney antics.  We set the clock and decided to spend one hour singin' our little Whitney hearts out (total $80).  It might seem like a lot to pay for karaoke, but the service was great and the camaraderie...well, that was priceless.  Can't wait to go back.  Britney-oke, anyone?
2	Meh - somewhere between 2 and 3 stars. The two rooms are very nice: lot of space between tables, nice distribution of the tables in the rooms, pleasant, warm colors.The food is, sadly, quite bland, way too bland for the price. The spicy squids (~$14) were not very tasty, but they were very chewy: Good work out for your jaws. The sauce was fairly generic, not very spicy (2 stars). The bibim bap (~16) is perfectly eatable (that's the 3 stars), but that dish is more comfort food than anything else. Surely not worth the price.Question: why is it that Squirrel Hill does not have any high-end restaurant, but tons of mediocre (although not always horrible) places?
2	Maybe two stars is a little harsh considering only the quality of food, but the price brings down my rating significantly. I went on a Friday night around 7 (usually when the main chef is on duty at most places) and tried a few of the dishes. My server was new and unfamiliar both Korean food in general as well as the menu, proving to be pretty unhelpful. Being new is not someone's fault, but he was simply insufficiently trained; when we asked for a side of pickled shredded radish (a Korean banchan staple), he brought out sliced cucumber with a chili dressing. Anyway, the spicy porkj and kimchi dumplings (fried) tasted alright with the soy sauce, if a bit flat. They were excellently crisp but the stuffing was oddly homogeneous and mushy like the pork was overly minced (a small complaint that did not lessen the taste).I got the "Garlbi" (not galbi?) for an entree and was satisfied for the most part. The flavor was solid, if a bit sweet for my taste, and it came presented on a massive platter with 3 sides (seasoned tofu, kimchi, and bean sprouts), a small bowl of soup (which looked like miso but I suspect was doenjang) and a side of rice. The ribs themselves came sizzling on a cast iron pan that left a nice char on the veggies. They had nice grill marks and flavor but the texture was oddly tender. I know asian pears tenderize meat, but I would have preferred if they had a better chew. This was a similar problem with the spicy beef bulgogi which, again had a nice taste, if not very nuanced. The texture however is best described as a mound of mush. The beef had been shredded and tenderized to the point that the rice had more chew and texture. The flavor is enough that you can get over it but it could have been significantly better. My friend tried the bibim-bop and, while I didn't try much of it, she found it mediocre. We all concluded that the problem was not in a lack of authenticity; they didn't do anything dumb like make everything an American-Chinese stir fry. In fact, a lot of the menu items are obscure even for people with a good knowledge of the cuisine. Everything just feel short of tasting like good Korean. It looked right and the flavors were on the right track, but literally every dish was a few nuances short of worth it.
3	Even though I really enjoyed my food, I'm more or less giving this the three stars only due to the fact that the prices seem REALLY high for da burgh.We walked blocks around Squirrel Hill after a movie matinee on a weekday, trying to find something that looked appealing or different from the usual fare of Squirrel Hill which seems to be downgrading by the week, and adding an apparent tsunami of Asian offerings.  We decided to give Ayala a try, but found a 'we're closed today' sign on their front door once in front of it, so we walked on and found Green Pepper. We arrived between 4:30 and 5, and their kitchen wasn't open yet, but they decided it was close enough, and seated us.I've seen a lot of 'service' complaints here, but perhaps because there were only six people the entire time were were there, service for us was great. We scanned the menu, and ordered drinks. Since they carry only Pepsi products, even iced tea, I opted for a pot of hot green tea and a glass of ice. Perfect.My friend ordered the Spicy Pork Do-Shi-Rock, and I ordered the Cold Spicy Noodles. Both of these were in the $14 zone, as opposed to the other much higher zones.  We checked out the appetizers, but decided to skip them when we discovered that the prices for the appetizers were as expensive, sometimes more so, than the entrees.  They looked good, but not for the price of an entree.They brought our liquids, which were fine, and then they brought our meals.They all came with the variety of Korean side dishes in the bento box, and to be very honest, the food was yummy. My cold noodles did come with a handful of ice cubes in the bowl, which I scooped out so as to not have a melted puddle of weak spice water in the bowl. I wasn't very impressed with the two beef slices in the dish - maybe it was the lighting, but they didn't have a very appealing color. And the flavor was just kind of a dry deli roast beef. But the noodles, the egg, the spice, the ginger, and all of the side dishes were very tasty and filling.  I can't call mine especially 'spicy', but it was good.My friend's dish was actually a little TOO spicy for her on this day, but that's a highly unusual occurrence for her (and even more unlikely for me), but she did enjoy the flavors and filled up.The waitress was attentive and kind, without attitude, and the assistant manager, a bespectacled and lightly bearded dark haired lad, was dating material...I wanted HIM in a take-out box!After we'd finished out meals, they brought us the persimmon tea 'soup' which was a treat for our tongues, if not a bit astringent after the meal, the check, and lots of smiles.If it weren't for the prices, I would become a regular. My tongue LOVES new flavors and different ethnic dishes. I guess, as others have pointed out, it's up to you to decide if you think the prices are worth it.The atmosphere was a little odd, but pleasant. A little stark, but I agree with what someone else said about the placement of the tables and plenty of space.  It is really nice to not have the next table in your lap while dining out.I would very much like to go back and try their Sunday Buffet. $20 for all you can eat of this treat would be soooo worth the price.Lower the prices, keep that cute as hell assistant manager...and the star rating might jump up a notch.
4	Best Korean I've had in Pittsburgh. I don't generally trust yelp reviews on Korean food , since Korean food can be intimidating if you don't know what you're doing. This is the first place I've been in a long time that serves Mul Nang Myun (I think they call it fresh and light noodles), and it was excellent....like summer in my mouth. BF had bul-go-gi which was also good. The seafood pancakes were also perfectly done and not the least bit rubbery. Yes Korean food can be expensive but its also far more labor intensive than some other Asian foods....if orange chicken is your go-to Korean may not be for you. If you're apprehensive go for lunch.
4	I have been to the week-end buffet a couple of times.  I am not sure if they're still doing it but, it was absolutely mind-blowingly good.  Expensive - $20 which is more like NYC prices.  But, good home-cooked traditional Korean dishes that to me are like Asian soul-food .  Recommended if for just once in awhile due to the high cost . (the buffet is ONLY on Sundays.)
1	Overall the food was OK, but each dish was slightly off in one way or another from what I would consider good Korean food. For example, the spicy pork seemed extremely sweet (a weird quality to exaggerate IMO) and lacked any noticeable spiciness (but I'm less susceptible to heat and others at my table could taste the spice).The price was extremely high given the quantity/quality of food.The service was mostly acceptable but we did have several issues toward the end of our dinner. It took a LONG time to get our check (we had to actually go to the front and ask) and they wouldn't let us split the bill with more than two credit cards (I guess it says this on the menu, but I think this policy is incredibly silly).
4	The best Korean I've had in Pittsburgh so far.  I had the bi bim bap which was great.  My friends had the kim chi stew and the octopus bul go gi, which I also tasted and both were delicious.  I especially liked the octopus bul go gi which had tender spicy pieces of octopus and flavorful seaweed topping, and that is not a common dish I see in other Korean restaurants.  Overall I was impressed with the menu which had a diversity of options, some of which I was unfamiliar with. I was a little disappointed in the Korean side dishes, which we each got 3 side dishes of the same thing, and they were not very interesting ones and all vegetables (I think it was kim chi, bean sprouts and broccoli).  If we are going to get 9 in total why not bring out 9 distinct ones to share?  We also tried to check out the karaoke since it was a Friday night but unfortunately we were informed a group had already reserved the entire karaoke area for the whole evening.  The atmosphere was nice and relaxing and the servers were very friendly.  And they had a few interesting beers on draft. I'll definitely go back here.
2	Here, the service totally outshone the food.  Lots of attention from the 2 servers working the dining room but the food was good - not great.  I went in on a Sunday where they serve lunch and there is no lunch menu on Sunday.  You are on dinner prices on Sunday afternoon - which totally made sense since there were only 2 tables occupied in the dining room and I was one of them!I opted for the Spicy Chicken.  Again, good but not great.  It was one of the more reasonable items pricewise on the menu.  I really had my heart set on Galbi but not for $25.  That's like a small steak at Morton's.Everything here is "extra" which is pointed out in painful detail on the menu here.  I pasted the Customer Policy here for you to enjoy.  This is serious stuff.====Customer Policy  *  We accept cash and 2 ( or fewer ) credit cards from each table, because other parties want to check out in a timely manner too. No separate checks are provided within-table.  If payment-separation-upfront is a main need, we can help finding places that specialize in it.*  If not satisfied with our server(s), let us know while you are being served here so that you can be satisfied. Otherwise, 10% gratuity of total check may apply on the credit card(s) presented to us.  Many places auto-enforce 18% gratuity nowadays.*  Unless arranged in advance, it is agreed that 2 hours are sufficient for your party.  We may take reservations that arrive soon after yours.*  We can add an ingredient if you request, such as lettuces, noodles, etc.,  only $4.67 per each Addition accommodation may apply. *  We can substitute an ingredient for your special preference, only $2.80 per each Substitute accommodation may apply.  *  B.Y.O.Cake ( Bring Your Own Cake, dessert, or foods ) is accommodated, only $0.28 per person B.Y.O.Cake charge may apply.
2	I had raw fish on the veggie with rice. It was above average but it is definitely over price. With $17 per portion, there was not a lot of raw fish in there. The waiter and waitress are very slow and complained about their tips. It took them about 10 to 15 mins to get us our check. I didn't feel like giving them a good tip either. I always want to try the place but we went into there on one of the Sats when they had lunch sign out. After we went in, they said that they don't have the lunch special. I feel like being cheated. Will not be back.
4	I came here with my boyfriend on a Sunday night and it was empty except for one other couple. I decided on the dolsot bibimbap. I was pleasantly surprised to find some unique toppings such as egg resembling tamago and the gelatin cubes that are given as banchan among the typical spinach, fried egg and beef. Their homemade bibimbap sauce was great. The meal came with a bowl of miso soup, kimchee and bean sprouts. My boyfriend decided on the spicy bulgogi which he really enjoyed. His meal came with the soup and sides that mines did plus a small portion of cold japchae.Each meal was about $16, which I thought was fair for the amount and quality of food that we got.
3	I love Korean food & music. Their Kimchi jjigae was good but I wasn't feeling their chicken dubogi. I love that they play Korean music though. Btw while you are eating the waiter come by and spray disinfectant stuff at the table near by and the smell is horrible.. & whole you're eating too ugh. But anyways.. It's an okay place.
3	Giving another Korean joint in the 'Burgh a try.As you may have noticed the better half and I seek out the Korean places.  She is Korean and I spent time there.  We often hunger for someone else to cook us some dishes of her native soil.  We heard good things about Green Pepper in Squirrel Hill and figured we owed it a shot.  The place has a weird layout.  Very straight forward and bordering on cafeteria.  The giant flat screen plays Korean music videos which is neat I guess.  The service was pretty bad....some college aged kids that just gossip with each other and need beckoned to the tables for anything.  I resorted to going up and paying and the kid said, "I will come to your table."  "Well, you weren't, so I came to you."  The rules on the menu are ridiculous which leads me to believe the place is run by an insane person.  10% gratuity is included on your bill, so don't tip 15%, tip 5-10.Now, the food.We got miso soup (meh) and Bossam.  The bossam was really good and may get us to go back.  It could have used more sides, especially considering lettuce, peppers, and carrots are so cheap.  The meat was cooked perfectly and they left the skin on which is just delicious.  I enjoyed their kimchi and so did the wife.  I'd like to try other things, but the place is pricey.  My advice to Green Pepper -- work on your servers, rules, and ambiance, then raise your prices.
3	There were ups and downs on my week night visit. Good - the food. I had soon dubu jjigae, and it was fiery, creamy, and delicious. The BF had bulgogi and said it was fine - really high praise for Korean from him. Both though it was good enough to go back. (The only thing I can complain about is my egg. I thought it was missing until I found it at the bottom, cooked through, solid, and half burnt to the side of my crock.)Bad - banchan. Actually, lack of them. Instead of serving an assortment of side dishes, each order came with three little ones. Each of us got tofu and kimchi, I got steamed broccoli and he had cold noodles. Banchan are a big part of why I love Korean food, so this disappointed me.Good - Korean pop music and videos.Bad - Service. Our guy tried, but he didn't know the menu, was a little too hands off, and the dining room was a mess. One table left shortly after we ordered, and none of their dishes were cleared away when we left.  Good - Shoju. Hello, it makes everything better! Bad - pricing. I'll be back for lunch, its more reasonable. If they weren't stingy with the banchan I would happily pay their prices, but the experience doesn't quite live up to the expectation I had.I liked it, I'll go back, but it's more because its the closest spot for a K fix, not because they amazed me. I love all the different jjigaes, so when I'm off I know what I'm getting for lunch!
3	Went here with a large group (16) for a celebratory dinner.  The staff seemed to manage us ok relative to taking orders and bringing the food out, but thereafter, they seemed absent.Food was decent.  I got the traditional Korean BBQ short ribs, which in typical fashion, proved to be the traditionally greasy, fatty, and flavorful dish I expected.BYOB and Karaoke help distinguish Green Pepper over other offerings in the Squirrel Hill area, but don't over stay your welcome...  at closing time the staff abruptly shut down the karaoke gig and ushered us out.
4	Food is good, but very pricey. I ordered a suhlungtang and paid $13 for it which is way too expensive...but I understand...it's Pittsburgh. Anyway, I don't doubt that the food is delicious so 4 stars!
4	Slightly more expensive than Korea Garden, but food is good quality. Better than some places in KTown NYC in my opinion. I recommend the Bibimbap,  Spicy Hand-Made Pork & Home-Made Kimchi Dumplings in Beef Stew, and  "Soon Doo Boo" Spicy Soft-Tofu Stew. The Bibimbap is huge and comes with so many components to it. My favorite thing about this place is definitely the side dishes, especially the daikon radish kimchi and potatoes. Although, now they charge for refills when they didn't when they first opened.
2	Way overpriced for subpar food! Bi bim bop (vegetarian) for $16? The food was surprisingly not spicy- I had to ask for a second side of red pepper sauce to make the bi bim bop have decent flavor. Could hardly flag down staff when we needed anything. I definitely won't be back.
5	In regards to Korean food in Pittsburgh, this is about as good as it's going to get. I come from the Atlanta, GA area, and I'll let you in on a little secret. If your city does not have an H-Mart or Assi or equivalent world food market, the prices of Korean food is going to be high (which is the case here in Pittsburgh).The service has always been spectacular for me. One thing I've noticed is that people have a misconception about Korean cuisine and etiquette when it comes to restaurants. So I'm here to fix that.1) In most authentic Korean restaurants, you are served by the whole staff, not just 1 waiter/waitress, so feel free to flag down any of the employees.2) Real tokbokki does not come with octopus and clams/oysters. If you go to Korea, the only places you will find that type of entree/appetizer is at a fancier dine-in restaurant, while every other location will have the same thing (rice cakes, fish cakes, a few veggies--mainly green onions, and an egg).3) They used to only allow a maximum of 2 credit cards per table. They fixed that now! (Hooray!) The reason for this was that unlike most chain restaurants, they have an old school POS computer system, making it difficult to separate checks. However, the easiest way to do things is to just tell them to split it however many ways (3-way, 4-way, many-ways!) or you can tell them to put different amounts on cards ($15 on the visa, and $20 on the mastercard).4) Some of the appetizers... are not really what I would call appetizers. More like HUGE meals! For example, the bossam is huge and way too much food for just 1 person, which is why it is priced about the same as the entrees. It's listed in the appetizer section because most people share this. (Btw, I LOVE the bossam. It is absolutely fantastic. For those bacon lovers, think of this as boiled Korean bacon that is so tender that it falls apart in your mouth--or the boiled version of samgyupssal)The karaoke is a little on the pricey side... However, if you have a large group doing karaoke, the price is almost next to nothing! Also, on the weekends, it is free from 8pm - 10 pm, so take advantage of the free things in life!In terms of what food is amazing, here are some of my favorites: any of the pajuns (pancakes), bossam, fried kimchee dumplings, soondubu (if you like spice, ask for a little extra spicey), seullungtang, tonkatsu, and samgyupssal to name a few.Everyone has always loved the dolsot bibimbap, which is not my favorite only because I can never finish it. The octopus bibimbap is also quite amazing, and for someone with a small stomach like mine, perfect for sharing.
4	If you've never tried Korean food, gotta check this place out.  Kimchi jigae is piping hot and delicious.  Tofu, pork, kimchi, broth, scallions... yum.  Side dishes are nice.  Sprouts, kimchi, potatoes... varies by the day.  Kpop on rotation on the flatscreen!  I spent a few years teaching ESL in Korea and this place always takes me back... check it out!
4	Probably the best Korean food you're going to get in Pittsburgh.  This area doesn't have a huge Korean population like some coastal cities, so those of you from New York, DC, or LA should adjust your expectations accordingly.  Other reviewers have noted that the food is expensive, but, to be fair, you do get a lot.  You will not leave hungry.I had the spicy octopus bibimbap.  They made it authentically in a cast iron bowl that sizzled pleasantly when it was brought out.  The menu description did not disappoint: it was quite spicy and well-endowed with octopus.  My dining companion (a self-proclaimed Koreaphile) was impressed with the more exotic menu offerings and the K-pop videos playing in the background.My only complaint was the soup that came with my meal.  It was scant, lukewarm, and boring.
5	I had been waiting to try Green Pepper for a long time. The anticipation of spicy and savory Korean food had my mouth watering before I even stepped foot inside the doorway. I had a little cloud pop over my head with kimchi floating about and I let out an "mmm" sound. It was strangely reminiscent of Homer Simpson thinking about donuts.To start we ordered some dumplings. The mains were staple Korean dishes- Bi Bim Bap and Spicy Bulgogi.The amount of food that comes with an entree is staggering, Kimchi, greens, sprouts, potatoes...etc. My girlfriends bulgogi was quite a spectacular and had a fried egg on top! Let me tell you , everything is better with a fried egg on top. Both dishes were hearty and full of flavor. It was a bit odd to see Korean MTV juxtaposed with relatively fine dining, but hey, I have seen stranger things.Upon finishing, if you can call it that- because we were so full...we received a delicious dessert tea.And to make your host happy, never forget to say thank you in Korean- Tedahni Kamsamehdah!!!!!
4	Great Korean barbeque! Complementary dessert tea made a great end to the meal. Good atmosphere, pretty good service.
3	The food is pretty decent, but over priced.  Given that this is pretty much the only authentic Korean place in Pittsburgh, I guess they can do that.  You do get a fair amount of food, I always have leftovers.  Service is friendly and quick, and the food hits the spot when you're craving Korean cuisine.
5	I've only been here once, but everything was excellent. Everything was cooking perfectly. Authentic. And the service was delightful. I look forward to visiting again.
5	Please** put up with slow service for great food. I am in agreement with it being expensive but it's so friking good. Everything tastes good. They have alcohol! Korean bbq! Amazing sides! The bibimbap has such a great flavor and such well prepared ingredients. I am always excited to come and eat here. And that is rare in Pittsburgh.The way that they cut the vegetables and present the meal is amazing and the sauce is just perfect. I havent had such good Korean food since Koreatown in Toronto.
4	This place was delicious!! I honestly can't remember what I got since basically my Korean friends helped and ordered for us. We sat on this super comfortable couch in the back. The service was a little slow, but the ambiance and food was just amazing. I'll be back again for sure and hopefully I'll know what to order.
1	I am a vegetarian so I ordered a tofu entree which was pretty flavorless unless doused in soy sauce. The real reason I gave only 1 star is because my boyfriend (who is only in town for two days) ordered a beef entree and then spent the rest of the evening throwing it up. I expected more from this restaurant. We spent too much on our meal to spend the rest of the night throwing it up.
5	Thoroughly enjoy eating here! Some of the best Korean food in Pittsburgh. I typically order the Korean BBQ (kalbi) or the pork breast (tonkatsu). I also would recommend the steamed and fried pork kimchi dumplings. Service is slow but worth it since the food is so delicious! A bit pricey as well but you get what you pay for.
3	I came here several months back for dinner per the recommendation of my dining companion, who lives nearby.  This was my first real experience eating Korean food, so I wasn't sure what to expect.Since I don't eat beef, the bulgogi wasn't an option for me, so I went with the spicy pork.  It came in a bento box with three other side dishes (don't remember exactly what they are/not sure I could identify them due to unfamiliarity with cuisine), plus a bowl of rice.  It was certainly a lot of food--more than I could eat in one sitting--but then again, I would expect as much, given the prices.  While the pork was flavorful, it was a bit spicier than I would have liked.  To be honest, it's difficult for me to judge the flavor of the pork, since I'm unfamiliar with the cuisine, but it was interesting and I enjoyed it, for the most part.  The side dishes that came with it were hit-or-miss for me, with some being very flavorful (pickled veggies) and texturally interesting (noodle-y things), and others less so.  I didn't really feel that the rice added much to the meal.The atmosphere was interesting.  My dining companion explained to me that it doubles as a karaoke place after 8, hence the K-pop music videos playing on TVs as we ate.  Service was fine--no problems there.  Overall, an interesting experience, and I'd come back and try it again, esp. since I don't know of any other Korean restaurants in PGH.  3.5 stars.
4	This place is so good! I feel like I am getting authentic Korean food. I like their pork bone noodle soup and their meat dishes... One side note is that the portions are not huge and they are a little on the pricey side... But at least the quality is good. I like the decor too. The pillows are very puffy.
3	One needs to be very careful as to what to order. Bad choices will lead to unsatisfactory experience that is not worth the price. Recommend pancake and bibimbap. Also tried spicy beef and dumplings stew, not good. They do good on free stuff. But as for the entree, Pittsburgh has much better Korean restaurant one can go to.
5	My boyfriend and I found this place by accident on road trip. We both love Korean food and I consider myself a Korean snob and this place was awesome! Great service, amazing flavors, and also they serve this little cinnamon pallet cleanser at the end of the meal.
2	Good Korean food, but high prices and poor service. My future parents-in-law came to town from Korea, and after days of eating nothing but Pittsburgh tourist food, they wanted a taste of home.When we arrived, the door was open, one other table was seated, and no one waited on us for nearly ten minutes. Finally someone came over to inform us that they don't open until noon (unlike the 11:30 time posted on their website, Google, and Yelp) and that they couldn't take our order until then. It was 11:45. Before noon, two additional groups sat down. The food was average Korean fare. There was nothing particularly special about it. With entrees ranging from $16-$30, we expected a higher quality product. The wait staff, though, was the most unimpressive part. There was no organization whatsoever. We had three different servers waiting on us. That should never happen. Also, one of the servers was inexplicably wearing flip-flops and very nearly injured herself from slipping as she exited the kitchen.  Ownership needs to get a handle on how to properly manage a restaurant. For the price, it's not worth the mediocre service or the product they put out.
1	So this evening, the wife wants Korean for her birthday dinner, just some takeout, y'know, have some be-bim-bap in our own backyard while contemplating the trees to the sound of dying locusts. So the kid (age 14) and I go to The Green Pepper and I send him in with some cash and wait in the car. He comes out ten minutes later, empty handed. "Why the delay?" "The guy said this is a fake twenty dollar bill," my son told me. He tossed me the bill (it was the old kind, from the 1980s). "Really? Did he use a pen on it?""No," said my son. "He said it was 'the fakest twenty dollar bill he ever saw' and said he didn't have a pen. Then he said 'I can't take it, it's fake. Sorry dude.' I just stared at him.""What did this jackass look like?""Five foot four, looked like a weasel.""Not Korean?""No. Caucasian. He also couldn't figure out what key to use in the cash register. And then said when he was handing me change from the twenty, 'you gonna give me a tip?' -- which I thought was really weird.""What a jerk. Probably thought it was fun, yanking the wires of a 14 year old."On the other hand, the food is good. Each dish a few more dollars than the other Korean place we normally go to that's closed on Sundays. And the cicadas joined together in a symphony of lust and mortality as we dined under the stars.
1	This place was crazy. We thought at first that the staff must be a bunch of college students that just started working a week ago, but after reading the other reviews, I'm not sure this is true! I think one major issue is that there is team service and thus no one individual waiter was responsible for our table. There was one waiter (blond, short) who seemed to be in charge. He spent most of our visit appearing baffled. I watched him at the register station trying to write up bills and use the register. Comical. It took 15 minutes for them to visit our table after we were seated. After that the food came out at a nice pace - first some appetizer type things, then the steamed dumpling appetizer we ordered, and our entrees. The food was fine. I am not a Korean food connoisseur, so I can't really comment on how authentic or good it is - to our American palates, it was just ok. Also seemingly expensive, but the portions were large. Once we were done eating, we started waiting. We waited, and waited and waited. The servers ignored us, and noodled around - they never actually look at the diners so it was super difficult to get anyone's attention. Finally we called a skinny waiter over, and asked for two simple things: 1) the check (which seemed to please him) and 2) take out boxes (which caused him to furrow his brow and look slightly angry). OK. So this guy then continues doing random crap as if we had never asked for anything. 5-10 minutes go by while he walks back and forth to the kitchen, empty handed, and refilling water glasses (I must say, they were excellent with water service). It was as if we had never spoken to him. Finally we call the short blond waiter over and ask for 1) the check and 2) boxes. He says, oh, of course. He asks the skinny guy to get us boxes. Skinny guy rolls his eyes and says "yeah, yeah, yeah". Skinny guy proceeds to do other things for another 10 minutes before finally procuring two take out containers from the depths of Squirrel Hill. Now for the check. We waited and waited some more. Blond, short waiter looks confused but decides he needs something to do. He walks around asking how everyone's food is. He takes orders from other tables. Finally, we ask, can we *please* for the love of everything that is holy have our check? He replied incredulously, "Oh! You haven't gotten your check yet?!?!?!?" So if he didn't get our check, who would have gotten it? He is the check guy! OMG I didn't even know what to think. Needless to say, we paid in cash to save the pain of waiting our credit card to be run. And then we ran out of the restaurant. Please go to the Green Pepper only if 1) You truly love Korean food or 2) You are writing an expose on baffled waiters. Hahaha, I'm glad I went just for the memory.
4	I was really craving dol-sot bibbimbap. and was told by a friend this is the only place that offers it in pittsburgh. Dol Sot Bibbimbap and regular bibbimbap are different - fyi. In terms of the interior: it looked really clean and modern. Not a whole lot of tables. I would say there were only around 8 tables. Some of them had sofa chairs instead of regular chairs. On fridays, there's even karaoke offered but not sure how much it costs. The side dishes were fine and they refilled them upon request. The dinner prices are really high for Korean food, but I'm biased since I grew up in LA where Korean food is much cheaper. Overall, the dol sot bibimbap was really cleanly/nicely done. The rice wasn't burned on the bottom and the veggies were abundant. But for dinner it cost almost $18. That's really steep for dol-sot bibbimbap in my opinion. I was really impressed that I came with my 16 month old daughter, and the server immediately brought out a Pororo bowl and small baby cup for her. It's also nice when a restaurant is able to cater to the little ones.
3	This place was super busy on a Saturday, waited 1 hour for a table. Hoping this would be excellent Korean food based on the price and wait time.I got the bibim-bop and my friend, she got vegetarian bibim-bop that comes with 5 side dishes. Restaurant was out of the pickled potatoes, which was the only side dish she wanted, so we only received 4 side dishes. LolSo the food didn't take long to come out, but the service we not great. Waitress did not refill water, when asked for extra sauce she forgot about it.My friend, she did not even want to take her leftover home, it was just mediocre bibim-bop. I didn't see anything special about it. Would not return here to try bibim-bop.This place was decent looking and clean otherwise I would of gave it 2/5 stars.
4	This place is a solid 4 stars in my opinion.  I would have to say the service isn't the best, not very friendly and not thorough in regard to checking on tables.  Getting that out of the way, the food and atmosphere make up the difference.  The food is solidly good Korean food, and the restaurant atmosphere is sleek, modern, and clean.  We always enjoy what we order.  They serve a Korean dessert soup after dinner which is a thoughtful addition.
4	AWESOME FOOD. I studied abroad in Asia in college, which is where I was first exposed to Korean food - and I fell in love. I was so happy when I got back and found Green Pepper. Bibimbap is AWESOME, so is the scallion pancake. It's also a cool experience - for those of you who aren't familiar with K-Pop - it's awesome and hilarious.Sometimes the service is a little slow and the prices are a tad high, but the food is so good (and you can't find it anywhere else in Pittsburgh) that I don't even care.
4	I came here with my husband and another couple. We arrived to a rather disorganized host station and put our name on the list.  When we asked how long the wait for a table 4 for might be, he looked rather perplexed as if no one had ever asked such a question before.  He then preceded to look around confusedly and stammer out a few statements before declaring that he had no idea.  We gave our phone number (as requested) so that they could call us when our table was ready and decided to go grab a drink down the street while we wait. After about 45 minutes, they still hadn't called, so we decided to venture back. When we arrived I inquired about our table, and I asked if they had tried to call (which I know they had not). Another host immediately set out to find us the first available table. So I guess, if you come to this place on a Friday expect to get the shaft if you leave even if you leave your number.Anyway, we got the little appetizers which were amazing and also ordered the Bibim-Bop which was pretty awesome. They serve this dish in a hot stone bowl which had rice and beef and tons of veggies, the servings were rather generous too. I loved it!! The table also had some delicious dumplings that were rather tasty as an appetizer.  Overall I will come back here just on their food alone. I will also mention that their bathroom was pretty spotless, which to me translates that they keep a clean kitchen (at least in my mind it does). Overall, despite the weird customer service experience prior to being seated, our waiter was on the ball the whole time and were served rather quickly despite the mix up initially. That and the food was rather outstanding. Just expect to wait a bit for a table.
5	We just got back from seoul two months ago, this food was wonderful and was a great value for lunch. I had the bibim-bop and my husband had the dumpling soup, both were delish! We had home made persimmon tea after the meal which was fabulous. Love the byob policy and soju on the menu!
3	!  As a korean american living in Pittsburgh, I'm determined to try all the Korean restaurants around....the atmosphere is  kinda strange. The only thing Korean about it is the kpop videos playing on the TV screen. I was pleasantly surprised to see Koreans there whIch gave me hope tho. The banchan was pretty good... Happy to get chapjjae- kimchi had a nice flavor....Boyfriend ordered the spicy bulgogi ( ) and I ordered my favorite kimchijjigae()     It kinda turned me off that the waiters and waitresses used the Americanized names for the dishes. "Spicy beef" and "kimchi stew" ....I just wish they would use the proper names, but I think that plays into the whole atmosphere th8ng I mentioned.My boyfriends food didn't taste authentic. I was surprised at how unkorean it was. He said that his meal had a taste that he has experienced before whereas most Korean food he's tried is something unique and unmatched.  My jjigae was pretty good, but broth was a light color. I was full when I finished tho which was a good sign. I would go back for a samgyeopsal  KoreanBBQ BC the samgyeopsal in my jjigae was good. Other than that, I think atmosphere plays a lot into restaurants and their authenticity... and I think this restaurant can play well to American audiences just introduced to Korean food...but, personally, having been to Korea and felt genuine Korean restaurants....this place just didn't do it for me.
