3	Located across from the old Coliseum, this place used to be packed out all of the time. Now most of their customers are the work crowds on lunch break. While this place isn't anything too special in the food department (mainly above average bar food), it's not a bad place to either sit outside or catch a game. They have tons of tv's without a really bad view in the house. It's always packed for lunch but the line usually goes pretty quickly.I'd check out Jock's & Jill's if you were in the area for lunch one day but probably wouldn't head that direction just to go there.
3	Jocks and Jills is a very clean sports bar with a decent menu. It is a bit lacking in the beer selection. Excellent place to go for lunch, and would be great for watching football games. The drawback here is the location; it's in the middle of nowhere. There is really NOTHING else on this road other than office buildings, and that's about it. So of course it draws mainly a corporate crowd, which is a shame, because true sports fans are missing out.
3	Jocks and Jills is kind of out of the way, but being that I used to live off Tyvola Road, it was fairly convenient to visit on occasion.  It's an A-OK restaurant with some beer specials and your regular bar food like burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc.  Nothing really stands out, but sometimes that's okay.  Sometimes you just want regular bar food and a few brewskies.  And Jocks and Jills fills the bill.One thing I like about the restaurant is its high ceilings.  It doesn't make you feel as confined as other restaurants, and there is a lot of seating.  I'm surprised they've been able to stay in business because I never see it very busy, but I hope they'll be able to stick it out until they do something with the old Coliseum area.  It would be nice to have a "neighborhood bar" still there.
3	Great place to watch sports.  Pretty good service and food is ok for bar food.  Would agree with the others that it is a little out of the way.
1	HORRIBLE!I have gone to this restaurant more than once to give it a chance and each time I've been there, I have walked away disappointed. Their food isn't all that great. I've had their salad (the lettuce was brown in some spots and warm), chicken sandwich (which was EXTREAMLY dry), and a few appetizers that I wasn't a big fan of. The last time I was there, an hour lunch turned into almost 2 hours and I wasn't even there during rush hour. The waiter I had (I forgot his name) had the, "I really don't want to be here today," attitude. He was very slow, probably waited a good 45 minutes just for a burger (my husband ordered) and a chicken sandwich (my order). When asked about the progress of the food, he just waved us off saying it's coming. When our meals finally came, they were cold and just nasty. It takes a lot for my husband to say, "ok, this doesn't taste good," but he refuses to go back. I could keep going on about this, but Im sure you've gotten the picture already. If you're passing by and you've never been there before, keep going down the road, it's not worth it.
2	I stopped in here this week, for the first time in years to catch the Wofford vs. Wisconsin basketball game.  It was about 3:00pm, and only the bar side of the building was being seated. Can I say it was an utterly chitty experience, and leave it at that?
3	I think this is a great place to watch a game, although it gets packed.  On a nice night if you can get outside, they have a pretty nice projection set up out back.  Otherwise, you can probably see 2-3 tv's from any seat in the place.  Foodwise, it's not the best of the bunch, but I usually get the ahi tuna salad.  It's a pretty sizeable portion and they use good healthy greens, and not too much iceberg.For lunch it's a tad long, but we went during March madness so I guess it was busy.Mainly we go when we want to catch a game.
3	Ate dinner here tonight. Service was a little slow but the food was good. It's a sports bar so the usual memorabilia and flat screens all over. Again, it's a bar so don't expect a Morton's or a McCormick and Schmick.
3	This is a fairly typical sports bar, but I think they have a few more tv's than thet typical sports bar.Service was fair for as busy as things were on this night.  I ordered a Turkey Burger with fries and a Caesar Side Salad.  Thankfully, they did bring out the salad before the burger.  Unfortunately, they use a spring mix as the base for their Caesar Salad, so along with romaine you also get leaf lettuce, sliced carrots and some purple onion.  So it's got a little more variety.The turkey burger was above average and appeared to have been made by hand (as opposed to frozen).  They offer a cajun ranch dressing that went well with the turkey and even better with the fries.  The fries were of the shoestring type and were among the better-tasting sports bar fries I've had in my day.It's a nice place to go to get your sports fix and it has your standard bar fare.  Service is nothing special, but it has the market on the area surrounding the airport.  I wouldn't go out of my way, but if you're in the area...
5	I was at the nearby Hyatt recently and went here for dinner.  I enjoyed the food and lively atmosphere.  And then I left my credit card there and didn't realize it until the next day when I got to the airport. So I called and got the manager "JJ" who said yes, they found it and he'd mail it to me. Sure enough, 3 days later I got it in the mail (in Connecticut) with a nice note. Great customer service... thanks JJ!
3	I've tried to avoid eating here the number of times I've stayed next door when in Charlotte for work. But I finally caved in, being too tired and hungry to venture out elsewhere in the city for grub.Not the easiest menu to try to find low cal options if you're trying to reduce the gut, like I am. I decided on the Asian chicken salad, asking for the dressing on side, but even with that I was surprised to have the salad covered in a giant pile of fried noodles when it was delivered (I would've asked them to leave them out, but didn't recall seeing them listed in the description on the menu). No biggie though, it was easy enough to push them aside and eat around them (even though I caved and had a forkful or two -- I couldn't resist!). Friendly server, prompt service, a gazillion flat panel TVs which would make this a great place to watch a game, should you be so inclined...but the bottom line for me: fast and convenient.Word of warning, however. I noticed a sign on the door that said to not leave valuables in your car (duh!). But a friend who lives nearby told me they have had a lot of problems with smash and grabs in this area recently, so be smart and don't give those bastards a chance.
3	I came to Jocks & Jills to watch football on a Sunday.  If you are looking to catch any or every NFL game this is a good place to go.  Didn't count the exact number, but enough flat screens so that each game was up on at least 2 TV's.  Each TV was labled with the game so it makes it easy to find the game you are interested in and get a seat.  There were quite a few people there watching the games and the atmosphere was good.  Everyone was friendly and chatted about their teams and plays from the different games going on.  I orderd the chicken wings with along with onion rings.  Pretty standard wings, the sauce was pretty good, but the wings were a little over cooked, but still good.  The onion rings were probably frozen, but still OK for me.  The had some beer specials going on which is pretty standard.  The service was OK too, the only mishap was the server brought blue cheese for my wings instead of ranch, but she quickly got me a ranch when I told her about the mistake.  You typical chain sports bar.  The food was OK but, I would probably go back here for the TV's and atmosphere.
4	Ate here after covering the Ravens-Panthers game on Nov. 21 and the food was what you would expect from a sports-themed restaurant. I will say that the mahi-mahi sandwich was quite good. But what sold me was the young bartender, who allowed my friend and I to order just before the kitchen closed for the night. And before we could finish our $1.50 Miller Lite drafts, he brought over freshly-filled mugs -- gratis. That kind of service is definitely worth a star.
3	JJ's does the job.  If you are looking for an American bar food style restaurant with a million and one TVs.. Then you have come to right place.  The burgers and sandwiches are XL and the wings looked delicious.  Honestly, there wasn't a bad seat in the house.  I'm talking... TVs everywhere and at every angle.  You can't go wrong.  Only negative thing was that it has zero unique or creative qualities.  But at least you know that you are getting quality and comfort.  Enjoy-Ian M.
2	Here fans can find sports bar food, done in an ordinary fashion.  Television viewing was well thought out, even if the food is not.  You can literally see a TV no matter what seat you are in. I can't say I've ever been to a sports bar with good food.  Maybe it's too much to ask to want to watch the world cup and have a decent meal.
3	I used to come here years ago and thought it was an great sports bar. I stopped in on a Monday night and it was dead. There were only 5 people at the bar. In  their defense, it was a slow night for sports. MLB on the All Star break so no games were on the many HD TV's. The bartender was very good and took time to talk to the customers. I had 3 beers and bounced. I would definitely give in another try when I am in Charlotte.
5	The food is great, definately better than the hotel food...
3	Holy TVs. They are absolutely everywhere. If you can't watch your favorite team in this place I don't know what to tell you. I only came here for a few beverages to watch NFL. An alright selection of beers on tap, I can't complain they had an IPA on tap. I actually had a mixed drink as well, which was pretty tasty and strong. Service was friendly and attentive and the bar area was very full.
3	I've gotta agree with Ian M on this one...Jocks & Jills does the job. It fills the void of a sports bar with decent food, spacious booths, plenty of TV's (even on the patio) and friendly service. If you need a bar to catch a game, enter Jocks and Jills.  While there aren't any really special characteristics to this place, it's just fine overall. I snacked on a quesadilla and sampled hubs' turkey club. Both meals were just fine and quieted my rumbling stomach. I washed that down with a Blue Moon as the bar was out of champagne (for a mimosa) and Strongbow. Expect fairly priced eats to go along with your TV eye. And hey - they have sweet potato tots. That's a win on its own!
3	No way is this place as good as Barney's Beanery back home, but with only an hour left before they closed, the bartender took care of us with food & drinks, no problem. My only complaint is, why are all the televisions tuned to the same channel? Lame.Have the onion rings! Seriously, the BEST I've ever had. Great, now I'm sure someone is gonna challenge me on this one later on down the line, but, whatever, dude!
5	we were in town for 3 nights and ended up eating here twice great bar food exactly what i expect, what more can a guy ask for!
5	Sometimes I wonder why people can't just appreciate a great sports bar.  If you want fancy food head to South Park.  If you want a quiet dinner...you may want to pass.  BUT if you want every sports game on a gagillion flat screens, a fun covered patio, great drink specials and the best tater tots in town than you have found the place.  I work across the street and this place really works on creating a "Cheer's" like environment.  Bartenders and regulars get to know you.  People do not feel strange sitting at the bar alone.  And I will admit to doing some of my online work here using the free WiFi.  Go...grab a cheap beer...watch a game...say hi to a bartender and EAT THE TOTS!
3	Pretty good selection of food and beer here. the burger i had was pretty good. the wait staff was pretty friendly. Overall a pretty good place
4	Good place to eat especially if you are staying right next door at the Hyatt! If you go there you have to get the tots! The original are very good and the sweet potato ones taste like more of a dessert, and they are just as good the next day cold! Lots come in 1 order so they are an easy share! They have a big variety choice on wing flavor!! They are tasty and filling!! They also have TVs everywhere so you an catch your game!
3	Uninspired bland sports bar. It has a very stupid name, it's weirdly laid out, the waitstaff are joyless zombies, and it has a surprisingly small beer list, but the food is good and served quickly. It has the advantage of being the only restaurant within 2 miles of the adjacent hotel.
3	It's an ok place. Food was alright at best. Prices are good though, so I didn't feel like my money was completely wasted. Perfect place to go to after a long day at work. Good selection of beer and all.
2	There is really nothing special about this place.If you are at the Hyatt across the parking lot for a week due to a work conference, you get stuck with the overpriced and bland stuff in the hotel or the overpriced and bland stuff here.In three straight days, their drink specials have been either Bud Light or Miller Lite (depending on the day) at $2 a pint. That's it. Happy hour is non-existant. Well drinks are $6 each. I'd expect to pay that downtown but not out here in the boonies.In addition, the food is not seasoned. Nothing special about the burgers. Chips and fries are just thrown in a fryer and then on the plate. Servers don't care too much about you and largely ignore you.About the only plus is the outdoor seating and large number of televisions. If you are in a car, you would be better off going some place else. Otherwise, if you are stranded in the hotel, just suck it up and wait to go back home.
3	More 2 1/2 stars that 3.I dined with three coworkers. The food "we" ordered was just... meh.Some of the other plates coming out of the kitchen looked better.Two of us ordered the Salmon.Half of mine was dry. How they did that I do not know.The plate was missing the rice, so they brought me plate out quickly.It was gross and overcooked. Should have left it in the kitchenAnother had a salad and that looked OK.The last diner had the fish tacos. He said they were just OK. The fish was good, but the rest of he ingredients were unimpressive.I added 1/2 star because a table next to us ordered several burgers and I saw a couple of the fried shrimp plates be delivered. THOSE looked good. But I will never go back and try them since I have a car and there are many more places that are better nearby.
2	This place is just blah.  We went here on a weekday evening, and it was not crowded.  There were 8 in our group and the staff said we could go sit outside.  They didn't have anything open elsewhere, but from the looks of it there were plenty of seats available inside.  We mentioned it would be cold outside, but they said they had heaters out there (they were not on and would not come on when we tried to get them on).There are plenty of tv's outside - only 2 were large flat screen, while others were small tubes.I agree with one of the other reviewers how the staff members are like zombies, they are not very responsive.  Service was extremely slow for a slow night at the restaurant.  Took awhile for everything from getting menus outside, then drinks, food, and eventually our bill.Food is very bland, lacking good flavor.  I was wanting a combination of the chicken and burger sliders - you get 4 of the sliders (I wanted 2 of each chicken and burger) and both are the same price, but they would not combine the two.  So Kevin and I just got the chicken sliders and split them.  It was a convenient place for us at the time, but there are plenty of better sports bars in the area with better tasting food and service.
3	Long gone are the days with the Hive across the street with a hoppin' Jocks and Jills for some post-game fun.  This place looks like it haz a sad now.  Dark, carpets are in need of cleaning or replacement, tables and chairs are wonky, booth seating has seen better days.  I work just down Tyvola and had not been for a few years, where it formerly was a pretty regular place to grab a quick lunch.  It was fine, nothing stellar, but it was fine for a quick, reasonably priced lunch.I didn't see my old favorite of a fried chicken wrap on the menu, so I went with a fried chicken salad.  It was fine *shrug*.  Service was good enough and kept drinks filled and was prompt with getting us the check and processing payment.  It's a large restaurant with lots of seating, plenty of TV's throughout playing whatever version of a sport is on at the time.  It just seems J&J has lost it's buzzzzzzzzzzzz.  They do have quite a bit of outdoor seating, and they used to have TV's out there, though I didn't notice on the last trip if they were still there or not.  It was relatively busy for lunch, so they must still be doing okay with the office park crowd around here.  It was A-OK.
3	I literally drive by this place everyday and never really paid it much attention. However, when the office said they were giving my co-worker a farewell lunch here, I was super excited! J and J's is a pretty solid spot. It's nothing really fancy but for lunch this place is totally fine. And for what it's worth, this place seems like it might actually be a pretty cool spot to check out some football games. There are tons of tvs everywhere and a fully stocked bar. Woot! Woot!  You just can't go wrong with that, ever! They have a decent size menu, classics like burgers, wings, sandwiches and salads, but also a few bonus items like salmon, mahi-mahi, and pot roast. There's also a  $4.99 lunch menu with soup and half sandwich and salad options. However, I was craving a burger and fries and that's what I got, in fact that's what everyone in my group ordered. I went with a turkey burger and added cheddar cheese. It comes on a wheat bun with all the fixings (lettuce, onion, tomato, and pickles) The burger was fine, pretty average. But everyone else ordered the Bacon (beef) Cheeseburger and they all said that they REALLY enjoyed it. Perhaps I should have added bacon!?!? Shucks! The french fries were the biggest downer. They are shoestring fries, which is fine but mine were a mix of hot and cold fries so I wasn't a fan and left most on my plate. But it's still a cool place to grab a bite for lunch and maybe watch a game in the future. And since it's so close to where I work I'm sure to be back.
1	Here's where they lost the stars:Service: Horrible! Please do us all a favor and if you do not want to work with people, skip the interview where any customer interaction is required. The hostess looked at my group of six like we had three eyes when we asked for our table. Seriously?  When we were finally seated our waitress came out and threw our coasters down on the table and asked for our drink orders. Seriously? When it was time to take our order, she  barely gave us time to finish saying what we wanted before she was on to the next person. Again, Seriously?Food: The fries were cold AGAIN. One time, okay maybe it's a fluke. But the SECOND time makes it the "norm" within your location. Unacceptable. The burger was overcooked and dry...Just No, no, no!The whole thing just seem like an inconvenience...for everyone. I didn't enjoy myself or the food.It will be a while before I give this place another chance.
3	After two long days of business we decided to eat near our hotel and this was the only option. It is a bar and bar food. At first we sat at the bar since there was a private party on the patio but asked the hostess to let us know when we could move outside since she said it was wrapping up. The tables at the bar are sticky! The server said, yeah they are just like that. Gross! Thankfully a minute later we were able to move to the patio. Actually really nice out there. Our server was very sweet too. Actually everyone was very friendly there a big plus! Some good beers on draft and my boss got a lemon drop martini she really enjoyed. We started with the spinach dip. This was weirdly very watery. Not sure why...tasted meh...my boss ordered the steak salad and I got the club sandwich. The food was average which is actually fine by me at a bar. As long as it is decent that is what is to be expected. The dip was a little off but meals not bad.
2	The description said..."cheesy creamed spinach served with warm chips".  What I received was "milky spinach served with room temperature chips".  The dip would not even sit on the chip. It ran off. Nothing remained on the chip. The chips were fresh though.  I used to enjoy this restaurant and the atmosphere.  It's not the same.  There was no service with a smile nor was there a thank you please come again. Just my bill and the server disappeared. That's exactly what I'll do...and I won't return.
4	Met a friend for a quick lunch.  I got there early, which rarely ever happens so I sat at the bar for probably 15 minutes.  They had my favorite beer on draft (which I can't get in CT where I live) so I had to get one, even though it was lunch on a Tuesday. :)  Compared to pints in the Northeast, $3 felt like a steal!  The bartender was friendly and fast with service.Once my friend arrived, we moved over to a regular table outside the bar.  We each got a lunch special... her, a cup of chili and a half sandwich; me, the grilled fish tacos.  She seemed to enjoy her, complimenting what a great price it was and the perfect amount of food for lunch.  My tacos were great!  I loved that the fish was grilled and came with rice and black beans.  The salsa and toppings were fresh.  The table service was fast and courteous.
5	I come here every time I stay at the Renaissance Marriott! It has all the channels with any sport you like. Eric, the manager, is a great guy and always makes sure you watch the game you want! The salads are surprisingly my favorite thing on the menu! The Bangkok Salad and the Fried chicken salads are awesome.Great beer selection and just the perfect place for a meal on the road watching your favorite team and drinking a nice cold beer!
3	I work literally next door, yet we always forget about Jocks & Jills when it comes to lunch.They have good lunch specials (I got a meatball sub & fries for about $5), but its nothing to write home about.  You can reserve tables/rooms for groups which is nice when a large work group is coming, but don't expect to get in and out quickly.
5	NOT your typical sports bar! The food is good, menu varied, fare is extremely economical and staff is super friendly. Right side of the restaurant has lively feel to it and a bar. left side is quieter with booths perfect for breakfast... And in the summer we all show up to hang out on the deck with our dogs;) This is a place where you can count on a very economical meal of solid favorites like wings, fish tacos, nachos and more. The staff remember regulars and go out of their way to make folks feel at home.  Who does that anymore? I for one love this place - I've had fancy shmancy all over the world and it's overrated.  Welcome home to J&Js ~
5	Great place to hangout,watch a game!Great selection of drinks and appetizers.
2	Went here based on recommendation from the hotel. There wasnt much in the area. It was a friday night they didn't have the nba all star game on just olympic ice skating and the sports illustrated swimsuit awards as well as 20/20. The waitress constantly forgot things that we asked for. She did not know the menu. and the spicy lemon pepper wings were way to spicy to even taste the lemon pepper. I sent them back and I over heard the gentleman in the booth behind me send his back for the same reason. I did enjoy the sandwich and fries that I ordered afterwards. If im in the area again, I dont know if id go back, maybe if there are no other options.
3	Tons of TVs with run of the mill food bar food. Service is consistent, beers are cheap and there are tons of screens to watch sports on. I've sampled a few different items but nothing has blown my mind. I do like the sweet potato tots though. The cajun chicken sandwich wasn't bad but I wish the bottom piece of bread didn't come out soggy.They have a large dining area, bar seating, a private room that you can reserve if you are bringing a large group and a pretty nice patio with TVs. If you are looking for a sports bar in the area Jocks & Jills is a decent choice.
3	Not bad for a beer and burger at the bar if you're on a business trip. I'm sure there's better choices in the area though.
4	Food was very good.  BBQ pork yummy, good local beers and very good service.  Would come back again.
2	Atmosphere is great... Service is subpar... Waitress jacked up my order in many ways. Her customer service skills were a 3 on a scale 1-10. Each time she came to the table all she did would only ask my husband if she could get him anything else or how the food was. Wouldn't even make eye contact with me. Never filled my water glass once whileHe got 3 refills. I'll be sure not to come here or recommend this establishment to anyone in the are for the future. If the waitress had better interpersonal skills with with women then I would recommend this place if they had fixed my order. Hands down, as long as there is professional curtesy and great food, then to me, the atmosphere doesn't matter. Fix your employee's demeanor or have them get a different job.
2	Wow did this place suck. I came here for lunch with a work collesfur. I am from out of town but this was the closest place and it did nothing for me. Dirty interior, poor service. I just got a chicken salad and it was not memorable.
2	I wasnt inpressed. I was in Charlotte for business and stayed at the Hyatt Place and Jocks was in the same parking lot. I went with 2 of my coworkers. I had the steak salad and tater tots. I love me some tots. I also had a a Michelob Ultra. My coworkers had s philly cheese steak, chili and a fried chicken salad. It is all typical pub food. My salad lettuce was wilted. The steak wasnt seasoned very well. The tots were veey crispy and good. My coworkers all agreed that their food was just ok.The bill was average.The service was friendly but a little slow. The place seemed a little depressed.I probably would only go back if i was ataying in the same hotel and was tired and just wanted a burger or wings.
3	The wait staff here is slow and sucks, with the exception of Christina (aka The word up girl).
2	Was in Charlotte for business and ate here with a few co - workers.  Other than the local copper beer I had, I can't really find anything else good to say about this place.   Sad considering I could have gotten the same beer elsewhere.  I have no intention of going back to this place. I got wings and in the picture on the menu photos it looked tasty, and the waiter noted they had decent heat in their jot sauce.   Well the pictures were deceiving as I have had chicken nuggets bigger and better than those wings.  Also the sauce was horrible, and I have had hotter banana pepper rings.   Overall just a bad experience.
3	First impression was great. The bartender was attentive and quick with a beer. Plenty of screens for sports. A bit slow on a Friday night.The food: I only had chicken nachos. They came out super fast (5 minutes tops). So the chicken was obviously not fresh grilled, and they used liquid nacho cheese instead of melting shredded cheese. I was hungry. So, I got past those thoughts and they went down just fine.
1	They're not very organized for watching games at all. There are 200 televisions in this place and seven NFL games playing but nowhere in the place can you find a television where I could hear my game.It's just not very well-designed is laid out so the TVs are all far away and some of them are analog quality.
5	One if my favorite places to eat when I'm in CLT! Courteous service. Food is always prepared as ordered, and they give a 25% to airline employees! Close to the airport and many hotels it's a great place for visitors and locals alike!
2	It's a regular sports bar - don't expect too much. I will say that this is useful in that it's across a hotel that you're put up in if you have to stay in Charlotte. The bartender was pretty nice and the prices are decent. My only issue was the crowd is a little questionable as there is also a random apartment complex across the street.I ordered the salmon and veggie salad which was decent - the salmon was well made and the veggies were grilled. The salad itself was basic. I also had a glass of there house merlot for $7. They do have a lot of variety so if you're craving a burger or wings, it's probably the place to go.
3	Fantastic lunch menu. My fav is BBQ Chicken pizza/house salad combo. Delicious!  Tons of TVs around the bar. They label the TVs with what game will be on which is nice. Staff is awesome! Large outside covered patio with a few heaters (though only one works now) and several TVs (small ones).
3	So, I have a confession to make: I didn't even realize this place still existed until a couple months ago. The NC Huskers unexpectedly lost our home of six years when Picasso's Uptown got the boot. Scrambling to find a new watch site... we landed here mid-September.If you work in this area, it's a great place to grab lunch. If you're staying/living nearby, it's a nice spot to watch games. They have a TON of tvs. The food is your standard bar type fare. Staff is nice, but service can be slow sometimes. Would I drive here normally? No. Nebraska games were the only reason I made it here the past couple months. It's just too far out for this girl.
