4	100 % Authentic Italian!! Terrific Service, Super friendly & Helpful. Very extensive menu with tons of very affordable options. HOME of the 30" Giant Pizza. Small eat-in area but very clean & Welcoming. The wings are large & meaty cooked perfectly & OH so HOT!!! If you order them HOT be ready they are HOT!!! They have teriyaki style and many other choices. The pizza is the BEST NY style we've had here in Las Vegas and at a great price. Thin & slightly crispy with REAL cheese, well seasoned sauce and REAL pepperoni, not that HORMEL stuff. As soon as we finished we wanted another one. I highly recommend Napoli and we will be regulars.
5	Napoli is one of the few places that has never messed up any of our orders. The pizza is always amazing and even their sandwiches are good. They offer a great variety of food but the reason I keep going back is for the pizza. It's just addicting. The hardest part of going to Napoli is deciding how big of a pizza you want. They have an awesome pick up special for $7.99 where you get a 16 inch 1 topping pizza. I'm saving the 30 inch pizza for a special occasion. They also have Italian soda and homemade lemonade. They are open until 2am and Thursday through Saturday they are open until 3am. The restaurant is kind of small but they have really great lunch specials. Actually.... I'm going to go order a pizza now.
5	This is my second favorite pizza in Las Vegas....next to Settebello (which always seems too far away for me). The ingredients are excellent...great dough, great mozzerella, great sauce, great toppings.... and the prices are very fair...especially their Pick-up Special.Delicious New York Style pizza.....as Italian as you can get, which is gorgeously ironic since the place is run by Russians. Only in America!
4	I was very pleased with the pizza here. I went in today for lunch and had there lunch special $6.00 for a drink and all you can eat 30'' pizza by the slice(the slice was about the size of your head). Good pizza for the money.
2	As someone who spent the last four years living in NYC, I'm very familiar with "New York style" pizza. In fact, I lived above Rosario's on the Lower East Side, where I'd grab a *perfect* pepperoni slice four times a week. So naturally I was excited to read about Napoli.Expecting to be wowed, I dialed in a delivery order for an 18" pie with pepperoni and onions for about $18. When it arrived an hour later, the results were immediately disappointing. First of all, let's make something clear. "New York style" pizza is not rocket science. It's defining quality is simplicity--a thin, floppy slice with fresh tomato sauce. When it's really good, there's a pool of grease on the surface that rolls down your arm. Shake some pepper flakes and powdered garlic on it and you're done. It should never be crispy, "doughy" or covered with pretentious crap. Anything beyond pepperoni is pushing it. This pizza, on the other hand, was bready and sweet. The cheese formed a film which slid off in your mouth. I didn't find the ingredients especially flavorful, fresh or abundant. Adding insult to injury, there was a $3.50 delivery charge and the driver gave me lip for going "out of his way." In sum, it was typical suburban pizza, marginally better than the major chains but thoroughly pedestrian. Now, I'll concede that the debate on what constitutes a true "New York style" pizza will undoubtedly continue raging for centuries. But here's two things to consider: 1) Not all pizza in New York is good. 2) Not all New Yorkers have good taste. In fact, many are perfectly happy with Sbarro and Domino's. I am not one of them. Indeed, I feel a certain responsibility to defend the "New York" monicker from those who would profit from its misuse. If my critique of Napoli seems harsh, I beg you to keep this in mind.
1	Veggie pizza at Napoli is yucky...With the exception of the onions, all of the veggies are from cans or jars.
4	Boyfriend and I were in Vegas last fall, and we needed a night off the strip.  We were craving pizza after eating lots of fancy food, and we found this place on yelp. The pizza was delicious, but not the best I've ever had.  However, I still have dreams about the garlic balls.  For $3, you get 20 delicious little balls of dough. They are yummy when you get them. But I highly suggest you save some and eat them warmed up the next day.  They are super soft and soaked in butter and garlic and so delicious as leftovers.
3	We always end up ordering from Napoli because they deliver late night.  It usually takes at least an hour to deliver no matter what the time of day.  But at least it is consistent. We have tried lots of stuff.  The 30" inch pizza is probably the best bang for your buck.  We feasted for about 3 days on it.  I really like the greek salad.  the don't skimp in the cheese or olives.  We always love spicy boneless wings.  All in all though the pizza is good but nothing extraordinary.  Basic crust.  bland sauce.  But until someone else recommends another GREAT place near downtown--we will probably be ordering from Napoli.
4	We found out about this pizza after looking for a late night pizza place that delivers late and they do...I believe they deliver until 3am and they delivered to the strip which was a plus for us. The pizza was one of the better ones I have had. Will definitely have it again next time we visit Vegas...
2	PIZZA HUT!! After the whole $10 for any pizza promotion my boy and I started using Pizza Hut.  It is the BEST!!!!!  The thin crust supreme is so good.  we are totally addicted.  We always get the spicy boneless wings, and two large supreme pizzas (so we have left overs) and it comes to about $30.  Staff is friendly and English speaking.  The delivery is fast.
4	I like this kinda pizza. Floppy and thin with a thick non greasy flour dusted crust. The pepperoni and sauce, very tasty. Over all hey for 7 bux I would rather buy this than at some overpriced chain. Further more I got wings,fries, a drink and a 16" pepperoni for 15 bux! Cant get that at ANY national brand pizza chain, you would looking at damn near 40 bux! Yes, they seem a lil cranky but who cares foods good and its cheap. I can deal with a little lack of service to save a fistfull of cash. I would also like to add, I dont know who she is but the cashier was a dark haired beauty. Again, great pizza, great price and a little eye candy to boot. Im not complaining! The interior of the restaurant isnt as cold and sterile as I thought it would be from pictures I found online. Its actually quiet, they're is plenty of room for a large party or if its just a small family of three. Heres the BIGGY! When you drive into the complex from sahara, your going to drive through the shopping center and turn left at the end. and then a another left to its front door Its directly across from fit for ten.
4	We saw a commercial for this place the night before leaving Vegas, so we figured it might be a good spot to grab a bite before hitting the road. It's nestled in the middle of a half-abandoned shopping center, but it wasn't too hard to find for an out-of-towner like myself. The front register was run by a couple of tough-looking Eastern Euro chicks, one of which seemed annoyed that I couldn't understand what she was asking through her thick accent. Before food came, I had to use the bathroom. Normally, this would be a nonevent. However, the bathroom can only be found after navigating a labyrinthine maze of doors. I was concerned I'd wind up getting locked out of at least one of them, which would have led to a damn long walk back to the front. But I survived. Food came, and it looked like hammered shit. Seriously. So consider me surprised when I dug in to find that it was actually really damn good. We got a small pizza and some chicken tenders. I was kinda "meh" on the tenders. So rare is it that I get chicken fingers that don't taste like store brand crap. But the pizza here was really good. Cheesy, great sauce, crisp crust... just about everything I require in a good slice.
5	I've been living in Las Vegas for a little over three years, but am originally from NYC (born and bred). I had tried to find pizza that I liked out here and had no luck. Dominos, Pizza Hut, etc. are what they are, but it isn't "real" pizza. The independent pizzerias in my neighborhood are crap too; I had given up on finding the perfect pie and began focusing on all the other good food out here (In-n-Out, anyone?) that I couldn't get back East. One day a coworker bought lunch for the office. Lo and behold, the perfect sausage (real, Italian sausage in slices, not that crumbled garbage) and mushroom NY-style pie! I found out it came from Napoli's and have been hooked ever since. Take it from a real, live NYC pizza snob--this is the best you will find in Las Vegas. It isn't perfect, but if you've lived here long enough, you've probably forgotten what good pizza tastes like anyway. Give it a shot; go pick up a 16" pepperoni for just $7.99. The best part is that they recently opened a third store on Nellis, right near me. This is important; now I don't have to drive all the way to the West side and get home with a lukewarm pizza. Score! Napoli's has an extensive menu. I have not tried even a fraction of their offerings, but aside from their delicious pizza, they have great eggplant parm and amazing, fresh-made cannoli (they make them to order--no soggy shell). I could live with or without their chicken fingers, but they're not half bad. They make a damn good Stromboli too. The pizza is definitely the star of the show, but it's worth checking out some of their other offerings if you're in the mood for something different. You probably won't be disappointed either way.
4	They left us a delivery menu under the door to our room at the Rio. It said 'fast delivery' and they were open till 5am. We ordered a Large Supreme Pizza and Wings + Fries. Total was $36 + tip.The pizza was freaking huge! It was flavorful, the ingredients seemed fresh and it was pretty delicious! But my favorite thing were the wings! We ordered mild, but they were pretty spicy. Despite the heat, they were tasty, fried to a crispy goodness and big! They've probably made it to my top 5 favorite wings list. Here are the downers: The delivery wasnt really 'fast'. HOWEVER, I understand I need to add some extra time because the driver needs to find parking and then trek up to our room, right? So the hour it took to get our pizza was probably actually really reasonable.1 piece of dry celery and 2 pieces of carrot with my damn wing order? Disappointing for sure.Overall, Its about a 3.5 star for me. Yes, Id definitely recommend it to anyone staying in Vegas and wanting something other than hotel room service or restaurant food!
4	This will be a rather to the point review...I arrived at my Godson's birthday party tonight and was greeted by a 30 inch monster pepperoni pizza! ~It was perfectly cooked!~Not too saucy, just enough cheese!~Toppings were well proportioned...not too many, not too little!~Tasted like a little piece of NYC.........(sigh)!Who doesn't LOVE good pizza!?!?!?!I can easily say that I'll be back! :)
3	Ok these reviews have got to be phony or something. I'm Italian and I'm  from New York, born and raised. I've also run a pizzeria for many years.  This is not authentic Italian New York pizza. If you can't tell that when you are from New York, than maybe it's time you took a trip back and reminded yourselves. It's owned and operated by a bunch of Russians, like moved here straight outta Russia kind of Russians. Which is all good; if you can make a good pizza, then I don't care where you are from. And it's good pizza, but not great italian NY pizza as many of these reviews would have you believe. Now with all that out of the way, I actually find this place to be pretty decent. I would give 3 and a half stars if it were an option. The best thing about this place is that they are open till drunk ass hours of the night. It's perfect when nothing is open, that you can order anything from a pizza to a cheeseburger. Whenever I see a pizzeria with a menu this big, I grow puzzled. Pizza, ribs, burgers, taquitos, gyros, chili, soups, shrimp, mussels, veal, calamari, hot and cold subs etc.. Why offer everything under the sun (when you can only do it mediocre), when you can focus on the essentials and be awesome at it?? Kind of like a Jack of all trades, master of none concept. I think it's partially because they deliver to the strip and that's totally a room service type of menu. Napoli has a pretty passable pie. I mean; it isn't really great or amazing, but at 3 am it's hard to find great or amazing anyway. One plus is, if you have a large group you can order a ridiculous 30" pie. I wanna try the Sicilian because back home that was one of my favorite kinds of pizza. If I order it I'll update the review. I also haven't tried pastas yet from here. I did try the garlic balls which sound ridiculous, but they aren't too bad. They aren't like authentic garlic knots, but they aren't bad either. They are the bread balls baked in the oven and tossed in a garlic-y oil, with seasonings and a shredded parm kind of cheese. I ordered a chicken parm sub one time also. It was reasonably priced and came with fries. I can't complain, it was one of the better things I have ordered from here. My chicken parm, puts this to shame. But sometimes, I don't feel like putting in all the time and effort. That is when something like this will do just fine.So far, besides Villa especially the one out near Anthem, and the former Big Inning I haven't found a great New York pizza here. Not Verrazano's, not Ny pizza and pasta, nothing yet. If you have any suggestions I'd love to hear it. With all that said, after hours in a pinch this is still the place I'd call for a pizza fix. And at the end of the day it still beats the hell out of the abominations that are Pizza Hut/Dominos/Little Ceaser's/Papa Johns.
2	This was my first and last time ordering from Napoli's pizza.  We ordered Mozz Sticks, Eggplant Parm Sandwich w/ Fries, and Chocolate Cake.  Pros - It WAS Super Bowl Sunday and we still received our order in under an hour.Cons - everything else.  Even though my order was delivered within an hour, it tasted like it had probably been done a good 45mins before I got it (I live no more than 15mins away).  The Mozz sticks were solid...like they were cooked and sat for so long they got cold and were just solid sticks of cheese covered in breading.  When I ordered the Eggplant Parm Sandwich I asked them to add Ricotta cheese, I didn't see or taste any.  While the sauce was good, there wasn't nearly enough of it.  There was no sauce on the bread, so the eggplant was very dry, only a thin layer of sauce on top.  In addition to that, the eggplant wasn't cooked very well, I couldn't chew through most of it.  Then the chocolate cake - it was terrible.  It was dry and just didn't taste very good.Like I said, my FIRST AND LAST time ordering from this pizzeria.
4	I love napolis pizza. When me and my friends have large to medium gatherings we order from napolis. Their party pizza is the best. Moderately greasy and made fresh to order. Delivery is normally right on time or ahead of schedule. Not only is their pizza good, their mozarella sticks are decent and the stromboli is phenominal. The only complaint I've ever heard about napolis is from a woman who can't have any grease on her pizza. I for one enjoy a little grease on my pizza as napolis pizza is not very greasy. I've had much worse! Napolis has my pat on the back. Good job chefs!
2	What NYC are some of these people talking about? I'm thinking of the one that's right across the river from New Jersey. The one with the Empire State Building. The pizza typically found there, as opposed to say New York, Missouri or New York, New Mexico, is NOTHING like Napoli's pizza. But that's not my issue. My issue is that the pizza is poorly made and has mediocre taste. When I pulled out my first slice all the toppings rode a tsunami of tomato sauce off the slice and down onto my plate. It made a disturbing flop sound. It had an ok taste, but all in all, it was no better than Dominos. I think rather than go there again, I'll save my dough.
1	HORRIBLE Customer Service. I placed a late-night order. The woman on the phone allegedly said "45 minutes", but I heard "25 minutes". I would take the blame for this if I hadn't repeated back to her twice to confirm that she said "25 minutes". So an hour after we place the order, the food shows up. Everyone was asleep, so it went straight to the fridge. The next morning we discover that they didn't even provide the food we ordered (somehow "Turkey Club with no tomato" sounds like "Bruschetta"?!). After complaining and having the customer service person not only interrupt me, but shout OVER me on the phone, they send the driver to pick up the incorrect order and credit my account. We had to wait 30 minutes to check out for the driver to arrive because he demanded that we not leave it at the door for him. Then they don't even credit my account. What a disaster! I will NEVER even consider ordering from them again.
3	So I ordered a Sicilian pie from Napoli. My advice is to avoid it. You're better off with a regular pie. I also discovered if you want it to be a good pie, you need to order it slightly well or well. I don't know if it's the ovens Napoli uses or the crappy dough, but ordering it Well makes it better. Traditional pizza dough in a traditional brick oven doesn't need to be ordered well to be good, but this pizza does. When you order their pizza regular, the crust is mush and the bottom of the slice is white as can be. For the uninformed, pizza is supposed to be golden brown to brown on the bottom. Anything less and it's undercooked or practically raw. I kinda find it ridiculous that so many pizzerias find that concept so difficult. Usually, inferior Conveyor Air Ovens are the culprit. They may cook a pizza quicker, but they will never compare to a brick oven. Hope this helps some of you.  After a few more times ordering, I still in good conscience can only rate this place 3 stars.
2	I have never written a review before, but the service at this place is so offensive that I feel that a review is warranted.  I planned a lunch delivery for our monthly staff luncheon, and the food did not arrive in time for the meeting.   In fact, the order was 45 minutes late.  The lady on the phone who took the order was downright rude, with a "take it or leave it" attitude.  Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.  I gave this place 2 stars because the food is actually fresh and tasty.  But the service SUCKS.
5	tried thee combination pizza it was a hit a huge success ... tasted just like the 1 thats back home in Vallejo ca
2	First let me preface this review, I do not like giving bad reviews.Napoli Pizza & Restaurant has Dine-in, take out and delivery. Their menu has soups, appetizers, salads, chicken wings & fingers, chicken dinners, ribs, hot & cold sandwiches, hamburgers, pasta, veal, desserts, a children's menu and Pizza. their pricing is about average for what they serve.I like Pizza, I have had a number of different types of pizza, different places around the world and there are a few things that I expect when I order a pizza for delivery. First the pizza be there when I am told it would arrive, Napoli Pizza was in the time frame that they say they would arrive. That was the best part of the experience.The Pizza I ordered was a 24" Alfredo Pizza with Canadian Bacon. The pizza toppings was in the center of the pizza, about what you would expect on a 14" or 16" pizza. The Canadian Bacon was cut up deli ham (I love Canadian Bacon on my pizza, when I order Canadian Bacon I expect Canadian Bacon). The center of the pizza was soggy, and the dough did not appear to be cooked all the way. I am not sure if it was because they cooked it and let it sit in the box awhile or if it was just under cooked. The outside edge of the pizza was brown. Instead of the traditional wedge cut slices the pizza was cross cut into small squares, and most of the time it was not cut all the way through. That could have been because it was such a large pizza.Overall I can give them 1 star for being on time, however, the pizza although barely edible, it is not a pizza I would ever order from them again, so I give 1 star for the pizza. They have a very large selection on their menu, unfortunately, because of the experience I had with the pizza I will not sample any other items, This is one delivery menu I will be throwing away.
2	Second time here; my first experience would have been...probably a 3.5 star, but I'm glad I came back to get a better picture.It's around 730pm on a Monday night. My best friend wanted pizza and I wanted fries, so we go to dine-in at Napoli's. Their extensive menu is convenient as he can get his pizza fix and I can get my frenchy fry on.Now here is where we go on a roller coaster ride...Walking in: no greeting whatsoever. Lots of staring, no smiling. Both girls at the counter are on the phone. Seems standard enough.Ordering: One girl at the counter was on the phone and although I can never be too sure, she did not look like she was taking an order at all. She was leaning back against the counter and just casually chatting into the phone. She looks at me and I smile at her, waiting patiently. She stares and keeps talking. A few moments pass, she's still on the phone, and I'm getting looks from the cooks in the back. Finally, she yells out for the other girl to come out and take my order while she resumes talking on the phone. I don't know who takes that long to order food from a restaurant but they really had this chick occupied. Finally, the other lady comes out and I put my order in.Food/Service: The other lady is actually really nice, and she made our experience a lot better. She was friendly, talked and joked with us, which is nice since we didn't really feel like we were getting any attention at this place (did I mention we were the only patrons here?). We had ordered calamari, pasta (came with garlic bread and a side salad), a small supreme pizza, chicken alfredo, and curly cheese fries with bacon bits. Everything was good except the fries. Ready to quench my thirst for greasy, fried potato goodness, I stabbed my fork into the fries, only to find the combination of fries, cheese, and bacon had melded into a solid brick of lukewarm lard. I am beginning to get the idea that this basket has been sitting for a while, as it was also the last thing to come from the kitchen (when it should have been one of the first). Hmm. I take it back to the front, asking if I can return it. I didn't even want them to make another. Nice Lady says she'll have to ask her manager and tells me to give her a few moments. She comes back out to say her manager is busy and to give her about five minutes. I go back to sit down. By the time we were done with our meal, we still haven't heard from the manager. Best Friend tells me to forget about it. So we do. Consider it their tip.Bottom line is, the food is mostly good, but the service is terrible. 90% of the time, the girls at the counter were on the phone. I'm pretty sure they were answering phone orders, but that one extremely rude girl was pretty much on the phone the ENTIRE TIME we were there, except to give us our pizza. Staff seemed to stare a lot...but that might be because we were the only ones in the restaurant.
4	Have to feed a bunch of people on the cheap? BUT you don't want it to be bad food? Ya know, sometimes when you get into those large quantities of food the quality drops. Welp, not at Naploi's. I was working at the Barrett Joackson Car Auction at Mandalay Bay and we had a lot of hungry workers to feed. Of course pizza is a go to in a situation like that. We called up Napoli's and ordered three 30-inch pizzas. One with half plain cheese, and half veggies. The other two we got the meat lovers. First off - awesome they could deliver to us at the Auction as it was a busy event and the pizza delivery person had to call us and park in a parking lot not on the property. He waited for us to walk out to get the pizzas.Everyone who was eating the pizza said the same thing: GREAT PIZZA! I personally thought the cheese was the best part. The meat was plentiful, as were the veggies. The meat pizza was a bit too greasy for me, but it was still good. But the veggie one was amazing! So many vegetables! They did not skimp. Although, I do think there were a bit too many onions. I picked a bunch off my slice, but hey, some people may like that many. *shrug*Obviously I've never dined-in, but the delivery service is awesome and the pizzas made a whole lot of hungry people VERY happy!
4	The pizza here is great! Not the best I've ever had, but the service was quick and the thin crust is just the way I like it. Price was also spot on and having spent a lot for hotel room it was nice to be able to swing by and grab a pizza and take it back to our room for dinner. Well worth the trip away from the strip.
5	OMG! Best white pizza ever! If you're like me that prefer white pizza over the traditional, you have to try their special white pizza, it's got white sauce, moz & ricotta cheeses, bacon & chicken and they sprinkle herb seasoning on it, also comes w/ a side of marinara, perfect for the crust. Never ordering white pizza anywhere else but here!Also my hubby loved their Philly steak "bomb" sub, it was huge and over stuffed w/ steak, bacon, mushrooms, peppers, & melty Swiss I think(not fake nacho cheese) the fries it came w/ was good too, not soggy and perfectly seasoned.They're not the cheapest, but for the quality & quantity you get the $ is well spent!
4	Was out for my wife's coworkers' birthday bash at the local bar and they ordered pizza to fill our drunk stomachs. Guess what? I found a new place where I would like to go more often. A lot of pizza places leave you with that heavy feeling. I think mainly cause of the extra thick crust or the tons of toppings which really take away from the actual taste of the pizza. This pizza did remind me of pizza that I had in New York. A little greasy but let me tell you, it was like oil you wanted to drink or lick off your plate. Nasty as that sounds after you ate a slice you might think twice. A thirty inch monster of a pizza did us in. I want one now and that's the truth.
5	My favorite place to grub in Vegas!  The best part about this place is the vast menu... I could eat here everyday for a month and never eat the same thing twice. Personally, outside of diners in Jersey, I have not seen a restaurant offer so many different desserts. The staff has always been friendly and efficient... and the food always hot and fresh!Great food at a great price... love it!
5	Best pizza in Vegas!  Good quality cheese, not too greasy; homemade sauce and oregano flavor in my mouth all make this the yummiest pizza.  The first time I had it I could taste all the flavors and now this is the place I go when I want a slice or a whole pizza.  Their prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is simple yet fitting.  I even ordered their giant pizza for a party and it didn't lose any of its flavor.  Go here once and you will forget the rest.
5	The pizza is consistently good. Love the text coupons. They come once a week, but I don't mind. Friendly staff.
5	Great Pizza, Good family atmosphere, great service ! Every time!
5	I have yet to find better pizza in Las Vegas.  The prices are unbeatable and the pizza is outstanding.  The carryout special is only $7.99 and can feed three hungry people.  If you have a large group order the 36inch pizza that will feed a ton and the quality of the pizza is amazing.  Can take a bit for the food sometimes because they can get very busy.  Bottom line, I would bet money it's the best VALUE in town when it comes to pizza.
5	I really love this place. Great prices, great food, personable staff. Give'em a try.
5	My husband and I have been ordering from this place since we moved here almost 5 years ago. Just have to say they are only getting better.   Their pizza is always phenomenal, of course! Their salads have always been pretty good, but recently they've been even better! I order the boneless wings on a regular basis and the amount you get for your money, awesome! I also highly recommend the 30" pizza to take into work, people's eyes kinda bug out when they see it.    Thanks for being open late too. My husband travels and gets back into town pretty late sometimes, we know we can always order from you. Very good job you guys!
3	I'd like to amend the review I wrote the other day, Napoli is great when it comes to pizza and chicken fingers, wings, etc. If you order the Greek salad, it's really good usually. To order another kind of salad, ugh. We've tried both their Caesar and dinner salad and they were both poor in quality and tonight, no dressing came with it. Such a disappointment for such a good place. Please step up your salads, we love you guys!
1	I've been a customer of Napoli for almost 5 years, ordering delivery at LEAST once a month.  Sure, they may have a long wait time, be a bit privy, and have forgotten part of my order at the store before, but I've always dealt with it because frankly, they're accommodating and give you a LOT of food.  However, tonight showed me just how little they care about their customers.  I have never had a problem ordering multiple flavors on my chicken fingers or upgrading (for a hefty fee) regular fries to curly fries, but tonight I was flat out told "no" and that it was "company policy."  Upon calling back to cancel my order, I didn't even get an apology.  I work face-to-face with customers at a fortune-500 company and know that a good rule of thumb is that even if you can't accommodate a customer,  to at LEAST apologize for it.  I am seriously sad to say I can no longer be a Napoli customer due to their severely poor customer service skills, and I hope others will stand to not put up with it either.
4	Napoli Pizzeria.. home of the 30" pizza!! We had a blast watching them make these and slide them into the ginormous delivery bag. We got half hawaiian, half pepperoni, sausage, and mushroom. The pizza was fantastic, we'd definitely go there again, no question. My husband is a wings guy and he enjoyed them, though he can never get his wings spicy enough, so naturally, he didn't think they were as hot as he would have liked. Fun atmosphere, too... our waitress was really nice and let us take a picture with her and a 30" pizza for fun. The staff is great.. laughing and joking with everyone. Highly recommended!
4	Can't believe it took me this long to try this place - they are close to my house, deliver, have way more options than a big-chain place, and the food was very tasty! We ordered the Napoli Special pizza (pepperoni, bacon, feta, and black olives - nothin' wrong with that list), and a steak salad (our attempt to justify getting a giant pizza for dinner). Steak salad was good - nothing really stood out that would make me HAVE to have it again, but there wasn't anything to complain about. The pizza was delicious though! The crust was just the right amount of crisp, chew, grease, and flavor :-) I will definitely order again to try out all the other fun pizza on the menu (I'm lookin' at you Taco pizza).Be warned - you might vastly overestimate how much pizza 24" is like me and have pizza in the fridge for daaaaays. Good news is it keeps well!
4	We tried this place on the advice of a local, while visiting the area. We said we wanted a good pizza, something local, not a national chain. He directed us here, so we went in an ordered a pizza to go. While they made the pizza we walked to a nearby grocery store and selected a six-pack to take back to the room along with the pizza. We picked up the pizza and drove back to our motel.  Back in the room we settled in and opened our pizza and our beers. The pizza was fantastic. I don't recall exactly what we got, but half was just cheese (possibly four of them?) and the other half a pretty standard pepperoni and sausage. White sauce. It really was a great pizza. The beer was less than great, but I can hardly blame Napoli for that. The room was also only so-so, as was the Discovery Channel's show about giant catfish. But the vacation sex was hot, so all-in-all, a pretty good night. But the main point was the pizza. It was good. And now, everytime we're in Vegas, we order from them. But we stepped up the beer selection.
4	My family and I have been dining at Napoli pizzeria every Thursday for over three months. By this time, you would think we'd all be sick of Napoli, but the taste never gets old. Every time we've gone there, the food has come out fairly quickly, and has always been very good. There are only two things that i dislike about Napoli; the pizza is overly greasy in my opinion, and the restaurant can get a loud at times, but not so loud that it becomes unenjoyable. I would recommend this place for anyone who's looking for a good meal.
1	First of all, this place left a menu in OUR mailbox...so it was perfect, we had a flight leaving at 6am and still have a ton of stuff to do to get ready for our flight.... So we gave Napoli a shot....TWO hours later and our pizza was still not delivered. We called to cxl an to say that was ridiculous and the girl just offers a discount and says that they are busy! Really? I have never waited 2 hours for ANY pizza. So did it take 2 hrs to actually get the pizza cooked or has it been sitting under a heat lamp for two hrs waiting for a delivery person? Don't solicit or leave your flyer at or even near my home if you can't deliver a flipping pizza in the proper amount of time.  I would never ever recommend this place.
2	I had always seen their commercials and most of the reviews on here said they were fantastic. I was on this website tonight before I decided to order. I read a couple reviews that said their crust was fabulous and since I am big in to crust, I decided to order. I got the Specialty Pizza with olives, pepperoni, bacon and feta cheese. Despite all the reviews I read earlier, the staff was nothing but friendly. They weren't overly friendly but they weren't rude, either. The delivery did take an hour, the pizza is pretty big (18") but I have seriously had better. Honestly, I would have rather ordered papa johns and would have paid less for better quality AND it would have come to my place a lot faster. I will not be ordering from them again. It tastes just like my local greasy pizza bar down the street from me. They're nothing special, at all.
4	My friends and I ordered this today and it was great! We got the 30" Supreme pizza with everything on it for $36.00 and we had to put it in the trunk when we brought it home. The slices are cut up in squares. We still have about a little less then half left, and there are 3 of us.
4	Good pizza place. Fast delivery. Tasted fresh and hot. The "Italian special" with garlic, artichoke, tomatoes, pepperoni and sausage was great. Glad I found this place.
2	The pizzas are great, great variety and this is really what is the main attraction. It's like alot of other places in Vegas (Angelinas, Cafe Verdi etc.) They have everything you could ever think of on the menu. Fried Mushrooms, Zuchinni sticks, Jalapeno Poppers etc. I have had their pizza before, its good. So opted for a lunch special. Philly, Fries and a drink. Great price, but nothing stood out to me with the Philly. I don't know if its because I work for a place where we make our own bread, but the bread wasn't that great, very airy, like there was no substance or flavor to it. The beef itself was so-so, had a very mild taste to it, when combined with mushrooms and peppers. It was like they hardly put seasonings on it. If you're looking for a place that has a great pizza, and with a huge variety of other entrees and appetizers, this is the place, I am sure there is something for everyone.
4	"Great food. Love their chicken fingers."
4	Solid, high quality ingredients and they deliver to my house which is 15 minutes away easy. They usually deliver right around one hour after I order, which is totally reasonable, and the price is pretty decent for the quality. I appreciate the little extra attention to details. They always include a baggie with paper plates, red pepper, parm, and napkins. Not really necessary, but nice. My only gripe, and it's a minor one, is that the pizza isn't as hot as I would like. Not cold, but not hot. Of course, this is probably because I live so far away. :P
1	i've ordered from this place twice seeing how it got decent reviews and i wanted to give it a second shot before i passed judgement. sadly for me it was way below par. first time around i ordered my favorite kind of pizza with pepperoni, extra sauce and extra cheese; sadly it was overpriced and bland, all i tasted was cheese and grease. the next time i skipped the pizza and ordered their napoli pastrami sandwich which comes with a side salad, slaw or fries. i saw on their website they offered chili cheese fries which gave me an instant craving for some, but the lady on the phone would not sub them. i then asked if i could sub some spaghetti or something, she again refused. so i had to order my sandwich with a side of fries with an extra side of chili cheese fries. i figured if the fries were good they might be worth it but they weren't,  bland and barley warm. i literally live 2 blocks from the restaurant! and my food can't be delivered hot? that wasn't even the worst part, the sandwich was disgusting, the pastrami was so dry it was Inedible, to top it off it was just a rip off of Capriotti's Capastrami. btw chili cheese fries were also terrible, my dog literally would not eat them. he gave them a sniff and turned away. he did however eat some of the pastrami.
1	I used to eat here regularly, but a poor customer service experience left me with a bad taste in my mouth. So congratulations Napoli, a long time, regular customer is gone.
4	This place is open late- maybe even 24 hours.  I thought its location was a little out of place but who cares, when you're hungry- you're HUNGRY! I stumbled in about 2:30 a.m with some friends. The services was slow, but the food was very very good! and that wasn't just the hungry drunk talkin. The menu has a wide selection- typical for a pizza joint but enough to fulfill whatever midnight craving you're having. We had a SUPREME PIZZA which was delicious. What I liked most about this place aside from the food was how thorough the staff was. Each delivery was checked individually to ensure the order was correct, more that enough sauce, napkins, utensils were provided in each bag.
3	i had two terrible experiences with this place however that is not the purpose of this review. i write this review now because i had written one that got filtered out by yelp's site software that, i guess, will not show a review if it deems it unreliable. (at the bottom of the page there is a link to read filtered reviews). hopefully this review wont be filtered, but just wanted to let people be aware that though 11 one star reviews were filtered (mine included) an almost equal number of 5 star reviews were filtered at 9. however after reading the 1 star reviews 8/11 mentioned something about the terrible customer service they received. really yelp? you don't see the pattern?
4	First visit to Napoli. Had the Alfredo Pizza. Delicious! Alfredo sauce, Mozerella cheese, mushroom, and chicken. Perfect crust! Really good!Business place, all employees moving quickly and working hard! We'll definitly be back....soon!
5	Food was amazing. I love pizza and it says a lot if I can manage to finish a whole pie. For dessert I had to have the illy affogato.
3	I used to go to Napoli once a week.They have good pizza, no question.Except I found a place that's significantly better at the same price:Sicili's Pizza on Twain between Paradise and Swenson. There's a young Russian guy there (Napoli is Russians too) named Yuri, who is a pizza savant...a prodigy of pizza.I don't know how he does it. But he really cares about what he's doing.It's the crust; it's the ingredients. He knows just how long to bake the pizza so that it's soft, chewy, thin, buttery, but not too hard.In Italy, he'd get an honorary passport.
2	Was in vegas for vacation.  My friends and I ordered napolis at our room. Was soggy and ok. Nothing great.  Just ok
1	I ordered room service from here and the food was cold! It was good none the less but next time have it hot!
1	Room service again.. They said it would be delivered 45-1 hour ... It's been over 1 hour and 45 min.. And still no show. I called and said I didn't want to pay for the food and the manager only took off $6!
4	This was my first time coming here. Everyone I have talked to about this place said they use to come here all the time and that the food was really good. Its owned by Russians and despite that the pizza was really good. I will be coming here more often. I recommend coming here if you havent been before.
5	The HOT wings are amazing! Best time to go is 12 to 3 lunch special are very reasonable
1	Visited Napoli  near Sahara ordered a pizza to go,please check your pizza before you leave. My pizza was awful,it taste like it was not freshly made,I was very disappointed
4	I've been going here late at night now that I get off work at 1am, and the employees have always been nice and the food just as good..... good to see people are in a good mood at 1am when at work.
4	I took my family here for lunch yesterday.  The adults had antipasto salads and soup for lunch (minestrone and wedding) and the kids had pasta and chicken tenders.  We had a lot of good food for a low price.  This place is not far from the strip and this local would recommend it to people who have a car on the strip to try it.This place is casual and good for families.  Around the corner is the bead shack where you can buy beads and take beading classes too if you want a non-Vegas activity for a day.
5	Great selection of food and everything I have tried has been great.  Delivery fee is cheap and delivery time is above average.  P.s.  Try the newton sandwich- it's awesome.
5	This place is across the street from work and their pizza is amazing! Only $7.99 for one topping pizza if u pick up!!! Can't beat it
2	Pizza isn't bad...but terrible, and I mean terrible, customer service. My order was botched and the manager insisted that it was my fault. We didn't receive a pizza so I asked if she could have another made quickly and we would pay and pick it up. Her response was, "No. It's not my fault. You have to wait 35 minutes because I have other customers." What. A. Joke.
5	As much as I hate to admit it I order from them once a week....   The crust is thin but has a nice bite to it and the sauce is fresh and perfectly seasoned not too sweet and not too tangy.  The toppings are fresh and the sides are great. It's in my top 3 best pizzas in Vegas
1	we have been going to Napoli's pizza for a very long time, food was always good service was always decent.I ordered delivery and the driver was an hour and a half late, couldn't believe it. I called a half hour after the driver was supposed to have been here and they told me he left 15 minutes ago.....one hour later he showed up. But the service tonight was terrible, this girl was being argued with by the guys that run the place because her soda was flat. They refused to give her a fresh one and they would not even give her a refill on a fountain drink I could not believe how terrible they treated her. My girlfriend and I were disgusted at the way they treated her. We will NEVER return to Napoli's pizza again and I assume that girl and her family will never return. I enjoy customer service, Napoli's finally got bad enough to lose me...the food isn't good enough to warrant treating people like that.
5	I have been taking my family here for years (20-30 visits) and they never disappoint.  Great service, good food, and a great value.  You won't be disappointed.  Dine in is always good, delivery is better.
4	Pretty decent pie here, ordered late night quick delivery nice delivery driver.  Pizza was hot and fresh, sauce was good, toppings were generous, would definatly order from here again
3	I Love that this place delivers 24 hours a day. They are usually prompt and deliver in the time frame they estimated. However, I ALWAYS have issues ordering through their website. It just cant register my address forcing me to call in the delivery over the phone. I don't have cash on me very often so I am usually paying with credit card. I hate that the stranger on the phone asks me for everything except my pin number in regards to my credit card. They ask for the billing zip code and security code amongst every other thing on my credit card. I have never been asked for all this information in my life! I order from plenty of pizza establishments and they only ask for the card number and expiration. I really hope they get a new credit card merchant soon because I know for a FACT that asking for all that information is not necessary, and down right suspicious. I don't feel comfortable ordering with my credit card with this company and therefore will only order when I have cash on hand. PLEASE update your credit card policy over the phone!
5	Amazing pizza with amazingly large sizes! If your pizza tastes bad its because you chose a bad combination of toppings. Their Italian Pizza is my favorite.They have the best music taste EVAR! (can you say 24/7 Michael Jackson, EPIC 90's techno pop, Jock Jams, and retro progressive house?)
3	I'm not sure what it says about Vegas that this delicious pizza place is run entirely by Russians who can't possibly be turning a profit, but I'll eat there happily nonetheless!Most come here for the takeout special: 16", 1 topping glorious ness for a mere $7. Really can't be beat. Add in a massive salad ($6-10) to pretend you're being healthy, and you've got dinner for like, five people. I ate two slices  and a good portion if the salad and was stuffed. Their price for size/value is good. Service was friendly and fast. Packed plates and utensils with out takeout order, along with cheese and peppers, which was a nice touch.Ordered the Greek salad, think I accidentally got the gyro salad by mistake. It it was still great. Would get again- fresh, crunchy salad with plenty of meat and cheese, and an entire tomato! Pizza hot and fresh, good sauce that wasn't too sweet, crust was thin but still had some crunch to it.
3	There's only one reason to order from Napoli and that's their 30" MONSTER pizza.  It is, without a doubt, the largest pizza I have ever seen.  The initial reactions from others partaking in this beast is worth the price alone.  We had a party of 6 and still had a ton of leftovers!I ordered at 10am on a football Sunday.  Obviously a busy time for them so it took over an hour for it to arrive but no big deal.  I was very impressed that I could view the entire menu, make my order and pay for the pizza through the Yelp app via eat24 with such ease.  Delivery was the only way I could get this pizza home unless I wanted to clean out my car trunk to make space or rent a U-haul anyways.  We ordered the supreme which had all the usual suspects for toppings.  I honestly thought the crust wasn't going to be very good due to the size but it was alright.  Someone taking a blindfold test between this and Metro would probably say Metro was better but it's all about the show with this "pie".
3	I work at a nearby building that is 24 hours and this is our go to for middle of the night munchies. some nights they deliver all the way up until 5am they have really cheap pick up specials as how is the food you ask??well  and their food is super fresh and has a homemade taste to it they have a huge calzones that are stuffed with ricotta and mozzarella and your choice of toppings they have everything from pasa to solid two burgers too hot subs too cold subs 2 appetizers to calamari to soups to desserts then of course their specialty pizzasI do not think I can I call a single menu item that I got from this place that I did not  enjoy its good home cooked Italian food delivered to your door almost 24 /7
3	the pizza was ok. the crust and sauce were good. the toppings were pretty good except the suasage. I dont know why they skimp on quality of this. It was the typical dominos processed pellets instead of real italian sausage. I do enjoy that they are open until 5 a.m. and deliver. This will come in handy when in vegas and needing pizza late night like I have wanted in the past. The other thing I enjoyed was the great 80's music they had piped into the restaurant.
2	Review based upon late night delivery...The pizza is decent.  It was delivered fresh and hot, but the quality of the topping ingredients weren't the best.  The crust is probably the highlight for me, with a good amount of chewiness and not at all burnt or limp.  The pizza I *may* order again, but nothing else.No matter how desperate your craving, do not order the "Childrens Macaroni & Cheese."  The portion size was good, but it was dry and some noodles still crunchy.  Cheese not quality.Also stay away from the dessert... the "strawberry shortcake" was really a slice of cake, which looked and felt like it had been left out for a week.  Spongy and disgusting.  The same goes for the zeppolis which were hard and seemed old.
4	This was my first time ordering from Napoli Pizzeria.I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. They offer pretty decent New York-style pizza, and delivered in a reasonable amount of time (about 60 minutes - that's not bad for quality pizza on a Friday night). My favorite Vegas pizza place for New York-style pizza is the often-crowded Secret Pizza at the Copsmpolitan, but this could definitely be a close second. My friends loved the Caesar Salad too. We'll definitely keep them in mind for next time.
5	5 effin stars! Looking for great pizza and beer! And did I forget to say chicken wings! Best pizza in town! Great medium wings! Fries for only a dollar! And wash it down with a blue moon.. Good times! Friendly staff and fresh food! Need more?
4	One of the best pizza places in town! Good food and they have great lunch specials.
4	Love, love love their chopped large salad with their great blue cheese dressing.  Pizzas are pretty consistent and the larger one are cut into squares like Chicago....love that.  The garlic knots are perfect not too much oil or garlic and sprinkled with cheese...nicely done.
3	I've ordered from Napoli several times when I didn't really feel like going out because it's super close to me. I've only ever ordered the gyro combo, so I can't comment on the other food. The gyro is pretty tasty, but I wish it had more meat. (That's what she said.)My biggest complaint is how long it takes to deliver the food. They routinely take 45+ mins. One time I ordered and it took so long that I forgot I placed an order until the driver showed up an hour and a half later with a little bit of an attitude.Other than that, not a bad place. Definitely room for improvement though.
5	Delicious pizza 1st and foremost. Loved the potato skins w sour cream.  Great prices. We will come eat here when in vegas. Totally worth it !
1	This place is just awful. Don't get me wrong the food is fine but every time I come here the food takes forever. Even if I order 30 minutes in advance the food is never ready and I have to end up waiting at least 30 minutes every darn time. The employees never know what's going on and more times than not they'll give you attitude. Never returning.
1	After having a bad experience last time I decided to give them another shot(due to late night delivery). I WILL NEVER GO BACK OR RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE, INCLUDING MY WORST ENEMY.  The service is terrible, it took them over two hours to bring me the food. The driver had an extremely bad attitude. I try never to leave bad reviews but this place deserves it.
5	Really awesome, authentic Italian pizza. Really bad selection of background music, however. Eat here if you don't mind cheesey 90s techno/electronica playing as you eat fresh pizza.
5	Man, I had one of their burgers last night and it was good!  This guy could open a stand alone burger joint and do pretty well!
5	Great pizza. Wonderful crust and cheese. Service is great too.  Their  pickup special is the best in the city. I have been looking for a great place for pizza and have found Napoli. Give them a try I think you will be happy you did.
1	pizza felt like it was 89% dough, like barely any sauce, cheese, toppings etc on it. wings were a little cold when they arrived at the table. got a bottled beer and bottled soda, both were stale as hell. the workers are half-wits too, no offense.
4	OK, I've been ordering regularly from Napoli for a few years now, and it's about time everyone knew about this place. Starting with the pizza...quite good, not great. Maybe a 7 out of 10, but well worth the carryout special price of $7.99 for a large 1-topping. Fed 3 generations with 3 of them last night for just a shade over $25.So why should you go here? Allow me to continue...I work in a local hospital. We have a pizzeria a block away, and we order lunch from this place, about 1.5 miles away. They have a ton of lunch specials at $7.99 (M-F 9am-3pm) that blow away anyone else's alleged specials. In particular: a hot pastrami and cheese hoagie with lots of both and dee-licious! And did I mention a ton of fries and a drink as well? Don't want a sandwich? They have 7 different HUGE salads in their specials. My favorite is the blackened chicken. I like the vinaigrette dressing with it.Now, for the best part...the WINGS! I'm from the east coast and am very particular about my chicken wings. My opinion: this is the only place in town that gets it right! Huge wings, not those little pigeon wings most places serve. My choice is the hot, and they're perfect! Best combo of fire and flavor I've had since coming out west. We split a half-bucket (20 wings), add fries for a buck, and it comes to $14.99! Best wing deal in town! Look, you wanna split a pitcher and watch 6 games at once in a crowded bar, by all means go to BW3. You want wings, you get them here!Small place, limited seating (at least at the Sahara/Decatur store), pretty much like a classic small family operation. And a correction to a previous review: they're not Russian, they're from Moldova.To sum up: GO, GO, GO!!!
5	Iv been ordering from them since 2008. They always deliver quickly, food is fresh and hot. Highly recommend
2	Expect a long wait for delivery. The alfredo was ok but way over priced. The garlic bread wasn't great. The chicken wings are huge and they were good, at a decent price during lunch. I will order some where else next time.
2	First time trying this place....ordered a sub and wings for delivery. After an hour, driver showed up with the wrong items. I'm always willing to try everything once but after never even getting to taste the food, I think I'm done. Refund process was a nightmare. I do have a bit of positive feedback...the driver called to ask if I was sure I wanted to cancel the order and offered to re-make the food and re-deliver. I appreciated the effort but didn't plan on waiting 2 hours for my food! You guys lost a customer today.
4	I'M IN LOVE WITH THEIR BBQ CHICKEN PIZZA!!! I used to call in my orders from the school I worked at down the street...now that I don't frequent the area much I have to make a trip out of it...FYI lunch is between 9am-3pm...they have some awesomely amazing lunch specials and super affordable prices! Can't go wrong with anything that has BBQ sauce on it...it's like BBQ Crack! Really it's THAT good! Hubs likes the wings lunch special...mounds of chicken wings in whatever sauce you want delicious battered fries and a soda on the side. Wish they had a location on the west side of town :(
1	I've been ordering from this pizzeria for over 2 years. They have been delivering to my job this whole time.... now all of a sudden they want to know your home address and phone number over the phone rather than seeing your drivers license when they deliver the food. I asked to speak to the manager because I do not feel comfortable giving all that information just for food and she told me "if you want the food give me your address if not then I'll cancel the order." That makes no logical sense to me why they would need my address telephone number I'm not feeling out a credit app.
4	Fast delivery. Told me it's going to take about an hour and the delivery came 30 minutes right after I hang up the phone.  Great serving amount of food. Friendly, fast, and reasonable cost. One of the few I'll recommend...
1	$18 for the Pastry Pizza that's advertised as having Nutella on it...don't waste your money. It doesn't have Nutella on it,  it has chocolate syrup and it's dry and disgusting. Also if you complain they will argue with you,  then send the delivery driver back to pick it up before they will refund you. Oh and they'll also hang up on you.
1	If there was a way to choose no stars I would. I placed an order at 7:30 received an email saying it would arrive in 30-45 minutes. So at 8:30 I was concerned and called ou to be told they have a third party ordering on there website that routed my order to this location. Mind you I live on charleston and nellis. There is a napolis 5-10 min down the road. Now I wasn't asking for any compensation but when the woman on the phone had additude and said not my problem I requested her manager who also said not my problem. He stated this was my pizza.com has problems and nothing he can do but either send the order out and wait another 20-30 min or cancel the order and have the store by me make it. I said send it then. The manager was completely rude and unhelpful. And I received $50 worth of food soggy and less than desirable. When the delivery driver got here and asked how I was I said mad and he said not my fault. I don't think I will ever order again. Which sucks cause I've been ordering from napoli's for years. Smh.
5	Love this place can't help but come here even tho I live on Durango and 95 . Best pizza for the price fore sure hands down . Carry out spcl is just 8 bucks for large one topping pizza
5	Saw my friend post a picture of a sandwich from Napoli and it looked so delicious that I had to google this place!! We drove across town because I needed to try this sandwich!! Napoli did not disappoint. We ordered the italian sub and a pizza. The pizza was really good, but the sub was out of this world. Fresh bread and great ingredients. The staff was so friendly too! We will definitely be back :)
2	Tough place to review since I went with 6 people and the results were wildly different amongst us. We went for lunch and that brings me to main positive comment which is their special: 2 giant slices with cheese or pep with a drink for $5.99. I did wait a little long for mine, but when I got it I would say it was decent. When very hot it was pretty good although greasier than many. After cooling off it wasn't really worth eating. Some of the party liked it, but overall nothing special and I have to rate it low mostly for the service. I've never been to a pizza place that took this long to serve pizza. Also, one person who came a bit later and ordered a little after us waited 35 minutes for her sandwich and when we were ready to leave she was told that it would be 10 more minutes. So, she got her money back and had someone else's leftover pizza.
4	Ordered delivery. Ordered Boneless wings fries & garlic knots. They told me one hour and I was fine with that. Was delivered in one hour. Had the wings plain and hot and spicy teriyaki onside. The spicy teriyaki buffalo and teriyaki mixed.. not a fan! The garlic knots are bomb. The wings where average. Better then pizza hut or dominos. The prices are not bad. Dislike ordering delivery but this one I didn't regret!
3	I live pretty close to this place so the pickup pizza is worth it. Delivery is insanely slow, don't bother. The pizza is solid, the wings are good, the fried ravioli should be avoided as it is prefrozen. They have a pretty awesome selection of salads though, as silly as that sounds, and their broccoli cheese soup was pretty good. All in all, good late night drunk meal, I wouldn't rave about it, but I go here fairly often so something's gotta be good lol.
4	Broccoli cheddar soup is awesome!!!! Gotta try it . It's actually white cheese instead of yellow such a great taste !:)
1	I used to love Napolis and ordered from them all the time. So far this year I have spent over $500. The last 2 times were a complete disgrace with my order. I ordered a week ago, and the food didnt come for 2 hours. The restaurant said sorry they screwed up and it could be out in 45 minutes. I asked if they could guarantee the food here by that time because it had almost been 3 hours and then couldnt guarantee anything so I canceled the order. I decided to give it another shot last night and ordered a well done pizza. The pizza was falling apart and was very sloppy. I also had tipped the delivery driver over $20. The manager refused to come get the pizza, or even replace it. I hadnt even eaten the pizza because it was that bad, I only had 1 slice. Now i feel a little queezy this morning and my stomach isnt happy with the food I put in my body last night. You cant treat customers like this or else your business will tank. I would not recommend ordering food from this place, your better off going to a fast food restaurant.
4	Great place fast delivery food is reasonably priced, there pizza and burgers are good here and very filling
2	What a disappointment.  We ordered a stromboli and antipasto and waited an hour (which is to be expected with stromboli) for what is truly a delicious meal.  When our order arrived the antipasto was just a salad, and the stromboli was completely raw.   We called the store and the girl that answered the phone was completely apologetic and assured us that the order would be corrected and sent out immediately.  We took this to mean it would be a priority order.  Instead it's been about 1/12 hrs. which was longer than the original order and the driver has not arrived.  We called the store and were given a run around. The correction to this order was clearly not a priority.  Shame on Napoli
5	Late night it was one of the only places to have wide selection of food. We tried pizza which is delicious, garlic balls, bruschetta is amazing and they have beer;)) yahooooo) Two thumbs up guys) will come back
2	So disappointing.  All I ordered was a steak salad and 12 chicken. I asked for all drumsticks which is all I eat. I got 3 drumsticks...  It took over an hour to get my food and the wings weren't even warm. The Napolis in Henderson blows this one away. I'm striking out this week!!
1	Bad place to eat!! I ordered a chicken tenders and when I got the food it was cold and I called the place and spoke to the supervisor. I told him that my order is cold and I want to return it MYSELF and get a new one. The supervisor told me that I can't return the food and he can't do nothing about it. I've work in food and beverage for a long time so i know how to debate when it comes to bad service.. Then after a long debate he finally gave up and told me that let me ask my manager.. After their conversation he offered me that he can replace my order with fresh and half one but with one condition im only giving you half of what you order.. I was really pissed!!! Paid $40+ and only got half of my order and I need to drive back to this shit hole to get my half and return my cold full order. The supervisor was Indian forgot his name. Don't eat at this place!!! Never wrote a bad review before but this is my first one!!
5	always get the 30 inch pizza with pep,mushrooms, sausage and it never disappoints. Love this pizza place . worth the long drive - worth the price- Keep it Up
5	The pizza its yumtown! Delish and if you want to throw a party they have a 30 inch pizza and it's not just big it's delicious lol you get a strong sense of a family owned business which I enjoy and it's pretty quick service. I have to admit I love the pizza here so these are totally bias words here. So just try it yourself I dare you not to like it.
4	The food is epic and i love their burgers and got sandwiches. The only thing that prevents me from a full 5 start reading is the delivery guy. It's some grumpy old dude with a chip on his shoulder. I don't say shit to em. Only time he had ever been pleasant is if you give him some high tip.
1	The 1 star is based on the service.  This is the 2nd time in 3 weeks that I have tried to call in an order and have been put on hold for over 5 minutes. I don't know if they forgot I'm on hold or what. I called back and got put right back on hold.Too bad I really liked there pizza & salads.  So long Napoli....
3	Ordered delivery it came promptly and was packaged well.My husband loved his margarita pizza (he likes any pizza so I can't really count his opinion. I love brownies and have never met a brownie I didn't like). I tried his pizza , it was good except it barely had any sauce. I ordered ziti with marinara sauce and a side of meatballs. My ziti sauce was sooooooo salty and again little sauce. Meatballs were bland and had a 2 cups of sauce. What ?!?!?!?... My garlic bread was cold and dry, I didn't taste much garlic.Sooooo I will try again but order nothing wih their sauce. I will stick to wings and fries.If I owned an Italian restaurant I would have 3 sauce types. Sweet Basil Marinara, salty-spicy bolognese, white wine Alfredo. If you don't have your Italian sauce correct than you don't have a gold medal. You've basically just happy your in the game.
5	This place should rename themselves to orgasmic pizza or something of that nature. Thanks to my scooby doo crew down the street giving me the best referral a girl could ask for, aka this pizza spot, my mouth just had the priviledge of having a series of orgasms, one after another, all over my mouth and tongue!! The funny thing is... our local friend already knew this place and had ordered from them several times for one delicious pizza after another, just didn't know the name off hand, nor had he been to their location. Wooo! Yeah! So... there was three of us to feed and I didn't want there to be a shortage of pizza and/or us to be scavenging through the cupboards of our beloved friend's house late night tonight, so I wanted to go big, real big. I ordered the extra large pizza, aka 24 inches of pure pleasure (half pesto, half italian sausage) and a greek salad for the road. The salad was anything short of toppings and the pizza was so monsterous, we had to put it in the trunk of my SUV! We barely chipped away at half of it between the three of us. Crazy! Whoa-- the pie itself was ahhhhmazing. Dough made fresh, in-house and completely soft with a touch of browned/burntness around the edges. Another yelper said epic, I will have to second that notion. EPIC PIZZA to start off an EPIC HALLOWEEN. Their pizzas here are consistantly good (based on our temporary roomates reports) and never fall short of perfect. There was no shortage of staff to help the patrons and answer the phones as well.The dining area was small and casual, with lots of eye candy to browse around and look at. In other words there was nothing fancy about it, except the orgasmic pizza and the screamin' Greek Salad! :) The staff was exceptionally nice as well!
1	If I could give less than one star I would! Ok so I ordered online for a pepperoni and spinach pizza. On top of charging an extra two dollars per topping I received a pizza with maybe 10 pepperonis and and about 8 leaves of spinach. As my son I were finished eating the pizza I noticed a black small wavy hair melted into the cheese on the top of his pizza! At that point my stomach turned and I called the place. This less than sympathetic woman and I basically give her the run down. After being on hold twice she then asks me can they make me another pizza. Which I declined because at this point I dont want us to eat anymore hair. So she said that all she can give me is a measly 5 dollar credit. I WILL NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN! BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY!
4	In our 3 day stay in Las Vegas, we went to Napoli Pizza twice.  Had the same pizza 2x's (mushroom and sausage).  First time we had the Italian salad ($9.99)...huge!  The second time we thought we'd have smaller salad so we ordered the small anti pasta salad for $6.50 - it was impressive.  I love the chilled lettuce in the salad.  We had the balsamic dressing and totally enjoyed the salad and the amazing pizza.  Highly recommend it!  They definitely get really busy with take out orders from 5pm - the pizza is great the prices are great so go figure....you may have to wait a bit, they can't help that they are so popular!
5	I use to live in Las Vegas from 08-2010 and used to come to this place all the time. I am pretty sure it's a Russian money laundering joint. I am kidding of course (maybe), but I am Russian and every time I come to this place there is people speaking Russian on the phone and I am pretty sure it's not about Pizza.Just visited the place again and nothing has changed.. Very good quality pizza for a great price (maybe a little too good?) The carryout special is a fantastic deal and the service is good as well..(maybe a little too good?). Will be coming back, for the pizza, and maybe a salad. Don't hurt my family.
1	I ordered pizza for pick up on the phone and the lady I spoke to is rude. This lady doesnt know how to talk to customers in a good manner. POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!
1	Absolutely horrible experience. Quite possibly the rudest people I've ever met. I ordered $110 of pizza to be delivered. One pizza was dairy free due to food allergies. When it was delivered 1 hour ten minutes later 1/2 of the dairy free had cheese. When I called and asked for a credit they gave me two options. 1/2 half credit for the part that was incorrect or pick up the pizza and replace it in 30+ minutes. I asked for the manager and he was verbally abusive.  Did not acknowledge their mistake or the fact that they jeopardized my health with bad product. 15 minutes later the driver appeared to pick up the pizza saying they would replace it but I'd still be charged for the pizza.  Unbelievable. The other pizzas were wet and soggy. Extremely poor service and lousy product. Avoid this place. I called my credit card company and disputed the charges. I'm not paying for crappy food and abusive staff.
4	Didnt have the pizza but it looked incredible.  The Italian wedding soup was off the chain. Try the parmesan garlic chick wings, pretty good and great service.
5	The first time having there pizza was so delicious. I couldn't say anything bad about there service or food. If you're looking for wide variety of yummy food come here. They serve more than one special. And late night deliver was a plus!
4	I have been sick for days and desperate for some yummy pizza. Napoli claims this is where pizza was invented. Pizza from Napoli is thin with a this crust. Mine was a typical NY style pizza - thick outer crust, and a soggy thin crust. The fresh basil was a plus, but overall the pizza was ok. The Tiramasu was delicious and the cannoli was good too.  If I was in a pizza craving bind I may order from here again but would kindly ask them so to make sure the crust was thin, like they serve in Napoli.
