5	Though a little more expensive than most Chinese buffets, this place is worth it.  The service is always great, and the selection and quality of food is amazing.  They have traditional Chinese dishes and some tamer fare as well.  Great selection of sushi too.
3	Ahhh buffets... pretty good I guess if you want to gorge yourself.  I wasn't totally in a buffet mood when I went, so needless to say I got a little grossed out by the aggressive behaviour going down around the steamed crab leg tray.  We went on a Sunday night, and it was swarmed with people, so they have got to be doing something right!  Tin Tin has a wide variety of chinese dishes, steamed crab legs and oysters, lots of shrimp, a sushi buffet, and the classic kiddy table with some french fries and mac and cheese, and an ice cream machine - which scores BIG points with me.  All that being said, I felt like everything I ate (except the ice cream) had a slick of oil over it.  The sushi table had some decent looking stuff on it, but I didn't dig in. Will only return when I'm famished.
5	I live in San Francisco and I think this is the best Asian buffet I've been to. The food here was really good, service was friendly, and so much to choose from. What pleases me most is that my tummy feels fine afterwards. I like the noodle soups they have, egg rolls and crab legs. The tapioca dessert was good and sushi was pretty decent. I was very impressed when I dined here the 1st time and liked it equally the 2nd and 3rd times. They do a good job handling large groups. Can't wait to go here again when I'm visiting relatives in Charlotte. My whole family thinks it's better than the buffets they frequent in San Jose, CA...I don't dine at buffets a lot but would if more were like Tin Tin!
5	I used to live in Los Angeles, CA and they have alot of delicious Asian restaurant. I have noticed that in North Carolina there are many Chinese/ Asian buffet, but this restaurant was the first one I found with whole lot of quality foods. The dinner and lunch menu are great and on the weekends they get really busy. Also the service is alot better than the ones that I have experienced in North Carolina. If you have the hots for Asian food Chinese, Korean, Japanese food I give the two thumbs up for this place! If you have tasted good Asian food from other states, if you are in North Carolina this is one recommendable place for a bite.
5	this place is awesome. they have all kinds of stuff that is actually good: ham hocks, escargot, steamed fish, pho, and steamed buns. the sushi isn't crazy good, but is okay especially for a buffet. the crab legs and oysters are very fresh too. the wait is pretty long, but always worth it. i mean it's a buffet, so it's okay to go in extra hungry!
4	I am from Boston and recently moved to South Carolina.  This is my second taste of Chinese food in The South.  I would definitely say this place is worth trying.  The sushi is fresh and tastes about as good as the kind that you would find in a supermarket (Shaws for those from the Boston area).  The hot & sour soup was very good and the choice of quality entree items was immense.  They have everything from smiley face french fries to frog legs.  I will definitely be making more trips to this place.  Please note that dinner is 2x as much as lunch and starts at 4:30pm.
5	Tin TIn is one of the best buffets I've ever been to, and it's some of the most exciting, authentic, and delicious Chinese food I've ever had. The place makes me wish I had two stomachs, as I'm never able to eat as much as I'd like.The steamed peach buns are amazing, and the fresh sushi bar is excellent. There's all kinds of weird meats and seafood for the adventurous carnivores, and there's lots of veggie options including both the Chinese buffet standards (lo mein, spring rolls, etc.) and exotic oddities. The Thai stuffed tofu is excellent, and I've heard from those who partake that the crab legs are very fresh and yummy. There are always little bowls on the tables for collecting the cast off shells of the crabs. I get a little freaked out by the scene of crab-leg eating, but I try not to let that distract me from the Chinese foodfest.It's a little off the beaten path, but it's worth the trip. I recommend going on a weekday, as the weekends can get a little chaotic (and, it's also a little cheaper during the week).
4	If you love Chinese food and buffets then this is the place for you. It can get pricey but you definitely get a lot of bang for you buck! And your not limited to Chinese, they have Sushi, as well and some American favorites for the kids. This is the place that I love going to time and time again. My thing is loading up on Crab legs and going to town.Definitely a place everyone should experience.
4	One of the biggest, cleanest Chinese buffet restaurants I've been to. There are crab legs which I like to pile up on first when I go for dinner. Also other unique things such as snail, frog legs, duck, sushi, and other American foods as well like chicken nuggets and fries. There is much more than what I've listed here though. Definitely worth the money if you have a bottomless pit for a stomach.
4	We went for lunch today and it was quite good. Lots more of a selection than I am used to, and much more authentic-looking than a typical Chinese buffet; they had everything from duck and fresh noodles to your typical american fare like french fries.Lunch was $8.95 plus $1.45 for a drink, so I think it's a good value. Dinner was, I think, about $16 on weekdays, and a dollar or two more on weekends/holidays.I would've rated it 5 stars, but some of the food seemed like it was out a little too long (maybe because it's a Wednesday and I went around 2pm when lunch stops at 3). Some of the food just didn't taste right because it had kind of dried out sitting on the buffet.All-in-all, highly recommended if you are looking for a nice buffet.
2	Chinese buffets are my guilty pleasure, but there are so many awful ones    that I only try those with great reviews - like Tin Tun. And I have to say I have no clue what's behind these 4 star reviews unless people are confusing quantity with quality. This place has that - big selection. And that's about it.  Well, its clean too. I'm sure I didn't get this place at its best as it was 2:00 PM and they were refilling dishes only randomly, and preparing to close at 3:00.Most of the food was remarkably tasteless. Sushi rolls (freshly made it seemed) were tasteless. Even the spicy tuna roll which was hardly distinguishable from a snapper roll or a plain tune roll. Spring rolls - tasteless. Most of the dumplings - tasteless. Some of the entree's were OK. Salmon in black bean was actually pretty good, as was the General Tso's. There was some sort of spicy chicken that was good too. The noodles - Singapore and Lo Mein - weren't terrible but fairly bland. Maybe dinner time is better - the sushi chef was making some interesting looking things that were for the dinner buffet. And presumably crab legs, oysters, etc. are at dinner only because they weren't there at lunch. And there's enough variety that you could certainly piece together a decent meal but you'd have to try quite a bit of tasteless stuff in the process. Wasn't expecting magnificence, and was still pretty disappointed.
2	"Oh my god,  this place is huge." "Dude! They'll totally have veggie stuff. They have like, a million things.".....5 minutes and a plate full of white rice, french fries, futo maki and the two pieces of Thai Stuffed Tofu that were out on the buffet later... we were feeling a little sad. And a little ripped off.I don't write a lot of these cranky vegetarian reviews -- I understand that there are places you just shouldn't expect cowtowing to the non-normal-no-animal-products crowd. Tin Tin, however, has so much potential... and it would be so easy... that I gotta whine. Lo mein and fried rice. So simple and tasty. Here, there were several (8?) options - shrimp fried, pork fried, beef lo mein, etc. If even one of the noodle dishes here was veg friendly, I would have been stoked. But no. Sushi. There was a large, impressive selection... but there weren't even avocado/cuke rolls. One plate of Futo Maki (wrapped in that new fangled dyed soy sheet crap rather than seaweed, ack) was all that was to be seen.Soup. Negative. Even the hot n sour claimed to have pork in it, but I ate some anyway after fishing thru the vat for 5 minutes and seeing nada. This was the only other dish in the entire buffet (other than the stuffed Tofu previously mentioned) that contained tofu.The sauteed Bok and Lok Choy were delicious, and I ended up stuffing my face with mostly them-- slightly salty, just a hint of garlic, still crisp at center.  Green beans were overdone.So please, Tin Tin gods... all you gotta do is stick veggie fried rice, Garlic Tofu or something, and maybe an interesting, veg soup out there... and you've got me. For lunch anyway. Dinner prices (at $16.99) are a little out of my crab-legs-less range.
3	Food is good and they have an abundance.  A little pricey though.
4	Probably the best Chinese buffet in the Charlotte area, but that's not saying much. This place is almost always packed, so expect a long wait - more than an hour at peak times.Very large restaurant with a lot of seating, look out for the hidden stairs that seem to be everywhere. I'm not sure why they decided to add that little complication, but they did. Really handy when you're carrying a plate of food and a bowl of soup.Sushi, always my first stop, was fresh. One area of rolls and another of fish, it was being made right there and there was plenty of it. Eel, salmon, tuna, plus sashimi in some sort of sauce. Not a very wide variety, I'm afraid. The holder with hand rolls only had one eel the whole time I was there.There's a soup bar (I think that's what it was) where you can have the chef add your stuff to it and he cooks it up right there. There's also a grill nearby which is turning out fresh dumplings and grilled tofu and some other stuff.The steam tables were always stocked and not just with the Americanized Chinese food. There were quite a few more authentic options, including some strange looking cuts of beef and chicken that I've not seen elsewhere in Charlotte. And the usual Pork Lo Mein, Fried Rice, and the Crawfish that everyone seems to like (though I don't!). Of course, french fries and fried potatoes and cheese sticks and even tacos!Lots of wait staff, so drinks are always refilled and dirty plates are picked up quickly.Would I come here again? Maybe on the weekend when I am willing to wait. The non-crab legs hours seem to be a lot less expensive.
5	Tin Tin already has 17 reviews and I am usually one for trying to steer from writing a review of the places I have been while also agreeing with the majority of reviews. Meaning, Tin Tin is already well known and very exposed with good press.Not to mention I'm not a fan of buffets in general but a Chinese buffet with this much variety *unless you're a veggie head ;) was an exception for me. Plus after my last Chinese review I thought I would chime in. We have never had to wait on our visits during dinner hours but it is always busy. For the price I think it is well worth it. Crab Legs, peel and eat Shrimp, Oysters, Mussels. Sounds more like a seafood buffet right? What? YOU EAT OYSTERS FROM A BUFFET? Yep! And as many as I want! We probably have sampled it all -oink oink- (not in one visit) and it is all really tasty. Like Bill F- I gotta agree - their fried dumplings or pork filled stickers are always hot and fresh and perfect. And the dipping sauce is great! These are always a first plate for me!I love string beans from a Chinese restaurant and I am the one you are waiting in line behind while I pick them out one by one of the chaffing dish because I only want the string beans from that certain dish. Please except my apology. While I did say I was not a fan of buffets in general, for instance, I believe the words Italian and buffet should never be used together *sacrilege* I would also make an exception for a dessert buffet :) and ironically, Tin Tin offers a few desserts on their buffet  BUT I can do with out all of them. Isn't ironic, don'tcha think? alittle tooooooo ironic...sing it! Well, I always have room for their ice cream and a fortune cookie.Bottom line, I have tried a number of Chinese restaurants here in Charlotte but not many Chinese Buffets  so take my five star review for what you will.
4	Everytime I drive past Charlotte, NC, I'm tempted to stop here.MAIN REASON:  The All You Can Eat is sooo worth it b/c the snow crab legs are medium-sized, fresh and almost never empty!  It's worth the detour and the price.Wish there was a Tin Tin in Atlanta.
2	I can think of three better buffet place then Tin Tin right off the bat! My parents love Tin Tin for the crab legs so we always end up going here when we're doing a family outing.Today was Father's Day so we went there since it was my dad's choice. Going there reminded me there's nothing I like about Tin Tin except for their interior design of the place.Everything at Tin Tin is way too salty! I think this is probably their secret method to get you full quick with all that salt intake. They have a lot of variety, but nothing that stands out. All I taste is salt! Their sesame chicken taste like they put way too much pineapple juice in there. Butter shrimp is way too salty. I love lo mein and their lo mein today was just basically noodles and grease. No flavor beyond that whatsoever!They do not have a good sushi variety either. Fruits are never fresh, ice cream is blah... and way overprice!**PS, I'm not sterotyping, but I am Asian and I know what good asian food taste like. So my reviews are very honest in terms of quality and taste of food. ** :)
4	Me and my girlfriend went here around 5:30 after work, and I wasn't sure what to expect judging from the outside but when we got inside I was surprised. it took about 5 min to get a seat and then it was just a matter of trying to make up my mind, sushi, crab legs, the buffet, salad ??? i loved the selection and everything was as fresh as a big  buffet can offer, and when you get done, loosen the old belt cause here comes baby with dessert, I didn't think i would be able to drive home, but we made it and I will be back for sure, LOVED IT!!!
5	2 things.1. dim sum2. beef chow fun.nuff said.greenville to charlotte is only 1.5 hour drive. any time we have family or friends flying for a visit, we make it a priority for them to land at clt for 2 reasons. 1. jamba juice @ the airport, and 2. tin tin's.it really is middle of nowhere. but it is somewhat close to the south park mall.the food is really good. everything is really good. i wish they had larger selection of sushi/rolls, but their dim sums and beef chow funs really make up for it.their service is friendly, it can get crowded so get there early. bathroom is clean (which is a must), and though i've never been to their dinner, my family said it's worth it.im getting hungry just thinking about it. yum-O
4	Amazing selection of food and a decent selection of some more traditional Asian dishes for the adventurous American eater. Their sushi is bland and their quality can vary wildly, but their selection and quality of buffet food at good turnaround times makes up for it. Overall my experiences have been positive for the price.
4	Coming from the bay area, home to numerous sources of amazing Chinese food (even amazing pan-Asian buffet food, which is almost an oxymoron), I don't expect to be finding much in the way of Chinese food where there are relatively few Chinese. When you're this far from home, the taste buds develop their sea legs, and you start to be able to nod intelligently when people argue about the best ways to cook a pig. But for a taste of home, the heart wants what it wants. Lucky us, a local fan recommended Tin Tin.We came, we saw, we ate. Some things rocked, like the kid-approved gyoza-like potstickers, black bean spareribs, and the custom-made noodle soups. I loved the Chinese-style fried chicken, reminiscent of many a Chinatown quick eat. Some things were not so great, like the oversteamed dim sum, soggy salad bar, and tired dessert counter. But it was a great spread and value. Kids under 10 eat at such an amazing price, too. I'll be back.
4	I'm not big on buffets because they tend to only have 3 or 4 items that i actually like but this has to be one of the best buffets I've been to in a long time. they have a large selection and the food is fresh. the customer service is also good, at the time I was pregnant so idk if the manager was being nice because of that or if he was truly nice but they treated us very well. i went for their lunch special which to my surprise had just as much as they have at night. i also liked the fact that the food was not over seasoned, dry or salty. I left full and happy. I would take friends and family here because its not expensive and there is something for everyone to eat. I've been to some Asian buffets and not been happy, i can honestly say I was a satisfied customer when i left.One other thing I liked is the fact that they don't reheat or reuse food (or at least it seemed that way) and i say this because when lunch was over they let the employees have at what was left instead of throwing it away or trying to save it for dinner. Plus its nice that an employer cares enough about their employees to give them free lunch. I've worked in a restaurant before and we had to pay for everything. Happy employees means happy customers:)
3	If you have a monsterous, craving hunger for:1. Crab legs2. Generic sushi3. Limited dim sum4. Usual Americanized Chinese food fare... Congrats my friend, for you have hit the jack pot. I went here a little while ago with a few friends, who insisted that this was not just a place to gorge yourself, but to find a little bit of everything, and they were right. The crab legs are plentiful and fresh, so get ready to have a crackin' good time. The dim sum was pretty good, but nothing spectacular, and a lot of the things I love about dim sum were missing. Also, the chicken feet looked sketch. Most people would say well yeah, they're chicken feet, and I agree, but I happen to love chicken feet. I have eaten them many different places. This was not one of them. When I was told they would have a wide sushi array, I was excited... only to be let down a bit. Yes there was indeed a spread, but it housed your typical California rolls, tempura rolls, Philly rolls (blech), dragon rolls... not a single piece of nigiri in the house. They did have some tuna sashimi, but it was floating in a vat of chili mayo. Luckily I also liked chili mayo, so I did have a portion. However I would have liked the option to have without, and it made me wonder why they chose to mask the smell and color of their only sashimi selection.I can see why people would like this place, and the food that I did have was good, which is why this place is getting three stars. However, if you are into something a little more specialized (which is not what you get at a buffet I realize, also why posting the three stars), then you are not going to be as hyped as your friends about this place.
3	I decided to try Tin Tin because if you want authentic Chinese go where those of Asian descent go.  I went on a Saturday afternoon taking a break from Christmas shopping. Just like most Chinese buffets I have been to there were the standard Americanized dishes.  But there were also some more authentic dishes (please don't take my word for this as I am a middle aged fat white man who probably doesn't know what authentic Chinese dishes are).  Tin Tin had sushi, not a fan, so I didn't try it, so I can't rate it.  A grill, with chicken satay and other grilled offerings. A noodle soup station which unfortunately I didn't try.  About 25% of the dishes were seafood including shrimp, mussels, and fish.  The also had traditional American fare such as chicken nuggets and french fries.  I can't speak to the authenticity of the dishes, but those I tried were hot and very good, which for a buffet is an important thing to me.  The service was very good, clearing the empty dishes and keeping my glass full.  The price was a little higher than most buffets, but Tin Tin has a lot more to offer than most other Chinese buffets.  If you like Americanized Chinese dishes, then Tin Tin might not be for you.  If you are adventurous and like to try new things, then definitely give Tin Tin a try.
4	I like this place. The wait may be long at times but my family and I think it's worth it! They have a great variety and they're clean. The wait staff is not always as friendly but It's buffet! Live 2.5 hours away but when we go to charlotte we usually always make a stop here!
4	My son and I went here today and it was pretty good.  However, we were a little disappointed that they didn't have any crab legs.  We actually wanted to go to Joe's Crab Shack but realized when we got there that they had closed down.  :)  Not sure when that happened, but we were sure looking forward to some crab legs.  Oh well...the buffet was good too....just really wanted some crab!!
4	This is one of the best Chinese buffets I have ever eaten at. There may be room for improvement, however the food is very fresh, and the crab legs are quite good. The variety is the largest I have seen when you take into account the three chefs preparing noodles, soups, and meat right before your eyes. When I go to Chinese buffets I usually try the same items such as sesame chicken, and crab ragoons. These items were far and away better than what I have found at other buffets. The buffet is a bit pricey for dinner at $20 for one adult, however you get what you pay for and I will certainly be back.
2	Fellow Yelper Elisa S. and I were undecided where to go to lunch today, so we figured why not try Tin Tin - seemed like they had a little bit of everything! So away we went and what we got wasn't so Tip Top.The good was that there's alot of room in there so the large lunch crowd didn't feel too stuffy in with us. The staff is friendly and quick. The sweet and sour chicken was really good, along with the beef and bean sprouts and the Thai Chicken (by far, the best dish!).The bad was more plentiful - spring and egg rolls that contained nothing other than tasteless cabbage, no crab ragoons (my fave!), no tofu offerings (sad), a variety of heavily ethnic things which I couldn't bring myself to smell (chicken feet OMG), and a sad excuse for a sushi bar (the spicy tuna roll looked more like pimento cheese and rice).We won't be returning - I think Dragon Buffet near 485/S Tryon still reigns as the best chinese buffet in town!
5	Tin Tin is definitely the most authentic Chinese buffet I've been to.  There is very limited American Chinese dishes so if you're looking for an authentic buffet place, this is the restaurant to check out!There is all-you-can-eat crab legs, clams, mussels, made-to-order noodle soup, sushi, and a few dim sum dishes (just to name a few).  Not to mention their wide selection of fruits and desserts. I always eat more than my stomach can hold but I always make sure I leave a little room for dessert. We always bring our family friends here who live in larger cities and they always complement on how good the place is!  The weekends and holidays are always packed so if you choose to come during these times, expect to wait for a table!
4	I am not a big fan of buffets myself but we go to tin tin on a regular basis specifically for the crab legs. The great thing about tin tin is that they realize that people go there just for the crab and they keep two hotel pans full of crab at all times. Most other buffet's that have crab legs really slack on getting them out. Needless to say tin tin is worth the cost. Some of there other items on the buffet are pretty good as well. they always have an array of decent sushi, roasted duck, oysters on the half shell, coctail shrimp, crawfish, mussells as well as all your regular chinese buffet items.
2	This place is alright. Their sushi is my favorite, as I haven't been to any other buffet in town that has comparable stuff. The food isn't that amazing though, I guess I've just gotten tired of the same thing over and over since I've gone. I wish they would add some new items on now that they've been in business for such a long time. The one thing I did not like was the fact that all the employees came out and started eating within 5 minutes of me being there, I guess I'll have to try and go earlier next time?
3	Hit up Tin Tin yesterday for lunch while working in the area. It wasn't bad at all....for a buffet.I'm usually not a big buffet fan, just for fresh food reasons, but everything here was pretty good. They have a hot grill station cooking all the time, as well as a sushi station. I did not try the sushi (way too scared to eat buffet sushi), but many others were eating it. The big draw here seemed to be crayfish, which I would not expect at a Chinese buffet. But most people had a big bowl for the shells, and were going at those things like they were about to become extinct.The egg rolls were not that great, just nasty cabbage, nothing else. The sesame chicken was a little too sweet for my taste. But hey, its a buffet, I was not expecting gourmet food.Would love to come back and try more, as there was a lot to choose from.
4	The crablegs are great.. The atmosphere is goodBathrooms could be bigger with more stalls and upgrade the televisions to the 21st century The sushi is good fresh ...The price Is good as well  I will be back
3	This is only a value at dinner if you plan to eat your face off with their delicacies: oysters, snow crab legs, crawfish, and more snow crab legs.  Otherwise, the $20 dinner price doesn't cut it for me.  I didn't venture for any sushi, but they did have some sashimi.  They had some unique dishes (from an American perspective), but then the only lo mein I found was shrimp?  Everything we ate was pretty good (we even went for it with the snow crab legs, but I think they're too much work!) and they have soft serve ice cream to finish it off.  Prompt service with clearing plates and refilling my tea, which I appreciate.  Maybe I would feel it's more of a value at lunch, but without an interest in their most popular items, I wouldn't be back for dinner (especially with a 30 minute was despite MAJOR rain downpour).
4	Just joined a great partner at TIN TIN for buffet.  Nice 15 minute trip from downtown Charlotte to the south side.  Great welcome at the door....fast seating....and quickly took the tour of the massive buffet.  Without the tour....I may have missed the dessert bar tucked away near the back corner.First Plate....appetizers, salad and sushi,, tofu.....all good stuff....all very fresh and tasty.Second Plate...seafood, spring rolls, onion rings, shrimp lo mein, butter shrimp, mussels, clams and a chicken wing......oh so good....and not feeling full yet!  Third Plate...Satay chicken, mushrooms and tofu, sweet and sour chicken, peel and eat shrimp, walked past the chicken feet...added some eggrolls...and some delicious red chili paste!!  OK....I have a big appetite!Fourth Plate.....my Veggie plate....with fried rice, green beans, bok choi and wondering...who the heck is gonna drive me back to work???  OK finished it all....and had a nice dumpling to top it off.  Now....back to that dessert bar....OK....plenty of desserts....but I can only eat so much more..... how about a coconut macaroon, a butter cookie complete with almond...and this sesame coated ball filled with gooey sweet stuff.  Alright....ate that...drank my very sweet tea...and called it a day!  Did the waitress just ask me if I needed a NAP????  Thank you partner.....what a treat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    zzzzzzzzzzzzz!
3	I have a love hate relationship with Tin Tin. Every time I come home to visit my parents in Charlotte, they wanna come here. My dad loves his buffets so I always get suckered into it. It always seem like a good idea at the time but I always leave wishing I never came!For those of you that have been to Minado(the king of all seafood buffets) this is a cheap imitation.  Sure they have oysters and snow crab legs and clams and sushi, butthe quality is not the same. The oysters I wouldnt touch with a ten foot pole because it looks slimy and yucky. The sushi/sashimi all look like it was defrosted and I can't get myself to eat thawed out raw fish. I also skip all the hot food because its all generic american-chinese sesame chicken kinda food. The only saving graces are the crab legs which are decent and fresh, simply boiled. The pecking duck which they carve for you on the spit and put on a white bun with cucumber, housing and scallions. And the noodle soups they make to order. (I like the spicy broth)People seem to love this place tho because there is usually a wait in weekends. You also have to be hyperagressive with getting the crab legs. But I'm not down with elbowing my way to the steam table to get my grub on.
1	Will not accept post surgery discount card, after lap band surgery they wanted me to pay full price $17.00 for the buffet ever though I could only eat a small bowl of soup!!  Every other restaurant in Charlotte accepts this medically issued card to allow patients to order from childs menu and pay a reduced price since such small portions are eaten.....but NO not these guys!!!  Ok by me , the food at Taipei South is much better, the people are nicer and prices are VERY REASONABLE!  Check them out, they are just around the corner from Tin- Tin.
5	In terms of finding an authentic Chinese buffet, Tin Tin is the place! This is definitely not your typical Chinese buffet, they have dishes that you would find at Dim Sum like chicken feet, sticky rice  steamed in lotus leaves, chow fun, etc...they also have a great soup bar. The only down side is their mediocre sushi. Your not going to like Tin Tin if your looking for the typical chineses buffet.
4	Whenever I'm home for the holidays, I can always look forward to my reacquaintance with Tin Tin.  I typically go on a weekday for lunch, when the price tag at $8.95 is much more palatable than the roughly doubled dinner price.  All in all, Tin Tin is a great rendition of the ubiquitous chinese buffet.  As a big fan of sushi, my go-to chinese buffet has to have a respectable offering.  If you're a sushi snob, you're not gonna be overwhelmed, but you'll usually do a lot worse elsewhere.  At the very least, you can count on a good selection beyond the boring staples of california and philadelphia rolls, with about 6 different nigiri presentations including eel, snapper and salmon, another half-dozen rolled forms with many of the same fish, and a bonus offering of spicy salmon sashimi and eel hand rolls (usually, although offerings may vary day-to-day).  My favorite hot item is probably the thick rice noodles (pad kee mao type), which may not satisfy a thai craving, but is yummy nonetheless.  My biggest complaint is that this is one of the few items Tin Tin seems to rotate out, usually for singaporean noodles which I find to be incredibly "meh".  That and the fact that the dessert leaves a lot to be desired are the reasons I took off a star.Otherwise, I also enjoy the butter shrimp with a salty fried exterior, the thai chicken with a yummy mix of sweet and spiciness, pork dumplings, and cream cheese puffs.  The sesame chicken will kick you in the teeth with an almost cloying amount of sweetness, but I generally mix in a couple pieces to complement a milder accompaniment, like fried rice or lo mein.  Try a piece of everything and find something you like, cause Tin Tin does not lack for selection.  If you've never been a fan of the chinese buffet, this place will probably not make you a convert, but otherwise I recommend giving it a go during lunch time and hoping they've got those rice noodles.
5	Crab legs are the best! For a buffet this is high quality! Coming from California where buffets are everywhere this was truely delicious. I tried just about everything but fell in love with the crab very fresh and perfect! Can't wait to try this again!
5	one of the best chinese buffet ever.  not a humongous selection, but a variety of quality food. sushi, noodle soups, tropical fruits, crab legs, etc.  a must go to place when we are in town.
3	this is a monumental review, because i don't do chinese. AND i especially don't do chinese buffets. i used to work at one in my college years, and it grossed me out what people did at the buffet lines and all the ultra-fried foods they preferred to eat vs. the fresher and more authentic chinese delicacies. and although i am asian, chinese is my least favorite ethnic cuisine to eat. so when i said i wanted to eat chinese one day, i think my husband thought i was a different person. randomly, we drove by tin tin when i said i wanted this and decided to try it. when we walked in, i was pleasantly surprised by how many actual chinese people were in the place. to me, that is a good sign. when the people who could make this food at home are at a restaurant, there must be something to it--right? well, what was great about this place was that it was huge. there was the typical, fried items that most westerners know of chinese food. then, there were some things like chicken feet and steamed buns and some of the gelatinous goo (congee? no disrespect. i just have texture issues) that chinese people like. anyway, the price is great. there is a lot of variety (stir fry, fresh-made soups, sushi, salads, fried foods, desserts, seafood, steamed food) and actually some good stuff considering it's a buffet (in my opinion). we've already been here 2x in the span of knowing about it only in the past month. we don't want to go there too often, because we don't want to end up in the obese stats. so if you happen to be in south charlotte and have a hankering for it, check it out. oh yeah...they close their lunch buffet around 3, i think. so don't go thinking you can eat a late lunch or an early dinner.
1	So you know by the amount of stars that I already don't like this place.  I will do my best to be kind and ignore the not-so-important points like this place looks like a strip club at night.  It was in fact, on my own accord that I walked in here - so I have no one to blame but myself.  But in all fairness I'd like to throw a quick middle finger to those yelpers to added to the average 4 stars this place has received.  That is false advertising people!  You are supposed to help a sister out, not walk her into the lions den.  So I walked into Tin-Tin, all glitz and glamour, it looked pretty good!  Not to mention there were a lot of butts in the seats - so how bad could this place really be?!  I was hungry and really looking for a solid Chinese buffet that I could gorge myself on.  We sat down and the waitress took our drink order.  We then walked over to the buffet, looked around and made our selections.  I started with a few small portions so I could try everything.  The pork dumpling was so foul that I literally spit it out into a napkin!  I was embarrassed, but the thought of swallowing it was more horrifying.  The green beans were SOAKED in a thick garlic sauce, the sesame chicken was chewy - and not in a good way... not to mention the sauce looked like gold jello.  The lomein was tasteless.  The only thing I did like was the sesame bean ball -- which is hard to mess up! After our first plate we were so unimpressed that we decided to do fruit/dessert and get on our way.  The fruit was mostly hard and I'm fairly certain their frozen yogurt is just flavored ice.The waitress comes over and hands us our bill.  $23 dollars a person?!  WHAT!?  Not only was this meal disgusting, robbing me of any satisfaction.... now it's robbing my wallet too!    It was at this point we looked up and realized everyone was hoarding crab legs and oysters.  OH.  Wish someone would have let us know that the ONLY reason people came here was for the seafood.... I just wanted a good old fashion Chinese buffet to get full on... is that too much to ask?  As a last ditch effort I tried a crab leg and a clam.  The clam tasted like they marinated it in wet cat food and the crab was nothing to write  home about.I do NOT recommend this place to anyone, friend or foe.
3	Probably one of the best buffet places in town as far as variety and authenticity goes. This place is always packed full with Asians during meal times- good sign!  I know my family frequents this place quite a lot due to their reasonable prices.All the food is fairly mediocre across the board.  Nothing really sweeps me off my feet (unless you're talking about Peking duck days).  The sushi is a conglomerate mess of rice and imitation crab meat and the other dishes have evidently been soaked in grease before being displayed.  Finally, their noodle soups, made to order, are excellent and fresh.All-in-all, fair price and good variety!
4	Finally, a buffet worth a darn in Charlotte! Having recently moved from Las Vegas, we know a thing or two about buffets, and Charlotte is certainly lacking in this department. However, Tin Tin is a pretty good one, albeit a little pricey (cost us $32 with tip and 2 soft drinks for LUNCH). But, they did have a fresh food station, where they cook up some tasty meats, soups and sushi. They had your standards like sesame chicken, lo mein, etc. They obviously cater to the Asian crowd as they had many seafood items that you normally wouldn't see (crawfish, whole fish with scales, etc.). And there were plenty of Asian customers in there, which usually is a GOOD thing as they normally wouldn't patronize a sub-par place.And the food indeed was tasty, decent quality and a nice variety.I imagine that the dinner for 2 would be in the $50 range, which again, especially for Charlotte, is pretty pricey. But I think lunch certainly is worth it. Just bring your appetite and you'll get your money's worth.
3	Pork chops, curry soup, are tasty Lo Mai Gai is good but has no lap cheungDofu pi juan is vegetarian
1	Disgusting and dirty!  Don't go!!!
1	People, your positive reviews are killing me. Because clearly Tin Tin is a slop house. Don't bother selling me the mile-long buffet options, because if the most appetizing thing you can find is jello cubes, then you're not selling me anything but a smoke-and-mirrors game.I'd eaten here before, a few years back. I was getting some car work done at the nearby Griffin Brothers shop (another place to avoid; another review for another time), and had some time to kill while the grease monkeys were pretending to know how to do a 37-point inspection. I'd heard about how awesome Tin Tin's buffet was, so I gave it a whirl. Bad choice. Pretty sub-standard far, as far as I was concerned. The sesame chicken is drowned in some kind of gooey mystery sauce. Their noodles were criminally salty. As for the sushi...I think I've seen better sushi at a Hardee's. And Hardee's doesn't make sushi. Honestly, I sampled nothing worth a damn here. Yuck. Never again will I step foot in here.So fast forward about 5 years later. I'm working relatively nearby, and I had a rare opportunity to take a long (read: more than 30 minutes) lunch. One of my colleagues kept saying how much he loves dining at Tin Tin. He told me it had gotten better since I last ate here. But I was jonesing for some Chinese, but didn't feel like going to Wan Fu, since I'd been eating there a lot lately, and I didn't want to get burned out.I should have trusted my instincts. Tin Tin was WORSE than ever. I was there less than 15 minutes, no joke.Also, wanna irk the shit out of me, hostess? When I ask to be seated somewhere that doesn't feel as if I'm being exiled to the back of the restaurant for some culinary crime I committed in the past, don't roll your eyes at me. That should have been my cue to get the hell out of there. Stupid me for not listening to my instincts...again.Tin Tin shouldn't ever be recommended to anyone by anyone, unless you clearly despise that person and wish all kinds of evil upon them. And even then, recommending Tin Tin would be the worst kind of cruel and unusual punishment.What a dump.
2	For $19.95, I would not come back again. Very unusual selection, this includes chicken feet, pig hocks, beef tendon, age egg congee and brick size water boil tofu.  Many items in the buffet bar are items you would find in a Chinese dim sum restaurant, but all are either dry up or been steam so long that they become tasteless.  The most popular item would be the steam/water boil snow crab legs, but too bad, I'm not a big fan of them.
4	If you love crab legs this is the place to go, only reason I gave 4 stars is because of the beverage price for a soft drink it's almost $6.00 but overall great place.
4	Try the duck. It's delicious.
1	If you want to keep your food in your stomach don't eat here
3	It's a bit more expensive than some other competing Chinese buffets, but still a hella lot cheaper than anything I can get in New York, so I have no issues.  There's a decent selection and they at least have some sushi and korean food options.  I also like that they have a station to make your own soup with whatever you want in it.  Other than that, everything else is run-of-the-mill chinese food.  I wish they would turn over the fish dishes a little more often so they wouldn't be so overcooked, but it's still edible.I could tell that they were itching for me and my family to hurry up so they could turn the table over, but I didn't see anyone waiting and there were plenty of other open tables, so I didn't mind taking my time to get my money's worth.I'd go back if I had to, but wouldn't necessarily go out of my way.
1	Disgusting and over priced. I should've known when I walked in and saw how dirty the floors were. Don't waste your money!
1	Yuck! Cold food
4	I was shocked to see so many negative reviews about Tin Tin recently! I enjoyed my visit there yesterday just as I always do. The key about this buffet is to stick with the "Big Ticket" items such as: the crab legs (so good!), the peel and eat shrimp, the  steamed crawfish, the epic steamed buns, and oh so good peking duck! If you are going to spend $22 for a dinner buffet why would you even touch the almost always generic americanized chinese food?? Get your moneys worth and stick to the "Big Ticket" items! No matter what time you arrive be prepared to wait at least 20 - 30 mintues. The crab legs and other highly sought after items are only offered at the dinner service.
4	A friend of ours introduced us to Tin Tin last summer and we've been a few times (most recently yesterday). We were appropriately prepped about the long lines and have only been to Tin Tin on weekends for dinner right as it opens. And other than Rusan's I haven't been to any other buffets in Charlotte, so I don't have much to compare it to. The selections are pretty standard Chinese buffet selections. Standard soups, fried rice, various chicken and beef dishes, and some seafood. We usually come here for the snow crab legs and the blue crabs, and the shrimp. Unfortunately they didn't have blue crabs yesterday, but the previous other times that we went, they had them and we liked them. The oysters were a bit disappointing yesterday, but in the past they've been alright. The service is alright. Some servers were more attentive than others. Some would clear our plates a little earlier than they probably should have, but that's not a big deal to me. I did notice that their sushi is pretty good, and they have various steamed buns, peking duck, made to order noodle soups, and even have ventured into a couple more "fusiony" dishes. I did get to sample a little of that, and they did not disappoint. Overall we're pretty satisfied with Tin Tin. Again, we're not big on buffets in general, but when we're in the mood for crab legs and shrimp this is our place. And it's great because the standard buffet selections look pretty good too. Variety is good. I'd recommend it here.
2	I always passed by Tin Tin and it is always packed. So I finally made it in and expecting great food. I was disappointed. For the price they charged for buffet the food should have been so much better. The food did not stand out. They had a lot of station but nothing was worth raving about. The food was bland and the seafood was sucky. I will not go back and I advise if you never been there don't waste your time.
4	I gave this place four stars because, I love buffets that has good seafood, particularly, blue crabs! Recently, they did not have them....My coworker, last year had mentioned I could get blue crabs at a Chinese buffet.  Being leary, we met up and the rest is history!Location - a bit of a drive, towards South of Charlotte, between CVS and some Baby store.Place - it was huge! But was I surprised? Nah, I have seen huge Chinese buffet restaurants before. But the inside, they had a lot of tables and chairs to accomodate the customers.  There are aisles and different selections of food that were actually good.  I have been to some buffets and most of the time, it was a turn off. But here, it is definitely worth your trip.Selections - There a handful of desserts (I love their egg-tarts!), dim-sum like dishes (I liked the shrimp dumplings and sticky rice), Vietnamese dishes and buns, in the middle of the restaurant, lies their  cold dishes, such as seafood of oysters, sushi, freshly cut fruits, sometimes they have Asian exotic fruits (one time, I had dragonfruits)! On the other side of the middle island, lies their delicious green onion pancake, short rib beef (I feel like it was Vietnamese style) that I was yummy.But boy, people really come here for the snow crab legs!Price - It was pricey, but with good food, and unlimited crabs I could eat, I did not mind the price. I think for my husband and I, at 5pm, it came up to be $60 (including tip).
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review for Tin Tim sooner! I've been going here for years! Tin Tin is the BEST Asian buffet in Charlotte! I say Asian because you get much more than the standard Chinese fare. You can try authentic Chinese dim sum, Korean BBQ, Vietnamese noodle soup, crawfish, crab legs, Singapore noodles, an assortment of desserts, and sushi!! Whoa! It does not get better than this! I must say, the moment you see Asian families lined up outside tr door...waiting for the establishment to open...you know the place is legit! The food is fresh, the buffet is clean, and you will never run out of beautiful fresh crab legs like at most buffets!
1	Over priced at $21.99 per person.  Food is gross . . . extremely noisy . . .kids running around like it is a playground.  I will never set foot in this place again.
4	The buffet was amazing a ton of choices. This could be the best buffet I have ever been to. Will be back real soon
1	I spit most of the food out.  Way overpriced for the quality of food.
1	I would put no star if have this option here on yelp. Me and my husband eat here once and a while, and we have noticed the quality of food has been going down. Last night we spent almost $60, with tip, and decided not to return again. The place does not look very clean. I watched a lady open a big box of strawberries and put them out without washing them, and on the box was written "wash before eating." The quality of the food was not worth it. This has always been a buffet, and now the quality has become what you would expect to receive in a typical "cheap" buffet. Also, later last night both of us got a little bit of stomach sickness.
2	Great variety of food.  Very poor quality. All the hot buffet items were COLD. I did enjoy the Peking duck.  The dinner price was $23 per person with no option to avoid the costly crab legs and other sea food. Go to Tin Tin if you enjoy very expensive cold below average Chinese buffet food.
1	I used to go here when I was a kid.  It now is awful. Very overpriced and the seafood tastes disgusting.
2	In my opinion, Tin Tin has gone downhill over the past years. Food not as tasty and diverse as it once was, and many items were not hot, even though I was there at the lunch hour peak. The iced tea tasted like instant. For $12, I expect better.
3	Let me clarify as too why only 3 stars.The restaurant itself is very nice in appearance and the variety of food is excellent. The main things that stand out: Customer service, cleanliness and pricing. Most of the staff doesn't speak English well making it hard to understand them. Every time I needed a refill I had to look for our waitress and wave her down. As far as plates being removed from our table not a problem except one time i wasn't done with my plate and she came by and picked it up without even asking if i was finished or not. Cleanliness is a big thing for me. My gf likes to say that I'm just a tad bit ocd but I assure you Im not! Lol I simply expect things a certain way.  I definitely dont want to look down and see the food that the people before us were eating. As I walked around the buffet too serve me some food and i would look down and see pieces of food and other small trash around. The pricing is mainly high because of the "all you can eat crablegs" Now the first time I ever came here it was 19$ and now its 23.50 for one dinner buffet. So for me and my gf our total was 53$. Not exactly the average buffet price other places have. I feel that they should have a lower price for people who opt out of the crab legs. All in all i will definitely be returning and recommending to others.
3	I have been going to this place for 10 years, and I see the price increased from $12.95 to $23.95 now at weekend!This place is great for unlimited crablegs and other seafood, but don't expect much out of the service. I mean let me rephrase.. there's no service at all!!!!All the service barely speak English, which is not a problem. The thing is they all looked like they are constipated for days. No smile on the face whatsoever....so if you can ignore the service, the food is great. also, make sure you starve yourself for half a day before you go to make the money worth.
1	Visited for the first time today and for starters the food taste horrible I could get better tasting food at the mall for half the price they try to charge here, it was cold the rice tasted old and overcooked the noodles were dry the sesame chicken tasted old I mean just plain out bad and then when I requested to speak to the manager his excuse was its a buffet the food doesn't have to be hot what the heck is that ?! After that he said I had to pay full price and proceeded to be rude about it like it was my fault I ate one plate and not even all of it yet he still insisted I pay full price I told him I would not pay for food that tasted that bad finally he decided to charge 50% only after I insisted I wouldn't pay he's lucky he even got $4.75 out of me because the service from him was horrible and the food was not any better than his attitude I advise people to STAY AWAY !! Go anywhere but here !!!
5	In the Chinese Buffet category, Tin Tin is always 5 stars and as good as it gets.  We have tried every Chinese buffet in the Charlotte area and this one can't be beat.  We have also tried Chinese buffets in other states and Tin Tin is always the gold standard to which we measure all other buffets against.  The food is fresh and delicious and the selection can't be beat.  They have something for everyone and there's even a section of the buffet for the young picky palates.  Every time I dine here, the majority of the diners are Asian...that's a tell-tale sign for me that the food is authentic and delicious!   I don't have a huge appetite, but I can eat a good amount of crab legs so that makes it well worth the price, for me.  They also have a great selection of sushi and they always have special items such as Peking Duck, Crispy Pork, Chicken Feet, etc.  We're not talking about your run-of-the-mill Chinese restaurant here!   In addition to their many hot foods, there are also a number of "stations:~Sushi - they have several varieties or will make special rolls to order.~ Grill station - you can watch them cook a handful of specialty items such as Scallion Pancakes, Short Ribs, Satay, Dumplings, etc.  They are always fresh and cooked to order, if needed.  ~ Noodle Bowl station - noodles in a delicious broth with many topping options. I haven't tried it, but my teenager loves it.  ~ Cold food station - Salad, Shrimp/Oysters, Fruit, etc~ Desserts - there are two desserts stations!  Even a soft serve ice cream machine.If you have a good appetite and are looking to splurge a bit...Tin Tin is your place!   Note:  I mention "splurge" because 3 of us went for dinner on Sat night, we ordered 1 hot tea and 2 cups for soda (free refills) and with tip, it was over $100!   In my opinion...it's was well worth it.
3	Tin Tin has become somewhat of a buffet staple in Charlotte. I would definitely recommend reading this review if it's your first time or if you're deciding whether or not it is worth the try. My family and friends have been coming here for years. Let me clarify one essential fragment that completes the full substance that is Tin Tin; this is a "seafood" buffet with a seafood price tag. It is now around $25 per person for dinner. If your focus is on standard Americanized Chinese food (sweet and sour this and sesame that), Tin Tin is not for you. 90% of the locals that come here are on a hunt for lobster, snow crab, oyster, crawfish and clams. They do a good job of refilling the lobster that barely lasts 10 minutes upon arrival. Be prepared to wrestle a seemingly sweet little lady for that lobster. Last time, I stood and waited as FIVE different spoons and clamps dug in the lobster dish for "the good stuff." I, the nice and patient one, was left with sauce and claws. Don't worry, I lucked out on the second batch. I understand the brawl because the lobster is definitely where the gold is! Take notes, this is valuable information. All in all, this is not really a seafood buffet, but you can't opt out of the seafood that is on the buffet bar or for the commotion that fresh lobster brings. Good luck!
1	Let me start off by saying that this used to be one of my favorite places in Charlotte to eat. The food was good, the service was excellent. The last few times, not so much. Let's talk about service first:- The seating took place relatively quickly- It took us 5 minutes to get our drinks ordered (acceptable)- It took 10 minutes to get the drinks (bordering on slow)- It took 15 minutes to get silverware and shell bowls (VERY slow for a buffet restaurant)- The dishes stacked up and up at the table. I actually looked at my watch to see how long it would be before we say a waitress for our SECTION of 9 tables. It was 15 minutes. They went to one table and it was another 5 minutes before we saw her again.Now to the food:The sushi was warm.. the crab legs were cold! Anybody see the problem here? In fact the crab legs I picked up, supposedly hot, were almost still frozen! At least two of the three clusters I got.The selection for sushi a year or so ago was significantly better. I also had the buttered shrimp... okayThe Hot and Sour Soup - No flavor at all. Seemed to be watered down.The ice cream machine was broken, so that was a bust.The fried chicken was okay.The sesame chicken lacked any sesame. The pieces were large not very flavorful.The clams lacked any flavor, along with the Thai Chicken.Overall... simply not a good outing.Needless to say, although this was a restaurant we went to on at least a monthly basis, we will be looking for a new Asian restaurant to frequent.
2	I first went to Tin Tin three years ago and was pleasantly surprised to find a large selection of dishes that you don't find in the usual Americanized Chinese places.  The large number of Asian customers was also encouraging.  Because we live on the other side of town, we have only been a couple of times for lunch.Unfortunately, our recent experience was not as good.  We went for dinner on Saturday night.  They were very busy, but we only had to wait a few minutes for a table.  The first thing I noticed was that the place was filthy.  The floor was trashed, and there was spilt food and liquids behind a bus cart.  The buffet area was cleaner, but overall I just got a feeling of *ick* about the whole place, like it just needs a good hosing down with a power sprayer.  This probably colored my opinion of the food, but I just felt it was not as good as it had been in the past.As for service, the dirty plates on our table were not collected in a timely fashion, nor was our water refilled. If you are looking to try Tin Tin, I strongly suggest going for the cheaper option of lunch, and the possibility of having a cleaner experience when they're not so busy.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte. They have great salads and soups. I don't really eat a lot from the Chinese bars but it sure looks great and the folks that I dine with enjoy it!
2	Tremendous selection, absolutely huge. Not much here thats any good at all. I've tried it several times and its been consistantly disappointing. For my tastes, they should cut out about half of the selections and concentrate on making the ones they keep taste better. Hint: when someone gives it 5 stars and talks about their good salads and soups, don't value their opinion about the chinese food ! The food isn't that good, and it costs too much.
1	Since I can't leave less than one star tin tin gets one. The food here is truly disgusting, cold, slimy, and flavorless. Avoid this place at all costs.
1	Been here couple times. The food sometimes plain and cold. Basically its all about luck if you go on the right day or not; but it acceptable. The only reason i come here are for seafoods. I can understand it a little pricey. But i can't accept it when the services are terrible.* I dont feel comfortable while eat and the waitress staring down at me, talk to each other, laughed... And back to staring.*Whenever i go with my bf's mom, they got attitude and rolled eyes serving her but not me.  shes mexican and im asian. So tell me they're not racist. They shouldn't be, because they dont even speak English, hiding in the corner talking to each other their language the whole time.* Asked my sister for refill, she responded "yes please", and the waitress just walked away until 10 minutes later came back with another one ask again... So.. Wtf? Especially Those waitresses on the right of the restaurant where the oysters side are mostly for 4 people, i wouldnt sit there any minute! Im telling you they got attitude more than others. Im an easy customers just want to eat in peace and go home.  But everytime i come same thing happen, is it because an asian dating a mexican?? Thats insulting!!
2	I have been a customer of Tin Tin since it was built way way many many years ago.  And throughout the years, it's been pretty consistently good.  I always crave the soup noodles but I don't know if it's worth it anymore..Last week, I was home for spring break and of course we went to Tin Tin to satisfy my noodle craving.  We got there, and we waited for about 20 minutes until we were seated - not a bad wait for 7pm on a Saturday night.  In the past, my parents always complained how the waitresses couldn't speak english and didn't smile or ask about how we were doing.  This time around, however, our waitress was very friendly and fluent in english - both pleasant surprises.  So the night was off to a great start.  But then! (dun dun dun!) I found a piece of plastic in the beef/noodle stirfry. We told the waitress and asked to see the manager.  The waitress apologized many times but the manager failed to show up for 10 minutes.  Now, usually if something like this happens, then my expecation is that the manager comes over as soon as he or she is free, apologizes, and then usually offers some sort of compensation.  So I was just sitting there for what felt like forever (although it was only 10 minutes), watching him stand at the podium idly, checking the seating list at times and calling people over.  I think that is a job that the hostess can do herself while you leave for two minutes.  Furthermore, when he came, he looked at the piece of plastic and apologized in a "sorry not sorry" tone without any offer of a discount for our meal.  Knowing that this would be my last visit, I ordered one last bowl of noodles.  Goodbye yummy noodles forever.. For the amount you pay for this food, go somewhere fancy downtown.  For being part of the SERVICE industry, they (the managers, not the waitress I had) suck at service.  So we paid, we left, and we won't ever be going back.#saltycustomer
2	I am sad to have to write this review but this used to be my favorite Chinese Buffet. I went there last night with my 2 children after not having been there for over a year.  I will never go back to this restaurant unless there is a change in ownership.  Why was it so bad?1.  All of the servers looked miserable.  Our server was surly and down right hostile to us for no particular reason.  I guess she hated her job and she wanted us to know it?2.  The cost of the meal was $68 for 3 people and not worth the money.3.  The food was nothing special and some of the food was cold.  Were they saving electricity by letting the food grow cold?  I spoke to one of my friend ( who also used to go here on a weekly basis) about this and she agreed with me on all points.Something is seriously wrong with this restaurant!!!
3	Wow, I am surprised I've never written a review for this place. I have been coming here ever since they opened, and I think that's like at least 8 years or more ago. Over the years, this place has changed management recently, prices have gone up and the food variety has diminished, quality has also shrunk a bit.But, overall, you really can't beat the Tin Tin experience, meaning for what you paid for,  you get a good BANG for your buck. I am not sure if it's worth coming here for dinner or eating here over the weekends, because the price would be closer to around $20. Seriously, for a price like that, I don't care if you treat me to raw oysters, crab legs and such, it's still a bit hard to justify, for a buffet at least. It's not the grandest of experience and not Las Vegas buffet with a endless array of selections.However, with that said, a typical week day lunch price tag is pretty great, around $10, you get some tasty bites. I love  that this place has a noodle station, where they make fresh soup noodle in front of you, yum. The stir fries here are pretty tasty as well, dim sum, great selection of soup, seafood, and pastries. They even have tapioca dessert, heck yah! They also have a fresh skillet place where they fry turnlip cakes, and dumplings in front of you. Of course, any good Asian buffet will have sushi, which this place has. Overall, why not? But just a bit sad that the quality keeps going down, but I don't anticipate this place to be closing down any time soon, because it's been around for long enough to stay alive, which is saying A LOT because there are a BUNCH of Asian restaurants out there. Honestly, I think I'd be mildly sad if this place ever closes down. If you are craving for an authentic Asian buffet experience, this is it! The taste here is very on par with Chinatown dishes.
3	Just a okay buffet close on time you have to grab something to eat if you arrive late.
3	I would give it 4 stars bc you can't beat unlimited crab legs but seriously the price keeps going up every time. It's now 24.95 for dinner on the weekend I believe. Sushi has gotten better than before. I like the grill station and the oyster. Their dim sum selection is pretty decent too. The staff is a hit or missed. Been going here for years and I wouldn't say it's getting bad but not better either. I will say I never had a bad experience there.
3	I love Asian food but there is definitely a lack of buffets with good food, that is clean, and has good service...so I usually stick to Brazilian buffets like Chima or Amor de Brazil.I only come to Tin Tin for the unlimited crab legs because it is always stocked,  hot, and doesn't taste frost bitten. The other foods worth mentioning are the steam buns with duck and fried salted shrimp. Other than that, I don't really like the other items.Also, I don't know what is is about the waitstaff here but they always look depressed.  Kinda hard to enjoy your meal with that face staring at you.All in all, I'll always come back because the crab legs are on point! Roughly $25 is not all that bad for what you get.
2	Too expensive for such mediocre food! I understand, that to some extent, that buffets generally don't put out 5 star food but there comes a point where the price you are paying is not worth the food. Even if you're going solely for the fresh seafood, in the end, (unless you are a marathon eater) there is no way you could possibly eat the value of food that you were being charged for. As a repeat customer from the past, even then the buffet was pricey but tolerated because of the fresh seafood. With the recent rise in price that is no longer the case.
4	We have been going to TinTin for 10 years or so, but it has been about 2 years since the last trip.  And there were so many poor reviews lately, I was worried.  I wonder if these people are even eating at the same restaurant?Our waitress was pleasant, attentive and did a great job.  The manager on duty was friendly and visited with several tables.  No one looked depressed or miserable, and everyone we spoke to was nice. We almost always go at lunch, so we are paying $11.95, not $24.95.  This is a great value (although they do not have the crab legs at lunch).  I am not offended at all by the small sign asking diners not to waste food - having seen some unbelievable behavior from diners over the years, just piling up plates of food and throwing it away, I suspect I would have been a lot less polite about it than the little sign.The food is good!  The butter shrimp are hot and crisp, the steamed fish tender and well seasoned, the fried tilapia is moist, the salty prawns are delicious (although personally, I could do without the heads), sushi is okay, it's freshly made.   I love the green beans, and the bok choy vegetable dishes.  To be fair, I am from San Francisco originally, so I know what good Asian food and dim sum is.  And this does not compare - but we are not in San Francisco, we are in Charlotte.  And we are paying $11.95 - TinTin remains one of our favorite restaurants in Charlotte!!
4	I love this place.   ;) so most that work here don't speak English well so they don't say much.  Not a bad thing, it is what it is.  The wide variety of food on the Buffet explains perfectly who is eating here.  Chicken feet.  Duck.  Crawfish. Butter shrimp.  Crab legs.  (The real reason to go) no crab at lunch only dinner.  Fri sat sun dinner is almost 25$ per person.  The signs all over the restaurant repeatedly say don't waste food so we can keep prices low.   Price used to be under 20$ per person couple years ago.  Waste and food costs are so high.  But still all you can eat crab legs.   No one offers that any more.  Sunday brunch buffets are pushing 40$ per person so I think the price here is still good!!! Don't expect 5 stars or excellence in dining.  It's a buffet.   But do leave a tip and enjoy a very good one at that!!!!
1	Okay...there are some people that LOVE this place. My review aside, it's always packed....not sure why, but it is so take my one star with a grain of salt I guess.If you love all you can eat crab legs, this is your place. If not, stay far away....FAR AWAY. Tired hostess, angry server and food that tasted like it came out of the dumpster. I've eaten everywhere....bad food, good food, authentic.....everything and this was hands-down the worst.Trust me....I wouldn't change a thing if i was the owner due to the constant traffic, but be warned. That's why I stopped in. $50 is kinda steep for two too, but it was worth the story I guess. Pig slop would be too kind.
5	First of all, this review is specifically in relation to Asian buffets. You can't compare apples to oranges, so don't bother comparing this place to a fine steakhouse. With that said, this is about as good as it gets in Charlotte for Asian buffets. You won't find a larger and more authentic selection of Asian food anywhere in the QC. From dim sum to pho, chow fun to lo mein, steamed crawfish and white fish, pot stickers, sushi, and the obligatory (yet surprisingly good) chicken wings just for good measure. If the sight of chicken feet grosses you out, just stick with your local Panda Express. But if you've come to venture beyond the Americanized version, this place will suit your needs. There's a reason the place is always packed, and noticeably with lots of Asian people. If you don't like crab legs, save yourself some cash and come for lunch. Dinner is significantly more expensive and the only differences are the crab legs and the Beijing duck.
1	Don't normally feel like "gee I wish we hadn't ate there" but that is just how we left after dinner this past Wednesday. The food all looked like it was left there since lunch. The soup was so crusty and dark I mentioned to a waitress that happened by and she mentioned it to the owner. I simply asked if she would eat that soup there on buffet . The owner came and had a new bin of soup brought out. The crab legs were good but all watery and stuck to the shells- which is an indication they are not fresh. The salad bar area did not have the usual Asian salad only some dark (almost black) sea weed salad. The Fruit was all dried out - I had to roll the oranges in the water to soften them up and the ice cream machine was "out of Order" ... So I don't think for 24.99 it was a good experience for me. The food was sub par for the price - the waitress was clearly uninterested in us. I did manage to find one gal who continued to check on us after she helped with the soup debacle... She continued to make sure we were okay so when it came time for the tip - she got it - though she was not the waitress at our table -  take always ...? Don't eat there mid week - the food is old and doesn't get refreshed with new food... Save your money and go to Wan Fu !
5	We visit tintin every Monday lunch.  It's a good place to have all combined asian food buffet restaurant.  They have alcohol, such as wine and beers.  They also have Japanese sushi rolls and nigiri.  Their regular food includes Chinese lo mei, stir vegetables and white rice and noodles; dim sum and red beam bum.  They don't have a lot chicken, but sea food and pork are all there.  I love their fried jumbo shrimp, curry noodles and spicy sour soup.
4	Tin Tin is not quite as good as it used to be but it is still a great place to get authentic Asian food. Thy have plenty of Americanized Asian food but the good stuff here is authentic Asian food such as made to order soup, duck bao and chicken feet in black bean sauce. If you like the real deal, this place is recommended.
4	I'm actually surprised this only has three stars. I enjoy eating here, the food is always fresh and never runs out. The restrooms are clean. My only complaint is that they charge three yr olds to eat. My son eats a small amount of white rice and Chinese doughnuts, I'm already paying $10 on the weekday to eat, can't we get away with a serving of rice for the little one ?
1	My ultimate demise occurred when I entered the doors of Tin Tin Buffet. I pass this place on the way to work everyday and have always thought "Oh I bet that place is DOPE." I ended up on this side of town early and decided to drop in and try it out.I got the Thai chicken - meh. The rice was "ok". This would have been fine had they not charged me over $25 for the plate. Folks, it was crab leg night. No one informed me of the cost. When I told them that I did not indulge in said crab legs they said "doesn't matter". Let me reiterate - I paid over $25 for sub par Asian cuisine. I made my selection because everything else looked dismal at best.Yes, one might argue, "Britt, you didn't ask the price. Yeah,ok, rando, no I didn't. I'm aware that this is ultimately all my fault. I just want to warn all of you - once like me - naive and vulnerable in my hungered state: Don't go to Tin Tin unless you plan on eating crab legs until you barf.My name is Brittany and I paid over twenty bones for a sub par plate of Asian cuisine.
2	They don't have much of a selection. I'm disappointed I have to spend so much money on this wack dinner. The only good thing this place has is their crab legs. I asked the so called sushi chef to make me eel on a bed of rice and him and another person said they don't do that. In my opinion this place is a waste of time and money.
4	I love the soup here!  I would go here just for that! Beyond the soup, it is definitely one of the better buffet's in Charlotte.  A little on the pricey side but well worth it in my opinion!
5	I don't do Chinese food buffets anywhere, but I must say this is some of the best chinese/Asian food I've had outside my NYC home. The butter shrimp, chicken and broccoli, crab legs, sushi...incredible! I'll be back...SOON!
1	Do not waste your time. Sanitation grade is a 90. Overpriced for the quality. It costs $67 dollars from me and my two young children to eat there. I will not make that mistake again . I will not recommend this restaurant.
2	Soooooooo disappointed.... Used to be one of my favorites but now just an overpriced bland buffet.   Your best bet is to go with the soups... Saving grace??? Is the large selection of ok tasting belly filler
4	Tin Tin is as good as you will find for an "asian buffet" in North Carolina.All those haters posting reviews about "paying $25 for bad asian food" - next time read the sign: BUFFET.This ain't world class asian food by any stretch.It's buffet.It appeals to the masses.It's crowded - which is good - it means the food is refreshed, not sitting for hours.I think it's plenty good. I also eat alot, so I get my money's worth.Go if you are hungry and need asian food.Don't go if you expect Nobu sushi or some other unrealistic expectation of a buffet. Sheesh.
2	Lunch, sure it's a pretty good steal. Dinner? No way. Still doesn't make me feel like buffets are worth it. This one is located in South Charlotte, right off of 485. It's a little, lets say, worn. It's been here for quite a while and well, if you go into the bathrooms you are sure to see some interesting graffiti. While on the outside, they try to make it look grand and majestic, it just isn't what they want it to be. Actually, to be honest I'm amazed that they're still standing and in business. I guess buffets never go out of style, but if you've read my reviews on buffets you know I'm not as fond.So, what's Tin Tin's assortment of food? You know the usual American Chinese food mixed in with some Japanese "sushi" and some soups/noodles. This is only for lunch. I hear that during dinner there is a wider assortment and a little more of the pricier items, hence the price difference. The food was well, food. Nothing exciting. Nothing amazing. And somewhere where I would never go if not for company wanting to go and eat. Maybe it's great for big parties, but when it comes to Chinese food, I just get picky. I probably won't come back here because (1) it's a buffet, (2) I've had better buffets, and (3) rather spend my money elsewhere.
1	Overpriced and Nasty. .. Won't go back.. They charge you extra  if you don't eat all the food on your plate... Cheap with the salad dressing. .. They put it on for you....
1	I visited them Saturday. Health score is 81. Really, 2 points lower and you're closed. I have enjoyed eating there in the past but I do not want food poisoning so I'll try them again in a few months and if the health score is above 90.
2	Mediocre at best.  I was there 1/4/15 for dinner based upon raving reviews from family.  It will be my first and last visit.  The variety of food is plenty, but quality is lacking in flavor and preparation.  It was a half-assed attempt of a Vegas-style buffet menu and definitely not worth the price.  Stay far, far away from the sushi.  Disgusting.  Put it this way--all of the 'fresh' seafood selection was waterlogged and plain--even the butter couldn't  help, but according to other reviews, this Is the place.  If you say so, but my taste buds were crying for mercy.  My attempt of trying the oysters was foiled by other patrons rummaging through them like pig slop and based on their facial expressions--no thanks.  The only redeeming item was the peking duck with the bao, stir-fried bok choy/ greens, and the steamed buns.  Go if you must, but not for $30.
4	First, keep in mind that IT IS an Asian Buffet which includes Crab Legs, and you don't have to drive to the beach and pay over $30 per person for the same style buffet. Definitely the best one around Charlotte.  If you like the smell of your own brand then you probably won't like it and give it one or two stars and some hater styled review because your upset about the crab leg buffet price, I think it's about $25 per person with sweet tea or soda/pop. But for all you military and ex military guys who have suffered through years of MRE's and chow hall food, or anybody that is a self proclaimed 'buffet slayer' this place is the bombshiznizzlesnipsnapsandwich brother! I LOVE crab legs and this place scratches that itch with a resounding... Outstanding!So go with an open mind and a gigantic appetite, and leave the unrealistic expectations in your stained undies at home(you can sniff 'em later), the place is always packed so you know the food is fresh and not been sitting there since last tuesday. Don't go if your an uptight, picky fart sniffer. Or think that Vegas is the only place you would eat a buffet, Vegas is overrated and the only reason the food there is great is because 99.9% of the patrons are drunk as skunks. Vegas looks great at night but in the daylight it's on par with a third world combat zone! Tin Tin is just plain worth it and will always have my vote with a smile and two thumbs up! :-)
