3	Ok, first thing's first.  NYPD stands for New York Pizza Dept.  So this place calls itself New York Pizza Dept Pizza?  Isn't that kind of redundant?   I figured I had to give it a try, see if it lived up to a native New Yorker's standards.  My general rule is that when an establishment uses "New York" in its name, it just means they are trying too hard and are really nowhere near authentic.  "New York Pizza", "New York Deli", etc.  If you were really authentic, you wouldn't need to remind people in your name, your food would speak for itself.  I called and placed an order for pickup and was put on hold twice.  I was on hold longer than it took me to place the order.  Argh.   I ordered a plain cheese pizza, mozzarella sticks, and their "upstate" wings.  The same way I'm a bagel purist - plain bagel toasted with cream cheese is my benchmark - a plain cheese pizza is my benchmark for a pizza place.  No crazy toppings like pineapple or bbq chicken, I challenge you to find a New Yorker that puts that stuff on their pizza.  Also, what's the deal with "upstate" wings?  They can't just be buffalo wings?  Weird.  When I ordered the wings, the guy asked me if I wanted ranch with it.  In NY, buffalo wings come with bleu cheese dressing, not ranch. . .  As soon as you walk into this place you get that "chain" restaurant feel.  It's way too over the top, nothing authentic about it at all, you will never find a pizza place in NY that looks like this.  It's like Disney's interpretation of a NY pizzeria.  Have you ever been to the New York New York hotel/casino in Las Vegas?  This place would fit right in.  But the true test is the food, right?  My husband and I both thought the pizza was just average - I didn't like the dough and my husband thought it was too thin/crispy and not floppy enough, like it was trying too hard to be NY pizza.  It was certainly better than Pizza Hut or Papa Johns or Dominos if those are your only other choices.  No doubt, if this place was in Boston or Pittsburgh it would clean up.  But luckily here you have a multitude of choices.  The mozzarella sticks were also pretty average, and we both thought the marinara sauce was on the disgusting side - waaaay to sweet.  Marinara should be tomato-sweet, not added-sugar sweet.  The surprise of the night were the wings - just the right amount of spicy and very flavorful.  And to be honest, they were kind of sweet too, but we both thought that was an interesting twist.  And it was nice they provided celery with the bleu cheese, but it was not so nice that the celery was disgustingly rotten and almost made my husband vomit with one bite.  He did get a kick out of the fact that he could bend each piece in half without it breaking!  In conclusion, if you want truly fantastic NY style pizza in a truly authentic setting, Redendo's is right up the road from this location (at FLW and Raintree).  So if you're headed here, think to yourself, "Self, you know what, Kristin S. recommended Redendo's right up the street, and Kristin S. is useful, funny, and cool!"
2	As a NY'er...I can tell you this pizza isn't THAT good...and it's inconsistent. I like Ray's far better.
4	I remember when NYPD first opened up. I believe their first store was on Shea and Scottsdale. I had just moved here from NY and was looking for an authentic style pizza joint. I found it. And here I am eight years later and I still think it's the best pizza. There have been some others who claim to be the best, but for overall quality, it's right up there. I have to tell you one thing that is very rare about this place....When I first went there eight years ago, I dealt with a representative of the company, I think his name was Kevin. He was the first person I dealt with and I'll never forget him. Want to know why? It was his customer service. I was so ordering a pie and while I was waiting he asked me if I wanted a drink while I was waiting. I was taken back by that. I've never been to a takeout or eat in restaurant where they offered you a drink and didn't expect you to pay for it. Then he offered me a piece of pizza too! JAW DROP.....Ok. I don't know if they still do that, but that struck a chord with me where to this day, I still ask if he works there and that says something about a company. If you can remember great service from eight years ago and the guy is still working there....This company is doing something right. AND BEST OF ALL....IT'S ONE OF THE BEST PIZZA I'VE HAD HERE.   --former NYer!
5	YUM!I can never remember what it is, but order the salad thing on pita bread!  It will change your life!  My co-workers and I would always go in here and share one of those and then we'd each get a slice of pizza.  Perfect amount of food- low prices- never too/disgustingly full.  Their bilinis are wonderful as well!
2	The food isn't bad here, it's just not that good. I think the garlic cheese knots are pretty good and for the most part the pizza is alright. Here is my main problem with this place, they NEVER have the kind of pizza I want. For some reason they don't sell white pizza by the slice. I was once told they do have it when they open, but by the time I went at 1 in the afternoon they were all sold out. 1 in the afternoon! Do they only make 1 white pizza a day?!?!?!? They also don't sell sicilian by the slice either. 1 time they also didn't have the "special" pizza of the day also. Give me a break, you're a pizza place, you should have the slices I want and if you don't then make it for me.
2	Unimpressive food and confusing service!  Took my family there today for lunch since my 2 kids are big Pizza fans and being from NY we thought it would be worth giving this a shot based on the NYPD name.  We started out with very confusing signage when you walk in allowing you to either wait for table service or order from the counter in back.  Being the positive person I guess maybe the signage was intentional and felt like I was looking at a NY Subway Map http://www.nysubway.com/map/index.htmlIf I was the owners of NYPD I would follow the KISS (keep it simple stupid) rule and just offer the walk up option (especially during lunch).  We walked in and since we had not been there before we waited up front for about 5 minutes with about 4+ employees in the back standing around just staring at us.  I finally gave up and walked in the back and asked for help and we decided to order at the counter after it was explained to us that we could order off menu at back.  After trying out 2 different flat soda's finally grabbed some ice tea and waited at the table for our food to come out.  Food came out in good time so that part was positive.  We ordered an eggplant sandwich, meatball sandwich and 2 pieces of pizza. It's been a few years since we have been back to NY so my taste buds may be a little off but, in my opinion, the food quality was more of a AZPD (Arizona Pizza Dept) quality vs. NYPD - New York quality.  If you are up for ok pizza (good pricing) maybe give NYPD a shot and hopefully you have a better experience than we did.  Since it so close to Ray's Pizza I would recommend playing it safe and going to Ray's Pizza.
4	This location just opened where the Island's Burger used to be by Raintree and the 101.  They deserve an above average rating for the great service.  They were well staffed with people who knew what they were doing and wanted very much to please.  The pizza's not Bianco's, but it's good, and there's a lot to be said for being well taken care of without any bs.
2	So I'm very dissappointed in the service and probably won't be back unfortunately. My mother and I decided to try this locale out, since I haven't since living on this side of town. Well we waited a couple minutes before anyone approached us to seat us, and then waited an additional minutes before the guy came back to give us menus. I was trying to give the guy the benefit of the doubt considering they seemed to be a lil busy but this was just a series of issues to come.I ordered the italian beef hero which was actually really good but they didn't provide enough au jus, so i seriously waited forever and a day till the guy decided to come check up on us and see how we were doing. Come to find out he was only waiting on my table and two others (that came in after us), and making coversartion in the back with the employees which was the reason why there was such delay to assist us. When he finally did make it around and I commented the need for more au jus he said he'd be back witha  refill for my mother and my au jus. Well he passed us literally 5X's before he goes, "OH! The Au Jus". I mean come on dude where the heck is your head at?!After we were done with our meals, we decided we may attempt to go for some dessert so instead of waiting for him to bring the menu we walked over to the podium and grabbed one our selves. He came by and asked if we'd found something else and I asked him for a refill while we decide.He again went behind the bar and started convo with another employee and trying to somewhat multi task- and this is where he f'd up. He took my drink and walked over to this senior couples table and put my drink down and went back to converse with the employee AGAIN. I then had to call him out and told him to come over to our table. I told him he just took my drink over to the other table and that I now longer want a refill or dessert, just my bill. I was really disappointed- I definitely won't be back. To be honest as soon as we sat down I looked up the locale on Yelp and started to see the negative comments and was like, eh I'll give it try, maybe they just happened to hit them on a bad day, but that wasn't the case the service is just bad.
5	This place if fantastic! They serve up the best New York Style pizza in town and have a fun and friendly atmosphere. I have always had great service when I have gone in. Their Garlic Knots are the BEST appetizer on the menu and the Chelsea Chop salad is to die for! If your looking for a great night out, you should definitely try this place!!
4	I've had the same pizza every time now.  My eyes and belly just love it so!It's the Pizza Blanca and I get it with roma tomatoes and extra mozzarella!  AND, the people working there are just flipping fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  While we were waiting, I noticed two employees tucked away taking 'food tests'.  I appreciate that!  I've been to the one off Camelback & 20th St. and they're a little undesirable...Ima keep coming back to this exact location :-)
4	These guys have a nice lunch deal.I received a coupon in the mail for two slices of any pizza and a drink for $5.99 at lunch.  I enjoyed two large slices of pepperoni and an iced tea.When I got my bill I saw that they charged me only $5.95.  I saved an extra four cents!At these prices, I'll be back again for lunch.
3	My family loves getting pizza from here. Very nice New York style pizza. They have pretty good wings and garlic knots also.
3	A very nice pizza.  I haven't made up my mind which is more authentic, NYPD or Ray's.  Both, have the thin NY style crust, but NYPD makes me feel like I'm waiting for an E train to Queens; whereas Ray's feels more upper east side-ish.
4	These guys are close to work, so it's an easy stop for lunch. Their pizza is good and they have a lunch special, 2 pieces of pizza and a soda, that end up being like $6.50 after tax. They have some interesting choices, a little different than what you'd see elsewhere. I like the pepperoni jalapeno.The people who work there are excessively friendly. Everyone who sees you says hi when you walk in. It must be some corporate policy or something, but it's nice.
4	Pretty good pizza here even though I've been loyal to Ray's down the driveway.   Maybe I like Ray's cheese better?  This place does a nice crust/dough though.  Sauce is good too.  I like "Fran's  favorite" which has mushrooms and fresh Roma tomatoes.  Everything here does taste very fresh.  The House salad is way better than most other places as they use Romaine ( I think) lettuce as opposed to non-nutritional Iceberg.  Fresh tasting and I appreciate the fact that I ordered it drizzled very lightly w/ Balsamic dressing and they brought it out w/ just the right amount.  Lunch specials are a great deal!
3	Good pizza, definitely better than the national delivery chains, but not nearly as good as the top notch pizzeria's we are blessed with. That being said their prices are actually higher than the best places (Grimaldis, Spinatos, Quattro al Formagio, Humble pie, Pomo , Grazi, Bianco, The Cove). So - I recommend NYPD if you are really hungry for Pizza and can't get to one of these other places, or for home delivery - and look for a coupon.
1	WTF? WTF? WWWWTTTFFF? I must be on lonely island because this place sucks. I have a theory about pizza. You could take a loaf of wonder bread, a jar of ragu and melt mozzarella cheese on top and usually find yourself pretty pleased. Pizza is just, well....comforting. Cold/Hot you generally can't go wrong. NYPD is TERRIBLE! Pizza does not have to be New York style to be good these days. Although being from Brooklyn the Pizza in New York can't be beat. It is my favorite.I wish they would take the NY out of there name because this place is PURE AND UTTER GARBAGE!!!
3	I went to NYPD for lunch today. Upon entering our waitress told us we could pick any table, which I thought was nice.  When we picked our table she followed us and then announced that she would be taking care of us.  I smelled the odor of stale cigarettes on her which was not at all appetizing.  She took our drink order.  The person with me ordered a water with lemons and I ordered a tea without lemons.  When she brought the drinks, my tea had two lemons as did the water.  Not very good listening skills.  I was having doubts that this would be a good lunch, but it turned out to be just fine.  I had a salad with ranch which was good and I had baked ziti which is one of my favorites.  I love the mixture of ricotta cheese with the marinara sauce.  I did split the order with the person I was with and the kitchen split it for us.  Neither one of us could finish our half of the order.  They serve generous portions.
4	Working late one night, I was looking for some Pizza delivery and found this place on Yelp.  After browsing their menu online, I decided to order a 14" Brooklyn Family Pizza (Sausage, Pepperoni, Basil, $15.79) well done.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WScGH9XsG8-XF_HLqviAgw?select=tJ6uKGCt903Th6DBV33z4gThe Pizza was delivered pretty quickly and I couldn't wait to take a bite.  The Pizza looked sooo good!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WScGH9XsG8-XF_HLqviAgw?select=RbJzxEMNjbizWpuurVp5lgWhen I picked up a Slice, it had that NY Pizza "bend" to it.....good sign!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WScGH9XsG8-XF_HLqviAgw?select=p1vayQYRY2Eync2nFsXo8QI took a bite and it was good!  The Sausage had a nice combination of Sweet & Spicy flavors and went well with the Pepperoni.  The Cheese was gooey and the Basil was just right...I think I'm going to add Basil to my standard order of Pepperoni & Sausage if a Pizza joint offers it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WScGH9XsG8-XF_HLqviAgw?select=Mi2V4PgUyxU-PQGwDQRBtAOverall, I was very satisfied with NYPD Pizza!Return Factor - 100%
4	I really like there pizza and garlic knots but delivery takes FOREVER! any day of the week you will wait a minimum hour plus for delivery. And takeout isn't much better.
4	There is nothing like authentic New York pizza, and this is the closet representation to what real New York Pizza tastes like.  Eating a slice of their cheese pizza reminds me of a summer day touring Manhattan.  The customer service was good, not superior, but average. Since it was my brother's birthday, he got a free dessert and he ordered New York's Finest Cookie 'N Cream.....that is to die for!!  It was a large Chocolate Chip Cookie (that was still warm) with two scoops of vanilla ice cream withe chocolate and carmel syrup drizzled over the entire thing.  Yum!! Overall my experience was good and would recommend this place for amazing pizza and a taste of what the big apple is like.
5	I would give this place 10 stars if I could.Friendly people, great food, reasonable prices, great atmosphere....especially to watch a game.... and great service.NYPD always has and always will have the BEST PIZZA in Arizona, hands down.
4	This is traditional NY pizza think crust and oogy googy cheese.  We always get the cheese pizza and it is always amazing never had a problem.  It is styled after Traditional NY Pizza Joints. We also get honey chicken wings hold the BBQ sauce and they are great as well never had a problem - go to this one as opposed to the one on shea because this one has root beer on tap while the one on shea got rid of it who knows why it is a favorite.  A great place to go grab a slice or go out for Pizza - Monday and Tuesdays the special is buy one pizza get one half off and on Wednesdays children eat free and on Sunday take out a pizza get one free.  Great Pizza from a NY girl who knows great Pizza.
5	Have been coming here for years and love, Love, LOVE NYPD Pizza.  Generally very good service with friendly staff and excellent menu.  Favorites are the Chelesa salad, pizza blanca and more recently margherita pizza - yum!!  Occasionally we splurge with a baked cookie (pizookie?).  Always go home with leftovers and enjoy as much the next day.We usually eat in but take-out works well and so does delivery.  Check out their email specials and Mon/Tues specials too.  NYPD's got it covered.
4	Pizza Blanca or Baked Ziti....yummers.  Can't I have BOTH???  Love coming here..FEELS like pizza.
3	They have a decent pizza and chicken parmasean. This place is A-OK in my book. I would rate NYPD Pizza 3 1/2 stars but felt it was closer to 3 stars than 4 stars.
4	Probably, our go to pizza place in Scottsdale. I like Grimaldi's a little better than L, but we both like pizza a lot. It's close, convenient, and a well run operation.
1	The food is great but service is the absolute opposite.  We had all our food, 5 kids and the pizza took over an hour.  The tables around us were leaving as we sat and waited and waited.  I am aware this happens but  no customer service as the manager watched our upset reactions but never apologized and did not take it off the bill.
1	Went to NYPD 12/26 with my husband and 3 kids and 2 other families and had a horrible experience.  It started out fine waitress took our drink order then came back for our food order. All of our food came out except for the pizza that was being shared by the 3 husbands.  Well all 6 kids and wives finished their food and the pizza still had not come out.  The waitress told us it was coming out very soon and when we mentioned how long it had been she just smiled and said "It will be out in 2 minutes".  I am pretty certain that she knew this was not ok as she began to look frazzled and we watched as the manage walked around the counter area peering in our direction often as to see how we were reacting.  We sat and watched at least 4 groups that came in after us finish their  dinner and leave!!?? Um something is not right with this.  Not once did the waitress apologize to us or make any compensation whatsoever. We also told her that we have 6 kids that are ready to go she told us that their meals came with sundaes and hopefully that will occupy them for a little longer. Now at this point she should have already had those on the table for the kids.When I left the restaurant I personally handed the manager the comment card that had my email address on it and am shocked that I still never received an apology. I understand that mistakes happen (we are pretty sure she forgot to put the pizza order in) but to completely disregard the mistake and not apologize is rude and bad business. My family and I have always enjoyed going to this NYPD and the food is very good but  I will definately be looking for a new family oriented pizza place.MB
2	Family went in for Calamari and Pizza. Calamari was really small - like left over or end of supply. Cheese Pie was great but the attitude of the Waiter wasn't really. We mentioned the small pieces and he agreed and said "yeah they are small pieces here" And then he mentioned - Yeah but there gone!  And he was right and so are we.
5	One of my favorite things to do is order a pizza in person and sit at the bar and have a beer. The beer at NYPD is really great, as well as the atmosphere. The pizza is really outstanding for take out! I love the friendly service and would recommend NYPD to anyone who has never tried it!
3	After responding by yelp regarding a bad experience I got a phone call from a District manager.  She was awesome!  She thanked me for my feedback and handled the phone call with exceptional customer service. She was kind enough to tell me she would send me a gift card the following day.  I will go back and give them another go around!!  ThanksI started this review appx a month ago and still have never received anything from the gal who called so maybe I was mistaken on the customer service again.  Why would you go to the trouble of calling individuals who take the time to complain, boast about your customer service and then not follow through.  I guess it starts at the top and trickles down.
4	I stumbled on this place when I was looking for pizza after work.  I love this place.  I am not usually a fan of chain restaurants but I am of this one.  The interior is brightly lit and upbeat.  The staff has always been quick, polite and willing to accomodate your requests.  The pizza is great and I am a big fan of thier house salad.  I have gone back several times and it has always been consistent.
4	Amazing Pizza!!! Great service. Placed my to-go order and Daniel invited me to sit down and relax to a comp beverage from the soda fountain. With me, its the little thing that impress. Good Job!!
4	Great lunch spot for the M-F crowd.  The parking sucks (due to it being near paradise bakery). They have a quick grab and go menu/walk thru with lunch specials. I got a slice and a salad, my husband got 2 slices. We paid, easily found seating and our food arrived really fast. My side salad (greek) was huge and yummy and my pizza was good. My husbands pizza was also delicious (according to him) If you want a place you don't have to wait at, fight for seating and get great lunch specials....come here :)
5	Really great food, great service, the Manager even came to our table to welcome us, told us about the food and see how everything went for us. He heard it was our first visit. We will become regulars. Could not ask for more. Thank-you NYPD PizzaTeresa, Katie, and Quentin
3	In a pinch, this will have to do.  I usually prefer the mom and pop pizza joints as they have time and again proven they have better pizza.We were in a time crunch and starving and this was the only feasible option.
1	Ordered from NYPD Pizza a few time here in our office. We are about 2 blocks away. It takes them over an hour to get us our pizza. They also charge a deliver fee which is fine but don't expect a huge tip when it takes over and hour to get our overpriced pizza. Well the driver wasn't too fond that we tipped him a few bucks on top of the delivery fee and stormed out of our office cussing and making a seen and drove off in a fit of rage. This is the second time this has happened from this same delivery guy. We called in to talk to the manager and he was nothing but rude and did nothing about the situation. We will not be ordering pizza from this place ever again!
4	Much better than I expected, especially since most "NY Style" pizza places outside of NY vary widely.  Floppy and fold-able and very tasty.Also made an excellent cold pizza. On the better cold pizzas I have had actually.
4	Love this place, great lunch deal for this side of town. Fast service and friendly staff.
4	Some of the best pizza around
4	Heck yes, I will eat this again.  Had delivery of the BBQ chicken pizza last night.  Was told 45 mins to an hour wait.  OK, fine.  It was here in 20 minutes.  Hot, fresh, nice crunchy crust, thinly sliced red onions, nice pieces of chicken and some damn good BBQ sauce.  We are new to the area and this was our first, but certainly not our last, go at this place.  Appreciated the reviews to help us make the decision.  YUM.
4	We had a couple of Deal Chicken coupons for this joint, so we came on back to back Sundays to redeem.  This was the first time I dined in.  Normally, we order delivery.  I can tell you that dining in is a very good experience.  The server remembered us from the week before and greeted us with a warm hello and smile.  Her name is Ashley and she's awesome.  She made sure we were well taken care of and that our drink glasses were always full.Another standout  employee is one of the cooks.  I didn't get his name, but he took the Pizza out of the oven and brought it to our table before he cut it to make sure it was cooked to our desired crispiness.  We like our Pizza well-done and he wouldn't slice it up until we gave him the thumbs up.  Both visits we didn't have to send it back, they got the crispiness done properly the first time.We ordered:Family sized Brooklyn Family Pizza (Pepperoni, Sausage, Basil), $21.49http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nypd-pizza-scottsdale-5?select=Q61H5MQsP_7pOjeVF_DwFg#Q61H5MQsP_7pOjeVF_DwFghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nypd-pizza-scottsdale-5?select=prumSXcrD0Eozq3Rx7pWVQ#prumSXcrD0Eozq3Rx7pWVQFamily sized Mott Street Meat Lover Pizza (Pepperoni, Sausage, Meatball), $21.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nypd-pizza-scottsdale-5?select=63hD4U7PKOLnonxA--8XAQ#63hD4U7PKOLnonxA--8XAQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nypd-pizza-scottsdale-5?select=pO92ZpZdDaN1LGtSCi_KnA#pO92ZpZdDaN1LGtSCi_KnAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nypd-pizza-scottsdale-5?select=XdIo9EZWyEgtcCQmqmI_gg#XdIo9EZWyEgtcCQmqmI_ggChicken Wings, $8.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nypd-pizza-scottsdale-5?select=Zc5dliKkTzXw1arLmXSf-w#Zc5dliKkTzXw1arLmXSf-wGarlic Cheese Knots, $4.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nypd-pizza-scottsdale-5?select=uW_tFc4M2RIs8KG6QWS2FA#uW_tFc4M2RIs8KG6QWS2FAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nypd-pizza-scottsdale-5?select=5p3iujrt6uR9OkTX51GZRQ#5p3iujrt6uR9OkTX51GZRQEverything was good.  The Pizza is awesome of course.  I'm a huge fan of their Pizza.  The Wings are OK, not great.  The Garlic Cheese Knots are outstanding, which surprised me.  They're not really "knots", but more like a fluffy dinner roll covered with Melted Cheese, Butter, and Garlic....pure heaven!  Once you have one, you can't stop eating them.Overall, the dine-in experience was awesome.  I highly recommend giving it a try if you like Pizza and are in the area.Return Factor - 100%
5	The folks at NYPD have made me a BIG fan.  The pizza is good: fresh and tasty with a unique crispy almost pastry crust - they say they import the water from NYC - true? who knows but it works.  And what really wins me over is their commitment to community and service.  My son just returned from 2 years rehab as a wounded warrior from Afghanistan - lost both legs and much of the use of his left arm, as well as lots of other injuries.  NYPD supported his welcome home and made it clear that their community is as important to them as it is to us.  From reading others' reviews, this community attitude seems to trickle all the way to the table side service.  Bravo to a locally owned business that takes pride in their quality product and dedication to their customers.
1	NYPD Pizzeria tried to refuse service to me and my certified service dog.when I reported it to the owner, all they wanted to know was "which location" and "who"what I asked for as a remedy was that they include this in corporate training and have a service dog/handler pair come speak about this law at annual training.They totally disregarded my communication because I would not "name" the persons involved.   my perspective was that, in this economy, people didn't need to lose jobs.  But obviously, education is needed.I have now turned this case over to the ADA for action and will most likely get an attorney to FORCE them to educate their staff about people with disabilities and Aids, whether that be equipment or a service animal.Do not support this place.  There are plenty of pizzerias who don't have this attitude that need your business in this economy.
4	I enjoy the heck out of the place! I normally come here with my parents, they have developed some great rapport with a server named Ashley. She is great! Always takes care of us, is fun, cool and seems like she genuinely cares about us. I enjoy the pizza and Ashley's service always makes it that much better!I also managed to experience a presentation by the CEO Richard Stark. His enthusiasm for the company and commitment to serving quality products really upped how much I like this place (plus we got a bunch of coupons).
4	Pizza was good maybe not spectacular.  What made them stand out was that we chose to wait outside in the evening air while they prepared the pizza to go and they brought it out to us.
5	Paging: Members of the Gluten Free Society.  The Soho Pizza Salad on a Gluten Free crust is crazy good. They have a rice based sweet gluten free crust here... You can get a regular pizza or have them throw the Soho Salad on top. You are welcome.
5	Stopped by here with the lady friend and to be honest, I didn't have very high expectations for the place. She is an NYPD regular and ordered up a gluten-free pizza, gluten-free SoHo pizza salad and the chopped salad. Everything was DEE-LISH. Love the fact that they have the gluten free options and the food is incredible. The service was great as well.  I will definitely be going back.
5	My wife and I searched for the perfect pizza place when we moved to Az. The food, service, proximity, friendliness of staff were all superb here. We have gotten to be regulars and feel like welcome friends here. Sure there are many other pizza places but this one suits us best!
3	The pizza is great, but the salad was overpriced -- they were VERY skimpy on the good stuff (gorgonzola, bacon and sundried tomatoes) it was 99.9 iceberg lettuce!As much as we enjoyed the pizza, the salad left us feeling us stolen from.Nice local beers from PHX ale!
2	Good, authentic "back-east" pies!Update: I thought this last time but it hapened again:  Service is just weird.Both times we had waitresses that were just kind of oddly awkward about everything. I was going to give NYPD 3 stars, but since your delivery driver was driving like a total ass and cut me off while we were driving there, you lost one more.
5	The best pizza ever!
4	Brooklyn Family pizza was delish,  Strawberry Summer salad was awesome, and they delivered in less than 25 mins at 7:30pm on a Friday... Ahh-mazing!!
1	At his request, I messaged "Richard S: through Yelp and also e-mailed him directly so I could better describe our visits.  I never got any response whatsoever.So, here's the message:"Richard S", If you don't want to hear the details of customers' experiences, you should not ask people to spend their time contacting you.PS.  Yes, I took away one more star.
3	Antipasto salad: Middle of the road. The dressing I couldn't really taste. The salad came with hunks, or salami, and ham.They did hook a brother up wiff a side of Peperoncini's. I bit those all open and drizzled the goodness onto the salad for some Fla-VA! I didn't get any of their Pete-zer, this go round, I usually do, but just wanted a salad.
4	Good pizza and cold beer. and the bartender on the weekends is a smart ass, very fun.
1	Unfortunately we no longer frequent this place after finding out, they do not make everything from scratch.  Many of their items they make here come from a mix rather than being made from scratch.  also they do not use 100% Olive oil on their pizzas  All of their pizza dough has genetically modified soy oil and soy products in them and their reasoning for using soy oil rather than olive oil is cost, soy is less expensive, soy is also linked to numerous health problems which the manager did not really care about as the bottom line is money not health of their customers.  They knowingly use genetically modified ingredients and mixes which contain unhealthy ingredients.  Restaurants should use healthy ingredients and this one does not..
1	This place was a huge disappointment. The pizza was simply horrible, the salad disgusting and low quality but the wings weren't bad. Just the same with so many great places around I won't be back.
4	The pizza here is REALLY good - NY style done right with a huge pie, thin crust and cheese that is not burnt - a rare treat for pizza outside of NY/NJ. The sicilian pizza is also terrific.The only reason I took away a star is because the service is inconsistent. We almost always wait here longer than other restaurants and always get the feeling they forgot about us. However, if you're with good company, have a few beers & don't worry about it - the pizza is worth the wait.
4	NYPD does a good job on pizza and other dishes. I usually go there for lunch for the specials. I get two slices with any toppings you want and a drink for $6.75. Pizza is always good I usually get it a little crispy.
4	This place isn't fancy and you shouldn't expect it to be. But it is good. And the staff is nice. My girlfriend and I continue to return for lunch or dinner. We always get a half order of garlic knots, split a salad, and then some pizza and wings. It's a place that I can go and catch up with my friend and have a good meal without breaking the bank. I'll be back! Oh and the seasonal pear salad knocked my socks off!
5	Awesome pizza!! Best around .. I have gotten delivery most of the time and it's always quick and reasonably priced. Thanks NYPD!
4	Great tasting pizza. We ordered tomato, garlic, basil and cheese. Thin New York style crust is just right. The delivery was on time. We also ordered a small Greek salad and a small artichoke dip with bread. The dip was a mistake, don't order. The bread tasted the best. The dip had a rancid taste. The salad was really good.
2	I went here recently with my family.  I need to eat gluten free and NYPD has a poor gluten free menu.  They have 1 salad on the GF menu and it is basically a salad on top of a gluten free crust.  I ordered it and it came with a regular crust.  Luckily I noticed and sent it back.  Because of this, it took over 30 minutes to get my meal.  The food was okay.  I would like NYPD to include their other salads on the GF menu.  If there is an item on the salad that has gluten - just note to remove that item.  There is a reason why I am not ordering GF pizza because most of them do not taste good.  This one included.  Putting a salad on top of a crappy crust does not make it better.We had a groupon for NYPD, which can only be used for dine in and only $20 at a time - not much of a coupon.  I won't be buying one again.
5	Matt is by far one of the best managers I've ever met, great customer service. Made me feel right at home like I've known him for years.
5	This was amazing! We got the soho salad and calzones and they were to die for! Came back the next day for more!
5	I absolutely love coming here for lunch. Two slices and a drink, under $7, is a great deal. The staff is super friendly, helpful, and go out of their way to help when they can. I highly suggest this location for a hassle free, great tasting, lunch.
5	I love NYPD Pizza and this location!The food and crew are amazing! We usually order takeout (pizza, wings and salads) and are always guaranteed to be made exactly as ordered. What sets this location apart is their amazing team. You're greeted by no less than three people by the time you end up at the takeout counter. The greetings aren't forced - the crew seems they enjoy interacting with customers and operate as a well-oiled machine - a rarity these days. The pizza is delicious. We suggest ordering it a bit on the more well-done/crispy side - yummmm with a side of NYPD ranch. The hot wings (Hell's) are burn-your-nostrils hot. Hubs loves them, but I prefer the honey BBQ. Also, highly recommend the Soho salad that's served on top of their scrumptious pizza crust. Overall, it's a great meal at a good price from an incredible team!
4	We ordered delivery while watching a movie.  They were friendly and their quote of 45 minutes to an hour wait was accurate. Probably not my favorite pizza but it was good.  First time customer, and I will be back.
