4	Prompted by my recently purchased Groupon, I tried Savor Cafe.  I would have never known the restaurant was there and that the food would have been so good.  I had the shrimp and grits, a beer and an appetizer of pimento cheese and homemade potato chips.  The flavors were excellent, portions generous and staff attentive without hovering.  The dining room is small and it's hard to escape the fact that you are dining in a strip-mall location.  If you are looking for a fine dining experience, this is not the place.  If you are looking for excellent food and service in a friendly environment, I encourage you to go to Savor.  You may see me there as it is now on my favorites list for Charlotte.
4	Really good lunch and wonderful service.  The sandwiches and salads are fresh, sweet tea flows freely and the desserts (if you still have room) are amazing.  I can't wait to go again.
4	Best banana pudding in Charlotte!  Servers are friendly and southern, food is very good.  Be sure to ask about the specials, they often source these from King's farmers market.  They are also happy to share their secret ingredients on the banana pudding, salad dressing, etc.
4	We read about this place in the Observer and it sounded interesting so we marked it on our to do list.  Today we Did...and it lived up to it's reputation for excellent food and service.  I had the pulled BBQ chicken sandwich on onion bread while my wife enjoyed a Cobb salad.  I also selected the casserole of the day (squash) which was deep down southern in texture and flavor.  From beginning to end it was a beautiful experience....and while I am at it... I saved the end to last.  They are FAMOUS for their banana pudding, which happens to be my favorite dessert in the world.  I use my grandmother's recipe as the standard and few have ever come close.  While her pudding is A distant memory, my taste buds were awakened and declared this pudding to be worthy of my grandmother's kitchen.  Next time I may just start and end with the banana pudding....it's that good!
5	Wow...I was absolutely blown away by this little treasure on Morehead. Holy deliciousness, Savor Cafe!Let me first establish (my) rules for eating at Savor Cafe:1) You must save room and daily caloric intake for...       a) their house made strawberry lemonade (it's incredible)       b) their desserts...I practically licked the plate2) Take the server's suggestions - she didn't steer me wrong even onceSo, now that that's established here's what I devoured at Savor Cafe:1) Farmers sandwich: Big, thick slices of fresh mozzarella and tomato accompanied by fresh basil and set between two of the most delicious slices of herb topped focaccia I've ever tasted. This tasty sammie also came with a side of my choice...2) Mac 'n cheese: Sooooo rich and buttery I could only manage a few bites as I was making sure to save room for....3) Peanut Butter pie: OMG. An extremely generous portion of heaven on a plate. Creamy peanut butter pie (made with cream cheese) and a chocolate crust. For $5 this was out of control. YUM.Oh I will be back, Savor Cafe, I'm going to be back to your adorably appointed, sweet little cafe in absolutely no time flat.
5	What a great lunch spot! Small, quaint, hidden, but so darn good! Started off asking for lemonade, thinking I'd go with a lemonade/sweet tea mix, but when the waitress said they have strawberry lemonade, I said sure. Well from the first sip the entire experience was all UPHILL from there! Chalkboard displays the specials and desserts (which I'll get to soon...). A lot of great menu options, but I decided to go with the chicken & sausage gumbo. I was not disappointed, as it was excellent. Had to order a side to homemade kettle chips (secretly while the wife was in the bathroom...ha), and they were great and we both enjoyed them. Now for dessert...yep...peanut butter pie...it that good it deserved a picture so check out on the restaurant page. I look forward to many visits in the future!
1	Had the barbecue beef brisket special.  Not sure how they got all the flavor out of that meat, but it makes me wonder what they did with it.  The squash casserole was palatable, everything else (including the food on my partner's plate) was bland, textureless, lifeless.Probably not going back.
4	We hit Savor Cafe at lunchtime.  It was pretty packed so we were directed to the bar area.  We ordered the Chicken & Dumpling special and a Cobb Salad.  The Chicken & Dumplings were so good I couldn't stop myself to eat the salad.  The Cobb Salad ended up being dinner at home (which is never quite as good as eating at the restaurant).  I definitely will go back to try other things...including their banana pudding...not sure how I even got out of there without trying it!!  Our only downside, the service was a tad slow towards the end when we were needing to get our check.
5	YUMMY YUMMY IN MY TUMMY....another great lunch spot and this place is not a secret anymore it was packed.  I had the special a grouper sandwich on foccacia with veggie casserole it was fresh and delicious I didn't leave anything left on my plate.The menu is a nice selection of salads, sandwiches, and it looked like a few entrees I remember seeing meatloaf but not sure what else was on there... they had a few vegetarian items to choose from as well and once again I was way to full for dessert but they looked fantastic.  I can't wait to come back for dinner.
3	So my buddy/fellow foodie Tim and I decided to have lunch at Savor and it was pretty decent. We started off with the soul rolls(collard greens and smoked turkey spring rolls) with chili sauce, the rolls were small and thinner than regular spring rolls, they lacked flavor and turkey but the chili sauce was good. My entree was the pulled bbq chicken sandwich with cole slaw on an onion bun with a side of squash/zucchini casserole. The sandwich was ok, but there was something missing from the bbq sauce, it was more of a tomato sauce or something, not very good at all. Tim had the bbq chicken special and he noticed the same with the bbq sauce....tomatoish....if that's a word:-) Clearly, the star of our meal was the squash/zucchini casserole, it was quite tasty!  Unfortunately, there was not much to savor on this visit...........
4	This is a cute little neighborhood spot in Wesley Heights (When on earth is Yelp going to figure out it's right next to downtown, not Steele Creek, 8  miles south?) that did so well with their lunch service that they expanded to dinner service (Thurs-Sat) and also expanded their restaurant twofold to make room for a full bar. But the original section is cute with the brick walls and laid back decor.  It's a casual place to chill with friends.I wish I could give different ratings for the different meals, because I think it's a 5/5 for lunches, and 3/5 for dinners. Is the quality that much less at dinner, you ask? No, not substantially different, but the value is not as great at lunch.  Lunch offers everything from BBQ chicken sandwich to the delicious cajun spiced Adam Bomb burger to chile glazed salmon (my hub's fave) to good salads (I add med rare salmon on my salad) to their daily specials. The Daily Specials are around $10-12 and include a large main entree with sides and a strawberry lemonade and are a big meal for not a lot of $. Their homemade kettle chips are amazing!!  Their desserts are also awesome. Coca cola cake, mile high PB pie, fruit cobblers and their really good cookies if they have them. Get the cherry white chocolate chip one if they have it. Yum! Definitely a great, popular spot for lunch with fresh alternatives. Dinner, however, is pretty much the same food as lunch, avec shrimp and grits, pork tenderloin and other specials. I just haven't been blown away at dinner.  But the cost is $16-$26  per plate, so I have to really be craving something to pay that. I'd like to see the average dinner price be just under $20 so be a range of $13-21 and I'd go more often.  Service is always extremely friendly unlike its neighbor who shall remain nameless. I believe they are serving Saturday brunch but not Sunday, which is when I want it. They also cater, which is handy. I'd skip the hummus though.
4	Tucked into a little space on the side of a building (though it has recently doubled in size), this cafe in the shadow of uptown is the home of pure deliciousness served with a healthy dose of Southern charm.Throw your calorie budget out the window and just know the trade off for taste is worth it!  Now just where to begin?Easy: True homemade Strawberry lemonade.  Now I'm usually the guy who goes for water and lets the food speak for itself.  Luckily my wife is just the opposite, and I'm the better for it.  Real bits of mashed up berry with that tart of the lemon- its the perfect play-off between sweet and sour, but you'll easily want seconds, and thirds.  Luckily they serve this stuff by the pitcherfull- now if only they'd just drop off and leave the pitcher at my table!Dessert- Peanut Butter Pie.  Split an entree so you and a guest have room to try this.  Like others have said, it is lick the plate good.  Rich, creamy, and tons of PB flavor.  They also make a selection of a few other desserts everyday, you should give those a try too.  Butterscotch Bread Pudding?  Coca Cola cake?  Ridiculous good.There are usually a number of specials on the chalk board on the wall- go for these.  Their dinner best seller, sometimes a lunch special, is the sweet chili glazed salmon.  Crispy with a sweet glaze that goes perfectly with the fish.  Salmon can go really wrong, but this always leave me wanting seconds.  The horseradish mashed potatoes that go on the side are also pretty good.For lunch, I like almost all the sandwiches- The Farmers' Market is great- mozzarella and basil with fresh tomatoes drizzled with balsamic- a timeless combo that goes great between a couple thick slices of bread.  The Atom Bomb burger looks like it should have more kick than it does, could use some more spice for me.Most dishes come with a side- so let me rave over the black-eyes pea salad.  Not sure what the dressing/sauce is they mix with the peas, but it's, again, bowl-licking good.  Service is non-fussy and pretty fast.  Lunch can get a little crowded at the peak, but otherwise you should be able to get in and out without problems.  Not much of a parking lot, but plenty of parking up the side street, just watch the signage and don't block entrance to any of the other lots.  If you like independent spots with a little daring and just a bit of edge to make it interesting, this is your place.  Bravo to Savor!
5	I liked this place, the lunch was good, and a nice portion size.  The decorations are cute. It's a nice crowd and friendly staff that gave us suggestions on what to visit while in town.  I had the chicken salad sandwich and salad for like $10. I wish I had saved room for the pies that sounded delicious!
4	I went to lunch here with my new boss and new coworker and I absolutely loved it! The place is so quaint and cute inside...love the exposed brick walls. And the food was great as well...I got the salmon with the veggie casserole (on their specials list) and a side salad. Perfect sized portions for lunch. And the service was perfect as well.I would definitely come back here!
4	Somehow i never even knew this place existed, yet Wife P. had a Groupon so she suggested it for a takeout lunch. This is my second time eating in this little area in the past week (other visit to Pinky's). After checking out their online menu we called in our order and it was ready nearly Chinese fast food fast. We decided to order and split two sandwiches. We went with the Club and the meatloaf sandwich. Both were delicious with the winner being the meatloaf. Broccoli casserole and pimento cheese with chips for our sides. Both were delicious. For dessert, we ordered both the peanut butter pie and banana pudding. Both were delicious. A delicious lunch paired with the magic of Groupon (where it feels like free money even though you already paid something for it) made for a wonderful experience. It seemed like a cool space even though i just picked up a to go order. It will probably end up in the ever expanding we will return eatery options.
4	Save room save room save room for dessert!5 of us went and we all shared our food so everyone could taste different dishes.  My parents split the chicken cutlet. It was crispy on the outside and juicy and wonderful on the inside. I had the shrimp and grits.  Creamy grits, the stand your fork up in them kind,the shrimp was cooked to right consistency and very spicy. Fantastic! As for sides we all tried the Collards, macncheese, veg medley which had Brusselsprouts asparagus greenbeans carrots and sweetpotato. Yum. The pimento cheese appetizers is great to with the homemade chips. They brought more chips out too. Desserts were the best. Butterscotch bread pudding, Bing cherry and peach cobbler, banana pudding and mile high peanut butter pie.  ALL WERE VERY GOOD.  I have given 5 stars but the restaurant was cold and noisy.  Make reservations its a small place that fills up fast.
4	As previously mentioned, save room for dessert. The space is great - a good mix of table sizes and heights, bar seating, exposed brick, and the nicest staff. Also, although amidst the lunch rush my water was continually refilled, even if it was only two inches below the rim, amazing. After finishing my plate of the bbq chicken sandwich (very delicious, and a little messy) with pepperjack mac n cheese (fairly flavourless) and my friend clearing his plate of shrimp and grits (think he might have wanted to lick it clean) I was satisfied, but as we were getting the check he ordered the banana pudding... I have to say it wiped away every memory of that sorry side dish and created this whole new ideal in my mind for banana pudding (goodbye old vanilla wafer recipe). I would sit here and describe it but do yourself a favor - get in your car, and go eat one. I will be returning as a lot of other items on the menu sounded delicious, but I may just order three courses of dessert.
5	Excellent dining experience! Inspired menu with just the right amount of creative diversity. Entrees were freshly prepared and full of flavor. Desserts were sinfully rich and tasty. Service was attentive and pleasant.
3	This is a pretty solid lunch spot. They have a great "fresh" menu. Always have pretty good specials offered. I have had incredible food here, and I have also left here going "eh". So for me it has been hit or miss. Never terrible, but not consistently great either. Their sandwiches are great, oh and house made strawberry lemonade is a wonderful thing. I've had a bbq chicken special once and was not impressed with the sauce or chicken. Was kind of dry. Good lunch spot with co-workers, but be warned at peak lunch times it gets very crowded and loud. So if having a nice quiet discussion over lunch is your plan, don't come at peak hours. Service is always super friendly, never had bad service here once. Overall, more like a 3.5 stars. I will be back for sure.
5	Thanks to Groupon we decided to eat dinner here before the Charlotte Checkers Pink in the Rink game.  Not even a mile from the Panthers stadium and uptown, it's conveniently located without the hassle of being in uptown proper.  This was our first time here, but it was noticeable that the place recently expanded to accommodate more customers.  We sat on the original side, just outside the kitchen and were wowed by the smells while we had a beer and waited for a our food.  The menu is somewhat limited, but it's often good to stick to a few things and do them well.  That's what Savor Cafe does.I ordered a sirloin burger with swiss cheese and mushrooms.  It was a thick 8 ounce patty for about $8.  I'm not sure if the meat is ground in house, but it's well done.  And contrary to urban legend, it doesn't matter if the meat is ground in house - ALL ground beef in NC must be cooked to 155 degrees at restaurants.  You can't legally order a rare or even medium rare burger in NC. Contamination occurs in the actual grinding process, so it doesn't matter if it the meats ground 100 feet or 100 miles away.   The proof is here:  http://www.deh.enr.state.nc.us/ehs/images/rules/t15a-18a.26.pdf  Anyway, the burger was just how I like it: crispy on the outside, cooked through on the inside, flavorful, and not greasy (definitely not a fried burger - it had to have been grilled).  You can get a  kaiser or wheat bun.  I got the wheat bun which was toasted and absorbed some of the mess of the cheese.Onto the side - the vegetables. Too often I've gone to southern style diners where people have raved about their vegetables only to find out they're frozen or worse - from a can  - and taste awful.  Such is not the case at Savor.  There was fresh asparagus, green beans, carrots, and brussel sprouts in the mix.  They had little to no seasoning but still tasted great because they were fresh.The wife had the sweet chili glazed salmon which said was very moist and flavorful.  The horseradish mashed potatoes that came with it were awesome - fresh mashed potatoes with lumps, skin, and a kick of horseradish.  We got the Coca-Cola cake dessert.  It wasn't they type of Coca-Cola cake I had growing up but was still good.  It's easily enough for two and was a mixture of a brownie with nuts, devils food cake, and a little whipped cream with a hint of coffee.  It was good, but I'm not crazy about devils cake so I can't say it was awesome.The only thing I'd like to see added to Savor is some local beer to go with the local food.  There are 4 breweries in Charlotte with at least two more on the way, so it would be nice to see them carry them.  Right now, they only have bottles but at least they have Fat Tire.And one other thing - as good as Savor Cafe is, don't anybody go calling or emailing Guy Fieri about it.  I want to see them succeed but I don't want to wait an hour to enjoy it just because someone saw it on the Food Network.
5	This is probably the best kept secret in Charlotte. We have been here for both lunch and dinner and have never been disappointed. Everything is very fresh and made to order. The shrimp & grits are probably the best that I have had anywhere in the south. The desserts are absolutely incredible. Part of the secret ingredient here is that the chef is a Johnson & Wales instructor. Don't think twice about this place.
4	When I walked into Savor, I should have been overwhelmed by the abundance of colors, exposed brick walls and artwork but I felt totally at home! For I, like Savor, am funky.I've been curious about this place because everyone I've talked to has said how wonderful this place is and sadly, that leaves me skeptical about a place. Not one bad thing to say about it? Hmmm, Encyclopedia Brown I shall be and crack the case to see if they are right!Service was spot on and I loved the fresh flower at each table.I had the Pesto Chicken Salad Sandwich with a side of fruit. The sandwich was awesome--It wasn't drenched in mayo which was a welcome change and the pesto flavor wasn't too overpowering. It was just perfect. The fruit is cut fresh each morning and I wanted another bowl of it. I like how everything on their menu seemed fresh and not drowning in oil or fried. They also had a quite a bit of meatless options for our veggie friends out there.The only downside of my experience there? Betty Lou's Coca-Cola Chocolate Cake. it tasted very processed and was too rich for me. We couldn't even finish the second piece and neither of us wanted to take it home. I don't think I've ever passed up on a piece of cake in my life so this was quite depressing.
5	How many times have I driven by Savor, thinking in my head, I have to try this place.  Finally, I decide to drop by this week.  Savor could be one of my favorite restaurants, it covers all the bases.Fresh ingredients, homemade desserts, pleasant servers and reasonable prices, all wrapped up in a simple, creative setting. The menu consist of comfort food, soups, sandwiches, salads and most importantly, sweets.  Sweet.
2	Oh dear. I went to Savor with 5 other people- we all ordered different items to try from. 4 out of 6 meals were average to below average. I had the shrimp and grits. Very tasty (not the best shrimp and grits, but def. worth trying). The appetizers were tasty. They teased us- making us think that our main courses would be better. My friend ordered the saddest sandwhich that I have ever seen. It was limp. The presentation was terrible. We left the restaurant very disappointed. I don't foresee any of us going back.The ambiance is adorable. It sort of reminds me of a restaurant that you would find in Brooklyn. The chairs didn't really fit the style of the restaurant- but I kind of like that. I think sometimes Charlotte is too "perfect".It is gay friendly- always a plus.I doubt we will go back. It is out of the way for us and none of us were wow'd.
4	Another on the list of "Best" burger places in Charlotte.  Kind of hard to find if you aren't looking out for it, you can drive right by.  I stopped in for lunch on Saturday.  It wasn't very busy with about 4 or 5 other tables.  I ordered the burger with caramelized onion and a slice of Swiss cheese along with the standard setup of lettuce & tomato.  For my side I opted for the kettle chips  My food came out within a reasonable amount of time and the burger and chips looked tasty.  The burger was juicy and cooked to just a little over medium.  The kettle chips were crunchy and tasty.  The only thing that would make them better would be if they were hot and fresh from the fryer.  The burger had an OK flavor and they were kind of skimpy on the caramelized onions, but overall a good burger.  I'd usually have a beer with my lunch, but decided to skip it and have dessert instead as the ones listed looked very good.  My server was very good, keeping my glass filled.  For dessert I had the butterscotch bread pudding.  It was delicious and the reason for 4 stars instead of 3.  The portion size was huge, more than enough for 2 people to share.As far as best burger,   I probably wouldn't order the burger next time, but try some of the other entrees as they looked very good.  The excellent service and great desserts will bring me back though.
5	Wow delicious! I took Nicole's advice and went with the strawberry lemonade ...wow, talk about a great summer refreshment!They even offered me 2nd refill as I left (since I was getting carry-out) - proactive service- and friendly to boot! I didn't have time for a full meal so I went for a sandwich - (there are only three on the dinner menu) so they let me scope out lunch as well. I decided on the dinner mojo chicken sandwich based on recommendation.The sandwich was so flavorful! The marinade reminded me a lot of Speedy sauce (for those upstate New Yorkers). I didn't really taste the avocado in the spread but it was a great accompaniment no less. I had a veggie mix of brussell sprouts, carrots, and asparagus - all were roasted with a slight crunch : )...  I went to crisp the next day and it simply couldn't compete.  I will be back soon- as in maybe today !
5	Four stars no more!! Very rare is it that I find a place where I want to go once or twice a week but I feel fairly confident that Savor is now that place. And I figure this out close to when I am moving out of Charlotte-sadface. Three words: Farmers Market Sandwich. Mozzarella, tomato, fresh basil and balsamic. So simple, so delicious, so in my dreams tonight.
4	Stopped into Savor on a Friday afternoon with some co-workers for lunch.We arrived just a little after noon and dining room was crowded.  We were seated quickly at one of the two open tables and began perusing the menu.I chose the chicken salad sandwich with veggie casserole as my side.  One of my co-workers ordered the mojo chicken sandwich and the other ordered the egg roll appetizer as her entree.  Our food arrived fairly quickly (I don't believe it was more than 15 minutes).  I really enjoyed my chicken salad.  I am no fan of mayo and I was happy when my server had informed me that their salad did not use mayo.  The salad was accompanied by the veggie casserole.  I was happy to find the casserole was rather light with the veggies in a bechamel-type sauce with bread crumbs on top.  It was delicious.  My co-workers both enjoyed their meals as well.  We decided to order dessert in part, because of what I had heard on yelp regarding the peanut butter pie.  But along with the pie, we also got the blackberry-peach cobbler.  The cobbler, by far, was the supreme dessert that day.  The peanut butter pie looked pretty, but it just didn't match up to the fruity goodness of the cobbler.Service was excellent, and while the prices were a little on the high side, the quality justified the cost.  I'll be back!
4	How cute is this place? It used to be half the size it is now, I'm SO glad they were able to expand! Now they have a bar (with fountain sodas, yay no more cans!) and also a lot more dining space. I'm so pleased to see that this place has been so successful because the owner and staff are so awesome and hard working!Savor is a delicious and affordable place that's a little more 'gourmet' without the snobby attitude or stuffy atmosphere that sometimes  accompanies those types of restaurants.The wait staff is fantastic, we've always had the best service. Typically when I ask for a recommendation from the menu I brace myself for the "well, this one ::points:: is good/okay/fine." But all of their waitstaff seems very knowledgeable when it comes to their menu, the way dishes are prepared, and what you're most likely to swoon over according to your tastes.I don't think I've ever gotten anything I didn't like! I've had their burgers, meatloaf, almost all of their appetizers and over half of their dessert menu (the coca cola cake and, of course, peanut butter pie come highly recommended!). I've only been for dinner, but I've heard their lunch is great too. The only negative I could mention is that they have a bit of a quirk in their schedule. I've had a hard time remembering that they are closed on Sunday, and open for lunch only on Monday and Tuesday. **My favorite from this restaurant: Blue Cheese and Bacon Dip. Seriously. So. Good. I get it every time I go!
4	We loved our first visit to Savor. Had a late lunch and everyone enjoyed their food tremendously. I had a yummy Cuban sandwich that was correctly pressed on the right bread which is key. Light yet crusty. The rest of the group had the mojo chicken and club sandwiches and we all tried various sides to share including black eyed pea salad, tossed salad, coleslaw and the casserole of the day which was zucchini and squash and was just excellent. We shall return to savor more Savor!
5	We went to Savor last night for the first time, and it was absolutely fantastic! What a cute little place! I love their focus on local and seasonal foods, so I was really excited to try this place. I had one of the nightly specials, the NC red fish, with the vegetable medley (asparagus, green beans, carrots, and brussels sprouts). It was one of the better fish meals I've ever had at a restaurant, and veggies were perfection! My husband, who doesn't care for fish at all, wanted my dish instead! He got the porkchop over their succotash risotto, which was also really delicious. The other couple we were with each ordered the pan fried chicken and they really enjoyed it. We also each had a drink - bourbon and ginger for the hubs ($4 house liquors on Saturday night!) and a blackberry mojito for me - so tasty and refreshing! We then split the banana pudding dessert - amazing. Fantastic service as well. We will definitely be coming back here soon!!!
5	Hands down, this is the BEST place for good, fresh food! If I could eat here every day, I think I would! They make everything in house and they are very responsible about getting their food source locally (or not too far of distance away). We picked to eat here two weeks in a row...crave worthy. We got three of their specials: baby back ribs, pork, and trout. All the dishes were cooked to perfection! What I appreciated the most was that they paired the sides so well...from risotto to horseradish mashed potatoes, to a mixed couscous. I also ordered their shrimp, andouille sausage and grits...oh my gosh, the flavor was phenomenal! It's definitely comfort food and you'll want to stay and "savor" every bite. I absolutely loved their blackberry and peach cobbler with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top! My mouth is watering...is yours?! The coffee was great too. Beer selection was good and on the night we went they were all $2. Love the specials!The service is super friendly, yet not intrusive on your lovely dining experience. Even as we were leaving, one of the kitchen chefs was taking a break outside and he even greeted us. Just a great energy vibe...one stop here will make you a better person!
5	This place is great!  Although it's not in the best part of town and the building's exterior and interior could use a little renovation, I think it gives the place some character.  We didn't make reservations (and I'm not sure if they take them?), but we were just able to get in and get a table, but the place was definitely packed.  As we ordered and ate, I definitely found out why.  The food was absolutely incredible!  I ordered the Pork Chop over succotash and was tempted to order another as soon as I was done.  Despite how good my dish was, my wife ordered some type of Redfish entree that was even better.  Yeah, fish beats Pork for the first time in this guy's life.  I don't want to say it, but I think I have to... no I won't.  Ok, i'll say it - that was the best fish... wait no no no.... i won't say it.  Ok, here it goes: That was the best fish I have ever had.  I was born and raised on the coast of South Carolina.  I've been to Charleston, Hilton Head, Wilmington, all the way up to Jersey and New York, then aaallll the way west to San Francisco, LA, San Diego, then to the Bahamas, Mexico, Jamaica... and I've had many-a-fish perish in order to please my palate.  But no fish has ever pleased it like this one.  I don't know how they did it, but they did.For dessert, we shared the banana pudding.  I was worried that something so simple would prove to be a let down, but it wasn't.  it was delicious as well.  Service was solid.  We received our food in a very decent amount of time, and the waitress was very knowledgeable and attentive.  I give her 2 thumbs up and 4-5 stars.  So overall, I can't think of anything negative about my experience.  I would pick on the aesthetics of the place, but I think they're investing their money where it needs to be, in quality food and ingredients and good service.  Other places I've been to do this completely backwards and make me want to punch faces.I'll return, hopefully often.
4	Oh, Savor Cafe. I'd been hearing such great things about you but hadn't had a chance to stop in until a Friday night two weeks ago when my cousins were in town. Everything I'd heard was true - you have great southern style food at reasonable prices. On to the menu: 1. Drinks - get the strawberry lemonade. If you need an adult beverage, get the strawberry lemonade with vodka in it. Do not miss out on this deliciousness. 2. Dinner - on our table we had two orders of the pan fried pimento cheese chicken and one order of the chili salmon. Both were unbelievably good. And the horseradish mashed potatoes and collards (with smoked turkey instead of bacon for flavor) were also top notch. 3. Dessert - we went for a trio of desserts to share. The peanut butter pie (creamy and delectable), the cobbler with ice cream (quite good), and the banana pudding. Now, I am not much of a banana pudding fan, but OH.MY.GOODNESS. was it good. By far the best dessert of the three. And I'm a huge peanut butter pie fan, so that's saying a lot. Get the banana pudding. Just do it. Next time I'm in the mood for southern vittles, I'll be heading your way, Savor. Not low fat, but totally worth the splurge.
2	Just another restaurant in Charlotte with hype. I order the steak and it was horrible. I should have known, never order a steak if it's not a steak house. We also order the scallops and it was OK. Will go back to give it another taste.
4	The Soul Rolls appetizer are smoky collards and turkey which were different and very tasty. A n ice Thai Chili dipping sauce is greatly paired with them.  The shrimp and grits are not the heavier brown roux kind, yet a creamy version.   Me likey...lol.Tthe stone-ground grits tasted like polenta which is fine with me and the Andouille could have been a lil bit spicier for me. Shrimp were very nice size and deveined! You would not believe how some, even fine estbalishments, will not devein the shrimp. Ugh. Well, my BF had the Mojo chicken which he said was tasty, but not as flavorful for a Mojo Chicken. Dessert was mmmm good. LOL. We gobbled the still warm butterscotch bread pudding. Just the right texture and sweetness. We also had the Peanut Butter Pie which is not as dense as one would think. It was very creamy and right amount of peanut butter. Strawberry lemonade is very refreshing and homemade.Now it is a bit pricey, but you have to pay for appealing, good and fresh food. Gripes:   1.There is only one bathroom in the establishment which was fine for the time of the day (1:30p) we arrived, but could not imagine rush hour lunch. 2. Saw lots of black drinking straws floating in a bucket inside kitchen walkway. I pray they are not sanitizing and reusing the straws. Ugh.
4	While I lived around the corner from Savor, I can't believe I never wrote up a review. What was I thinking?!So what's to say that hasn't been said? A Southern restaurant serving up Pad thai? How can you not appreciate that? Friendly staff, excellent and I mean excellent burgers, amazing desserts, Savor cafe is a gem and one of the QC's finest. Take my advice. Take your visitors to triceratops totin' spot to show off C-town's hipness, then stop at Savor cafe on the way home for some good food.
3	It's "ok", but the flavors on many dishes are really lacking. The Adam Bomb burger for example has essentially no flavor whatsoever, and is nothing more than a patty on a bun with a tomato, flavorless cheese, and a completely bland aoili.... and it is $9 to boot. The ingredients seem fresh, but there is just no flavor in anything I tried on the three visits I made.Oh and I almost forgot, the wait staff needs improvement as well. I won't say they are terrible, but they are certainly not that great either. For example I ran out of water with the appetizer, but didn't get a refill until I was almost completely done with my entire meal. I will not be back here.
5	Tonight was my second visit to Savor.  they have doubled the size of the restaurant since my first visit, so that as exciting to see.  Dinner was beyond delicious, I had the red fish with butternut squash risotto.  this was by far the best fish I have ever had in my life!  Really, I am now wishing I had ordered one to go.  My daughter had shrimp and grits and said it was her favorite, hands down.  My husband ordered the meatloaf.  It was delicious, just beware it is spicy.   Very fresh ingredients and very pleasant wait staff.  Will definitely be back soon!
5	Great find.  Very unique menu. Wonderful staff, exceptional food and a hip decor all combine to make this one one of my favorite places. The menu is full of great dishes that are one of a kind takes on your favorites but I usually get side tracked with the specials. The attention to quality and freshness are very evident. The music is also very nice. Good tunes played at a level that you can hear the music but don't have to talk over it. The best place in town for a dinner date.
3	2.5 starsI wish I could leave a better rating for this restaurant, as I have the feeling that when they get things *right*, they're really right.  Unfortunately, they got about half of the things we ordered wrong.Let me start by saying that my plate was pretty delightful.  I tried the sweet chili salmon, which was well-spiced and sauced.  The asian veggies on the side were perfectly cooked and flavored, and the horseradish mashed potatoes had neither too much nor too little horseradish, which is no small feat to properly gage.  They could have been slightly warmer when they came out, and needed a touch more salt, but these are minor quibbles.The Fiance, alas, did not have as good a dining experience as I did. He ordered a cheeseburger with everything on it but mayo (which he does. not. like).  They brought a burger with nothing BUT mayo.  We couldn't find our waitress to correct the mistake, so finally had to flag down another waiter (who, by the way, acted most appropriately: when we asked if he could find our waitress, he instead asked what we needed.) so we could get some ketchup and mustard delivered on the side.  Fiance later said the burger, even disregarding the mayo mishap, was very bland and tasted as though the beef had not been seasoned at all.  He would not order it again.One side comes with the burgers - a fact not mentioned on the menu - so Fiance ordered the collards.  The collards here are made with smoked turkey instead of pork.  They were cooked well, but the flavor was lacking.  Not sure if that was due to the turkey, or just an absence of other seasoning in the pot?Portions were abundant; I took about half my potatoes and salmon home, along with Fiance's leftover collards. We were both too full but wanted to try the famed banana pudding, so got an order to go.Much later that night, we dug into the pudding.  Loved the marshmallow creme on top, but was most dismayed to find absolutely  zero vanilla wafers in the whole of the dish.  Since they're touted as being homemade and thus amazing, I was most looking forward to sampling that part of the dish.  Apparently, on this night, it was not to be.I have heard that Savor is a better deal, $-wise, for lunch, so we may give them another try if we happen to be in that part of town for a midday meal, but I'm afraid Fiance was too disappointed to want to try dinner again.  A shame, since I do think that, under different circumstances, we might have had a much better experience.
1	My co-workers and I did not have a great first experience at Savor Cafe. We stopped by for lunch on a weekday. We waited to be seated, and there were several open tables. We also waited over 45 minutes to get our food. The food was alright, but each meal had something wrong with it. Meal 1: The kettle chips were delicious, but they were cold. Meal 2: The Blue Cheese Dressing had NO flavor at all. Meal 3: The bottom bread on the sandwich was soggy like it had been sitting for a while. We also ordered the banana pudding for dessert. We checked Yelp while at the restaurant to see the reviews. Several people recommended the banana pudding. It was sub-par, and I was not particularly fond of the charred fluff on top. We will not be going back.
5	I finally got around to trying Savor, a year after it was first recommended to me. And I'm kicking myself for missing out on a year of good eats!Savor reminds me of a French bistro, in the purest sense of the word. The short menu is focused on high quality ingredients, combined in delicious, surprising ways. Horseradish mashed potatoes... salty sweet potato hash... and an amazing gin-and-strawberry-and-basil cocktail. I wouldn't call this Southern food, but many of the menu items have uniquely Southern touches, like the moist, rich, delectable Coca-Cola cake. Learn from my mistakes and put Savor at the top of your "to-try" list!
5	if you go in ask for tony as a server he is AMAZING! ive never had a bad dish at this place. delicious food. blue cheese dip is so good. burgers are outstanding. salads are delish. shrimp and grits are yum too. the desserts are out of this world!! try the peanut butter pie, coconut pineapple cake, bread pudding... all at one time..kidding but they are so delish!! this is an awesome spot with fabulous service and delicious food. try it! :)
5	Still drool worthy, always solid and super friendly service...this is Savor Cafe. In my past review I discussed the deliciousness in the mile high peanut butter pie, farmer's sandwich, strawberry lemonade and mac 'n cheese. Rest assured, these menu items are just as delightful today! But, it's worth noting the following...1) The addition (bar area) is excellent. More tables, both high tops and standard height and a really great looking bar. 2) That being said, there's a cocktail menu, now! And oh my is it tasty. The drinks are seasonal but super fresh and delightful. I had a berry mojito that was strong but really flavorful! 3) For a while, I only hit up Savor Cafe for lunch. I branched out and tried the salads - the Cobb is by far my favorite. Ridiculously fresh and packed with everything a Cobb should be!4) And then I started dropping by for an occasional dinner. Um, shrimp and grits, FTW! Creamy, dreamy cheese grits topped with magnanimous shrimp. And do yourself a favor and check out the dinner (and dessert specials). I've had a fantastic scallop dish with black rice followed by a mixed berry cobbler that was out of this world. 5) Lastly, if you ever see the coconut cake listed as a special dessert, get it. Get the whole cake. It rivals the best coconut cake I've ever had (in Charleston). Amazing. I salivate just thinking about it. Hungry? Go to Savor Cafe.
5	Shrimp & Grits....heaven in your mouth! Had a flashback to the best tasting Shrimp & Grits from good ol' Charleston, but way better. Can't miss.Pineapple Coconut Cake, pure bliss. Runs out as soon as it is announced. Get there early.Banana Pudding: You've never had a better version of this. Enough said.Cool Atmosphere, attentive caring staff.....recipe for success....these guys rock!
3	I love that this place is right next to my house and I haven't tried since I moved in.  I have seen all these wonderful reviews and I was making myself wait until i became tired of Pinky's.  So my friend and I went in, the place seemed pretty cool.  Pimento and chips for a starter sounded good and it was great.  I began to think to myself, this could be my new spot.  She listed off the specials and the shrimp po boy caught my ears and taste buds.  It came with a zucchini casserole which was awesome.  Unfortunately the shrimp po boy disappointed.  The shrimp was cooked very well, but it came on an ok roll, with lettuce, and barely any sauce.  It was just bland. I'm a fatty and didn't even finish my sandwich for how plain it was.  My friend's meal did look good though so maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.  I am thinking a redo needs to be in order.  It was going so well until my entree.
5	Savor Cafe is a weekly lunchtime destination for me. The food is delicious and the staff super friendly.My two go-to lunch menu items are the Cobb Salad (good sized, the model all Cobb salads should strive to be) and the Sweet Chili Glazed Salmon. For dinner... get the Shrimp and Grits. You're welcome in advance. You can also never go wrong with their daily specials.Make sure you save room for dessert. Five words that will change your life: Mile High Peanut Butter Pie. I have no will power so I usually add this at the last minute when I pick up my to go order. I find it's easier to justify getting it by telling myself "well you did order a fresh, healthy salad."Another must have is the strawberry lemonade. It's amazing. I avoid ordering it when I sit down to eat there, in fear I'll drink 12 and develop diabetes.We've also used Savor for catering here at ye old TV station. Always a great meal and satisfying experience all the way around. Great local business doing great things. Keep it up!
5	I would love to see the bar scene  here more vibrant .  Savor already has the perfect bartender, Toni, and amazing drink specials. There is no reason why the bar shouldnt be swarming with yuppies from the Wesley Heights, SouthEnd and 3rd ward neighborhoods! Savor only uses the freshest ingredients and their handcrafted cocktails are standout.Wed: Half price martini's (my fave is the St. Germain: Champagne and St. Germain)Sat: $4 House Drinks (keep in mind their "well" isnt bottom shelf)Thursday and Friday Savor offers wine and beer drink specials as well.
2	Had the salmon BLT, which was tasty but pretty small for the price.  Went with peanut butter pie for dessert.  Not a huge fan of it, I make better pb pie.  Overall the bill, with tip, was $25 :(
4	First of all, it is a disservice to this restaurant to identify it as "southern." Its menu definitely has a southern flare, but it includes items that I would identify as New American and Asian fusion for sure. So many great options on the menu, but I chose to combine two items: the grilled salmon with Asian teriyaki grilled vegetables along with the country ham and lima bean risotto. Both were absolutely incredible, and I found myself with a completely clean plate at the end of the experience. More than anything, I appreciated the casual and fun atmosphere. I sat at the bar with several other customers, we all talked throughout our meal, and Tony the bartender was outstanding. And, of course, the ingredients were locally grown. Keep up the good work, Savor!
5	I went to Savor yesterday with a few of my coworkers.  It was my first time there and let me say, where has this little GEM been hiding?!  Who knew?!The atmosphere is bright and lively!  The service is quick and friendly.  The food is different and delicious.  But what really stood out, what I couldn't stop looking at.... was the presentation of the food!  My gosh, I wanted everything!!!!  Salads, desserts, sandwiches.... they all looked mouthwatering.Not to mention they had a special for Horseradish Mashed Potatoes.  Give me anything with horseradish and I'm a happy camper.I will be back and ready to try more delicious things SOON!
5	This is one of the first places I ate at when I moved to Charlotte and after a year, it is still my favorite.  Some of my faves are: meatloaf, shrimp and grits and the blackberry-peach cobbler and the chocolate banana pudding is to die for! I'm not sure it is "southern" but just delicious.  There's something here for everyone and I've never brought someone here that didn't like their food or the atmosphere.
5	Wow! Found this place through Zagat's and Yelp. It's wonderful - foodie heaven. Nice, friendly decor, great food, pleasant, friendly service.He had the shrimp and sausage grits - delicious, beautiful to look at too. I had the meatloaf, which is often disappointing in a restaurant - but was absolutely wonderful. The portions were (to put it mildly) a little large - but we stepped up and managed it.The Banana Pudding truly lived up to its reputation as phenomenal. I really liked the meringue topping.Prices were good, food was great, service was charming. How can you lose?
4	Savor Cafe and Catering, located on West Morehead St., is a cute spot for a tasty lunch or dinner. I recently dined in for dinner and we enjoyed prompt and attentive, but not overbearing service - thumbs up! The shrimp & grits, pictured above, was one of the best items I tried. The meat loaf was also very good as was the famous banana pudding. The soul rolls were crispy but I didn't find them to be as noteworthy as I expected. It would be great if the chef created a variation on the standard chili sauce to go with these, as part of the disappointment was tasting a sauce that comes right out of a bottle. The pad thai was sweeter than usual and definitely a different take if you are used to the traditional Thai variety. On my next visit I would like to try the blue cheese and bacon dip and I look forward to trying the salads, lunch sandwiches and more desserts - in particular the mile high peanut butter pie and the cobbler, which changes daily! Savor is a great addition to West Morehead and I look forward to returning soon.
4	I'm a big fan of this restaurant.  Everything I've had there has been really good.  Whatever you get as a meal, be sure to get the Asian vegetables as a side.  Delicious!  Oh and Thursday night is half priced bottles of wine.
5	Add this restaurant to your restaurant rotation.  One word... Awesome.  My wife had the shrimp and grits.  Holy crap!  It was incredible.  Huge, perfectly cooked shrimp, tasty gravy, chunks of sausage, and cheese grits...  Mmmmmmmmmm.  I had the meatloaf.  I could not believe how large the portion size was.  I'm a big eater and it very much challenged me.  The meatloaf was great and the horseradish mashed potatoes sent it over the edge.  We will definitely be coming back.  Going to try the salmon and the pork chop next time.  Can't wait!Oh, yeah.  We had the banana pudding for dessert.  It was better than sex... well almost.  Please get this after your meal.  Because meal portion sizes are so large, only order one and share it.  I'd hate to create an obesity problem.  Savor, we love you!
5	This place is awesome!! I have gone @ least a dozen times..I bring out of town friends& family...the food is always so fresh & tasty...the staff is wonderful...BTW their bread pudding is out of this world.. #imhooked onsavor
4	This may be Southern Fusion, but not true Southern (try Dish for that!). GF has been here many times for lunch and loves it. First time for dinner:We both got the meatloaf, veggies and mash taters - excellent. 2 meals, beer, and wine - $35.
4	Love the menu options! Knowing they source locally, everything is fresh and always delicious. A quaint spot, that I need to enjoy more often. Don't forget to save room for dessert, all delish!
5	Wait staff friendly and pleasant. Food is excellent. Portion size is just right.Prices are very good. I went there for lunch, we need to go back in the evening for drinks and appetizers. YUM!
5	Great desserts, well priced food.
5	My wife and I have been eating at Savor since they opened. They catered our rehearsal dinner, and we live about a mile north of the restaurant. We simply love it here.We ate at Savor yesterday as a farewell dinner for my mother who had been in town for 11 days. My wife got the Mojo Chicken Sandwich, as well as the cheese grits (best in the city for her tastes). My mom got the ham/broccoli/cheddar quiche (loved it), and I got the special which was a turkey pastrami rueben with corn pudding (I'd have liked it with jalapeno's, but i'm being picky). The Rueben was delicious, and was heightened by the excellent marble rye from Golden Grains Bakery (which is, sadly, commercial only!). We took home the Mile High Peanut Butter Pie, which really should be illegal it's so good. This is a great place, and it deserves to be known as one of the better places to eat lunch/dinner in the city.
5	My wife and I found this amazing place yesterday.  We were looking for breakfast and almost left when we saw there was only a lunch menu.  The chef overheard an made us an incredible omelette & breakfast sandwich.  Very great people who are clearly passionate about making great food!  We are looking forward to coming back and eating something from the menu.
5	It's been a very long time since I was as pleasantly surprised with a dinner as I was with Savor. When we left Arkansas for Virginia, we stopped in Charlotte for a few days to visit with our families. One night while we were home, my in-laws took us out to dinner. They suggested Savor. I had never heard of it, but a quick glance at their menu online had my interest piqued.The restaurant is small, and it didn't help that half of the dining area was occupied with a rehearsal dinner. Luckily there was one table available. Once we were seated, our adorable waiter took drink orders. He was seriously adorable. Pretty eyes, pretty smile, nice arms in his tight black shirt...*ahem*Anyways... They had a nice selection of local beers, which is apparently the hot thing these days. I'm not a beer drinker, so I ordered a cocktail, the 'Southern Special-Tea'. It was a concoction of Firefly Sweet Tea Vodka, Southern Comfort, iced tea and freshly squeezed lemonade. It was absolutely delicious and the southern girl in me appreciates anything served out of a mason jar.Their menu was small, but impressive. It was difficult to choose a dish. Graham and his mom both ordered the meatloaf. My father in-law ordered one of their specials (a rib-eye) and I finally decided on the Cowboy Pork Chop over Country Ham & Succotash Risotto.Oh. My. God. This was absolutely phenomenal. The pork chop was tender and had amazing flavor, and the risotto was probably the best risotto I have ever, ever had. The flavor was phenomenal and I wanted about ten more plates of it to take home with me. The risotto is DEFINITELY something I'm going to have to recreate at home!The meatloaf that Graham and his mom ordered was just as fantastic. The portions were huge! The meatloaf was grilled and served with a tangy pepper relish and served with horseradish mashed potatoes and sauteed vegetables. Everything on that plate was delicious. The potatoes just had the hint of horseradish, and the vegetables were perfectly cooked. They still had a bite to them, and were well seasoned. But the meatloaf... oh man. Probably the best meatloaf I've ever had. It was so moist and flavorful.We were stuffed after finishing our meals, but having stared at their dessert menu all night made ordering something sweet a definite. Graham and I decided to split an order of the butterscotch bread pudding.I've never been a huge fan of bread pudding, but this was epic. The portion for this, like the rest of our food, was huge but I'm not embarrassed to say that we finished it all. The texture of this was amazing, and the flavors all worked so well together. We were generous and let the rest of our party have a bite, and they were equally impressed.This was a fantastic dinner, at a great, hidden spot in Charlotte. The West Side has never really been known for fine dining, but I'm happy to see that's starting to change. Our experience at Savor was wonderful. The food was amazing, the service was fantastic, and the portion sizes for the amount of money we spent was just awesome. I mean, that massive plate of meatloaf and sides that Graham ordered was $11.50! Crazytown!
5	Awesome food, service, and atmosphere!
5	Place was great. Very friendly staff. Everything Toni, our server, suggested was awesome. Got two of their daily specials, a grilled cheese, the Cuban, and the pimento cheese dip app.  We were stuffed after our meal but Toni made us try the banana pudding and I'm glad he did - again awesome. And let me clarify, he didn't make us buy it - he bought it for us. That's the kind of staff you need to have in a restaurant. He certainly made for a great and personal experience. I will definitely go back when I'm in Charlotte again.
5	Great place to try in charlotte.. Food is very diverse and good presentation... Very friendly staff and very helpful!!!
2	My most recent visit was the opposite of the amazing first visit.  My meatloaf entree on this visit had incredibly shrunk.   Like shrunk by half size.  The mashed potatoes were tasteless.  The meatloaf was so dry I got choked.  The fried okra was so tough that a human being would find it impossible to bite through.  We asked the waitress if management or cooks had changed.  She said no.  But portions were smaller, less tasty, and prices remained the same.
4	Finally made it for a dinner a while back. I had heard awesome reviews about this place and was excited to try. Great location in a cool, older building. I had the meatloaf which was some of the best I have had in Charlotte. Also had the banana pudding for dessert. Decent beer selection and a friendly staff make this a good go to for casual dinner. I'll be back for sure.
5	What can I say, I have never had a bad meal at Savor. Everything is a fresh as it gets, cool atmosphere, good service and simple yet amazing food. This is really my favorite low key spot to enjoy a nice meal.
4	I found this restaurant by looking at the list of top 25 restaurants in the Charlotte Magazine. We came in on a Fri afternoon, to a very busy restaurant. We were greeted and it took about 5-7 minutes to seat us. Considering the crowd, we ordered our drinks and food. The place looked clean. Menus were simple. (Mgt needs to hire another waitress.) The sweet tea was good. I ordered a Cuban pork sandwich with kettle chips. My wife ordered the salmon and mashed sweet potatoes. Food was tasty. Value too. Overall, a good (not great) experience. The blackberry and peach cobbler was really good!
4	We came in with a big party and they were already busy, but they made it work and asked whether we preferred to be split up and seated faster or wait longer for a table together. We chose the faster option and it seemed as though tables turned over pretty quickly. I ordered the meatloaf entree. They were out of the broccoli casserole I'd originally ordered, so the server offered me cheesy cauliflower. I asked for a side salad instead since I was already getting mac n cheese and they gave it to me with no upcharge. Overall, it was good food - little twists on very traditional, comforting fare. I was pretty excited to take home leftovers and eat them again. I had been here before for the mile high peanut butter pie and it was so good, I got it again to go. My coworker got the Coca Cola cake (mild chocolate flavor) though and regretted not going for the peanut butter or the peach blackberry crumble they had as a special.
4	I love this hidden gem.  It is just off the beaten path so it isn't overly bombarded.  I don't know much about the history of this restaurant but I know they kick out a good product and the name says it all...I wanted to savor every bite!I went with the chicken cutlet that was covered with pimento cheese and bacon.  It was pan fried and had a nice texture.  It was crispy but not all bread--it was a nice plump piece of chicken!  It came with 2 sides and this is where they lost me a bit...One was a root veggie "hash" so I was picturing more of a casserole style dish but instead it was diced up beets, sweet potatoes and some type of squash I believe.  IT was okay but I really only picked out the sweet potatoes.  The second item was what they call "drunken collards" and it was not good.  The server told us they were the "best" side on the menu and maybe I just came to realize I don't like collard greens but this dish was not for me.  It was very tart and it had bacon pieces mixed in but it still didn't cut it for me.  There were other sides to choose from so I wish I went in a different direction but that is just personal preference. Husband ordered the burger which was about as unadventurous as you can get but he thoroughly enjoyed it!  It was served with kettle chips that were also very good.I like the menu at Savor because they really have a good variety.  You can order fish, chicken, burgers, salads or pad thai!  They have homemade desserts that are divine!  I have tried the Coca Cola chocolate cake and it was absolutely wonderful.  It is super rich and they use the coca-cola to give it the nice fluffy texture.  It is not for the faint of heart.  You have to be in it to win it with this dessert but it is totally worth it!!The service is friendly and the atmosphere is intimate.  I would say almost a little too close for comfort on some of the seating arrangements.  I mean we were sitting RIGHT up on the people to our left and right.  I guess if Charlotte is going to keep trying to act like NYC then we have to get used to this type of seating.  :)Overall--great place, nice people, not an overly dramatic scene, easy, low key, affordable and so good.  I support them!
5	I came here because I saw it on Charlotte's top 25 places to eat in the magazine. I came for dessert only because I realized it was closer than I thought!!!  First off I really loved the decor when you walk in the room at a modern bright color decor and very clean. Then you walk in the other half it had a brick vintage look and was also very neat!  We ordered the Butterscotch breading & banana pudding after our waiter told us they are the best two in his opinion.  He said she makes them from scratch.  Let me tell you WOW was he right they were amazing!!!  I loved both of them equally.  If wondering which you should choose this might help.  The Banana pudding is cold and the Butterscotch breading pudding is hot and very rich!  Either way you cant go wrong. I honestly cant wait to go back and try the food and get more pudding!!! THIS IS A MUST GO PLACE IN CHARLOTTE!!
4	I don't thing I've ever had a bad meal here... Unfortunately for me, I'm always feel like I can have two of whatever thing I order to satisfy me. Their salads are delicious and their sandwiches are great, I particularly like their wedge with candied pecans or the Cuban sandwich.Here's where I'm gonna veer of from my norm: I'm not a desserts guy, but I would come here just for the caramel bread pudding.... It's crack on a plate. Their banana pudding has won awards as well... And their coca-cola cake is pretty darn good... Not many places can I say I love the desserts in Charlotte, but this is one of them.Service here is good and the ambiance is casual. It's a great place for lunch.
4	Visited with clients for an evening out.  Two of us ordered the meatloaf, one ordered salmon, and the other the chicken.   Everything was prepared exceptionally and they did not skimp on portion-size, either.  Even though it was a slow evening for them,  our waitress allowed us plenty of time to converse and enjoy the evening.   We'll be back!   One note:  I wish their wine list was more extensive.
4	Wonderful lunch with my son.  Our server Maggie is fantastic. I had the mojo chicken and Brandon had the special flank steak salad (special today)   amazing spot!
3	I have eaten here numerous times & the food is usually pretty good. HOWEVER, yesterday was a bad experience. I walked in the door & waited 5 minutes, not one person even acknowledged my existence. My friend walked in to join me. We waited another few minutes, nothing. Yes, they were busy but I made eye contact with at least 4 servers & not one of them greeted me. That came across as very rude. We left & walked to Picante where we got served immediately. Will I ever go back to Savor? It's doubtful. I work hard for my money, if they don't want my business there's hundreds of other restaurants that do. Savor, your food is pretty good but your customer service needs some serious attention!
5	Great service and delicious food. I had a burger with blue cheese and a side of the kettle chips. I give the food 4 out of 5. The strawberry lemonade was good, too. The service and atmosphere put this place at a 5. Light and airy but still cozy.
5	Excellent service, food delicious and quiet atmosphere. I had the seared & cracked peppered salmon B.L.T. on Focaccia bread...Amazinnng!!! Great for a date, catch up with friends or even a quick bite to eat before heading uptown.
