5	Goodfood is everything I expected, exciting food, great atmosphere and intimate attention to detail. Off course I have come to expect the best from eating at Barrington's. Two Moffet restaurants now, What could be better? I will say the asian slant on the menu surprised me. The servings are small enough to allow you to try an assortment of items. I recommend the green curry mussels, and the pork belly steamed buns. We had a few of the pasta dishes and they are were all wonderful.
3	My wife and I went to Good Food a few weeks ago and had a nice experience. We didn't have reservations but were able to saddle up at the bar, grab a beer and take in the atmosphere before siting down. The bar area has a good vibe, elegant but casual, and a few people were eating dinner at the bar. We ordered an appetizer and enjoyed catching up and doing a little people watching. After a 20 minute wait, we were seated for dinner. Good Food is predominantly small plate style (though you can get a full portion of most of the entirees) with a varied, but relatively small menu. In my opinion, Rooster's on Morrison is the standard in Charlotte when it comes to American-style tapas and Chef Jim Noble has perfected that, in my opinion. But each of the items we had at Good Food, were just that, very good. The oyster appetizer is excellent (though it might have been a special and not on the regular menu). I also had the beef short rib entree (which was also a special) - very tender and great flavor. The potato gratin side was extremely rich but was extremely tasty! Our dinner for two with 3 cocktails (total) was about $75 including tip.We will definitely go back.
5	I had the chance to dine there in March and I would have to say we had one of the most wonderful dining experiences!! I am a HUGE fan of Barringtons so I was just waiting for Good Food to open and it didn't disappoint!!As soon as we walked in we were warmly welcomed!! We went to the bar and yes we closed out with our bartender...what an interesting concept (kidding)!! On our walk to our table my friends and I couldn't help but look at all the food on everyone's tables!! It only got us wanting everything on the menu and that is basically what we did!!The decor i thought was perfect! All the iron work was done locally by a man named Caesar. The exposed brick was gorgeous. It was warm, inviting, and fun!! Yes it was a little noisy but it was perfect when out with old friends and you don't feel like everyone around you can hear EVERYTHING your talking about.We started out with the marinated olives the best I've ever had!! The chilled shrimp with white bean salad, Foie Gras (served cold but just right), The green curry mussels (Barringtons are still #1) all very good not a bad thing on the table!!Moved onto the sweet potato gnocchi paired perfectly with the bacon and apples with sage. The beef short ribs with crispy polenta was cooked perfectly along with the quail sandwich with truffle mashed potatoes (yum) and then finished off potato gratin, swiss chard, and squash risotto fritters.The standouts of the evening were the steamed buns and the wild mushroom ravioli with english peas and truffle oil. I could have them everyday!! We just sat there wishing there was more!! I also have to give credit to the bartender my Margarita(s) was a very generous size and very tasty thanks!!All in all we had one of the best nights out in Charlotte, dining that is and I would only say that its only going to get better!! I LOVE "Good Food" and that is exactly what we got!!
2	I had very high expecations for Good Food. I have been a longtime fan of Bruce Barrington's and it's such a hotspot. I agree with Courtney- the decor was definitely urban and chic and I loved it. It reminded me of a Denver vibe, and I liked the layout and ability to see the kitchen and prep areas.  But alas, the food left a bit to be desired. I had the gnocchetti, which the waitress said was the #1 thing on the menu. I was encouraged by the use of brussel sprouts but the taste of the sauce just was a little funky, too heavy and it was over-parmesaned.  We also had the braised short rib and the quality and texture of meat reminded me of the kind you'd find in Progresso soup. The ginger dressing on the salad was a bit bitter and the falafel was forgettable and a bit mushy in the middle.  The only dish we enjoyed were the wild mushrooms- delicious!  In the end, we walked away quite disappointed and not even hopeful enough that we would get a decent dessert so we skipped it, which we NEVER do. I'm disappointed to give a bad review. :( For the money, I'd go across the street to Andrew Blair's. I guess I just need to go back to Barringtons for the real deal.
4	I have visited GFOM four times.  I love the food, I think it is a little expensive.  Our check average was $66 without tip.  So, be prepared if you are one of those people that love to graze and order everything your heart desires!  Tonight I tried the pork bun and it was delicious.  I sometimes get hooked on an item in a restaurant and this is one of those times.  The pork bun was dripping with natural juices from the pork and hoisin sauce and then you would get a crisp bite from pickled veggies.  It was served on a cute little square cutting board, I would lift the cutting board to my mouth so it wouldn't drip down my chin.  YUMMY!One complaint is they do not do separate checks, which in this day and time with computers, it's so much easier.  If you haven't been to GFOM, strap your wallet on and go have a great meal!
5	I went to Good Food with the belief that I would find it overrated.  I thought it would be overpriced and pretentious.  I was so pleasantly surprised.  The food and service was outstanding.  Three of us ordered a cheese plate; potato gnocchetti; mussels in curry sauce; garganali Italian sausage; potato gratin; and steamed bun.  The truffle chutney was outstanding with the cheese.  Gnocchetti was sumptuous with excellent sauce.  We were surprised at how good the Italian sausage was -- it was the favorite for two of us, while the gnocchetti was the favorite for the third of our party, followed closely by the rich and bacon filled potato gratin.  The steamed bun was a pleasant surprise. The server was engaging and knowledgeable.  The wine list was exciting and eclectic.  Try as I might, I cannot say that Good Food on Montford is anything but outstanding.
5	I try to give every restaurant a "3 strikes you're out" before settling on an opinion.  I've eaten at Good Food 4 times.  I've found it to be very consistent and the service is stellar.They have a great wine selection and I was told the manager is a wine expert (possibly a sommelier...?) to boot.  The servers here seem to very knowledgable, as well.  Some of my favorite dishes (so far) are the butternut squash soup, seared scallop w/ pumpkin risotto (yum!), the steamed bun pork belly, and the garganelli which features house made italian sausage.  They don't take reservations, so I prefer to go on a week night.  Can't wait to go back!
4	A place where you go to savor each bite.  Delicious small plates, seriously small-2-4 bites per dish.  The dishes are each very different, and exquisitely prepared.  It feels like a special occasion every time we go! If you like really good food and tapas, this is your spot.  If you are starving, go a few doors down to the roasting company.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte!  Fantastic food - favorite is the mussels.  Great wine menu!  Love the atmosphere - cozy and always crowded but not too loud.  LOVE this place!!!
4	I was taken to GFOM as a belated birthday dinner and was very impressed all around: My friend and I went on a weekend night fully expecting a bit of a wait. We were told that we could sit at the bar while we waited. Once seated it was clear that a bit of ageism was going on as we watched the bartender skip over us 20 something's right on to the older crowd. Once we did get her attention we each had a glass of the delicious Prosecco. Thankfully the wait wasn't too long and we were seated within a half-hour.Once seated we ordered more vino (hey it was a celebration after all) this time opting for an incredible red which unfortunately neither my friend nor I remember the name of : (To start we decided to share two small plates. The first,  a scallop dish - which was better than average but was a bit heavy on the dill. The second, was pure heaven! The Lobster Fettuccine  was SO delicious we both raved about it throughout the night. The sauce was perfect!. We then decided to split a large plate - I believe it was the Sea Bass. The fish dish was very good- although not quite Fettuccine caliber! At the end of the night our polite server brought  out a dessert in honor of my birthday. It was a chocolate cupcake-esque treat that both of us were unable to eat much of because we were already so full. Overall the atmosphere was very cool. The large windows let a lot of light in giving it an airy modern feel. It became very intimate and cozy once the sun set. This would be a very impressive first date - or as in my case a great place for a birthday celebration with a close friend!I look forward to returning !
5	My husband and I had dinner at GFOM last night and I have to say it was the best dinner we've ever had in Charlotte. I have lamented the lack of imagination and complex flavors at most restaurants in Charlotte. Our dishes were sublime. Highly recommend the lamb tangine and gnoccetti. And the fennel soup. Actually, everything we ordered was fantastic. I wouldn't change a thing. Our server was not overbearing, but made sure we had what we needed. What's more, the place doesn't have an ounce of pretension--unlike so many other restaurants in Charlotte. Bruce and Kelly Moffat know how to tantalize your taste buds. I'm going to find it hard to eat anywhere else.
3	I would recommend this restaurant to a group of girls in a second, if there is a male involved another venue should be considered.  The food, atmosphere and drinks are all great.  But the portions are TINY.  If you order the scallops you receive one scallop.  The shrimp are two shrimp.  The presentation is superb, and everything is very, very tasty.  Luckily a co-worker recommended that I might want to "pre-eat" before going - a great decision that probably saved me from dropping way to much money or leaving hungry.  Braswell's next door is a great stop for post-dinner drinks, it has a nice outside that is always packed on weekends.
5	I love GFOM almost as much as I love sister restaurant Barrington's!  Ate here again last night w/friends from out of town.  We ate sooo much food and everything was great, some better than others but it was agreed that every item was delicious.We started with the cheese plate, artichoke salad, bruschetta with heirloom tomatoes and eggplant which was probably my favorite from the 1st round because it was new to me, but also because it was just so fresh and the tomoatoes so flavorful.Next round was falafel, mushrooms, steamed bun, gnochetti and lamb tagine.  In all of my visits I have never had the lamb so it was probably tops for me in this round, but all the others were still just as good as I've had them in the past.Then finally we finished up with the scallops, mussels and fried chicken.  Fried chicken was the stand out, it was so light and not greasy at all and the vinegar slaw it came with was very tasty.Too full for dessert, we just sat and chatted for a while with some wine.  The restaurant was full when we arrived so we sat at the bar to wait which I enjoy so I told them we wouldn't wait for a table to open up and we'd be happy to eat there.I didn't see the check because my guests were kind enough to treat me, but I believe it was somewhere in the $100 range.  Each of us left completely full, we waited long enough in between rounds so we gave ourselves some breathing room and didn't leave feeling sicky full. I think GFOM is one of my staples is CLT and I find myself there every few weeks and always when I have visitors and since I didn't get to try all the newest menu items last night, I'll def be back soon!!
5	Soo I wasn't kidding when I said I'd be back soon.  Went in w/one of my sisters and a friend who is also a big fan and he hadn't been in months.Got there super early (5:40) because my friend and I had stopped at Cantina for margarita's at 4:30 and just waited for my sister to get out of work.  We were the first ones there so we just sat at the bar.  Soon after other tables started to trickle in.Started off with drinks.  I am not traditionally a gin drinker, but I had this great gin cocktail at Otto in NYC last year and I drank so many of them, but I can never recall what exactly is in it.  So I told the bartender what I think was in it and she tried to recreate it for me.  It wasn't the same but it was good, and she even chose to squeeze fresh limes into it instead of lime juice, nice touch!  The others had martini and wine.Started with the heirloom tomato brushetta because I hadn't stopped thinking about it from last Friday, still just a fresh and light as I remembered.  We also had the cheese plate and a bit later the grilled artichokes.  Both dishes were as great as usual. I really am obsessed with the blue cheese and the fig jam they put on the cheese plate.We waited a bit and just chatted and had some wine before our next course.  I wanted to try the tortellini that is a new addition to the menu.  It comes with 5 and its served over swiss chard and I believe there was some red pepper in it, but I didn't think it was spicy and I am super sensitive to spice.  It was really good, and had a nice salty flavor to is, I guess from the swiss chard?  My sister also got the falafel but I passed as I am just not a big falafel lover.We waited even longer to order entrees.  I was drinking some really good sparkling red wine, lambrusco or something like that.  It was really refreshing and light.  I usually don't drink reds in the summer because its hot enough and red wines tend to make me feel warmer.  But this was a nice alternative.When we finally ordered I was debating between the snapper and the pork chop.  I love fish but snapper has never been my fave so I was skeptical and went with the pork.  Great choice!  It was served with the bone but the other pieces were all sliced, and his had figs and a gruyere panini.  The pork was extremely moist and tender and the sauce (can't rememeber what it was) was perfect to dip the meat in, or take a piece of fig with it.  I ate the panini in 2 pieces because the cheese looked to be cooked onto both sides of it.  I think I could have thrown some pork one and it would have made one delicious little sandwich.The others had the fried chicken.  I didn't try any but did swipe a bite of the celery slaw off my sisters plate.  They both seemed to enjoy.  Sadly I was too full againf or dessert, and its a shame because I could smell the peach/blueberry cobbler cooking (I asked) and it smelled like buttery heaven!!I had yet another wonderful meal at Good Food.  Not sure how soon I'll be back as I've noticed I have been eating out a lot lately.  But its good to know that I can expect great things on a future visit.Oh only tiny issue is the a/c situation.  Sometimes it would feel really comfortable and others you would get like a rush of heat, it was strange.  But next time I will also remember not to wear a heavy cardigan!!
4	I was driving around thinking about what i was going to eat when i stumbled upon this place, and I'm so glad i did. The food is simply amazing and the staff is pretty cool themselves. While there I had the gazpacho with avocado and crab salad and the potatoes gnocchi with bacon, brussels sprouts and chess (I know it may sound strange but you have to try it). I love the food and they laid back atmosphere, in other woods a nice date spot. On the other hand it can be a little pricey if your not paying attention but its worth the price. I will be back with no hesitations, I like this place and strongly recommend it.
5	Literally, one of the best meals I've had in Charlotte.  We went on a Friday night at 8pm, and since no reservations were accepted, there was quite a wait, FYI.  Given the quality of the food, it was well worth it.  I'll discuss the dishes we had, in descending order of "Best" to "Still Very Good." The star of the evening was the pork bun.  WOW!  The pork was seasoned impeccably, the bun was soft and fluffy and the garnishments were spot-on.  We ate it in silence, so that we could savor every bite without distraction.  Really, it was the best thing I have eaten in months.  The next best dish were the mussels. I couldn't get enough of the green curry sauce, and I agree with other reviewers who have complained about the lack of bread: with broth that good, two slices of pita won't cut it.  Baguettes for the broth, please!Next, the Moroccan lamb dish.  Again, the seasoning was just spot-on.  The dish had wonderful spices (anise?) and fruit that all worked perfectly together.  If the other dishes hadn't been so good, I would have left the restaurant raving about this one.  Last place (but by no means bad) was the gnocchini.  Very good, just too rich for me.  If you like carbonara dishes, then this is for you.  My two cents, however, is that heavy cream-based dishes all kind of taste the same (i.e. quite delicious) everywhere, so it is worth your dollar and while to enjoy the other, more refined, dishes at a restaurant of this caliber.So, GFOM gets my highest endorsement and will likely be my #1 recommendation for anyone visiting Charlotte.  I just wish there were more places like it.  Continue on.
5	Without doubt the best meal I've had in Charlotte to date.  I had all the dishes recommended by the many Yelp reviewers - the mussels, the lamb tagine, the pork bun - and each one vied for first place.  That Pork Bun.  I put it in caps for a reason.  That is a dish worth traveling for.  I feel like going back and ordering four of them.  Right now.After we left, we were dissecting the meal, and my wife said that the Gnocchini was her least favorite of the dishes we ordered.  I responded, "me too, but I really liked it."Bottom line is that everything they make appears to be incredible.I enjoyed the restaurant's interior as well.  It's very nicely decorated, and personally, I think it transports you to an experience that could be happening in New York, Chicago, etc.  Not that being in those places would be better, it's just that GFOM puts off a very cosmopolitan vibe.If there was a single low note to our visit, it was that our candle went out, and our waitress forgot our request for a lit one. (does that sound high maintenance?!?!  I hope not.  I really like a candle at the table in a dark restaurant.)  It was understandable, as the place was crazy busy.  We swiped a lit candle from a neighboring table when they left and it was all good from that point on.
5	I was here the Monday before Xmas and then again for NYE.  Everything as always was fabulous.  I cannot speak highly enough about the flounder with root vegetable cake, almonds, golden raisins & curry beurre blanc.  I would drink the broth, bathe in it, do all sorts of obscene things, its that good!!  I tried the crispy quail lettuce wrap for the 1st time and it was another stand out, wish I had tried it sooner.  Ramen and gnocchetti were both as good as always.  There was a lot of other deliciousness consumed as well but I won't list everything.  For dessert I need to talk about the freaking amazing pear skillet cake served with avocado ice cream and salted caramel.  OMG this was unreal and I had it both times and could have done w/o having to share!!  Needless to say GFOM is still holding strong as one of my faves in Charlotte and definitely contributed to my holiday weight gain.  But damn it was worth it!!
4	If you like tappas then this is the place for you. I recommend literally trying everything on the menu. The quality and flavors of the food are unreal. The atmosphere is super hip and relaxing and the service is great.
5	I love Good Food!  This place is great all around and usually pretty busy which is always a good sign.  It's a great place to go and order several tapas entree's to share.  The Price Edward Island mussels in green curry, coconut milk & cilantro are one of my absolute favorites.  Dipping some of the dinner bread in the curry sauce is the way to go.  I could eat this everyday I think!The braised lamb tagine with Moroccan spices & dried fruit is quite the treat as well.  It really doesn't sound that great but it's very tender and encompasses just the right amount of fruit and spices.  Can't wait to go back!
4	In the top 5 best restaurants in Charlotte. A couple of stumbles on my visit kept them from getting 5 stars, but you can sense they are typically great. Also, a couple of flavor profiles did not deliver like I thought they would.The Good: - First, the restaurant. Incredibly cozy, perfect lighting, ambiance, all the touches in here are amazing. A lot of thought went into aesthetics and it shows. From the curb appeal to the restrooms, it's well thought out and well done. I probably would have put a knee wall between the lower tables and the bar height tables, but I did get to check out a lot of shoes. - The menu, very well thought out, covers a wide range of both techniques and origins of products. The only thing missing for me was more shrimp or other crustaceans - Lettuce wraps very well balanced, great flavors, perfect - Smoked Salmon just right blend of oil, capers, seasoning. The egg mixture was ridiculously awesome - Steamed bun in thought was very cool. The bread was perfect. I was expecting a bigger flavor experience though. The veggies gave a nice crunch but almost negated the softness of the bread.  Cool item (maybe being a little picky). - Carbonara great flavor, but was looking for raw egg yolk. - Ramen was beautiful and tasty, although a little light in flavor given the bbq pork.  I added a little salt and it ate very well.The Bad: - Service, our was not engaging at all, but we could see others had much better service. Hostess was much more attentive to us than our server. This was the biggest disappointment. - Goat cheese and pear salad. The salad was really small but the mixed greens were really big with just a smidgen of pair. Ate poorly and struggled to get all ingredients in every bite.  Micro greens would have been much better.- Falafel, my 4th time having a falafel and by far the worst. The Greek yogurt had so much cilantro it killed everything else. Did not enjoy - Chocolate dessert (can't remember name) was too gritty. Texture was not enjoyable. We will go back again and again, but will make sure to get a better server. We saw the great ones, it just wasn't ours. I would also just go back, drink a glass of wine and soak up the ambiance; truly awesome.
5	finally made it to good food, and oh my goodness, so amazing. our group of five made a decent dent in the menu. nothing was bad, but some was definitely better than others. of course everything is plated beautifully and you almost hesitate to take your first bite, almost. favourites: charcuterie plate (mostly due to the liver mousse), cheese plate, mussels, steamed bun, ramen, large salmon plategood, but not as good: smoked salmon (the dill creme fraiche was lacking in the dill department, and other departments), bruschetta (just kind of fell flat)plates that were cleaned but never got to try myself: falafel, scallopschiming in with the other reviewers, yes, the PEI mussels are uh-may-zing. although you almost think its going to be a really thick broth with the curry and coconut milk decription, it really is the same consistency as when you order mussels in their cooking broth elsewhere, which is great. light, flavourful, another round please?for dessert we tried the cupcake and the cobbler. the cupcake sounded fairly uninteresting on paper (i wanted to try the pear dessert with the avocado ice cream, but that's for another trip) but was fairly good. moist cake, nice s'more meringue topping, you can't really go wrong. the cobbler was... divine. all of the staff was very nice, our party's arrival time was a bit staggered but everyone was accommodating. the service was great, love the lighting and the coziness.. if given the opportunity I feel like I could spend a whole evening here with friends (or family), although loud and lively at times still very comfortable and enjoyable.can't wait to return!
4	Third time's a charm for Good Food! Yes, we've tried to eat here twice before and both times the wait was astronomical (2 hours, 1 hr 45 min). So, that's the first tip for everyone - the folks at Good Food do not take reservations, um, ever, I think?But onto the evening, inside GFOM is simple, understated yet elegant. There's a pretty and low key bar, a fair number of tables and wonderful staff. Hubs and I were seated within minutes and tried a sampling of dishes. Before I get to the eats, I will concur with others - I think the plates (small and large) are a bit on the pricey side. So, perhaps it's not the most fiscally responsible move to head here when you're super hungry as the portions are small. Food time...Mixed green salad: 4/5: A lovely salad, delicious and light with baby parsnips, cranberries and hazelnuts. Super light and a perfect way to start the feeding.Smoked Salmon: 5/5: I don't even really like (or order) smoked salmon and I loved this dish. The fresh, smoked salmon with egg, potato & capers with dill creme fraiche was a perfect blend of flavors. The little chippers were great! Seared Scallop w/risotto: 3/5: My lease favorite of the dishes as I was expecting more complex flavor. While the items reads beautifully, butternut squash risotto, shaved fennel & bacon, my scallop (there were 2 on the plate) was quite undercooked and lacked depth. Steamed Bun: 4/5: Nom worthy. It's been a long time since I've had a steamed pork bun of this caliber. The five spice rubbed pork belly was perfectly tender yet crispy on the edges and I loved the hoisin & pickled vegetables.Baked Cavatappi: 3/5: A good baked pasta dish w/fresh, gooey mozzarella. Coming from a family of very talented Italian cooks, I wasn't wowed by the sauce but I did really love the Italian sausage mixed in. Pork tenderloin (the only large plate we ordered): 3/5: The pork tenderloin was perfectly cooked and intense with smokey flavor yet the fried mac 'n cheese triangles were underwhelming. I didn't taste much cheese! Pumpkin Bread Pudding: 5/5: Drool. Sometimes I'm hesitant to order bread pudding because I get so disappointed when it turns out all French toast like. But this bread pudding was moist, bursting with delectable pumpkin flavor and topped with a gorgeous sliver of pumpkin seed brittle and some of the most delicious cheesecake ice cream I've had. Get it. Since the menu is eclectic and certainly inspired, I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more good food from GFOM!
4	Finally checked out Good Food and it was Good! I love the inside of the place...the exposed brick, dark setting and lively with conversation amongst the tables. Menu is set up with apps, small plates and large plates and meant to be shared like tapas. Ordered 2 apps(Mixed Green & Salmon), 3 small plates (Scallops, Steamed Bun, Cavatappi) and 1 large plate (pork tenderloin) for the two of us. All food comes out as soon as it's ready, so if you want it delivered in a specific order, space out your ordering. Service is spot on and you'll see multiple friendly faces at your table. My favorites were the Salmon, Scallop & Pork Tenderloin. Least favorite was the Steamed Bun, though this seems to be the most popular dish as I saw about 20 of them leave the kitchen while we were eating. We ended the meal with the bread pudding...so good, and the cheesecake ice cream was a perfect addition. Definitely a place I'll return with family and friends! Great date place too! Expect to wait 1 hour + on weekends during peak times as they do not take reservations. Go on a Wed or Thurs and your 7pm arrival will be greeted with a quick table!
5	I LOVE this place! It's really GREAT food.  The menu changes regularly and I love it when they use locally sourced food. It's a great date place, GNO (girls night out), and one of my go-to restaurants when I want to impress a friend from out of town.
5	Should be called Mouthgasm on Montford.  Thats all I got.
5	Best Tapas in Charlotte, nice restaurant and interior decor sets a good ambience. A little more space and less romantic than the sister restaurant Barringtons but still the same quality ingredients and excellent value for money dining. Highly recommended Don't judge a book by it's cover, this is fine dining and excellent value for money even if it doesn't look fancy from the outside.
5	Excellent, though potentially pricey.Looks like the small plates craze is still going strong in Charlotte. This place is packed with ladies on a night out, but its good for anyone for a craving for delicious food.We waltzed in on a Tuesday night at about 6pm - there was only about one other table of people. My coworkers joked that once again I had brought them to a place where no one else eats, but by the time we left, the place was just about packed.Ambiance is good - a bit dark but we sat by the windows. Nice warm feeling. We tried a bunch of dishes - our favorites were the much acclaimed pork bun, a big bowl of mussels in a green curry, and a fettucine dish. We also tried a charcuterie plate - the chicken liver pate was good but the meats were mediocre. I'm not sure if they make their own meats, if they do, they should look for a different supplier. Not horrible, just not interesting. Scallops over butternut squash risotto was good. I felt the dish was excellent but I guess its hard to make an interesting scallop dish. Pork tenderloin was juicy and had a nice smoky taste. The accompanying fried mac and cheese was tasty - its mac and cheese with a crunchy exterior. Once its on  the plate, its like any other mac and cheese.No problem on the bread service - our waitress brought several rounds of bread for us to sop up the green curry sauce.We ended with two deserts, a cobbler and a pear tart with avocado ice cream. The cobbler was traditional and delicious with vanilla ice cream. The tart was so so and the avocado ice cream was very avocadoish, which is I suppose a good thing.I would have liked to have seen some lower priced wine, but the selection was interesting and we had a delicious bottle of pinot noir. The cocktails were also decently crafted.
5	Wow! Even after the good reviews here, I was still surprised at how great food was. I had the edamame soup, pommes frites, and steamed pork bun with a glass of '06 Nebbiolo, and it was complete bliss. I'll be coming back when I'm in town!!
4	Would you go back? Yes.Pleasantly surprised by this nondescript, trendy if somewhat casual, restaurant.
5	What a GREAT find.  The food was wonderful!  The service was great.  We did get a bad bottle of red wine, but they quickly brought another.   I think i could have tried everything on the menu and it would have been excellent.  We tried Falafel, Steamed Bun, Chicken with Chick Peas and Avacado ice cream with pear cake.  OMG...
5	I seriously can't think of a thing wrong here....so yeah....5 stars! Ok, so maybe I wish it was closer to uptown so it could provide better views? Doesn't matter, the food, the service and the interior of this place more than make up for it.  I went here with my girlfriend for a late night dinner and was immediately impressed with the decor when I first walked in.  It wasn't overly crowded but we were also there late on a Monday night.  I love the unique lighting fixtures that utilize spoons and forks as decoration.  The bar is a stainless steel top which gives the place a bit of an industrial feel too.  Then to offset the cold industrial feel, you have the right amount of lighting to warm it up along with the wood ceilings with accent reveals to give it even more contrast.  Architecturally I am in love.  The service was fantastic, very polite, very attentive, knew the menu very well and made us feel like we were the only ones there.We finished the night out on the patio with a glass of wine and although the view isn't one that will ooh and ahh, so to speak, the furniture is very comfortable and somewhere I could see myself spending a few hours easily.Do yourself a favor, if you like tapas style food, pay this place a visit.  They don't call it Good Food on Montford for nothing!
5	I officially found my favorite restaurant in Charlotte..and it's not because the services is good...although it is.and it's not because the atmosphere is cozy and relaxing...although it is.But it's really because the food is just incredible - mmmm factor every time- better yet, with every dish! Someone mentioned that the mussels in curry sauce was drinkable ...yes it is! Ask for more bread to really soak it all up - that makes it!The other dish I loved was the duck fettuccine - holy deliciousness. Flavors melded to perfection. The pork bun ....aaaaamazing. I am not a huge pork person but the hoisin sauce mixed with the pickled veggies - deeelish. and just in case I wasn't completely in bliss my dessert sent me over the top, pear cake with avocado ice cream and salted caramel - I know it sounds odd but just get it!Wish drinks were more reasonably priced and the checks splittable ( yes I had to write out each cost for 7 people- not just what they had....really ?) .... but the food is so delicious it would be a shame not to give this place 5 stars! This place is a party in my mouth!
5	Wow it feels good to give a 5 star review after a pretty bad streak.  As close to perfect that any restaurant has come in Charlotte.  The only downfall is that most likely you will be waiting for a while.  Luckily it was just dinner for 2 this night, and we immediately found a pair of seats at the bar.  The service was amazing and I think I would sit there again even if there was space in the dining room.  The star of the night was the steamed bun.  The pork was crisp, juicy, soft, and sweet all at the same time.  The green curry mussels came in a close second for me.  Two of the other dishes we ordered I would classify as "just good" - the falafels and the cavatappi.  I think the steamed bun and mussels set the bar too high.  We had a chicken dish that we didn't care for the flavor of, can't recall the name or how it was described.  I (solely, wife refused to participate) had the pot de creme for dessert.  Outstanding.  Not overly sweet so the true flavors shine.  Perfect dinner.
5	I had an absolutely amazing birthday dinner here.  I had never visited before but I will be sure to be back!  Here is my breakdown...The service was great.  We were immediately greeted when we walked in and brought to a table.  Our server was attentive and the food orders all came out correctly.  We also had some great champagne and wine.  Honestly, what really makes this restaurant have the "wow factor" is the food.  It was so delicious.  The scallops we ordered were tender and flavorful.  The mussels had a unique but awesome taste - definitely keep extra bread on hand for dipping in the leftover sauce.  Even my birthday cake slice was fantastic!I wish the restaurant was a tad bigger but it has a cozy feel.  However, on the weekends when it gets busy, there isn't much room to wait for a table.   Even so, I would highly recommend this restaurant.  I'm impressed with Good Food on Montford!
5	Get the mussels. Get the mussels. Get the mussels.I love mussels and it's always about the sauce that they are cooked in. I love dipping bread into the garlic sauce. Good Food has done a great job of making their mussels unique with a coconut curry sauce. Not only did I ask for more bread to dip in it,  but if no one was around I would have drank what was left in the bowl. Not a fan of  mussels the rest of their food was also great and the service even better. The foie gras & chicken liver mousse was the best I've had in Charlotte. However, I could have done without everything else it came with. I'll definately be back in the near future.
5	Hooray for yelp!  I would never have never found this restaurant without the awesome recommendations of my fellow yelpers.The decor is chic/elegant and sports a very nice full service bar.  The mussels were nothing short of spectacular with a delicious curry/coconut sauce that was reminiscent of a delicious Tom Kha Kai Soup. You will want to drink it when the mussels are gone... trust me.The Moroccan Spiced Chicken Confit was also amazing.  The dish is served in a miniature Tagine and the tender and delicious chicken with a wonderfully crispy skin is served on top of a delicious bed of chick peas, apricots, and candied lemon zest. I can't wait to get back to Charlotte to try some of the other dishes here!
4	I found Good Food through the high recommendations on Yelp, and I'm so glad I did! We usually go to Montford for the nightlife, but I was so glad to find this restaurant tucked onto one of our favorite streets.The restaurant is chic and inviting, we were greeted almost instantly and only had to wait about 5 minutes while they set a table for us. While the beer and wine-by-the-glass lists were not huge, they were definitely very good for what we wanted. We decided to do tapas instead of ordering plates for ourselves, and even then, we had a hard time choosing between all of the small plates. We went with the cheese platter, the mussels in the coconut curry and the Morrocan Spiced Chicken Confit. The cheeses were each paired with a sauce; honeycomb, truffle or chutney to spread on a piece of toast to really bring out the flavor. As many other people have said, the mussels and chicken were both amazing. The chef clearly has a way of playing with flavors, and each of the dishes tasted like nothing I've ever had before. I had a great evening here and will be sure to go back again! I high recommend Good Food.
4	Good stuff
4	I've lived in Washington DC for the past 8 years and, honestly, Charlotte is not one of those cities I immediately think of as a "foodie" town. This is my third visit to Charlotte, and every meal I have eaten there has been nothing short of amazing. On a recent weekend trip, a good friend recommended we try out her favorite restaurant, Good Food. When we arrived, we were told the wait for a party of four was 2 hours. Ouch. But, we were had planned on hanging at the bar for a while, and it really gave us the chance to get nice and hungry for the meal.Our group was all about trying lots of different things on the menu, and honestly, at some point, I think I lost track of what we ate. The cheese platter was an awesome way to start the meal -- all three (four?) cheeses were a big hit. As everyone has said, the mussels are to die for. There was more than a little bread dipping happening in the broth. The smell of truffle oil throughout the restaurant was overwhelming, so we had to indulge. Every calorie was well worth it. I personally had requested we order the braised duck fettuccine. I only wish I had some idea as to how that was made, because I could easily make that my last meal. But, the real show stopper... the mushrooms. Oh god. I want to drive the seven hours to get them just writing this. Nothing will ever replace the sentimental value of my grandmother's mushrooms, but these were out of this world. A beautiful smoky flavor with a complex stock and butter flavoring dancing with fresh herbs -- oregano, we believe? Yum, yum and yum.Good Food is definitely on my I'll be back list. A full 5 stars would have happened if they would take reservations. My one and only negative comment about this fantastic place.
4	Why don't I come here more often? Good Food on Montford was just what the doctor ordered for a light dinner and movie at Park Terrace. There are a variety of small plates and large plates, so hungry men don't fret--you will not starve to death at this fine establishment. We made the right move by eating here on a Wed. night and avoided a massive wait. The weekends here get packed a la Soul Gastrolounge. Please take my word and order the American farmhouse cheese plate. I love the accompaniments of honeycomb and truffle chutney. Just DIVINE. The smoked salmon small plate was also a treat. I loved the egg bits mixed in. Smoky and salty loveliness. My top pick is the braised duck fettuccine with pancetta bits. So creamy and sinful tasting, but in a small dish so it's ok! Wow. The prices can be a little up there depending on what you order. Bonus- free bread with excellent olive oil is served. A really great experience!
4	Steam bun is very good. It's a must try.  I think it's their take on peking duck except that it is served with pork belly instead of duck.  The steam bun is a bit bigger than your average soft taco stuffed with slices of 5 spice seasoned pork belly, hoison sauce and pickled veggies.  It had a good balance of sweet, sour and salty.  The staff is attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.  I also tried smoked salmon.  It was pretty good too, but I've had better.  I wanted to try their mussels, but it was sold out for the evening.
5	THIS IS MY 200th REVIEW! I went here after work for an early dinner and was blown away by the quality of the food. This place should be called GREAT Food on Montford! It is an unassuming brick building with a cool, cozy decor on the inside, almost like a Colorado or California tavern - can't figure it out, but it works well! The people watching (ok, the hot ladies) were very nice to look at while eating. The staff was spot on about the food and drinks. I will be back!! Loved this place! Great place for a date too!
5	Thanks to yelp, we went to this place since it was close to south park mall. What a good find! From the outside it is like a hidden gem. Inside we were promptly greeted and seated. Our waitress was helpful and told us what to expect with small plates and large plates. We ordered the green mussels, scallops, morracan chicken and the chilled noodles for small plates. Everything was delicious, the mussels and the scallops were the best in my option but I'm biased since I love seafood. The mussels were cooked perfectly, although they did have sand in them. Scallops also were perfectly cooked. The chilled noodles came out next and it reminded me of Asian style noodles served cold. There was just enough pork to give it some flavor. The moracan chicken was lightly fried and served with chickpeas under it. A bit sweet but still delicious. We chose the  Grouper for the large plate. It is served with new England chowder. The grouper itself was cooked just right and tasted great. The chowder however was extremely salty. We finished it regardless. For dessert, we chose the upside down peach With vanilla ice cream, it was a great mixture of flavors in my mouth. The sweetness was just right and the cake was so soft moist with a slice of peach on top. we savored every bite. Delicious in every culinary sense.We will be back!
5	Fantastic!  Good Food is in my top 5 favorite places.
5	This place is a 10.  A perfect date night if you are comfortable enough to share a few small plates after seeing a movie at the Park Road Movie Theater.This place really over-delivers.  The service is impeccable, and the food is divine.Understated, Charming, Warm.  This place is really a rare find in Charlotte.All of this raving, but I must warn you -- this place is not cheap.  But you definitely get what you pay for.I recommend sitting at the bar!
3	heard excellent things about this place. I real Had high expectations.......omg ordered 4 small plates 2 drinks spent over 70 dollars left hungry but wasn't as amazing as I thought it would be.we came to eat a busy time so it took quite awhile to get our food plus there was a table of business men, VIPs I guess, because they had food brought constantly and the wine flowing and we sat and sat before we were acknowledged. I understand it happens but it still makes me feel crappy. Any who, maybe I need to give it a second go around since obviously it has great ratings.....maybe I just have bad luck.
4	This place was awesome!! The atmosphere is intimate and stylish, yet casual. It was perfect for walking in on a relaxing Friday night. As we settled in, our waitress informed us it was perfectly acceptable to order courses two at a time, or however we wanted. Cool.For our first round, we got the cheese plate and the charcuterie. The cheese plate was great: nice selection of cheeses and interesting accompaniments like fresh honeycomb and truffle chutney. The charcuterie was more okay: it came with speck (kind of like fancy bologna, meh), saucisson (a step up from Pepperidge Farm) and an awesome fois gras and chicken liver mousse. Would love to see some other meats like sopprassata on this in the future.Next we took a trip to Asia with the steamed bun and cold noodles. The five-spice-rubbed pork bun was packed with flavor and a nicely textured bun on the outside. It may have been a tad heavy on the hoisin, but we enjoyed it nonetheless. The cold noodles were an awesomely unique combination of braised pork, pickled watermelon, cashews and sesame dressing--a nice chefy take on a traditional dish.By the time we finished this, we were stuffed, even though we wanted to order more. Loved the concept and the execution here. Only criticism: every time we laid our forks down, a waiter appeared and tried to snatch our plates away. It made us feel extremely rushed, but I guess it was Friday night at dinner time.Can't wait to go back!
5	i love coming here. the food is outstanding! i also love that they do not take reservations......i sometimes go here and there on a whim and reservations do not work for me. we just sit at the bar.....btw it is very comfortable and spacious so your not all up in someone's business elbowing while you eat. this place is definately one of the top 10 in charlotte,nc.
4	I decided to dine at Good Food on Montford for my birthday.  2 reasons: it's highly recommended (look at all these 5 stars!) and it's on Montford, which makes post-dinner drinking easier since we could just walk up & down the street.  NOTE: parking is limited.  You may as well just look for a spot on the street.  DO NOT park in another lot or you risk being towed.Considering that I have been disappointed by so many highly recommended places, I was trying to keep my expectation low all day.  We called at 5:30 (they open for dinner only) to make RSVP for 7 people.  My bf & I arrived earlier than expected and they already had our table ready.  The place is tiny but it feels warm and intimate.  Overall I like the decor & atmosphere.Because I was there with my closest friends, I didn't pay much attention to service since we were occupied with conversations.  It was a little slow at times, took a while to be able to order our wine after we asked for a minute to look at the options.  They could have brought the bread out earlier since we didn't get to order food right away.  But overall it was fine.  We were having too much fun to mind the wait.Now the food... I am glad to announce there was no disappointment!  With a table full of foodies, we just forked each other plates.  Food are served tapas style, with the exception of the few larger plate items.  Here are my thoughts on some of the items:Steam bun: Reminds me of chinese sweet pork steam bun at dim sum places.  It was very delicious.  Well executed item but it's a little pricey.  The surprise hit item of the night.Beef carpaccio: It was fresh and served with a small side of arugula & shaved parm.  Not the most flavorful item.Falafel: The only item I say you shall skip.  It's not crispy and fluffy like it should be.  The consistency resembled play-doh... not exactly appealing as a food item.Broccoli soup: Very delicious and sizable.  I'm a soup freak and I loved it.PEI mussels: Everyone swore by this item and we love seafood.  The sauce was indeed fabulous.  It's a nice change from the typical white wine or tomato sauce.  The coconut and curry and cilantro were perfect together.  It's of good portion as well.  Duck fettuccine: Not at all what I thought it would be.  The sauce threw me off a little, it's more tomato than creme.  The duck was a little tough.  It was good, but not as great as I hope.Crispy quail lettuce wrap: More like quail served on a bed of lettuce.  Don't get me wrong, the little birdie tasted fabulous, but it's not as elaborate as it sounds.Chilled noodles: light and tasty.  One of the more filling dishes.Seared scallops: Good, solid dish.  Not sure what it was served on, I thought it was risotto.  I had a little bite so I couldn't tell for sure.Pomme frites: I'm not a big fan of fancy french fries.  It tasted good, but not sure if it's $6 good.  My friends said the truffle oil was a bit strong on the top. Pork Tenderloin: It tasted good... but I felt like something was missing... not sure what.  The pork was tasty and moist.  The polenta was good.  Pot de Creme: For someone who doesn't really eat much chocolate or sweet, this is a good dessert to have.  Not too heavy, enough chocolate taste but also a good hint of expresso.  Warm cobbler with vanilla ice cream:  Very cute presentation, since it's in an individual baking dish. WHEW!!!  I felt that I need to review all these items.  The food overall was excellent.  I see why everyone raved about this place.  Now I'm freaking hungry!
5	Its not named Good Food on Montford for just the warm bread at a table. This place knows how to BRING IT! The small plates are fun and packed with a good food punch. The duck fettucini was AMAZING! The service was fantastic and very friendly. No reservations are taken, first come first serve so either go early or don't go when your on full B mode because you are so hungry. The place is small and fills up quickly but so worth every wait if you do. Enjoy~
5	They should change the name to GREAT Food on Montford.  I was surprised that such a small tucked away place could be so wonderful, but this really is a hidden gem.  Food was SPECTACULAR.  I had the broccoli soup and the mussels, tried a few of the truffle fries, and shared the cupcake for dessert.  Each dish was masterfully prepared; I couldn't find a flaw.  The wine list was also good, and the bread they served to start the meal was delicious.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone, and can't wait to go back.  It's #1 on Yelp for a reason, you won't be disappointed!
4	This place is everything all of the other reviewers are saying. Small, intimate, good service and amazing food! The cocktails are good too...am hooked on their espresso martini! :)My boyfriend and I just moved to Charlotte in July from Boston and have been trying to get here ever since as we've been told this is one of the best restaurants in the area. There is usually a pretty long wait for a table if you come at peak times, so with a group it was hard to get in.We decided to go by ourselves one night and grabbed seats at the Chefs counter by the bar. Highly recommended! It was a cool experience. We chatted with the owner/Chef and received excellent recommendations.Ultimately this place deserves 5 stars, but Ive only been here once. Before I give it complete perfection I need to make sure its consistent. ;)
5	Good Food on Montford wasn't just good.  It was AMAZING!!!  Like in big, bold letters with lots of underlining and specialized font.My hubby and I went there for a romantic yet chill dinner, and this place didn't disappoint.  It's got a trendy, dark, cool ambiance with lots of candles.  We were promptly seated at one of the cute high tops and had an awesome waitress.Started off with the pumpkin mixed drink - and this is my only complaint really.  It was a little thick and hard to suck up the straw.  And the glass was FILLED with ice, which kept plunking in my face.  No so sexy.But all of the food we ordered was divine!  The concept is small plates, like tapas. We got the butternut squash soup (which they thoughtfully divided up for us into two bowls rather than letting us make asses of ourselves passing the bowl back and forth) which was very sweet, dessert-like is what my hubby said.  The pork belly sandwich was great - not quite as amazing as what others had written, but still fabulous.  The scallops were INCREDIBLE!  I typically don't like scallops, but if they were typically prepared like this, I would ALWAYS order them!  They were fluffy and light, prepared with an incredible risotto like side dish.  Our final dinner plate was the garganelli, which was by far my favorite.  It was a little spicy, just enough for a kick.  The sausage was incredible!We couldn't pass up on dessert.  I had a chocolate-espresso pot de creme - fabulously rich in a great way.  I had a tough time finishing it though.  It's a little heavy, but not in a fudge way where you can feel it from the first bite.  You think you can finish the whole thing, but then the heaviness slowly sneaks up on you.  Or maybe I just ate too much in general.  Hubby had the pumpkin cake, which was quite delish too.  Can't comment on the cheesecake ice cream as I'm not a fan of cheesecake, but judging on how he ate all of his dessert without barely offering to share, I think he was quite happy.All in all, yummy, fabulous place for a date night.  Although I saw some groups of friends who seemed to be having a good time too.
5	Charcuterie, Foie Gras & Chicken liver mousse. Pork bun!
4	Loved it.  I only refrain from 5 stars because I'm spoiled when it comes to food and 5 means perfection to me.  Had the shortribs and was totally in love, the cauliflower gratin that it was on top of was such a wonderful flavor combo with the shortribs! Squash soup was awesome.  The fried chicken was just ok.  Loved the feel of the restaurant, warm, understated and focused on good food.  Service was fabulous and will totally be back!
5	I went here last week and I am going back tomorrow. I was thinking about it all weekend.  I know, I'm a little obssessed with food.  But that's why you should trust me when I tell you - Good Food on Montford is delicious.It gets very crowded.  They do not take reservations, which is kind of awesome because you just go when you want to go - just be prepared to wait. The decor is unpretentious - dim warm lights, some high tables in the bar area. Not too casual and not too dressy. Not too romantic, but still a little intimate. Honestly - a great date spot or a good place to go with family or friends.  The bar is large enough to comfortably eat at.The drink menu had some interesting and delicious cocktails. I had a pomegrante grapefruit margarita and it was wonderful.  Then they brought a wine menu.  They encourage you to try the wine - and when you make up your mind, they do a seriously heavy pour - the kind of pour you wish restaurants always did - the pour you give yourself when you open a bottle of wine at home.They serve this delicous crusty bread with virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar - the olive oil has a fresh and distinct delicious taste of real virgin olive oil - they invest in the good stuff.The menu doesn't cater to one particular type of cuisine. They have such breadth and depth in their menu - whether its pasta dishes, lamb belly, pomme frites with truffle oil and parmesan or my absolute favorite - the pork bun.  Everything was exectuted perfectly.  The pasta dish was a tad bit salty, but still delicious. It is a great place to go to share so you can try more than one thing on the menu.We did not have dessert - we were too full.  but every single thing we ordered was fabulous.  It isn't inexpensive, but you feel you got what you paid for when you leave.  A completely wonderful dining experience.  I will go here again and again.
5	My boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner and I was in food heaven!  This fusion American tapas restaurant offered tremendous taste in bite sized portions.  The portions are small but the fun of eating here is trying a bit of everything.  We had the following:1) American Farmhouse Cheeses:  The cheese and jam pairing are pretty dead on.  Wonderful combinations.  Small portions go a long way- remember to savor each bite.2) Charcuterie: The foie gras was wonderful on the toasted bread.  I'm not a huge fan of sausages, but my boyfriend liked the dish enough to finish it.3) Butternut Squash Soup:  This dish was very sweet.  I loved it, but my boyfriend was not a huge fan.  Dip your bread in the soup- it's magnificent!4) Steamed Bun- What a WINNER!  This one combines the perfect mix of Asian and American delicacies into an explosive dish.  Definitely try this one! 5) Garganelli- Probably not worth $10.  This dish is just fancy bowl of noodles- though fairly tasty, I'm sure it's something you can get elsewhere for cheaper.6) Cupcake- Meringue top with chocolate cake.  It's not a birthday celebration without dessert.  This one wasn't too sweet and was the perfect wrap-up of a wonderful meal.Definitely worth a visit (or ten).  The prices can really add up so be prepared to shell out some bling.  Clean restrooms, magnificent decor, extremely friendly waitstaff- A++!
5	Great reputation that is well deserved.... fabulous food... gotta try the fries and anything else the server says.... "Oh yeah.... it's killer"
3	NOT A PLACE FOR THOSE WITH DIETARY CONCERNS!!First let me say, if I were basing my rating on my opinion alone, it would be 4 stars.  However, I didn't experience this restaurant alone; I was with my gluten/dairy-free (and practically vegetarian) wife.  There was NOTHING on the menu for her to eat.  When we spoke to the wait-staff about our predicament and requested something very simple (e.g., sauteed vegetables or something like that), the persons response was...sorry but, no.  So, I'm giving this restaurant a lower rating solely on the fact that I believe a "gourmet" place like this should be able to accommodate simple requests.  To make matters worse, the wait-person actually said to us, that next time we come, we should call ahead (around 2 or 3pm) and mention our needs to the chef.  Yeah....right.By the way, I had the pork tenderloin with polenta.  Superb is an understatement.
5	We visited GFoM, based solely on the yelp rating, while visiting Charlotte between Christmas and New Year's weekends.  All I can say is, wow.  It's not the best-looking restaurant I've ever been to, it was kind of loud (on a VERY busy Thursday night), and parking was a challenge.  But - the food was spectacular, the service was impeccable, and the wines were divine.  The concept of simple fusion foods served on small plates works to perfection here, and I can honestly say that this was the best restaurant experience my wife and I have had in the past 5 years.  The dishes themselves were obviously well thought-out, and the fact that they were as good as they were, on a very busy night, speaks volumes about the skills of the kitchen team.  The dishes are pared down to the necessary elements, which tells me that a lot of thought went into the menu shoices and recipes.  Nothing excessive or unnecessary was added - just the food.  Perfection on a small plate!We were sufficiently impressed that we swung by on our way out of town on New Years Eve, around 6 pm.  Even better, if that's possible!  Tammy, the bartender, was fabulous, and her recommendations were spot-on.As a sidenote to Jason S's review - I've read this review several times, and I just don't think it's a fair assessment.  If you know that your wife has multiple special needs when it comes to food, would it not be part of normal planning and preparation to verify in advance that a restaurant can accomodate her needs?  To expect that they can just 'whip up' something special (off-menu) on a moment's notice is naive, at best.  It's a restaurant, not your mom and dad's kitchen...
5	Good Food on Montford really is!  The menu offers great Americanized Tapas, perfect size, really, really good.  We went on a Thursday night and the place was slammin' - lots of fun and a great vibe.Re: Jason S. review:  I respect a restaurant that knows what it's good at and makes only that.  To ask a restaurant to change their menu to remove gluten, dairy and meat, and then give them a lower rating because they won't is little silly.  I also would probably have given it 4 stars, but I am upping it to 5 to counter that review.
4	Delicious but a tad pricey but hey.. it's Tapas. Love the gnocchi. My favorite dish. Must have!They use to have fois gras but they discontinued it. That was delicious. It just melts in your mouth. I could indulge in that all day. Desserts are delicious and scrumptious.Small and cozy place. Very intimate setting. More for couples or small groups.Staff is nice and welcoming.Highly recommend if you do have the extra money to splurge because it is well worth it.
5	I have never eaten a thing there that I wouldn't eat again and again and again.  The quail wrapped in lettuce was succulent... The mussels sweet...the braised duck with pasta and pancetta was unbelievable.... Go hungry...2 people can share 4-5 small plates...   I am a "tastings" junkie and Good Food is my crack!!!
5	I can live in Charlotte now that I know about this restaurant.  Everything on the menu sounded good and was very reasonably priced, but we limited ourselves to 1. delicious cheese plate with munster, chevre, and blue accompanied by fig paste, chutney, and local honey,  2. perfectly seared scallops over sweet potato risotto, 3. homemade pasta with divine tomato sauce and homemade chorizo.  Three dishes to share were the perfect amount for two normal sized people.  Great ambiance, service, prices, food, and beer on tap.  We will be back.
5	To start, id have to sum it up with one word....Spectacular. I went with five other adults and we looked at the menu over and over hoping to find something. Everything looked like it would be small and we were not getting it. The waitress schooled us once we told her what we were thinking and it was down hill from there.....We ordered a few apps for the table and they were amazing. We then proceeded to order a few different dishes EACH and not one person at the table had a negative word to utter. I couldn't believe what I was tasting. Each bite was almost orgasmic....almost. I loved this place. We tried it because we heard that the chef/owner also owns Barringtons which we also rate as a place to go. Check this place out if you get a chance but plan to wait because they don't take reservations unless six or more people.
3	Good Food has ammazzzzing food! I can not gush about how awesome everything we ordered! From the scallops to the mussels there was nothing more a girls night out could ask for.The only problem we came across was the staff. We had a party of 5 in which two of the girls were running late, as it is on a busy Saturday night there was a wait in which the gentleman at the door told us 45 minutes. When the large party before us decided to leave our table came up sooner then that, in which the remaining two had not arrived yet. The 3 of us were standing there obviously anxious for them to get here, and the gentleman at the door kept making comments. "I hope they get here soon." "Don't want you to lose your table." "OH, finally their here you can sit." In which he just pointed at the table we were standing next to. ONCE AGAIN, let me say it was a busy Saturday night, it was nice of them to hold the table an extra 10 minutes for the other two to arrive, but the comments were very unnecessary. Then once we sat down our waitress took our order, brought our drinks, and didn't return until she dropped the check off on our table. We did not see her throughout the meal and once the check was delivered and having a group of 5 women who were all ordering separately we wanted our check split. I know this is obnoxious for anyone in the service industry but it is something that you run into... at every restaurant! When she didn't return for an extended amount of time we wrote down what everyone ordered and split it ourselves! When she picked up the check we informed her what we had down she said "thank you" took then check and walked away. About 5 minutes later the gentleman from the door returned to our table with our checks and said that they do not split checks and that there was no way to do it in the computer.. and that we had to figure out how much to charge each card separately... So to finish this review definitely go to Good Food for the food not so much for the service!
5	I hadn't dined at Good Food in about a year, and it stood up to it's name yet again!  I can't recommend the cheese plate enough.  There are subtle hints of truffle oil throughout the accompaniments of various jams, which is right up my alley.  The mussels have changed my life for the better. Even my non-coconutty mother raved over the green curry and coconut milk broth.  The highlight of my meal still has to be the duck fettuccine.  So creamy and delicious.  I could eat it every night!  Good Food is worth the price for a special night out when you really want to experience inspired and delicious cuisine!
5	This might be my new "go to" restaurant.  I'd been there when they first opened up and wasn't blown away by the food, but last night was completely different.  Every thing we ordered (many things I'd never order as a meal but glad others ordered the tapas) was delicious, but I have to say my favorite was the steamed buns with an asian meat filling - ridiculous!  Our waiter looked like he wanted to be somewhere else and needed multiple reminders, but I'm writing that off to having a bad day and will definitely go back soon!  The pea soup (again, something I'd never order for dinner) was amazing, as were the mushrooms, the scallops were cooked perfectly, etc. - looking forward to going back soon!
5	I absolutely love Good Food!  Great service every time we go and there's only been one dish that I didn't rave over (Short Ribs - I make them better at home).  The Steamed Bun and Mussels are an absolute must!  This is by far my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.My only complaints revolve around the no reservations policy.  First, they closed the entire restaurant for a private event on a night we had planned in advance to go on.  We luckily found out through word of mouth, but had we not, I would have been highly upset.  Taking reservations would have solved this problem as I would have known at the time of planning.  Secondly, they DID take reservations on Valentine's Day.  Most regulars, like myself, would assume that they don't take reservations, and people were showing up without a place to sit.  I think the policy should remain consistent regardless of the date.  Luckily we went over the weekend and it was our Nanny that was left eating at the bar despite arriving shortly after 5PM.
5	Yes it is good food. The food definately backs up the name of the restaurant.
5	I can't get Good Food out of my mind so yes you guessed it just like the name says this is "Good Food".  I really love the whole experience from the moment I walked in.  The hostess was friendly,  the atmosphere was great dimmed lighting gave a romantic feel but overall this place is just hip.  It's classy but comfortable and all of the staff will make you feel at home.  They do not take reservations so be prepared to wait especially on a weekend night.  I visited on a Thurs. night had to wait about ten minutes which was nothing plus I always enjoy checking out the bar in a new place.  The bartender was very friendly and did not go wrong when she asked my how dirty I wanted my martini on a scale from 1 to 5 umm 5 please and thank you for asking. Just when I didn't think my dirty martini could get any better yup you guessed it blue cheese stuffed olives I was already in heaven.  Now for the food.  What is great about the food is it's served tapas style so you have the opportunity to try all kinds of dishes.  A few of the dishes that I thought were yelp worthy quail lettuce wraps, the gnocchi with brussel sprouts and cream sauce this dish was addicting I think I could have eaten the whole order all by myself.  I also enjoyed the steamed bun with pork belly.  Save room for dessert because the strawberry cheesecake is so worth it (unfortunately I think it was a special so hopefully they bring it back real soon!)
5	Outstanding service and awesome food. We arrived fairly early on a Saturday night and the place was packed. The bartenders took great care of us with FULL glasses of wine while we waited for our seat. Food is tapas style so we were able to order an eclectic mix of foods. My wife started with the green pea soup which was great. I had a salad and it was great but kind of a waste to get at this restaurant, should have been more adventurous. We tried the Korean Beef which I thought was excellent. A little too spicy for my wife but that's a personal thing. We had scallops which were seared perfectly. Our servers were very attentive and had good recommendations and thoughts on the menu. We'll definitely be back and recommend it to others.
5	Again, I am so pleased with Good Food on Montford. The service at the bar is great. Tonight I enjoyed the lettuce wraps - fresh, zippy, good. Next I had a portion of the pea soup - this soup would have been superior had it not been excessively salty. Last on my list: lamb belly. The small roulades look a little skimpy at first but, oh my goodness, they are so rich, I could not have eaten any more! It was a perfect portion of such a wonderfully flavored dish - very good, highly recommended.
5	My favorite restaurant in Charlotte. It should be called "Great Food."  I've ordered practically everything on the menu and haven't had a dish yet that I wouldn't order again.  My only criticism is that they won't take reservations for tables under 5 people.  I've been turned away several times on a weekend because of this.
5	This place has absolutely GREAT food. I've almost tried each single small dish they have and I haven't found one I didn't like. Ingredients felt really fresh, size was decent for a higher end tapas-style plate. I usually have 3-4 and a glass of wine. My average check runs a little over $50 which is not bad considering the quality and the taste of their food. Any plate is a safe bet and if you are disappointed from one (which I never did) you'll end up having 2-3 more that will make up for it. Nice ambiance too. For its category - one of the best I've ever been.
5	Why was I so stubborn?  When i first saw this place it looked a little shabby from the outside and its name, well was not so imaginative. I saw the yelp reviews and couldn't believe this place was that good. I was completely wrong.The inside of the place is so much more appealing than the outside.  Tapas style american cuisine is how I would describe this place. My friend and I asked the waitress what we should start with.  She told us the mussels were the best in Charlotte.  She wasn't far off.  Drenched in a nice smooth curry sauce the combination was unbeatable.  From there, I moved onto the scallops.  The scallops were pretty good, but the cous cous underneath was some of the best I had. Since the food was good and I'm fat I decided to order the pork tenderloin as well.  This portion was considerabley bigger and was just amazing.  The pork was cooked to perfection and the chorizo hash & chili demi really set this dish off.  I will be back and my friend has been telling me that he will be taking his girl here when she comes down.  Bottom line, looks are decieving and this place is a diamond in the rough.
5	Fantastic! Service was very attentive- everything we ordered was delicious and beyond our expectations. The quail lettuce wrap was a pleasant surprise, pork tenderloin was very tender and the gnocci was fabulous!! Cant wait to go back :)
5	The best food I've had in Charlotte so far... End review.Wait, no. I'll talk about a few of the things that stood out:1. Charcuterie Plate - The Chicken Liver pate was excellent. Light with a bit of fruity sourness to it. Really could have eaten an absurd amount.2. Smoked Lamb Belly Confit - the belly is rolled in to a wheel so every bite gets a perfect amount of fat along with the smoky beef and it's all very well accompanied by the lentils.3. Arctic Char on Fennel  and Potatoes  - Textural contrast was excellent.4. Gnocchi - Great softness to the pasta held together with cream and contrasted by crispy bacon.5. Mussels in Green Curry - I'm a curry snob but the curry they used here, was nontraditional and extraordinary. There was a real citruesy sweetness to it. We had at least 4-5 other things but these are the ones that really stood out to me.
4	Not my favorite restaurant in Charlotte, but it certainly is one of the best. It's "good food" for sure. The menu is reasonable, diverse and created around a tapas format. I experienced both the Smoked Lamb Belly confit and the Pork Bun. I'll have to admit that my southern tastebuds preferred the latter experience to the lamb, but both were served in a nice presentation and cooked to perfection. I prefer roasted or grilled lamb to this more roast-like lamb, but the combination with the lentils was quite satisfying. The wine menu was limited but selective in its choices.
4	Good Food was...well...GOOD! We enjoyed the originality of the menu items, the service as well as the atmosphere. Food - Everything was flavorful and well balanced as far as flavor and texture.  There was a nice variety as well.  My only complaint was the portion for the price.  I get it, it's tapas but when I spend $100 for my wife and I, I don't want to have to get some food later, which I did.Service - Very attentive.  I noticed all the servers in the place were taking great care of their tables and the food runners were on their game.  I saw someone drop a dish and they had it replaced within 5 minutes...nice!Atmosphere - Nice decor, lighting etc.  We didn't mind waiting because we made some friends on the beautiful patio.  You can tell its an old building but the refit was excellent.  It is extremely clean and well maintained.WE WILL BE BACK!!
5	"Wow!" That pretty much sums up my experience at Good Food! The wait was long on a Friday evening, but it didn't matter because they have a great little patio where you can enjoy a glass of wine and some delicious appetizers. After spending an hour on the patio we were seated at our table where we enjoyed some of the most wonderful food. Because the menu is tapas style, we got to try many items off the menu (which means we got to spend a lot of money.. servings are small, prices not so small!) and I can't pick a favorite because every one of the dishes was fantastic! From the quail to the pork belly, the tilapia to the kimchi beef, even the duck pasta and the scallops, were all amazing. Okay, I know that doesn't help you, so if I had to make a recommendation of the three bestest items, I would pick the quail wraps, pork belly and the kimchi beef! I'm a pretty conservative meat eater, and usually stick to white meats, but I went in with an open mind, and gave everything a try, and I'm glad that I did. This restaurant should really be called Great food on Montford, it is undoubtedly one of my favorite places in the city now :)
5	Place lives up to the hype.  Looking forward to my next visit.Came here while my sister was in town and the food was awesome overall.  Everything is very flavorful, nothing is really bland.  It does cost a bit of cheddar, but it's worth it.Korean BBQ dish was my favorite (obv).  The spicy kimchi-flavored grilled scallion flavors played lightly with the underlying meat flavored to perfection.  The interplay of korean bbq flavor and spicy korean vegetables tasted like Dvorak's Op. 81(a).  (youtube that shizzles, son!).  The rice bed underneath provided additional texture.  When you taste it, you will understand the true meaning of "synesthesia".dmo out.
5	- PORKBUN-PORKBUN-PORKBUN- Good Food is exactly what they say they are!Sat at the Captains Table (where the chef prepares food) with my boyfriend. Because the plates are small you get to try a lot of different things. I started off with a blackberry mojito infused with jalapeno. It was delicious, it had hints of sweet and spicy that I've never had in a drink.We started out by sharing everything - First the PORKBUN - sorry I get excited, but it's delicious, I'm sad that I had to share it, oh sweet regret!! We followed the bun with seared scallops, Korean beef, and pork tenderloin. All juicy, savory and delicious.Since we still had room we each ordered a dessert - my boyfriend got the apple cake - warm with vanilla ice cream and caramel syrup. I got the pecan pie with banana ice cream and caramel sauce.Good Food had a great atmosphere, and a friendly attentive wait staff. It was a pleasure talking to the chef at the captains table, very informative, and helpful with all our selections. We will be going back!
5	I've been here 6 times now, and I feel like I can Pass Judgement on this place.Good Food on Montford really is the best restaurant I've been to in:CharlotteNorth CarolinaNorth & South Carolina combinedI might wax poetic later, but if you live anywhere near GFoM and consider yourself a food lover - you need to try this place.  The service is quite competent and friendly - show up in a suit jacket or jeans; you'll get treated right either way.  Expect to spend $25 / per if you're not drinking booze.  I find the food an incredible value, personally.I'll go on record right now saying the pork belly steamed bun is the best thing you can legally ingest in the Charlotte city limits.  Go gitchusome!
5	Go here now.I'd been hesitant to visit GFoM because of the prices, but seriously, it is worth it. OMG the steamed pork bun...wow. Great wine, great service, LONG wait (and no reservations), but...amazing.
5	One of our favorite places to eat. We are fortunate that it is close to our home. Food is good with good service as well. Seems like some menu items rotate but not enough.  Would be better if menu was more seasonal. Overall good food, service, and beverage selection
2	My wife and I went there and were not impressed with our server. We are human, so things can happen but what was not acceptable, I emailed my concerns with NO REPLY whatsoever. That is poor customer service and I would not go back. Our server did a poor job with 4-5 errors, she was all over the place. Taking orders from tables that arrived 15 minutes after us, paying attention to a table of someone she knew, leaving us waiting for our food, forgetting to bring an app. and instead bringing our check, yet we were there to spend money. SHe was tipped accordingly, 10% and she did not deserve that. Sad that the owner/chef did NOT respond to my 2 emails and 1 call. What the restaurant does after a problem, sets the tone for how good they truly are, (or not). I have been in MANY a great restaurants and this was sub-par service.
4	The quail lettuce wraps were so good we ordered them three times.  One of the best carpaccios ever, amazing falafel....everything was great!  Go early or you will have to wait for a table....
4	I love this place. It's the cozy neighborhood spot on our regular rotation. You can't make a reservation unless you have a large party, so prepare to wait if you go on a weekend night. But, it's fun to grab a drink at the bar - and perhaps a cheese plate - to whet the appetite. Who knows, you may end up sitting next to Hugh McColl, as he often comes in for a bite at the bar.The menu changes every now and then, but my faves include the mushrooms, gnochetti (not on the menu right now), amazing Prince Edward Island mussels (with green curry, coconut milk and cilantro), steamed bun and lamb tagine. I love finishing the meal with a Hot Chocolate cocktail - hot means it has a kick, not a warm temperature! The wine list is short, but thoughtful.There's been some service turnover, which was noticeable during my last visit, but hopefully that works itself out. In general, Good Food on Montford has consistently awesome food and service.
4	I've been here a few times and always have a great experience. They don't take reservations, so it can be hard to get into if you're not willing to wait more than an hour. The bar is usually pretty crowded so sometimes it's hard to find a place to stand and wait. I highly recommend waiting though. It will be worth it. I love that this place is all small plates which means you can order a lot, share and try different things. Not the best place to go on a first date if you want to have a meaningful conversation since it's usually pretty loud. Great place though for people watching. I'm not usually a meat eater, and would never order pulled pork on my own but after the lovely steamed bun lured me in, I was hooked on the taste of the sweet, bbq pork inside. There is a hint of caramlization and crispiness that makes it all melt in your mouth. I also had the scallops the other night with warm peaches and grits. I'm not a fan of grits usually but these were really tasty. Makes me want to make them at home although I probably don't want to know how many calories it took to get them to taste that good! I love coming here and trying new items. I will be back, over and over again!! GOOD FOOD!
5	I am so lucky to live so close to this restaurant.  Be wary the food is rich but is all served small plates style so you can taste a little bit of everything amongst friends.  Some favorites of mine are the Green Curry Mussels (a fairly large portion for a tapas dish), the gnocci & the pea soup with crispy shallots (to DIE FOR).  The seating is somewhat small and there is a decent wait but that just goes to show how much people like it! The bar is always packed but it usually only takes a minute or two before getting a drink while you wait for a table.  There is also an outside deck out front to sit and wait for your table if the weather calls for it.  It is definitely a great restaurant to try out especially with a few friends that like to experiment with different styles of food.  Two thumbs way up!
5	This could be the best restaurant in Charlotte. I have been three times now and each experience is unbelievable. The pasta dishes are all perfect and each should be ordered to share. The falafel is some of the best I have ever had. The steam bun is such a pleasant surprise. Each dish is so well thought out and the service is always great. Though I can't eat shellfish I've always been told that the scallops are to die for.
4	There's nothing quite like the 1-story brick across from the bowling alley.  Off an interesting side street, Good Food matches its name with a nice atmosphere, dressy casual approach, decently long bar, and good crowd.The wait was about 15-20 minutes for two on a saturday night, but the 100 degree heat may have kept some away.Positives include comp. tasting of a new lebanese wine (which we then avoided...but you never know), steamed bun, corn risotto, and pommes frites.  The gnocchi had a great texture and good flavor.  The service was pleasant and informative, except for the end when she was a little grabby with the check once I had signed it.  The only negative was that our order of haricot verts came about 15 minutes after our first plate.  I know that some delivery spread comes with eating tapas, but to get a lighter dish that late on in the meal for two people was a little disappointing.Interesting wine list with lots of international options, but all reasonably priced.Very solid place and well worth checking out.
4	My first impression was that the place was kinda small and I was put-off by the fact there there is just no waiting area.  Either you wait outside on the patio or you stand crammed inside while you wait for your table or a space to open up at the bar.The food is a "Foodie's" paradise!  The presentation is awesome.  We had scallops with grits in a peach compote; mussels; red snapper with summer veggies and the gazpacho was absolutely phenomenal!!!This restaurant will definitely be in my regular rotation!  The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the lack of waiting space.
4	Ah Good Food, you should rename yourself to Awesome Food on Montford. Seriously your stuff is yummy. I tried only a couple of things on the menu before leaving due to not being very hungry but they were all so delicious! From your warm and woody decor to your very accommodating wait staff I liked it all.Since everyone was raving about the mussels in curry and cilantro I went head and started myself off with that. The mussels were really small, overcooked maybe. and kind of disappointed me. The green curry sauce was phenomenal though and delicious soaked up with the grilled naan! Corn risotto, perfect and sweet and eaten after the curry cleansed my palate and left a refreshing taste. My favorite of the evening. The dessert was some sort of macadamia nut pie with banana ice cream. I didn't like it very much, tasted too much like a mashed up frozen banana to me, but my dining partners liked it a lot.Yum yum, total bill was around $15 excellent price and I was quite full after three courses. I can't believe I waited so long to come here!
4	Stopped here while traveling for work; zero expectations, but left impressed.Highlights were the quail lettuce wrap, scallop dish with peach chutney, and a cheese plate who's star was a truffled apricot jam.  2 of us ordered an app, two large plates, and a cheese plate to finish & left happy.Very good by-the-glass wine selection was nice too.
4	While in Charlotte for some wedding planning, we dined at Good Food on Montford for the first time. Montford Drive is a street with a long culinary history for me, with such favorites as The Ole Smokehouse, the Roasting Company and Luisa's Pizza. In contrast to those places, Good Food on Montford is more upscale, serving mostly small plates at fairly high prices. Several of the plates we tried were outstanding, including the ceviche, the mushrooms, the lamb tangine and the fried oysters. We also really enjoyed dessert, especially the cherry cobbler with ice cream.My complaints about this place include the noise - so loud we could not hear each other despite being at a table for six closest to the front window - and the prices. Even my dad's "large plate" of fish was quite small and at $17, not exactly inexpensive. I am glad that Charlotte's restaurant selection is growing so rapidly, and certainly the food here shows a sophistication never before seen on Montford Drive. Although it's not a restaurant for everyday dining, I'd definitely return here for another tasty meal.
5	I have only been to Good Food once, and I have been daydreaming about going back ever since.  Fantastic service and fantastic food make for a fantastic date night you'll never forget.  The mussel dish was one of the best flavor combinations I have ever experienced.  I heard through the grapevine that they carry OMB Copper now, so my next visit will be even better! Great work Good Food!
3	At this point, Good Food on Montford is just that, good not great.We got there at 8pm and the wait was just over 2 hours for a 4 top.  I can certainly appreciate the level of popularity this restaurant has sparked, but the inability to make reservations surprises me.  We were meeting another couple so were in no rush, but when I go back, I will have to be strategic on when we go so as not to have to wait so long.  The bartender was excellent and attentive and we were able to enjoy a bottle of wine before being seated.  As a side note, I was disappointed that there was no available Chianti on the menu.  That's typically all I drink and not a rare type so thought it odd.Our waitress was good but appeared overwhelmed by other service.  It took 10 minutes for her to first come over after we were seated.  My first order was the Pork Bun (because it seemed quite popular via Yelp) but they had apparently sold their last one minutes before.  Big disappointment.  I ordered the Charcuterie (foie gras & chicken liver mousse, speck & chefs selection [Excellent], Korean beef crispy rice & scalloin kimchi [Very Good], Arctic char chilled israeli couscous & dried fruit salad & apricot beurre blanc [Very Good], and a forgettable pasta of some sort.  We were two bottles of wine in by this point and had spent well over 3 hours there with slow service so we left in disappointment and ended up going across the street and munching on barfood over a few beers.The food overall was very good and above the average Charlotte fare.  The overall experience was lacking and service was subpar.  It's quite expensive for what you get but I'm okay with this for high quality.  I'm a firm believe in 2nd and 3rd chances prior to writing off a place so I'm hopeful our next visit will warrant an updated more positive review.  The Yelp crowd seems to love it so I'm hopeful I caught them on a bad night.
5	This was a food-adventure. Really delicious small plates and the steamed pork buns are NOT to be missed!! Service was great and the place was packed on a Thursday but it's worth whatever wait there is. Noise level is high but it makes for a vibrant ambiance. Definitely worth a trip!
4	I finally get the hype!Went with a girlfriend late one Friday night and shared some appetizers that made me go MMM and them OHHH and then OHMAHGAH.Seriously, this place is FANCY and DELISH.We shared a cheese plate that came with 3 kinds of cheese as well as honeycomb with honey, fig, a kind of pepper jam and seasoned bread. I can't tell you much about the cheese because I'm not an expert but every bite was illuminating.Also tried their Korean BBQ wrap with some kind of tangy slaw - muy bueno! Warm, flavorful and well spiced, the only negative was that I ordered just one.The only negative I can see here is that it's so expensive, I wouldn't be able to go much, and the serving sizes focus more on taste than quantity, so for those wanting a lot of food, prepare to order many items.
4	Finally made it out for an early dinner at Good Food. Can't believe it has taken me this long to check it out so I can write this review. Seeing as how this is one of Crown Town's more popular spots, the time was nigh to get in and sample the fare. A small, and plain building. Not too much going on inside. Just tables, booths, high-tops, and bar seating. Such close quarters that the aromas from the kitchen fill the dining area and inhabit your clothes. Not a bad characteristic. First off, I have to express my love for these guys having Northcoast's Scrimshaw Pilsner on draught. Not a common tale for most places in town. This alone sets the bar apart from the rest. I can recognize that tap handle from anywhere....5/5 for this. Ordered a smattering from the menu. Cheese plate: 4/5. Camembert, bleu, honeycomb, fig spread and two others I can't recall. Served with grilled bread. No combination that was undesirable. Falafel: 3/5. Rather plain, and the greek yogurt on top seemed to add to the plainness. 5/5 for presentation, though. Pork Bun: Unreal. 5/5. Perfect texture, flavor and presentation. I was absolutely thrilled. Corn Rissotto: 4/5 Sweet, and wholesome. Nothing over the top, but just right. A rather large portion, too. Gnocchi: 5/5. Just perfect. Amazing flavor and all of the mushrooms were wonderful. I didn't want it end. The addition of the chicken was fine, but could have gone without. Dessert: Apple cobbler with seasonal ice cream 3/5. Just nothing groundbreaking here. Presentation was fine, flavors were fine, but just didn't seem to have that special element. We made it in at 5:40, right after they opened. I would emulate this again. Nice having an early dinner and missing most of the crowd. Service was incredible and so fast. Very knowledgeable about the menu. Very much looking forward to returning!
4	After hearing so many word of mouth raves about this place we decided to check it out during a beautiful summer evening. The restaurant is located on Montford and has a distinct retro-modern natural vibe inside (think exposed brick and wood). There is a simple patio outside and a parallel bar area with high tables (which is where we sat). There is a lot of energy inside so don't expect a quiet meal.As many have stated, the menu is tapa's style, with a number of small plates, along with entree's should you desire. The menu is seasonal so what we ate may not be available later in the year. Everything from the arugula salad to the falafel to the seared scallops with corn was wonderful. The service is just right, attentive without being overly pushy and the wine list is lively.Overall a great experience and fine night - both this place and Barrington's top my list of Charlotte's best.
4	While this is still one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte - my husband and I have eaten there many, many times - I can't give it 5 stars. Over the past couple of years, I've seen the quality of the diminish just enough to keep it from being a truly great restaurant. Little things that add up... significantly less pork in what use to be one of my favorite dishes - the steamed pork bun. The last couple of times I've had it, too much bun, not enough pork. A sloppily dressed arugula salad. And really... isn't it time to retire the arugula salad??And finally, the overall vibe of the staff seems to project an attitude of tolerating the diners' presence, rather than being warm, welcoming and glad that diners are still coming to the restaurant. Almost a little bit on the snobbish side. Might behoove them to remember that this IS the South, after all!
1	FINE FOR A COUPLE -- DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU'RE OVER 4 PEOPLEThe food is pretty good, but not great.  Very small plates, so don't go there hungry, otherwise you're in for at least $40.  Most items $8-10 per plate, glass of wine starts at $9.  The service was good, a bit slow at times, but it was a very busy night last night.The main reason for my very low rating is that they do not split checks, and didn't tell us upfront.  This ended up being a nightmare for my group of 10 that left at certain times.  It was such a debacle, and you don't want to be the last person handing in the money, only to realize someone forget to add the tax on their amount.It's so ridiculous that just about every restaurant in Charlotte will split checks with no issues, but not this one.
5	Not sure what I can add to the other ravings, other than I agree. The Steamed Bun is awesome, as are the scallops. I'm not really a tapas kind of guy in general, but the food is so great tasting that I am now a convert. They have a great waiting area outside in addition to the nice bar. It's easy to grab a beer from the bar and take it outside. Great service every time we visit as well. Just go, you'll be glad you did. And remember to order the Steamed Bun.
5	Love! Everything about Good Food id GOOD. Try everything, even the frites (even if you don't like truffle oil!) The only turn away would be paying the bill. They don't separate the ticket. If you have a large group, be prepared to do some math.
5	We went here for my birthday this week with another couple.  Everything was delcious!! I especially loved the Mussells, one of the pasta dishes (I forget the name of it), and the Korean Beef dish.  The gnocchi, scallops, lamb belly and cheesecake were excellent as well.  The waitstaff is friendly and knowledgable.  We went here on a Tuesday night around 7 and were lucky enough to grab one of the last tables, so we didn't have to wait, but people were lined up to wait once we started eating.  They don't take reservations, so I would suggest arriving earlier to avoid a wait.
5	My favorite restaurant, hands down!  The pork belly bun and green curry mussels are a MUST-HAVE!  Cool atmosphere.  Great little bar.
4	We are big fans of Barrington's, the sister restaurant to Good Food and have heard lots of good things about the restaurant and decided to give it a try.We were seated immediately and the first thing that we noticed was the overall atmosphere is great, the lighting was perfect, the restaurant is classy, but not too formal that you feel uncomfortable if you are not really dressed up and they play a nice mix of classic rock.The menu had a great mix of choices and we started with salads, both were great with fresh, crisp greens. We also tried the Butternut Squash soup, AMAZING, what a great soup, we would go back just for that.I had the Gnocchi, this dish was perfect, I could have eaten two more orders myself. the mushrooms were cooked perfectly and the broth was delicious.Dessert was a very difficult choice, as there were many options to choose from. We decided on the cobbler and the cupcake. The cobbler was great, very nice crust and delicious filling. The cupcake was unreal, moist inside with a meringue topping that would make an old shoe taste great, I absolutely love this dessert.The service was good, but I would have loved some more interaction from our server. As it was our first visit, we would have welcomed some advice on dishes and that little extra hospitality would really made the experience that much better.  She was efficient and the courses were timed extremely well, but she was pretty much an order taker who only stopped by occasionally and didn't really interact with us or make us feel at home. I am looking forward to returning and am impressed with the food and atmosphere.
5	Awesome spot!the steamed pork buns are KILLER!!!
5	Wow! Best meal I've had in Charlotte, hands down. The tapas plates were perfectly portioned, and each item, from the risotto to the crispy quail lettuce wraps, were out of this world. Top it off with a fantastic slice of chocolate cheesecake, and this is a meal I'll be coming back for again and again.
3	I have only been once, and it received a 3 star rating because 1--The wait was at least an hour on a Thursday and 2--once inside, we couldn't hear a thing; nearly shouting to have a conversation. The food was great; we tried nearly every dish on the menu and the only things not to our liking was the severe amount of fat on the pork belly--both in the bun and in the wrap, and the fries were waayyy too salty; unedible. The gnocci was great, but the sausage pasta was by far the best thing we were served. The mussels were also amazing and there were lots of them!! Sometimes the service was slow...but we only had to ask for one water refill. My boyfriend had a glass of wine, as did our friend...they both enjoyed but I can't tell you what kind it was.  All in all, we would go back...but not for a full meal. For what we had, it was $175.00, and for the amount of food we ate (we only took 2 small leftover containers home), that was exceptionaly expensive.
5	Wow!  This place is appropriately named.We came about a quarter after 6 on a Saturday night, which I soon realized was strategic planning on my friend's part because we managed to get in just before it got super busy.  We had no wait.  Score.I took a peek at the menu and realized that I was being faced with the challenge of deciding which small plates to order (out of so many that all sounded delicious).  I let my friend, who has been here many times, take the wheel on that one.Each small plate came out one at a time, so we had plenty of time to savor and enjoy each one individually.Here's what we ordered:The American farmhouse cheeses with truffle chutney and honey.  Served with bread.  I LOVE CHEESE.  AND CHUTNEY.  AND HONEY.  Yum.  I could have ordered another one of these but alas, we had a lot more food on the way.The steamed bun.  I've had pork bellies one other time at a dim sum place up in the DC area.  I loved them there and I loved them here at Good Food too.  The meat was so sweat and so was the bun... a perfect combo!Seared scallops.  They were ever so flavorful and cooked just the right amount.  By this point in the evening I was already entering a food coma from all the deliciousness, but there was still a lot more to come.Some kind of pasta that was A-MAZING.  I'm currently looking at the menu on the website to get my food titles right, but I don't see this item on there.  I hope they didn't get rid of it because it might have been my favorite thing we ordered!The fish.  We only added this to our order after hearing a nearby table rave about it.  Yes, it was good.  Everything at this point was good.  I was stuffed, but somehow managed to make room in my belly for dessert.For dessert we ordered the apple cobbler.  It was warm and cinnamon-y and delicious.  Despite how full we were, we managed to scarf this down in what seemed like under 5 minutes.I've eaten at a lot of good restaurants in North Carolina, and this one ranks among the best in my opinion.  I don't have a single complaint about the evening.  I had heard coming in that the service gets to be somewhat lacking when they get really busy, but the service was great the night I was there.  Overall, I had a perfect dining experience.
4	Stopped by Good Food on Montford after reading some reviews and hearing that the cast and crew from Homeland went there. Lucked into a primo parking spot - which can be a problem on Montford.Went on a Wednesday night around 7:00 and was told there would be a 30 minute wait for a table, but the bar was open; so we sat at the bar.Limited but OK beer selection on tap.Looked at the menu and noticed that all menu items looked like small plates. After confirming with the waitress/bartender we decided on three: the Gnocchi, Steamed Bun and the mussels. All three were very good. My wife loved the mussels and I loved the steamed bun.Ordered one more pasta dish and it was good, although not as good as the other three. Service was fine, not great, not bad and prices were OK.We're definitely going back.
5	More like Great Food on Montford!Since I have been on yelp, I believe that Good Food on Montford has been ranked #1 in Charlotte on yelp.  I finally figured out why, now I need to figure out why it took me so long to eat here.  So they don't take reservations, and we are told by the greeter at the door, who looks like a kinder, gentler version of Ted Nugent, that there is an hour wait.  We give our name and head to the bar trying to find a place to stand and order drinks.  Great service at the bar and not a half hour goes by before "Ted" comes over to get us to our table.Rachel is our server and she explains the whole tapas style of the restaurant and makes suggestions as well as discusses specials.  She says that most people order 3 or 4 items typically.  Well by the time that we are done, we have ordered 8 items and while everything had great flavors and was expertly prepared, my favorites are the confit of lamb belly and the arctic char appetizer.  Also, the cheese plate was the perfect amount for desert, as we bypassed the typical desert fare to finish off the meal.  The wife really enjoyed the steamed bun and the scallop, but we both felt that everything was really well prepared.This place is really a gem for Charlotte, and clearly they are humble as well.Seriously, Great Food on Montford!
5	I swore I wrote a review for GFonM already, but apparently I didn't!When my GF graduated college I wanted to take her to the best restaurant in the QC and saw how highly rated this place was on Yelp.Well they didn't disappoint.  The place is kind of neat because it is fancy and white tablecloth-y, but you wouldn't stick out that bad if you were dressed casual but nice.  The waitstaff didn't seem pretentious at all either.  They are totally down to earth and made good recommendations.It is pricey, but actually the price per dish isn't that bad at all, although the portion size is quite small of course.  If you are starving and want to fill up it is going to cost you.We got like half of the dishes on their menu and they were all very good.  They accidentally gave us someone else's Korean Beef, which was a good bonus since it was delish.  I thought it was one of our orders!Good wine selection and fantastic decor.  The "mood lighting" is definitely dark, which makes it a little tough to see your food, but it's acceptable.  Parking can be pretty rough and if you want to take a walk around after your meal, your options are somewhat limited.  I tried to take a lap around the block and had to scale parking garages and jump puddles to take a loop, but hey that's Charlotte for ya.
5	Blindfold me, put me on a plane, drive me around until I have no idea where I am... then take me to Good Food on Montford and I would guess that I'm in a real foodie city, like NYC, San Fran or maybe Portland.  That's right, this place stands out among the crowded streets of CLT filled with corporate restaurant groups and chains.  What I like most is they are not afraid to be original with both the menu and the wine list... this is an independent restaurant at its best.  Been here 3 times and will be going back at least once a month or so.  I'd go back more often but I do like to torture myself by trying other sub-par places around town in the hopes that I'll come across a gem like this one.First time I went, loved everything on the menu.  Each dish was just enough to give me a good taste, and each truly delivered.  Second time I brought a group of 6... I had to tell my friends "trust me" after one friend went to the website and was like "dude where's my meat+2 entree" and while I can't claim to have transformed them all into foodies (yet), everyone loved it.  Third time was a charm - yep, consistency was there, food quality - check, wine list - check, service - check, 5 stars - check.I have a few more restaurants that I have not been to until my CLT tour is complete, but I imagine there will be no more than 5 or 6 places that get 5 stars.  I have high expectations because I don't think we should pay so much to dine out just to be underwhelmed.  Good Food will over deliver on all aspects.  Go there, now!
5	My absolute favorite go to spot in Charlotte. The food is awesome. The oysters, falafel, fries, Mussels and seafood main are my top picks. It fills up pretty quickly here, so be prepared to wait. It is worth it. Sister restaurant, Barrington's tops my Charlotte list too.
5	After a long day, nothing beats going to Good Food on Montford.  The food is always on point and the drinks are amazing.  The staff is always happy to make recommendations of a good wine or beer that would pair nicely with your meals. The quality of the food is a steal to the prices and rivals any of the fancy-smancy pretentious places that are in Charlotte and can make a person feel out of place quickly.  Hands down one of my favorite places to go.
4	I've always heard people talk about this restaurant and finally made it up there last night. It was packed for a Tuesday night and food was really yummy. When we first sat down they brought roasted garlic and balsamic/olive oil. The waitress suggested a great glass of wine and we picked our plates. We shared the frites, quail lettuce wraps, the gnocchi, Korean beef and the chocolate cupcake for dessert. The frites needed something, perhaps it was just missing ketchup? The quail wraps were spicy and gingery, the gnocchi was wonderful full of mushrooms and delicious chicken. The Korean beef was really nice on a fried white rice, like actually deep fried. The cupcake was really yummy. It seemed to have two kinds of chocolate in it and the meringue was light as melted marshmallows.
4	I came to Good Food on Montford a couple months ago with one of my friends...  She got there earlier than I did and nabbed a table for us... Good thing because they don't take reservations and apparently, they fill up pretty quickly...  I cannot think of one bad dish that we shared that night... I had the Korean Beef which was totally spectacular and served on top of crispy rice with a scallion kimchi... She ordered the truffle fries because she said she'd been craving them... One bite and I figured out why... They were light, crisp and but still managed to be filling... You could taste the truffle, but it wasn't overwhelming at all... A perfect complement... She also ordered the oysters... I don't eat those, but she said they were fantastic and I'm willing to take her word for it... The server took quite a while to come back around... As I said, my friend came first and got the table, but it took about 20 minutes for her to come back to the table to get our drink orders after I arrived... That seems like a long time to me, especially when you already have a person at the table, so you know there's an active guest situation there...  The service picked up after the initial lull, at least... I'll definitely be back, though...The parking can fill quickly if you don't come early and if you do come late, prepare for a wait... (I did not intend for that to rhyme... I promise. lol)
4	A friend had given me a gift card for this place. Since the amount was so high...I decided to make it a fun night for all of us. We got there...it was quite busy and the wait was about 30 minutes. There was not much room for a group of four of us to be at the bar...we decided to go next door and grab a drink while we waited..and were encouraged to do so. The atmosphere in the restaurant...dimly lit, lots of people...and really good food!  The waiter helped us make a selection for our bottle of wine, which at the end of the meal we decided to re-cork the rest...and bring home!!  Food was excellent and fast; great for sharing so you can try a little bit of everything with a group of people. I will be back.
4	I've lived just down the road from Good Food for a couple years, yet had been deterred from dining there out of concern for the long wait times and inability to make reservation.  Well, after dining there this week, I'm regretting that I waited so long.  We arrived at 6:30pm on a Tuesday and were seated immediately.  The interior is cozy and well decorated with open views of the kitchen.  Roasted garlic cloves and balsamic vinegar were in small dishes on the table, and warm fresh bread was soon delivered.   The two of us shared five different tapas, which proved to be a good amount without leaving us uncomfortably full.1. Arugula Salad: the combination of pears, goat cheese, pistachios, and balsamic maple dressing was an excellent start.2. Mussels:  You get a large portion for the price and the thai curry seasoning is unique.  You'll want to ask for extra bread to soak up the indulgent sauce.3. Lamb Cheek Pasta:  Oh my gosh!  The best dish of the night!  I read multiple reviews that stressed the incredibleness of the pasta, and they were spot on.  Rich, well seasoned, and the best bowl of pasta I've had in quite some time.4. Crispy Quail Lettuce Wraps:  This was the only dish we ordered that I was not especially impressed with.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't all that special.  The quail was grilled, not crispy like I had imagined.5. Sea Bass Special:  The crispy vegetable cake and fruit chutney were my favorite components on the plate.  The fish was just slightly dry.  $14 for a very small plate seemed a bit steep.The menu is full over unique and delicious sounding small plates, and I'll definitely be back.   Given the size of the portions, I think it's best to share each plate between two people.  Trying to split things 3 ways would be tough.
4	The food is as good as everyone says it is and service is friendly and efficient. The room is a bit lively but unless you are a senior and wear a hearing aid you can hear your dinner companions without a problem. The crowd was 35 - 45 years old the evening I was there. The prices were moderate for the level of quality; and it is a lot cheaper than Barrington's and almost as good.
5	Pappardelle with Braised Lamb Cheeks. Go back and read that first sentence again. Now I need you to read it out loud and one more time for good measure. Do you have it memorized? Ok now grab your keys and head straight over to Good Food on Montford and order it!!!!! Go now and go quickly. I promise you will not regret it. This dish was by far one of the best pasta dishes I have ever tasted. The pasta was fresh, cooked al dente, the lamb cheeks melted in my mouth and the sauce was thick, rich and decadent. The dish was so good I ordered it twice. In fact I almost ordered it a third time until my husband quickly reminded me that we had 5 other dishes coming. Damn I hate when he interferes with my Epicurean encounters.  The other dishes were great but honestly the pasta dish was an out of body experience.  Next time I will forgo the salads and Falafel. The Salad was nothing special and unfortunately after being in the Middle East, I have become a Falafel snob. The Korean Beef was great, the Steamed Bun with Pork Belly was good and the Scallops and Polenta was to die for. The scallops themselves were cooked to perfection. My only gripe is the place is always crowded and rather loud but the good food usually drowns out the chatter.
4	Quite good, but nothing really blew me away.  Nice vibe and friendly staff.Definitely worth trying.
3	swanky ,loud ,kinda pricey....it was worth a try but won't go back to often.great menu but like I said small portions with a heavy price tag.
5	If you've read my reviews, I give a lot of 4 and 5 stars.  I tend to only write about the best.  This place is in my top 5 of all time.  The staff is SUPER and the food is INCREDIBLE. That's all I'm going to say.  The name of the place speaks for itself.
5	Outstanding meal and service.
4	On a recent visit to Charlotte to visit family I visited Good Food on Monford with my mother and grandmother.  We went based on my Mom's insistence since she had been on her last visit to this area and loved it.  After our dinner there, I definitely agree with her!The restaurant looks odd and small from the outside, but is adorable on the inside with a beautiful bar.  Since they do not take reservations, we arrived around 6:30pm on a Friday and were seated immediately.  Our waitress was happy to explain the menu to us since this is a small plates restaurant and gave us some recommendations.  The wine servings are generous - they bring you a small carafe which is really two glasses of wine in one.  The food is definitely the stand out here.  They bring you fresh bread and there is roasted garlic and oil & balsamic on the table waiting for you - yum.  I ordered the mixed green salad and the Korean beef.  Both dishes were delicious.  My mother and grandmother really enjoyed their dishes as well.  I tried a bite of my mom's shrimp arepas and instantly got a case of food envy - delicious!I justified only getting two small dishes as the reasoning behind ordering dessert.  My mom and I shared the malted cheesecake which was absolutely amazing.  My only complaint would really be the noise level in here.  I may have been more cognizant of the noise since we were with my grandmother, but it was hard to hear each other.  As more and more people started waiting for seats, they started to crowd our table since we were seated by the door.I would definitely go back next time I'm in the area since I love small dish restaurants, and this one definitely delivered!
5	This place is delicious! My husband and I have dined here several times, and we've never left unsatisfied. I love the small plates style of dining, since we can order several different things and enjoy a variety of food. Between the two of us, we usually order about 5 items and leave feeling stuffed! I love their scallops and the mussels are equally as good. My husband is a huge fan of the steamed bun. This place gets really busy, so it's good to get there early!
5	This restaurant have been on my list for a while. My wife and I finally went last night. We were not disappointed the service and food was great. This restaurant has a neighborhood feel we definitely would go back.
5	I know I've updated this review already, but it deserves to be updated again after my last experience at GF!  They changed the menu a few weeks ago and the new additions were delicious.  The standouts was the sweet pea risotto, it was so moist and flavorful I could have licked the bowl clean.  They also changed the entire dessert menu and the biscoff ice cream cone situation is on another level, we had a little fight at our table over sharing it.  So my advice, get two of them!!
3	I love good food and I love Good Food.  I have been there about half a dozen times and always love the offerings and the food has always been delicious.  Good wine and cocktail lists as well.  I am giving three stars this time because it seems that their portions have shrunk!  I know it is small plates - I get that....but geez guys...if you need to order 8 plates to fill up - it kind of defeats the point, right?  I do love it and I will be back of course because the flavors are wonderful and I adore the way the menu varies...just wish there were a few more of those delicious truffle fries on the plate.
5	Good Food on Montford... More like Awesome Food! The BF chose this spot for our date night. We arrived around 6:15 on a Saturday. We were informed the wait would be about 20 minutes. The host took our phone number and said that he would call us when a table was available. I prefer this to one of those buzzers that requires you stick around the place. It was a nice night and the wait wasn't bad so we sat down outside. He gave us a buzz and we walked inside. He informed us that there was seating at the Chef's table if we would like or we could wait for a table. I was starving at this point, so the Chef's table it was! We were taken to a roomy bar that overlooked the dessert/cold plate section of the kitchen. It's an awesome spot to chat with the chefs. Our server was attentive and the food rolled out at a good pace. As for the food...The bread was nothing to write home about but I loved the roasted garlic that came with it. Pork Bun: The pork bun was phenomenal. Not a traditional steam bun set up but more like a little sandwich. The bun itself was made in house and a nice soft texture. The pork belly was perfectly tender and delectable. The sweetness of the hoisin sauce added a nice balance to the dish. Scallops: The scallops were perfectly seasoned and seared. Two decent sized scallops sat atop a bed of Israeli couscous. The dish was very good but not life changing. Quail Lettuce Wraps: Our favorite dish of the night! The quail was succulent. Just rich enough and the flavors were well developed. This was a nice light plate. So, so good. Chocolate Brownie w/ Biscoff Ice Cream: Stellar... I mean it's a brownie but it was a damn good brownie. Warmed up and served on a plate with peanut butter, a scoop of homemade biscoff ice cream and a dollop of fresh whip cream. Amazing. Such a great way to end the meal.I'm already looking forward to our next visit!
5	The food and the service here is awesome. Expect a wait... Even for bar seating.I had the pork belly in a steamed bun and the broccoli with fried cheese curd. Both were incredible. I have eaten pork belly quite a few times at other restaurants, and I can easily say that this is the best I've ever had.
3	Ok, I guess a place like this works in Charlotte. I am between a 3 and 4 star for this place. I have been waiting for a LOOONG time to give the place a try, and just to show you how long I have been waiting for the occasion, I came on a Sunday, they were closed. I came after 10 one night on Friday they were closed. I live close to the south park area and have drove by the restaurant many other times. Last night though, I finally made it here.I have several problems with this place. Space wise, it just isn't really enough to accomodate the customers. At first I thought this would be a romantic kind of upscale dining option with delicious food. WRONG. The place was SOO loud I could not even have a conversation with the person I was with who sits only ummm..10 inch from me? Problem number 2. Our waiter(pale, heavy white male) was being pretty impatient with us. For an upscale dining experience, this is really not good. And he was pretty monotone and seemed bored trying to explain the fish of the day to us...Problem number 3. Waiter was being pushy, for ordering more and for getting in and out of there quick. Well I guess maybe they just simply is having a space issue. The parking. The parking lot is small, you will have a problem finding a spot. But the worse is, there is NOO way for my friend to back out, he had to reverse ALL the way out in order to drive out...the scariest parking experience ever. And my friend's car is pretty compact....This parking lot sounds like an accident bound to happen. The dumpster takes up half of the spot beside us so the lady could only park her car half way in...I wonder who's responsibility it would be if her car is accidentally damaged?The food. It's definitely above average. Was it life changing? No. The portions are wayy too small for the price. Literally my friend was even like," ohh, is that it to the dish?" For the price I paid I feel like I could have gotten more food and a less hectic experience at a better place. The food did roll out pretty fast. But then again...it's not like we are ordering home made pizza or something that would take a while to cook. The guy at the front who works as a hostess was awesome. The other person in my party had arrived before me. When I showed up, the hostess asked me if I was meeting a friend, I said yes and he answered "I know exactly where he is and showed me the way". On our way out, he also bid us farewell and wished us a nice night. Decoration is pretty rusty modern. They cover each table with the paper tablecloth with the restaurant's name on it. Two glasses per person, one for water, another empty glass for wine. Every table gets complimentary sour dough bread paired with oil and balsamic vinegar and roasted garlic dip. The menu is just one side, not many options really...Make sure you are ok with that. This is like an upscale tapas place but a tad less fun. Oh, they also have a nice outdoor seating lounge area...but I don't suppose you'll want to have a meal out there, maybe a drink. ONLY open for dinners Monday-Saturday. Come early or you'll have to wait.
5	A restaurant that truly lives up to its name:  Good Food, and one of the best dining experiences you can have in Crown Town at this time.The space is a simple building that was converted from an old dentist's office, with the kitchen closed off in the back and a small, but very intimate feeling space inside that doesn't leave the host with more than a coffee table to take names upon.  Still, there is a mix of seating at both a bar, high top tables, and a long bench row of seats with regular tables to match.  You'll feel closer to your fellow dinners, but it adds to the ambiance.  The lighting is just a bit dark and there are nice accents, like the fork and spoon light fixtures that hang above the bar.Speaking of which, any meal here should begin with a look over the small, yet thoughtful cocktail menu.  There is an obvious emphasis on using seasonal ingredients (which extends to the food menu) and creating unique flavors not found else where.  The wine list is also noteworthy here, not for its length, but for the depth of flavor profiles covered by the selections.  The wine by the glass selections are numerous, but don't miss the bottle section for even broader choices.The menu itself is a single page broken down into different courses, though everything is served as tapas style portions.  This encourages you to sample around the menu to craft a full meal and you'll be well-served to do so.  There are some mainstays on the menu, but other selections will rotate with the seasonal produce available.  Pick and choose as your taste buds tempt, as this kitchen has obvious skill across multiple different cuisines.Couple regular options you should give a serious look towards:1) Steamed Bun: five-spice pork belly and pickled vegetables in hoisin sauce between the softest steamed bun I've ever had.  The flavors all work well here and the texture of the pork and bun literally create a melt in you mouth experience contrasted by the light and bright crunch of julienned carrots and celery.  This is no more than 4 bites big, but the overall package is quite satisfying.  This may not be one to share.2)  The Cheese Plate:  Too many restaurants don't put enough thought into this, but GFOM shows 'em how it's done.  3 words to prove it: Truffled Plum Chutney.  Yes my gastronomic friends, it is as good as it sounds and pairs well with a buttery soft cheese such as the Camembert it's current paired with.  The plate also includes two other cheese selections, each paired with another flavor-enhancing side, such as local honey and a port-fig reduction sauce.  The cheese portions are comparatively small, but the overall plate is enough to have you going for every last flavorful crumb.And for my single best insider tip:3) The Green Curry Mussels with Truffled Pomme Frites (aka Truffle fries).  These are actually two separate menu items, but regulars and servers will almost insist you order them together.  The mussels are steamed to perfection in the most-heavenly green curry broth made rich with coconut milk and then packed with slivers of fresh green herbs.  Eat the mussels quickly and then move on to sop up the sauce with your plate of truffled pomme frites.  Flavorful with the earthiness of truffle in their own right, the fries are just substantial and moist enough to act like a sponge with the green curry sauce.  The taste combination is crazy complex but hearty and satisfying.  This is culinary excellence at work and makes for a most satisfying meal.Once that's done, the house-made dessert menu will stop by and it's always tempting with fresh, seasonal selections that are right-sized for two to share just a bite, without being some gigantic mess.  Current highlights there include banana pudding cheesecake (perfectly flavored without being too sweet) and a brownie with Biscoff ice cream.  Saving room will pay off here.So when you want to impress a date with a somewhat hidden gem, this should be a go-to for you in Crown Town.  Consistently great, with the right atmosphere for a classy yet casual evening.  A true must-try!
5	Good Food stands true to their name.  All through my meal with four others, all we kept saying was, "MMM!  This is so good!"  I've been recommended by other Charlotteans to check this place out and decided it would be a great opportunity to go for dinner with some out-of-town guests.The decor is super cute and welcoming and the host was just plain awesome.  He was funny and accommodating in a great, friendly way.  We were seated in no time, despite it being a busy Saturday night and proceeded to order 1-2 dishes per person and some yummy cocktails.  To some it up, their portions to me are just right (although probably small by other Southern standards), their cocktails are strong and their sauces are just plain delicious.  All of their pasta dishes were really tasty and would recommend if you're looking to just order 1 plate.No doubt, I will be back there very soon.  Cheers to good, affordable food in Charlotte!
5	It was the last day of our Charlotte trip and after days of eating BBQ and fried food, I was hankering for some pasta or SOMETHING else lol. The lovely hostess for our Charlotte trip suggested going to Good Food as she and her husband had never been there before either. The menu sounded okay and the prices looked good.The area was definitely a bumpin' night life scene with a pretty nice looking bowling alley across the street which was filled with people drinking and playing cornhole outside. Anyway, so, here's my breakdown of Good Food:- Tapas style, but larger portions (2 dishes should MORE than suffice your appetite!)- Not too expensive (around $10 a dish depending on what you get)- I tried the gnocchi, salmon & pomme frites - all delicious!- THE SAUCES ARE ON POINT HERE. All of our different dishes had an excellent sauce that could be engulfed all by itself.- My drink was the Blackberry Bourbon Smash - super strong, borderline tasted like cough syrup, but I didn't hate it! I actually quite enjoyed it.- Soothing ambiance, nice decor, good & attentive serviceThoroughly enjoyed my experience here with superb company!
5	Enjoyed Good Food last night around 745. Miraculously we got a table for 2 in less than 10 minutes. Had 3 small plates: pork schnitzel, risotto with peas, and the pasta with crumbled sausage. All were delicious. Great dessert-fresh peach with a raspberry ice cream, gelato or sorbet. Cocktails were good, spicy and not wimpy. Only thing is hate is parking on Montford. Good Food gets it right.
4	2 Words: Steamed BunAlthough the bill was a little high for the amount of food you get, this place is definitely worth a trip. Great service and ambiance. The chicken sausage gnocchi is also  MUST. Also really like the Korean Beef, wasn't a huge fan of the lamb belly
4	We finally went here for dinner last night. We tried a few times before but, didn't want to tough out the usually long wait. It was only about 20 minutes this time around which is very reasonable for a Friday night during prime dinner hours.The food was excellent, every thing was cooked perfectly and very well balanced from a flavor standpoint. Between the 4 of us we had the pomme frittes (X2), cheese plate, pork tenderloin, salmon, steamed bun, Arugula, falafel and the shrimp. We also did one dessert per couple. Service was good as well.Advice for people with more robust appetites: Go get a smoothie or something an hour or two before dinner or you might still be hungry after wards. That's what I plan to do if we go back. We weren't seated until about 8PM and I hadn't eaten since about 1PM. I was pretty hungry by that time and even after the amount of plates we ordered myself and the other guy wanted to go grab a burger or something afterward.
5	Delicious!  Our best meal in 3 days in the Charlotte area. We shared sweet corn risotto, pork buns, pork schnitzel, red snapper and grilled shrimp arepas.  OMG, one was better than the next. For dessert we shared chocolate pot de creme and banana pudding cheesecake. Scrumptious.
5	Go early! We waited an hour and a half for a table for 2 but it was worth the wait. Order a Good Karma at the bar and relax while waiting for a table. I had the cheese plate and charcuterie plate - the fois gras chicken liver mousse was to die for! I also had the confit lamb belly with freekeh which was heaven in my mouth. I wanted to try everything on the menu - my friends also recommend the falafel, risotto, and steamed pork bun - I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Charlotte!
5	Great, almost perfect meal! I had several of the fine menu items on my first visit and can recommend everything. They certainly know how to fix food there! And best of all the food was very reasonably priced! Highly recommended!
2	There's no doubt that the food is Good (presentation and ambience pretty great!) - but this review is about  the TERRIBLE service. Last week, I arrived at Good Food after work with a group of four friends. The time, 5:15pm. Weather, 90 degrees. We tried the door and it was locked. I thought maybe the restaurant was closed for a private event so I waved to someone inside to ask if we should go elsewhere. The server (manager?) came over and said that they would open at 5:30pm and then closed the door.  No offer for water, no offer for menus to look over while we waited... outside in the heat.  5:30 came around....then 5:35...5:40.... We thought it was weird that they hadn't opened so another friend in our group went to check. Oh...they HAD opened and unlocked the door...they just hadn't bothered to tell us. Thanks, pal. We were seated and the rest of the party arrived - table of seven. I can only assume that since they automatically add 20% tip (and will not split checks) for parties over 6, the server did not care about service. Unfriendly, impatient, inattentive.This experience was a real shame.
5	Just had one of the best dinning experiences of my life and it only lasted 35 minutes because I was running late, but I can not wait  to go back to Good Food.  At first glance Good Food is very inviting, with cork block walls and wood ceilings, a nicely stocked bar and an open kitchen, but what really gives it a nice fealing is its warm and inviting staff and of course the food. Our waiter Jeffrey was amazing we didn't tell him we were in a hurry, but our food moved out of the kitchen quickly throughout our meal and we never felt rushed. We did not order alchohol that night and he still treated us as if we were his only customers. Oh and did I mention our food?   We indulged ourselves in perfect portions of pea risotto, Korean beef stir fry, heirloom tomato  homemade mozzarella salad, and a cheese plate. When we went to leave our waiter said no dessert and we explained we were in a rush. He said no problem and quickly brought out our check and thanked us for coming, Another waiter saw us get up and asked if  everything was ok? He was truly concerned we were unhappy and we could not be more delighted with the service or our meal. Loved it!  Never have I seen a staff take so much pride in a restaurant. Can't wait to come back!
5	Damn.  Went at like 6 on Thursday so had no wait for a party of three.  Had six things on the menu.  No need to explain all that I had because I am sure everything on there is just as amazing as the food that I ordered which is why I'll be going back and ordering 6 completely different things.  Oh yes I will be back it was that good.
5	This place deserves the name.  Had the fish special, pork bun and mushrooms and all were fantastic.  Service was great.
4	Seeing as this is the only sit-down restaurant meal I've eaten in Charlotte, my review may be a bit skewed, but I didn't think this was the most OMG-amazing-I-can-die-happy-now meal of my life. My dining companion, who is much better versed in the local eats than I, assured me that this was the best meal he's ever consumed in the city. Despite this praise and his expertise, I found myself smiling and nodding so I didn't insult his home town by saying that it was good, but *just* good. Had the restaurant been named "Good food and not very good cocktails on Montford" I may have given it five stars for perfectly fulfilling its name, but instead I read the name as "The Best Food in Charlotte, Let Alone on Montford." Oops.Since I've already stopped being polite, I'll go ahead and begin with those very cocktails. At this point in the evening, having spent nearly three hours waiting in line to see the McAdenville Christmas lights, I was damn near delirious from lack of food and being imprisoned in a car. I was a little wary of how sour the Montford Gin Sour (meyer lemon house sour, Plymouth Gin, St. Germain, egg white) would be, wanting something more akin to "comfort drinks," so I went with the Mayflower (Plymouth Gin, agave nectar, basil, lime juice) which seemed like a safe bet. Though it was quite strong, it really lacked flavor from any of the elements other than the gin. How can you mess up "safe"? The Sour ended up not being terribly sour but did lack the body that the egg white should have developed in the drink. I can't speak to the quality of Justin's Good Old Fashioned, but he assured me it followed the trend of strong drinks and was well pieced together. The chocolate-chili dessert cocktail, the Hot Chocolate Martini, was the best composed of the four for the evening and I was a bit bummed I couldn't have more since I pulled the short straw and was driving back. Good Food's cocktail program may not be as sophisticated as I prefer, but it did one thing right: it easily got my boyfriend drunk. That's saying a lot for an Irishman who can hold his liquor, so ladies, take note...and take advantage.We ordered the cheese plate to whet our palates while we browsed the rest of the menu, picking out more than enough to satisfy our hunger. The three cheeses were well paired with with honey/fennel, jam and truffle chutney, and overall was my second favorite part of the meal. My number one dish was the parmesan gnocchi with roasted chicken, mushrooms and arugula with porcini broth (which is a huge compliment as I generally do not like mushrooms), and I really enjoyed the green curry mussels. Justin liked the crispy Korean beef, the steamed bun was good, and the let down of the night was the scallops with grits.As the reality of the amount of not-so-small plates we ordered was setting in...into our waistlines, we were offered the dessert menu. Never one to turn it down, we gave it a glance and I ordered the malt flavored cheesecake and Justin got the aforementioned dessert cocktail. At this point in the evening, we were the only diners remaining yet the girls helping us were still very helpful. The cheesecake had the consistency and taste of a slightly-malted flavored flan -- not your typical cheesecake but quite beautiful. It was garnished with crushed malt candies, i.e., Whoppers, which made it that much better since they remind me of my childhood.
5	Since June '09, we've been back to Good Food on numerous occasions. Love it. The Korean beef is awesome (but get ready for a kick!) as is the pork bun, broccoli with cheese curds and, well, just about everything. They've stepped up their game over the years and can honestly say I'll be back ... alot. Do wish they were on OpenTable though.
5	Wanting to try this for awhile, when our friends from Raleigh came in town they wanted us to take them out.  What better thing than to try a new place? We (party of six) put our name on the list at 6 and by 7, we had a table.  TAKE NOTE- if you don't want to wait at least an hour here--- be there when they open! It's a gem on Montford and people know Good Food has Good Food!!! We had a phenomenal server and the food experience was to-die-for.  Honestly, we ordered almost everything on the menu, including all three seasonal desserts and everything was perfection on a plate.  My top favorites were the steamed mussels, the steamed bun (never had anything quite like this!), and the desserts.  I loved, loved, loved the small plates experience with a large group because we each tried everything that came out..... The food comes out as it's prepared so it's hot and fresh and it's like a new surprise for your palate! I can't wait to go back!!!!
4	Good Food is a modest name for the culinary delights awaiting you. We ate at Good Food on Montford for the first time on a recent Saturday evening, arriving around 5:50 and were seated promptly at one of the last two-top tables (shortly after we arrived they started seating separate groups of 2 at one 6-top with a seat between.) We ordered a variety of small plates including the green curry mussels and truffle fries (thanks to previous reviews recommending this pairing), the steamed bun, quail lettuce wraps, shrimp arepas and parmesan gnocchi with pistachio pesto. Everything was perfect. It was obvious that every ingredient in every dish was perfectly thought out and expertly prepared. Even ingredients like beets which we typically avoid were transformed into something delicious. After all those plates you'd think we'd be too stuffed for dessert, but the chocolate brownie with cookie butter ice cream was beckoning me and was also delicious.The restaurant is small, so as previous reviews have stated, you'll want to arrive shortly after opening. You're also sitting pretty close to your neighbors (especially along the right-side wall where we were seated - I know a little more than I'd like about our fellow diner's teenage children, and ended up with a little bit of wax on my foot when another diner knocked their candle off the table.) Arrive early, or you may be waiting or sitting at a 6 top with strangers. Because it is small plates and you order throughout the dining experience, I imagine it's hard for the hosts to provide an average wait time - you could technically sit there all night and keep ordering plate after plate (and you'll be tempted to!!)
3	Many of my area foodie-cronies oft-hail Good Food as "the best restaurant in Charlotte". Though it's located but a stone's throw from my office, I had never taken the opportunity to dine there. Perhaps because of the heavy, universal praise it receives I had relegated it to some mythic status worthy only of an extremely special occasion. Through the birthday wishes of my esteemed friend Katherine, however, my hand was forced, and on a breezy Tuesday evening in October I finally cracked Good Food's threshold. We had on this night a crew of seven, which pushes the limits of Good Food's per-table capacity - but though they take no reservations, they easily and quickly accommodated our party (just by glancing through the restaurant's open front glass as I walked up past the posh little stuffed-sofa lounging area on the patio out front, I had taken note of the bustling little bar and seemingly cramped dining space and pessimistically doomed-and-gloomed us to not getting a table any time soon - way to prove me wrong, Good Food!). We were seated in the back near rear the rear exit and greeted promptly by our server...If I may break from my review narrative for a moment and go on a not-colorful tangent: Our waitress was extraordinarily pregnant. I'm not sure why I found this so troubling, but it vexed me greatly. While I completely understand an expectant mother's need and desire to continue working and earning money while gestating a child, that somehow doesn't gel well with a dining experience. In my mind, very-pregnant women should not be on their feet serving me food and drinks. It's odd. It makes me feel like a jerk. I wanted so badly to offer her my chair and maybe even go so far as to extend to her the courtesy of foot massage. Yet, circumstantially, most would argue that that would have been an odd thing to do. I felt like I was in a weird social trap with no chivalrous outlet. So, ultimately, I just sat up really straight and tried not to curse too much. Back to the review: Good Food's dining area is nothing short of "adorable" - the quotes are for implying a sort of quaint/artsy/charming/small aspect to that adorability. It is dim and loud, with various eras of exposed brick lending their geometry to the perimeter, browns and yellows and old bronze colors filling the whole of the palette, and ornate crossworks of fused forks and spoons and knives creating the lightshades and wall-art. There's nothing exceptional about the decorations of the space itself, but it all coalesces into being very successful at establishing what it means to. Drinks here trend toward wine and fancy cocktails, not surprisingly, but there are a handful of well-selected local beers available as well. I tried the elderflower martini - it burned soft and was cleverly earthy, but somehow felt unbalanced. On subsequent rounds I just ordered NoDa brewing's Hop Drop n Roll. The beer felt uncouth for the situation, but it's what I wanted.  Katherine, being the expert on Good Food's multi-round-small-plates ordering methodology, got us started with some pomme frites, a couple hot little dishes of steamed broccoli and battered cheddar, and a rather fancy cheese plate. All served quickly, all tasty, and all presented cleanly without pretense - I appreciate a subtle plating. Yet, I was not quite impressed.For a "main course", my ladyfriend and I went splitsies on the seared scallops and a daily special of grouper served atop mixed veggies. Others at our table opted for the gnocchi or the garganelli pasta - which we all bandied about and sampled from incautiously, which seems to be the way of Good Food. Again, each dish was perfectly cooked, nicely seasoned, and promptly served... but I was still not quite impressed. Katherine, now five martinis in and guffawing heartily at AJ's even silliest quips, was ready for more and so we commenced desserts. We all shared spoonsful of a decadent chocolate-and-peanut butter brownie cake type thing as well as a so-sweet-it-hurt strawberry cheesecake. With these I was nearly impressed - but I'm hardpressed to qualify desserts as a reason to elevate a restaurant's food-status. After paying our three-hundred-dollar tab, we left feeling happy, not too full, and a little bit buzzed. Which I supposed is a very grown-up alternative to the stuffed-and-wasted condition through which my friends and I usually stumble our way out of a restaurant. In the end my assessment is that while good, Good Food is not great. There are a dozen restaurants in Charlotte that, in my mind, are just as tasty for half the price and twice the fun. But I also accept that perhaps, gluttonous and ravenous that I am, I might not be Good Food's ideal patron. If you're sophisticated, overpaid, and perpetually on a diet... this is probably the best restaurant in Charlotte.
5	Scallops are very good!
5	This place always makes us happy. Simple, creative small plates. Good wine. How can you go wrong. Not too cheap for sure but worth a nice night out for sure.
5	Tapas-style review for Tapas-style restaurant.  Nervously waiting for Lolli to show up, hostess' spider-sense alerts her.  Glass of clear, pristine water arrives.  All should be well.Order the Korean BBQ dish at some point.  The music returns - Dvorak's Op. 81(a).Mussels are magical.  Just enough ocean to whisk you away sea-side.  Steamed buns are space-bound.  That's just fun to say.  I'm listening to Eminem.Desserts as sweet as Lolli.  I liked everything about the cheesecake and the apple spice ... pie, I think it was.  Drink orders - perfect.  Timing on second drink - impeccable.  Great dining experience due to good food or good company?  In this case, the chicken or the egg?All is well.dmo out.
4	Took some out of town friends here for dinner during the week. Place was very busy and not much room to wait - especially if it's cold outside. We ended up waiting quite a while to get a table and was pushed back in line when a "friend" of the manager showed up (aka Nascar driver). We sat at the bar and enjoyed some great wine. The host and the manager were extremely apologetic about the wait and gave us drinks on the house. When we were finally seated, we almost ordered the entire menu. There were 4 of us and we wanted to try as much as we could without duplicating plates. Some plates were def. larger than others. The two pasta dishes were great as well as the pork belly sandwich, and broccoli with cheese curds. There wasn't a bad plate to be had. Also, the manager gave us a few appetizers on the house for our wait. Overall, great food, cool atmosphere, and a very attentive and graceful wait staff. Will definitely go back. Probably a little tight for a larger dinner party, good for a party of 4 or less.
3	Pretty much everything is good. I am a vegetarian so I stick the small plates. They have a wonderful selection of wine. The only thing that bothered me was the fact that they put potato in their falafel with is NOT okay!!!!
4	This is a hot spot right now - so waits are long on key nights - Thurs, Fri and Sat after 6pm you will likely have up to a 2 hour wait and the bar is not very big.  The parking lots are also pretty small too, so finding a spot can take a minute.I loved the Fig Smash cocktail - really yummy! but then I am a fig fanatic. The dining room is loud but cozy. The plates are all small and share-able - really delish. I would have to call out the Steamed Bun, the truffle pommes frites, braised duck with fettuccine and the farfalle.They don't take reservations, so you have to basically show up and put your name in. I would definitely come back , but I think I will plan for less popular nights of the week. My last visit was on Friday and the place was crazy. I showed up early to meet a friend and put in our name for a group of 6- I sat at the bar and enjoyed some drinks while we waited for the table to be ready. Special kudos to the server who gave us some of his "secret sauce"!
5	I would eat here every weekend, if possible. I love Good Food on Montford. Love.Looks are deceiving, but I think that is what they were going for when they picked this location. From the outside, it's nothing flashy but a solid frame with floor to ceiling glass front windows. The interior is modern, contemporary and very tasteful. They nailed the minimalist and cozy ambiance. They have each table set and ready for your arrival.I really like the small tapas plate concept. You can pick and choose various dishes to share with your partner. Awww, romantic. Tip: Get 2 steamed buns so you won't end up fighting over it; it is that delicious you each want your own. I'm going to make it my mission to try each item...the quail wraps and Korean beef were very flavorful. They focus on seasonal dishes using local and/or organic options. Fab. The wine selection was very good and the servers make great recommendations. Last, but not least was the dessert. They had the most fantastic blackberry ice cream (yes, it was a few seasons ago) paired with a cake or cobbler dish. Mmmm.The service was fantastic! Just the perfect amount of attention balanced with privacy. The most perfect dining experiences are when you lose track of time, deep in conversation, eating fantastically prepared food, and dishes are each a work of art. You will get all of that at Good Food. My favorite. Just wish they would accept reservations.
5	This place was amazing! The wait took awhile, but luckily two spots opened up at the bar so we just sat there. It was my boyfriend and my first time there so we took a couple suggestions from our server/bartender. We got a variety of things:  the mussels, which were by far our favorite. It was soaked in green curry and made an amazing sauce for the pita bread. The parmesan gnocchi, Korean beef and the pomme frites. Everything was great, the service, atmosphere, and food.  We will definitely be back.
5	Awesome food !  We had 3 dishes and each one was outstanding.  The place was packed on a Tuesday night.
4	I've been a regular here for the last few months and never had a bad meal. Instead of recommending any particular dish, I'd suggest trying everything on the menu one item at a time. I did and I can't think of a single dish that didn't beat my expectations.The lines are long though. Wish they'd expand to a bigger location!
5	Amazing food.  A best of best in Charlotte.  Reservations are a must, at least a week ahead.  Their cocktails eclectic and interesting.  Food amazing.
5	While in Charlotte, NC my girlfriend and I ate at Good Food for dinner.  We went here due to the popularity and rating on Yelp and figured we wouldn't be disappointed with the food.  When we arrived, there wasn't too long of a wait but enough time to grab a cocktail at the bar.  For the chilled options, I tried the Charcuterie and the Beef Carpaccio Giardiniera.  I enjoyed both of these dishes.  I had the Confit Lamb Belly which was very good but when they say small plates they really mean small plates.  My girlfriend ordered a pasta she enjoyed also.  Overall, we both enjoyed this place and would recommend to anyone looking for a quality dinner in Charlotte.
4	We tried it the weekend before Christmas.Odd experience, I enjoyed the food but a large branch on the tree out front tried to fall on us before we were seated. The employees did everything correctly after the tree fell but it was just very surprising as my wife and my friends pregnant wife attempted to run and I attempted to catch the falling branch.Beef Carpaccio: Very good, great balance with the acid.Pomme Frites: Excellent friesBraised Duck Fettucini: A  tad rich but quite tastyCrispy Quail Lettuce Wraps: The meat was a bit under(I prefer it this way but pregnant lady at the table)Steamed Bun: Great, can be a bit spicy in case you don't like thatConfit Lamb Belly: Best bite of the evening the lentils were incredible.Korean Beef: The scallion Kim Chi is awesomeFresh Catch: Monkfish over Oyster Stew The monkfish was great but the oyster stew only worked as a sauce.The deserts were meager and I would recommend going elsewhere.
4	Go early or prepare to wait.  Go to Good Food when you are feeling patient.  If you do have to wait, walk across the street and get a drink at Park Lanes bowling alley/bar - Good Food will text you when your table is ready. The food is so good, if you aren't a patient person - try the restaurant on a Mon-Wed night.Small space - Don't arrive with a big group - this a restaurant for smaller parties.  Also, don't expect this to be a quiet romantic meal - the restaurant is small and the table next to you is so close it's almost like they are part of your table.  Tapas style food - Depending on how much you want to eat this could be good or bad - for me the portions are perfect, for my 6"5 boyfriend not so much .  For a more hearty dish order the Garganelli pasta which is very filling.  If you want something a little ethnic tasting, order the Paparadelle with spiced lamb cheeks which is a little sweet, a little spicy so watch out for the kick.  If you are prepared for the things above, you will no doubt be blown away by the food.  Everyone mentions the steamed bun, which is no doubt delicious and flavorful.  If you try one and split it, you will likely want to order a second so just go ahead and order two.  I've ordered the scallops here several times and they are always cooked to perfection.  The cheese plate was delicious, salmon was good and bigger than I expected but not my favorite item on the menu.  The corn risotto is the only thing I've had that was just ok - I would pass on this and leave room for more of the really, really good foods.  The gnocchi and the pomme frites (with some truffle oil) were very tasty.Check out more on my blog: http://hungrytotravel.wordpress.com/
5	I am in love. Seriously in love with this restaurant! The atmosphere was quirky upscale and the wait staff was excellent. The food - oh my goodness - it was fantastic. Everything is so well thought out. We found ourselves later wishing we would have got some extra portions to go it was so good! We started with the farm house cheeses and just loved how they paired them with different chutney. Our favorite was the rabbit gnocchi. Who knew rabbit could be so tasty! - I'm not a gamey type of eater but the rabbit was not overwhelming in the delicious broth with the creamy goodness of the gnocchi. The the steamed bun (made with pork belly) was also outstanding.Overall this is definitely a favorite for me of all the places I've visited in Charlotte but be prepared to go early or wait a long time (no reservations). We arrived at 6:30 on a Friday night and waited about 20 minutes for a table of 2. They will take your phone number and call you when your table is ready so if you needed - the restaurant is small and fairly crowded at the bar - you could walk next door and have a drink if you can't find space at the bar.
4	My family and I went on a Saturday night. Luckily we went early because there were several parties waiting for tables when we left. Since we had a large group and it is tapis style we were able to try a lot. The scallops and quail were excellent! The menu changes quarterly so we will definitely be back again to try new dishes!
4	Great place to go with Friends or Date Night. Everything is served tapas style. I would recommended ordering a couple of items and splitting it between your party so that you can try a little of everything. It's is a bit expensive but the food is defiantly worth it!
4	The reviews here sound so good so I expect nothing less.  It met my expectations but I saw some items in the pics here on Yelp that aren't on the menu anymore (kind of a bummer).  Here are my dishes:Sauted mushroom.... My fav of the meal.... cooking was done in super high heat to yield a nice seared exterior on each piece of mushroom.  Very hard to do at home and they did it well.Scallop -   Not crazy about the complements (cheesy grits and a cooked Endive that tasted blah).  The scallop was fine.  Arugula Salad - didn't taste too special but hey, it's a salad.  Thumbs up for lots of pecans and chucks of goat cheese and a big bed of leaves.Lamb Cheek tagine - this was a new item on the menu and I'm not too crazy about it.  tasted like a tomato based stew without  a lot of lamb flavor.  the meat is shredded and portion size pretty small given it's mounted on a bed of coucous inside a mini-tagine.House Bread -  bread was cold.  Hate restaurants that don't bother to warm up the bread.   It comes with balsmic in olive oil.   Service - you have to flag down the staff to order more stuff but it was the right level of service without being too intrusive.  water was refilled several times without prompt... thumbs up.Got there on a Tue night around 6:30 pm and the place was almost packed.  Wow, such a busy place.  People tend to sit for a long time at their tables so get there early or late if you don't want to wait.
4	GREAT date night atmosphere!  They always have great suggestions for wine and change up the menu with the seasons.  Sitting at the bar and having one tapas at a time is my favorite way to go!  Share with a friend and sample array of great food.
5	Yes. This place is awesome. I only wish it was a little bigger and had more tables. It's usually pretty packed, but that's because it is so good. The steamed bun is ridiculously good. The shrimp arepas (not really an arepa, but their "take" on it) are incredible too. The staff is great and I like the atmosphere. There is seating out front to hang out and have a drink while you wait too. It's not cheap, but it's worth it. Portions are not very big either, but this is a quality over quantity experience. Try it.
5	I really enjoyed the tapas here. We asked the chef to bring out his favorites as to not miss anything. What a great choice. It didn't disappoint. We also tried ALL of the desserts. We literally tasted the menu.
5	Stopped here on the way through Charlotte.  I am always a sucker for a good tapas place, but it is unusual to have tapas without the Latin feel of the restaurant... but in a good way.  The service was amazing, food was out of this world, and the ambience was perfect.  I have nothing negative to say about my experience, except maybe the bill.  If only Good Food would do a buy one, get one free deal or a Groupon.  I'm not going to hold my breath though since they certainly aren't hurting for business.
3	Going to be short, to the point, and honest. Food was good, prices high, portions small. The photos you see, take those portions and half them and then you won't be  surprised. Quality over quantity...perhaps, but I would argue that. Be prepared to spend a lot, eat a little, and enjoy the evening. Had to give it 3 stars because 4 stars is "yay I'm a fan" and I'm not quite there. Still had fun though!
4	Quickly becoming one of my fav dinning spots in CLT! Would be 5 stars except only short coming being the wine list which one expects to have more depth. However food is simply incredible. Great service to boot!!
4	2.5 years later and this place is hitting the marks.This time the dinner party sat at the bar which was empty (we didn't RSVP).This is when I realize that there is no TV at the bar. You won't hear me complain about that. Service was good enough. She kept our drinks filled and checked in occasionally.Food was still excellent. The charcutier plate offered 3 meat (3 slices each) along with a small thing of foie gras & chicken liver mousse and grilled bread. I never had foie gras before, it was very tasteful. The other person said it was solid and he had eaten foie gras everywhere. Next up was Korean Beef. It was a little small in portion, but another taste explosion. Beef were cooked medium rare and sliced and sat on top of a square crispy rice cake with the whole thing topped with grilled scallions and covered in spicy kimchi sauce. It hit the spot just right. We also mixed in the old standby PEI Mussels in green curry & coconut broth. This is always my favorite. I wish there were more than 2 pieces of pita. I swear I would pick up that bowl and lick it if I could. And lastly we had the steamed bun. It is one steamed bun for the record. It makes sharing a little difficult. But it was very good, the pork belly was meaty not fatty, and the flavor was perfect.I'm really glad to see that a place can consistently put out quality food. The price is not that bad for what you got. Believe me, I've paid more for worse which is nothing I like to brag about.GFOM, well done, and keep up the good work.
5	Great place to eat. The atmosphere is electrifying. If you go on a weekend evening, it is packed with young people. Their food is excellent. Pomme frites, garganelli and southern fried quail hit the home run for me. Will go there over and over again!
5	Went here with my girlfriend for our anniversary. Literally the best dinner I've had in the city. Surpassed the hype. If you haven't been here, you're missing out.The Parmesan & truffle risotto might be one of the best things I've ever had, no joke it's that good. Their brussel sprouts are unlike any I've had, truly unique and amazing. The steamer bun with Pork belly was INCREDIBLE. The bun was so soft and light, it was like eating a delicious buttered pillow haha! The Parmesan gnocchi again was some of the best homemade pasta I've tasted to date. Last but NOT least the pork tenderloin served schnitzel style with the poached egg on top was my FAVORITE. I was lost for words, so tender and so perfectly seasoned.
4	We thought this restaurant lived up to its name, good food and decent cocktails.  We knew there was going to be a wait, so we got there right as it opened and still had to sit at the bar! After it was all said and done, we thought this place was good, but overhyped.
5	Highly recommend!!! This place has the perfect portions of everything and is one of my top 5 favorites in Charlotte. A little loud but Great environment. Don't bother going after 6 though or the wait is 2 hours plus.
5	Our first visit to this exceptional spot did not disappoint. Our server Paige had all the right ingredients to make our experience amazing, including but not limited to thoughtful menu suggestions, background info on the restaurant and the family that runs it, and an authentic and easy-going personality. We loved her. Despite hearing reports of long waits for a table, we ended up being seated within 15 minutes. Luck? Perhaps. It was only Wednesday... But the place was full at 7:30pm! Virtually everyone suggested the mussels, so of course we ordered them. Honestly? The green curry sauce that these perfectly cared-for mussels are swimming in, is one of the best things we have ever tasted. Seriously. Order them.We got the pomme frites, also amazing, topped off by the suggestion from Paige to dip these crispy delights into the green curry sauce!!! Trust. Do it. Next came the steamed bun, which according to my dining partner, is a play on the traditional Korean steamed buns. Rather than being a closed up bun with all the ingredients closed inside, the bun is folded over the sinful pork belly. Simply incredible. Texture, flavor... Wow. We ordered the Brussel sprouts. Again, perfection. So much deliciousness. Lastly, the garganelli. Literally tears came to my eyes at the first bite. Between the perfectly cooked pasta, the impeccably spiced sausage, and the sauce that tied it all together... It was sensory overload. I will dream of this dish. The care and passion of the chef, staff and owners comes through in the vibe, the decor, the interactions between servers/staff, and most importantly... The Good Food. Highly recommend.
5	The only thing on this menu I have not tried is the seafood options due to allergy. Other than that, every single thing on this menu is insane. I have taken all sorts of people to this place from all over the world, and everybody has been blown away by what a meal you can have.Asian style steamed bun and Korean beef to Italian style risotto and mushrooms. I cant get enough of this place. On a nice evening, waiting outside isn't an issue, grab a drink and relax and very comfortable outdoor furniture.It can get loud, but that doesn't phase the like of myself. Luckily, I live around the street and get to frequent this place.
3	Sorry to do this but I have to down grade my earlier review.  The food here is still outstanding,  but there was very questionable behavior by the seating host. Since this amazing restaurant only takes walk ins it really matters when you don't honor the wait list and we watched it happen.  We were waiting for a table by the host station when someone he knew came in. The couple 2 minutes before her got told  there would be a 30-45 minutes wait. He put her name on the list. We were just getting dessert and asked to be seated at the bar and waited 30 minutes too, which was fine. His friend sat down next to us with the restaurant still packed and a few minutes later was seated. There where several other parties still on the seating list. To me that's a big no no. I like this restaurant a lot, but there are so many great places that do take reservations in town and the clientele seems to be dressed to the nines lately.  So will I get seated faster if I dress better or no someone? It's very hard to get in and out of the parking and no I have to wear a dress and my husband has to wear a bow tie to get the hosts attention?  I might as well go to Barringtons. I miss the old Good Food. :(
5	Oh my gosh I can't believe I have taken this long to check this place out!My husband and I went here for the first time last night. Since it was a Monday, it was basically empty. We were told to take our time ordering a bit at a time, which was nice. Tapas style is better slow!We both ordered Dog Fish 90 min IPA. Honestly, their craft beer selection wasn't that great and their wines by the glass list was just ok. However, I did notice some really amazing sounding cocktails. We started off with the Steam Bun and Mushroom Ravioli. The steamed bun was phenomenal. Like crazy good! The ravioli also stood out on it's own as well.....too bad I have never liked peas cause my husband said the bed of peas the raviolis were sitting on was really good. Next, we ordered the clams, salmon, and fries. The green curry sauce in the clams was so good. I mean they offer to bring you more bread to soap it all up! The clams were super tender, melted in our mouths. The fries were good, you really could taste the truffle oil in them. I didnt really eat much of the salmon cause I was so full at that point. We had our plates piled up and the waiter asked if we wanted more bread cause we still had alot of the green curry sauce left. We declined and then he asked if we dipped our fries in it. What the heck was I thinking?? He said next time, eat all the clams and then dump the fries into the green curry juice. Genius. We also decided to splurge and got the chocolate cheesecake for dessert. Super smooth. Tasted like a chocolate bar!All in all it was an amazing meal from beginning to end. Each tapa plate is around $10 as a FYI. Will absolutely return!
5	Along with Soul, this places has the best tapas in the QC. Their menu is exciting and changing. The only issue is that the place is always packed because the food is so good!
2	On a Saturday got there at 6:45pm and was told, 1 hour to 1.5 hours..2 hours and 15 minutes later still waiting. Seating host says that we don't rush anyone who is finished with their dinner. Not even a table of 6 and 2 of the people left and the other 4 were sitting and talking, with their to go bags on the table.  Meanwhile 2 other groups of 4 left because it took so long..host did pick up our bar tab (2 drinks) but we left because management doesn't have control over their restaurant and obviously were not concerned about us who had been waiting over 2 hours. ..now will not go back and will be sure to let everyone know about our  experience. ..yes we did go to Braswells to have drinks, so they are happy about Good Food's crowd control problem and now Georges Brasiere even happier we came to them for dinner and an excellent meal. (By the way..read review from 5/9/14...had a problem with the seating host as well.)
5	The creative tapas menu is as varied as it is delicious. There is something for anyone who is looking for food that is tantalizing to the taste buds.The service is unintrusive, yet you never want for anything. Well worth the wait if necessary.
4	Great place to eat
5	Awesome place to share some smaller plates, or just get a variety for yourself. The food is brought out as it is ready, so everything is hot. Get the pomme frites...yum. Go early if you can, like right when they open at 5:30. The space isn't very large and the wait times can get crazy.
4	Good Food?  Should be called GREAT food!!  I am SO excited I finally made it to this household-named restaurant!  I have been desperate to check them out but my husband isn't one for tapas so we never made it a priority.  This past Friday I was able to enjoy my tapas in peace because I dined with three other ladies that were more than willing to try everything!  It was perfect!!  We arrived on Friday around 7:30 and were seated within about 30 minutes, which isn't bad considering they don't take reservations.The waitress was super helpful in guiding us through the menu and gave us some suggestions.  Some of the plates are really best for 2 people and others were enough for the 4 of us to share.  We tried so many different things I don't even know where to start.  I will just break it down dish by dish:Broccoli Raab--Very good, refreshing, flavored well, served chilled, not too bitterArugala--Strawberries, pine nuts, and goat cheese...can you even go wrong?Cheese plate--Meh.  I mean blue cheese made an appearance, really?  Come on.Falafel--Scrumptious...4 little falafel nuggets.  Left me panting for more..so good.Risotto--Not sure what flavors were combined to make this yummy goodness but it was on pointGnocchi--With RABBIT.  Yup, I ate rabbit.  First time ever folks.  The gnocchi was excellent.  The rabbit was tender and flavorful.  It was not doubt gamey but blended well with the other flavors.  It was a table favorite.Steamed Bun--This one has the most hype around it but it wasn't necessarily our favorite.  The pork was so tough and the flavors were ok but it wasn't THAT great.Mussels--My first time trying Mussels!  I don't have anything to compare these to but the others were loving these mussels.  They were in a green curry sauce and they were served with soft, warm, naan.  We all started dipping the bread in the sauce afterwards...and we even ordered more naan.  It was very good!!Pork tenderloin--Another group favorite..so tender, full of flavor, served with a soft piece of cornbread.  Very good!!We wrapped up our pigfest by grubbing down a brownie served with biscoff icecream.  The brownie was warm with chocolate chips...it was thin, not very moist, just okay in my opinion.  The icecream was very creamy.  We licked the plate, don't let me fool you.Overall--great experience.  Atmosphere is loud and crowded but energizing.  I love the hustle in this place.  People are eating well and are satisfied!  Prices are a little high but the quality of food makes it worth it.  I'll be back no doubt!
5	I live in New York City, and a client of mine took me here for dinner one night. I have to say, this is one of the best restaurants that I have been to-- ANYWHERE. The drinks (I got some sort of Gin drink with egg white in it?) and wine list area great. But the food is the star. I can't remember EVERYTHING we got, but I cannot think of one thing that we got where I wasn't saying, "Oh my GOSHHHH!" every time I tried it. Here are the things I can remember: Cheese plate-- deliciousPomme Frites-- OH. MY. GAWD.Steamed Bun-- Delicious... very very good.However, the stand out dish for me was the mussels dish  (Green Curry, Coconut Milk & Cilantro). This is last meal of your life good. Like "you are thinking about it when you leave contemplating how fat you'd appear to be if you went back after your work function and got 7 orders of it to go to your hotel room" good.The dessert, cappuccino, service, everything was top top notch and I've been to some of the best restaurants in NYC. To top it all off, the place is not even remotely pretentious. Friendly bar tenders, servers, even the manager/owner who knew the client I brought was talking us up the whole time. It's both laid back and upscale at the same time so you can put your elbows on the table and enjoy a good conversation while getting a great, upscale meal. That is, if you can fit anything else on the table along with all of the plates filled with delicious food.I cannot WAIT to go back.
4	We are so glad to have tried this wonderful tapas restaurant out. It is very sleek and clean on the inside. The service is also great. We tried 7 different plates. I would recommend the mussels with the green curry that is heavenly along with the pomme frittes. Another definite must-try is the calamari.  We arrived about 6pm on a weekday, and there was no wait-time. Also, 6 plates would be perfect to fill the bellies of two people.
5	Loved it, just bit pricey
4	Good Food on Montford: as the name implies the establishment serves good food and does so without gimmick. The small, primarily candle-lit restaurant is warm, intimate and inviting. Great location for a date or girl's night out. The restaurant does not get too loud but there is a high level of background noise which may make it difficult for conversation for a large group or someone that struggles to hear in that environment.  The design incoprorates raw architectural elements and effortlessly makes one feel at ease in an upscale restaurant. Due to its popularity, the wait tends to be long and unfortunately the restaurant does not accept reservations. Fortuantely, there is a nice front patio where a large party can wait. Alternatively, my friends and I have taken advantage of going to Brazwell's, a sports bar located immediately nextdoor to have a drink. Conveniently, the restaurant will text you when your table is ready. The staff is friendly and helps you to navigate the generous tapas and wine selection. Food is presented in an inspiring fashion. Everything I have tried was delicious and I particularly enjoyed the steamed bun. The portions are small. After sharing 4-5 tapas with a girl friend, I still left hungry which is typically a complaint reserved for my male friends about tapas restaurants. Overall, a great restaurant! I highly recommend it and look forward to going back to visit.
5	Wow, what a fabulous surprise this place was for me last night. Great ambiance, cocktails, and service! The food was outstanding, especially the salmon and lobster dish. The small plates were perfect and allowed us to try several very tasty dishes. Our server, Jeffrey, nailed it as far as professional service goes. Highly recommend this place. I'll be back for sure.
4	Food was good but not amazing -- lots of eccentric tastes to be honest but a cool environment. Very small portions for the amount you pay but I enjoyed my visit here overall.
4	Good food, not great food. good enough to get four stars. Their portion sizes are smaller than your average tapas so make sure to order plenty!
2	We've been here twice: First time, had great food. Second time, we never even got seated. We waited 30+ minutes (after being told 15), and saw multiple different groups walk in after us (we were a group of 2, they were 4), ask for a table, and they were seated before us. We were visibly waiting the entire time... not sure what their host was thinking, but I have no intention of returning. There are plenty of other great restaurants in Charlotte that cater to paying customers.
5	Montford delivers what it sells. Trendy ambiance, modest wait times, well mixed drinks, and delicious food. Waiter was very friendly and helpful, and made this dinner thoroughly enjoyable. Loved the gnocchi, fish special, and pork belly. Will come back here again.
5	We sat at the bar since we were told there would be an hour long wait for a table. Everything we ordered was delicious. The mussels in green curry were the stand out of the evening. We also had the steam bun, the korean beef, the beef carpacio, pork carnitas, and the fries. The drinks were excellent I tried the gin sour, the sage caperina, and the spiced chocolate ganache martini; my hubby had the old fashioned. We finished the meal with the root beer float cupcake, I highly recommend it was very unique and a perfect end to the meal.
5	This place is awesome. Yeh you probably have to wait, but that's what the bar is for and there are other places around to check out and grab a drink. The host and bartenders were so nice and very helpful with recommendations and assurance on getting us seated asap. We went pretty late since we were aware of the waits there. The restaurant was very clean, the food was superb, staff was super friendly, and location made the wait bearable. Looking forward to going back. No food recommendations here because everything was impressive. Seriously
5	Insanely good foodThe Name says it All it really is good food.A listThe truffle friend are to die for.The braised rabbit gnocchi is so tender.And The steamed bun is so full of flavor.This is one of the best places in charlotte so Dont miss it
5	Best restaurant in Charlotte. Get the curry mussels then add the pomme frites in the sauce. Oh my.
5	Amazing! The food was excellent and our server Johnathan was knowledgable and attentive. I have Celiac and they did a great job with gluten free options for me. I can't wait to return.
5	Fun atmosphere, great tasting small plates, nice selection of wine, friendly staff. The food is beautiful and delicious. We shared about 7 dishes between the three of us and were able to try a lot of yummy things plus have room for dessert.
4	definitely one of the better restaurants in charlotte!our server was SUPER nice and laidback! loved her!had the..steamed pork bun: pretty standard compared to ones i have tried at other restaurants, good!scallops: good! the butternut squash sauce was super delicious! cooked perfectlykorean crispy beef: was semi-skeptical but it was actually good! the two sauces were flavorful and the beef was cooked perfectlysausage pasta: i am not a huge fan of pasta, but our server raved about is so we had to get it .. the sausage was flavorful but i wouldn't say it was the most amazing pasta everoverall, all the dishes were good! loved the service and the atmosphere!
5	What an awesome evening and fun dinner at a Good Food at Montford!!  We had the Charcuterie, Pome Frittes, Paneer, Scallops, Mussels and Apple Cobbler and all were simply delicious!  We can't wait to go back!!!
5	Wow, the name does not let you down at all. Took two buddies in town from NYC and they were thoroughly impressed. The Green Curry Mussels, Garganelli, and Pork Carnitas were my favorite but everything we ordered was great. Portions were very generous for being small plates. Highly recommended!
5	The name it says it all.Good food for sure.I love this place.
4	I can't say anything bad about any of the food. I only gave them 4 stars, instead of 5, cuz I wish the portions were larger. But yummmmmmmm!
5	I have a favorite tapa place back home,But good food might actually beat that place. Everything we had was delicious and the service was great. You can't make reservations and it fills up fast, but the food is worth the wait.
4	Food is 5 star and the best I've had so far in Charlotte. The service is 3 star and can use a ton of improvement. No reservations accepted. You can show up and put your name and number on paper. Our wait was long and we were told that it's pretty consistent to have a 45 minute wait. Enjoy.
5	Amazing! You really can't go wrong with anything here! Order the Mussels and the Pomme Frites together and dip your frites in the delicious curry sauce the mussels are served in. You won't regret it!
5	Good Food...more like Great Food..This place has to be one of the best restuarants in Charlotte. It's small plates and they have a variety of different options to meet what you're hankerin for.  Steam Buns are a most.  Their gnocchi is awesome.  Carnitas is amazing.  They have a great wine selection and the service is top notch.  They don't take reservations so plan on coming close to open or hanging out for a bit to get your table.  The wait is totally worth it.  Parking is tight here as well.
3	The food was good but it wasn't worth the price. We've visited restaurants that are very pricey but that we feel it is worth every penny, Montford was good but nothing extraordinary.
5	Good Food on Montford is great food. Expect to wait for a table and pay well for their variety of 'good food' but the overall experience and quality of food is worth it
4	Having been to Barrington's and throughly enjoyed it, my wife and I decided to visit its sister restaurant. We got there at 6ish on a Monday. There were plenty of open tables at this time, so we were seated right away. Our server was friendly. She explained that we could order anything we wanted in any order. She also said that if we knew everything we wanted to try, but didn't want to flag her down whenever we were ready for our next course, she could take down our requests at the beginning and spread out the orders for us. This was impressive, because servers at tapas restaraunts like this have to be busy constantly. She was willing to monitor our progress with each course and time when to have the next dish fired off. She was definitely a pro.We started with the charcuterie dish. Mortadella, speck, soprasetta, and a chicken liver/foie gras mousse topped with sweet, minced, pickled shallots. This came with grilled toast points. Quite tasty. My wife, who isn't a big fan of pate, even liked the mousse. Some of the speck was too fatty, but it was a good dish overall. Next, we had the Garganelli. The sausage was house-made (it had better be). The pasta and sauce reminded me of the Gnocchi I had at Barrington's, which is one of their signature plates. This was a solid dish. Then, we had the Seafood Tortellini, which was actually ravioli. Not sure what that was about. This was the most disappointing dish for me. The lobster foam, pasta, and chanterelles actually worked really well together. It may have been the best-tasting dish for me, but I couldn't find any lobster or crab to save my life. If I'm paying $16 for a small dish with 4 ravioli that are "filled" with lobster and crab, I have to be able to find some lobster and crab. I wasn't expecting a lot, but there was practically none. Not cool. We were pretty much full by the time our Vietnamese-stuffed Quail came. Our server told us that, although it didn't say it on the menu, the quail was actually filled with shrimp and pork. If she hadn't told me that, I wouldn't have noticed. (I did managed to discover a tinge of ham when I reheated my leftovers). The quail was fried, halved, and served on lettuce. It came with marinated cucumbers, which were pretending to be pickles. It sort of looked like a deconstructed chick-fil-a sandwich. My wife thought it tasted like a chicken finger. It was served with a tangy chili-lime dipping sauce rather than honey mustard.I washed all this down with a pint of NoDa's Hop Drop 'N Roll, which is an excellent local beer. Good call on their part in having this in stock. All in all, it was a good experience. We checked this off on our list of places to try and discovered a new love for lobster foam. If we do end up going again, I'll try the pommes frites and steamed bun. Those seem to be home-runs according to everyone else. I'll also be skeptical of any dish they have that claims to be stuffed with seafood.
3	Good, solid food but not the most amazing thing that I've eaten in clt so far. We got these dishes:Pork bun - good, but didn't live up to the hype of yelp reviews. Pork belly wasn't as crispy as I thought it would beTruffle fries: good, but again didn't live up to the hypeLobster ravioli: extreeeeemely small portion for $14 (only four tiny ravioli?) but the taste was awesome. The mushrooms on top were delish as wellSaag paneer: tasty but not mind-blowingly goodShrimp - absolutely delicious, by far my favorite meal of the night. The shrimp was so tender and the garlic chili sauce was great. All in all, it was a fine experience. The food wasn't bad by any means, but it wasn't amazing either (except for the shrimp). The restaurant has a nice ambiance and our server was great. Definitely worth checking out but I would prepared to walk out saying "meh". It's also worth noting that the portions are tiny. I'm no stranger to small tapas portions (and often prefer them!) but some of the dishes (ravioli, shrimp) were abnormally small.
4	Such a fun night! And my 500th review!!! Oh snap!!! Let me do my happy dance....Okay...back to the review! I met girlfriends here for dinner. We ordered a little bit of everything and sampled not one but three desserts. Everything was delicious!! We started with the beef carpaccio snd pomme frites. I loved the fried pickles on the carpaccio and the pomme frites were better than expected. Like several other reviews have mentioned...make sure you get an order! For our meal, we decided on the Parmesan gnocchi, Garganeili and Pork carnitas. Each one was excellent but my favorites of the night were the Garganeili with the house made Italian sausage which was packed with so much flavor...and the pork carnitas with the pickled cabbage and queso fresco!!! Yummy!!!For dessert we ordered the pot de creme (chocolate and expresso custard), the apple cobbler and the chocolate brownie with biscoff ice cream....all were so darn good!!! But my goodness that biscoff ice cream was heavenly. Such a cool place, with excellent food. I look forward to my next visit.
