1	If I could give no stars, I would.I went today and it was awful.  I couldn't even finish my meal.  If anyone wants to try REAL Ethiopian flavor that will rock your soul, go to the place around the corner on S Highland called Abay.  It's been here longer, the staff is friendlier and more knowledgeable, the ambiance is better, the selection is wider, you get more for your money and the food is incredible.  I tried Tana just because it was new and I will never return for the cold flavorless food.  Seriously, go to Abay.
4	I have been eating at the other Ethiopian restaurant for a while now, ever since it opened.  I was perplexed as to why Tana would open right around the corner from it (was it a grudge, an angry former employee etc.?).  In any case, I decided to give it a shot.  The place is very nice, decent decor, good service if a bit short staffed.  I thought the food was good, not as spicy (hot) or as heavily spiced as Abay (the one around the corner).  On the other hand the food was also less oily.  I think that it is fair to say that the two restaurants are very different from each other, but not that one is patently superior to the other.  I get the feeling from the fact that the owner of Tana is actually Ethiopian, and from the other diners (many appeared to be Ethiopian), that Tana is more close to the food one would find in Ethiopia itself.   Although it is also possible that by virtue of the fact that the owner is Ethiopian, people that he knows from his ethnic community tend to support his venture.  In any case I am pleased to learn that Pittsburgh can support two Ethiopian restautants.  In years past, my wife and I lamented the fact that unlike Washington, DC where we grew up, there were no Ethiopian restaurants in Pittsburgh.
4	Just returned from Tana.  I wanted to reiterate my previous review.  The food was great, not as spicy and robust as Abay, but on the other hand, substantially less oily.  In fact, having eaten an many Ethiopian restaurants over the years, I would say it is probably the lightest/least oily that I have had.  Typcially, the injera ends up an spice infused oil sopped sponge.  Here there is virtually no oil soaking the injera at the end.
4	The fact that Pittsburgh has one Ethiopian restaurant is pretty amazing.  But two?  Wow.  The BF and I decided to go to Tana after seeing the jaw-dropping line in front of Abay.  I'm definitely no expert on Ethiopian dining--our dinner at Tana marks the third Ethiopian restaurant I've been to in my life, as opposed to the bajillion Italian joints, sushi bars, and greasy spoons--but I was pleased.  On our visit, the staff was particularly accommodating and friendly--and native Ethiopians, I might add (no white chick waitresses a la Abay).  We'd armed ourselves with a bottle of red wine for our first BYOB choice, and despite the full bar offered at Tana, our host had no problem uncorking our Malbec.  The menu was similar to, you know, the OTHER restaurant: simple, well-spiced dishes that ranged from savory to smoky-hot.  I enjoyed a hodgepodge of vegetarian dishes served both cold and warm, and we received extra injera without having to request it, thanks to our waiter's keen eye.  The food was good quality, nothing too mind-blowing, but the best part was easily the ambiance.  Tana features Ethiopian artwork on the walls and African music on their stereo system that inspired a bunch of patrons to get up and dance.  They were joined by our host/waiter.  The food at Abay is delicious, but I've never witnessed an impromptu dance party there.  Nice, relaxed atmosphere + pretty good food + awesome berbere = a decent Pittsburgh Ethiopian place.(P.S. If you can, check out their Saturday coffee ceremony.)
4	I just moved from Chicago - the land of amazing restaurants. One of our fears about the 'burgh is the lack of great restaurants, however we were pleasantly surprised. I went here for my birthday in June with a large group of friends and we had a fabulous time! Tana staff were very kind and wonderful. The food is truly delicious. And it's an economical! We all left extremely happy and satiated! We will definitely return.
2	There's not much to be said overall.We ordered two combination dinners so we could try almost all of their entrees.  Flavor's were bland.  Some of the food was lukewarm.  I hate to do direct restaurant comparisons, but Abay serves more flavorful heated food and is also like a buck or two cheaper.Pro's?  You won't have a hard time trying to get a table here.
5	Best Ethiopian in Pittsburgh, hands down. Knocks the stuffing out of most of the Ethiopian restaurants I've been, too, including those in the mighty Washington, DC.Super friendly service--sometimes they even throw free stuff in my takeout. Fantastic option for vegetarians, and they even have a reasonably priced lunch menu.Vegetarians, might I recommend a dinner of Ye ater Kik Alicha, Tikil Gomen, Fossolia? You know those meals that are far too much food, but you try to keep eating because it's just too good? Here it is.
4	I think it was an ok place. The bread there is a million times better than the bread at the place down the block. Its in a sort of random location, as there isn't a single business on the entire block, but hey, its nice to see business. The food was pretty nice, I would have liked to have had a little more for my $14 ( I got maybe a handful of beef, and since I was with a friend, I feel like I got less since they filled a tray for the both of us), but the waiter brought us more bread for free to finish our plates and we got free coffee. As for all the people who are saying, hey why are there two ethiopian places in one neighborhood? Who cares? It's business.
4	Definitely the best ethopian in the burgh.
2	This review is from an avid Ethiopian cuisine zealot, so readers beware!When I strolled into this restaurant on a lazy Saturday afternoon, I didn't expect much because, well, it's Pittsburgh, PA, not little Ethiopia.  Hailing from DC, I of course have high standards.  Though I tried my best to give this restaurant's food a higher star rating, it just can't compare with other Ethiopian restaurants.  Since sampling one item is not the most exciting way to judge the food, it's always my preference to order a veggie combination platter.  I appreciated their option to allow diners to choose 5 items, so I chose freely: kik alicha, shiro wat, ye abesha gomen, tikil gomen and fossolia.  Among these 5 standards, it's normally difficult for me to identify a favorite.  However, Tana made it easy for me: the one that was properly cooked was my favorite.  The kik alicha was undercooked such that some of the yellow spilt peas were like soft pebbles.  The shiro wat was spicy, but flavor development was sorely lacking.  The tikil gomen was greasy and like the shiro wat, lacked the depth of flavor of either fresh cooking or complex seasoning.  The tikil gomen was decent, but had likely been cooked quite a while ago--at least it wasn't greasy.  The fossolia was the best of the batch, but not fabulous by my standards.  Like the tikil gomen, it was greasy.  Unlike the kik alicha, at least the vegetables (carrots and green beans) were well cooked.  Still, the fossolia had a mild tomato paste flavor rather than the complex flavors that normally accompany stewed Ethiopian-style vegetables.However, the dish that sealed the restaurant's rating at 2 stars: the injera tasted like white flour with a touch of sourness.  Injera should have teff flour, whether in a blend with wheat flour and/or other flours.  I could have made this injera at my home and have been more satisfied.  Perhaps it was because I ordered take-out that the kitchen decided to provide such a poor showing of quality injera and stewed vegetables?  Moreover, there was NO additional injera with which to eat the food, only the lone piece that was the "plate" and "wrapper."  Very disappointing.In DC, a sampler can be purchased for $10 (less in some restaurants), which will come with one if not two pieces of injera (other than the "plate"/ "wrapper").I appreciate that this restaurant is in Pittsburgh, and I would encourage people to try it to enjoy a different style of eating and cuisine.  However, please don't judge all Ethiopian restaurants by this one.  It is sufficient when there aren't better options in the area, but it pales in comparison to the quality and price of many DC area (aka Little Ethiopia!!) restaurants.
3	I came here on a Tuesday evening with a very large group of girls!  There weren't many other people in the restaurant.  I felt sort of bummed out for the staff, but our waiter was very pleasant and patient with us nonetheless.  I ordered a glass of honey wine, which was sticky and sweet (in a good way).  I ordered the vegetarian sampler, with Kay Wot (lentils), Ye ater Kik Alicha (split peas), Tikil Gomen (cabbage and carrots), Ye Abesha Gomen (collard greens), and Shiro Wot (chickpeas).  Everything arrived sort of lukewarm, and most of my dining companions reported the same thing.  I know we were a large party and that makes it hard to get those things right, but it was a little disappointing.  The food was okay, not the best Ethiopian I've had (that would be Ethiopian Diamond in Chicago), the flavors were a little mild - even the "hot" items weren't very spicy.  The meal was enjoyable and honestly, lighter than most Ethiopian food I've had.  It didn't feel heavy, greasy, or oily at all.  Still, I would've liked the flavors to have more pizzaz, and the temperatures of the food to be a little higher.  I'd give it another chance though - after I spread the wealth and try Abay.  I thought the price was reasonable for what you get, and parking is easy on the street in front of the restaurant.
4	Tana is awesome.  i live in new york now and i am amazed to come back to pittsburgh and find ethiopian food!  i have tried both the ethiopian places in east liberty now, and i must say... i think i favor tana slightly.  my boyfriend and i always get vegetarian combos.  this one had generous portions of all our favorite dishes, very nice flavor, and excellent, delicious injera.  we will definitely return on our next trip to PA.
4	I went to Tana for the first time this week.  I have been to Abay a couple of times but that was a while ago.  It has been too long to compare Tana's food to Abay's, but it was absolutely delicious.  We each got a sampler (one meat and one veg) and shared.  The service was excellent - our waiter was very friendly, attentive, and gave tasty recommendations.  We came in around 6 on a Weds and didn't wait at all.  The neighborhood isn't my favorite, but we were both able to park right out front which was nice.  The reason why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is the location and the prices.  It's a little pricey when it's all said and done but worth it once in a while.  I will definitely go back.
4	I've been wanting to come to Tana for quite some time and finally had the opportunity prior to attending a Quantum Theatre performance. The restaurant space is simply furnished and comfortable. Service was pretty good considering the rush we were in, though our server did forget to bring out the wine. The prices are on the moderate end but if you come with a group, it'll drop the cost.We had the doro wot (slow-cooked chicken) and the yesga wot (slow-simmered beef) with four sides, the timatim selata and misir wot (lentils), tikil gomen (cabbage and carrots) and shiro wot (ground garbanzos). Ethiopian food is usually served family style and you eat straight from the plate so if you don't eat meat or beef (like one of my friends), you might want to ask that to be on a separate plate.The dishes were very tasty and seemed to work together well. The food was mild in terms of heat level and the flavors weren't overpowering. We had ours with rice instead of the injera, which is sortuv like an Indian dosa. I particularly liked the lentils (reminded me of daal) and beef. Overall, I was very happy with the meal and would definitely go back again.
5	Their food is great! The ambiance is superbly friendly and the weekly Wednesday night "MPG Jazz Jam" is 21st century's doorway to Jazz heaven!! sincerely Dr Bruce from PittsburghJAM.org
4	Good tasty food but really really really slow service!There was only one, very enthusiastic waitress who made us feel really at home. She did her best to make up for the slow kitchen. The food turned up about a hour after after our order. The sampler was very tasty.All in all, might be  good place if you aren't very hungry and want to spend time hanging out in the restaurant, say with a bunch of friends!
4	Ethiopian food is without a doubt one of my favorite ethnic foods and Tana provides delicious options that are truly authentic.  Many of the other reviews mention the slow service which is true but as you begin to talk with the owner / bartender / server / cook (yes when we went he was all of those things) the immediate personal connection you make and the friendly conversation which follows makes the wait bearable.Tana has replaced Abay in my book as best Ethiopian in the burgh
4	My long-time fave for Ethopian in the PGH, the vegetarian sampler is amazing... as long as the injera is fresh.   They've also allowed me to be somewhat creative with the menu, picking some of the app options in my veggie sampler (the potato salad is real good).I've never experienced a wait, which makes me feel that it is one of the best kept secrets in E. Liberty.  And with some of the best, fresh vegan eating in the area, there is no good reason that it is a secret (the menu has meat options, too).Go there, eat with your hands, treat yourself to a cold Meta or St. George (Ethopian Beers), and have yourself a good ol' time.
4	When people find out that I love food, a common question they normally ask is, "What is your favorite kind of food?"  However, I always find myself unable to answer that question.  In all honestly, my favorite type of food is different food.  What I mean is I love experiencing new types of food.  Trying different new and exotic cuisines is one of my favorite activities, and just the other day, my mother and I ventured into East Liberty for a first-time tasting of Ethiopian cuisine.  While walking into Tana Ethiopian Cuisine, I felt myself experiencing a feeling of uncertainty.  Usually before going to a restaurant, I visit the restaurant's website, become acquainted with the menu, and decide what I am going to order.  However, I found myself totally overwhelmed by foods and ingredients I had never before seen after looking over the menu.  I was walking into this dining experience completely blind, and truth be told, I was nervous.  Luckily for my mother and me, our waiter was one of the friendly and most helpful servers we have ever had.  He walked us through every item on the menu.  Though there were over fifty menu items, he explained what each dish contained and how it tasted.  After his much needed help, we finally decided on an order of Doro Tibs and Yesga Wot.  For the people who do not speak Amharic, Doro Tibs are pieces of chicken breast marinated in a blend of spices, and Yesga Wot are slices of beef stewed in a sauce of the customer's choice.  Today, my mother and I were feeling adventurous, so we decided on the hot and spicy Berbere Sauce.  The only thing left to do now was wait for our feast to arrive.At this point, I want to make it clear that this meal was fresh and served to order.  In fact, the waiter who took our order also doubled as the head chief.  It may sound cheesy, but I felt that Tana did an excellent job creating an intimate and personal dining experience.  Atmosphere is an important aspect to consider when judging a dining experience.  In my opinion, a bad personal experience can easily jeopardize my desire to want to return for a second meal.  Though the quality of food is vital, it is not the only point that is taken into consideration when deciding where to dine.  Speaking of food, let us bring our attention back to the meal.As the waiter set the gigantic rounded plate down, I noticed that there were neither forks nor spoons on the table.  That is when the cheerful, young waiter laughed and instructed us that Ethiopians eat with their hands.  I will try to explain it the best that I can.  All of the food that one orders off of the menu comes piled upon a flat, circular bed of spongy bread called Injera.  One then uses his or her hands to tear off a piece of Injera which is then used as a grappling apparatus.  I love eating with my hands, so this exotic method of eating instantly turned me into a fan of Ethiopian cuisine.  There was honestly not one bad tasting item on this bed of bread.  The side dishes of green beans and cabbage also had their own interestingly tangy flavor.  They were fantastic.  My mother fell in love with the spicy beef, and I also have to admit that I have never had beef that was seasoned so perfectly.  The Berbere sauce added a spicy yet tangy aspect to the dish that left my tongue wanting more.  Also, my fingers found their way to the chicken almost immediately after the plate was set down.  The chicken breast was cooked in a thick yellow sauce that reminded me of an Indian-style curry, but I cannot find words to describe the flavor of the sauce because it was unlike anything I have ever tried before.  Finally, while we were busy eating, something magical happened with the Injera bread.  All of the delicious and flavorful sauces from the meats and vegetables became absorbed by the spongy flatbread.  Eating the deliciously soaked bread was my favorite part of the meal.  It was the perfect ending to a perfect meal.The world's many cultures offer a vast variety of different types of food, and I want to try them all.  After having an excellent meal at Tana, I can successfully cross Ethiopian food off of my global gastronomy list.  If you have never tried food from this region of the world, I highly suggest you venture out of your usual dining locations and go to Tana.  Finally, if you are disgusted by the idea of eating food with your fingers, bring a knife and fork because you will not find a single utensil on the table.
3	Love trying some of the ethnic restaurants.  Tana Ethiopian provides Ethopian cuisine and it is designed for sharing.  Quite a change from the old Sliberty that was mostly Italian.  The space is large but we were given a table by the window, so it seemed smaller.   It also was sparsely seated, but it was a Tuesday, so probably a slow night.  The room temperature was almost cold.  Though the food is made for sharing but there were only 2 of us so did not have much opportunity.  Had the Minchet Abish Alicha Wot, a ground beef cooked in a sauce that was suppose to be hot.  While Ethiopian food is suppose to be spicy, I found this to be mild not hot.  The hot tea with spices was spicy and very enjoyable.Will have to come back with a group so we can sample more of the food!
3	Really delicious food, prompt service, a wonderful meal.  I chose the sampler plate which is a good way to get a nice variety of flavors.  The food came out quite quickly and it was all very good.  I like the decor, which is charming, particularly the tablecloths, which looked hand-made.  The music was great, although perhaps a little too loud.. it put a smile on my face.  I will definitely be back.
4	Great atmosphere. Good food...not the best I've ever had, but I'd certainly go again. Amazing atmosphere, at least on weds jazz night.
3	Was a little worried when my husband and I decided to eat at Tana. The place was empty on a Saturday night. Well, even though the place was empty the food was really good. Looking forward to going back.
5	Food: Tana offers standard Ethiopian cuisine, which is centered around an injera (spongy flat bread) topped with delicious items of your choosing, and the menu also offers multiple appetizers and soups to get you started.  If you're a hungry vegetarian, its tough to get a healthier, better tasting meal in Pittsburgh, but there are plenty of meat options for carnivores as well.  For our appetizer, we ordered the potato salad, which was a generous portion of potatoes covered in vinegar and spices, and we were't disappointed.  It was delicious and enough to share.  We followed with lentil soup, which came out piping hot, was more than we expected, and was also quite tasty.  Fuller than we anticipated after the first two courses, we pushed forward toward the entrees.  For the main course, there are two choices; an individual order of one of the menu items atop your injera along with two sides, or a sampler including smaller portions of multiple menu items.  The sampler permits up to 5 choices and can include only vegetarian options or a combination of meat and vegetarian options.  There are 9 total vegetarian options, so with each of us ordering the vegetarian sampler, we were able to taste all of them.  Its not often that a restaurant bats 1.000 (even .500 would have been impressive), but all 9 of the items were fantastic.  Some are cold, some are hot, but they are all so good it is difficult to recommend only one or even rank them.  The sampler is definitely the way to go though, so that you can taste the plethora of flavors Tana has to offer, which span the spectrums of flavor and texture.  The combination of vegetables and spices is not likely to be something you would have at home or anywhere else.  You'll leave Tana full without feeling even remotely guilty about it.  Price: All appetizers and soups are $4.50 and individual menu items range from $12-15.  The vegetarian sampler is $15 per person, and the meat sampler is $20 per person.  We ordered one appetizer, two soups, two samplers, and two drinks, and paid under $70 with tip included.  Plus, we had enough food left to bring some home.  A sampler alone is a lot of food, so you can easily eat your fill for under $20 per person.Drinks: Tana has a full service bar in addition to a small beer and wine list, which includes Ethiopian beers and honey wines (similar to mead).  We tried the St. George, which according to our waiter was the "Yuengling of Ethiopia" (it was better than that).Atmosphere: Tana is located on Baum Blvd. across from PNC Bank, somewhat isolated from the developing East Liberty area near Penn Circle.  The dining room, which is up a flight of steps, is huge and offers tables of all sizes including some next to a window overlooking Baum Blvd.  There is also a small bar with a large flat-screen television.  You could enjoy a cocktail while waiting for your table, but it seems unlikely that you will have to wait.  We went on a Saturday evening, and the dining room was nearly empty.  We had no wait and our choice of table.  Service: Due to the lack of patrons, our waiter was able to almost exclusively focus on our table.  He answered our questions and explained menu items, checked on us routinely, and filled our water often.  He also asked if we liked the specific menu items he answered questions about or recommended.  One suggestion for potential improvement would be to explain what the different items on the sampler were when it is delivered to the table.  We had to figure out on our own which items were which, which may have made dinner more interesting.  The owner/manager personally came to our table to ask if we had enjoyed our meal, and he was very personable and friendly.  Tana is also open until 11PM on weekends, and they happily welcomed a couple that just arrived at 10:30.(+): unique, healthy, great-tasting food, fair prices, good service, bar(-): odd locationWould I go back again? Absolutely.  It appears as if Tana needs some support, and it deserves it.  Visit this restaurant before it disappears.  Don't let the lack of buzz, location, or little-brother relationship to Pittsburgh's other Ethiopian restaurant fool you, Tana is the real deal.
4	We were introduced to this restaurant by some friends last night! They suggested that we order a Tana Sampler which would give us a chance to taste many different dishes that they offer. What I had was the Tana sampler with: Tana Tibs (lamb) Doro Wot (Chicken leg) in the Kay Wot sauceYesega Wot (beef) in the Kay Wot sauceTikil Gomen (cabbage and carrots) Ye Abesha Gomen (collard greens) Fossolia (green beans and carrots) Injera (Flat spongy bread that the food is served on, the tana sampler also comes with extra on the side) You will notice that I mention 6 dishes instead of five.  This is because they originally gave me the green beans and not the collard greens, but this was rectified immediately with him bringing out a side dish of the collard greens without a charge.All of the food is eaten with the aid of the injera (much like a tortilla and Mexican food), though utensils can be requested.I was particularly impressed by the stewed meats more than the vegetables (personal preference I am not a huge fan of stewed vegetables) and found the injera to be a good foil to the heavy flavors and sauces.We will definitely be back.
5	Great vegetarian plate and the servers are very friendly. This is a place to enjoy when you have a little leisure time as it takes a little time. Great experience!
3	Let me start with a disclaimer: I have never eaten Ethiopian food before, but have read about the concepts, history and attributes of the food.  We were out in Pittsburg for the Thanksgiving weekend, and looking for something different to try.  Tana seemed to fit the bill.The service was friendly, the staff pleasing and very helpful.  The waitress helped explain the foods, and structured a meal for us that would let us try various forms of the cuisine.  The only downside of the service was our waitress/bartender did not know how to fix a Bourbon and Ginger Ale.  We settled on a Jack Daniels and Ginger Ale.  Close enough.The food was where things began to go down hill.  Ethiopian food has a tradition of being heavily spiced and quite hot.  The food we tried was very mild, and honestly not terribly interesting.  The Injera (Teff flour spongy flat bread) was good, but we found it surprising it was not served warm.  Now it may be that it is usually served cod/cool, but seemed all wrong to those of us used to eating Indian Roti or Naan.We ordered 2 appetizers.  Sambusa are pastry shells filled with various meats of vegetables.  We had a mix of lentil, beef and chicken fillings.  Expecting something more akin to a Samosa, these were smaller, greasy and tasteless.  The chicken was palatable, the lentils ok, and the beef awful.  Think under seasoned ultra fine ground beef that has been overcooked.  Yuck.  My wife ordered the Ayib Bemitmita (grated cottage cheese and spices), and this was not served until well into the main course, and was boring.The main course was a sampling of a Doro Tibs (chiken) dish, a Tana Tibs (Lamb) dish, Ye ater Kik Alicha (split peas) and Misir Wot (lentils).  These were served on top of a large serving of Injera.  In order to preference, the split peas were in fact quick enjoyable, the lentils decent by less interesting.  The two meat dishes were, frankly, boring.  No spice, no heat, served cool, and the meat was tough.  A total strike-out in our opinion.I am sure that Ethiopian food must be much more interesting than this, however, keep in mind that this was our first tasting of this regional cuisine.  I would rate this as 2.5 starts, but given our inexperience, bumped to 3 stars to give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt.
4	I tried Tana a few weeks ago and I'm jonesing to go back. We had the Tana sampler and it is definately the way to go if you want a variety of dishes without hurting your wallet. The sampler is served on a flat bread that is also your utensil, enjoy eating with your hands.. I did. :)The toppings can be either meat or vegetable dishes. I recommend the Yesega Wot in Kay Wot sauce. It is only a little spicy but very flavorful. One thing is that the server did mess up our order. My wife and I both ordered the sampler, and we did get everything we asked for - but only between the two of us. I had some of her choices on my dish and she had some of mine on hers. One particular note: I asked if they had Kitfo on the menu. They don't, but with 24 hours advanced notice they are willing to make it! Next time...
1	I've never written a review on Yelp before but I had such a crazy experience last night that I felt compelled to create an account, to help save other diners from wasting their time at Tana!I had a reservation at Tana for 8:30 pm and my husband and I arrived right on time. After checking in, the hostess left us standing at the door for at least 15-20 minutes. We were finally seated and looked over the menus when the hostess (who was also our server and the bartender) came back and informed us that the kitchen was "running out of food" so we should let her know what items we were interested in and she'd see if there was any left. We gave her our order and she came back a while later and said that they were only out of 1 of the 5 items we wanted, which was fine so we replaced it with something else. As our server was about to run off again I asked if we could please order some drinks (we hadn't even been brought water). She said "yes, of course, but we're out of cups." Around 9:15 pm our server came by and said our food would be out shortly. A few minutes after that she came back again and said that they were out of injera, and is that alright with us? We said no! The whole point of eating Ethiopian food is that it's served family style on injera, this huge piece of flat bread that you tear off and scoop the food up with, using only your hands and no utensils. Without injera you'd just have some piles of food. Our server was very apologetic and said she'd have the manager come over and talk to us and work something out.We waited for the manager about 10 minutes and never saw him. During this time we called Abay, another Ethiopian restaurant right around the corner, and made a reservation there. By the time the manager at Tana got to our table we were probably already enjoying our entrees at Abay! Abay was also busy that night but they obviously know how to run a restaurant - great food, great prices, and they even had cups!
5	My five-year-old loves Ethiopian food, so it's a common choice in our family for eating out. She particularly loves the traditional weaved tables and stools, so we started off usually going Abay, around the corner from Tana, because of these tables right in front. But after three disappointing meals at Abay in a row we made an executive decision to eat at Tana instead. That was a good choice.The food is delicious. Nothing over-spiced or overly oiled, tender meats, flavorful vegetables. It's also nice to get a beer with the meal-- I've been a fan of the Hakim stout lately. Then there's the owner, a friendly and enthusiastic man who delights in bringing our little girl extra dishes to try (lamb!) and a few cookies after the meal. Other servers we've had there, while less effusive, have been nothing but friendly and helpful.Tana suffers from a poor location and so is often sparsely populated. That is a shame. It's a great place. If you find yourself waiting for a table at the ever-crowded Abay-- or better yet, before you even go!-- head to Tana. You will not be disappointed.
5	I love Ethiopian food, and when I found Tana in Pittsburgh, I fell in love! I had been to Abay around the corner (funny how two Ethiopian restaurants ended up right next to each other) and I liked it much more than Abay. I felt it had a more authentic taste and the atmosphere was great with live music! The food portions were huge, and there was a bar, which was really nice. I also got a discount with my student ID (15% off the two vegetarian dishes we got), which was a big plus, which they said would be valid until the end of the year. Definitely going back!
4	I always seek out the Ethiopian restaurants in a city and was pleased to find this one, especially after another one nearby recently closed.  The menu offerings are pretty standard--meaning nothing feels like it it is missing.  The meals are about $15 and are generous in size and with a great selection (1 meat + any 2 veggies on injera).  The meat was just a little bit greasy, but still good.  I'll be back there again soon for more berbere (one of my favorite spices).
5	I never had Ethiopian food before, so Tana's was my first time. To be honest, I didn't know what to expect when I first came in, but the waiter was so friendly and helpful. He gave us a brief explanation of the menu and gladly answered all of our questions, despite how clueless we all sounded. I came with a party of 3 and we ordered a sample platter with beets, chicken, split peas and mixed vegetables with beef. Our meal was served on this spongy bread that you eat with the food and serves as the plate to hold the food. There are a lot of vegetarian options as well. My favorite was the mushed split peas. It looked the least appetizing, but had such unique spices that I was hooked after the first taste. I definitely recommend this place if you are an adventurous eater who would like to try something different. I never had Ethiopian food before, but after trying Tana's, I am now a huge fan!
3	I went here with my boyfriend.  We were just looking to try something different to try. Well, i was looking for something different, and he is a good sport!  I had read about this place awhile ago, and heard the doors were closing at the end of the month.  It was time to get out and try it. We went Friday night a little early (around 6ish). The place was busy, but not packed. We ordered the alitcha wat, gomen besiga, doro wat, and shiro wat.  Based on other reviews we ordered a side of injera.  The whole experience was new to me.  The food is wonderfully spiced. The smells are delicious.  It's also BYOB With a low corkage fee. The overall ambiance was nice. The shiro wat was by far my favorite. A little spicy, and completely delicious.  The flavors of the doro wat were great, but every time we went to take a bite somehow we ended up with a bone.   The alitcha way and gomen besiga were ok. Nothing stood out there.  I liked the injera, but my boyfriend didn't really enjoy the taste or the feel of the bread.  Overall, eating without utensils, was not something I was a huge fan of, and don't get me wrong, I have no probably eating with my hands.  There was just something about this type of food, and eating with my hands that was somewhat unappetizing.  Maybe the visual of everyone around me didn't help.  Regardless, taste trumps everything else, and it was not quite there for me.   I think I should have stuck to the vegetarian entrees.
4	Tana's is a must stop in Pittsburgh for anyone who considers him or herself to be an adventurous eater. When ordering an entree, you choose a menu course and then choose two sides from select appetizers and vegetarian entrees. This allows customers to try a wider array of food. (On a side note, Tana's also has samplers which lets patrons try even more dishes). The food is served on top of Ethiopian bread called injera and without utensils. Basically, you use the bread to pick up the food with your hands which is not a common practice in the US. I really liked the approach of using everything in front of you and optimally using your resources.I ordered the Misir Wot with beets salad and split peas. I enjoyed all three items and would recommend each. My dinner patrons also finished most of their plates and enjoyed their respective items.As a bonus, we came on Sunday which offers an extra 15% off for Yelpers!
3	To start with, the food was very very tasty. Loved the flavors and the spices underlying them. Quite honestly, I believe that you could basically order anything and love it. Ethiopian for those who haven't tried it before generally includes eating food with your hands on a bready-pancake like food where all over your selections are placed upon allowing the tastes from those selections to seep into the bread.Expect portions to be filling and fairly large.Now that said, I will admit this won't be the best written review because every review should tell you what that person had and ideally include a photo. I'm admittedly doing neither mainly because I did love the food and it was already halfway gone when I realized I should have taken a picture.Why 3 stars? I came here with my mom who had heard about the restaurant in an article and wanted to try it out. We went in for lunch at about 12:45pm and even though the standing sign outside displayed their hours and said they were open, the sign on the door said closed. We tested the door anyway and found it to be open.Me made our way inside and were struck by how dark it was (it was a cloudy day outside and there were no lights on in the restaurant) and secondly by how empty and bizarre it felt. The only light coming in was natural from the windows. The music added to that obscenely strange atmosphere. It was the WQED station on the radio playing a rather dark and mysterious piece.Needless to say, we stayed, and enjoyed a wonderful meal. However, service was a strange element as well. It took 20 minutes or so for food to come out which is fine but once we were finished with our meal, we waited half an hour looking for someone to take our check. Since we were the only ones in the restaurant the entire time we were there for lunch on that Friday, we would have expected them to be a bit more attentive. It wasn't until we finally hunted someone down in the back of the restaurant that we were able to pay and leave.The food earns this restaurant 3 out of 5 stars. However, service and ambiance kept it from receiving a full 5.
4	I've never had a bad experience at Tana.The food is absolutely delicious. I especially love the vegetarian dishes. (Fasolia and lentils are my favorite.) The first few times we visited Tana the service was a little slow, but that has definitely changed. Most recently, our server was super attentive and friendly. One of my favorite things about Tana is that owner is such a kind and friendly man. He always says hello and has a welcoming smile. The next time you are looking to try something new, give Tana a chance!
4	Charming place. Great vegetarian entrees. Fossilia was my favorite. I got a veg entree which came with two sides on the traditional bread which was so filling and only $12. Also got the split peas and ground chickpeas which were good- the latter had a lot of flavors.
4	The music is great and so are the waiters. I can't wait for the food to come out! :)
5	I honestly don't know why more people don't come here.  It was absolutely delicious.  We got the YeSaga Wot which was absolutely tender and flavorful.  We also had the Tikil Gomen, cabbage and carrots and Fossilia, cabbage and carrots.  However, it was the Shira Wot, ground roasted chickpeas, and Ye Abasha Gomen, collard greens, that really had me.  The shira wot was so meaty and flavorful for a vegetarian dish and these collard greens were so good, I could have eaten a bowl of these alone with rice.  In addition to the awesome food, the service was great.  Our server was super sweet and really helpful in selecting what to get. I honestly really love this place and crave it all the time now.  So worth the trek out here.
4	If you're an avid fan of Ethiopian and you've been to, say, DC's numerous restaurants, feel free to take my review with a grain of salt. My only experience with Ethiopian cuisine was at Pittsburgh's two (only this one remains) Ethiopian joints, so I'm by no means well-trained in the flavor profiles, BUT I will say that it doesn't take experienced tastebuds to enjoy Tana!We've tried nearly everything on the menu, except the lamb, and I have to say that I've enjoyed everything. Eating with injera might seem odd at first, but it's a wonderful! For first-timers from Pittsburgh, I always describe injera as the same consistency and texture of a Pamela's pancake without the heaviness. It doesn't have much flavor, so it doesn't take away from all of the flavors of the main dishes.Speaking of flavor, there's plenty of it! If you're in a big group, the family-style samplers are an excellent option. After numerous trips to Tana, we were recently told by our waiter that we could do a few samplers of meat and a few of vegetables, which lowers the cost per person and allows everyone to try nearly every item on the menu! Perfect for exploring!The waitstaff is also really nice, and on Thursdays they have live jazz. It definitely gets packed, so I'd make a reservation if you're planning on a Thursday evening around 8. Otherwise, we've never had any issues with getting a seat. Parking it also fairly easy, even on busier nights.I'd say the only real thing that Tana lacks is atmosphere. Yes, there are the Ethiopian posters and African-inspired color palettes, but something about the atmosphere just feels flat and cold. The back section of the restaurant seems like an afterthought, and when you sit there, you feel like you're stuck in the back of a dark cafeteria.Overall, Tana is delicious enough to become a mainstay for us, and with a slightly more inviting atmosphere, it would DEFINITELY be a 5-star experience. Great, delicious options for meat lovers and vegans/vegetarians, with fair prices! You really can't go wrong. I'd recommend certain dishes, but honestly, I don't think you can go wrong. I know we haven't! Enjoy!
2	Being the only Ethiopian restaurant in town, you really don't have a choice but go here if you're in the mood for Ethiopian. The spongey bread wasn't what made this a three for me, it was the serving sizes and the somewhat blandish dishes. The service was also pretty slow, but pleasant enough. I got the lamb entree with the two sides and I don't even remember exactly what they tasted like.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat...I'm very health conscious and it can be hard to treat myself to something "healthy" when I want to enjoy myself out on the town. Speaking from experience, it's also no easy feat to make stuff like lentils and collard greens, with no nasty processed ingredients, this delicious. This is one of the few restaurants in Pittsburgh where I can indulge in something that is actually good for me - the best of both worlds.In a perfect world, they would offer gluten-free injera, like some of the Ethiopian places I've been to in DC, etc. Also, the service can be a bit slow...but it's a family-run joint and everything is homemade on the premises, so that's par for the course, as far as I'm concerned.
5	They have a tikil gomen which is out of this world. Additionally, the collards and beet salad are marvelous, the cabbage soup is terrific, and I have watched as other people verified that the lamb and beef are just as good. The servers are very sweet, the mood is mellow, the honey wine is lovely - and they have the World Cup playing at the bar! What better way to spend a Happy Hour than sitting at the bar watching soccer and eating Ethiopian food? You tell me, smart guy.
3	For my wife and two young kids I ordered two combination plates, one with vegetarian, the other with 5 meat options.  This was plenty of food for all of us.  The kids (3 and 6) enjoyed many of the selections and the experience of eating with injera.  The prices are quite reasonable.  I don't usually get off the hook for $40 when taking the family out.  The server was very sweet and the dining room looked terrific.  It is relatively huge for actually.  They also have a full bar (including a darn TV but what are you going to do?)I think it just comes down to the recipe and whether you like it or not.  I didn't NOT like it because Ethiopian food is terrific and it is hard to have a bad experience at this or any Ethiopian restaurant.  That said in my personal opinion I thought some of the textures and flavors left some room for improvement.  They were probably "correct" for an authentic rendering.  Anyway, it's the only one left so you have to eat here and like it!
4	Tana was my first experience with Ethiopian cuisine.  I came here awhile back on a weeknight per the suggestion of my dining companion.  Never having tried Ethiopian food before, I wasn't really sure to expect, but it was a great experience!We started off with an appetizer that's no longer on the menu, which was a dish commonly eaten for breakfast in Ethiopia, and it was quite tasty.  For our entree, we ordered the Tana sampler with a combination of meat and vegetarian dishes.  If you're new to Ethiopian cuisine, I highly recommend ordering a sampler, since it provides you with an opportunity to try several dishes and see what you like.  Since I don't eat beef or lamb, for our meat dishes, we stuck with the two chicken dishes, doro tibs and doro wat (alicha).  For our vegetable dishes, we ordered misir wat (lentils in berebere sauce), ye abesha gomen (collard greens), and tikil gomen (cabbage/carrots).  All were quite flavorful, though it's difficult for me to recall what my favorites were, since it's been so long.  For the sampler, your dishes are served on fermented bread, and you eat them with your hands by dipping pieces of the bread into them.  This also allows the flavors of the dishes to permeate the bread, so that when you're finished, you can continue to enjoy them by eating the bread that they were served on.  The bread itself, which I'd never had before, was excellent, and accompanied the flavors of the dishes well.Our waiter was good at explaining the various foods and making recommendations, which I very much appreciated as a newbie to Ethiopian cuisine.  While I agree with the reviewer who mentioned the atmosphere is a bit sterile, it's still not bad, esp. for an eatery located in a basement.  We were seated in a corner table near a window, which helped to dispel that basement feel.  Overall, eating at Tana was a very enjoyable experience, and I look forward to returning in the future and sampling Ethiopian cuisine again!  4.5 stars.
4	We got the tana sampler platter for four people and got a tremendous amount of food. After living in Addis Ababa for four years, the wots were nowhere near as spicy as I would have liked but still pretty yummy. The doro wot (chicken stew) was the best one and the ye sega tibs (beef pieces) were also very delicious. Ye habesha gomen (local/Ethiopian cabbage) was also good but slightly overdone. We were fairly disappointed by the shiro wot (chickpea flour stew) and miser wot (lentil stew) which were not smooth enough or spicy enough. The injera was spot on and the service was pretty good as well. Overall, a pleasant experience but maybe not worth the price. But since it's one of the few Ethiopian places in Pittsburgh, it's a definite place to visit.
4	Staying in East Liberty, we went to Tana as a more interesting alternative to the hipper places in Shadyside.  We ordered a veg assortment and a meat assortment to get the widest selection and were very happy with everything.  We opted out of the two hot choices, and all but one of what we got were considerably less spicy than assortments we'd eaten in DC Ethiopian restaurants, but nonetheless quite flavorful.Tana's usual injera is made with teff, rye, and wheat, not good for my need for gluten free.  I mentioned this and was offered their rice option which would have been fine but not the Ethiopian experience, of course.  But that day they had some teff flour just in from DC! ... so offered to make some GF pure teff injera.  Perfect.Service was great.  Ambience meh but fine.We'd go back.
5	Deliciousness! Awesome food along with awesome service. The waitress was great with suggestions on what to have and the food came out minutes later. I will definitely be coming back soon!
4	First time trying Ethiopian food. I have to say it was very good. I enjoyed the sampler platter. Got a little bit of everything. I can't even name half if it so I wont try to but all good. Are waitress was very nice and helpful. She told us about all the foods and what was best to pick. I also enjoyed the fact of eating with my hands. Only down side was no Ethiopian desserts. But in the end I enjoyed my meal and feel I would return for another round.
1	Disappointed. The WORST Ethiopian food we have eaten anywhere ever. Came to pittsburgh on vacation and ordered the veg sampler. Everything was too oily and lacked flavor. But the worst part was the injera - unfermented! It tasted like a raw tortilla. When we sent the food back, we were surprised to still be charged a portion of the bill. At least the server was kind. People of pittsburgh, do not be fooled by this place! Once you have tasted real Ethiopian cuisine, you will never eat here again.
4	This was my first experience with Ethiopian cuisine and Tana did not disappoint.   I ventured here with 2 co-workers, one of which had been there before.  We were seated immediately and our server explained the menu.   I ordered the honey wine, which was very good, smooth, but not too sweet.  We proceeded to order 3 sampler platters, each containing a sampling of 5 dishes (our choice).  I chose 2 chicken dishes, a gound beef dish, the collard greens and green bean/carrot medley.  I also ordered the Sambusa appetizer, similar to an Indian Samosa, but smaller, but very tasty.  My sampler choices arrived atop and large piece of injera bread for scooping.  I also ordered a side of rice. The injera beneath the sampler offering becomes somewhat soggy which I didn't particularly care for, so I used the surrounding dry injera for scooping and mixed the remaining sampler ingredients with rice and used a spoon to eat with.   I didn't like the oily, messy fingers approach, but it was still a great experience.   Everything was seasoned well and very tasty.  I would return.
2	This is the least good Ethiopian I've ever had. That's not to say it was bad, but it was the least good, I'm trying really hard not to say worst here, OK. I've had so much Ethiopian and Eritrean in every city I've lived and it is, hands down, one of my favorite foods to eat forever ever, so I was so bummed because it's been over a year since I've had it. It should be a rich and insanely nuanced food and everything here was...bland. Like, actually, really bland, which I didn't even think possible. I'm so sad. I didn't take home the leftovers. This is notable because: Why would I do that? and I never have leftovers when I go out for Ethiopian. Here's the rudest comment I'll ever make on yelp--if you believe this is great, it's the only Ethiopian you've ever had. I know Pittsburgh is at a huge disadvantage over a D.C. or a Berkeley, CA--there's ready access to all necessary ingredients and dense populations of Ethiopians. Please go to Adams Morgan in D.C. and pick a restaurant, almost any one really, and I guarantee a mouth explosion. My mouth is watering thinking about it. *sigh*I hope Tana can improve. I really, really, really do. Please. Please?
5	I ate Ethiopian here for the second time. I enjoyed the food.Eating with hands gets a bit messy towards the end.Will come here again.
5	Tana was our first Ethiopian experience and it was nothing short of amazing. Since we wanted to try everything on the menu, our best option was ordering both the Tana and Vegetarian sample platters. This allowed us to try a little bit of everything which was perfect...and very delicious!  We ordered items 13-15 (lamb, chicken, beef) and veggie items 17-23. The lamb, shiro wat, and fossolia were our favorites, aside from the authentic Ethiopian coffee we had after our meal. Will definitely be going back!
4	Not the best Ethiopian food I've ever had, but I'm visiting tana at least once a month to get my fill, it's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the city. As a vegan, I've had almost all the possible vegetarian entrees and the lentil soup and lentil samosas. My favorites would be the cabbage entree and the chickpea one. Expect to pay about $15 per person. Would definitely recommend to a friend!
5	I eat here fairly regularly, but by no means am a regular. However, every time I eat here I always come away feeling like I should eat here even more often. Here's the deal: a) The food here is legit. I shouldn't necessarily know this, but I do. And it is. Just take my word on it.b) If you've never had Ethiopian food, it's primarily the following: super tasty, well-seasoned meats and legumes served on a plate of Injera, a spongy pancake-like bread. You use the bread to eat the meat and veggies. Very simple and very fun. Plus, the injera that's been sitting under your entrees is the best!c) If you don't know what to get. Just order one meat entree [for you carnivores out there] and you get two veggie sides. Plenty for one. If you're with a date or a group, just have them combine it on one or two trays. You're going to want to try everything anyway.The Ethiopian beers are fun to try too. Bring friends and experience a tasty gem in Pittsburgh!
4	Yum! I've come here a few times now and it's never disappointed. I've ordered various chicken and lamb entrees, and each one has arrived hot and been flavorful. I like that you can choose your sides from the many vegetarian dishes...it ensures that you never have to try exactly the same thing twice if you don't want to! I'm not a total expert on Ethiopian cuisine, but the food here tastes good and won't make you sick. That's all a good restaurant in a tiny city like this needs. The service is about average as far as speed goes (maybe thirty minutes from when you order your food to when you receive it) and the staff are always friendly and attentive. Their wine and beer selections could use an upgrade, since both times I got wine here it tasted pretty cheap, but the food makes up for that and it is BYOB so you can bring your own.
4	Delicious and worth the visit. Stopped in on a Wednesday, with the live jazz. Great time.
5	Tana is excellent! The food is amazing and the staff is super friendly! We will definitely be returning for more authentic Ethiopian treats.
