1	We ordered udon chicken soup and garlic chicken. The garlic chicken was sickly sweet and tasted worse than fast food. The udon soup was flavorless with a raw egg dropped in the middle. We took 2 bites and returned the soup. Wish we would have returned the garlic chicken too. It came with a salad with dressing that literally tasted like puke. The place was empty with no other patrons the entire time we were there during lunch on a Sunday.  We highly do not recommend this poor excuse for a restaurant.
1	My step mom bought a groupon for this place. Waiter didn't know menu at all and had no idea if salads came with what my parents ordered. My dad ordered shrimp tempura and it was served without any sauce. Step mom ordered katsu and it was served without rice or sauce. After asking for each item, we eventually got the sauces and rice. The food was also served on a doily which made no sense as you're supposed to put sauce on it. I ordered teriyaki and it was pretty bland in taste. The rice was long grain rice, not short grain sticky rice. I didn't try any sushi, but I bet they use long grain for the sushi too.Food was meh, service was terrible and waiter didn't have a clue.However, to the reviewer who had the udon and was complaining about the raw egg, having a raw egg cracked in your udon is completely normal...
4	Wow, surprised by the previous reviews, and I'm glad I didn't read them before going.  I was driving by and was starved so stopped here for a quick lunch.  I'm currently trying the no/low-carb thing so I ordered their sashimi lunch combo, which was supposed to be 9 pcs of sashimi plus a CA roll.  I asked if they could sub 2 more pcs of sashimi instead of the roll and they had no problem with it.The fish was fresh and tasty.  The miso soup it came with was also good.  The ice tea I had was good as well.All in all, a great stop, and I would come again if I were in the area.
1	I stopped by for lunch and had the bento teriaki chicken. It was not good. The salad dressing on the side salad was maybe home made and that was not a good thing. The miso and the california roll were the only pieces of "food" that I enjoyed. It was $15 for the bento and not worth it. The food is cheap, the egg rolls were from a box of frozen, mass-produced egg rolls and the chicken was warmed in the microwave, cut and then the sauce on top. So disappointing. The place looked cool enough, but with the high prices and cheap food, their time is limited unless they start making some serious changes. Iron Chef...NOT.
4	We visited Iron Chef on a friend's recommendation. Once there, we looked up the reviews on Yelp, and I became concerned. However, I was happily relieved when our food was presented. My daughter and I ordered Sushi on happy hour. It was delicious and fresh and nicely priced. My husband ordered chicken and broccoli, with a custom spiced-up szechuan sauce that was fabulous. We also split spring rolls and tempura - also quite good. We will gladly come back to visit. :-)
3	I was very excited to try this place, but was a little disappointed. First off, I didn't like the setup of the restaurant. It seems like more of a takeout place than a sit-down restaurant. We sat at the bar and the service was efficient, if not very friendly. Foodwise, we had the fried calamari, a shrimp tempura sushi roll and a crab avocado roll. The calamari was in large and VERY chewy  pieces...weirded me out a little, but my companion enjoyed it. The mayo-based sauce that came with it  was really good. We both enjoyed the crab avocado roll, and the shrimp tempura roll was lacking a little flavor but still pretty good. Overall the food was ok, but didn't care for the service or the feel of the place. In the future, if I want sushi/Japanese, I'll probably just head up the street to Shogun.
4	This is my second venture to Iron Chef. Both times I have only ordered sushi and edamame with their green tea iced tea and both times have been completely  satisfied. Being that Arizona is landlocked, finding decent sushi is a challenge. My first experience at Iron Chef was awesome. My friend and I sat at the sushi bar and got the 411 from the sushi chef. He informed us that the sushi we were about to indulge in had just arrived in the morning and that they usually get a new shipment every week-and-a-half to two weeks depending on how their patronage was doing. This was about 3 weeks after the restaurant opened, not sure what their schedule is like now, but I'm sure they would be happy to tell you. We ordered 3 rolls: the Dragon Roll, Arizona Roll, and Las Vegas roll. All three were so delicious and fresh we were sold on coming back. The service was friendly, competent, and fast. My second venture back to Iron Chef my friend and I opted to sit at a table. Again, we just ordered sushi, but the waitress was super friendly and delivered our iced teas and edamame fast. We split the Dragon Roll (my favorite) and tried the Spider Roll, which was okay. I would have rather had cucumber in that roll as opposed to the the big chunks of lettuce that they used as a filler. I also ordered the 2 piece scallop sushi which was delicious! The scallop just melted in my mouth!I would definitely recommend this place to someone looking for decent sushi. I give it a 3.5 out of 5 star rating. As far as the other reviews go, I haven't tried any of Chinese cuisine so the jury is still out on that one.
5	Wow, reading through the other reviews, I feel like I must live in a parallel universe because I LOVED, LOVED my experience at this place!  I had a craving for sushi and had a Groupon for this place so I grabbed my Groupon and came here for lunch. The Groupon was for $40 so I wasn't sure if it would be valid for lunch but the waitress told me that it was. So I ordered their sushi/sashimi bento which came with miso soup, salad (with a delicious ginger dressing),  one each of tuna and salmon sashimi, one piece each of tuna and salmon sushi, 4 pieces of California roll, 2 pieces of shrimp tempura (with whole shrimps, not sliced in half then coated with batter), rice with generous portion of eel on top . . . Do you see how much space just listing the food is taking up?  All this for $13!Everything was fresh and well presented and while I should have only eaten half and taken the rest home for another meal, everything was so delectable that I finished it all!!!!The waitress was super friendly and nice. She showed no signs of being shocked that I consumed every morsel. And with the Groupon, I was able to order 2 orders of their sushi/sashimi lunch combo(at $13 each) to take home for dinner. I would not have known about this place without Groupon now I'm planning on coming back here again!So if you ever go to this restaurant, I hope you experience my parallel universe as my experience was quite good.
2	Can you solve this math problem? If there's only one cook and it takes her 15 minutes to prepare one meal at a time, how long will it take for her to prepare four different entrees for a party of four? Answer: too damn long. Too bad because the food was actually pretty tasty, but the service was deplorable. My husband's meal arrived first and mine didn't come for a full 15 min later. When we asked about it, the server said they only had one cook and she could only prepare one meal at a time. Good thing the place wasn't crowded. How would she have handled a packed house?
1	we wanted to give this newer local place a try. Unfortunately it was the worst tasting Japanese food I've ever had. The very greasy teriyaki chicken and egg roll tasted like rancid oil and left a terrible taste in my mouth. My son thought the miso in his soup tasted sour and the overly thickened egg drop soup had no flavor. I told the waitress and she offered to give me the same order to go. ???? no thanks.
5	Best sushi I have had in AZ, the presentation was spectacular and the food was awesome! We had the Phoenix roll, crazy salmon roll and the golden dragon roll and they were all amazing.I will be going back for sure.
3	My husband and I decided to try this place out last night since we had a Groupon. It's a cute hole in the wall type place, it's kinda just squeezed into the side of the building but we dug the cozyness of it. As soon as we came up to the door, there was a sign taped to it noting rules of voucher use saying they could only be used from 6-8; we had come a little after five and the Groupon noted no such stipulation. We walked in and asked the server and he didn't make any fuss about it and kindly led us right to our table. Upon receiving our Japanese and sushi menu, we started noticing price discrepancies between the two menus (one would say higher/lower than the other menu). I asked our server about this to see which prices were correct and he said whatever was the highest O.o, crappy answer in my opinion. The server was very sweet but definitely a little strange. His answer/behavior to the price question was the only time that we felt that he was a wee bit questionable. The food came within a reasonable amount of time (although we did notice that a family next to us that had been seated and ordered WELL AFTER us got their food first.) We started with the fried calamari and the shumai. Calamari was delish, shumai was totally sub-par and although very cheap we regretted the first bite as it was obviously a low quality frozen item. My husband got a shrimp udon dish and I got a sashimi dinner plate. The udon was quite good (waaaay too much salt though) and the the amount they give you for the money was out of this world. The sashimi tasted fresh and FA-BU-LOUS! More weirdness with the server happened though when he brought the sashimi plate-he set it down and asked me to count the pieces to make sure the correct amount was there.....um ok...All in all we really liked the place but agreed that we would need to be careful with our dish selection (to avoid another shumai incident) and to get to-go only to avoid any future weirdness with their servers. Word of warning though, be wary of their menu prices!
4	I am surprised by the poor ratings I read about this place.  I did come at the very end of the evening, so I got exceptionally quick service.  I actually almost didn't make it in, but they let me in since I was inside the door before 9:30.  I would have been mad if they didn't let me in because I was flying on the Beeline and almost hit a fox on the way up here.My friend and I ordered several assortments of sushi and some sake.  We enjoyed our food to a spectacular Game 6 World Series game.  The server and sushi chef didn't mind that we wanted to stay until the game was over.  We just kept ordering more drinks!Overall, we had a great experience with the quality of our food and the fun atmosphere to watch a game.
4	Service has slowly been improving.  We have gone there every few weeks since it opened.  It's hit or miss whether the food will be promptly served, or will take 1 hour for the first sushi to appear.  As far as all-you can eat sushi goes, I can't think of a better place in Phoenix (and honestly, what all-you-can eat could be healthier than sushi...)GREAT quality sushi.  A few odd things:1.  The descriptions of the rolls are on a special menu that you have to request, and even then, there's two rolls that aren't listed and you have to ask what they are.2.  Ice cream is included in the all-you-can eat price.  However, it is frozen solid into a block of ice frozen into a frozen dish.  It's really inedible.  I bent the spoon trying to hack off a piece.  Disappointing because it's nice to have a bit of soothing dairy after asian cuisine...
4	I am a big sushi fan. While this place is not as creative as say Yasu up the road, I will say that it has a large wine list, Echigo, and aims to please. The first time I went here, they did not know how to make a crab sunomuno salad. By the third trip, they had specifically researched how to make it so that when I came again, I would not be disappointed and I was not. The rolls are delicious and the fish is fresh (order the scallops), when you walk in, you are not greeted by the perfume of roting fish. Most of all, the service is wonderful. There is a girl that works there who is super friendly and kind to children.
5	This is my second time here this week. Last time I was here I wrote an update review but didn't post since I'm still learning the ins and outs of my iPhone. Fantastic place great friendly service. Last time I was here for lunch, a regular came in and the owner came out right away and warmly greeted her with a complimentary hot noodle soup of which he also gave me a bowl since I went over and started to talk to them. So there are definite benefits of being a regular here. This restaurant is also locally owned so eat here and support local restaurants. I'm here again for the second time this week having the sushi/sashimi deluxe with my son and I'm happy to write that this place is packed for Sunday night dining. Family friendly, come on down and don't miss out!
2	The fish was pretty fresh and the rolls were the perfect size to be able to fit into your mouth without looking like a blowfish... but it was just missing that... something.  We tried a large spread of appetizers, sashimi and rolls...  it was good, but it wasn't great.  I'll only comment on a few of the things we ordered to give the gist:  The spicy tuna wasn't spicy at all.  The shrimp on the rainbow roll tasted a little old and chewy.  Most of their rolls with crab have imitation Krab, which they don't tell you, but you can figure it out based upon the prices of the roll that has real crab and specifically states it is real crab.  Our server forgot to bring out miso soup all together, so I don't know how that is.  The crab rangoon was pretty good and had a great sauce.  The yellowtail and jalapeno appetizer missed the mark... I've had it before in other places where it was amazing, so this was a little disappointing.  And the Philly roll had no cucumber and was pretty much all cream cheese, which while I like a good amount, not being able to taste the salmon or anything else isn't appealing.  Some of the pieces of fish were pretty good sized, while others were very lacking - there seemed to be an inconsistency.  If I were in the neighborhood and really hungry for sushi, I might try it again as the prices were pretty decent and they seemed to have a local following, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there for sushi as the experience was a little underwhelming.
5	Good place for happy hour since it's half price on ALL sushi rolls (most places have a limited menu for happy hour and they even have the same happy hour on the weekends)  & the all you can eat sushi includes drinks (If you want beer it's only $2.50 extra), appetizers, soup, salad, sashimi, nigiri, rolls (even specialty rolls), and desert all for only $24.95 and is available all day every day so you can't really beat that. They sushi is fresh and the Chinese tastes better than most other Chinese places in the area. Special requests are always welcome and the owner will go out of his way to please. Very good atmosphere. I definitely recommend trying the place at least once because I'm sure you'll be back again.
5	My girlfriend and I had a groupon for $30 towards sushi for this place and when decides to use it last night. We got there and it was really busy and there was no where to sit at first but one of the servers acknowledged us promptly and quickly cleaned off a table for us to sit. She was very nice and informed us of that happy hour just started. I told her we had a groupon but unfortunately the groupon could not be combined with happy hour prices or the all you can eat offer. I guess it makes sense though considering our meal would practically be free had we been able to. Our drinks were delivered quickly and so were our appetizers. Although the appetizers were smaller portions we couldn't complain considering they were only a dollar each. We ordered quiet a few rolls and the shanghai noodle dish. The sushi tasted very fresh and I was very impressed with the presentation! The Chinese dish we ordered was excellent, the vegetables were cooked perfectly with just the right amount of firmness, not too limp or "soggy" which most Chinese I've ordered in the past tends to turn out. The food was great and the service was awesome especially seeing as how busy they were. The waitress let me have a look at the all you can eat menu and I'll definitely be coming back to try that next time. Small place but everything was great and seemed like a good atmosphere and chill vibe. We will definitely be coming back often. I think we found a new fav for Chinese & sushi in the area.
2	Went for lunch. There was only another table occupied. It smelled strongly of old fried food. Ordered some rolls and a miso soup. The soup was warm not hot, the rolls were just ok. Service was good. Not a place that I'll get out of my way to go. *2.5*
4	A living social coupon brought me in here this past weekend, but the food will definitely bring me back again. Our coupon was for the sushi menu only, so we got some miso soup and a seaweed salad to start. Miso always tastes the same to me, and this was no different. The salad had a nice flavor and had . But what really impressed us were the two specialty rolls we ordered, the Arizona and the Sunshine. Both were excellent! We were really surprised and pleased that they were so good!It had been a long and arduous day for the both of us, so we didnt stop with the sushi. We went on to split an order of Mongolian beef. We actually ordered everything at once, so it sounded like a good idea, but ended up being a ton of food. The beef dish was excellent, despite how full we were by the time it arrived. There was just enough spice to the really great sauce. The thing I didnt like was the decor. We sat at a patio table that was inside and there was a television directly above my head that was quite distracting. The food and the service made up for it in my opinion. I plan on adding Iron Chef to our rotation of dinner and/or take out spots. I even grabbed a to go menu on the way out!
5	My husband and I first checked this place out with a Groupon a few months back. Although our waiter was a little spacey the first time (he filled a sprite up with water twice), the food was enough to bring us back. We now frequent there for the late happy hour which is definitely worth it. Sushi is always good, love the seaweed salad and we also usually split the sesame shrimp.  Very good price, chill environment. We will go back, especially for happy hour!!
5	BEST HAPPY HOUR EVER! Seriously, how can you go wrong with half off ANY roll on the menu??? You can't! And they even have happy hour twice a day! So if you miss the early happy hour, you can still come for the late one.Thank you Groupon for leading me to Iron Chef! This is by far my favorite place to eat sushi. So far I have been three times but you can bet if I lived any closer I would probably be here every week. They have a nice sized selection of veggie rolls, all of which I have tried. They are simple, but the avocado rolls, and the sweet potato tempura rolls are by far my favorite. The rolls are also nicely sized themselves. I never leave here hungry for sure. The last time we were here, we ordered so many rolls that they brought them all out on a bridge! It was pretty awesome.The service is really great as well. Everyone who works here is really friendly. If you haven't been here yet, try it. Vegetarians and fish lovers all will be happy with the selection here.
5	I couldn't have been happier with the food, service, and specials. All around plus for me. The rolls were fantastic and presentation was creative and executed well. The staff here recognizes regulars and treats them like special guests, I will be coming back here often. The happy hour is better than any happy hour anywhere else with every single roll on it at half price. I felt a very welcoming presence here and it made me very comfortable. It's got that neighborhood vibe. Ask for the daily special rolls not listed on the menu, they have a secret list and you can order from it anytime if you know what to order ;)
5	Great food and fast service! Made my dish with white meat without a problem and the service was great. Highly recommend this place.
5	This place is awesome you can get the all you can eat for $25 bucks. Make sure you order the Phoenix roll, it is out of control.
4	We went for the happy hour that everyone raved about and missed it by 6 minutes. The times were not listed on the website so we were guessing. FYI, it's daily 3-5pm and 8-10pm. We ended up staying and everything was delicious. Our favorite was the Phoenix roll. Possibly one of the best rolls I have ever had. We also had the Fuji Mountain. It was very good. We spent way more than we had planned but it was worth the trip and we will be back.
4	The half price sushi at happy hour is fresh and great and generous portions, the service has always been great, and I enjoy going there all the time. It is the best bargain and kept secret in Phoenix, dont pass up on it
4	Great food, great happy hour prices. Every sushi item is half price from 3-5 and 8-10. Plus appetizers are $1 with the purchase of a beer. Not much in the way of ambiance, but not at all shabby. And you really can't complain considering how inexpensive it is. My boyfriend and I stuffed our faces and had 4 rolls, two appetizers, two large beers, and a large sake for about $40.
4	Interesting place for Sushi. The quality of the sushi was good - and to help out people who might not be that into Japanese cuisine, they offer Chinese as well! Who knew! Went here for lunch on a Monday at 12 Noon and zero wait. Food was good and our entire group of five had a good time. The Arizona and Phoenix rolls were both great!
5	Iron Chef has a great 50% all sushi rolls after 8pm. The rolls we ordered were amazing. We had: a Rainbow Roll, Golden Dragon and a Phoenix Roll. Because we had never eaten at Iron Chef before our waitress gave us complimentary sake.  Iron Chef is tiny so get there right at 8pm for the start of happy hour or you will have to wait to get a seat.This place is definitely worth checking out and I will be going back every week.
3	My boyfriend and I dropped in for the first time on a Sunday afternoon.  The atmosphere was nice and the restaurant was very clean.  Our server Dan was knowledgeable and pleasant. The food was average but good for the price. We will definately be back.
5	I came back to this place for my Brothers Birthday and it was another great experience. Friendly staff and sushi was awesome. We got there at 5:02pm and missed the happy hour but they still gave us Happy Hour Prices. This is the type of customer service that got a much larger tip and me coming back again and again!
4	I finally went to try out the new neighborhood sushi joint.  I had lunch at Iron Chef and must say that it was simply a delicious lunch done right!  I tried an assortment of sushi and sashimi including the surf clam (which is always a great way to measure freshness), the shrimp tempura sashimi, eel , shrimp and salmon.  The fish is fresh and prepared with a modern twist.  The entire lunch was provided to me on one large plate which made it easier to eat, as well as simpler to sample each variety of sushi without having to move plates around the table. The interior was carried over from Pick Up Stix, the previous tenant - it a small dining area without too much room to dine.  I was able to eat outside which I prefer until the heat comes scorching in.The service is good, not great.  Expect to wait for at least 15 minutes for your food.  However, it is worth the wait. Iron Chef also offers an all you can eat sushi buffet, half off happy hour and a Chinese menu.A great option for most any time.
4	I was looking for sushi but my usual joint is a good 20 minutes from home and I didn't feel like the drive. After a quick search I found Iron Chef, the husband and I figured we'd try something new for a change.  This little sushi joint is tucked away in between a beauty supply shop and an Italian restaurant. It has a small patio, a sushi bar and a number of tables. This is a small place so it is not your best choice for large groups, but is perfectly nice for a small party of four.  The menu is a little odd, half of the menu is sushi and Japanese fare, the other half is Chinese. We settled on sushi and vegetable tempura. When the tempura arrived we noticed the shrimp on the plate and quirked a brow. The waitress immediately apologized and informed us the chef mistakenly fried a mixed tempura plate. She brought us another plate of tempura veggies and left the mistake plate for us on the house.   The rolls we very fresh and presented very nicely on a large plate. The tempura was crispy, and fresh out the oil, not at all greasy.  We were very happy with everything that we ordered. I noticed the next door table had ordered off the Chinese menu and all the food that went to the table were large portions and looked very fresh.  We will be going back soon as this place has great happy hour specials and their reverse Happy Hour runs from 8pm to 10pm. Perfect for a late night sushi run!
4	This place has amazing deals! They have happy hour daily from 3-5 pm AND again from 8-10pm! The lunch specials here are from 11-2pm. I love the #5 sushi roll bento. It comes with soup, salad, spring roll, crab rangoon, California roll (the water of sushi) and you get to choose any two rolls from their Roll, Hand Roll, and Vegetarian Roll sushi menu - all for $10! That's a lot of frickin' food! Side note: all their Bento's are ten bucks.Service, again, was great. I noticed they got some new tables and chairs (although I did see a few of the old Pick Up Stix ones) and there are two large TV's to entertain you if your company is boring ;)
5	I love this place!!!!  You cannot find better prices and a better selection of creative and tasty sushi, sashimi, and rolls.  The menu just changed and the selection is even bigger.  The Phoenix Roll, the Pink Lady. and the Tuna Martini are must haves!  The happy hour is a don't miss!  Until October 31, the happy hour prices, 50% off all rolls, runs all day long.  If you buy a drink during happy hour, the appetizers are 99 cents!  The staff is friendly and full of great suggestions.  It can be hard to find...It is on the side of Whole Foods, on the Tatum side of the street.
4	Just a quick update, I popped in the other day to Iron Chef for Happy Hour and found out that they are running Half off All Rolls from now until October! If you are on the fence about trying this great place now is the perfect time!!
4	This place has amazing deals! There 50% off all rolls for the summer is divine! Not the greatest sushi in town but for the price and the experience A in my book! My friend got a cucumber roll and the presentation was out of this world and fun! Think rave flashing light fun! We spent so much time taking pics of the food. For sure a fun friend event! New regular affordable sushi place! Thought about going back again the next day because I drive past everday coming home from work!
1	This place Blows.  (with a capital 'B')The food that was supposed to be served hot arrived at our table cold (very cold).Our table was dirty and from my seat looking at the kitchen, it didn't appear too tidy either.The service here was so poor that we simply left the restaurant and paid for only the drinks we had ordered.Wanna be ignored? Looking for an absent waiter and arrogant host? Looking for a less than clean dining enviroment?  Then look no further.They might have 'great deals' on food..... if you consider awful service, nasty dining conditions and food that would be below par even in a federal prison a great deal.
1	I give anyone that catches me walking into this place my permission to punch me in the head. I went there not once, not twice...but three times and to say it sucks...would be to give it a compliment. They brought our salmon over to the table and it smelled like a fish that had been laying on the banks of the canals that run thru phx on a 115 degree temps for days!!! Watching my friend try to eat it was like putting peanut butter on the roof of a dogs mouth...they kept chewing, chewing and chewing til they spit it out. Go Brokers, go Koytos in scottsdale...go anywhere but here. They did however have good bottled beer in which they had not one bit of control over the quality...
4	My GF and I LOVE to eat here as part of our rotation of favorite eateries in the Scottsdale area (or vicinity). They always produce consistent quality food with a wide selection of Japanese & Chinese dishes, which we appreciate. The staff is always friendly and the service is quick. The prices are decent.. this place is definitely a GO!
3	I used a Groupon to try this place, and I went during lunch.  I wasn't disappointed.  I wasn't wow'd, but it was definitely good, and the staff was friendly and reasonable with regard to time.  I would go back.
1	Dry sushi rude waitress. Second time this has happened! We used to love this place. Anyways sad really won't be coming back. Save yourself the trouble there's a reason the sushi is always half price now!
2	Took a chance on this place and it was okay.The sushi selection was wide but lacked on taste and presentation.  I order the octopus rolls but the cut was terrible instead of nice sweet meat I got the fatty chewy portions on all 4 of the rolls.I was hoping for better based on reviews but this place disappointed I've still yet to find a good sushi joint in Phoenix
1	Went there last night for dinner with a Restaurant.com certificate that I purchases in April 2012.  When I presented the certificate to the waitress I was told it was not good anymore.  I pointed out there was no expiration date on it and she got the manager who came over with a pen and started underlining things on the certificate.  At this time I told him we would find another restaurant and we got up and left.  Do not go to this restaurant because they will try to talk you out of using gift certificates, coupons etc. Very few people there on A Saturday night at 7:00.  This should tell you something about the food and service.
2	The food was good. The service was horrible. The waitress was too busy to serve my table. I asked three different waiters for items because she was not coming to my table. When it was time to pay I showed my Groupon and they would not honor it. They said some of the sushi I had was half price and they would not honor it. In fact I bought $20 worth of sushi that was not half off. She got the manager and we go through the same argument. In fact it does not even mention it on the Groupon. So he points me to some handwritten signs posted in the restaurant. I felt they were unfair with their Groupon and the service alone should have honored the discount. I would have given them 1 star but I had to give them credit for the quality of the food. I'm going to post their Groupon disclosure about their half off sushi. Note. If you serve a special all day it's not happy hour.
4	I went to this place with a bunch of friends. After 8pm sushi is 1/2 off. Also, buy a beer or saki and your appetizer is 1/2 off too!Sushi was very fresh and tasty. The three of us had a variety of rolls and every one of them was great. Too many to name.I'll be going back again!
1	This place is a total scam. I first found this place by way of a groupon. I went at 8pm when all of their sushi rolls are half off with no restrictions unless of course you have a groupon. This clearly was not stated anywhere until of course I got my 40 dollar full price bill for sushi. They said they have a notice posted when you walk in stating the rule for groupons.  Clearly anyone walking in would not see it until the waitress pointed it out. It was a small little piece of paper in the corner of the window in small print. I sucked it up and just paid since I already paid for the groupon and the sushi was decent considering the area is lacking any kind of real sushi joint.Then I made the mistake of returning again for sushi a 2nd time. Again big sign stating half off all sushi, all day. I ordered three rolls all off the sushi menu with big bold letters stating half off ALL SUSHI ROLLS. When I got the bill the rolls were not half off as stated clearly on the menu. I asked the waitress what the deal was and she, "oh we just changed it so its only 50% off certain rolls.". I asked her how anyone would know that , and she just smiled and shrugged her shoulders. Good way to lose customers such as me.
4	This is a little sushi place within walking distance to my house. They have great half price rolls and offer up gluten free soy sauce. I plan to be a regular. If someone is very persnickety about appearances you may not get past that judgment and realize the good food. The wait staff is good and sometimes when they are busy a bit overwhelmed. However, I like the place and would recommend it for anyone.
5	This place is a great little gem in this area!!! I am so excited that it is near my house and they also deliver! You can get sushi and chinese!! Whatever you are feeling. The rolls are always fresh and tasty and their 1/2 price sushi deal is amazing.
5	Frequent this place often. Love the half priced sushi and it is amazing sushi. Not a ton of rice wrapped around a tiny piece of fish. Philadelphia and Vegas rolls are the best. Friendly owner and staff.
2	Service not so good. Sushi mediocre. Way too pricey. Simply put, there are way too many sushi restaurants around here to be settling for second best. If you want authenticity, go to Shimogamo. If you want big flavor for American palettes, try Sushi Room. Don't waste your time or money here.
1	We ordered take out from here for dinner last night. After paying our $70 tab (3 soups, 2 rolls), we opened the containers up at home to be incredibly disappointed. The soups were just ok, not the same quality as the first time, not horrible but just OK. The sushi is where we were REALLY pissed off. $15/roll to get 6 pieces of what looks like BUDGET SUSHI. We could have gone to Yume Sushi and gotten a kick ass awesome sushi roll (or two!) for that price but apparently here, it gets you a 6 piece baked (microwaved) rice roll with hardly any other ingredients smothered in "spicy" (not) mayo sauce with the teensiest bit of roe sprinkled on top. I'm not gonna lie, I TOTALLY felt downright ROBBED on this meal and I am not a happy camper about it. The food quality for the prices charged is insane. I won't be back.
3	We go to Iron Chef when we have a Groupon (which they run pretty regularly).  The service is good and there is rarely a wait for a table...  the food is average.  There's nothing wrong with the food - it just isn't spectacular.  We eat both the sushi and the chinese entrees...  all of it is fine, but nothing blows us away.  It's near home and inexpensive...  so that' usually our reason for going there.  You won't be blown away by the food, but the prices and more than fair and the service is very good (and friendly).
5	Great fresh sushi . The service was great . Prices were very reasonable . I like rockin roll ..
5	I have read many unfair reviews of this restaurant. It appears many people are attempting to "double dip". If you buy a groupon, don't be a cheapo and expect that the sushi half off will apply to you and then you can also get to apply your groupon. How do you expect these people to live? Outside of the misers that are reviewing this restaurant everybody should know the following:1) The sushi is amazing. I have seen some really innovative stuff.2) The owners are amazing. They are super friendly and, if you have children, they are kind to your children. It is not every day that you find that in a sushi restaurant. 3) They will accommodate you. If you are a sushi fanatic like myself and like something that is not on the menu, ask and you shall receive.All of these reasons combine to make this my FAVORITE sushi place in Phoenix.
3	pretty solid, as for some reason, between holding my Living Social voucher and the somewhat-obscure reputation, I may have set the bar lower than I needed to.  2 of the 3 rolls were excellent, the one that was not (spicy tuna?) was pretty fishy.  To the staff's credit, they gratefully replaced it.And, their wine list, while short, is very reasonably priced.  Will return.
4	I like to come here about every other week. I am out of town a lot. Nice little place and good sushi.
5	LOVE,LOVE,LOVE my IRON CHEF this place is so good my wife and i are here at least 2 times a week we love everything that they serve there, we have been here so many times i think i spent my kids college fund. :D  J.K. I would highly recommend this place to all.   ENJOY
4	Vacationing in Scottsdale recently and felt the craving for sushi they had 40% off a great selection of their rolls and we decided to get a california and a vegas roll both were very tasty and plated eloquently which i didnt expect to see due to the price reduction the teriyaki chicken was great as well full of veggies and chicken. i highly recommend Iron Chef
5	This is a great place!!!!!!!!!! Delicious rolls at an excellent price. Plus the staff is really nice. They have happy hour everyday and also all you can eat sushi!!!!! This is my new favorite sushi place in the area!
4	Good price
3	Had a Living Social coupon so we could try this place.  The edamame was overly salted.  I kept wiping the salt off my fingers.  We order a 3 fish sushi and spicy scallop roll.  Both were spicy and good.  We would go again if in the area but there are other sushi places closer to us that we rave about.
5	We bought a groupon here last week and used it that night.  The prices were great and the staff was super friendly.  The sushi was phenomenal!  We ordered the Pink Lady and I could have eaten 6 of them!
4	Great happy hour!!!  You can't beat the price.
4	Some of us from work have been coming here a few times at lunch. The great half-off rolls price is a good inducement, but the saki is better than most and the rolls all taste fresh and delicious. Iron Chef servers are impossibly cute, and they bring lots of ginger and wasabi to match your rolls. I had the veggie tempura box first time out and that was great. Great lunch, friendly, quick service, all for under a tenner.
4	Great food for the price and service
4	So I'm not a sushi connoisseur or anything (I know a good spicy tuna roll and that's about it), but both the spicy tuna roll and the spicy yellowtail roll were amazing here. My fiance had the sashimi plate, and since we rolled in at 8:05 pm, that thing was $12 dollars! He said it was great, my food was great and for two rolls and a sashimi plate, we paid $27 bucks. A steal. The service was good, the place was chill, the food exceeded my expectations. I'd absolutely go back.
5	This place has a great sushi happy hour. The sushi is good. And they also have a great selection of Chinese and Japanese food. I eat here at least twice a month, the staff is always friendly and knows exactly what I order (every time). Great prices.
1	The dirtiest restaurant ever. This is the closest sushi place to our house. Despite the mixed reviews here, we decided to give it a shot. We we went at around 8pm. As said in previous reviews, the restaurant was FILTHY. None of the tables were bused and someone had spilled a whole plate of sushi on the floor. The waitress apologized for the mess. We sat at the only unoccupied cleanish table and ordered tea. Soon we realized that no one was cleaning up the mess!!! The manager, who looked semi-homeless in his backwards baseball cap sat right next to the mess and counted money with his calculator, right there in the open.The waitress walked by all the disgusting tables empty-handed time after time. Eventually, she brought out a broom and dustpan and placed it next to the mess on the floor, but never cleaned it! We debated whether to leave, but ordered some sushi to see if anyone would clean anything before we left. Nope. Manager finished counting money and watching a playoff game and walked out. This disastrous excuse for a restaurant looked the same as the minute we walked in! I posted a couple of pics of this.It's too bad because the tea and sushi were okay, but I felt like I was eating in a garbage dump.
2	mediocre. that sums it up pretty well. The staff is semi-rude and not too helpful with questions. They do not accept the Yelp Check-in offer here so don't even try. The sushi was beautiful but not so fresh. Thankfully I went during happy-hour or I would have been extremely disappointed with the full price and quality of the sushi. From what I understand they have happy hour from open - 5pm and 8pm-close. ONLY GO DURING THESE TIMES or you will be overpaying for ok sushi. I was happy with the beer and sake selection but this was probably the most impressive part of my visit. Also be sure to check your bill before you pay they over charged us for two beers we never had and a roll we never even ordered.  ***Try the Bird of Paradise roll but add jalapenos ONLY GO HERE FOR HAPPY HOUR!!!
3	Half of the servers are wonderful, the other half leave you on the patio, dont bring silverware, dont bring menus, and don't bring water. Theres one server who was on his cell phone the entire time, and luckily the lady inside helped us. Terrible. The food itself was good, but nothing to write home about. Typical sushi. Service really threw me off. Won't go back.
1	Eat here at your own risk. I have eaten here two or three times never had anything great happen but never anything terrible. Food was okay, service terrible but they had good specials. I made the mistake of ordering oysters tonight they took twenty minutes to come out. The lady saw me confused as to why I was waiting so long and told me they had just been taken out of the freezer and needed to defrost. At this point I told her if they are not ready I don't want them ( who wants oysters that are defrosted then topped with some chopped onions and some slimy gross tasting yellow muck). She says they are coming right out. They were by far the worst oysters I have ever had. Thinking the taste was from the horrible preparation, disappointed, and disgusted I ate them anyway out of pure starvation. The lady never checked on me to see how it was left my water empty for most the meal and then asked if we wanted anything else. All I wanted was to get out of there I payed the 16.40 and left. I felt sick on the way home and when I got home immediately threw up everything I ate. I called back to complain and let them know the seafood they were serving is not safe. The manager did not care at all about the fact the oysters were sick and only after more complaining offered me a ten dollar credit. Are you f****ing kidding me so I just payed 6 dollars at your restaurant to puke and now I have to come back for the shit food and service another day. Ya right this place is disgusting! I will never eat there again and neither should you lol
5	Went for happy hour and was impressed with the sushi and to top it off all the rolls were half off. Big plus! Friendly staff as well.
2	Service was good, the sushi a bit too much rice and too warm.
5	We thought we would give it a try... It was good! Had 2 rolls. Phoenix roll was good.... Add cucumber and it's awesome!  Shea blvd roll was tasty! Spicy! Tuna sashimi was very fresh! We will return :)And the best part is they have kikusui!!!!!!
5	My girlfriend and I come here all the time. This place is great! She is definitely more of a sushi connoisseur than I but I really enjoy it here. They also have a great food menu for when I'm not in the mood for sushi. Service is always great and we always love coming in. Keep it up!
5	This is the BEST place for sushi in the area. My boyfriend and I are weekly regulars. You seriously cannot beat their all day happy hour prices and the sushi is so good. Try the Phoenix Roll and the Magic Roll (two of my personal favs).They also deliver if you live nearby, but its a lot more expensive because you wont get the happy hour price.The staff is always super friendly and the restaurant is very clean. 5 stars from me!
2	This is the third time I have eaten at Iron Chef. Its pretty good sushi and its right by my house.  The server next door at Nicks had told me it was dirty and the kitchen was gross. I don't know why but I decided to try it out again.  Immediately my napkin had a long black hair on it...I wasn't too upset just asked for a new plate.  Then my boyfriends plate was sticky...he asked for a new plate...my soy sauce cup had an old piece of rice in it...asked for a new one of those too...the server kept apologizing which was nice but come on...3 dirty things and we haven't even gotten our food yet! Our sushi arrived and it was ok...it wasn't as cold as I would like which worried me.  They gave us a cucumber salad for free...wow thanks. It's decent sushi for a really good price you just have some risks involved when you go there with cleanliness...
4	Iron Chef is the most reasonably priced sushi place I have come across in town that does not compromise on quality. I got three rolls and a hot tea for less than $15 during happy hour. The rice is nice and sticky. Ambience is okay. They have an outside patio area that is a nice option when the weather permits.
2	I was super excited when I saw a groupon come up for this place. I had heard it was really good from more than one person. Man, was I mislead.My Girlfriend and I started out with some edamame and miso soup. Both of those were pretty good, but not what I came for. We ordered 4 rolls: spicy tuna, avocado eel,  a deep fried one with peanuts and a samurai roll which consisted of a bunch of fish wrapped in seaweed. They ranged from bland to average.  The Samurai roll was the worst offender and I'm sorry to say that we didn't even bother to eat all of it.I don't think I'll be finding my way back here for sushi any time soon.
5	Best sushi I have had in a long time, and great prices!
3	I was not completely impressed with the chief specialty menu. He used onions on a dynamite roll...that was a first for me. The regular rolls were tasty and thick. But still nothing to rave about. However the regular rolls are priced decently.
4	The sushi is very good. The fact that it usually is 40%-50% off is such a bonus. The quality is good. The specialty rolls are very good and I recommend the salmon salad. The service isn't the best and sometimes it is a little dirty, but overall it is great for the price.
4	I haven't been here in awhile ever since we have been going to Jasmine Tokyo but my friend and I were in the neighborhood so we stopped in for lunch.Happy to write that cozy, friendly feel is still there and the hour and a half we were there for lunch there was a lot of foot traffic of people coming and going for lunch. They still have their Chinese menu, 40-50% off different rolls and all you can eat sushi for $24.95. Still a great neighborhood spot and great for a quick lunch. Of course . . . the only sushi place my son will ask for by name is Jasmine Tokyo . . . but I still like this place!
5	Do yourself a favor and come here. This sushi may not knock your socks off but this is easily the best value anywhere in Phoenix.  I don't bend to say much here other than I'm interrupting my meal to write this review. Been here about 10 times and never been disappointed. If u show up with a crew of 4 or more you are likely to enjoy some sake on the house or at least a free desert. And did I mention everything is 50% off. Enough said, this is your next sushi stop.
5	I love Iron Chef! We live down the street, and with prices this good, we're there almost every week. It's small, and the decor is nothing to write home about, but the half-price sushi is phenomenal, and there's a lot of variety! The staff is always really pleasant. I think they've memorized our order and definitely know us.
5	I'm not sure why this place does not have at least 4 stars??? Staff is amazing and sushi is the best I had for the best price!!! Ill never eat sushi anywhere else!!!!!!!!!!!
5	This place is awesome! $24.95 all you can eat. It is quality roll and great appetizers. Plus $2 beers.  They did not skimp on anything! We will be back.
5	Love their kindness before anything. Ive been here about 5 times now, and they remember me by my face. Its something I appreciate more than anything.Besides the welcoming feeling, their food always have 50% discounts. I actually have no idea if its all day long or just during lunch time because I come in during lunch. But their deals are great! I try to taste different kinds of rolls everytime time I visit. But i can never say no to the Dragon Roll! Its amazing and tasty! I recommend this place! Try it out!
4	This place has some good sushi!! The lunch special are amazing....Only $10 for soup,salad, 2 rolls(of your choice) and 2 slices of california roll!! Awesome!!
5	Delicious rolls, amazing service! We took my 2 year old niece and they were very accommodating and even brought her food out right away. Prices were very reasonable. Most definitely will be back again!
5	I love this place.  The sushi is amazing and the prices cannot be beat!
3	Decent sushi for the price, the hand rolls are great.  Nice place to sit on the patio and enjoy some sushi and a beer.
4	Between 1-3 went in. Really good food miso soup normally really salty however this was really good. Large lunch portions. Wanting to try sushi looks amazing. Had udon noodle dish was really great. I would like to give 5 star review however server was in front of the entrance with phone and had to waive someone for check.
5	Amazing deals and sushi is to die for. Japanese alcohol and specialty sushi. Great place, first time here and I am in love.
5	Iron Chef has the most inexpensive sushi and it's awesome!  Don't be fooled by the menu's high prices.  Everything is at least half off with their happy hour specials that run all the time.  Their hot and spicy soup is amazing and everyone that works there is really nice.
5	We now love the Love Heart Roll and the Flaming Dragon roll. Iron chef seriously cannot be beat. I love the staff, they know us and our orders now without us even telling them! Friday night regulars!
4	Iron Chef is a Chinese and Japanese restaurant. Really. That doesn't make sense. Never heard of this combination. Ok so I was a little skeptical. Small little place. When we walked in I was looking for a hostess but to my surprise nothing. Someone just told us to take a seat. So we find our own table. Waitress is very good and tells us all the Chef's Special rolls are 50% off all the time. Very cool. We ordered the Dragon roll, Caterpillar roll, and Crunchy Shrimp roll. The rolls were really good. Very fresh. We really enjoyed them. Not bad for a Chinese/Japanese place. I also ordered the House Special Chow Mein which had a nice mix of veggies, BBQ portk, and shrimp. Noodles cooked very good. Overall, it tasted okay. Not great and also not the worst I had before so it was good. My wife ordered the Chicken Yaki Udon noodles. So I guess when you order one of their Japanese  dishes they give you a bowl of miso soup. Soup was really good. Have to say it was outstanding. My daughter and wife shared the udon noodles. They both loved it. The chicken was very moist and tender. My wife enjoyed he noodles said it was cooked right and wasn't overpowering. They gobbled it up. So I would have to say they enjoyed it. Service we really good. They had three waitresses running around helping out their tables. All were Asian women and were very helpful. Cup were filled in a timely manner and they were really kind and smiling. That's they type of service I'm looking for. Also, the food came out really quickly. They also have a nice little area outside that looked nice to sit at especially with this great weather right now. So we had a great time, good food, good sushi and good service. If you can handle a little self service to find your own table then this is the place for you. Choice of Japanese or Chinese food. Really. Iron Chef somehow makes this works. I'm not complaining and I'll be back. Enjoy.
3	Very nice and pleasant service. Sushi is very good especially within the prices they charge.
3	The food was good but the service was very slow both times we went. Next time we will order the food to go.
3	The sushi at Iron Chef is pretty good (not the best I've ever had but good), but don't go there unless they're doing 50% off happy hour pricing on rolls, or else you will end up overpaying.
5	Great sushi, even better prices. Always good service especially with kids. The waitresses always give my kid different food to try. It's always happy hour there.
5	Went for the All you can eat sushi for $25. Salmon skin was outstanding. Does not include all the rolls but does include sashimi. Will definitely be going back. Some else posted a picture of what is included from 2012 but it is the same in 2014.
3	Only 3 stars because this place delivered to my house at 10:45 PM on a Saturday night. Pretty badass. It was only a $3 delivery charge too. That being said, the food- not that great. There's a Panda Express just down the street from my house I wish I would have gone to instead. I could have had food that I know I would have liked, and fed my family for $20 instead of food that was just MEH that cost double. Would not get take out again and based on the take out, would never go inside to eat.
5	Love this place! Great menu, everyone is always super nice, and great prices! This has been our go to pace for sushi!!! Will be back for sure!!!
5	Customer service makes this place too notch! If you're looking for a casual place to get some great sushi (or Chinese food) in the area, this would be the place. They're open late, great prices, excellent selection of rolls and other items. I can come here and order sushi while the people I'm with can order off the Chinese menu. I know this may not be authentic, but it allows for variety when dining with picky eaters.I had a salmon/tuna/mango roll that was so good - had just enough sweetness with the fruit. Also had a shrimp tempura roll with tuna in soy paper. Interesting combination that was very tasty.Their happy hour is great and I believe they are open everyday except Christmas (or maybe New Years - can't remember). It's an awesome local place to hang out. Small and casual where they make you feel right at home!
5	I love Iron Chef. Great sushi. Great specials. Great service.
4	Great sushi, great prices, great service. Only a 4, and not a 5 because it was FREEZING in there and the drinks were weak. Stick to the sushi and you're golden.
4	Great prices. This is my go to place for sushi with my best friend, especially because it's nice and easy on our wallets and the quality is certainly not the worst I've ever had. There are definitely other places in the area which serve higher quality fish, but unless you are a sushi snob, you likely won't be disappointed in the flavors and quality. They also have a lot of fun combos. I never thought I would enjoy salmon + mango, but it's really nice! Also, bowls that are on fire usually serves for fun conversations with nearby diners. Con: slow service. I will admit, I've waited a bit for service and food. However, I don't necessarily mind. My friend and I are always in good conversation and so we don't push for immediate service. Enjoy the social hour and fun food!
5	Had a groupon I purchased on line they excepted with no issues all the food was also 50% off the sushi was excellent the staff was very friendly and fast in making sushi place is very clean will be coming back again !
5	Tried this place initially using a Groupon deal. Since then my boyfriend eats here at least twice a week. It has the best service and daily deals. Excellent spicy tuna. I highly highly recommend this restaurant!!
5	Love everything about this local sushi shop. Everyone is extremely friendly and committed to making the visit excellent. There are usually a lot of staff working at any given time, so server attention and speed of the food is unparalleled. I always go here for the happy hour (50% off rolls ((unlimited!)) ) They also have great mixed drink/beer specials during happy hour. Food always tastes very fresh, and you can tell the chefs put a lot of care in to the creation and presentation. Parking is a little light during the tail end of happy hour, but if that's my biggest qualm, consider me a big fan. Give this place a shot!
4	This is the best sushi for your dollar in Phoenix. Don't get me wrong there are better sushi joints in the valley that have better environments, better sushi and in rare cases both, but none have it for this price. I've been here a few times and each experience the staff goes over and above to keep us fat and happy, and with how good the food is, its not that hard. If your mango fan, I would recommend the Golden Dragon Roll.Cost: CheapQuality: 4 out of 5Staff: 5 out of 5Enjoy this little gem.
1	Great if you want cheap sushi and are ok with the poor quality of the fish. They try to put all types of sauces and junk to mask the flavor of the poor quality fish. Most of their rolls are filled with yucky farmed salmon. As usual, you get what you pay for. Customer service is pretty good though.
4	Good sushi for the price. I wouldn't take an out-of-town guest here, but absolutely perfect for a low key week night date. I do not recommend ordering the nigiri, because the fish was not of the highest quality. But the rolls were great and the beer was cheap :)
4	Great sushi, great price! Staff is a bit absent, but not to the detriment of the meal. Recommended!
4	Delivery sushi that actually is decent quality and the fantail shrimp is really delicious. I gave it four stars because sushi to my door in 20 minutes if freaking awesome. Seafood was really clean too... Yum,
5	Passed by it on Monday & wanted to try it the next time I was craving Asian food. Today was looking for somewhere to eat for lunch & noticed this on Google Maps & remembered I wanted to try it. Went to their website to see their menu & they had a wide variety of chinese & japanese food. You can even order online & even have it delivered if its after a certain time. Decided to go there & get the food to go. Took 10mins or less to have my order ready.Ordered their lunch chicken chow mein combo which comes with chicken fried rice & 1 eggroll & 1 crab rangoon along with the chicken chow mein.The chow mein was excellent! They didn't put to many veggies or other weird items like some other chinese places do. Fried rice was a bit bland but when eaten with the other food it made up for the bland taste.Eggroll was delicious as well. Looks to be a veggie roll which I don't typically like but it reminds me of Yogis Grill eggrolls which are very similar & delicious as well.
4	My first visit here was in October of last year, for my DD's birthday, and we dined in.  It was early afternoon and the small restaurant was fairly empty, so we were attended to quickly. I got the Vegetable Tempura appetizer, which included broccoli (which I love), and mushrooms (which I despise), along with other veggies. I gave the mushrooms to the birthday girl, who also got the Spring Rolls appetizer.  Both appetizers were good. The tempura was nice and light; not greasy or oily at all. And the portion was huge.  So, besides the appetizers, what's a vegan to eat at a sushi bar? Veggie rolls! There's a Vegetarian Roll section on the Japanese menu. Mushi mushi! Arigato!My vegan order:AVOCADO ROLL: stuffed with fresh avocado & rice, and wrapped in the naturally plant-based nori. (Does not have rice surrounding the outer parts of the roll.)TOFU SKIN & AVOCADO ROLL: 1st of all, I didn't know that tofu had skin. Secondly, it's delicious! It's firm (not mushy) and the combination with avocado and the rice is very flavorful. The rice is on the outside of this roll. This is my favorite item here. There were 8 pieces per roll.They come with wasabi and ginger, which are both always fresh, and a yummy accompaniment to my veggie rolls. (Vegans who are sensitive to cross-contamination may want voice your concerns and make special requests. I did not see them switch up preparation areas or utensils. My food has never tasted "fishy," but...just so you know.)DD loves the Crunchy Shrimp Tempura Roll & the Shrimp Avocado Roll. She also gets 8 pieces per roll.All of our rolls were 50% off the regular menu price. I think this discount varies, based on which rolls you get.They have other veg*n options, like Teriyaki Tofu & a veggie Udon noodle dish, which I'd love to try one day.We now frequent Iron Chef, but we mostly do carry-out orders. We still get the 50% off though. There is a dedicated carry-out parking space located in front of their door, which is extremely helpful during peak times, when the parking lot is jam-packed.  The employees are always very nice, and they package my veggie rolls separately from the meat rolls.  They also give you a free drink with your to-go order, which is pretty sweet. There's a patio dining area outside its front doors.  The inside is dimly lit in the evenings; nice for a date night.
5	This has become our family's go to place for Sushi and fantastic fresh and plentiful Chinese Food, and the Sushi prices are cut in half during their happy hour 11 am to 3 pm ! and again after 8 pm ! what costs us $120.00 at Shogun now is less than $60.00! and the quality is comparable. The Blackberry Jasmin iced tea is my new favorite, we have been at this restaurant once a week for the last month and a half, very friendly and accommodating needs more than five stars...Honest!
5	Service, very nice and accommodating Food, everything was amazing. I had the chicken teriyaki with miso soup and fried rice. My wife had the avocado and cucumber roll and the Phoenix roll. Atmosphere, looks nice, friendly people, cute and cozy
5	I love love love Iron Chef! The place itself is small but spacious and decorated very nicely. The staff are all very polite and attentive. The quality of the food is amazing and the happy hour prices are unbelieveably cheap. It's a great atmosphere and I consider this my favorite sushi joint in town :)
1	My friend and I always go to Iron Chef for sushi, the sushi is great and so are the prices. Every time we've been there the service is good and everyone's very attentive but this time it was horrible. The restaurant wasn't busy at all and we sat down and they gave us menus but no plates or silverware. Servers would pass by and not say anything until finally I flagged someone done and got our order in after about 10 min. We get our food but still no plates or silverware, my friend had to get up and get it himself. They didn't ask if we needed anything, I always had to flag someone down and ask, only refill our teas every so often. I love the sushi here but I'm sure if I'll be back.
4	I am a little disappointed in myself for not walking into this restaurant sooner considering it is less than a mile from where I live!  The service I had was outstanding!  Unfortunately, I did not catch my server's name.  Iron Chef has the best happy hour ever!  All rolls are 50% off and many other items are 40% off, and they have great drink specials.  There is also a reverse happy hour from 8-10.  I honestly need to come back because I wanted to try 20 things on the menu...they have quite an extensive menu.  I ended up ordering the squid salad, the ahi tuna martini and spring rolls and a mai tai.  I know I am a piglet, but I did indeed eat it all!  The squid salad was good, not the best I have ever had, but still very delicious.  I cleaned the dish!  The ahi tuna martini was fabulous!  There was tons of fresh, cold tuna and it tasted spectacular with the seaweed, cucumber and the sauce brought it all together.  As you can tell from the picture, it had quite the presentation as well.  Everything at Iron Chef seems to have a lovely presentation in general, I was enjoying watching all the dishes come from the kitchen/sushi bar.  You can tell the spring rolls are made in house; nothing too excting to say about spring rolls but they are $2!  Again my server was a doll, I will be sure to catch her name next time!  Everything is very reasonably priced and I hope my fortune cookie is right!
3	The food was good. Didn't get many choices for spirits. The service was not what I would consider to be at par. Didn't get our waters refilled even once the whole time we were there. But the food was awesome for how much the total bill was.
2	I took my family on  Friday.  It was busy but we got table. It took a while to get drinks ordered and once the sushi came, the rolls were full of rice and not enough fish. We've eaten at most better known sushi restaurants in the Valley and we were hoping that this would be a new place we could frequent. Unfortunately, the service and the food was mediocre at best.
4	Sushi was excellent.  Service was great.  Insane happy hour specials.  Check it out!!
4	Good food, and good service
5	While you normally wouldn't think of Iron Chef for catering, ASK THEM ABOUT IT!  They crushed it for a party we had on several levels from the catered Chinese food, the sushi chef knocking out dish after dish and beyond!  When they came back the next day to pick up a tray they had forgotten, they brought over an additional huge tray of Orange Chicken just to be nice.  Eating at the restaurant is always great but if you ever thought about getting Sushi and Chinese for a party, call Iron Chef.  The price and value were beyond expectations.
1	Much as I have enjoyed take out from here in the past, we had an awful experience on Christmas day.We were looking for a place that was open to go to for dinner, and called a couple of local chinese places. Iron Chef answered their phone and said they were open until 10.30.We went there around 7PM and found the place busy. We were shown to seats on the patio and waited a while to get someone's attention. It was busy, we were not in a rush and we understood. Once the menus arrived (sushi, Japanese & Chinese) we started reading and figuring out what we felt like that evening. Another 15 minutes passed until we finally flagged down a waiter, not ours apparently, who promised to send someone over to take an order.More time passed. A giggly young lady arrived and said something in a sing-song voice that seemed to indicate that there was only sushi available and she flitted away before we could confirm what she said. Food was being delivered to other tables around us, and the takeout order line had dissipated so we thought it would improve.45 minutes in and getting hungry now, I flagged down another young lady who asked if we needed more time to order. We said, emphatically, that we were ready. I proceeded to list some items including some Chinese items. She wrote it all down, looked up at the ceiling in a quizzical manner, and then said that there was no Chinese food being made because they were too busy right now.The other tables around us were being served, including what was clearly Chinese food.We were obviously not going to get anywhere with this person, so we simply got up and left, hungry and upset.I doubt that I will ever go to this place ever again. There are many alternative asian places nearby, including competent chains like Panda Express across the road and the very good, family owned and run Golden Wok, less than a mile away
5	Simply the best takeout experience I've had, time and time again with impressive consistency. They are always so friendly, and offer you a soft drink while you wait and will occasionally give you some soup as well. The contents of the bags I skip out of there with are the real gem though.Sushi: mouth watering, inventive, large rolls. Can't go wrong. I've tried most, and they are all delicious. Specifics? Go Snow White and Spicy Tuna Mango.Food: I've only had the Singapore chow Mai fun, because it's that good. Get egg drop wonton soup with it to complete the symphony of deliciousness. The best part? Prices that still puzzle me. Pound for pound, tied as my favorite sushi place in town.
5	We found this place over a year ago due to a Groupon.  We have gone back over and over again.  Today we chose to celebrate my daughters 23 birthday, with Sushi, at this place.   We let them know our party would have 8 people.  I just want to say that I was most impressed that they surprised my daughter with an animal creation made with a oranges,  Cat? Owl?  who knows, but it was cute.  And a Green tea icecream plate with a candle.  They sang happy birthday with music, lights and a few gongs.  We we so floored by the extra attention.    The food is good, the sushi is good.   Not everyone in our family likes sushi so they ordered other stuff, I ate some  non sushi leftovers and Yum.  The service is good.
4	My friend and I were aimlessly driving around looking for a place for happy hour. Luckily, we came across this gem. The happy hour prices were amazing---you could get an appetizer for a mere $2 when you ordered a drink. I ordered the Mai Thai for $2.95. What a steal! I also ordered the Singapore noodles, which were mouth-watering. My friend enjoyed the half-off sushi deals and the sake bombs. I definitely plan on coming back here next time I'm in town!
5	If you order delivery on a regular basis they give you free food. The people care about your satisfaction and they charge less for the same food as other restaurants. Full of cute girls, alcoholic beverages, and the patio is the perfect enclave.
4	Seriously good sushi to be had here! And they always have specials which in my opinion are amazing! Hello all day HH and other crazy specials. Iron Chef has the best happy hour ever!  All rolls are 50% off and many other items are 40% off, and they have great drink specials.  There is also a reverse happy hour from 8-10.  I honestly need to come back because I wanted to try 20 things on the menu...they have quite an extensive menu.  I ended up ordering salmon and yellowtail hand rolls, the Golden Dragon roll and the delicious Phoenix roll! Serious melt in your mouth moments!   Everything at Iron Chef seems to have a lovely presentation in general, I was enjoying watching all the dishes come from the kitchen/sushi bar.  You can tell the spring rolls are made in house; nothing too excting to say about spring rolls but they are $2! Super-friendly staff and a good vibe environment to add will definitely bring this sushi lover back here!
