3	Dinner with the nephew tonight and this was his choice.  His second time, my first.  Now I feel that I must preface this review by saying that in NO way am I a philly cheesesteak expert... I only claim to know what I like... and even then sometimes I change my mind!Geno's is pretty good... definitely still have some kinks to work out as far as staff and service issues... but food was decent.  For a newly open shop what else would you expect, right?  Seemed like a lot of staff working and not a whole lot of business.   Didn't make sense that the tables hadn't been bussed when there were several people just standing around... I had half of a pepper philly with chicken  (Mild peppers, spicy cherry peppers, sweet peppers, mayo and white American cheese )  [Half 4.99 Whole 8.99]It was OK... although side note...I have never had a philly where the cheese was cooked in with the chicken... usually it's on top... Wouldn't say it was bad... just different and not what I expected.My nephew had the Saurkrout Dog - (minus the onions) Grilled onions, grilled sauerkrout and spicy mustard [3.99]He really enjoyed it... especially the sauerkroutAnd we shared an order of Greek Fries -  Feta cheese, greek dressing and shredded parmesean [3.99]Dee-lish-ous!  (would go back again just for this yumminess!)Lots of hot sauce choices and a great "sub sauce."  Best described as a watered down hot sauce with a tad more vinegar... Wonderful addition on the philly and the fries! We also ordered the Garlic Chicken Pita to go for my sister (who btw stalks my yelp reviews!! Hi D! :) Chicken, garlic sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, and pickles. [5.99]Must have been pretty good because it was gone shortly after she got home! lol!Decent food, good price.  Overall, definitely good addition to the ASU area!
2	Honestly this is a place to eat when you are wasted so you don't feel bad about your self. My boy-friend and i came in for a first time. The people at the cashier were nice and the food came out on time. Definitely not your healthiest choice to eat if you are in Tempe or if you are a girl who wants to stay fit!!! Too greasy.
4	At work we decided to try Genos. Staff on the phone was very friendly and  attentive when taking my order. When I arrived at Genos my order was ready, staff was friedly and restaurant was clean and inviting. I ordered Geno's Famous Philly w/Jalapenos a whole size. Flavor was great I recomend adding Jalapenos. Everyone ordered a whole sandwhich and we all were agreement a whole was the way to go, half just wouldn't cut. Everyone at work enjoyed sandwhichs and said we would order again. Only draw back its a bit pricey $9 for a whole and they charge for addiotioanl toppings, our suggestion is not to charge for additional toppings.
1	Ordered a 9$ cheesesteak for lunch. It took them over an hour to deliver it (only a few blocks away)I was also very disappointed with the quality of sandwich I got for 9$ it was mostly bread. The meat wasn't spread through the whole sandwich so I was left with cheesy bread ends. Over priced and slow. No go.
4	I was hungry but too lazy to go anywhere to get food. My boyfriend mentioned that someone dropped of a menu from Geno's and they deliver till 4 am. The menu listed a variety of cheesesteaks, sandwiches, hot dogs, gyros, salads, wings, burgers, and loaded fries. I decided on a mushroom cheesesteak and Greek fries. When the delivery guy arrived with my food he told me he didn't have change for a $20. Your job is to deliver food and you don't have change? If you are a delivery guy and you know that someone is paying cash you should come prepared. Other than that the food was really good and I will definitely order from Geno's again.
5	Great cheesesteak. They have such a variety it would be hard not to please a cheesesteak fan. I didn't get it delivered yet. I actually might do that right now. Highly recommend going here although the prices are a little on the higher end.Has beer on tap and in bottles. Tap includes Shock Top.
2	It's midnight and a half and I've got the munchies after spending an evening at the poolside drinking ciders and chatting with a great friend. I take the dog out for her nighttime walk and to grab the mail, and once I get home I go through the stack of weekly flyers that jam my mailbox when I come across a familiar name: Geno's.    Now this name means something to me. Geno's is my favourite cheesesteak, experienced a number of times during trips out to Philadelphia and perpetually missed. I feel some misgivings about seeing a new place that has blatantly stolen the name of a landmark, but decide to give them a shot having been wooed by their big bold claims of being open super-late.   I had passed by the location earlier in the day so finding Geno's was easy peasy, and at 1am there was no line so my order was in quick as a whistle. I mill about, impressed at a massive array of hot sauces on the counter but otherwise bored by the blatant ZOMGPHILADELPHIA decor.  In a very reasonable time the cute girl behind the counter hands me a foil tube which felt a bit light, but still held promise of tasty times.   Rather than eating in, I bring the 'steak home to give the meat juices and "cheese sauce" (apparently not cheese whiz) proper time to soak into the roll. Unrolling it, I notice that the paper wrapper inside the foil is remarkably clean,  and my heart sinks a bit at the suggestion of a lack of the aforementioned meat juice and 'whiz. I finish unwrapping the 'steak and find a roll unlike the soft, spongy bread that I'm used to, rather one that is a little dry and crusty on the edges and dusted with corn meal.    I ordered a whole because I'm not a little girl, so I tear the 'steak in half and notice how little meat is in the sandwich, so little that there's an entire inch and a half at one end of the sandwich that has no filling at all. Not good, but I'm in this for the long haul. I take my first bite into a center bit, and while the flavor is okay, it is markedly dry and not nearly gooey with 'whiz enough. I soldier on and notice a great inconsistency in the onions, some cut into thin strips and others still in big chunks. The rest of the sandwich was as dry as the first bite and the corn meal dusting on the bread distracts from what flavor was there.    In the end, I really don't feel like I got my nine bucks worth of cheesesteak so I'm going to file this place away as a late-night desperation call, but definitely never a first choice.
2	For $20 I feel I got ripped the fuck off. For a third of the price, I could have got two subs at jimmy johns. Whack. Dude took a $3 tip then spilled my soda. Oh. And dude also didn't bring me a fork, so I had to wash a fucking dish. Fuck that.
1	$9 freaking dollars for a philly cheesesteak that is about the size of an old dollar coin?  Save yourself the money and go to Chicago's Taylor Street just down the road on Rural and Curry.  A bit shorter but way thicker, all for 5 bucks!!  These people lost their minds charging what they do.
1	I went back after my initial review and gave the place a second chance.  Frequented there often because I found their wings to be awesomely hot.  After going there ALL the freaking time, I ordered wings (2 dozen) which were basically not hot what so ever.  I called and long story short, they gave me a 3 dollar discount.  Had I known that was what was given, I would have had them deliver another order and pick up what was left.  What really irritates me is that when I call up and find this out, the girl basically just says that there's nothing SHE can do.  And then just leaves it at that.  Well how about getting someone on the phone who can?  What a concept!  I mean, I know it's just short of rocket science, but come on!  Then, the manager comes on the phone.  I ask if she worked yesterday, and her reply is, "what day is it today?"  WTF?!  Seriously?  People are absolutely effing clueless!  So begins to tell me that she doesn't have the authority to do anything else.  SHE doesn't.  Well who the heck does?  Maybe..just maybe we should contact them?  I find it extremely aggravating when you have to problem solve your own issues with a company because the employees are dumber than a box of rocks!  Do you have one brain cell that is functional?  This place sucks.
1	I used to love Geno's because the food is good and they deliver but the employees seriously suck at life. The first time I placed an order for delivery the delivery driver had no change and offered to take my money, go to the store, and bring me back my change. The guy looked untrustworthy so I declined his offer. We have had food delivered to our apt several times and today a girl told me they don't deliver to my area. I asked her why they delivered to my apt a week ago and she said if I order $30 worth of food they'll deliver it . I don't know if they don't train their employees well or if they just hire stupid people but I have a feeling its a mixture of both. I called Silver Mine and had no problems. I wouldn't recommed eating here unless you enjoy dealing with idiots.
3	Great food, good prices, iffy customer service.
1	I had high expectations going into this place due to the name, and the fact that they already have a successful location here in the valley, but was let down.Went in to order my Philly, and was greeted by who might possibly be the least intelligent ASU coed in existence (Yes, I found her).  The experience went like this:Me: : Hello, I want to get a regular Philly to go.  Could I get some extra onions on that please?  (Mind you, it already comes with onions and cheese)   I see you have potato salad.  Is it homemade?"She: (Vapid stare into the void)Me:  (After uncomfortable silence of seemingly years)  "Uuh...is your potato salad made here...like in-house?"She:  "Well, uuh, it's better than the stuff you get at the grocery store."Me:  "I, um...well, you see... OK, never mind  (giving up).  I'll try it.She:  "That'll be 13.00 (and change)".Me:  (Looking at the bill)  "Ummmm....you guys charge 50 cents (OK, 49) for extra onions?  Does that seem a little strange???"She:  (Vapid stare returns)Me: "Fine, whatever...but that's really cheap, you might want to tell the owner that 50 cents for some extra onions on a sandwich that already comes with them is a bit of overkill.She:  *crickets chirping*The sandwich was OK, probably three stars, and the potato salad was fine.  Likely it is from Shamrock or whoever their distributor is.  There seems to be no way to find out.  This is the first one star review I have written.  I hope the owner reads this and realizes how effing cheap it is to charge fifty cents to throw some extra onions on an effing sandwich. Cheese sauce is their own recipe it seems, not WIZ like someone already mentioned.  It is OK.Also, train your staff.  You have been there for months now.  Have all cashiers spend a few hours in the kitchen to see wtf is going on with your product.One more comment, before I end this rant.  13+ dollars for a sandwich and a small potato salad is bloody ridiculous.  This place is now officially on the boycott list.
4	Very clean, fast service, very nice employees and good subs!!
3	UPDATE: Their delivery charge went up to $3.50 (Not kidding!) That is just ridiculous. I won't be ordering from here very often anymore.Geno's is one of my favorite places for late night delivery! They are pretty darn fast, pretty cheap when compared to price, and everyone is always really friendly (both the people on the phone and the delivery guy). The delivery minimum is 8.99 or something like that and the delivery fee is 1.75 I think.So here is the food rundown!Reuben Philly: Really tasty. Ask for light dressing if you don't want the thing smothered (and I don't). The chopped pastrami is kind of weird but still tasty.Caesar Salad: Oh my god it is soo good! The dressing is amazing, tangy and salty exactly the way good Cesar dressing tastes like. I order from Geno's more often then any other delivery place because I always get a salad and this salad is amazing. Everything is always fresh and green, no old lettuce here!Western Burger: The burger is really good. Totally filling. The patty is a bit dense which probably means that they smash it down on the grill, but other then that it's really tasty.Greek Fries: Do not order these on delivery! The fries never make it here very good. They are always soggy. Anywho, I love this place and for late night delivery (they deliver till 4am!) it can not be beat.
3	This review is dedicated to Mat C.  We ate at Gino's together for lunch, and he demanded that I write this review and make it funny.  And the next day he told me I needed to make this revision.So I gave Mat C. several options for lunch based on some coupons I had pulled from the Entertainment Book, and he selected Moreno's.  So we can all blame Mat C. for this review and our misadventure.  We drove to Moreno's. . .  wait this is a review about Gino's and guess what.  Moreno's died, and from its ashes sprung Gino's.  I had driven by Gino's many times, but hadn't noticed the lack of Moreno's.  Moreno's was rather nondescript, but Gino's lets it all hang out with signs and flashy colors.  It is hard to miss.  I was eager to eat there as I drive past it every day I go to work.  The first thing I noticed was that I couldn't check in because Gino's had neglected to add themselves to Yelp.  What a huge oversight.  Who just relies on signs and flashy colors?  So I added them, thanks Yelp.  Yep, that's a new feature, although my ampersand was converted into a dollar sign.  That wasn't my fault people.  The wait was short, but then we were the only ones in the place.  Mat C. got the original cheesesteak, and found the amount of meat lacking.  He's been spoiled by another restaurant that shall remain nameless.  The whole place had the feel of a corporate chain with specific amounts of meat scripted into each sandwich.  Mat C. recommends laying it on thick when a restaurant is getting established.  He ended up ditching the roll and just eating the meat because the roll was too plain as it had no distinctive taste and wasn't toasted.  Our other friend, who shall also remain nameless because this review isn't dedicated to him, ordered some kind of pastrami cheesesteak and said that there was too much vinegar.  Not sure why there would be any vinegar, but there you have it.  He didn't finish his.  I got the Reuben cheesesteak, which was good.  They coated both the inside of the roll and outside of the roll with the Thousand Island dressing, which worked well, dressing wise.  Otherwise, it was just meat, roll, and dressing.  Not to exciting, but tasted good nonetheless.  And we all agreed that the chili cheese fries were the best part.  I'd be willing to return, but both of my friends declared that it was a one timer, and my feelings aren't strong enough to pester them into a second chance.  Plus, the next day they told me that they felt sick afterwards.
2	Honestly, this place sucks my left nut. Cheesesteaks and gyros are trash...l the deli sandwichs are not bad, a little light on the meat but still decent.
4	I'm not a big cheesesteak person, but Genos changed me. My bf was begging to go. The first time I ordered a whole, which is $9 but a whole lot! I get halves now for $5(same as a Subway or Jimmy Johns sandwich, but with flavor). The greek fries are good, but get the dressing on the side. I have to agree, service is definitely lacking a "warm & fuzzy" feeling & the delivery fee is astronomical, but it's well worth it for a consistently good sandwich & being open til 4AM. I don't know if it's just the haters that are writing reviews or we've just been lucky getting all our orders right, but this place rocks hard for a yummy phillies. Oh yeah, as for the bread, I dig it. It's nothin crazy, but it's always fresh n compliments the rest well.
1	I ordered delivery after a long day on campus and it cost $13 for a gyro, fries and a soda. I normally don't mind paying the extra cash for a delicious meal but the fries were room temperature by the time I got them and the gyro was just okay. This meal was not worth the money. I will not be returning to this place.
3	Yesterday was my first visit.  I had gotten a flyer in the paper and I had passed the place. So knowing what they had I went in. The place was clean and bright. I liked that.I ordered my cheesesteak with fries and the reguler drink size. No meal deal here $10 Buck! This make me not so happy, because I love this meal, but I don't go get a $10 sandwich meal each week.. The food was hot, fresh and tasty and came faster than I expected. This made me happy. The Sub roll was fresh, soft, warm and loaded with meat, mushrooms, onioned green bell pepper slices. My only disappointment was with the fries. The fries taste a little strange like they are coated with something during processing. They come out crisp and look fine. I had this experience at other locations. They should change fries. I plan to not order them ever again. Besides at $2 you get a handful small side of them. When I order fries in addition and pay extra I expect enough to share or make a meal of.  I'm just saying one feels they have been budozooled by the cost and portion you get for $2, We are a McDonald's super size nation and well if I was paying $2 for fries at Mc D's a hell of a lot of fries would be on the plate!  But since I don't like these fries and plan to skip them in the future unless they change fry suppliers the small portion was enough.However the cheese steak was awesome but extra cheese  should be advised.They offer beer here also but the service is somewhat just there and not actually suggesting or tempting to up sell you, so I saw this after the fact.  Oh well there's room for improvement but they make a great variety of Cheesesteaks and deli sandwiches to enjoy.
2	One night I was really craving a cheesesteak so I called and ordered Genos. They said it was going to take an hour and I considered going to pick it up because I live only five minutes from Genos. Well when it is actually delivered to my house, it had taken more like an hour and a half. The food was soggy and fries were cold. I was very disappointed.
4	This place seems to get a lot of hate, and I'm not sure why.  When I've been, I've had nothing but a good experience.  Admittedly I've never had a sandwich delivered, and that seems to be the source of a lot of complaints, but unless you live like across the street, NEVER order a cheesesteak for delivery.  Cheesesteak sandwiches are a race against the clock: they're inherently super greasy (that's the nature of the sandwich), and that grease wants to go somewhere, and that somewhere is going to be the bread.  Yeah, the bread should get a bit soggy in a good steak, but wait too long, and it's going to be disgusting.  A good cheesesteak should be eaten right away.Anyway, on to my experience.  Geno's makes a surprisingly authentic cheesesteak sandwich.  The bread is excellent, the steak is perfect, and they've got the whiz.  I haven't gone to a lot of other cheesesteak joints here, but I've been to several in Salt Lake and several in Philly (my parents are from PA), and this place holds its own.  The portions are very generous.  I had a side of fries.  Nothing to write home about, but passable.Is Geno's cheap?  Nah, not really, but cheesesteaks are never cheep.  If you want a five dollar foot long sub, there's Subway for that.  At $9 for a full steak sandwich, Geno's is priced about right for this kind of shop.  Yeah, it's not priced low enough to be an everyday lunch, but if you plan on eating a massive steak sandwich for lunch on a daily basis, you'd better rethink your life.One thing I really liked was that they had some great Philly staples, namely Tastykakes and Birch Beer.  Nice touch that reminds me of home.If you're in the mood for a good steak, head on in.  Based on the reviews you may want to avoid delivery, but that goes without saying if you're getting a cheesesteak.  Besides, there's plenty of room to sit and eat, and the dining room is bright and clean.The only thing that bugs me a bit is the name: this is obviously a reference to the famous Geno's in Philly on 9th Street, though the two are obviously not related (which is a good thing since the Geno's in Philly is kinda racist).  For some reason taking the name seems wrong to me.  Besides, if you're going to steal a name from a place on 9th Street, steal Pat's!
4	Being the food snob that i am, i did not want to go here. in my head i thought, "oh great, another wanna be cheesesteak shop." But it was late, and for some reason i was in Tempe, so i tried it out with a couple of friends.. to be honest the sandwich i ate was not the best, but that was only because i got "pepper crazy" and ordered three different kinds of peppers for my hoagie. i swapped half of mine with my friends regular whiz steak, and i was instantly happy.  The bread was soft but a little refreshing in a way to not be harder as i expected. Service was good, and i was able to watch the rest of The Fast and The Furious that was playing,
4	DRUNK FOOD = GENOS BEST PLACE TO CURE that junk food craving and the best part is its open till 4 am so after last call you have GENOS! Its not downtown Philly, but it has its own flavor with a twist come on were in Arizona..
1	delivery dude "forgot" to bring change. how fucking convenient. Another $20 fucking dollars for a sandwich, drink and macaroni salad.
5	Best cheese steaks I have had in Arizona yet! The fried pickles are really really good too!
2	Don't eat here. The employees are incompetent. I clearly asked for no onions or mayo on my sandwich and got home to find that both were on there. Their job is not that difficult. I don't understand how someone can screw up something so simple. They are lucky I'm not allergic to onions or else things could have been way worse. I won't be eating here again.
2	My wife and daughter like the cheesesteaks, so I wish I liked the sandwiches. Bottom line, the hoagie rolls are stale and gross here, so a cold turkey sandwich is destined for mediocrity. I guess on the positive side it keeps me from eating bread, but to me that's one of the key components of a sandwich done right. Genos doesn't get it right.
3	I have to say for a college area, this place wasn't so bad!I had a 1/2 Provolone Philly Cheese-steak only because I don't like Cheese wiz! The bread stayed nice, didn't get soggy like other places. The onions and peppers weren't crunchy but they weren't over cooked either. I do wish they would have put mayo on mine, but it was my fault for not asking to! The size was perfect for me.MWH had the same except that his was full sized. He agreed that we should have gotten a side of mayo. He also ordered Onion Rings, which looked very good, nice and crispy. He said they were good also.I ordered Fried Pickles! Anyone who knows me knows that I will always try any ones Fried Pickles at least once! The pickles were spears, which I do not like, but what can you do? They were fried up well, the batter was a little spicy but I like them like that. I did feel they were a little over cooked for my liking. The ends were soggy - so I didn't eat the ends. We got 5 pickles for our order, which I thought were pretty good.MDD got fries smothered in Cheese and Bacon! She said they were wonderful! Bottle of water and two drinks total came to $34.00 and change. A little high for my liking but not bad for lunch. We left full and content. (FYI - MWH stands for My Wonderful Husband and MDD stands for My Darling Daughter);)
4	Philly cheese steaks are my favorite sandwich, and as many of you know it's hard to find one that's perfect. However Geno's is very very good. I always get the hoagie Philly, bread gets a little soggy sometimes though. Their fried pickles at this location are really good but I wish they were the pickle chips instead of spears. The fried zucchini wasn't that great, the zucchini was actually mushy and I don't like that. Only other downfall is that it's usually a 10-15 minute wait for to go orders
1	So disapointing! Today was my first experience & last! Let me start by saying that the woman at the counter was polite and helpful while I was ordering. The restaurant had maybe 2-4 customers in it so not extremely busy at all. I got my order fairly quick and came home. Opened my sandwich up to find it was NOT what I ordered at all, not even close! I called and they suggested I could come back and they would remake my order...why should I have to go out of my way, as a paying customer, to fix someone else's error?! There were lots of excuses as to why the "mix-up" happened and very few solutions to my dinner problem. I suggested they remake my order and utilize their delivery service since I live in the area, they seemed hesitant but agreed. Its been 30min+ since I called, even if this sandwich is amazing, I will NEVER give my money to this company ever again.
4	I'd give them a 5 star but; their quality is a tad uneven. Where they're good; they're def 'on point' though. :)
2	When I noticed this place open up, I was quite curious; however, I never made it out to here until last night.  They were very polite and quick, but the cheesesteak was average at best.Of course, on my first time there I went for the sandwich with the wiz on it, as to measure it up to others in the cheesesteakosphere.It was the kind of experience that started out decent, but by the time I was about 5 bites in, the lower quality ingredients began to speak.  By the end I was over it and, the last bite tasted exactly like a McDonalds cheeseburger.The bread was run of the mill and too soft, but didn't get totally soggy.Honestly the fixings on the sandwich were the only thing speaking to me.The meat wasn't like thin sliced steak, it was more like some chimera of steak and ground beef.  They have an OK tap there.I see it as a reasonable option for late night/boozy acquisitions, but don't plan a meal on it.
3	Tonight I was super hungry (hadn't eaten since breakfast) and didn't feel like cooking tonight so I decided to go out.  I was trying to decide between Geno's or In n out.  Since it was closer I went with Geno's.  By the end of my meal I was kind of regretting my decision.I ordered a famous philly wit whiz.  A lot of people outside of Philly hate it this way but I love it.  The sandwich itself was pretty good.  Solid steak, the whiz was tasty, the grilled onions were excellent and the soft bread made it come together.  However not somewhere I would eat regularly.  This sandwich was 9 dollars and it didn't even fill me up.  There could have been more meat in it as well.  The sandwich was good, but nowhere near worth 9 dollars.If you have money to spend and want a solid cheesesteak and you're in the area, do it.  But if you're living on a budget, I wouldn't recommend this place.On another note, I also had a tastykake and it was pretty good!However I probably won't be back anytime soon.
2	Yes my cheesesteak eventually did arrive. The best way to describe it is it was....underwhelming to say the least. Like I said previously, never again.
1	Ordered two sweet pepper cheese steaks and cheese fries to two to split.First, the lack of knowledge of the menu by the counter person was staggering.  Nice enough person, but basically she knew jack about the menu...which was kind of amazing since the menu isn't all that complex.Next price to value.  Way out of whack.  I mean this place is across the street from ASU and lunch for two was $20+.  Really???!!?? For cheese steaks and fries?Quality of food.  Fair.  Cheese steaks were ok, but I'm glad I ordered them with sweet peppers...would hate to see what the spicy ones are like.Fries...serviceable.Something was slightly off about the food.  I had really bad acid reflux and well...how do I put this politely...my friend had one exit no waiting.Overall, not a place to return to.
1	Rude Representative on the phone!!! I can't believe that she hang up on me!!
4	This is probably my favorite cheese steak in town, the meat is tender, the vegetables are crisp and they don't skimp on the cheese (provolone for this girl).  The roll holds up well with all the fillings, but isn't so hard you can't bite it.  I have had many Cheesesteaks, and some of them are so bland and don't taste like anything, but that is not the case here.I know some have talked about the price, but I just had a half cheese steak with chips and a drink for less than $8 total, which is about the same at other sub places.  I was there late, at 2 pm so it was not busy and the service was quick today, but I have never had a problem with service before.So get off your high horses and give it another try!
2	Not bad but not great.  I just visited Geno's for the first time looking for an authentic Philly experience, and this (i'm sorry to say) is NOT it.  The atmosphere was not bad with plenty of seating and the game was on multiple TV's.  The service was ok, nothing to write home about.  The BIG disappointment was the portion size of the cheese-steaks.  For $8.99 you would think it would be loaded with meat and toppings (like the picture's show) like Philly's actually are for the same price, but you will be SADLY mistaken.  Do not waste your $$$ here if you can help it, I do not have the answer on a local authentic Philly yet, but this is not it...The search continues.
3	I come here to get the garlic or cheese fries. The are usually pretty good but on occasion I have been less then happy. The Greek and Caesar salads are also good. They are open to 4am and also deliver the prices aren't to bad but the parking sucks. It's not supposed to be fine dining so take it for what it is. Decently priced decent food.
3	Geno's deserves 3.5 stars... I discovered this place when I had to go over to ASU to use their library. It was late (after 10:00 pm) and they were open. Started with the large steak with onions, mushrooms and mayo, hold the American cheese (I figured I'd had enough cholesterol for that day). I added my own salt and pepper. It was great! I've been back several times for a number of different sandwiches.The cheesesteaks are excellent. If you want a REAL Philly cheesesteak, they have Cheez Whiz!! The cold cuts sandwiches are average. The quality of the cold cuts is excellent (they use Boar's Head meats). It's just that nothing about these sandwiches stands out. They also have chicken (if you don't eat beef). If you're a vegetarian (Indian word for "lousy hunter"), they have salads. I'm partial to the Greek Salad.Service was good. The drinks are Coca-Cola products and they always have a nosh at the register. The last time, they got me with brownies (@ $2 EACH!!). The time before that it was Drake's yodels (again, $2 EACH). I'm starting to see a pattern here... (LOL!!)The quality of the cheesesteaks should raise Geno's ranking to 3.5 stars. How about it, Yelp? Will you let me give them another 1/2 star?
5	We ordered delivery from here after 2am and they were quick, friendly, and cheap! The cheese steaks were tasty and they have a good delivery area, we live on the other side of Tempe. This will be my new go-to late night delivery place. Sorry Jimmy Johns, you've been replaced!
2	Wings were delicious at the moment but I ended up getting killer food poisoning and was horribly sick the day after.
2	For a deli in a college town I expected a whole lot more. I unexpectedly spent the weekend in the Phoenix area and hadn't really put much thought into dining options since I found out the Heart Attack Grill had closed. However around 11PM by the hotel poolside I saw a flyer for Geno's that had pictures and descriptions that were absolutely mouthwatering. I HAD to try it. I called in my order; two sandwich combos, classic cheesesteak for myself and a turkey on wheat with bacon for my mom) which included fries and a medium drink. When I got there the place was empty and as I soon found, calling in did little good since they completely screwed up the order, overcharged me and forgot to add the fries or drinks. I should've known something was up then and walked out. The fries were...crispy, though quite brown and nearly burnt in looks AND taste and the cheesesteak was dry, void of much cheese, they skimped on the meat and the veggies were complete flavorless. I tried a bite of my mom's sandwich and it was more of the same except her's was extremely soggy. The order came up to $19. A complete waste since neither one of us were full after the meal and due to how utterly disappointing the whole thing was. Bottom line: I've had better fare at Subway for half the price. Skip this place, head on over to Safeway and make your own sandwich.
4	The area is a mess of construction now and it's kinda tough to get into the parking lot, but Geno's is still good for basically being a college food place. I thought I had reviewed the cheesesteak I had months ago, but guess not. It was a pretty good version with cheese folded inside and a good, not great cut of meat. A few nights ago, we tried some other items, including a pretty basic half of a turkey hero on toasted sesame roll. They use boars head meat, so the sandwich is going to be good unless they use too much mayo, etc which wasn't the case. Fries were crisp and brown at $1.99 for a side order and her $6.99 burger was good quality meat, but she did not care for the bun because it was not your standard sesame, but that's just personal preference. The key here is to have coupons which are available all over Tempe in those coupon books - too bad I left mine at home because a burger meal would have been $5, but instead everything was ala carte. Still a worthy choice since its open 24 hours. Decent TV's too.
1	Went this afternoon with my husband baaad idea!  Both got the original cheesesteak my husband w/mozzarella sticks, I with chili fries.  His mozzarella sticks were still cold and my fries were hard.  Then we both have had stomach cramps and other issues the rest of the night.
1	Great food. Service sucks so bad its not worth ordering.. Just waited 2 hours for a delivery!!! Its always over an hour on delivery as well.. I hope your not to hungry
1	Horrendous customer service! The night manager used profanity when arguing with me about an order she COMPLETELY screwed up for a party of 4 and when asking for a refund she responded, "Have a great night" while hanging up on me! I'm sorry Geno's but you just lost a loyal client and I'll make sure others are aware of the kind of service you provide there!
1	Geno's has been on a steady decline since the day it opened. Employees on the phone were rude, and they messed up my order TWICE! On top of that, every time I had a delivery the sandwich was soggy and cold. Don't buy your cheesesteaks or food from here. It seems that quality and customer service is not a priority at this restaurant.
1	The worst reasturant experience I've ever had in Tempe. This was my first and will be my last time here. Let me get the food out of the way. It is a shame they use the word "philly" in front of cheese steaks here. I have had frozen cheesesteaks with more meat and taste. Also, i just got a mailed promo from them 2 days ago, which said $2 beers all day every day. They even have that price posted next to their register. When i ask for one the moody cashier says $2.75. When i bring up the sign right next to her she dismisses it and continues to ring me up.Which brings me to the appalling customer service... Just Wow. The larger guy  who initially took my order was decent enough, though I can't help but notice some guy passed out in a booth. The cashier has to wake him up... it is the cook. Not a great start.  As i wait for my food  two girls come in yelling,  im not phased until they walk behind the counter and find out they are employees.  The short black haired girl was arguing with one of the male workers for 10 minutes, i could barely hear the football game. I have been here for 3 quarters of a football game and not once have I  been acknowledged by the staff except when iwent up for a beer. The dark haired girl was also argumentative with a guest simply asking if the game could be turned on outside. She cut him off thinking he was asking about changing the sound, stating some rehearsed line. Took the poor guy one whole minute to get his question understood.I did not have high expectations for Geno's to start but this place is like a bad movie restaurant. Will never come back and give poor word of mouth unless.acknowledged by the manager. I look forward to writing a poor review in the news publication i represent .
1	I was so disappointment with this place! We were the only people in there (on a Saturday night, when they should be ready for crowds) and we waited waay too long for crappy sandwiches! They were way over priced and awful. The sandwich was all bun with very little meat. The cheese was not real cheese whiz and dripped off the sandwiches like water. What a shame, we were really looking forward to some great cheesesteaks
3	Went here for lunch after a day of work.Two of the soda choices were out of order (Diet soda and sweet tea). Sandwich was not really good. Didn't have that taste you expect from a local sandwich shop. Service was all right, but not really much to do for them.
2	Great place close to ASU and the light rail stop, make your sandwich a combo for about $3 more. I'd highly recommend the garlic fries they are a excellent compliment for the cheese steak, w wiz and onions. Menu has burgers, wings an salads. This place has no free pickles, peppers , just ketchup, hot sauce and mustard. Free soda refills.. I think i saw beer as well. A few kids were there just not sure its kid friendly. They have several different kinds of sandwchs to choose from and the place is loaded w TV's and even a patio w TV's. Give it a try if you like cheese steaks
4	Pricey but good. You won't regret it.If your looking for full flavor try a Hoogie. Also you will be full with a large sandwich and a drink.
4	Good cheesesteaks and they deliver late!  Fast service in-store but delivery can take awhile sometimes.  It's really no pricier than any other decent cheesesteak place in the Tempe area.  Their garlic fries are amazing.
3	This places food is so delicious I seriously love their cheesesteaks, what telly brings them down is there service. The people working there show no customer service skills what so ever, they would rather stand around and gossip than assit a paying customer. But the food...is a 5/5 in my book only reason I keep coming back.
3	It's a pretty good place. It's open late and is very close to campus. The food is good, but the people working there are usually pretty rude.
3	Geno's was nice enough to stay open till 5 am for Diamondbacks fans watching the opener from Australia. The provolone cheesesteak was tasty but a little short on meat.
1	What the hell is going on in Tempe with the food? This place just served me a horrible disgusting sandwich. The 1/2 provolone cheese steak was full of salty, nasty gyro meat and pretty much the discussion ends there. Took a few bites, felt the grease build up and then jumped ship and ate the 6 bucks. Of course I left my calling card with an upside side basket for somebody to clean up later.
1	This place is actually garbage. Their delivery is some of the slowest iv experienced and I only live down the street from them. Only redeeming quality are the mushroom caps and you can tell even those arent anywhere near fresh. The burgers iv gotten here were plain disgusting and reminded me of something an 8th grader would serve to his parents if he was trying to impress them, and the Hoogies arent much better. AVOID
1	Very slow delivery ordering online. I waited 1 hour n 30 minutes for cold wings and a sandwich. They don't care about food or customers so save your money. FTP!
5	You deff get what u pay for, actually there in line with other cheesesteak restaurants. The garlic fries well done is a must. And try the garlic chicken, it's great!!  Friendly service and clean. I've gotten deliveries and I can say it has gotten faster.
3	Not bad and not great but okay. It hits the spot but there are better options out there.
4	Late night spot. The different variety of fries are really worth trying. Everything else on the menu is good, not great. Avg pricing
2	Tried Geno's for the first time today. Might have had too high of expectations for this place but I was disappointed. I ordered the provolone cheese steak with mushrooms. It had NO flavor. The only way it tasted alright was because of the red sauce that was on the table. A bit overpriced too. I wouldnt pay 9 bucks for half a sandwich that is going to taste like nothing. (Had to buy fries separate because the sandwich didn't come with anything else...) wich is another thumbs down.My boyfriend ordered a chillie cheese dog, and he said it tasted like a Circle K hotdog. It was really sloppy too. That ALSO didn't come with fries or chips. Overall, just not worth the money
2	This place puts the M in Meh....I went and got the original cheesestake today.  I have to say the meat reminded me of a hot pocket or more so a lean pocket.  Not very pleasing.  Fries were ok.  They were hot, a tad overcooked maybe. Don't think I'd go back, especially for the price.  Fries are separate, boo! The place on Mill ave is a lot better.  If this is how the cheesestakes are in Philly, well there is no reason for me to visit.
1	My wife and I think eating is fun and a privilege. So when we eat out and have the worst so called traditional  Philly cheese steak sandwich ever. All I have to say is Wow ! That sucked.  plus we ate our sandwiches by the time our fries got to the table. So I will never eat at  Geno's again
