4	The subs are good, the bread is fresh, and they deliver late.  This is a great combination in my book!  The prices are good and they have a lot of different kinds of subs.  They do lack in side dishes.
5	Great subs for when you have just finished a long night of drinkin.  5 stars for them putting up with some of my more intoxicated friends.
5	Whether you got home from a late night or just want a great sandwich for lunch Silver Mine is the place to go.  They are not only open late, they also deliver till 3 a.m. and have a great staff.  The bread and the selection of sandwiches make this a great sandwich stop!!!
5	the veggie subs are great, the bread is really fresh. delivery only took about 25 minutes.They definitely need some more side options though. but  great prices, would order from again.
3	Bars stay open until 2am, this place delivers until 3am... Dealio!I really enjoy their broccoli cheese soup, 99-cent side-salad, and the "Georgetown" sub.Consistently good food, delivered really late - what a lifesaver. Give em' a try if they deliver in your area. They have surprisingly low prices too.
5	Love love LOVE this place!  A few years ago when I worked at Sky Harbor, they were one of a VERY few places that would actually deliver to airport businesses, so that was awesome.When not working and stumbling along Mill, you can't go wrong here.  The staff will laugh at your drunk ass, but put up with you reasonably well.  A few seats outside and a bunch more inside. Shitty parking if it's late on a weekend, but if you're picking up (what I had to do as I personally lived outside the delivery area) you might luck out and catch a spot as a delivery driver is leaving.I still have my punch card (only needs one more  til my free sub!) for the next time I'm in town...I only hope they still take them whenever the hell that  is!
4	I love Silver Mine!!!  I first ate this at work, since it is right down the street from my job and they deliver.  When I found out that they were open until 3 am, I began eating it more frequently, since I am a manager at Walgreens and if I close, we don't leave until after 11pm.  I love the Georgetown and the Dodge City sub!!!  The people that work there are really friendly and they always try to throw in extra stuff such as cookies or brownies, and even an extra sub one time.  If you are a sandwich person, you will definitely love Silver Mine Subs!!!
4	Got a sub delivery. It's hard to find places around downtown Tempe that deliver when the tab is under $10. This alone made me happy.After the food promptly came, the sub significantly exceeded my expectations :-).
4	Was out on a date yesterday, and we had worked up an appitite.  We were on the light rail, and decided to stop off on Mill to find food.  Walked down mill for a second, and found silvermine subs.  SCORE!I had never been here before but I liked it.  Its not the fanciest place.  Simple location, good food, decent prices.  They seemed to have a good selection of hot and cold subs, with different side items and combo meals.  I got the King Bullion, and it was tasty!  I went with the small sub (5 inches) a large pop and some chips.  Food was up in no time flat.  Seems to be a college kid hang out, especially considering the location. Would return in a heartbeat.  Tasty, reasonably priced, and right off the light rail on Mill.
4	Lets just say that I go here for lunch at least twice a week. As does the rest of my office. It is that good. Not just because its a hop skip and a jump from my building, but every sub I have ever had here, minus the Philly cheese steak which we will discuss later, has been tasty and fresh and simply delightful.I've tried The Dodge City - Pepperoni, Salami, Provolone, etc, .. The Caribou- Turkey Breast, Double Provolone, Avocado, LTM etc... & The Comstock - Roast Beef, Provolone etc.. I love everything about all of these EXCEPT for the fact that they do not *actually* use avocado slices, its more like, avocado paste. Not guacamole. Paste. Still tasty if you can get past the texture, but I would prefer the real deal. Now like I said, Ive also had the Philly Cheese Steak. Ive got to be honest. It tasted like vomit and old cow. There wasn't enough cheese and the peppers on it were overwhelming. Silvermine either needs to a.) alter this recipe immediately or b.) completely nix it from the menu. It was g.r.o.s.s.Let me give you a little money saving hint while I'm at it.. It is cheaper to order a sammich that has all the toppings you want then removing something rather than adding an extra topping to a sammich. if that makes sense.. At almost $2ea for some of them, ie: pasty avocado, you will certainly save a little.. especially if you eat here at the rate that me and my fellow Terraleverians do.
5	Good and genuine customer service, that's all I'm asking for. I don't always need chic furniture, concept food and hipsters sneering at me as they take my order, to write a yelp review. At Silver Mine Subs, I got that service and the food was good to. I ordered the Caribou. Turkey, double prov, lettuce, sprouts, tomatoes, and mayo, and you better believe I added bacon. I got down on it, trust me. The guy at the reg punched two wholes in my card so it looks like I'm a repeat offender. And they thanked me on the way out, seriously, it's that easy folks, that's what makes me spend my money somewhere and maybe write a good review or two. It didn't hurt either, when my spaced out ass walked out without my bag from Urban down the street, and an adorable girl had to chase me down just to give it back. In that bag was a new pair of work pants, I can only hope I'm wearing them if any them ever walks into the restaurant I rep (do your research), so I can show them the same kind of service.
4	if you're into bread that is chewy silvermine is the best. smoke out the driver and they will bring you brownies...but don't say you will and then forget to b/ you are too drunk. and try not to barter with bjs, b/ then they will not even come and pretend to not remember you when you call the next morning demanding your subs and brownies sans d-s'ing free of charge. lots of lesbians work here too..I'm assuming only the ones that are into chewy bread though..
4	I go to the location on Indian School and Granite Reef Rd. and I love it! It doesn't matter if you go at 1:00 in the afternoon or 1:00 in the morning it is always fresh. I love that they are open till 3am! I like the Caribou myself   but  have also tried the Comstock and Dodge City and they are also very good.  I think the best part is the bread because it is soft and chewy. Check it out if you haven't already!
4	Need drunk food on mill? Look no further than silvermine. They stay open late to feed that post boozing hunger and they have good subs to boot. I got a sub with roast beef turkey and cheese and it was just what I needed. My buddy got some of the broccoli cheese soup which was surprisingly good and I am not even a fan of broccoli cheese soup normally. Only real knock on this place is that it tends to be a bit pricy when compared to other similar sandwich places
3	It's like Subway but, more expensive. Their bread is better than Subway's though.
3	We ordered delivery. It came pretty fast which was nice.My sub seriously was really disappointing. The description on the menu made it sound delicious. A veggie sub with avocado and lettuce. Mmmmm~Well it was smothered in mayo. I asked for light mayo. Okay I can get past that. Basically what I got was mayo bread with cheese and a buttload of iceberg lettuce. The avocado I had been wanting so badly was in a paste form. I seriously felt like I was eating babyfood. I told my friend, "THIS ISNT A VEGGIE SUB. ITS A LAZY SUB!"But my brother and dad said their subs rocked and the delivery was quick and prices were okay. The bread was really good too. I just uh...yeah won't be getting that veggie disaster again.
1	I USED to like this place but I went this weekend and was so disappointed. My "hot" sub was cold and the meat was watery. My soup was also cold and I literally only walked a block home. The worst part was the service. The girl that took my order was so rude! She never smiled and she acted so inconvenienced by me when I was THE ONLY CUSTOMER there. They handed me my sub, soup, and bread and had me bag it myself. They've lost my business forever - from now on I will make the walk to Jimmy Johns or SAKS (always worth it!)
4	The owner contacted me about my review and offered me a free sub card to make up for the veggie sub that I wasn't satisfied with. This was so incredibly professional of him. I will definitely give them another shot for that reason alone. It takes a very caring and professional owner to do something like that.
5	If your out on Mill partying, you should definitely eat here once your done. You don't need another slice of pizza. You will thank yourself the next day.
4	I ordered from here because I was craving a good sandwich and needed some place that delivered. I used the online website and was pleasantly surprised with how easy it was to maneuver and figure out. They called to make sure they got the address right BEFORE leaving to deliver it which was refreshing. I ordered an 8' Dodge City and a side salad. The side salad came with fresh, yummy bread. The sandwich was the perfect size and tasted delicious. The portions were perfect for how hungry I was. This place is also great late night if you have spent the evening having several alcoholic beverages. They are open and deliver until 3 a.m. Check it out.
4	the place to go after 2 am when u get off work and waiting for ur ride. good food. never have to wait terribly long. and its always warm! i love that!
4	They have very quick delivery service in Tempe. Whenever I order they knock on my door 15 minutes later. I love love love their Dodge City.
2	Philly cheesesteak not good. Cheap dried up luke warm meet. Not served as described on their menu. My husband got a turkey sandwich, which was ok but nothing to write home about. This place may be good if you're drunk and hungry at 2AM, but if you're just looking for a good quick bite for lunch SKIP THIS PLACE.
3	Everything about this place is A-OK.  I like the western theme and usually can find a 20% off coupon.
5	I just recently moved to Tempe about a month or so ago and was immediately on the search for a new sandwich place (considering my favorite from my old city was only located there). I had heard a lot about places like Jimmy Johns, and have both a Subway and Cheba Hut right next to my place, and I tried just about everything before I got to Silver Mine---I wish I would have tried them first!Their subs are REALLY good. My two favorites are Dodge City and Cripple Creek. They are really easy to order from, as you can go into the store, call them, or even order online for pickup or delivery. I usually have them deliver and they're always super quick---usually 15-20 minutes tops when they give you the estimate time of 30 minutes. Not only that, but they deliver until 3 AM which is perfect for Tempe considering it's a generally young crowd who are up late and partying and get those late night munchies. They are a little pricier than some other places but they always have coupons and deals for you while most other places don't offer this. Even with slightly higher prices, I think they're totally worth it. I'm a 100% Silver Mine fan now. Keep up the good work!
5	Love this place! Especially because they are open until 3am.
1	Our first visit was a five:We came across this place by accident but we were pleasantly surprised by how good it was. My husband had the silver city sub which is an Italian style sub, which he said was one of the best he has ever had. I had there home stake which was really good as well.Our last visit would be !/2 a star:Service was very slow and the sandwiches were not very good at all we should have gone to Jimmy Johns down the street. We wont be going back!
5	My boyfriend had this delivered to his place in Tempe one night when we returned from Casey Moore's and he ordered me some sort of turkey samich with avacado and bacon. I must say, that was one of the most delicious subs ever... not just because of the circumstances but because it truly was amazing! The delivery guy was there quick and friendly. I will be visiting soon!
1	I've never liked going here, pretty terrible food and service. I actually know some of the people who used to work here, and they aren't exactly in a clear mind when they clock in. Once there were gnats flying around my food, pretty off-putting. I wouldn't go here again unless i had to. If you do like the food and get past all the bad things, try the mother load. Least terrible thing on the menu- they pretty much just throw everything they can into that sandwich.
4	We had a great experience with Silver Mine Subs tonight. While at work, our employees were hungry and they wanted to go with someone who delivers. Silver Mine Subs delivers until 3am!!! Perfect!!  We placed our order on-line and it was seamless! We made a few changes to the items we ordered and it was delivered to spec! Plus they were QUICK!!  They will definitely get our business again!  The Cripple Creek was awesome (but I wished it was a little more hotter for a hot sub) and the Wheat bread for the Buffalo Stampede was delicious :-) I ordered a cup of Cream of Broccoli soup as well and it arrived nice and hot.  I would have given them 5 Stars, but because the Cripple Creek was a little on the warm side instead of hot, I gave them a 4.
3	Yes I would tell as many people as I can about this place.. they are good even though I was gipped out of some avocado. But they did redo my order. So yes would come back and let as many know about this place. Thank to the store for the redo. :-)
3	The Silver Mine Subs' Tucson location got me through college at U of A, especially thanks to their late hours and delivery! Since those days, I've had this Silver Mine Subs in Tempe a couple times and to sum it up: they provide a decent sandwich that hits the spot but doesn't make me want to necessarily write home about it. It's just a decent sub that's especially good if you're in a huge hurry, you're kind of broke or you're hungry after the bars and need some food to eat on the cab ride home. I like that this location has a killer honey mustard they serve with their sandwiches. The bread is sofy and chewy and they offer a wide variety of toppings.
4	Oh....my 2am delivery staple.Their "til 3am delivery" feature is one of the beauties of Silver Mine. Their sandwiches are always fresh and these people are fast. The Dodge City w/ a side of chili is my go to. So, so good.
5	I love eating lunch here. I used to work at a sandwich shop and thought that they were all the same but this one is the best ever.
4	Fast service. They load up the subs pretty well here.
2	Okay so based on the food... Nope. The service was awesome.. I walked in around 1 or so and the workers jumped up. Im pretty simple and asked what their best sandwich was. It was a Georgetown they said. Alright good enough for me. Then I got the sandwich and started looking at it... well it was so skimpy on the meat I was confused as hell.. It looked like 1-2 oz of meat.. Literally one piece of turkey and 2 pieces of bacon.. I understand it was a small.. But still for 6 bucks i think it should fill me up. It was more bread than meat.. I worked at a few sandwich places before and all load em up better than here.. I recommend Firehouse Subs. May pay a $1 more or so, but when you get 4x the meat its so much more worth it.
4	Stopped in for a quick afternoon bite and was pleased. Some good sub options, although nothing overly creative. However, fast, fresh, and vastly preferable to Subway. Free wi-fi made it a great place to sit for a bit, do a little email, and grab a sandwich.
2	All I can say about this place is that this place is fast but I think that is because they don't put meat on their sandwiches. Maybe this was just a product of coming in there at 10PM?If you're looking for meat, go to Firehouse Subs. If you're looking for a lettuce on a bun, come here!
3	There are so many sub shops in downtown Tempe it's hard to decide.  I'd say Silver Mine is marginally better then most and the prices are good.  I think the best thing they have going for them is that they deliver in a college town.  I work in the area, but have never taken advantage of the delivery service, so can't rate them on that.  I do know that when my husband and I were vendors in the Tempe Festival of the Arts Show and our booth was near Silver Mine, it was a God send.  At that time we had the sandwich that has all the Italian meats on it and I'll have to say that's the best they have.  When I go I tend to order something healthier like turkey, but none of those are as good.
3	I work in the area so I frequent this place.  They are a no frills sub shop...but good.  I have tried several of their subs and they are pretty tasty.  There are so many sub shops in the area, but I will walk the distance for their subs.  Great selection on the sub menu, it is always fresh.
5	Siver Mine is up there on my favorite subs list in the valley. I tried Jimmy John's and I regretted not going to Silver Mine. I have tried almost every hot sub they have and my favorites include: Cripple creek (if I'm in the mood for ranch), Frontier (if I want BBQ), Steam engine (meatball mood) or the Buffalo Stampede (buffulo sauce). I have a hard time choosing between these 4 every time and I have to go through every scenario to decide. It's awesome that they deliver so late! I would say my experiences are 50/50, half delivery and half at the Mill location, both awesome!
5	I would order silvermine over Jimmy Johns ANY DAY! They have the best meatball sub....compared to Jimmy' Johns it is GOLDEN (never mind the fact that JJ's doesn't have hot subs...) They are always fast to deliver and the food is always great. My go to sandwich shop  **MUCH LOVE TO SM!*
4	Food is good and delivery is fast!!
1	Taste was meh. Couldn't finish it it was that bad....Jimmy Johns and Subway win over this place. I regret giving a tip. Couldn't even finish the food. Biggest waste of $12....Good cookies though.
5	I order from Silver Mine Subs Arizona on a weekly basis and besides having great food, the staff is awesome, they're always really quick with their deliveries and if there are ever any issues they make an honest effort to resolve the issue. That is why I order from them almost every week. Thanks guys!
4	I enjoy silver mine from time to timeWhen I used to live on campus at ASU main Silver Mine would be one of the only late night delivery placesTheir subs are good, from the meat to the cheese, to the bread...Their prices are pretty reasonable as well and their staff is always friendlyTonight I had the kids sandwich combo because I wasn't very hungry and I enjoyed it... I think it's a good portion for kids... It also comes with a bag of goldfish and a fruit roll up stick :)Also the deliver until 3AM
3	The subs are definitely better than Subway, Jimmy John's, or Jersey Mike's.  Better bread, better toppings, and much more meat (I'm actually pretty surprised that some reviewers have said the opposite about meat portions). They sometimes like to smother sandwiches with mayo, which is fine by me, but might be off-putting to some. The tables can get a bit dirty at times, especially around lunchtime, but I rarely sit down to eat inside. Delivery is also a little slower than others, but they deliver much farther than Jimmy John's will, so it's an obvious tradeoff. Overall, you know what you're getting when you buy a cheap sub, and Silver Mine Subs has yet to disappoint.
2	Typical sub shop, except for lazy employee who made my sandwich, who was sitting her big tushie on the counter as I walked inside. Then, you had the dancing dude at the register taking cash and the low quality "college drinking" food that was served. There was a dog that wandered away from its owner at Tempe Town Lake and it was hanging out at my bench and I unloaded most of my Chicken (Frontier) sandwich on the mutt, who seemed to enjoy the pre-cooked chicken strips. Just know that your sandwich will take 15 seconds to make and if you are expecting them to put your chicken on a grill before they serve it up think again. It's all pre-cooked and sitting in bins for who the hell how knows long. This is not a businessman lunch place, it's a late night "we don't care what we are shoving into our face place"
5	I've never personally gone in to the shop. So I can't speak of how clean it is or isn't. It's a college town. It's Mill. This place delivers late and it's surely better than fillibertos. Delivery can take some time depending on the night. Reasonable prices I'd say standard considering you get more meat. Great tasting subs for a great price on a night you don't want to drive!
4	The manger was rude and hung up over the phone while I was telling him that my French dip had no sauce, not just that I ordered two large sandwiches and they sent over Two small sandwiches but still charged me for large. An employee answered the phone and apologized for his manger'a behavior as I can hear the manger yelling in the background. The employee helped me and was so nice. I don't understand how he is a worker and not a manger by the way he handled the situation and made up for his mangers misbehavior.
