3	For sure the best Fremont Street has to offer.   The building and rooms have all been remodeled and updated.   The casino is pretty clean and doesn't smell of smoke as badly as the other.   Drink service is prompt and friendly.   Of course, it's still on Fremont Street.   Unless it's neighbors start to take up the slack a little, the Golden Nugget will sink with the rest of them.
3	Somebody else wrote up the first review of this hotel while I was staying here (I feel robbed!) but I still have plenty to say about the Golden Nugget. The pool is........ well, I don't know because it is being remodeled! The spa is......... I don't know because it is being remodeled. The lounge is............. Again, I have no idea because EVERYTHING COOL ABOUT THIS HOTEL IS BEING REMODELED!!! The story is, if you want to know about the Golden Nugget you must come back in June.  And whatever you do-- don't cross the street and venture into The Plaza. Contrary to the rumors, it's not like the "Plaza" in New York (at all!) and is a soul sucking experience.But there is a saving grace here, and that would be the wonderful real estate conference being held here by my friend's family. I highly recommend it although I will not name who they are for the sake of their privacy (they are like the kennedys). The other good thing about "the nugg" was the 13.99 champagne buffet brunch. The food itself was god awful, but it was gratis, and the mimosas were just lovely! And who doesn't love a vegas buffet? Also the in-room movie selection was fantastic - I think we saw 3 separate movies starring Donald Faison, some of which never even made it to the movie theater! Ha ha. I'm sorry this review makes no sense, but as you can see, neither did my vacation...TRY THE WORLD FAMOUS BREAD PUDDING!Update:*****************I just looked at their website and it turns out the pool they are adding is like the coolest pool known to man. I'm talking about trained dolphins, waterfalls, moats and and tiki hut cabanas spun from gold!!! I am laughing and crying right now just looking at this sketch of the pool that did not exist when I visited....
5	getting dirty in old town vegas...smoky but old school vegas - lots of fun - the one and only golden nugget!!
5	I spent a weekend at the Nugget in downtown Vegas and had a blast.  They were in the process of remodeling the lobby so we were in kind of a make shift one that was rather small but the staff was there ready to help.  The rooms are clean and don't smell smokey at all which is such a welcome retreat from the casino.  I really loved downtown/freemont st. just as much as the strip.  It's a little lower key but the gambling is fabulous.  If you need a good place downtown I'd say it's got to be the Nugget all the way!!!
4	Wanted to do an inexpensive trip to Las Vegas, so decided on the Golden Nugget, got a great on Southwest for airfare, under $100 RT and got the GN for $50 a night online.   A 4 star hotel.   Didn't rent a car, took a cab to downtown and decided to stay downtown and explore it on this trip.  The sleeping rooms were really nice, with gold and black tones.  Didn't have the smell of smoke.  The Carson street cafe was yummy and reasonable and open 24hours.  You can order anything there.http://www.yelp.com/biz/g6w4kX7tvCqGKAxr07aBQA?hrid=cSMO7J1opBbVfrbklwX5vgWalked to downtown and the Fremont Street experience http://www.yelp.com/biz/fxK1HW5WAp2ESTgR-Yv83A trying out the .99 shrimp cocktail, ABC Store, http://www.yelp.com/biz/51nitqzzQ_YrSZP8-P0PfQ?hrid=SkZGc6i6DKA6MKttyHE8pw asian buffett at the California Hotel http://www.yelp.com/biz/ayOJSIl-P16HZAQBcQfUyQ and went to the movies.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/pWjbewcN9cd7mul7nSPonw So with the money saved, went to the GN spa. Which was nice, small but not memorable.
5	Some will say "why did you give this place 5 stars: it's downtown and not super nice".Well 1) it is the ONLY place to stay downtown. This is a classy nice hotel - which is the only thing that fits that description downtown (try the four queens and redefine ghetto). They are sinking billions into it since it's under a new owning company, and the restaurants are unbelievable along with the buffet. 2)not classy? see above, and stop being uptight. while I would prefer to stay on the strip if i went to vegas, if i had to stay downtown this would be the only place that crossed my mind.
4	The ONLY place to stay in downtown Vegas.  Period! Just went under an almost complete remodel.  Rooms are fresh and spacey.  New pool is really neat (reminded me of the Maui resorts).  Fabulous. Casino is laid out well, and easy to navigate in.  Buffet is worth it, and other restaurants are of higher quality You can walk to the Fremont experience and see all of what you want to see in downtown Vegas from the Nugget.  Search their website and other internet sites for great deals. This is definitely a 4 star hotel, and some great bargains for stay can be found at certain times in the year. Sure, its a long way from the Strip, but it seems to be more friendlier and cozy.  Try it, you'll like it !
3	Time for an update to this old review.My job sometimes requires me to travel to Vegas, and the Nugget is the closest hotel to our facility, so that's where I usually stay.  Our CFO likes the prices, too.First of all, I must say that "The Tank" (aka the shark pool and slide) are pretty cool, and despite the problems they had during the first week, there's no signs of water leaking out anymore.The water slide is pretty darn awesome.  I was amazed at how fast you get going, with acceleration happening both forward and laterally.One of my old complaints, that the lobby and everywhere was smoky, seems to have been addressed.  They either upgraded the ventilation system, or then the recent laws on smoking in public places have had some effect.  Either way, it's not as stinky or smelly as it used to be, but it's clearly not the Wynn either.The Starbucks are (they have two now) overpriced - I've never paid $2.50 for a tall coffee in Manhattan, so what's their excuse?  The buffet was decent, but nothing to write home about.  Their other eateries are pretty average as well.If you're coming to Vegas and want to stay in downtown Las Vegas for a night or two, or want a 4 star (though I would argue it's more like 3) hotel for under $100/night, give the Nugget a try.  It's clearly the best hotel in the downtown area, but far below the best that the Strip has to offer.
4	This is my first time staying off the strip and I don't feel like I missed anything.  As long as you have a car I think you are A-ok.  The room was clean.  We had a fabulous view of the greyhound bus station and Plaza hotel with their 6.99 prime rib dinner special.  But like Brigid C. mentioned as well as other reviewers mentioned the Golden Nugget is still under construction.  Probably explains the ultra cheap price.  It didn't bother us too much since we hardly spent anytime in our hotel.  I am really upset that I did not get to enjoy the crazy water slide aquarium that they are so tediously working on.  When it will be completed you will be able to go down a tube slide through an aquarium with sharks.  How crazy is that?!
3	The Nugget is the nicest hotel downtown. And they're renovating it. Last time I was here, there was still some construction going on. Not sure if they're done. The casino is better than other DT casinos. For some reason I don't really like being here at night. I guess I feel really cramped for some reason. But during the day, I always find empty tables to throw my money on. I've had a few decent runs here on the tables, haven't made a penny on any slot though.
5	went to their lunch buffet because it was in the top then of a magazine, at first wasn't very impressed with their variaty, there wasn't a lot to choose from but decided for the meatloaf, which was realllllly nice and juicy and for desset went for the bread pudding that was said their number one, and can't dissagree, it was the best, really looking forward  going back.
3	Why are the room rates so cheap? As of March 1, 2007 the pool is not open yet, there is a small detour due to construction to get to self parking, and they shut the water off from 1-5 am for two nights while I was there.  You get what you pay for.  I went through Priceline, and I think that's why when I checked in, did not get my choice of non-smoking room the first night.   Although I requested a room change the second night, they did not hold it by the time I returned in the evening.  that SUCKED.  Once I got the room change, everything was fine.  They are nice rooms and it is a very decent hotel.... when it is.The water slide/tube through the shark aquarium looks really wild.  When it's finished, I hope to hear that nobody gets stuck inside.I thought their buffet was good quality for the price ($16), but their craps dealers weren't as fun as they could have been.
5	I've always related better to older people.  When I was 8, I would abandon the boring, daft kids table to talk politics and play texas hold 'em with the adults.  When i was 12, I drafted a series of novels that were based on the life of coked out, wall street bonds trader and when I was in my teens, i dated a 30 year old.  I guess the last one is less charming than it is creepy but my point is, I'm great with the oldies but goodies.  I love talking to them, being surrounded by them and generally soaking in their lived-ed-ness. And this, my friends, is why I love me the Golden Nugget.  Not located on the glossy main strip, the GN is part of old vegas.  It's not shiny and new like the Bitchllagio or the Trampicanna (I know the Tropicana isn't new it just worked so well with word, Tramp!) and the likes but it has ten times the charm.  Okay, 5 times the charm...it's still Vegas after all and the words "charm" and "vegas" go together like "kevin spacey" and "straight".  The GN is where you can see Tony Bennett perform (yes, he's still alive.  and even he's surprised.  THAT SHOULD BE HIS NEW ALBUM TITLE!) and for all of you Swingers' fans, first of all, may god have mercy on your soul and second of all, this is the area where the movie was shot.  Downtown.  Not on the strip.  So every time you call something "money" (again, may god have mercy on your soul), you need to pour one for your homies over here on Fremont st.  Also, if you walk around this area late at night and you are a single lady, you might get raped and/or shot.  The Fremont Street Experience keeps it real.  THAT'S vegas, baby.  I've been to the Golden Nugget quite a few times in my day and well, I don't mean to brag but, all of the delightful older gentlemen craps' dealers know me by name.  Or um, they know me by, "Dog Girl" because I am very unattractive and/or love to talk about dogs!   That's right.  I know Erich, Little John, Big John, Slow Hand John and Ed.  Plus, pit bosses Larry and Gail (she's my girl!  Holla!).  Man, I love the craps so much that if I were going to have a first born, I would name him or her, "BIG MONEY, NO WHAMMY!" or "High Low Yo!"  or "Swing batter batter, SWING!"  I like to mix my metaphors to play head games with my competitors.  And by competitors, I mean the other young tramps who set up camp at the craps' tables.  These are my older men, ladies.  The nickel sluts I mean slots are THAT WAY.  Bu-bye.Please see my review of Binions to better understand my love of the game and also some super handy craps' playing tips.  Don't say I never gave you anything.  Signed, Laura "Useful" B.:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/Zzl4ffV9kFY3yOSSgyRUBQ?fsid=lK8DbTa3qaTHbq7_npkKQg
4	After a complete renovation, this place actually is pretty decent (for downtown LV) and although is still on the gaudy side, is relatively new and clean. They even have a high end steak restaurant serving up entrees around the high $20 range.We had eaten here years ago at the coffee shop, but since the facelift, hubby wanted me to see it to prove to me that it wasn't as disgusting as I'd remembered it to be.Well, it wasn't. Plus, they have a brand new pool with a 'shark tank' in the middle of it. So basically you're swimming amongst sharks (or so it seems).Lil guy was impressed. He wanted to go swim in the pool but it was slightly chilly and plus we weren't staying there. They even have card tables set up by the pool with chairs so you can get a couple of games in while you have your swim.Not shabby if I might say so myself. However, the decor still probably appeals to an older crowd with its bright lights and very very complex designed carpets, which combined, gives me a headache after a while.
5	This is a review of the buffet. I loved it. Great quality, great price, and nice a atmosphere. The desserts were superb. Not the huge selection of some other larger buffets, but plenty of delicious food for a satisfying meal. I actually liked that it's smaller. It didn't feel like I was part of a herd going on a feeding frenzy, like at the Strip buffets.
2	I'm not sure who has stayed here before, but this is old school vegas.  The bell and valet staff were very nice however, front desk staff could care less if your are staying there or not.The rooms are just a step above a motel 6 and its a toss up between the bed and the floor.  Now I'm not a snob, I like old folks as much as anyone, hell I'm 37 but there seems to be an abundance of them at the GN.  If you into hanging out with some young hip faces... you need to go down the block.  Finally, if your using a credit card from your bank, be prepared to prove its not a debit card... and if it is... then look out you can get anything here.  My CC is from my bank and looks just like a check card.  Even says Credit Card on it... but I had to whip out the AMEX just to get my room paid for and put things on the room bill.  I've stayed at 5 star joints and never had so much trouble. Oh and FYI the wireless aint very good either...  get the cheetanet!
4	This is a great place to stay if you're trying to avoid the "strip" experience in las vegas.  Located in the scenic downtown area, this is one hotel that should be at least tolerable to those with tastes that more accustomed to five star then um... the hotels in downtown las vegas.  The Nugget (pronounced "New- shay") was recently renovated, and is within walking distance to the beauty bar las vegas, a short cab ride from the art bar and right on top of the "fremont street experience" (the fremont street experience involves looking at a light show on the covering of the street... it's hard to explain.)Anyway- I recommend this place for those looking for the "alternative" vegas.
4	First of all, Downtown Las Vegas is NOT dead. It is under "cultural reconstruction." Golden Nugget is a Las Vegas gem. I know my papa hung down here in his day and I feel a bit nostalgic hanging in the same spots. The fixtures I am sure have changed a bit, but they still feel a bit old school, and the rooms have that old Vegas feel as well. The suites are awesome. Actually, I have never seen the regular rooms, so maybe the entire hotel is suites. I like the poker crowd here as well...they all seem to be better players than on the strip. I've seen a few pros at the big table, and a few big shot athletes too! Unfortunately, they were playing at the big boys table and I was at the kiddie's. The location is great for downtown bars, and I suggest getting a room on First Friday's. You can party all night then crash at a hotel room as opposed to crashing on the freeway at four am. Just a safety suggestion. The Golden Nugget is a classic visit downtown and worth checking out if you are in the area.
3	If it's Old Vegas you're looking for, this is a pretty good home base. It's right in the heart of Fremont Street but was recently redone - kind of like buying an old house in a decaying vintage neighborhood and having it gut rehabbed. Like everything in Vegas, the good comes with the bad. On the plus side is the pool which they call The Tank. Cascading water, three levels of deck chairs, and a massive aquarium with a shark tank smack in the middle. Plus a killer water slide that goes right through the shark tank at the end. Don't talk to me about the Golden Nugget until you've tried the slide.On the minus side, the faucets released what smelled like the scent of hell every time we turned them on. Also, our trash was not emptied when we first checked into our room and there was a pair of white Vans with some sort of blood stain on them sitting under a chair.For some, that would be a deal-breaker. For me, it just added to the mystery of Old Vegas.
4	This is the first time I stay in Oldtown, and I thought the G.Nug was gonna be a crappy/boring resort. THE OPPOSITE! Great room prices first of all, and second, the POOL!There are waterfalls, a shark tank in the middle and a slide that goes THROUGH the shark tank!!I was surprised, the hotel could keep up with the resorts on the strip it's so new and remodeled, the rooms are great, clean and safe too!Plus it's always fun to be so close to Fremont St. to just go out walking around and drinking!Now this place would be an easy 5 star if it weren't for the kinda older/boring crowds.But hey, you're in Vegas, there's plenty of fun around.
3	Old school vegas casino in the "under renovation" downtown strip.  Probably the nicest hotel in the area.  Substantial size clean room.  Bargain rates.  Especially terrific if you enjoy hanging with the older crowd.  If you end up in the south tower, then you can look forward a long walk to the elevator and the lobby.
4	When considering Vegas hotels, think of the Golden Nugget not as your mistress but as your wife - she's not going to wear 6-inch heels and brandish a riding crop, but she'll cook a hot breakfast and make sure you have lunch money in your pocket every morning. On second thought, erase that thought entirely as it's rather creepy, and just read the rest of this review.Even through the various ownership changes over the past years, the Nugget still remains one of the best hotel deals in Vegas hands down. I never understood why people stay at complete dumps like the Flamingo and Circus Circus instead of staying at a really nice, clean hotel for less. I have never seen a filthy bathroom at the Nugget (even in the public areas) and from some of the sights I've seen in Vegas, that means a lot. The restaurants inside serve good meals at reasonable prices, and the spa is quite nice to boot. The amenities are not particularly extravagant a la Four Seasons, but clean, pleasant, and reasonably priced. Now the down side (and isn't there always one?) - the Nugget is a beautiful oasis located in the armpit of Downtown. Now, now, I'm not hating on Downtown - it's actually a nice change from the blingy Strip. But once you get over the cutoff jean shorts/cowboy boots/mega-mullet people watching, you might feel a bit trapped.The Nugget has undergone renovations in the past year, adding the infamous shark pool and facelifting some of the restaurants. The pool renovation was amazing - the area is still a little cramped, but much nicer than the pool area at the Paris casino. The casino has added a nice cocktail lounge as well although the decor borders on the douchy Maxim side.When I got married in Vegas a few years ago, I booked a block for my guests at the Nugget. I wouldn't say the sales staff is particularly attentive, but now that they've added a chapel perhaps they are more receptive to weddings.If you're Vegas-bound and looking for a pleasant off-Strip experience, I highly recommend the Nugget - however you may want to rent a car for the times you want to escape the Downtown insanity.
5	One of the last great OG Vegas hotels! The Golden Nugget is definately a diamond in the rough. Though I have yet to stay here this place has true old school charm. I love their casino!!! They have an awesome poker room, pure class! The slots are always tons of fun too! They have a Monopoly game there that is freakin' addicting....aside from the fact that it pays out too!!! They only have four of those machines in the casino (and as far as I know, the only ones in Vegas!) and they aren't the annoying electronic newer ones it's the "reel" deal with the actual reels spinning in your face!!!!  Old timers usually frequent this place but who cares!!! I come to Vegas for one reason, to gamble!!! So I could give a rat's ass how old Betty Sue is playing the machine next to mine. Definitely a must when you go to Downtown.UPDATE: I finally stayed at this hotel! It was actually nice & clean. I liked the beds....pillowtop....aaaahhhh! The action was live too! It gets packed on the weekends from about 9am til the wee hours! FYI- I was in the casino losing my booty off until I sat down to play a Wild Cherry old sit down table top slot (no I didn't win!) and a few seats down from me was two ladies that hit the other Wild Cherry jackpot.....they were yelling and hi-fiving each other, then I asked "that's awesome! how much did you win?" she said a few thousand (lucky!!!) and then put out her hand for me to shake. I told her to throw some of that luck my way and shook her hand. She told me that she appreciated me shaking her hand & that I was good people  and then gave me $30. Wow free money just for shaking her hand?! I refused but she insisted!!!! Only in Vegas!!!! I love LV!!!!!
4	Sharks in the swimming pool! That was all the info I need to book a couple of nights there while we were into for my husband's show.It's pretty. As Raquel C. below me mentioned, it has a killer Monopoly game. It's clean. It's less hectic and overwhelming than the Strip.Cons.... It smelled. Seriously. Not in the casino, but in our bathroom up in the hotel. It smelled when we came in. It smelled when we left. And the cleaning staff--I don't mean to generalize, let me specify: the employee who cleaned our room--did a crappy job. It had an old drink with straw on the vanity when we walked in. And like the smell in the bathroom, it was there when we left: It wasn't taken away when our room was cleaned. I asked for extra blankets. Didn't happen. Nothing was straighted up. The beds looked like they were made by a five year old. And on top of that, we left her a great tip, hoping our empty wine bottles and slight request would be taken care of.Didn't happen...
3	The food is sad and neglected.  But the staff are very friendly and the decor is visually stimulating.  Everything was clean and well attended.  We dropped by for lunch ($12.99), willing to sacrifice a little quality in exchange for a true Vegas buffet experience and a shot at intestinal fireworks.  I sampled the egg rolls, sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, fried catfish, hushpuppies, a tamale, and some Spanish rice and beans.  Oh, and a turkey sandwich.  My tastebuds frowned a bit, but I didn't hurl and we left full and with smiles on our faces.
4	I didn't stay here--just dropped by to gamble a bit.  This was my first venture away from The Strip.  Gotta say I was impressed enough to consider staying here on a future trip.  The casino is authentic Vegas--a bit cramped, smokey, and chock full o' slots.  You can get $10 in free slot play by signing up for the 24 Karat Club.  The table minimums appeared reasonable--$5 on most tables I saw (this was a holiday Monday at midday).  The pool looks like a good time, with a slide that takes you through a shark tank.  And, of course, the 67-lb. gold nugget is on display for you gawking pleasure.Drop by the Nugget and give it a try!
3	Could be cleaner.  Found long hairs on the shower walls in the tub section.  Bathroom was spacious, but the fan doesn't work well, so got very steamy when showering.  Towels are thin and flimsy.  Beds were thin and flat, not cushy.  Room was very spacious though.  It's probably one of the better hotels in the old Las Vegas area on Fremont Street.
5	The whole strip vs. fremont street argument isn't really one worth having after you think about it for a while: yes, the Strip has the forum & the wynn & thomas keller & mario batali & all the expensive clubs, but have you BEEN to Bill's Gambling Saloon? Imperial Palace? Excalibur?  Have you had a yard long margarita while browsing Nanette Lepore's boutique? Let's not forget where we are, people. That being said.. the Nugget is probably the only place I would ever stay downtown. And I'm not just saying that because my friend allows me to crash here with her for free (okay, maybe).  Rooms are totally clean and decent (not as dingy looking as excalibur), they have wi-fi in the rooms,  wonderful frozen drinks by the pool (try the pina colada!), plenty of nickel slots and you can get decent fried rice and steamed vegetables delivered to your room.  I also enjoy the Belgian Waffle Utopia,  mostly because it's fun to say.   (Yes, I have been to Vegas all of two times and have spent considerable time in 4 different hotels. What of it!?)
5	Every time me and my boy visit this place we have a balanced time of fun.  Winning is easy at all tables and slots,  and I'm dying to go back.  BTW, at the end of the night, make sure to order a bowl of Vanilla Bean Ice cream.  They serve it in a melon bowl ; )
5	All that's left of old Vegas pretty much resides in the downtown casinos, and the best of those is the Golden Nugget.  A big remodel last year has left it with a supercool James Bond style pool with a shark tank pierced by a water slide that has to be seen to be appreciated.  The close proximity of pedestrian friendly Fremont Street allows you the opportunity to walk off that big meal you had, or some of that buzz from all those drinks you polished off gambling.  Speaking of gambling, I don't do it often because it makes me feel sad, but the Sopranos penny slots here are loads of fun.  You get a little snippet of the show every minute or two.   Hey look!  I won $3 AND watched Tony beat up that guy with the attitude! Sweet.Overall this place is just more fun than any Strip casino I can think of, while being more reasonably priced and authentic.  A real "gold mine".
5	Would have stayed at Binions because it's legendary but the bf  got kicked out last time for supposedly counting cards. What the Mother of Pearl? My how GN has changed, for the betta.  Nice rooms, service, gaming floor, dealers, 'tenders, FOOD and kick ass pool.  Winnings from the casino paid for the trip, plus some change, so the prospect of winning seems more likely here. Another stay is a definite possibility.
2	Really so so with that price range. However, we enjoy the view that we can see people enjoy sun tanning and swimming. However, the bread pudding was pretty good there. Worth to try
3	On 8 Feb 2005 Landry's Restaurant and their CEO (Tilman Fertita) announced the purchase of Golden Nugget Vegas. They sold "Joe's Crab Shack" chain to pay for the purchase. The planned remodeling was finished on 20 Nov 2009. The resort is now a self-contained complex on 10 acres of land near Fremont Street, and contains 1 out of 3 of the downtown hotel rooms in three towers.   It is the only AAA 4 diamond hotel in downtown Las Vegas, and it's signature feature is the two aquariums. One has full size sharks and faces the swimming pool. The other is in the lobby of the brand new Rush Tower and is surrounded by the elegant Chart House seafood restaurant. There is a new entrance off Carson Street to the South. New artwork gives the place a rejuvenated feel.   Other dining options are (1) Vic and Anthony's Steaks, (2) Grotto for Italian, (3) Red Sushi, (4) Buffet, (5) Carson Street Cafe, (6) The Grille. The buffet is the best (and most expensive) one downtown. However, it is still less than the cheapest on the strip.  Entertainment headliner is Gordon Brown (comic, singer and impressionist).  A major investment in downtown which hasn't seen a new hotel tower since 1989 (also at the Golden Nugget). I hope it pays off since so far business is so bad that earnings are lower then when they bought the place and sunk $1/3billion in renovations.    A real price bargain for a AAA four diamond hotel.
3	omg. do you want to smell like an ashtray when you get back home?you do?!well, here's the perfect place.all snide remarks aside, i stayed here once and although my initial reaction was that of hatred, i grew to love it once i figured it was the best hotel in that area.haven't been back to downtown vegas since then.
5	I love this casino! It's my favorite place in Downtown Las Vegas. The pool has a triple story deck with a water slide that goes through the large shark/fish tank! The drinks are good, the service is good, and food? The Japanese restaurant is nice or you can go for the buffet. I'm busy winning at my favorite slot machine. They do have a few bars and the best is "The Bar" by the pool and a showroom featuring the comedy stylings of Rich Little. This is a classy joint, especially after they did their remodel. Trivia: The hotel was owned by Steve Wynn but sold in 2004 to  Poster Financial Group. They paid for a remodel that has that old Vegas flare. Good thing b/c before that it was getting old and stinky.
2	Nice plush relaxing room, UNTIL.....Construction starts every night at midnight!!!  Right outside, sounds like  giant alien robots are tearing the walls down. All night long!!!!   We were so exhausted we called down to the front desk and after 30 minutes of recorded overly cheerful advertisements of how you can spend your money in every part of their hotel, casinos and cafe's, someone finally answers and says she will send up some earplugs.  After waiting another 40 minutes in the din of robot construction, a fellow comes to the door and hands me one pair of earplugs, I can see another pair in his hands and say there are two of us here and we need two pair, he wont budge, "sorry these are for another room,I will have to come back and give you some more".  So we wait.   Hours later, four times on the phone and an attack of hysterics brought on by lack of sleep, overstimulation and NOISE we finally get a second pair of earplugs and get to sleep about three oclock.  By six AM the sound of twenty construction vehicles with their reverse beepers on, cut through the thick earplugs, it was like trying to sleep through twenty alarm clocks going off.  My eleven hour drive the next day was rough. OverallRoom nice, plush , clean,good water pressure,really too dark to put your make up on in, hard pillows (bring your own),    Great pool and shark tank, beautiful flowers(real) Beautiful bathrooms in the casino, very nice little wedding chapel, pretty good cafe's (need more vegetarian selections), nice enough staff when you can find them.  It was so difficult to actually get through to the front desk, I wonder what would happen if there was a big problem, like a security issue. Apparently the construction will be going on for some time, this noise probably impacts the other hotels in the downtown area. I am suprised that people can do construction 24 hours a day there.  The area is getting better,and the Gold Nugget is the nicest in the area, but there is still an element of sleazy people hanging around, so I would probably feel safer on the strip. I would review the casino, but i dont really dig gambling, I would much rather spend my 3 dollars on gold 60's shoes with lucite heels,like I did at the local Goodwill.  I am sure this hotel will be nice when the construction is over, but I had to take stars off for the noise and unavailable staff.
4	Didn't stay here - I'm sure it's nicer than my thriftier digs, but what's the point if I'm gonna sleep through it?  I did visit though and like what I got.  The casino gives free rules-of-gambling classes daily.  It's hardly learn-at-your-own-pace one-on-one tutoring, but it was enough to take down the intimidation factor.  The $5 minimum made it easy to get my feet wet, and the chatty even-tempered table guys kept an eye out for folks who didn't know which bets went where or whether certain wagers should be multiples of 5 or 6. And "The Tank" is awesome - a pool surrounding a shark tank that has a clear tube for watersliders shooting right through it.  Sun, upbeat pop, chaise lounges - nice.
4	Cheap Drinks in the Vegas Wasteland: If you've never stayed in downtown Las Vegas, do yourself a favor and do. I bunked down in the Golden Nugget for a few nights to celebrate a friend's 40th. His wife reserved him a suite on the upper floors on the casino and we reserved a couple of normal rooms a few floors below. When I breezed into the room--the last to arrive--my friend M. and six others were seated in the 90s upscale living room, already charging through a dozen bottles of alcohol, arranged nicely on the bar. M. made me a clamato, one of the worst cocktails I've ever tasted. Clam and tomato juice don't mix with vodka or each other. An ominous start to the weekend. Once I switched to Jack and Coke I realized that the Nugget was a lot nicer than I'd expected. Renovation work was obvious, and although there was a decided absence of uptown chic in the furnishings, they were nice enough to make you feel you were living in some luxury. M.'s room was huge with I believe a queen-size bed and plenty of mahogany furniture. All in all, it's a good place to affect Sinatra-like sophistication as you slowly get blitzed into a more primitive state... Speaking of which, once you've descended the evolutionary ladder, stepping foot outside the casino provides ample opportunities for personal debauchery, from the infamous Glitter Gulch to any variety of lingerie and strip clubs further out into the gritty ambiance of Old Vegas. If you're tired of gazing at wheezing octogenarians shoveling their social security checks into slot machines, stick around for the nine o'clock "light show" along Freemont Street. The electronic ceiling is a big draw, and you can observe the jaw-dropping masses of humanity as they move through the street like packs of pale wildebeasts shuffling across the desolate plateau. It's astonishing neglect on a vast scale. The light show itself is an exercise in animated drivel, as a cartoon female falls through the clouds to a teenage soundtrack, entertaining none but the massively intoxicated. But then again, that's the appeal of downtown--it's nothing like the glamour of the strip. There's no pretension or false bravura. Old Vegas is too old to pose; it happily admits its tawdry state but continues to wear its faded sequins without giving a damn. Some of the local hotels, like the California, look like gutted gold digs from a hundred years ago, but that's the thing--you get to see what happens when glamour gets old. And the Nugget wears its age better than most.
5	Ok - I have a new favorite downtown!  REALLY great place.  Makes all the others pale in comparison.  Cool slide into a shark tank in the middle of the place.  And the breakfast was incredible.  Didn't really win any money gambling, but had a great time.
2	I was going to go into this place just to see some of old Vegas, but the surrounding neighborhood convinced me not to get out of my car. There is a tent city about 3 blocks north, homeless pitching tents on the side walk. The general area seemed pretty run down, and the sun was setting. I would advise all tourists to stay on the newer strip, and away from old Vegas.
1	i get to travel quite a bit thanks to my job... i've gambled quite a bit throughout california, reno, vegas, atlantic city and even some odd places like kansas city, missouri... the golden nugget has BY FAR been my worst experience at a casino yet. i decided to take a week long vacation to myself and spend it in vegas, and after a lot of googling around i wound up choosing to take a chance with the golden nugget and made my reservations.so off to vegas i go for 7 nights and about $3,000 cash to try and have fun with. so i land in vegas, grab my rental and head to the hotel. turns out there is NO parking left at the hotel, or anywhere nearby for that matter. it wasn't a holiday, just a friday. anyhow, i'm forced to pay $12 a day to park about a block and a half from the hotel (which golden nugget would only cover if i had a receipt). anyhow, after walking through half of fremont street, i finally get to check in. i get my room key and head towards the elevators... should i mention that the check-in and elevators is probably a good 3 minute walk from each other? once out of the elevator i'm making the trek towards my room, another longgggg walk from the elevator. so i get in my room, begin to unpack my things and about 10 minutes later my phone rings. time for a new paragraph.... -=Dit's the front desk! i'm being informed that the room i'm in is actually reserved for another guest. apparently, the couple in the room next to mine wanted to reserve the room i was in for their friends to stay in. and the hotel obliged, even though i had begun to unpack. the front desk apologized and said they would take care of it. so i'm greeted at my door by the lady from the front desk with two $10 comps to their buffet (wow :sarcasm:) and another room key. another 10 minutes of walking later i finally get to my room. thankfully, they let me stay in there this time. i didn't get an upgraded room or anything, same deal.i told them i wasn't satisfied with the comps and they would have to do more than those buffet discounts to make me happy. i basically got the run around the entire week about who i should be voicing my concerns to.... finally when i did talk to the manager of guest relations, she assured me that those stupid buffet discounts was all they could possibly do.on to the rest of my experience. like i said i took $3,000 with me to have some fun. so i make another mistake by joining up for their club and during the week blowing the entire thing in their casino.  a big mistake. because after spending an entire week there and blowing $3K, i would up with $30 cash back and no other kinds of comps AT ALL.... i don't know how in the world that is possilble. maybe the card readers at some machines were broke? maybe the points system is really that bad? i didn't even bother asking at that point. it didn't matter. this casino really sucks.i've never been to ANY PLACE in this world so unforgiving and careless of it's customers. i have been all over the US and parts of canada and yeah, this was absolutely my worst experience ever. i even sort of campaigned for myself for a while after through e-mails with customer service reps at the golden nugget telling them about all of this and not a single person there cared.bottom line. this place sucks. vegas is definitely one of the least forgiving places to go, but this spot takes the cake. i would in no way ever recommend that anyone give this place a single cent.
5	This is far and away the finest hotel on Fremont. It has old school charm and a "classic Vegas" feel (less like the new Disneyland hotels). If you stay downtown this is THE place to be. It's also close to dozens of other fun destinations.Amazing pool with a waterfall, shark tank, and hundreds of lounge chairs, really nice rooms, great bars, a nightclub, excellent food, clean casino, and a great value.Post renovation I would put the Nugget in a class with most strip hotels.
3	The buffet area is clean and well attended with bountiful amounts of food.  The staff is friendly and very professional and efficient.  Special mention for the Bloody Mary that Dennis makes.  He doesn't use any bloody mary mix; he uses tomato juice.  The eggs were a little runny.  The half and half on the table was a bit disappointing as a couple of them were already curdled.  The service compensated for the average food and selection.  There is bottomless glasses of champagne there.  Thanks to Stephanie and Dennis aka the Dog, two exceptional employees.  They really know how to take care of their guests.
4	i love me some Golden Nugget action.....the wife and i made it a habit to walk across the street to Golden Nugget every morning(and noon and night) and letting them give us money....a lucky, classy place....very refined yet fun....just avoid the guys in suits at the corner entrance....i hate people trying to lure you with a "free meal or show" just to end up trying to sell you some crappy timeshare.....! p.s....they have a starbuckss if you need some coffee to fuel your gaming
5	The last 4 times I've been to Vegas I've stayed at the Nugget. Reasons are as follows...- Cheap rooms. I pay on average 60 bucks a night- In LA something this nice would be 300 bucks a night - Great casino- Starbucks included!- Great staff and everything is ALWAYS clean- Complimentary valet parking included with your stay- Decent breakfast buffet...its not the Wynn, but hey its $9.99- Stumbling distance to my favorite titty bar - GLITTER- Right in the midst of glorious OLD VEGASIf you're looking for all of the fun of Las Vegas without the spring breakers and ridiculous crowds, Try staying at the Golden Nugget. I'm always glad I did.
4	Hey man, its the NUGGET....don't expect a plate of orgasmic wonders.The breakfast is decent and is only 10 bucks a person. Dinner is a little pricier but its worth not driving into the the strip. I think the Nuggest has the best buffet in old Vegas.
4	I have never been o Fremont Street before, only the "new Vegas" ya know the mini cities and giant bricks of Marble carved into hotels? This was completely different we arrive around 2 from state line and while waiting in ling saw a giant fish tank by the pool ( it is awesome) They upgraded our room without asking, and FYI it appears that all rooms are "upgradeable" as there is a door they lock between the suite and the regular bed room. It's strange, looks like it may have been their way of working around a remodel. Anyhoo it was great the room was clean and "fancy" and the casino was fun they give you $10 of free play that you can cash out into cash - we did that then bought dinner and went back to loose hundreds ( it was fun though) The Fremont street was definitely a little less expensive than my other Vegas trips and the free casino drinks just kept coming, I never had to in my drunken gambling stupor had to look for a waitress, it was awesome. It is definitely the place to go gamble and drink, the entertainment and grandeur isn't up to par with the strip, but hey when your drunk and rolling dice it really doesn't matter.
4	UPDATED 5/18/09Stayed here for my minimoon. (Mini honeymoon.) We had a very pleasant experience, overall. What complaints I have are minuscule. It is the very nicest place to stay downtown (i.e. fun aquarium pool water slide, beautiful atmosphere, inexpensive slots, quite possibly the world's most gigantic slot machine), lovely and comfortable rooms, prime location, etc. My only complaints were that we would have had to pay for phone service (even local? they weren't clear on that) and we had a delivery at the hotel, but they never called us to let us know it was delivered. It wasn't until we ran into the person who sent us the item the next day that we knew it existed. Also, we had to pay the hotel to get our package. Other than that, I love this place. It's the best place to stay downtown. Period.
4	September 08:  Drawn by the pool, I spent the night in the South Tower.  I actually prefer the tower rooms at El Cortez, but the quiet hallways here make it more than a fair trade.  Better amenities and bathroom at the GN, too.  Strangely enough, the Nugget's website seems to offer better rates than Priceline - and the not-fully-operative video checkout said I owed less than both, so we'll see.  Did have to endure repeated sales overtures on the way to and from the lifts.And the pool?  Freaking awesome.
4	mmmmm.....not bad at All!     Make sure you go after 3:00 pm though, as they switch from lunch mode to dinner mode and bring out different entrees which are much better!   There is something for everybody here.   Seafood, Sushi, Greek, Cajun, Americanized -Chinese food (orange chicken kicks Panda Expresses' ASS)  , 5 different types of crispy Italian pizzas, and just plain ole American juicy prime rib and honey glazed ham!     Lots of chilled food as well.  Salads and fruits aplenty.     After 3:00, they will bring out the good stuff:  Crab legs, cold or steamed, pork and beef ribs, pork chops and an vast selection of delicious desserts - if you have enough room in your stomach, that IS! *** If it is your birthday the Nugget will send over this woman server that works there that will sing a birthday song to you.   She has some respectable pipes!    Her powerful R&B voice will emanate strong and high octaves that fulfill the whole restaurant.   Every patron there stops there eating in awe and admires her talent and the whole restaurant claps after!     Interesting experience overall.   Try to get the tables near the windows  that overlook the party at The Shark Tank. bon appetite!
4	OK, I'm gonna finish off my Vegas gamut run of reviews with the place I stayed at this past weekend - The Golden Nugget.  Now, this is The classiest place to stay if you are staying in Downtown Las Vegas.   The servers know how to treat you,  the bartenders are friendly, and the casino and host staff are Very accommodating to your every need!  The have fun casino games that no other casino in Downtown Vegas has to offer:   ie:  Blackjack Switch and Mini Paigow (only 6 cards dealt.)     The Gold Diggers club is Free and alot of fun and the rooms are very comfortable  - nice mattresses and comforters!  Not to mention - large 42" LCD TV's in every room.    ***   check out their 40 million dollar new pool lounge - The Shark Tank.  Lots of fun!  A real live, shark tank in the middle of the pool with a water slide that goes through it!    I get free comp rooms here in the Golden Nugget because of my player rating - but sadly, as well as they have treated me - I'm going to have to move up to the Strip MGM/Mirage franchise chain of hotels!   =)     See you there!
1	I have always enjoyed coming to this casino.  However, on my last visit, I had a horrible time.  The show defending the caveman sucked and I lost 200 bones on the let it ride table.  On the table, the dealer was not shuffling the cards properly.....I cannot believe the management would allow this.
4	I've stayed downtown in Vegas a few times, trying out different hotels each time. And each time I'm left feeling like I probably caught a head full of lice from the bedding that hasn't changed since 1986. The Golden Nugget was so fantastically different though. I'd always avoided it before, because I figured if I was going to pay $200 for a room I may as well stay on the strip. But they've since lowered their prices to $99, and I must say, it's quite a bargain.You know those Westin Heavenly beds? These beds went above and beyond those, so much so that I ended up having the most boring Saturday night ever in Vegas. At midnight I cuddled up with the super soft & fresh bedding and the perfect mattress. Pathetic, I know, but Friday night made up for it.The casino is pretty much the same as any casino to me, just with slightly higher limits than the rest of the casinos downtown. The pool, however really surprised me. I had no idea something like that existed in this part of Vegas. You can even swim with the fishes (so to speak) in Mandalay Bay.Thumbs Up:-Freakin' awesome pool area.-The beds. We were actually trying to devise a way to bring one home with us.Thumbs Down:-No vending machines on the floors. What's that all about? I need my M&M's and Mountain Dew when I'm drunkenly stumbling back to my room!
2	I think I've said this in previous reviews, but I really wish we could grade places like 2nd grade. A section for Effort, a Section for Team Work and a Section for reality and that you still suck. I give the Nugget a A for effort, the pool was great, the rooms were sorta updated nicely (it was no Red Rock) but They sorta failed on the Team work and REALITY section of the report card. Customer service was good for my some but for us it was almost impossible to get a hold of someone at the front desk....and the straw that broke the Golden Camel Nuggets back...I had been in the casino gambling for a while, had a few drinks, things were good. I went into the restroom and proceeded to water the porcelain. This drunk guy comes into the urinal next to me and proceeds to proclaim, DAMN WHAT IS THAT! Now, I'm pretty confident that I have no abnormal body parts, so I looked down to see why he was pointed at me and causing me much shame...oh snap, there was a cockroach the size of the Wynn headed right for my little Erik. It was not an ordinary roach. I've seen roaches before from when I lived near the Russian Bear in San Francisco...this was a roach of the ancients, a deep roach...a roach bred from the hell fire of the sulfur fueled underworld. You can build new towers, clean up your pool, but you have to hire someone to clean up the portal to Hades that is apparently leaking mutant hell spawn into the bathroom near the buffet.
4	This is so far my favorite place to stay while in Vegas. I'm there once a month, so it is like a second home to me. The beds are SO comfy, and all of the restaurants have good food (some better than others, obviously) which can be hard to find in Vegas. This place is the only "affordable" hotel w/affordable food choices that are plentiful and delicious! The staff here always treats me like a queen, they're really nice! It also has 2 Starbucks, one of which is 24 hours! Also, one of the only GOOD 24 hour restaurants in Vegas period, Carson Street Cafe (just a note, on Wednesdays, the restaurant has a very limited menu for whatever reason). They have a nice pool, and a decent LiL nightclub as well if you're in the mood to be a little more social and get your groove on. They have a spa too, which looks nice but I haven't indulged in any of their services yet. The casino has a good assortment of games (I play slots and roulette), but the slots weren't loose enough to hold my attention for long. Ooooh and if you need anything, there is also a 24 hour Walgreens a block away. Overall, I'd highly recommend this place. I've had a blast here on vacations w/friends and family, as well as business trips.
4	Best of the old school casinos.  Excellent gaming tables and service, here is the place where you're likely to see the hardcore gamers and gamblers......y'know, the dudes who come up in a T-shirt and Wrangler jeans and drop $10K on the craps table without batting an eye.  Its a cooler scene than the CEO playing $5,000 per hit blackjack at the Wynn.....these dudes are REALLY into it and they know their dealers.The swimming pool with the central fish tank was very badass, as was the enormous namesake Gold Nugget.I'm a South Strip kinda person because I dig the fine dining an fancy shops, but this place is A-Ok.
4	Same review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/golden-nugget-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-2#hrid:m3H2-jZzZMgkzYAWqZSC2g
4	If you're staying DT, this is the only place to stay. Nice Rooms, Nice Staff, Nice Casino, Nice Pool.I've stayed here several times on long weekend trips with the boys to do some gambling. The Casino is ok, but when you're Downtown you can Casino hop and find a table with rules that you prefer. The room was nice the bathroom was sooo small though, I'm not a big guy but it was hard for me to operate in the shit But, the property is old and if you're just in the room to sleep and shower it's perfect.If you're staying there, try to get a North Tower Room, they are newer and a lot easier to navigate the hotel. If you get a South Tower Room, Fremont St to the Elevators can be a hike, plus you basically have to jab a timeshare dude out everytime you try to get to your room.Oh plus if you're in a South Tower room you may have to walk miles, serioulsy I met some people there one weekend and went to there room to chill, and I swear it was a maze to get to their room!! Trust me spend the money on a North Tower Room.Overall, I'm happy with GN. Not to smokey which is a big thing for me..
4	Stayed a total of 2 nights / 2 nights (10-10-08 / 10-12-08) in one of the South Tower rooms. Got to say I had no complaints with the hotel or the staff. Big, clean rooms with a 42 inch plasma TV. Decent sized bathroom, not too big not too small. The staff was friendly and helpful. For the price, it's got to be one of the best hotels in downtown. I personally dig the classic Vegas feel of downtown, so staying here is fine with me. Got to say the only complaint I have is that they didn't have any $5 Blackjack or Craps tables. Considering the economy and the fact we are in old-school downtown Vegas, I would think they would bump down the minimums? Oh, and that "Defending the Caveman" show looks absolutely stupid and lame. I really hope they ditch it by the time I return back to Vegas!
4	Hotel is clean and tidy. It is really cheap too, well worth the price.I love the swimming pool and jacuzzi. The pool has a fish tank filled with sharks and other fish. The sliding tube can take you right through the fishes, really cool!With buffet coupon, buy one and get the 2nd one for free, makes it a steal for the food with good selections.Down side of it is its location, if you take the Deuce free bus to go to the strip, it could take 1 hour. Really a pain.
5	I love the Golden Nugget.  I've been staying here pretty exclusively the last 2 years, and have watched as the place as been upgraded -- improvements that continue to make this the best value for the buck in Las Vegas.1.  The Hotel is very nice with large rooms, small bathrooms, and extremely comfortable beds.2.  Food: The dining options are fabulous, with the buffet being outstanding, the Grotto Italian restaurant being excellent, Vic and Anthony's being fabulous, and Lilis Noodle House being superb.  Additionally, there's a Sushi place on site and a grill for pizza and other snacks.  Then there's the good 'ol Carson Street Cafe.  This is old Vegas at its best ... though, by far, not the best food in the hotel, it has the "feel" of the old downtown Vegas fare.  I like getting a snack there at 3 am.3.  Casino: The slots are on the tight side, but in the High Roller area they hit more frequently.  The tables are excellent, with sometimes as low as $5 a hand if you hit the casino at the right time.  The high roller area often as a $25 table so that's a much nicer place to play.  Avoid the Wheel of Fortune Machines ... they are addictive and will rip you off every time.4.  Pool is amazing ... and a lot of fun.  Set aside a little time to try it out.5.  Service:  EXCELLENT.  The staff knows me by name and is always very helpful.
4	It's old Vegas class and old Vegas prices with all the excitement of the new casinos. I had a great experience all around -- especially since our room was cheap to begin with, and then we got upgraded to the north tower! I love the pool with the water slide, shark tank, and the Dive Bar bar. The casino isn't a cheap-o dump, but it's not the cheapest, either. I love the giant slot machine at the entrance. Here's a quick review of the restaurants. Red Sushi: Excellent, excellent staff and cool location. The rice was all wrong, though. Too sticky for sushi rice. Aside from that my meal was delightful. Again, great staff. The Buffet: One of the better buffets I've been to at this level of casino. It's not five-stars, but it's good for the price. Be sure to use the coupon in the coupon book found in your room! Carson Street: The food wasn't that great, but they sat us near the walk way and we got to people watch and we could see the sharks in the pool from our seat, so that was nice. I would've given the Golden Nugget five stars except for the fact that at least SEVEN TIMES my boyfriend and I were accosted by staff members trying to get us on one of those God damned time share tours. We politely declined the first three times, but after being hounded by the SAME employees we just changed our refusal to yelling "no timeshares!" while running away covering our face. Whether we were just walking into the hotel/casino, or if we were asking directions, they were trying to get us to waste 4-5 hours of our day listening to a sales pitch for something we didn't want and couldn't afford. I'm guessing this is how they got the money for the remodeling, but it really cheapened the experience. I felt like I only got a nice deal because I had to deal with this constant salesmen harassment. But don't get me wrong. I do love the Golden Nugget and I will stay there again the next time I go to Vegas (I go about every two years).
4	The Golden Nugget seems to be the "Wynn" of downtown.  It seems to be a little more elegant, a little cleaner, a little nicer, and a little more upscale than most of the others on Fremont.  It's also very crowded, the traffic aisles through the casino are very narrow, and you can get claustrophobic in a hurry.  The last time I was there, the reason for stopping in was to see a show, "Defending the Caveman".  The theater was large and had comfortable seating, and I enjoyed the show.I've been wanting to try a couple of the restaurants here, but had already eaten dinner at Triple 7 Brew Pub at Main Street prior to the show.  Will put dinner at Golden Nugget on my list for next trip.It's a nice place, and I had a good time at the show.
5	I cannot explain how much I love downtown Las Vegas.  Not only is the child to adult ratio nearly 0-10,000 but the bars and casinos are SO much better than on the strip!For beginner gamblers, I definitley think this is your place.  It is fantastic for asking questions, low minimums and helpful people.  It is ALL about gambling and a lot less about entertaining people...with the crap that infests the strip. The whole feel of downtown is enveloped in "Old Vegas" and I love it...especially at the Nugget, where I could sit in a smoke free poker room for 14 hours and never get bored or feel unwelcome at a low limit Texas Hold 'Em table.  The dealers were polite and good - I won!  And, the patrons were awesome!!The waitresses were quick and remembered my drink (vodka tonic with lime) and always said "thank you" for every tip.I learned how to play craps and roulette here as well ...and it was an amazing experience.  The hotel has recently undergone a renovation and it was immaculate.I highly recommend if you are looking to get away from 'kid-friendly' Vegas and want to eat/drink/gamble for nearly a third of the price, head down to Old Vegas where you can enjoy yourself and not necessarily come away from the experience broke!I love me some Nugget...I can't wait to go back!
5	Screw you, Fodor, Frommer and Expedia. Golden Nugget gets a resounding five stars in my Yelp book. On the real. And I just checked in. I'll tell you this though, tough times on Vegas equals fantastic times for me. We got a schmancy Gold Club room for like $80/night. Damn right. I'm surrounded by rich mahogany right now, I'm practically Ron Burgundy. Now excuse me while I smoke my cigar, drink my whiskey and grab cocktail waitresses asses.
5	Cheaper rooms, always availability and tried staying Downtown for once. Although they didn't have my room ready when I got there,  I did get VIP check-in.  Wanted to give me a smaller room, with no second bed (there were three of us) and the kill-em-with-kindness act ensued. "Um, you see, Ms. Manager, I think you would agree that that option just won't work for the three of us. Surely there is something you could arrange for our inconvenience. " And they slipped over a little piece of paper face down (like a deal in Scarface or some shit) and said, "I hope that will do. Thank you for your patience" CHA CHING, upgraded to the pliggity plush Penthouse suite, with THREE bathrooms and bownchicka bow wow mirrored ceilings. Not much view (except the top of Freemont) but who cares, we weren't looking out the window. Nice bar, steam shower, big ol' bed, def a mix of old school black-n-gold Vegas meets hip, zen accents.  Red Sushi was grub, buffet is aiight, pool is kick ass but small (SHARK TANK, cue the dun na dun na) and waterslide that goes through it. QUICK TIP: The VIP lounge offers free juice, cheese, fruit and cool kick it spot to wait. Save money and get a bottle o' booze at the store and free mixers in the VIP lounge. Saved at least $100 from room service to gamble...just a thought.  Downtown feel is...different from the strip. Old school, but very walkable. Cheaper drinks tho, check out the super thermometer drinks peddled outside the casino on Freemont. Two of those should do the trick for a Rhino.
5	I think everyone's grandparents have escaped and gone to the Golden Nugget!!  Call the Alzheimer's wrangling crew and get down there!  I love the Golden Nugget, its what reminds you why old Vegas was the happening spot and why even Swingers was filmed here.  Sure, most of its patrons and their teeth don't sleep together and their idea of getting "lucky" is finding their car in the parking lot, it only adds to the charm of this place.Forget the Luxwhore, Man-to-lay Bay, Straddlesphere, CaeSARS, Ri-hoe, Palmidia and Bitchllagio... it's all about the Golden Nugget and their world's largest golden nugget and their $3 craps table!  Seven, yo Eleven!!
4	The Golden Nugget is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  It's the best bang for your buck.  I booked the room on Travelocity this time and even got the third night free.  Score!The water slide through the shark pool is awesome.  I can't count how many times I flew down it.The only thing keeping me from giving the Golden Nugget a solid 5 stars is the customer service is really lacking.  I don't even know why the concierge gets to have a "Concierge" sign in front of her because she's useless.  Can someone cough up a few hundred dollars and at least give her a computer so she can Google answers for us?
4	The Golden Nugget is a trip into the soul of old Vegas. I didn't stay here but I will say this-- this place rocks in a campy sort of way. I listened to live music in a killer old school bar that was lit up like a tiger. The people watching alone was worth the trip down there. The slots were cheap and the club wasn't happening but I had a hell of a time. Highly recommend if you want a taste of the old strip.
4	We didn't stay at this hotel but hung out here while visiting Downtown Fremont Street.I have to admit that compared to other Downtown hotels, this one actually was nice (I'm guessing it's because it's owned by Steve Wynn). It was bigger than Binion's and the 4 Queens and classier too. It still had the low ceilings and smoky smell but hey, it's Downtown Fremont Street which is home to all the older hotel-casinos.The coolest thing about this hotel was the shark tank in the middle of the pool. There's also a waterslide and the tube goes right through the shark tank! Not sure if I would stay here but I would sneak in and use their pool.
4	I have always wanted to stay at the Golden Nugget..and I FINALLY have!!  I have always had a fondness for the place because, 1. I have been a winner here a few times (and this trip was no different!! Yippee) and because as a child my parents always stayed here..it was ritzy..( Yes..I AM that old!!)I stayed and got a KILLER deal..$39.00 a night with one night free.I was here for my birthday and have to say I really have NO complaints.The room was pretty standard, in the South Tower (I think) with a very nice strip view.  I was in a smoking room..for reasons that I hate to say are true..I can't HELP smoking in Vegas, and perhaps my roommate may have smoked in there as well..(I am a reformed smoker) anyway, the rooms were not that smelly and didn't reek like other smoking rooms I have encountered in Downtown.Next time, I would stay in the other tower if possible as it is a bit of a walk to the elevators.The room is standard and has a nice big flat screen that my friend had turned to CNBC for our entire stay..and that is a story for another time.I would have liked to eaten at the buffet but it was closed for renovations..I did eat at the 24 hour place and it was reasonable and good edible food.The pool is AMAZING and I dreamed of swimming in it the entire time but the 52 degree weather stopped me, although I did dip my foot in and I must say it was very warm.I have stayed downtown MANY times and I must say that the Nugget is the best place there..however the appeal of this part of Vegas for me is what I call the "Old Slutty" casinos located here..nothing beats Binions and the Lady Luck..I won at every casino I played at so all and all it was a good trip and the Nugget just made it better.Here is a tip, join the '24 Karat" players club..I know it is worth it as they will keep you apprised of great deals here.The economy may be in  the dumper but as the front desk guy told me.."the economy maybe bad but it's good for you.." and he was right..on our last night I got a letter offering another night for free, which fell on the Friday of Superbowl weekend..I know they offered  it to everyone but when I called on it they really meant it!!"  Wish I could have stayed but thought better of getting out of Sin City with my winnings!!  Next time I will for sure!!
5	I have been here three times now......and the initial stay began terribly............midnight arrival, long line to check in, over booked, under staffed.............but since then it has been great! I love the Fremont area, but I would not stay anywhere else than the Nugget. Nice rooms, modern premises, and on Fremont! The hookers can be as aggressive as the time share sales people, though!The Grotto  is a must for Italian dining, the breakfast buffet upstairs has an insane amount of choices, Golddiggers night club is overpriced but a worthy night time stop to have a drink and look down over Fremont street. Want to soak up the sun??????? Hit the shark tank pool! Lots of sun, drinks and gambling readily available right there at the pool.The few problems we have encountered have always been remedied immediately.
3	We stayed there for one night just to check out the Fremont street area. Golden nugget was OK. It was clean, and the cocktail ladies were on the ball! The room was comfy and the only complaint I have is the sucky attitudes of the front desk agents. Other than that, Golden Nuggets a cool spot.
3	This review is strictly for the casino...The Golden Nugget is probably the nicest casino in downtown Las Vegas. I'd rank it above Imperial Palace, Harrahs, etc but not quite T.I. or the Mirage.Came in here after driving from Huntington Beach straight to Vegas 6 hours of HELL and on an empty stomach. We headed to the cafe here because honestly, the casino here is cleaner than all the other ones around it downtown. Also the food seemed normal compared to the 99 cent foot long hot dogs and deep fried Snickers at the nearby casinos.We all demolished our breakfast food and hit the tables for some action. The casino staff was very friendly and the limits are on the upper end of of downtown limits. (10 dollar BJ, $5 craps, etc).They got an awesome pool that unfortunately was closed at the time (2AM - reasonable enough time to have it closed) and overall it just had a nice clean feel to it. Not something you get at nearby Binion's which is a different story...
2	Casino hopped my way in here and it's by far the closest to a "strip" style casino on Fremont.  The dealers were a bunch of sarcastic wise guys and the place was dead.  You'd think they'd be more pleasant to the only person willing to play their crappy games.  If you're a low (or "value") roller go try Binion's or Fremont.  You'll find lower minimums and friendlier dealers that will help you out.
4	We wanted to stay in the nicest hotel in downtown Las Vegas (Fremont Street) and from other reviews and AAA's 4 diamond rating we ended up at the Golden Nugget. We were able to book two nights (Saturday and Sunday) in the South Tower for around $150 by signing up for the Email promotions on their website. The views from the South Tower were less than spectacular, we had a view of the Golden Nugget's parking garage. We could also see and hear the construction of a new tower that is being built. Upon check-in, I requested an upgrade to the North Tower which has views of the pool, but they only had smoking rooms available. They did give me the option to call the front desk the next day to see if anything opened up, but we decided against it since we would only be there one more day.The Golden Nugget also has a great pool with an Aquarium in the center. If you are adventurous, there is a water slide that goes through the middle of the Aquarium which is a unique experience.The slots at the Golden Nugget seem to be tighter than the other casinos downtown. I cannot comment on the table games.I manged to find a coupon book, which probably could be obtained from the 24 Karat Player's Club. We dined at the breakfast buffet with a 2-for-1 coupon. Overall, the buffet was OK, they had an omelette bar which is always a plus. Another nice feature of the buffet was that they take your drink order when you pay, so you don't have to wait for the server once you are seated. If you are looking for the actual golden nugget 'The Hand of Faith' it is down a hallway across from the front desk.
3	This review is for the Buffet. We went to the Saturday Champagne Brunch which was $17.99 per person. It comes with your choice of an orange mimosa or champagne. The buffet isn't that big, but they have a fair amount of different kinds of food. You can have omelets made any time you want. They had Asian, Italian, Mexican, sandwiches, a carving station, salad/fruit bar, dessert and ice cream area. Overall the food was ok. It made me full; nothing special, but you can watch people in The Tank, which is the Golden Nugget's pool area. There are gigantic fishes in that tank along with sharks :]
2	Let me preface this with the fact that I hate Vegas.  I think it exemplifies and amplifies the worst things about American culture - greed, excess, overconsumption, etc.But, at least the Golden Nugget is downtown and not as bad as the strip.  They have a pretty cool shark tank that's in the middle of a swimming pool, and that was kinda nice to walk by.  The casino itself is a casino, and I found out that all of the dealers are unionized and making good money with plenty of breaks.  I found the staff to be the most interesting part of the Hotel experience because they came from all over the world, and had interesting stories to share.  The rooms themselves were ok, like Holiday Inn ok.
5	Our second time at the Nugget & third time to Vegas. First time we stayed at Paris. Paris is the 'new' Vegas and the shopping is better there, but I prefer the Fremont experience to the fancy shops. It costs less, there is tons to do and see, and you can still head to the new ones to walk around. The Nugget is friendly, the rooms as very nice and the pool is great fun, plus you walk out on to Fremont street. The dealers are for the most part friendly; we had a few that were great fun. Give the Nugget a try!
5	Ah yes, I vaguely remember this place as the place that I handily insulted two Serbs at a craps table. Something along the lines of;"Damn straight the war crimes tribunal was a good idea. They picked up all the dirty Serbs and punished them justly"Not my finest moment, but I owe the Golden Nugget and their cheap beer (or maybe the crap ton I had earlier) for giving me the courage to say something that probably should have gotten me stabbed by the growing crowd of Serbian on lookers if not for my friends who pulled me to safety at the last moment.
4	I loved staying here.  Granted I'm a local but it really is the nicest place downtown.  I got the cheapest room for the night and it was still one of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed at.  The beds were comfy and the room beautifully decorated.  The closet contained two bathrobes, luggage rack, extra pillow, iron and board, and an easy to use safe.  I liked that there was a little vanity outside the bedroom so I didn't have to crowd the bathroom to put on my make-up.  I think the best thing about this place is the pool.  Sure it's small and getting a lounge chair might be a fight to the death when it gets busy, but it is so fun.  Also if you don't know, the free towels are in the retail shop.  I was suprised to find it was a salt water pool.  There is a shark tank smack in the middle of the pool, and in the middle of the tank is an awsome water slide.  I was suprised to find an elevator to the third floor to get on the water slide, so fat asses like myself don't have to huff and puff up three flights of stairs to have a bit of fun.  At the end your going fast enough to go under, so be prepared.  Salt water up your nose, hurts so good.FYI: They have been going through a re-model and face lift for a while now so if you do go, expect some noise.
5	The Nugget is probably my favorite place to stay, why? because it cost as much as the Concha Inn but has the style and class of any hotel on the strip. In terms of comfort and style, I consider the cost inexpensive.
5	Classic downtown Vegas!  Great action on the casino floor late night if you play lower limits.
4	Free Craps Lessons learn how to play in under 20 minutesI have never stayed here but I did go and learn how to play craps, and it is now by far my favorite game to play, great staff at the gaming tables and the person who taught us how to play Craps was wonderful and patientthen I got lucky and he was on the Craps table I went to try my hand at so I got more pointers from himI went back and played slots and Craps a few times here
4	This was a nice hotel right on Fremont! The pool is amazing, the room is just right, and it's perfectly located right on the fremont strip! The price is just right too. The slots are a bit on the tight side, but overall it's a great place to stay!
3	why did no one tell me the noodle house was open at 11pm??? WHY? we ended up eating at the nasty cafe where 5 pieces (maybe it was 4, don't matter cuz it sucked) of cocktail shrimp was $10. it tasted very much like plastic. the Caesar salad was crap too. lettuce was NOT fresh.other than that, it's a wonderful hotel at a great price. swimming pool with sharks is cool and location by fremont strip is nice too. feels like day time at night cuz of the bright lights!
4	From spiral staircaseWatch sun-bathers down belowThe Golden Nugget_____I stayed in the Tower Suite--a 1500 sq foot colossus of a hotel room--for $301.  Unfortunately for me I was in that room a total of 6.5 hours, but the fault for that is all my own.They gave me a matchplay coupon and $60 for $50 in the poker room, plus two free drink coupons, all of which I used gladly.  I'm really impressed with the downtown area for cleaning up its act.  My first impression years ago was that it was really run-down and past its time, but now it is clean and semi-refined, and better than a handful of on-strip locations.I still think it's essential though, if you stay downtown, to have a car.  Sometimes you just gotta get outta there.
4	Since we are getting a lil too "matured" for the Vegas Strip scene, we have found that downtown Vegas is sometimes more our pace! LOL! The food, the black jack tables, and esp the alcoholic beverages are a little cheaper :) However, we still enjoy decent accommodations and have found Golden Nugget to be the closest thing to our strip hotel away from the strip. The rooms have all been renovated with comfortable beds and flat screen TVs. Their standard rooms are fairly large with more than enough walking space...it's not cramped and compact. Unlike, their neighboring casinos, the Golden Nugget is very clean...clean like they vacuum their floors and dust the slot machines. And also unlike their neighboring casinos, their cocktail waitresses don't look like they just got paroled or was pulled out of a mail order bride catalogue to pass out mardi gra beads!!! LOL! The rooms are very affordable, esp if you stay mid week (Sun-Thurs)...about $60 a night. I believe weekend rates can go up to $150 for a standard room, but still more reasonable than the $250 and up they offer at the strip hotels. The most appealing aspect of the hotel is their swimming pool, which they call the Tank. It's a nice sized pool that surrounds a shark tank...it's great. There's also a slide tube that takes you in through the shark tank and empties into the pool area, too. There's plenty of lounge chairs to catch some sun...and if you've got the dinero, you can rent a private cabana for about $75 for a half day. And if you get a craving for the strip life, you can always take the bus straight through Las Vegas Blvd or there's always the trusty old taxi cabs!
4	The Golden Nugget is so nice! It's clean, it's not smoke filled and we had a blast in the pool! We stayed in a Gold Club room and loved how clean and quiet it was. There were some signs of wear in the bathroom...someone left behind some fingernail polish on the granite counter top...hope they were charged for the damage! But no big deal...it didn't effect our enjoyment of the LCD TV in the mirror of the bathroom. The view from our room was of the pool and the new (in construction phase) tower. Not all that impressive but if a view is important to you then stay at Red Rock Canyon! The Gold Club room floors are only accessed by key card from the elevators and are supplied with bottled water, coffee and tea and open refreshments of jelly beans, chocolate covered raisins, m-n-m's, trail mix, and fruit such as apples and bananas. It was nice to have these available just outside of the elevator. Food at the Golden Nugget restaurants was very good; except the buffet...it was just so-so; edible just not that exciting. However, the pizza at the Grotto was to die for. It had a nice thin crust and it was nice-n-bubbly hot from the oven; a very Neapolitan style pizza, yum! Plus, the coffee from the Grotto rocked! I especially liked their service of "sugar-in-the-raw" for my coffee...couldn't find this stuff anywhere else in Vegas...weird! The Valet service was fantastic. They worked extremely hard in some extreme temperatures for some extreme crowds and did a great job! OK, on to the "construction issues"...yes, they are undergoing some construction of a new tower and some of the streets are closed, etc...deal with it peeps! If there wasn't some sort of construction or deconstruction going on, would it really be Vegas?! The Fremont Street experience is a hoot and I love "Old Downtown". Next time you go, stay at the Nugget. You will be pleasantly surprised! This is where I will go and stay time and again!
4	Thank the Lord...er...uh...I guess since it's Vegas it'd be more like Satan?I was about to give up on Vegas and viola! Here is the Golden Nugget! Every time I've been to this town I've stayed on the Strip and I see the error in my ways now. Fremont might be a bit older but it's definitely the kind of kitschy that I crave. Strangely enough though, the Golden Nugget does not give away it's age at any point. You can tell that they've put good money into renovations.Now, I will admit my stay was not all shiny and perfect. Our neighbors wonderful, sweet children started screaming at 6:45am. Yes, I said it. 6 fucking 45 am in the morning.  It bothered me so much that in my dreams I was fantasizing about opening the door between our rooms and screaming at them. This ended at around 8 am when I couldn't take it anymore. So I called the front desk.."Good morning Mrs. Hilmers! Is there something we can do for you?""...yes....the room next to us....their kids have been screaming since 6:45am....is there anything you can do?""We could send security up to check on them.""..oh...I don't think it's a security issue, I think they are just horrible children."The hotel went to great lengths to make sure the rest of our stay here was pleasant and comp'd us a meal. The room we were moved to had a great view of the strip which I was more than happy to be nowhere near. So yes, I think I've found my hotel!Also, the shark tank is pretty awesome. The slide..well..don't think you'll see fish when you go down the slide. It's more like blurs of silver, but the slide is still great. I think the pool is half kid urine, but somehow the tank kept me distracted from that. :D
5	i had no problems with the nugget. im a big fan of clean and inexpensive, and they were both. the pics i saw of the rooms online can be a bit misleading...i was expecting something bigger, esp since we had a double bedroom, but its whatever. the pool was the shit! dont get too excited about swimming with the fishes tho, cuz when ur going down that slide you cant even see them. the buffet was on point, the staff was friendly.on another note, we switched rooms over the weekend and i left 2 bags of weed in the old room. from what i understand, nevada has a no-tolerance attitude towards marijuana (a joint gets you 3 months?) but nothing bad happened. the cleaning ladies kept winking at me the next day
3	"This is a 4 Star Hotel??!" was my remark when walking into my hotel room. The ratings I've seen seem a little high for what the room really was. The decor has not been updated since early 90's. Lighting in the room was terrible. There was an inch gap between the window and A/C unit. The pillows were old funky foam, no down or faux down which is typical of most 4 star hotels. Bed was horrible to sleep on. The bathroom reminded me of my grandmothers house, and not in a good way. Compared to other hotels in downtown Vegas, it's definitely the best around, but that's comparing it to one and two star hotels. I actually was only going to give the Nugget a 2 star rating but they did provide me with a bottle of wine and chocolate covered strawberries because my company does frequent business with them.
4	My girlfriend and I and 2 other couples stayed there 4th of july weekend.  This place rocks.  The pool area is straight out party time.  We wanted to get the sofa section but it said "one drink minimum".  My buddy and I looked at each other and laughed.   We each had about 8 drinks each while chillen by the pool all day.Good prices: a bucket 5 of 16 oz bud lites $20.00, killer chicken nachos by the pool $10.00.  one bad thing there is a lotta kids running around the pool.  Just don't walk around dwntown vegas at night.  It's whitetrash-ville lol
4	EEEEHEEEHEHEHHNDHAHAHSJKASKDThe G*Nug is my new favorite spot in Downtown Vegas. At 50 bucks a night we could afford to stay two nights longer than we planned.The pool was awesome, the video poker bars kept the drinks flowin', and our room was way more than 50 bucks could ever get you on the strip.Only downside- for some reason the water in the ENTIRE FRIGGIN HOTEL smells like someone pulled out my colon, soaked it in sulfur, and hung in to dry on a humid Florida day.Bring your own water and then party on!
4	The Golden Nugget is the one downtown hotel that could be airlifted and placed on the Las Vegas strip and not miss a beat. It would fit right in on the strip.As it is, it remains the gem of the downtown hotels and casinos.It is in the center of all the downtown happenings and the downtown Fremont experience can be a great deal of fun.The "tank" is a unique pool experience.The lounge at the pool with their "one drink minimum" is excellent.They provide blackjack poolside .... how do you go wrong.The rooms are very nice and clean.Currently the hotel has a promotion - book three nights during the week and only pay for two. At $49.00 a night for two nights and the third is included you can't pass this up.The gaming employees are very friendly, especially the guys and ladies working the craps table. They really make the gaming experience enjoyable.The Golden Nugget has not lost a lot of that "Old Vegas" charm.A great place to stay.A great place to play.
2	So disappointed! I thought I would love this place based on the reviews, but it totally let me down.I stayed in a room in the North Tower, which is the oldest section of the hotel (first mistake?). The room was small for the price, smelled like mothballs, and looked like it belonged in a retirement home. Stains on the carpet, a mouse in the hall. I tried to upgrade my room to see if that would make me like this place a little better, but the front desk told me they were totally booked. The bartender at the casino gave me a cracked glass that I almost cut my lip on. The buffet was cheap, but also greasy, tasteless, and barely edible, and the security guard at the pool was a total douche. Overall the whole place felt dated, tacky, and depressing. The spa was very nice and the staff there were great, but that was pretty much the only aspect of the hotel that I enjoyed at all. Not what I was hoping for!
3	Ok, so let me just preface this by saying my review is NOT based on ANY experience at the hotel OTHER than a mere lunch and brief walk-around.  That said. THEY HAVE A CLEAR TUBE-WATERSLIDE THAT GOES THROUGH AN AQUARIUM WITH SHARKS?!?!?!?!?! OMG! I'm SO staying here at LEAST once JUST for this reason.I have to admit, it's definitely not as upscale of a crowd as anything I've seen on the strip...but then again...neither is Old Town Vegas...The hotel didn't seem like anything special...UNTIL.. I saw the pool with a tube slide shoving people through a shark-inhabited aquarium and poolside blackjack tables. Are you KIDDING ME? How come I never knew about this place.PS $20 to ride the waterride if you're not a guest of the hotel...
4	I'd never gambled at the tables before. I'm usually happy to let the penny slots rob me of all of my hard earned cash. But I passed a $5 Blackjack table at the Golden Nugget and decided to give it a try. The end result was wonderful. The dealer was a lovely friendly girl from Detroit who was patient, funny and really entertaining. The pit bosses were very friendly and the rest of the table was equally good. Managed to get a fair few cocktails in (unlike most of the big hotels on the strip!) I had a really great night. I'm thinking downtown gambling all the time for my next trip!
5	The Nugget is a solid 2-3 star place if you're looking for a Vegas Strip like experience.  But if you are staying downtown because you want to stay downtown, this is a 5-star experience.The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, the casino has a good feel to it....  This is my first stay there in the past few years, and their latest additions are very well done.  Their recent pool remodel has been named one of the top ten pools in the world (I question that, but it is very nice) and they added four blackjack tables in the pool area.  The dealing team out there were super-friendly and fun (even the pit bosses were cool).  Plus, the setting with the pool/waterfall/aquarium behind you and TVs to watch in front, not to mention a constant stream of people to watch make it all a great experience.  I was just disappointed that they only keep it open until 1 or 2 am.My only disappointment was the morning poker tournament.  Entries were so low that we went across the street to Binion's instead, which was excellent.  Being downtown means that you can easily move from place to place with no issues, and the Nugget is a great home base for your stay.
4	Amazing for the price.  Great location in Downtown.  Nice clean interior, great valet service, 3 star rooms that have been recently renovated, comfortable beds, and cheap eating and gambling.  If you are OK not staying on the strip, the Golden Nugget is as good as it gets.
4	Totally awesome. The pool is seriously amazing and almost kid free. The shark tank is beautiful, the waterfalls, the waterslide, the poolside blackjack, lots of lounge chairs, I mean, seriously, it was an amazing pool area. The drinks were a little pricey but really tasty. Ate at the cafe, which was fine, nothing amazing, decent price. They give you a good amount of coupons for free drinks and $ off on dining. The rooms were great, very clean, AC worked awesome. Its right on Fremont St and there is plenty to do...we didn't even go down to the strip at all. My only criticism would be the H2O barstaff and blackjack dealers were pretty unfriendly, but really, who cares. I would stay here again ANY time. It was a fantastic experience!
3	If your high school friends force you to stay in downtown Vegas, then this is the place. Decent rooms, fun pool and nice tables/poker. Crowd is definitely less attractive/hip than on the Strip but much cheaper overall.
2	The  hubs and I decided to take a 4 night vaca in Vegas and thought we would step it up and stay at the Golden Nugget (we normally stay at the 4 Queens).  Room - First, let me start out by saying that when we arrived to check in at (4pm)  they didn't have the room type we wanted and said that we would need to change rooms the next day.  They put us in a crappy 3rd floor room with a view of the roof and of the parking garage across the street.  There was some sort of vent on the roof that would whir at intervals that we could hear clearly in the room.  The next day we were moved to the 18th floor to a room that was in the furthest-most-far-away corner from the elevators.  It had a nicer view and a big flatscreen tv (the other room had an older smaller one) and no whirring noise.  However the trade off is that they were doing construction a few floors above us and would start scraping and pounding hammers at 8am.  We got to enjoy that for 2 nights.Food - We ate at the cafe.  It was totally average.  I had to send my salad back because it was nasty (think of a bagged salad that has started showing signs that it needs to be thrown out).  They did replace it with much better lettuce but it was still just blah.   The breakfast/lunch buffet (we arrive there right as they were switching for lunch) was good.  It was a decent variety of food and some good desserts.I can't really rate the casino because we were really not impressed by the GN so we weren't inclined to spend our money there.Overall, I probably won't be staying there again!One last thing - what is up with the poor quality tp at all downtown hotels?  I thought that the GN would at least have some decent tp!
4	I stayed at the Golden Nugget in September. I stayed on Friday and Saturday nights for about $59 per night (for a 4-star hotel). The price for hotels (like Treasure Island, MGM, New York New York, etc) on the strip were going for around $150-200 per night. Anyways, I heard about the great pool at the Golden Nugget and decided to give it a try.The hotel seemed to be completely renovated. The room was completely renovated and better than I would have expected at any hotel in the old downtown. The room was probably as good as the standard rooms in Treasure Island, MGM, and New York New York (The last times I stayed at TI or MGM were about 3-5 years ago). The Golden Nugget swimming pool was awesome! It was featured on the Travel Channel show, "Extreme Pools" around the world! The aquarium was right in the middle of the pool and was filled with about 12 sharks and a bunch of different kinds fish. It was really cool being able to watch sharks swim right by my face! Within a couple of inches! The slide was pretty cool too! It twists and turns a few times before you shoot through the middle of the shark tank/aquarium! I had to ride it a few times. The pool was not crowded when I went.The Golden Nugget buffet was very good for the price. It was only $21 and they had pretty much everything. It was not as big as the Wynn or Bellagio buffets, but it is much less expensive. I had crab, fish, chicken, turkey, Chinese food, Indian food, pizza, desserts, and much more.If you want to stay downtown, then I recommend the Golden Nugget. If you want to hang out on the strip, then you might want to stay...on the strip. The drive to the strip is only about 10 minutes or so.
3	By far, the nicest hotel,in an aesthetic sense, in Downtown.  Rooms were nice and the beautiful newly remodeled pool is very cool with the shark tank in the center.  There's a long slide that can only be accessed by taking an elevator to the 2nd floor.  Please note: the height requirement is 48".  Hubby went on it and said it was fun but hard to see the sharks as you come down since it's so fast.  However, it was fun just to wade in the pool and view the sealife in the aquarium.  The illusion is cool if you're in the pool and it looks like you're swimming with the sharks.  Tip:  bring goggles to get the full effect.   Although the pool officially closes at 8 pm, there are folks getting drinks from the bar afterwards and settling in a nice cozy couch huddling near the firepits.  I heard the jacuzzi stays open until 2 am?!  You dont have to be a guest to play blackjack at the pool side tables.  We chose the Golden Nugget for the new pool and their reputation for being a choice hotel.  It was nice but I give it 3 stars only because I don't have reason to stay again since my son was over swimming after an hour!  The valet service was a bit rude.  Other than that, this is a nice hotel for first time visitors or those who like to play in downtown and want to stay at a nicer place.
5	This review is for the lunch buffet.The location is nicely located above the renovated pool area.  I enjoyed watching the shark tank while enjoying my meal.  It feels like a strip casino even though it is in the heart of downtown. The waitress was attentive and friendly.  I liked she brought me two sodas so I always had one full as I was drinking the other.The cost was a little high, $11 for lunch, but not unreasonable.  I thought the selection was on the sparse side, maybe I am used to larger serving areas.  From the items I selected my favorite were:  smoked salmon, crab salad, cream of mushroom soup, mac & cheese, brisket, fried catfish, and had a cream puff for desert.  The only thing I didn't like were the mozzarella balls.  They were mushy and flavorless.I was going to give this a 4 star, because I like to reserve the amount of fives i give, but can not think of a reason why it does not deserve a 5.  So five it is.
3	I've been staying at the Golden Nugget for a week now for work, and I have to say I'm a bit disaappointed with the rooms.  This hotel is supposed to be a four star hotel, but it's really a three star in my eyes.  The beds are pretty uncomfortable, and the mattress pad they have on my bed doesn't even fit the bed.  Further, they have just a flat sheet on top of the mattress pad rather than a fitted sheet, and when I called housekeeping, I was told they didn't have any fitted sheets.  Sounds really anal, I'm sure, but the sheet kept coming off the bed overnight.The A/C is loud, and the plasma TV doesn't have any HDMI inputs so I can hook up my laptop, which seems like a really sad angle to make you buy their movies.  There's also no outlets near the bed, which is really annoying.  Again, just not what I expect from a 4 star hotel.The rest of the hotel/casino is great.  It's definitely the nicest one downtown, and  the food in the diner is delicious -- try the open faced turkey sandwich.
1	I have no idea what the fuss is about this place.  On many, many websites, they advertise that they have flat screen TVs and that the hotel has been upgraded and remodeled and IT HASN'T!Actually, it's happening Right Frickin' Now.  How do I know, you ask? Because I was woken up by a god forsaken jackhammer tearing up some piece of concrete at 7 AM on Saturday AND SUNDAY!  With absolutely no regard for their guests, they book rooms on the side of the hotel that this insanely loud noise is going on.  When I brought it up to the front desk, the girl was on the phone, RUDE, didn't let me finish what I had to say.  Only responding that she would put a note in our file to switch our rooms at noon on Saturday.   Well they switched our rooms, 6 doors down, on the same side of the hotel!  We had to get ANOTHER room switch.  The upgrades they claim to have are not true.  At least not on the South Tower.  UGHI hate this place.  Here are REAL photos of what is going on at the Golden Nugget.Don't stay here.  You are better off paying less for a similar 3-star hotel nearby with none of the nonesense or paying more and staying at a better hotel.  Or squatting at some rundown abandoned building down the road. BOO Golden Nugget!
4	If I were to stay downtown, the Golden Nugget would be the destination.This was my first experience of Old Vegas - arriving in a taxi and sweeping into the place through the front doors, you are half-expecting to see James Bond and Plenty O'Toole at the craps table, or Tiffany Case with her hair piled on top of her head wearing a beautiful "nothing."  In fact, in DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER, the Golden Nugget, along with the rest of Fremont Street, is prominently displayed, in all its neon glory, during the infamous car chase scene.  The casino decor is beautiful and understated in a way that the casinos on the Strip are luxurious and overwhelming - seriously, you get a bruised instep and blisters walking through the newer hotels.  People come here to gamble and for the cheap eats, which is what Vegas is supposed to be, not for mom to be pushing strollers through the airport terminal-like casino while daddy is blowing great wads of cash in the private rooms, plus here the cocktail waitresses don't have to cross a football field to bring you a singapore sling or john daly.Give the Golden Nugget a shot, just to say you've been here, even if it's just for a drink and a quick fix at the tables.  You might actually enjoy losing your money here.
2	Compared to most of the hotels in London this place is a treat.. but for Vegas it was pretty Ghetto. We had booked a room for 3 adults with 3 single beds, but after a long wait checking in we found out our room had 2 double beds. They offered to bring up a fold away bed and we agreed. The bed wasn't bought to us until we went back to ask for it the next day. The day after that the maid told us that we weren't supposed to have the fold away bed in our room - but she wouldn't say anything if we didn't! The hotel itself is alright, theres of course a casino area with slots and machines, a small giftshop, and a great Japanese restaurant which I ate at twice. The pool area was lovely.But here's the warning: DO NOT attempt to make any long distance calls! My friend called London and had a conversation which lasted no longer than our check-in process (I cant remember how long exactly, but it was literally just a few minutes) and was charged almost $150! EXTORTION!!!
4	This is the nicest hotel downtown, but I would never stay there.  My mom would enjoy it immensely.  However, their pool is spectacular.  A two story, curvy water slide that goes through a clear tube through a shark tank?  Jumanji!!!!
4	This is by far the nicest place to stay if you're staying downtown. The Golden Nugget seems to be the only place on Fremont street that is actually trying to improve themselves to attract more business. For instance, they have Vic and Anthony's steak house, and the Asian themed restaurants (the sushi place, Red, is awesome). Not to mention they have two Starbuck's. They also added a new tower with updated rooms and a new seafood restaurant. This year, we stayed in the North tower, which was a step up from the South tower where we stayed last year. The room was somewhat nicer. We asked for a non smoking room, which we got. The problem is, all of the rooms in the older hotels used to be smoking rooms and you could tell the moment you walked in the door. Within 10 minutes of entering the room, my nose started running and my eyes started watering. Next year, we're going to try to stay in the new Rush tower. If you plan on staying downtown, this is definitely the only place you want to stay.
5	Still one of my fave deals in Vegas. Especially with the new Rush Tower. It's like a fancy schmancy Strip room that would be $300 per night, but here it's only $80/night, plus you get an awesome view of all of the city, and there are $5 Blackjack tables.
1	When I called to upgrade from South tower to Rush the operator tried to sell me access to "VIP" checkin, where I could skip "lines" and would be guaranteed a king bed I had originally reserved...this for an additional $20.  Thanks, but no thanks....I looked in the VIP booth and apparently what was given out for that extra $20 was bottles of juices and water the likes you can get at wal-mart for 79 cents....at checkin at 1 pm there was no line at the main desk...a drop dead blonde with half her fake boobs exposed worked the desk...and said the room had a view of the strip....it did...sort of....you could see the south tower as well as side of another hotel and the Strat and Trump tower and Rio and Palms in the distance but almost nothing on the strip as the young model clerk stated.Room was nice...TV was 42" but only had local channels and a handfull of cable...no HBO....but I saw that the cabanas in the pool area had TVs with almost 100 channels....wtf??Soon after checkin I had to get a six-pack of beer and another bag out of the car and on the way back to the room I stopped by the "H2O" pool and hot tub facility, and I asked where the towel area was and a "security" employee brusquely said "not with that beer."  Excuse me..I did not see any signs as to what is prohibited at any entrance to this area.  I was planning to go to the H2O after I dropped my items off in the room anyway. The next evening at 8 in the evening I returned and entered the main pool.  As I approached the fountain, this same individual I had dealt with the previous day rudely told me, "Buddy this is closed."  Hotel employees do not call guests "buddy"; I am not his buddy and I found that offensive.  "Sir" is more appropriate.  Tool may have been supposedly trying to do his job, but it was apperent he was on a power trip.   said "I'm easy to get along with."  No sir, I don't know you and don't care to, and you were trying to be a horse's ass to a paying customer and guest who had spent a lot of money in rooms and other hotel facilities to that point.  He wanted me to go to the upstairs pool, but I did not want to interrupt the young girls and their Olympic training session. I specifically wanted to go in the fountain pool, away from the fustercluck of the hot tub and upstairs.    Upon exiting, I threw the towel back into the pool for douchebag to fetch. Fault also lies with the hotel.  Again, I did not see signs at any point of entry in the H2O area indicating this area was closed nor for items that were prohibited or other rules, and if there were or had I seen any I would have abided by these. Also, barricades would have been helpful if the hotel was to discourage anyone from entering that pool at that time.  This affected my stay at the Golden Nugget adversely and because of this KGB agent wannabe's rude actions, I did not enjoy my stay.  I ceased spending any money at any of the hotel's facilities from that point.
2	It is fine. I think Charlie Brown's Christmas tree even looked nice at night with the lights on. That is my review of Vegas.      Best place to stay downtown. Pool is cool with shark tank, small area and no privacy if you don't want to pay for it. If all you want to do is gamble. This place is fine. The casinos look and smell alike, that would be like your grandma's basement who smokes to much. Just remember the money you bring to Vegas stays in Vegas. The room was just like any 2 or 3 three star hotel. It seemed clean and the staff was fine.
4	If you are going to stay in downtown Las Vegas, this is the best option. We stayed in the new Rush Tower and it was on par with some of the nicer strip hotels. Here's a summary: 1) The entire new Rush Tower is Non-Smoking. 2) The $20 trick worked. If you don't know what that is, google it. 3) The TVs have HD channels available. Some hotels have these expensive HDTVs and no HD reception. We watched the football game in the room. I took off a point because the shower didn't work 100% properly, but it was not unusable. Another point off for housekeeping banging on our door at 3am because they thought we ordered a refrigerator. But, the room was upgraded and comped, so I wasn't too bothered by it. Overall, 3.5 stars.
3	Last time I was at this hotel is when Michael Jackson was still black! That's right, back in the late 80s! To my recollection, nothing new has really happened to this hotel besides a 2nd floor which is where the buffet is at now.
5	Stayed here for 3 nights last summer for $100. What a great deal for a wonderful property! The rooms are nice (ours had a small vanity with a light up mirror) and the staff is pleasant, but what I really love is the pool area. My bf and I like to hang out Downtown, and when it's warm out we go get some food and sit in the pool chairs to eat and watch the fish swim, or to practice our Blackjack. Those pool chairs are more comfortable than the beds at Binion's (look up my review)! Also, they offer coupon books depending on your reservation, which have good deals. I like the Carson Street Cafe, which is featured in the coupon book.My bf's parents recently stayed in the new Rush Tower so we got to see what the new rooms look like. All I can say is, wow. Modern, classy, and warm, all in one. The room and bathroom are luxurious while still being comfortable. It has a very warm feeling inside, offsetting the feeling of staying in a hotel in Vegas. What I REALLY loved about the new rooms are that instead of having a random chair or 2 to lounge in, there was a corner leather couch located directly next to the window. You can sit in comfort and enjoy the great view. They had a view of the Strip, facing south, that looks really cool at night. The only negative I'd say are the gambling odds. GN is the only place Downtown with Strip odds, so gamble elsewhere.
4	tacky name, nice hotel.  definately didn't know what I was getting but it was cute and I was pleasantly surprised.  It's on fremont a kind of cool area but you won't find as many young people in my opinion.  The pool area is pretty cool they have this slide it's clear and you slide through sharks and fish it's really neat. definately a good budget hotel
5	The Golden Nugget is the quintessential, classic Las Vegas hotel AND with the brand-spanking new Rush Tower - why would you want to stay anywhere else?  I recently stayed in the Rush Tower. My room was very contemporary. 1 very cozy King, made up in crisp clean white cotton. There was a nice leather chaise sofa, big entertainment wall with a 42" flat screen and a separate CD component. A bonus for me since I happen to carry a small collection of my favorite CD's everywhere I go.  The bathroom was really nice. Contemporary. Rich, deep browns contrasting with a big, white rectangular ceramic sink and huge matching bath tub. It fits two average sized people perfectly ;) The glass doors on the shower and on the doors leading into the bathroom are tastefully decorated with thick horizontal frosted lines.  The vanity mirror was enormous and very glamorous. I already have a hard time tearing myself away my reflection as it is and with this vanity, it was even worse ;) Separate toilet. Plenty of nice big, white, fluffy cotton towels and two comfy white cotton robes. Service was a little slow checking in, but the lobby is really nice. I didn't mind the wait much. There's a big gorgeous fish tank in the bar behind the check-in desk with lots of beautiful fish and coral. Reminded me of home because I'm a mermaid :)The pool is super cool with a clear glass tunnel slide that goes right through the fish tank. The patio surrounding the pool is very nice and relaxing with plenty of comfortable seating and it's not hard to find somewhat of privacy. I love the location of the Golden Nugget.  I like staying downtown the best when I'm in Vegas. It's way more chill and there's a few good bars you can walk to including my fave, the Griffin. I have some pics of the room in a blog if you want to check them out. www.myspace.com/bittersweet106
5	Gotta luv the G-Nug! The Golden Nugget is hands-down the nicest hotel in the downtown area. I prefer downtown when I'm in the mood for a gambling/drinking trip to Vegas vs. an upscale shopping/clubbing trip - for that - you go to the strip. The check-in process was slow but after that service was not an issue. I did not stay in the upgraded tower but my friends did, the only difference between regular rooms and upgraded rooms is the decor, the rooms are the same size. Personally, I wouldn't spend the money for the upgraded room. In our case (Superbowl weekend) there was a $100 per night difference. We pre-booked our rooms using a travel website and when we checked in they informed us that the price per night had dropped and we were issued a refund, pretty cool, right? Score. The casino is pricey but they do have a really fun and really cheap virtual poker/ black jack game - try it! The Rush Lounge is also fun for a cocktail and the Grotto makes a dynamite lasagna!Like I said ... Gotta Luv The G-Nug!
5	Best hotel ever.The location is perfect, the price is usually just right, the pool is the best in the entire world, the rooms are nice, the people are nice...It's a winner!
4	I stayed here for my 30th b-day 2 years ago, and again this weekend, and loved both times. I know what you are thinking, "eww, Fremont St?" But Yes. This hotel is the best one downtown and has been fully renovated. It's lovely inside, has a warm interior, plenty of restaurants and lounges and doesn't feel old school at all. Our king size bed was SO comfy, and we even jumped on it a little. :) I love how all the hotels are going Euro style now with plush white linens and duvet covers, no more tacky flowered bedspreads, hooray! Only bummer was that our room was close to the ice machine, so we kept hearing this weird noise. It was a little annoying, but we survived. Blackout curtains, flat screen TV (which we didn't turn on once, but I just wanted to let y'all know), spacious, ipod dock in the alarm clock, it was all very nice, just as nice as anything on the strip. The pool area was cool and apparently you can swim with sharks. (It is February though, so no swimming for us.) We went to the resident club at the hotel, Gold Diggers, and while it's a little low on the quality of people quotient, it was good music to dance to and very low key, no pretentious people. :) I dug it!
4	This place used to be so ghetto. I came here for a wedding and it was SO clean. Their loft suites look right over fremont street with an amazing view at night. If you haven't been here in a while give it a chance! That is if you can live with being off the strip! One thing I love about this place is I can walk to my room with minimal casino traversing time. In bigger hotels it seems like it takes forever to get thorough the casino floor.
4	The Nugget has always been the nicest of the downtown hotel/casinos. It was actually the first hotel I stayed in in Vegas and it was nice - even back then. They had decent table games, slots, and a decent restaurant or two. It was a good place to stay for the money if you were willing to stay downtown. Fast forward to about 2006. The Nugget is the first casino to start some big-time renovations after being purchased in late 2005. New owner puts $320 million total into three phases which finished in November 2009. What a transformation! The rooms were updated, many new restaurants were added, they built an upstairs with a new nightclub, renewed/installed a poker room, and installed a huge pool with slide and aquarium in the old center garden area. Additionally, they also added a new tower of rooms. With all of the changes this is now a great place to hang out downtown. There is a lot to offer including some good restaurants. Since the initial renovations started, other hotels in the downtown area are starting to follow suit and get rid of some of the old, smokey grossness and opt for a new face-lift. Good job Golden Nugget - way to lead the charge! If I found a great deal, I would definitely stay here. It would be a nice place to stay in the summer to take advantage of the pool area since it's a smaller setting than some of the mega-resorts on the strip. I know I'll be back for the food and gambling at the cheap-o tables. See you there...
4	Oh, the fond memories I have here! This is the first hotel I stayed at in Vegas when I was 12 years old. Ive stayed here a total of 8 times. I really like the Golden Nugget. The rooms are clean and nice. The indoor/outdoor pool party with the water slide is freaking AWESOME!!!!! If you stay here, you must visit the pool which is right next to one of my favorite restaurant/cafes - Carson City Cafe. I always have a great experience here.
4	I call bluffs.A late-night "we could go to California" suggestion ended with my "...or Vegas," and before I knew it, my handsome companion and I had a room booked at The Nug (thank you, Hotwire) and were on the road. I was expecting typical Fremont Street Filth and to be calling this place "Golden Fuggit" or "Golden Suggit" by the end of our stay, but the room was actually lovely, huge and comfortable with high-end furnishings and a nice bathroom.  I hate The Strip's congestion and since my Vegas activities rarely involve The Strip, I tend to stay downtown; The Nug rooms are definitely not as poopy as The Plaza's (Biff's!) or other Fremont hotels, closer to say, a Station property.  Super clean carpets and no musty smells.  Hotwire's rating was four stars and I pretty much agree.  Parking is easy and free, and you're right in the middle of all the Fremont freakiness.They checked us in hours early, too.  The indoor pool (The Tank) is feeching tight.  The casinos and restaurants were all so much better than I had ever expected.  Love.Golden Chuggit.Golden Huggit.GORDENNNNNNN
5	We have been going to this hotel for 10 years now and LOVE it!  We have stayed at the fancy strip hotels from time-to-time and we always return to the Nugget.You don't have to walk a mile to find a restroom, or the elevators and everything is so affordable so you can spend your money on something else.We recently stayed at the new Rush Tower and it was FAB!  The rooms are so beautiful and bathroom is complete with a soaking tub built for two.  The pool is amazing and so is the Pool Manager Cally, get a cabana, you'll love it!We highly recommend this hotel and the whole Freemont Experience!
4	Pleasantly surprised! So much better than I thought it was going to be on Fremont Street.  We stayed in the new Rush Tower and the rooms were very nice.  The food options were pretty good.  The Grotto and the grill next to the sports book were yummy.  I didn't make it to the Buffet and I didn't enjoy the cafe.I didn't see the drink ladies much while I was gambling, so that was kind of a bummer.  And the drinks seemed a little more expensive here than at the other casinos, but then again, this is the nicest casino on Fremont, so I guess that makes sense.  Just pop over to another casino grab a drink and head back.  With every casino being so close to each other, it is easy to do!The pool was awesome and the casino was just the right size.  Not too big, not too small.  Golden Nugget is the only hotel I would stay at if I were staying downtown.
3	Over all, not bad. We book our stay on a whole sale site and got a fair price of about 45$ a night. So, for a 4 star hotel  we felt it was a good deal. Entering the Lobby/CasinoThe lobby and courtyard is very lively. The pool area is in the center courtyard. It takes you by surprise at first when you realize its the pool area. Not just a pool but a water slide and rock fountain. Its very nice.Rooms Location and optionsWe paid $10 for an upgrade to the Gold tower that sits over the Casino. Apparently there is a cheaper tower and a newer tower as well. I am not sure what the cheaper room would have been, but our room was very nice. and BIG... well for a hotel room. I am sure reviews will very based on the level of room and tower you stay in.  The gold tower was great for us due to the location. The elevators are right near check-in, Fremont street and restaurants. The other two room towers were located some distance away. One was even across the street. So if you dont feel like walking an extra 1000 yards to get to your room keep that in mind. Room:The room was Large and clean. The decor was ok. Nothing over the top. It did not meet the level of luxury but it was not shabby. The walls seemed think and well sound proofed. There is a gap under the door and the entry way is tile, so this lets any noise from the hallway into the room. We actually ended up putting a rolled damp towel under the door to keep the noise out. Bathroom was Small and nothing special.Bed:Bed was ok. Not worthy of a 4 star hotel. The worst thing was the Pillows! YUCK! At first we were pleased to see more than  6 pillows on the bed.  Sadly the pillows squish so flat its like sleeping on a folded sheet. We actually had a hard time sleeping do to this. I ended up folding all my pillows in half and wrapping them in a sheet to get enough support. Amenities:There are none. Simple as that. No fridge, no microwave. So forget about bringing leftovers back. The TV was a nice 42in flat screen, but only basic cable, no movie channels. The internet fee was $13 per night, PER laptop. I had to do some work the first night we were there. I tried to use the wireless and it was useless. The signal strength was great, 4 bars, but not even google home page would load. I tried for a hold our to get the hotel wifi to work and finally gave up. I had to sit at the desk with a wired connection instead of relaxing on the bed. For $13 a night they should at least make the Wifi usable.  The wire connection was at fast at least. Shady charges?When we were going to check out I viewed my bill on the TV. I was shocked to see it over $120! Our room was prepaid and the only charge that should apply was the room service, $10 upgrade fee and one internet charge. for each night they had room tax, and three internet fees, as well as some odd fee for $33.98 each night. I went to the front desk to check out and question the fees and taxes. I reminded her that my trip was pain online inducing taxes already. and that I only used one day on one laptop for internet.  I was very nice and asked what the $33 charge was. She typed in a few things and printed out another summer and the total was down to about 45$. I said, ok... but what is this $33 fee on here? She looked at it again and kind of mumbled "of it shouldn't be" and printed out another summery. It was now only just over $3.00. Not 30... 3. I was a very confused. I was happy she took of the changed, but I was just asking a simple question. She even took off the room service and laptop fees. So, thats a good thing... but it makes me wonder how many people have checked out and not questioned the charges. Over all:I have to say we left happy. There were some draw backs, but for the cost and the location, and compared to other old downtown hotels, this is the best of them. It would have gained 4 stars if not for the shady dealings and crappy sleep.
5	I had a blast here at the Rush Tower. I was meeting some friends on the Strip and came in a day early, and since I hadn't even been downtown in about 8 years, I decided to spend a night here. Booked a corner junior suite for the unreal rate of $89 and it was one of the hotel bargains of my life. Large open space with a comfy sectional leather sofa and flat-screen, table with two chairs, and actual entryway with decor. Bed is fine and there's another flat-screen facing it. Only room layout problem is that the closet is all the way across the room from the drawers. The bathroom is long if a touch shallow, but there's still plenty of space and it's very attractive in that modern Asian style. The wallpaper that's patterned to look like tile was maybe a touch tacky, but no matter. I was very pleased. (The tub and shower aren't separate, which isn't my preference, but the tub is still wide and deep enough for a good soak.) The vibe of the rooms is sort of like THEhotel at Mandalay Bay, only done with the choicest stuff from Pier One instead of custom-designed originals. Some have complained about check-in waits and front-desk service. I arrived about 11:15 and was the eighth party in line. There were two people working and it took less than ten minutes to get to the desk. The staff person took the time to meet my room requests (high floor, not facing Fremont) and was very friendly. Only other hotel service encounter was when the DVD player didn't work and the engineer knocked himself out to get it replaced promptly, even going down to housekeeping himself to get a new player rather than waiting for them to bring it. Tried Chart House for lunch. Food is very good, not great, but the lobster and shrimp spring rolls were quite nice, the staff was pleasant, and the aquarium is spectacular for just sitting and gazing. Had dinner at the bar at Vic & Anthony's and the staff was superb, as well as the steak. I'd put it as the second-best steak I've had in Vegas, just behind Carnevino at the Palazzo. I paid the $20 to upgrade to The Hideaway part of the pool area, and it was worth it. No trying to find a lounge chair (they're assigned), no screaming kids, and faster drink service. This is the way to do a Vegas pool. If you want full sun through the afternoon, try to get them to give you a chair closer to the Strip end of the pool. Shade hit about 3pm on the other side. There weren't many downsides. This is not a Strip level of luxury or facility, but it's still a very nicely-run hotel. Did hear from several that the Rush Tower blows the other towers away, so book there. The casino layout is a touch confusing but manageable. Other notes from the area: Casino staff at Binion's was very friendly, bar staff at Binion's Steakhouse was not. It's worth walking down a couple of blocks to take a look at the restored signs that are part of the Neon Museum exhibit. There's a CVS a couple of blocks away for any forgotten items. Lastly, tried Bell Transportation's shared van service from the airport. Sure, you have to stop a few times along the way, but at $8 to downtown vs. $30+ in a cab, it's a steal.
4	The shades of classic Vegas are best exemplified by Golden Nugget.  Of all of the older casinos along Fremont, the Golden Nugget has renewed itself with a significant makeover earlier this year, making it one of the top casinos (if not THE top casino) in the downtown area.The casino seems slightly more expanded, with more slot machines in various areas than before.  They've also increased some of the table games load and there seems to be a good mix of games / limits for high and low rollers alike.  Comps here are far easier to achieve than any strip casino, though most players should know this.  Overall the casino staff has been accommodating, though I think the cocktail waitresses are looking a little old to be skimping around for tips.The rooms in the North and South tower are unbelievably nice, especially after the recent renovation.  Anyone who has stayed here in the last two decades will recognize the key changes made in all rooms from suites to standard deluxes.  One end has incorporated a modern, contemporary theme and the other still retains the old luxurious theme, reminiscent of a mini-Bellagio but with a much cheaper price tag.Though the general demographic here is most certainly going to be older, Gold Diggers is the only nightlife venue to attract a younger crowd.  At least the dining choices feature a good amount of variety, with the Buffet and Vic & Anthony's earning my biggest nods.If I had to stay anywhere downtown, the Golden Nugget would be my first choice.  It's recent changes and new additions are good enough reasons to make this casino one of the better choices downtown.
4	The nugget is GORGEOUS! I stayed here my past Vegas vacation and I was so impressed. I went to the pool & I highly recommend if you want to relax to splurge and pay the extra $20 to lounge at the hideout at the pool. No kids, no obnoxious people just sun and calm. It made my vacation perfect.I didn't do much gambling at the nugget (I prefer cheaper tables) but the service at the bars and restaurants was amazing!  I would easily stay at the Nugget again!
4	The Golden Nugget is an excellent value, especially when you join their players club online and receive a $39 room special.  We stayed in the Carson Tower, which I believe is the oldest of the three followed by the Gold Tower and the Rush Tower, which is the new and very up to date tower.Check in was easy and we always used the valet for parking.  Tip: Call down from your room to request your car, then it will be waiting for you when you get downstairs instead of you waiting for it.THE ROOM:  The Carson Tower room was perfect for what we were after, basically a clean, quiet place to crash after a hard day or night on the town.  Bathrooms were average sized with granite counters and a nice selection of toiletries.  The room itself wasn't exactly dated, but it is definitely not as sleek and modern as the newer rooms on the Strip or the Rush Tower rooms.  But let's face it, you're staying downtown for a reason, and that reason is that you can spend 4 nights downtown for less than 1 night on the Strip!THE POOL: Very nice!  Has a fast water slide that runs through a huge shark tank, and has a nice shallow area with special lounge chairs for sitting in the water.  There is cocktail service and a walk-up bar at the pool, as well as 4-5 blackjack tables that are staffed throughout the day.  Take the stairs or elevator up to the Hideout Pool and spend $10-$20 for the day to have a more private, quiet experience.The Nugget has a lot more bars and restaurants located throughout since my last stay there in 1997.  We had lunch at the Grotto near the pool one day during their happy hour and the pizza was pretty good; for $6 you got a 12" thin crust pie.Overall, the Golden Nugget is a Strip hotel located Downtown.  It is by far the best of the Downtown hotels, and would probably get into the top 15% of Strip hotels for amenities and service, but the best part is that it's about 75% cheaper than any of those Strip hotels.So if you're looking for a very nice, clean, friendly place to stay in Vegas, and don't mind the extra 5 minute drive to Downtown, stay at the Nugg and use your savings to gamble or splurge!  I highly recommend the Golden Nugget.
2	Don't get me wrong, it's a very very nice place to stay!  but I just think that they have some room for improvement.  The room was very nice, with a good-size LCD tv.  I slept quite well, and had no complaints about noisy neighbors or anything.but they screwed up our reservation and had to find us a room in another, older tower (which was still pretty nice).  but it was CONFUSING to find ... you really have to know what tower you are staying in!  they were working on the floor by the elevators, so they kept telling us to go around some other way, and they had a little narrow aisleway that would get jam-packed with people trying to get off the elevator smashed up into people trying to get on the elevator.  not so cool.The table minimums were too high for my liking, especially for a downown casino!  yet the tables were still so full, I couldn't find a place to join in anyway.  I spent most of my time gambling in the neighboring ones.Actually, now that I think about it, I'm docking them another star.  I started writing this with three,  but recalling everything bad has kinda pissed me off - particularly the valet, who was a Grade A jerk.  Self-parking is anything but convenient at this hotel, but it beats the hell out of their lousy valet!
4	Went to the Nugget over the passed weekend for a friends wedding and stayed to party...  I never stayed here before, but was really surprised on how clean my room was for $39 a night.  When I was helping my friend check in they were cleaning her carpets, when I went to check in they just finished changing my filter on my a/c...  Not to shabby of a room... I mean I had a huge flat screen TV, granite and tile bathroom..  I felt I should be paying more...   Plus all guest get access to an awesome pool area.  They have a live shark/fish aquarium that has a water slide that goes right through it..  They offer lounge chairs, a hot tub, pool side bar, seriously what else can you ask for.  Yes the casino part is all old and ranky, but that's ol' Vegas baby.  I did get to see the wedding chapel and for what my friend paid for her services it was a steal.  Very elegant and formal feel.  Also an after party was in a suite and can I tell you, I felt like I was walking in the Tony Montana's house in Scarface, really HOT!  The suite had a jacuzzi tube, double story loft vibe, dramatic curvy staircase,a steam shower, baday(I totally know I spelled that wrong, but whatever) , full party bar stocked with glasses, nice loud stereo totally staying there next time I go..  For reals though... don't pay the high prices on the strip, get a bargin and stay here.. I was really impressed.
4	I have been corrected. The water slide is actually three stories according to a popular traveler magazine that rhymes with Rhonda Mast.
4	We've been to LV enough times that walking along the strip just really isn't all that interesting anymore.  Downtown's pretty entertaining, safe from traffic and everything's close by.  We like playing at the "older casinos" so staying @ the GN allows us to stay at a nice place with nice rooms and walk across the way if we want the old fashioned quarter slots.  The pool area is neat with the shark aquarium & water slide.  There are concerts downtown on the weekends that are fun and the amazing light show.
4	When I think of Las Vegas, I think of the strip... and I think of fun.  I've had my fair share of trips to the LV strip hotels.  I've stayed at TI, Caesar's Palace, Mandalay Bay, Bellagio, and Venetian.  And I have no complaints about any of them.  But last week, I saw a new side of Las Vegas... I stayed at the Golden Nugget, and this place blew my expectations away!  I may even have a new favorite place to stay in Las Vegas from now on... from the bell men and reception to the maids, everyone was friendly at this place.  And the accommodations were awesome.  I had a huge room in the Gold Tower.  For $89 per night, I was a VIP.  Unlimited bottles of water were stocked on my floor, apples throughout the day, snacks in the afternoon, coffee in the morning.  An extremely comfortable bed, nice amenities in the bathroom, and access to the fitness room was included in that rate.The only things that I missed were easy access to a diet coke (no mini bar in the room or vending machine on the floor), and one of the days, I was missing shampoo.  If you stay at the Nugget, go for the Gold (or the new Rush Tower I gather in reading the other reviews).  I was in town for a quick yelpy work visit, so I didn't get a chance to explore the shark pool or casino, but there is always next time.  And there will be a next time, Golden Nugget, and hopefully real soon!
1	this hotel is supposed to be a 4 star hotel, in that respect it's terrible. Places on the strip such as MGM Grand, MGM Signature, Paris, NYNY are waaaaaaay better. compare to normal 4 star such as the westin chain, grand HYATT, Fairmont, this place still sux. nothing exciting happens on Fremont St.here are the run downs:* valet is super slow and it was 100 degree out there.* the fish tank pool sounds cool, but the lady at the gate was mean about the fact I didn't have a key because my roomate took my key and went in there early. when hanging at the pool, there were so many kids kept splashing water at us. when we moved, they followed us.* the room is small, small bath room, small bed (smaller than a full in the double room, not sure what size are those). * no frig. * lighting in the room was dim, which made it hard for a group of us girls to get ready.* the TV remote didn't work half of the time, I couldn't check out using that stupid TV remote. * if you call front desk, expect a long wait.* food is like Danny's at the general cafe, there are restaurants that look nicer, but we rather go eat elsewhere.* our sink was plugged up and they never came to fix it. when we complained to the front desk, they offered us another room, but didn't offer to help us move or anything.  * the general ambiance of the place just reminds me of Reno, nothing Vegas about it.* the crowd here isn't older, the crowd here is mid-aged to re-tired ppl. so my advice is, the place is clean and what not. but don't expect it to be nice, the double tree is nicer. maybe it's nicer than a best western. you really do get what you pay for, so don't be fooled by the nice reviews. I will not stay here again, not even when I'm old.
1	I have never been one to feel strongly enough about a business, whether good or bad, to write a review.  However, after this weekend, I must... I must because I feel deceived and I'm angry.After extensive research and reading so many reviews, I decided to book the Golden Nuggets Hotel for a girls' weekend - it boasted as a 4-star hotel with great amenities, a shark tank pool, and awesome reviews by users.  It ranked within the top 15% of hotels in all of Las Vegas according to trip advisor (higher than that of MGM, TI, etc. on the strip).  I thought I had a pretty safe bet; what could possibly go wrong???Let me tell you what went wrong...(1) THE ROOM:  - The room was small and had the smell of "old"  because everything was old - from the carpet, linens, towels, to the furniture.  - The beds were much smaller than other 4-star hotels - thank goodness we are not curvy bodacious babes!- Our sink clogged up - we called maintenance and no one came...- There was a flat screen TV, but the remote didn't work half the time - don't even bother calling maintenance cuz they'll come up and step all over your stuff.- The knob below the shower faucet fell off.- No refrigerator- The lighting was very dim... maybe all the electricity were used to light the outside of the hotel. - Overall:  This aint nothing more than a 2-star room.  (2) THE SERVICE:The front desk and parking attendants were very nice.  Everybody else sucked!!! They all wanted their turn to snap at us.  The lady guarding the pool was especially rude and mean.  Maintenance never came up to fix our broken sink;  they did come up one time to fix a broken remote, and she was grumpy and stepped all over our stuff.  (3)  THE POOL AND RESTAURANT:The pool had a shark tank and slide... it was just ok nice.  Great  hang out for families with little kids - not so much for adults unless you want to get splashed all the time by the little rugrats -  not their fault, i'd do the same if i was 9 years old :)I ordered chicken dumpling soup from the hotel cafe, I got canned chicken... food quality would be something you get in a cafeteria or denny's... how is this 4-star???So that's my experience at the Golden Nugget - VERY VERY SUPER DISAPPOINTED!!!  It's not even comprable to the 4-star on the strip. Let's make it clear, this may be the best hotel in Fremont, but that doesn't say much at all - waaaaay below vegas standards. That begs the question:  why all the rave reviews???
5	I My favorite Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.  Best value for a 4 star hotel in Vegas.
4	I've been to Vegas many times, and stayed both on the strip, and off the strip. The Golden Nugget, by far, has been my favourite place to go to.. it's very much a home away from home for us.. Yea, its off the strip.. and I LOVE it.. Not as many drunken frat boys, with backwards baseball hats yelling "wooooo wooooo"!! Granted, it gets more and more like that, towards the evening, when the light show thing starts happening.. (which I find completely dumb, but whatever gets the masses to stare at the ceiling and drool, because some various lights are going on and off makes them happy, more power to the drones!) Anyways, back to the golden nugget.. I love this place. We booked the Gold tower room.. the TV in the bathroom mirror RULES.. nothing like doing my morning business and being able to watch C-Span.. Also, the room, which I thought was going to be a touch bigger, is still great. The bed is comfy.. Its just a very nice and relaxing room.The pool was great.. However, be careful of floating vomit.. No, seriously.. I swam into it once.. and how is it that with how many people were in that pool, no one noticed some drunk person BARFING in the pool.. Yuck! Besides the above incident, I love this place.. They treat you well there.. We decided on staying an extra night. We are planning another trip there this summer. I cant wait.
4	We were very pleased. The price was fair and included the expected amenities (i.e. Internet access), the hotel is big but not too big, the shark pool is super-cute, the buffet is nice and fairly-priced, the pizza place was pretty good too... I'll be coming back.
4	It's cheap. Off the strip. Has a shark tank/ pool/ waterslide. Comfortable, clean rooms. That's 4 stars. I had no complaints. My friends stayed at the fleabag Fiesta on the outskirts of town for $10 less a night than me. Will definitely be back.
4	First, what I liked about this place. Wife won $1000 on the Wheel of Fortune. Gotta love that. Eating oysters at the Chart House Bar Aquarium. The funny drunk couple from Iowa sitting next to us at the Black Jack table. Seems like they had a "great" cab ride from the airport! The young guy, can't remember his name, at the Rush Tower check-in who upgraded us to a better room, the young black waiter in the steak house. He was pleasant and knowledgeable. What I didn't care for was the bell boy, don't remember his name either, getting old is a b@t%h, youngish, heavy set, blond, bearded, who first was impatient delivering the bags, then completely rude when getting the car from valet. I don't enjoy dealing with people that don't like their jobs. Also, though the room was new, it was a big, dark, open room with little in it to fill the space. Poorly laid out, few electric outlets, wi-fi doesn't work, (of course), bath tub is very high, hard to get in and out of, (it's that (old) thing again. Did I say the room is very dark. It was.
5	Best place to stay in Vegas.  The Hotel/Casino is completely renovated and is very classy and hip.  Perfect location on Freemont street.  Downtown Vegas with its party/mardi gras atmosphere is the place to stay these days, the Strip has become such a bore.  The Golden Nugget is the crown jewel of Freemont street.  The only complaint that I have is that "The tank" - the pool area is waaaaaaay too small for the number of people staying in the hotel.  All of the chairs are taken by 11:00, so don't even think about trying to get a lounge chair if you are later getting out to the pool.  They do have another teeny pool on the third floor, but they charge additional for a chair there (and even those were all taken).  That said, the pool is a great atmosphere, especially at night when you can sit outside by the firepit and enjoy a couple of over-priced cocktails...but the view is worth it.
4	The pool is insane. It states it doesn't open til 10 but what you need to know is that you need to be down there at 7am to get a chair!!! I went down there at 10am and there were no more chairs or towels. The slide is the best. The pool is waaayyy to small... if you're planning on spending the dsay at the pool.. go somewhere with a larger pool :) The service within the hotel is great. Very friendly staff.
5	I'm a big fan of downtown Las Vegas, and the Golden Nugget is as good as it gets on Fremont Street! The rooms are very affordable, and pretty nice! The hotel staff is really nice too. The new Rush Tower has a separate check-in desk, so if you're staying there keep that in mind (it can take a while to get checked in at the regular desk). The Rush Tower rooms are a little more expensive and and little more fancy - they have massive bathrooms which are pretty cool. It all depends on what you're looking for - but in Vegas, I spend very little time in the hotel room, so the nicer rooms don't really matter to me.As far as food, there is pretty good food available in the Golden Nugget. At the pool, you can order sandwiches from the bar, and they're really good (you can also charge the food to your room so you don't have to bring cash with you to the pool). There's a Italian restaurant called Grotto inside, close to the check-in desk and pool. Grotto is really good too, but pricey ($10-$30 plates). If you get the meatballs, be warned - they are about the size of baseballs, so go when you're really hungry! The buffet is OK for breakfast, I've never tried it for dinner though.They have the coolest pool I've ever seen - there's a shark tank in the middle of it, and a water slide that goes through the middle! Cabanas are available too, but you'll want to reserve one in advance.Personally, I think the slot machines in downtown Vegas pay better than the ones on the strip. I always seem to do much better on Fremont Street. Last time I was at the Nugget, I won $900 on one machine and $600 on another, in the same day!
4	There is no better place to stay in Downtown. Period.And it's not like it's a "little bit" better than the other choices. It's night and day. Golden Nugget is like "The Strip Lite" in Downtown.Clean and classy. All rooms are nice, and the Rush Tower is even better. (I like the contemporary decor, but the more traditional feel of the other rooms is just fine!)As others have said, the pool is awesome. And the adults-only sun area is great for avoiding tan lines. You'll be peeped at, of course, but hey, that's what happens when your bo*bs are out.I'm not a big gambler, but the casino is very nice. Good selection of slots, well-run table games.
4	If only this buffet had a slightly larger selection I'd have given it 5 stars. So don't think I am knocking it, this may now be my favorite buffet - for the money - in Vegas.$18 a head for dinner gets you new, clean surroundings and a friendly staff. The selection is good, but not outstanding. However everything I tried was at least good if not great. There were a few notable surprises- the BBQ chicken pizza for example was outstanding!So, head on over to the Golden Nugget, hang out at one of the most awesome pools in Las Vegas, and gorge yourself at the buffet.  You won't regret it.
4	Just stayed at the Golden Nugget during my first trip to Las Vegas and I LOVED it! Some people had been telling me how it was a very old hotel and how Fremont St was nowhere near the Strip so I was worried but to my pleasant surprise the hotel was amazing! We had booked a room in the Rush tower, which was very spacious and beautiful. The pool was great and the Tank was sooooo cool! I loved the slide although you go REALLY fast thru the Tank so it was a little hard to see the sharks and fish. The pool was a bit small for how big the hotel is, and our biggest problem there was finding a chair to put our stuff down on. Other than that it was great. The buffet was really good as well and pretty well priced for what they offer. The casino had a variety of slots and card games, however I only play slots so I cant speak for the card games really. The Fremont Street area pleasantly surprised me, too. I was worried at first about being far from the Strip, but after a night on the Strip, my friends and I were all ready to go back to Fremont St! Its a fun area with much less walking than the Strip and better prices for food and drinks, too. The only real problem we had at the GN was we had booked a room for 4 people with 2 queen beds. However when we got there, they told us they only had rooms with king beds left in the Rush tower. We really wanted to stay in that tower, so we asked them to please bring us 2 cots at least since they couldn't provide us with the amount of beds we needed, and they said they could only bring 1. We were kind of upset about this because we had paid for a room that would have beds for everyone and instead someone had to sleep on the couch. All in all, however, it was a GREAT hotel, loved the location, and I would be more than willing to stay here again on my next trip to Vegas!
4	Although it took an hour to check in, the hotel and surroundings are great. The pool with the sharks and piranas were shocking. You can water-slide through the centre of the 100,000 thousand gallon shark tank. You can also sit in the same body of water separated by glass and enjoy a great diversity of drinks (and people) Oh, the p[people watching! What a fabulous place to see everyone letting down there hair.I didn't know anything about the Fremont street experience until exiting the back of the hotel through the casino, and boom! we were all of a sudden in the middle of a huge music-amped street party with the biggest projection surface in existence. With live bands every 2-3 blocks, it was party time. I wish I would have packed a camera that first night. Everything was a novelty, from the fake band KISS to the huge Queen retro show. After having a hoot there, going to the 'real' strip was almost a let-down, if it weren't for the cheer spectacle.
4	It started as a "Pool Day" and ended up being a nice little family "Staycation".The Golden Nugget had a $39/night special on hotel rooms.  We decided to upgrade to the brand new (opened November 2009) Rush Tower for a total of $69 on a Tuesday.  The room was pretty and clean; King Size bed, L-shaped sectional with ottoman, nice tv, raining shower head.Our day started at the 3-story pool.  OK. So it's not really three stories.  The 2nd story is lounge chairs you can rent for $20 and awesome cabanas for who knows how much. The 3rd floor has an adult (16 and up ... haha) pool with a bar and lounge chairs. Our 2-year old liked the very shallow area with the lounge chairs...unfortunately she thought they were slides and kept trying to climb them.  The pool is small, but there's an awesome shark tank feature dead center and  slide that slides through the shark tank.  I didn't get to ride it because I don't think they would have let my little girl on and the line was pretty long.  There's a snack bar and cocktail service but I don't think I would recommend it because it took FOR-EV-ER for us to get our food (2 chicken Caesar salads [soggy and they skimp on the chicken...maybe found the equivalent of 1/2 of one breast and at least 40 croutons], a hot dog and chicken fingers).  We retired to our cute room shortly thereafter.Our one-day staycation included dinner at Chart House in the Rush Tower and the Fremont Street Experience (both of which I will review separately)Bottom Line: If you want to do Vegas on a budget, try staying at the Golden Nugget downtown.  The hotel rooms are clean, the pool is decent and the strip is a short cab ride away...you may not even have to leave Fremont Street.
5	I adore this hotel now! After this weekend all I could think about was how I was going to go home and right a nice review. Well for starters, my boyfriend and I got a really nice room. The sheets were downhome comforters, the bed was really comfortable and the place was clean not to mention the room service was ridiculously good! I ordered a philly cheesesteak, he got the club sandwich and a banapie as a desert. The drinks are pretty expensive (3.25 for a can of coke) so I highly recommend you bring your own waters for the after morning thirst quenching hang over lol Anyhow, I bounced from hotel to hotel attempting to learn the game of craps. Not realizing that I would have learned it here at the golden nugget because it seemed upscale and their was a lot of money on the table I was a bit intimidated however I picked up pretty quickly and found myself at the table all night long!!! The dealers are willing to teach you how to play and the people playing are much more put together than most of the surrounding hotels ;) The cafe is really delicious as well I had fried rice and it was so tasty I came home talking about it. Not to mention the pool is absolutely gorgeous! My sister told me that it was on yahoo as one of the most beautiful pools in the world!!!  The Golden Nugget is my target: It's affordable, nice, and I feel like I really do get what I pay for. Not to mention if you have a players card (they are free) They keep track of how much you spend there and they will comp your rooms or give you free upgrades!!! First time I went I was in the pimpest suite ever! (BF plays a lot) I so heart this place... YAAAAY! Can't wait to return for my birthday? halloween? something and sometime soon!!! My hands are itching!!!
4	Cant beat $39 a night?  This is one of our fav "staycation" spots when we want to hit the town and not drive during our evening.  In the morning, relax at the pool and hit the waterslide a few times.  On busy weekends be sure to grab a spot early.
4	Golden Nugget???? What? That's what I thought when my friend said she just had the best time there. I was like "Isn't that a dive hotel on Freemont?" hahahaha.So, the Golden Nugget on Freemont has been recently renovated. No bad  old smokey casino smell anywhere to be found,  replaced by fancy decorations everywhere.We got a room in the new tower for only $65 a night and the room was beautiful. Very modern and comparable to The Hotel at Mandalay bay but for a fraction of the price. It was beautiful.The hotel is also filled with beautiful and fancy restaurants everywhere. Just walking around there made me hungry. They even have a cute chocolate boutique and other nice shops.The pool is also amazing! They have a shark tank in the middle of the pool and you can even take a water slide THROUGH the shark tank....THROUGH. It was awesome. We rented a cabana up in the Hide Out at H2O ( adults only part of pool). It was $175 for a week day and $250 for the weekend. The cabana was the way to go and the adult only pool was absolutely what we were looking for. They provide you with 2 sun chairs are room for up to 6 people. They have a flat screen TV and gave us a meat/cheese/fruit tray as well as waters. Make sure to request for the larger cabana (up to 12) it is the same price but is given upon request.All in all one of my favorite stay-cations in a while. If you are looking for a solid time check it out! You will not be dissapointed
2	I only came here for the pool. I was watching a show about the world's most fabulous pools, and the Golden Nugget's pool was featured. I am obsessed with sharks and aquariums, so I absolutely had to go see their pool with the shark tank in it! The rooms were pretty spacious, a lot bigger than a room on the strip would be, but the bathroom was so tiny!! I never realized how run-down Fremont street was. The Nug was definitely the best looking hotel down there. But back to the pool story: It was not worth it. We went down before the pool opened to save a lounge chair, but they were all gone. EVERY SINGLE ONE. Finally we had to put our stuff by a planter. The pool was really small and there were small children everywhere!! What I was stoked for was the slide, but it was super disappointing as well. It went so fast and the area with the sharks was so small that all you saw was a one second white light and it was over. Lame. We packed our stuff and got the heck out of the Nugg.
4	The Nugget was good to play a few games and drink. I think thats where I learned not to play craps and not be the only one there.
5	I must say I am very partial to this hotel and casino. My husband and I were married in Vegas five years ago and stayed at the Golden Nugget. We return on every anniversary to celebrate and sometimes go an additional two or three times a year. Our passion is playing Black Jack and we have grown fond of many of the casino staff over the years. We have met some of the greatest people there and always have a fabulous time! The hotel itself offers many great restaurants and services and I love that it is in the nostalgic downtown of Las Vegas.
4	Stayed at the Nugget since I got a pretty good internet deal. 3rd time to Vegas and after suggestion after suggestion on where to stay I figured what the heck and stay close to Fremont st.  The Nugget is on top of Fremont.. Checked in on the Rush tower side (stay there if you can) much less crowded since everyone checks in on the lower priced side and can check in to what ever room your in  much quicker! Plus looking at the giant aquarium gives the rest of your party something to look at while your filling out your info. The room  (we upgraded to the Gold Tower) was a nice size, attractive color scheme, average appointment's. Flat screen, but cable and wi - fi are xtra. Bed was super comfortable, stayed at Sheraton a week before and there was a suprising no comparison to the bed's and Sheraton was more expensive! The pool was fine, sure you may have to get there early, but that goes with just about every hotel in Vegas right? The water slide was super fun, had to wait a bit but again summer in Vegas all you do is wait for just about everything. I suggest you rent a daybed or Cabana upstairs in the H2O adult's area only if sittin by the pool is your Vegas style vaca. Lot's of families so it's well worth the $ and effort to stay in the H20 area. We hit the pool only once and got lucky, I found a chair  right away while the BF played crap's. After we swam, we sat at the poolside Blackjack table. I'm not a gambler and the empty $3 table was inviting. Won $100.00  and the dealer was super cool about my amature status! Didn't eat  at the restaurant's so can't rate them. The hotel over all is quite attractive and the staff was mostly super friendly. I have to give major prop's to the valet guy's! They took care of us!!! If you call ahead for your car by a 1/2 hour, they will have it ready to go for you when you come down. Otherwise if you have them get it  while you wait, be prepared. They are very busy and it seemed only 2 or 3 valet's were there at any give time.  They were cool about the call ahead and it was nice just going from air con hotel to air con car, Vegas in July ya feel me! The only down fall to this whole experience was the house keeping or lack thereof... First full day room was not made up at all. The hotels policy is to change the sheet's every other day which is fine. But we came back the first full day (at 01:00 ) and the room was not made up i.e. bed not made,crap on the floor and no clean towels. Called housekeeping, they were willing to come and fix room but at the early morning hour I just wanted to drop into my unmade bed. Next day and rest of stay ( 5 day's) used water glasses not replaced, cocktail glasses not removed and garbage that missed the can still on floor  hotel robes not  hung up ( I picked up after us). Toilitries replaced once. So basically housekeeping consisted of making the bed and replacing towel's. Maybe I was expecting too much of the housekeeping dept? All in all it was fine, yes the bathroom is small but how much of your vaca do you really spend in there? And yes the pool was crowded, but your not the only person that know's of this hotel. It's super popular with families. And one last thing, this location is best if you have a car. It's pretty far from the strip and the Sahara is the closest hotel with the monorail access and it's quite a distance if you walk. The area around  the Nuggetl is sketch but after driving around the area's of Las Vegas near the bigger hotels their  sketch too! Just don't go looking for trouble.
4	As much as it pains me to say this... I had forgotten how crappy the Carson Tower is. I mean, it's no Binion's, but it's not great. Stick to the Gold Tower or the Rush Tower... the Carson Tower just ain't worth it.
4	I love the glitz and feel of the downtown "old" strip in Vegas.  There is nothing better than being surrounded by lots of lights, 1 minute walks between casinos, and loose slots.If this is of interest to you, than I highly recommend the GNLV.  Being disappointed by the prices, lux, and attitudes of those on the main strip, I decided to do some research and find luxury on the old strip.Apparently, the GNLV has recently been renovated.  I decided to stay in the new Rush Tour in a King room.  I believe with AAA rate over the wknd it cost a total of $213ish.  Could not beat that considering the view we had of downtown, the cleanliness of the room, and the convenience of staying downtown.FIRST, the room.  AMAZING!  Dark cherry/burgundy wood decor and furniture aligned the walls in the bath and living space.  The bath area was like a spa, with dual sinks, vanity, huge shower head, spa tile bath, etc.  You are provided with 2 robes and slippers.  The living space is equally as nice, with super soft and comfortable bedding, an extra L shaped couch, desk with chairs, and a HUGE wall desk with lots of drawers, a flat screen, etc.  This is definitely one of the nicer hotels I have stayed in my whole life, and all for 88 bucks a night!SECOND, the hotel: The Rush Tower had its own separate check in, valet, etc.  As you check in you are greeted with a large wall sized fish tank.  BEAUTIFUL.  Surrounding your every glance are Chihuly inspired (or perhaps the real thing) glass assembles: on the ceilings, the walls, randomly scattered throughout.  There are chandeliers around each bend adding a sparkling gleam to each room.  THIRD, dining: We went to several restaurants in the GN during our stay.  The first was a teppenyaki restaurant to which I do not recall the name.  Amazingly delicious.  The second was your standard cafe/kitchen.  We went early in the morning for breakfast.  I hardly remember what the food tastes like, I was drunk.FOURTH, casino: The casino was clean, surprisingly fresh smelling, and offered a large variety of gaming.  I did not throw my money on any table games here as the minimums were $10 at each table (Binion's across the street charges $5).  I particularly enjoyed the Price is Right game (they have 3 available).  Be sure to get yourself a player's card so that you can earn rewards for your gambling.FIFTH, convenience and class: The best thing about this casino is its location.  I LOVE downtown Vegas and love the old feel that you get.  You walk right outside and see the lights of Fremont booming, live entertainment at all hours of the night, and close walking distance to all your casinos.  NOTE: I did not go swimming during my stay.  The pool seemed VERY busy, smaller than I expected, and seemed to close very early.Also, a transformer blew a mile down the road when I stayed.  All the hotels, including GNLV, lost power on the last day of my stay.  I wrote an email about my experience to management and they cordially responded to the incident with a complimentary stay.  I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.  I have not stayed in any other casino downtown, but this once seems to have a touch of the new strip, with the class and trash of the old.
5	I LOVE the Golden Nugget. End of story.Okay, okay. I'll tell you a little more. First of all, I love downtown Vegas because it feels like the LV of Elvis and Priscilla and I'm all about that. Also, if you have access to a car to take you to and from the strip, staying downtown is definitely a more economical choice. Plus, the old school vibe of Fremont Street is hard to beat.When staying at the Golden Nugget, I recommend the rooms in the Rush Tower. They are newly renovated, modern, spacious and really comfortable. Oh, and let's not forget that pool. You see, the Golden Nugget's pool is world famous and is one of the coolest things I've ever seen. A glass water slide that goes right through the shark tank located in the middle of the pool? Yep, they have it. If sharks aren't your thing, the GN now has a new pool for the 16+ crowd upstairs. As a self-proclaimed pool gal (who lives in Las Vegas, no less), take my word for it and stay at the Golden Nugget. You can thank me later.
4	2 words: RUSH TOWER!!!!!The amenities were so modern. Flat screen tvs. Rooms were pretty big! And the bathrooms had tubs, my friends and I could bathe in. SO BIG!Its great for families especially with that pool of theirs. The kids wanted to go to the pool every-single-day. There's a slide that slides between a shark tank so, that's fun!!!Attn: Hawaii people ---- YOU ALREADY KNOW WHERE TO STAY IF YOU'RE STAYING IN DOWNTOWN!!!!!!
5	Since Las Vegas does not have a waterpark anymore , and after seeing the pool on the travel channel I decided to play tourist and stay at a casino with a decent pool. It was either golden nugget or Mandalay bay. Well the rates where insane at Mandalay bay at 229 a night so we decided on the golden nugget. Now all the reviews said take the rush tower but since I wanted to stretch my money out I decided more economically and went with the Carson tower @ $45 a night including tax we were able to stay two nights for under $100 ( after all we were there for the pool) Well the Carson tower is also renovated , came with a flat screen and plush comfortable beds. I was amazed!! The pool was crowded but amazing so relaxing. I recommend golden nugget to anyone weather you live here or are visiting. Can't wait to do it again!
4	Stayed here for Fathers Day & some other time awhile back. It has come a long way for sure! The rooms are all fresh and modern. But the real reason we come here is the pool! Its an amazing waterfall pool area with a slide that whips you down through the clear tube..through the shark tank!Its super fun and you feel like a kid again and wanna run back up and do it over and over again..which is what I do!They serve some tasty drinks poolside after your done re-living your childhood ion the slide.Its a very family friendly hotel. I highly recommend & look forward to coming back again!
5	I live in Vegas, and never stayed at this hotel, but I will only tell you that I love all their restaurants here. They are amazing!! My favorite one is their steakhouse, with the beautifully marbled steaks! The service at their restaurants is excellent and so is their food!!
3	Downtown seems to be the last bastion of Old Vegas. It's where the glitz and glamor of old Vegas stands out instead of the pure majestic and outrageous magnitude that is measured along The Strip. At the same time, the old guard is trying to ramp up it's image and bring new folks down to the area with new attractions.One of the coolest things you'll see in Vegas is that they have a pool that surrounds a two-three story aquarium. You can drink and gamble at the pool, but that's nothing new to Vegas. The aquarium has all kinds of fish in it including sharks, but not only are you swimming around and looking at the aquarium! They have a water slide that goes right though it! So, you're surrounded almost 360 degrees around. Cool yeah?
2	Better than Laughlin, but that's all... We stayed at the nugget because we went to a wedding and all of the rooms were reseverved here... The hotel was probably the nicest of the hotels downtown. We stayed in the Carson tower, definately spend the extra $$ to stay in the Rush tower! It's reaaally nice and modern. Our room was decorated like a old grandmas room. Pea green carpet. Hideous floral bedspread, just colors that reminded me of my grandmas house. The mattress was nice and comfy but the pillows were so old the cotton was stiff! The water in the bathroom stunk like sulfur so bad I could barely brush my teeth! The service was good, I would just stay in the rush tower the next time, if there ever is one...
4	How do Main Street Station and Golden Gate have more stars than the Golden Nugget? They aren't even half as nice! People expect the Strip when staying Downtown, but -alas- you aren't on the Strip anymore, Dorothy!Accept the Golden Nugget for what it is - The Strip's mother's best hotel. The aquarium pool slide -- Might I point out that no hotel on the Strip has a pool anywhere near that awesome? --  and the cabana pool drinks should make up for all the little complaints.
3	This review is for the cafe:  The food was great and the staff was very polite. This casino looks much nicer than I expected for a downtown hotel.
5	Golden Nugget is the best hotel & casino in downtown of Las Vegas. It is so clean. The service was awesome. Our room was nice and is always clean in a timely matter. The casino was great too. Be sure to sign up for the new card membership and have some free money to play on any slots of your choice. (I am a winner *wink.*) Definitely one of my favorite hotel in Vegas.
3	Well let me say this was my first stay at the Golden Nugget. I had always heard such great things about it, so I figured I was in for a treat. When I made the reservation I asked all the questions - and especially since I would be arriving on a late flight, I wanted to make sure that there would not be any problems. The lady that took the reservation said she would make note, and we would be fine when we checked in so late. I also asked about how much their hold per night was for amenities, and was told $100, but it could be waived if I asked - she said she would also note that on the reservation. So just before taking off I make a last minute call to make sure that all is fine, and we will have a room when we arrive. Good thing - nothing was noted on the reservation about our late arrival!! So by the time we get to the hotel is almost midnight, and we go to check in and of course there is drama.......they don't have a clean room where we are supposed to have it, so we end up in the very back of the Carson Tower facing a wall. Not so pleased - but the room seems clean and comfortable. Now at the desk while checking in I ask again about the hold on the credit card, and tell the gentleman about the whole conversation - and that I wanted it waived because I don't use any amenities. He tells me not to worry because they are not holding it - and we head to the room. So unfortunately this time money is a bit tight, and I had only 1 card to use for the whole trip - well we go to eat, and present the card for payment.......and what happens, it is declined!! They had put a $400 hold on my card!!! I was terribly upset, and had to go back down to the desk - since you can't ever get a representative on the phone. For some reason they never answer!! So I go downstairs to speak with the Manager, and he says all the right words, and the I'm sorry's - and says he can have it credited back in the morning. He then also offers to upgrade our room to the Gold Tower - which I take him up on. Turned out to be a better view - more comfortable beds, and such. The next morning the hold money is still not back on the card - and after several calls it is finally resolved. Now we head up to the buffet, held up with all of that, and we still have about 20 minutes before breakfast is over. We head to the food stations, and they already have lunch items out. We see a few things, eggs, bacon, biscuits & gravy and grab a plate. As we get to that station - they guy behind the counter grabs the stuff and starts changing them trays to lunch. I see the biscuits & gravy sitting there, and I say "can I have one of those"?......and you will not believe what he does.....he takes the tray of biscuits and throws them away and says "breakfast is over - it's lunchtime"!!! I was furious - there was still 15 minutes of breakfast left, and he had nerve to do that. Then I hear another woman behind the counter yell the same thing at me. I got no resolution with the manager, and was completely disgusted that I had even spent my money there!! We did try the Cafe one night - food was tasty, service great. Never went to the pool - it was like a meat market!! Cute little girls serving drinks, guys staring and drunk, etc. Looked nice though! The beds in the Gold Tower were extremely comfortable!! Slept well in them! Did notice the hotel is kept very clean - they shampoo the rugs at night, and clean all the lights, good maintenance. Also the rooms are serviced well. Used the bus system to get to the Strip - there is a bus stop across Freemont St, so it was very convenient. Overall it was ok - not horrible, and not great - but would stay there again.
3	One interesting place. Stayed here for work, but it wasn't a bad experience. It just didn't have any real flair to it, but the shark tank and slide were just what I needed after a day of work.
3	Just got back from a weekend at Golden Nugget and I have to say the property is great.  A friend got comped a Spa Suite and the rest of us got a double room.  We went as a way to try downtown out.  The suite and rooms where great.  Nice beds and good decor.  I'd give them 5 stars if they where on the strip.  But they're not.  They're downtown and as much as I love being able to walk from casino to casino and all the great neon downtown is just not the place you want to be.   We are all in our 20/30s and we like to meet new people when we travel and they're just aren't a lot of people our age downtown.  Now we did have a good time at the Griffin but in the end we ended up spending a lot on taxis and still didn't get to meet people the same way we would of on the strip or even one of the off strip places like Hard Rock.  I won't be staying downtown again.
1	This one star is only for the pool. Golden Nugget on the night of September 18, 2010. -Long Check In Line -Lost Reservation -Rude and aloof service -In room air conditioning broken -Rude and aloof service -There were large squares of stained carpet, so much so that you started questioning the history of what has happened within the room -The clock was incorrectly set and the TV remote was out of batteries -The toilet leaked at the bottom and would pool up in the bathroom -Most importantly there was mold in the shower on the tiles and ceiling around the valance -Elevator broke down with people trapped within for a long period of time -Rude and aloof service and security -Room-service entered the room early in the morning on checkout day, waking us up as the chain lock caught the door -Pool hours restrictive-Downtown Las VegasI cannot warn you enough not to listen to the great reviews posted here. I booked the room based on these great reviews and had a very different experience.
5	The Golden Nugget is the best Hotel downtown.  It is also one of the best hotels in Las Vegas.  To knock the GN down because it is downtown makes no sense.  You can't pick the hotel up and move it.  Downtown is an acquired taste.  The down side of downtown is the poor people and homeless who wonder the streets and sleep on the streets.  If you would stay in the GN and never go out you would not know you were downtown.  It is insulated that well.  I stayed the the "old" South Tower.  Room is a good size bed and bathroom very well appointed.  The service as far as I asked for was prompt.  Problem with the toilet 15 mins later someone was there to fix it.  Wanted extra pillows and blanket no problem came fast.  They were so fast they missed the tip I had left for them.  The reason you stay at the GN is price to value.  You are not going to stay ANYWHERE for the price and get the quality the Nugget has to offer.  They have many places to eat, Vic and Anthony's, Chart House, Lilly's, Sushi Bar, and the Buffet.  The Buffet is the weakest of all the places.  Cannot understand how a Landry property has a bad buffet.  They are in the food business for goodness sake.  The room had a flat panel TV a clock with a docking station for your IPhone and the furniture was changed since last year.  Downtown has it advantages.1 proximity to other casinos.  Don't like the place your are  go across the street.2. It is old Las Vegas the Video Poker payouts are liberal as are the rules for blackjack3. High end eateries.  Binion's Steak house and Hugo Cellar two top tier eateries anywhere in Las Vegas4. Fremont Street Experience.  Beside the overhead show there are two live bands playing plus a DJ spinning records and a Sax player all going on at the same time.  That is a lot of action packed into a small package.
4	This has gotta be the nicest casino/hotel in the downtown area. It was at one point, one of the few highly rated casinos; not sure if it still stands. The renovated state-of-the-art pool (a few years back) is gorgeous. There are lounge chairs situated in the pool (dippers), which overlooks an aquarium with sharks and a 3-story slide that goes right through it. The Hideout for guests 16 and older, features a 2-story infinity pool and covered lounge areas. Also has a jacuzzi & H20 Bar. Cabanas can be rented for an additional fee. We hung out here for a few minutes before the show started. Nice casino floor with attention to detail- the decor is ornate. I've eaten here a few times but I don't remember at what restaurant. My husband and I saw a ballroom dancing show which was very good- kinda empty, so we got to move up with all the rest of the older folks- score! Wedding packages and Spa packages available.
4	This is the only downtown I will stay in! The rooms are nice and the food and casino are good. The best thing about staying downtown is it's comfortable. You can move from casino to casino easily, and vendors set up on the street. The light show is amazing. Things are generally cheaper here, but there is a Starbucks and Krispy Kreme! When I don't stay on the strip - I stay here!
4	I didn't stay at the Golden Nugget.  I stopped there to drop off a couple of bags with the bell desk that friends from Great BRitain leave with us when they go back to Europe.  They were coming in the day I was leaving, so I called and asked about checking their bags so they were there for them when they arrived.The bell desk woman was very pleasant on the phone and just as pleasant in person.  They took the bags, stored them, and my friends collected them when they arrived Tuesday night.
4	Water slide through a shark tank!Really nice employees. Nice rooms.
3	The look of the casino was really nice and about the same as every other casino that I entered. PRO- the buffet was decent and cheap ($12). CON- for your 'free drinks while gambling' they don't let you do sugar-free (or regular) redbull (I don't drink pop or alcohol [very often] so for me that was a bummer!)
5	Wooo-ee, A great downtown experience, and We never even left the Hotel. One look at the pictures of our room and it's easy to see why We practically never even left the room. Well, almost never .One picture  shows We did venture out to the Casino for a fling. However, We had Dinner and Breakfast in the room and kudos to room service for their fine job and excellent food. My Filet Mignon for dinner was as good as their Steakhouse,  except We could enjoy it by ourselves in our robes and I could smoke. All  this comfort and machines that were user friendly and actually still gave out Royals. Overall a great overnight experience and We were still in shape for the long 20 minute drive back to Green Valley. Will stay here again.
1	This used to be our favorite hotel. We are not normally rattled with poor situations as we are very laid back travelers. But our latest visit to the Golden Nugget will be our last.  The cleaning and bellhop staff were phenomenal as always. That being said, every other experience there was a big disappointment. The front desk staff was always rude. The staff manning the "event" table would roll their eyes when you turned down their advances. Checkout was a nightmare and nearly made us miss our flight. The final straw was when we were required to pay $10 to "rent" the plates used for our wedding cake. This hotel used to make their customers their #1 priority. I am not sure what happened, but that is not the case now.
4	LOVE it here!I do have to admit out of all the hotels on Fremont st.  This one takes the cake.I stayed here while attending a family reunion.  I booked the room with ease!  AAA members get a discount.   I watched over my grandmother who is in a wheelchair and she had plenty of room.  The staff was really nice too.The rooms are nice.  The Pool is the best!
5	Golden Nugget have a beautiful salon and spa.  If you are in Vegas and need an awesome stylist, ask for Sally!  I wait to get my haircut and style if I know I am heading to Las Vegas.
4	Definitely a four star for the Downtown area.  Only a three if comparing to other locations on the strip.   I prefer the "feel" of the Fremont Street area over the strip....makes me feel like Vegas use to be.  Even better with a 35 year blackjack dealer veteran dealing at my table!We stayed in the Gold Tower and the room was nice.  Starting to get a bit dated, but overall well worth the room rate.  I am spoiled when it comes to beds and rarely do I find a bed that meets my expectations in a hotel room.  This place did.  Pillow top mattresses with down comforters, the beds rocked. This trip was business, however I spent some time checking out the pool area and it would be very family friendly if I brought my family to Vegas.  (Not Likely)  The shark tank and water slide puts this one over the top.Overall a stay that was worth the $$.  Even better that their black jack tables paid the bill!!!
5	You know Downtown has changed a lot and with it the old Golden Nugget has been able to keep up pace with the newer "branded" hotels. You can get class here even when in the trash of downtown and for cheap too!
2	Ewww.  I feel dirty even thinking about our trip down to the Golden Nugget (and the rest of Fremont street).    It's dirty, smelly, and about as trashy as you can imagine.  Why is this place still open---and for that matter, any place downtown?
5	I used to be a Strip Snob.  If my hotel wasn't on the strip, I wasn't going to Las Vegas.  Being coerced by friends to buy cheap packages to Vegas, I succumbed myself to staying at The Main Street and The California Hotel.  Both locations, I prefer not to head back to, unless I have no choice.  Mainly because there are no poker rooms at either casino.  I've always heard that Golden Nugget was "THE BEST" downtown hotel to stay at.  OK, being the Strip Snob that I am, let me check it out and make my own decision.After the first time I stayed at the Nugget, years ago, I have been sold!  Strip Snob no more.  I am a Golden Nugget Snob!  I just LOVE this location!  It's centrally located downtown and the casino is beautiful.  They have an awesome pool where they have a slide you go through where you can whiz through sharks swimming in the tank, the food is good and the POKER ROOM is awesome!  This is by far my favorite poker room because the friendly dealers make it so welcoming and even when I was only going to Vegas once every half year to quarter, they would still remember me.  Now when I walk in, I feel like Norm from Cheers when the old-timers pop their heads up and say hi.  The rooms are very spacious and although I haven't stayed in the new Rush Tower yet, all the rooms I've been in have ample space.  The only thing I would suggest is that if this is your first time to Vegas, go experience the Vegas on the Strip, what you see in the movies.  When you become a regular like me where the view is not a big deal and you want to be at a place where you don't have to wait a half hour for valet to get your car, come to the Nugget.  It's really my home away from home.
5	Great value! Crazy cheap rooms. Clean and modern rooms that can compete with strip casinos. The pool is pretty cool and the gaming floor is sleek and up to date. It is the best casino/ hotel in the old strip. The rooms are spacious and comfortable, especially the beds! Clean and good service. They made a mistake on my room and quickly fixed it with a instant room upgrade! Excellent service!!! They have made a dedicated customer, I will be staying with them whenever I get a chance!
4	I really like this place for it's nostalgia, since it's the Golden Nugget of back in the days of the Rat Pack, but they've remodeled a lot of the casino to cater to the younger crowd, just as Oscar Goodman is trying to do wiht the entire down town. The interior is designed closely to what Red Rock looks like with the carpeting and ceiling decorations. They have these "party pits" like what they have on the modern day strip, but they don't dance or anything, just a lot of cleavage on the dealers. They have a huge fish tank once you walk in from Valet. Also, they have this funky water slide in the pool area that just so happens to go through the shark tank that they have there and you can see it from the hallway of the casino. They pool area does look small but it's got modernized decor.I'd love to stay here one day just to see what it's like... We stayed in dtown back in the day, at the Golden Nugget, and that experience was, to say the least, HORRIBLE. That is all that's stopping me from the 5-Star rating but other than that, our night out at the GN was pretty nifty :)
4	The Only place I like in Fremont and the only place I takes friends when in town too not be too creeped out by the bums and dancing old people. I have not stayed in any rooms there yet and I really want to rent a Cabana there next summer.
4	Non-hotel guest review:My favorite property downtown.  They've done a great job renovating it and putting in new restaurants.  For example, the Golden Nugget has the only Charthouse in town - a great seafood chain. This property has a couple of terrific fish tanks.  One in the Charthouse and the other at the pool, called The Tank.  Even though I am not a hotel guest, the staff has let me walk out and look at The Tank.  It has sharks in it!  Super cool to just stare at.  I also like staring at the tank in the Charthouse while I eat my lunch there.  Sometimes scuba divers will go in to clean it, which is amusing.If you self-park in the garage, you have to validate at the casino cashier.  They allow you to self-validate so you don't have to wait in line, but it's a huge pain to find the casino cashier.  Plus the parking garage, like most in Las Vegas, is horribly designed.  I recommend just using the valet - there are two.  One off of Casino Center and another off of Main Street, just in front of the Charthouse.
4	This is classic Vegas baby! The interior is a dream, such a throw back to the glory days of Vegas. The gambling's OK here. I never walk away with too much, but I'm just usually not that lucky anyways.
4	This is Vegas. Screw the strip, which just reminds me of Scottsdale. Fremont Street is amazing and the Golden Nugget is the best on the old strip. I spent a weekend here for my 30th birthday and was far from disappointed. My suite was in the newly renovated Rush Tower, which is sexy and exquisite. The staff was excellent, the room was great and the bed was insanely comfortable. There's some decent restaurants within the hotel, such as the Chart House and the Sushi joint near the Rush Tower. Also, um shark tank in the pool and a slide that goes through the shark tank?  Yes please. The pool is hard to get into, but that's most resorts in Vegas. Needless to say though, we still found spots without paying or making reservations and had a great time. The key in the pool is to hang out in the tunnel part behind the shark tank :)
4	You get more than what you pay for and the quality is good and the service great. I just gorged on plates of crab legs that were amazing. The waiters here are better than waiters in a regular restaurant!!!
4	Stayed here 12/26 - 12/28/10 and had the basic Carson Tower Room 18-117 which faces the strip, although there is a parking garage below.  I wouldn't want the "strip" view if you were on lower floors.  Looked just as the picture on the website showed.  Very clean room with upgraded bathroom.  I liked the decor and honestly, it's a great value.  Motel 6 costs more and wouldn't be nearly as nice.  Didn't bother trying to upgrade.  King Bed was really comfy!  Far walk, but I like being away from elevator so not a lot of people walking by --it's quiet.The GN website says they have robes in these rooms, but there were no robes (maybe you have to call and ask for them?)  There is an ironing board and iron and closet in the safe.  No in-room coffee.  Beautiful light fixtures throughout.  Did not eat at GN so cannot comment on food, but I thought room service was pretty pricey.  One thing I like is that Golden Nuggest does not charge a RESORT FEE, which is becoming more common.  If you want wi-fi it is $12.95 per 24 hour period.Pool was heated by the shark tank and it was very pretty.  Very well-kept hotel. Love the "value" of Fremont Street versus the strip.  Went to the strip for one day and I really can't believe the price difference for everything.  Food on the strip is outrageous.On Fremont Street, went down to the Golden Gate to DuPar's for breakfast.  It is comparable in price to IHOP.  Spent $25 for two people for a great breakfast.  This place makes it's own preserves and muffins.  It was truly a delicious breakfast and probably the most expensive on Fremont Street, but quality here is A++.  Also had Paradise Buffet breakfast for $6.95 p.p. at Fremont Station?  (caddy corner across the street from Golden Nugget).  For $6.95 it was a great deal as it includes beverages.  Pretty decor.I missed strip atmosphere, but not strip prices and drove to strip myself.  Would definitely stay at GN again!
1	If they comp you a room after dropping tons of $$$$ they treat you like a second class citizen.  I am no longer staying with this hotel... Way to go!  Treat your loyal customers like crap and have your host give us attitude for trying to put us in a smoking double when we specifically asked for a non-smoking king when we booked TWO MONTHS ago!
4	HOTEL: Loved it.  Stayed here just one night before staying 3 nights on the Strip at Ballys (12/20 to 12/24).  The hubs and I have been going to Vegas probably about 3 times a year for the past 5 years, but this was my first time staying at the Nugget.  The room was nice, but it's really the bed that gets the 4 stars --- I had no idea how seriously posh it was until we moved to Ballys, and the hubs jumped on the bed, belly-flop style, fully expecting the nice cushion like at Golden Nugget.  Ballys, not so much cushion, more like painful pool-belly-flop.  We got a pretty good deal for our stay, so for sure I'd repeat, especially if it were the summer and we could take advantage of the pool.SPA: Awesome. I've hit 4 other spas in Vegas (at Caesars, Venetian, New Orleans, and Treasure Island), and I loved this one.  The hubs surprised me with an early morning treatment, a prenatal scrub, which had me a little worried as to whether I'd really find it relaxing.  The facilities are pretty nice - you walk into a small-ish lobby to check in, straight off one set of elevators, then you enter one door into a larger area with upholstered chairs, coffee, and fancy water dispensers.  Then you enter through another door into a hallway, which branches off into a few curtained off areas -- part of leads to the steam + dry saunas (can't tell you about these since I couldn't use them) and also an upper level hot tub that looked fantastic -- dual staircase leading to this well-lit but soft lighting, with murals that look like curtains.  Sure, it could look more posh if they had actual draperies, but it's practical to have the paint rather than drapes in the steamy area.  The showers + vanity area is pretty large, the lockers a bit smaller but enough room for 2 chaises and 2 upholstered chairs, and a separate changing room (literally, a room outfitted so you can change in privacy).More importantly, my smoothie body treatment was fan.tastic.  Started at the legs + feet -- my skin is a little sensitive, so the scrub was a little more scrub-tastic than I'd have liked.  But holy cow, Linda was my therapist, and her work on my shoulders and back (by working on me as I lay on my back, and later on my side) was pure magic.  Again, I'm super sensitive, and sometimes shoulder and back massages can get painful, esp because of how much tension I'm always carrying -- but she did a great job, easily the best I've ever received, and I didn't even mention my sensitivity to her.  Although I'm sure if I had, she would have been immediately responsive, she was great.  Not too much chatter, just every now and then, which was great -- I'm not a huge talker, but I get that complete silence is sometimes weird.  I wish Linda could move to Austin.
2	You get what you pay for.I just needed to a place to crash for the night, and the $60 room in the Carlton Suites sounded fine.Of course, it was older, and not exactly what you'd call luxurious - but the bed was comfy.However; the window heater was basically broken and make LOUD clicking sounds whenever it started up. The toilet also ran loudly every six minutes or so (yes, I timed it).  Fortunately, I had earplugs with me. The two real downsides?The registration for the Carlton Towers was closed, making me walk with all of my luggage over to the other tower to register - and then back to the Carlton towers - a bit of a hike when you have luggage, and there was no offer of help with that. Serious drag. I suppose that if I had valet parked my car, this wouldn't have been an issue - but I don't trust valets.Also - and more important; the bathroom was not clean.Black mold in the showers. Scuff marks on the floor and on the side(!) of the sink. There were rings from drink glasses on the nightstand and vanity. Not like white water marks on the wood, but actual rings from soda or something. Hello? Housekeeping??I have been told that the newer towers are much nicer, and I'd be willing to try them out.The whole place is right in the heart of Fremont Street - so if that's your scene, this is the place to stay. If you're a college kid who just doesn't really care about things being super clean, or are on a seriously tight budget, then I'd consider the Carlton Tower; otherwise, I'd look at other options.
4	The crown jewel of downtown Las Vegas, this is my favorite property in this area.  Here's why:- They remodeled the property a few years ago and upgraded their swimming pool area.   There's a water slide and multi level area to the pool....very cool to hang out during the Summer months.- The dining options are some of the best in the downtown area.- The casino is the cleanest, most well kept casino in downtown.  It's almost as nice as some of the Strip properties.- It's classy.  Despite being in downtown, the Golden Nugget has remained a classy joint.Will I return?  I meet friends and colleagues here for lunch on occasion, so I'm here 4 to 5 times a year....so you can count on it.
4	I admit when I drove up to the Golden Nugget I was worried about what I was going to get for my $89 a night room, but I was pleasantly surprised. It was nice. Really nice. I mean I've stayed at the Hooter's Hotel on the strip for the same amount of money and that hotel DID have the $89 feel to it. Of course, when you're on a budget, you'll stay anywhere and Hooter's is directly across the street from the MGM so you can't go wrong with that.The Golden Nugget is also in the heart of things, but not the things I'm used to seeing in Vegas. You're not going to see the dancing fountains of the Bellagio , nor will you see the Eiffel Tower at the Paris Hotel. Instead you've got a whole new set of attractions.There's the waving cowboy - known as Vegas Vic, Binion's horseshoe and the famous lights of the Plaza Hotel. And when you are there, you have to take in the Fremont Street experience. It's crowded, crazy and completely wonderful in a way that is only cool in Vegas. Don't worry if you are not sure where this is. If you're in old Vegas, you ARE part of the attraction. That's because it's right outside your hotel. Fremont is a covered street that becomes a canopy of lights after the sun goes down, and they literally rock out to Kiss's "Rock n' Roll All Night Long." Nope, you're not going to hear Celine Dion in Old Vegas. It's sex, drugs and...maybe a little bit of whiskey on the rocks - just the way the Rat Pack liked it. Then there's the Nugget. Built in 1946, it's one of the oldest casinos in the area. But don't be fooled by its age. It has a four diamond rating and is still classy. When you walk around the lobby, it's not hard to imagine Sean Connery there during the shooting of "Diamonds are Forever."Attractions in the hotel include the world's largest gold nugget (naturally) and a shark tank, but honestly, I was very impressed with the service and lushness of the hotel. It had the Wynn feel without paying the Wynn price. I must say, staying in Old Vegas was a gamble that paid off.
4	Kind of a last minute thing in finding a hotel to stay at while attending a convention.  Was thinking of staying on the Strip but prices were kind of high so instead booked here.  Pleasantly surprised by the ammenities and size of this place for the price (under $100/night).  Room was clean, staff friendly, casino decent.  If it was summer, I would probably partake in their nice swimming pool.  I would stay at this place again.
1	I went just for the pool.  They said on the travel channel it's one of the best in the world.  Not!  It's ok but i've seen better.  The shark tank is cool tho.  The food in the restaurant was awful and there is no place to have a good breakfast in downtown!  What has Vegas become?  The day of the $2.00 breakfast is over.
4	Priceline gave me a $69/night room in Vegas.  I did not expect $69/night to get me the level of luxury that I got here.This is as close to a 5-star hotel as you'll get.  You have bars, shopping, and entertainment.  Plus there's the casino, if you feel lucky.The rooms were spacious and luxurious.  It gets cold in Vegas at night, so come prepared.  The beds were massive and really comfortable.  Parking is bad here - especially when there are fireworks going off.I've been in $130/night Hampton Suites, and while they didn't nickle-and-dime you for breakfast or anything else like at the Golden Nugget; however, not much can compare to the value and luxury (I've said that word too many times now) of the Golden Nugget.
4	I love Downtown Vegas and I'm probably the only twenty-something year old that can say that. Before you dismiss me as a loser and stop reading, let me say that I've done the whole Strip thing. I've stayed at the Venetian, Aria, Planet Hollywood and MGM. I've partied at Tao, Playboy Club, Pure, LAX and Jet (although I feel like that last one dilutes my credibility a bit since I feel like the only people that go to Jet are old sluts of uber tragic status--but the music is still awesome). My point is: I get it. Your Vegas priorities basically come down to the sluts (both male and female varieties) and the fancy parties where these sluts congregate. Naturally, the Strip is where you need to be. While I do enjoy these things, I'm usually in Vegas with my family and taking Mom out to party with the sluts is not exactly my idea of a good time during these little family retreats. I've come to appreciate Downtown for everything the Strip is not: laid back, cheap and old school. We stay at the Golden Nugget because it's, by far, the fanciest of all the Downtown hotels.GN has gone through renovations quite a bit in the last few years and now boasts a small but still neat pool, the new Rush Tower and casino expansion. I've stayed in all three towers (Rush, Carson, North) with my family and with my girlfriend, and while the newest Rush Tower offers much snazzier rooms, rooms in the North and Carson Towers are still comfortable, clean and affordable.The GN casino seems to be the largest in Downtown Vegas, and I love the variety of games, as well as how friendly the dealers are. My Dad loves playing the Blazing 7 slot machines and of every casino he enters to play this game, the ones in GN reward him the most. If you want to learn how to play some of the table games, GN offers free lessons for some of them every morning. I learned how to play craps here and unlike other casinos that rush through the lesson and look at you like you're an idiot when you ask basic questions, the dealers here are patient and cool. I'm also from Hawai'i originally, so I love being within walking distance from the casinos that serve local Hawai'i food (Main Street, the California and the Fremont) due to the large population of Hawai'i residents that vacation in Downtown Vegas. And if you want to party but don't feel like getting decked out and spending some bills on the Strip, Beauty Bar is a pretty awesome dive bar in the Downtown area with some raw jungle/techno music in the back on Fridays and/or Saturdays... I don't remember which night I was there. I've been to Gold Digger Lounge within the hotel once, but sadly, it was kind of a snoozefest because everyone in there was over 40 and the music catered to the crowd so my hip hop bumpin' ass didn't really know what to do with their disco shit. That is all.
2	Ugh. Downtown hotels. I don't know any other sentiment is good for this place. I'm sure if you come here to gamble or have cheap eats, you would enjoy this place a lot with their $4.99 late night steak specials and $1 minimum black jack tables, but as far as the quality of your stay goes, it goes without saying that this is not your Vegas.Although I agree with some reviewers that this place is one of the classier places in Las Vegas, if you're seeking out a cheap room during CES, you should be prepared to pay $$$ for a * location, * bed, * shower and swimming in smoke in your short trip from the elevator to the exit. The rooms have this nice moldy stench, and kind of leaves you feeling icky like you stayed at a really random Motel 6 middle of nowhere and you're not too sure if the black stain in the floor was a stale piece of gum left there for years. Bleh.
5	Fremont street is always going to be a little different than the strip, but thats why I like it much better than the strip. The Golden Nugget as of right now is the gem of Fremont street. Totally remodeled , brand new tower and all the rooms in the entire hotel rival those of the brand new rooms on the strip for about a 25% discount from the strip. Best place to stay on Fremont.
4	For 40 bucks a night on valentines weekend you can't beat it. The pool is awesome with a waterslide that goes right through a huge shark tank. Pretty cool.
4	Our trip to Old Vegas was interesting and the Golden Nugget was a great surprise. After checking out all of the Fremont Street Experience we got to the Nugget and were immediately impressed. We had heard that the Nugget was coming off a recently completed renovation and it showed. Everything was very new...the slots, the tables, the chips, the carpets, the pool, the restaurants...well some of the drink gals werent exactly new, but it was all very nice. We took a peek at the pool area and were really impressed by the shark tank water slide as well as the pool side tables with the dealers in lifeguard gear. We played some $5 blackjack which is always nice and messed around on the slots. Personally, I think that staying and playing here would be a great idea if you're not planning to leave here at all since Downtown is a complete and total shitshow and Im certain that in the near future we'll do just that.
5	This was one of the several hotels that I walked through and explored during my first visit to Las Vegas.The Golden Nugget Hotel was one of my two favorite hotels that I discovered during my trip to Las Vegas. What made this place stand out and totally rock is their giant shark tank! That's right, dear reader, a giant shark tank! What made this tank so amazing, besides the giant sharks swimming inside, is the fact that it's located at the swimming pool and has a tube that you can ride through inside the shark tank! Oh my god!!! I wish that we had the chance to come while it was open, but since it was closed, we took enough pictures and video to last a life time.The other cool aspect about this hotel is that it seemed to be filled with celebrity impersonators that night. Not really my thing, but it was fun to see the tourists get all excited and leave their slot machines to ask for autographs and pose for a picture or two.
4	This is a great hotel in the downtown Las Vegas area. It is located close to the 95/93 freeway so you can avoid the strip traffic en route to places outside of Vegas.   Our room in the Carson tower was large and clean. The bed was comfortable. The pool is great. The buffet is passable.  The jacuzzi could have been hotter and it would have been mice to have an adults only jacuzzi. There's a Starbucks in the lobby and a kickass steak house too. The best part is that you don't have to walk through the casino just to get from your car to your room. The crowds of 20-somethings celebrating their birthdays or bachelorette parties are down on the strip so you don't get the loud drunken partygoers yelling and being obnoxious. This is a great Vegas casino and hotel for the family.
3	In a hurry to find a place to crash, we hit up Golden Nugget. I'm not a big fan of the Fremont strip (the food is awful and some of the characters are sketchy) but this hotel was very nice. Evidently, they've done some renovations and the rooms are very very nice especially for the price. Great value.Update: My comment about the food along Fremont is now expired as I've since discovered the restaurants in the bottom floor of the California Hotel & Casino (or "The Cal"). In particularly, The Market Street Cafe is ridiculously good and ridiculously cheap. Try the ox tail soup. I still have cravings.
5	We decided to get away for Thanksgivng weekend so with the weather always dicey driving to Reno we decided to drive to Las Vegas and stay downtown. My wife wanted the Golden Nugget and I went on line and made a reservation for the V.I.P. floors of the Gold Tower. The room rate was the same as for a regular room on the Strip! We are now in love with these rooms, the Golden Nugget, Fremont Street and Las Vegas!!! From the time we handed the keys to the valet, we checked in, in the wonderful V.I.P. Lounge, got to our beautiful room, our luggage arrived, was all of 20 minutes!!!! My wife adored, just adored the Spa. We both loved the Jelly Bellys, fruit, trail mix, bottled water as you get off the elevator on the V.I.P. Floors so we are now spoiled so much so, we have the same reservations for my 50th birthday bin April with the addition of a cabana @ The Hideaway pool! Also, a big shout out to The Starbucks...I was going to p/u a city mug(I collect them) but forgot, my wife called they shipped it free of charge and included a bunch of Via coffees for my Xmas present!!! We are both counting the days until my birthday trip!!!
5	Aside from the super lame Gordie Brown show, our stay was perfect. We did indulge in the free spa passes on the last day of our trip. It was like a high end club. We also swam in the pool with the shark tank. The water slide does go through the tank but you are going so fast, you won't even see the sharks. However, the slide was still fun just on its own.The Grille was ok. The decor is pretty nice. The location is perfect on Freemont street.
4	We had a great time at this hotel. The pool, complete with shark tank(!), is the centerpiece of the whole place, and for good reason; it's awesome! The waterslide through the tank is amazing, but you're going so fast you hardly see the sharks. I thought it was even cooler to just swim in the pool right next to the tank...you're almost literally swimming with the sharks!The room was spacious and comfortable, the location on Fremont St (close enough to enjoy the fun but not so close that it's too noisy) is nice, and the buffet is pretty good (HUGEST piece of corned beef I've ever seen at the carving station).The spa and salon bring the Golden Nugget above and beyond. It feels like a Roman bath, and the staff and amenities provide everything you could possibly need. We felt so incredibly pampered!I've seen this described as the most elegant of the downtown hotels and I'd definitely agree with that. Would stay here again!
4	Aarg.  That's how my @goldennuggetlv review began - that's because I started it not long after checking in - that's when my internet hook-up problems which led to check-in issues began.But after that, I warmed to the Golden Nugget.  The location is great, the hotel/casino has plenty of gambling, pool and restaurant action and it's right off Fremont St.The pool area has a shark tank with the water slide passing thru the tank.  Obviously designed by a guy...Comfy beds, pretty good service, remodeled bathroom, good rates...solid in my book.Just make sure they swipe your credit card when you check in or you will have to go back to the front desk to get your wifi going.  #lame
2	When you walk inside the Golden Nugget, you would completely forget that you're actually on Fremont Street in Downtown Vegas and it's because they really try and keep up with the casinos on The Strip. However, the main reason I go downtown is to look for a $5 BJ table, and the Golden Nugget fails to deliver on that. Because they are trying to keep their status as the nicest hotel and casino on Fremont, that also means their table limits are higher, almost comparable to places like MGM Grand and the Mandalay Bay, but not as high as the Wynn and Bellagio.So...there's no way I'll ever want to stay downtown, and Golden Nugget doesn't seem to fit my bill of cheap, degenerate gambling, I probably won't be coming back to stay or play. But check out that giant gold nugget they have in the hotel if you're passing through.
3	I'm impressed that the rooms don't smell like old people and cigarettes since most of the rest of the hotel does, but I am happy to say that despite the need to walk though throngs of dirty wide eyed gamblers flicking ash everywhere as they desperately search for the next waitress to drown there already dying livers.  We actually slept well, and had a great time in Las Vegas.
2	Some rough around the edges problems here, but overall an interesting location.  Why only two stars?  Well the smoke smell is pervasive and disgusting.  The casino floor is jam packed and not large enough to navigate through, so it feels like a rat maze.The restaurants are a redeeming quality though.  Good food, good prices, and good service at the in-hotel restaurants.  Warning:  The neighborhood and indeed Freemont street itself are clearly crime-ridden, depressed, old, etc.  They are going theatrical to hang on..but look, this is NOT the strip.  Just not my cup of tea.
4	After my nightmarish evening at the Plaza Hotel and Casino (see my review of that fleabag!) I checked into the Golden Nugget, and couldn't have been more happy. For about $15 more a night, the difference was staggering! First, the casino, lobby and elevators have been beautifully restored, and are clean and fresh smelling. The check-in staff was not overtly friendly, but still very polite and respectful. The offer of bellboy service was made, but in the age of rolling luggage, who needs that!I wasn't expecting much from my Gold Tower room, but was delighted to see how spacious and luxurious it was! Amazingly comfortable bed, nice furniture, giant flat-panel television, mini-safe for valuables, etc. The entry area was marbled, with the balance of the room carpeted. Everything was immaculately clean, and the room was fresh smelling but not laden with cleaning chemicals or disinfectant. The bathroom was smallish (hey, this is a very old building) but again, it was beautifully restored...marble tile, elegant sink/counter, shower with curved curtain rod and great water pressure, etc. The commode seemed to be rocket powered! WiFi internet access was a bit pricey at $12.95 a day, but it worked well and was very speedy. Now none of this was a fluke, as each of my three friends had rooms that were virtually identical.If I had to say anything negative about the room, it would be that sound isolation is not terribly good. It's not that I could hear people through the walls, but sounds in the hallway (doors slamming, people walking, etc.) definitely seemed quite loud. Again, this probably just goes with the territory in an older building. No big deal.That evening my friends and I took a quick dip in the pool, and had fun swimming up within inches of the giant fish and sharks in the central aquarium. It was fascinating to be so close to these beautiful animals. Afterwards we soaked in the jacuzzi for an hour or so, to unwind before going out to dinner. The pool staff was attentive and helpful...lots of clean, high quality towels were provided, and the wait staff was quick to bring drinks around.We spent a fair amount of time in two Nugget bars, I wish I could remember the name of them. The first has a large balcony that hangs out over Fremont Street, and it's a great spot to do a little "people watching." The second is a circular arrangement with the bar in the middle, and it had the most amazing band playing there. Just four piece (guitar, keyboardist/vocalist, drums, bass) but they sounded huge, their level of musicianship was tremendous and the singer really knew how to work a crowd.Honestly, I had no idea that downtown Vegas had a hotel of this caliber! When traveling for work, I usually stay at the Bellagio. Now the Nugget is no Bellagio, but you know what...it's really not too far behind! Anyhow, I definitely recommend this hotel to anybody who wishes to enjoy the "old school" Fremont Street scene.
4	Stayed here a few years ago and heard it is even better now. It was great before and so I can't imagine it now. There is nothing that I didn't like about this place. The only reason it isn't a 5 star is that I can't really remember gambling here.
4	Even though this is far off from the heart of Las Vegas (The Strip), the rooms are nice, the lobby is nice, and the pool is amazing! I don't like the fact they have sharks in the aquarium in the middle of the pool, but everything else they have is beautiful. The water slide is neat. Fitness is included and you're a step away from the Fremont Experience. It's a nice spot if you don't want to be surrounded by too many tourists.
2	The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because it has an awesome pool area! A tank filled with sharks, great poolside blackjack tables, jacuzzi, and even a big-ass water slide! The locals even have to pay $20 to get in to this pool area if you are not a guest. The rest of the place is GRIMY! downtown Las Vegas is gross and filthy as it is. The only cool thing about it is the light show that goes on every half hour till midnight, then after it is ghost town and crackhead central. They should advise you to get a tetnis shot after being downtown and the golden nugget itself. If you want to take a cab to the Las Vegas Strip, where all the action is, it is AT LEAST a $20 cab ride... if I were to go here again, it would only be in the summer time, because of the pool, other than that.... never again. Golden nuggett eat me! might be a decent hotel if in better area...
4	SMALL BUT NICE!!!We are regulars to Las Vegas strip so I was kinda nervous to stay downtown. We found this place to be "The Place" to stay down on Freemont Street. This place was by far the cleanliest and most trendy on freemont. PROS:We really enjoyed the freemont experience and tried some new things while staying there. Just watch your wallets and be aware of your surroundings. Gold Diggers at the nugget is neat if you sit outside. We thought our room was nice and clean and the pool is small but neat.CONS: We had to pay for Wifi??? Wifi should be free now days!casino is very small and the bar service is slow and at times very grumpy! OVERALL: Worth staying at if you need to be downtown.......
4	Nice hotel downtown. I've stayed here at least 3 times. The pool area 'the Shark Tank' is pretty cool and one of the nicer and more interesting pools of the hotels I've seen in Vegas. If you're looking for a full Las Vegas Strip experience, you may want to stay at a strip hotel rather than the Golden Nugget, because taxi will be a bit pricey and not the easiest to catch on the strip during busy times. Bus takes a looooong time to get from the strip to downtown, and at peak hours you may have to wait a while to even catch one. Those are planning considerations, but as for the Golden Nugget itself, it's a nice hotel. Buffet's not bad.
4	Very impressed with the room look. Very spacious and accessible. Great prices and friendly staff.
4	poor in room Quality, but Close in Atmosphere.  The Hotel seemed more personal, not too extreme.  staff is friendly.  The gift Shop sales Liquor and I won $500 one night and $1600 the next on the same machine.
4	What a great suprise!  Was here years ago and the $40 million spent to renovate was very well spent.  Room was suite-like with 4 star quality.  Pool with shark tank amazing and service was better than I have experienced in a long time.  The quality is excellent without the pretentious attitude of strip hotels.Give Fremont another try and stay at the Golden Nugget.  The strip is a quick taxi ride away.
3	If it wasn't for work I doubt I would ever stay here. The room was OK, it is far from the strip. The hotel room was just OK, OK that is it. You can'y throw a flat screen TV in the room (NON-HD) and then think it upgrades the room. Like every other vegas HOTEL the nickel and dime you for everything. $20 for their GYM (HAHAHAHA), $13.99 for Internet (walk to starbucks) and so on. I have to go to vegas fairly often and it is bcoing more aparent that it is more reasonable to stay at a Laquinta than a $45 casino that charges you another $33.99 for BASIC stuff.... Not to mention it takes longer to get in and out of the hotel while there for business.
4	Great room (in the rush tower!) for the price! Love the location and would definitely return!!! Rooms were comfortable, shower was amazing! The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because they charge you for extras like internet and the gym- not that I brought my tennis shoes anyway, but I would have if it was free! Would have made me feel less guilty indulging in all the free (while gambling) drinks to know I could get over to the gym!Anyway, if you don't HAVE to stay on the strip- definitely stay at the golden nugget, you'll be happy you did!
4	stayed in the carson tower april 13 till the 17th. i think it is the older section, but the room was big and clean. all i needed. usually stay and gamble on the strip, but downtown has a much better blackjack game, and they comped us two nights for gambling which is almost unheard of anymore for me on the main drag. the pool here was great. not too cold, and it has a shark tank with a slide going through it which i liked. rented a cabana on saturday, and the hostess went out of her way to make sure we were happy with the server, food etc. she came by at least 6 times on her way through to check up, and i swear it wasn't because we were out of control... food was great in the sports book area, the sushi place was good enough, but ate mostly away from casino so can't tell you much about the rest of the restaurants. my buddy took a good chunk of money from them on friday, and when i walked up, the pit boss was cheering him on instead of giving the evil eye ( which is what usually happens).the cab from the airport was about $36.00 before tip, so not a good place to stay if you plan on sightseeing along the boulevard every day instead of staying on freemont.overall, i will be sure to stay here next time i want to spend my whole trip downtown.
3	I decided that at least one time in my life, I had to stay in Dingy Old Downtown, and so last summer I took the plunge at stayed at the Golden Nugget. I got a room in the newer Rush Tower.The hotel itself was nice. The Rush Tower room was decent for the price. It's right on Fremont St, so you can enjoy the overhead show at night. The pool is nice, but it was super crowded in the summer as it's quite smaller than many of the Strip hotels.However, outside the walls of the Golden Nugget is a different story. I would not eat at any of the downtown restaurants outside of the Golden Nugget (except for the legendary Binion's Steakhouse). But by contrast, I would gamble anywhere downtown except at the Golden Nugget, where their $10+ minimum tables made me shake my head. If I wanted to play tables of this price, I'd go to the Strip. Very disappointing. However, there were plenty of nearby places like Binion's, Fitz, etc., that were the cheap gaming experience I expected.  If you want to stay downtown, Golden Nugget is the best and (in my opinion) the only option. However, there is no reason to stay Downtown. Get a room on the Strip or stay at one of the quality off Strip hotels if you want a cheaper option. If you want to see Downtown, travel here for a couple hours, which is all you will need before you will want to leave.A word of caution... if you do stay here, be careful venturing off Fremont Street. Once you leave the part of Fremont covered by the overhead screen, it can get really shady quickly. If I was a young female, I would not feel comfortable leaving the Fremont Street Experience area.
4	A great casino in downtown Vegas, with all the amenities and then some. A swimming pool with a shark tank slide? Yes, I said it. A larger hotel and casino yet enough excitement to get your into the Vegas vibe.Their sports betting area is one of the best in downtown so if you are an avid sports watcher, you might as well place a bet. The rooms are clean and comfortable. This hotel seems to always have specials on rooms. So instead of paying 100$ a night at a crappier hotel on the strip go downtown and stay in a nice hotel for under 100$ a night.
4	I've been to the Golden Nugget many times for drinks, gambling and whenever we are showing tourist friends around downtown.  This is without a doubt my favorite hotel downtown.  It's got an old school feel but it's been updated very well.   Very classy, yet affordable.  I love everything...the chandeliers and decorations around the hotel, the shark tank, the pool, the cocktail waitresses' outfits, the Grotto, the steakhouse-Vic and Anthony's, the gaming, the lobby and the easy in and out parking garage.  Although I've never stayed here, eventually I will.  My dad had high school friends come to visit.  They all raved about the nice rooms and extra comfortable beds!  I've never had bad service in any area of the casino.  Very locals and tourist friendly...will be back, for sure!
4	Freemont Street wouldn't be Freemont Street without the Golden Nugget. Recently the Nugget was renovated, and I have to say it is looking pretty damn good. The pool is something that most definitely stands out. Not only because it's one of the few pools in the Old Town, but because it too was renovated and it has some exciting new features. To begin- Poolside Gambling- not a novel concept, but pretty sweet non-the-less; lounge chairs in the shallow waters of the pool- again not novel, but still pretty wonderful; and finally- an aquarium in the middle of the pool. Yep- that's right- I said aquarium. Complete with sharks and large fish the aquarium is seamlessly designed to sit in the center of the pool, and looks to be part of where you are swimming. To top that off- there is a water slide directly through the center of the aquarium that shoots you back out into the pool. Another bonus- if you're not staying in the hotel you can get a day pass for only $20, and it's well worth it. I don't necessarily recommend the nightclub, Gold Diggers, though. I did go there once, and it was a pretty shady crowd. Entertaining, but shady.
4	My kids and husband love the swimming pool.  It was uniquely build around this massive salt water aquarium with sharks and lots of big fish.  There was even a water slide that goes thru the the fish tank.. my 7 year old daughter loved it.  We would definitely go there again for the pool..  PLus for a weekday rate of $49/day it was a great bargain.
5	This hotel is amazing I am a local and I still love visiting golden nugget for a get away....  the rooms are amazing and its such a clean hotel!!  Will deffinately stay comming here!!!
5	The rooms are great. We stayed in the Carson tower and for $200(tax included) for 3 nights we could not have asked for more. The hotel is fabulous and the pool is amazing. It gets pretty crowded during the day but is a blast. We went down the slide and that is really cool too. The restaurants are pretty pricey and table games can get expected later into the day/night but all of the casinos downtown(at least the ones in the general vicinity of the Nugget) seem to be that way these days. We took craps lessons and really enjoyed that too. The tables are fun(when they aren't too pricey) and the ambiance is good. Overall, my group is excited for our next trip to Vegas and we can't wait to stay at the Nugget again!
4	stayed here for the first time a couple weeks ago. In vegas I'm hardly in the room so I lean towrds the cheaper hotel chains. I could have stayed at a motel 6 for half the price but the awesome pool convinced me to pick the GN. I got a AAA discount which was great! check in was quick and easy and when I asked the young woman to direct me to the nearest place where I could get some juices or drinks she told me to help myself and pointed at a refrigerator they had near checkout with OJ, apple juice, cranberry juice, peanuts and candy! THANKS! the room was very nice and roomy. Our view sucked but hey i dont care too much for those things. We really enjoyed the pool except for the fact that its waaaaaaaay to packed and i learned you have to get there EARLY if you want a chair. however lucky for us some girls nearby left and we jumped on some lounge chairs that were in the pool about 10 minutes after we got there. tube slide is great not too many kids when we were there. I liked that they didnt let locals in as they ask for room key at the door. allows for more room for people who actually pay $$ to stay there since the pool is not that big. We enjoyed being away from the commotion of the strip for a night since freemont street is a bit less hectic. not very many other places i enjoyed going to outside the GN though. gambling is okay a few 24 hr shops and restaurants so that was good. starbucks is convenient too and room service was great! Pricey but hey its the experience right? Wouldn't mind going back again. Just wish the pool was a little bigger :/
5	Perhaps I'm biased about the Nugget, given that I won $1000 bucks at a penny machine this weekend!  But really, the best money for hotel stay on Fremont.  Affordable and the classiest on the street if you ask me.  Love everything it had to offer.
5	To be honest, I was expecting very little after booking a hotel room Downtown, but the Golden Nugget was amazing. Much nicer than the Flamingo, in my opinion.We stayed in a two-double bed room in the Gold Tower, which just happened to overlook the gorgeous pool. If you're into pools, you absolutely cannot miss this one. The pool area looks like a huge wedding cake cut in half with semi-circular levels with cabanas above the main pool area. The core - seen from the pool level - is a huge aquarium with sharks and large fish. And there's a waterslide that takes you through the aquarium. The pool area didn't get as crazy-busy as some other Vegas hotel pools I've seen, but on hot days it fills up pretty quickly.The room was fantastic. The hallways were an interesting hodge-podge of smells, a little bit musty and a little bit strawberry lip gloss. Surprising to me was the lack of an "old hotel" smell. This place has been renovated with the wallpaper and carpet updated, so inside of the hotel it's tough to imagine how many years the rooms have seen. My only complaint is about the soft beds which led to backaches.The casino was great, offering free craps lessons most mornings and an excellent array of video slot machines.For our first stay Downtown, this was pretty much the best spot we could have chosen. We'll definitely return to Vegas, and you can bet that we'll book a room at the GN again. Highly recommended!
4	I call this place the Bellagio of downtown Vegas.  Its by far the nicest of all the casinos on Fremont St without being stuffy or pretentious.  You also can't beat the new rooms or the pool here.  Sure there are a lot of fantastic deals for food on Fremont but if you want decent sushi or real seafood that isn't deep fried..this is the only place to go.Also if you're planning on gambling for a while..you might as well play at a place you actually WANT comps from!  What could you possibly want comped at Fitzgeralds?  Krispy Kreme donuts??
3	This place is fairly cheap, clean and easy to get in and out of. There were definitely a few glitches but nothing devastatingWe asked for a king bed and got a room with two small beds, the sink did not drain at all.But like I said, the parking is easy and the walk from car to room is easy (especially compared to hotels on the strip)..
4	The 2nd most recognized and famous hotel in Old Vegas behind Binions. I've stayed here really in 3 stages in my life. As a kid my parents took my family here, as a freshly minted adult I came here and as a more mellow adult. 4 days 3 nights is a long time in Vegas. The hotel is nicely upgraded from how I remember it just 8 and 18 years ago. The newer rush tower has the nicer amenities, but the casino as a whole is nicely upgraded. The pool is open till 2 with tables, lounge, private cabana's and a slide that goes through their world famous aquarium. They now have a poker room that is pretty large and a club that plays top 40 for old couples and divey swamp donkeys. Pro's were price, nice upgrades like a Sushi restaurant, poker room, aquarium.Con's were billing, room AC, housekeeping, TV.Overall a good experience, a place that's a nice change of pace to the superficial, glitz and glam of the ultra modern super hotels of the strip.
4	We arrived expecting the other "Fremont Experience" - dingy hotel room, very few amenities, sketchy casino and slow nightlife. We just wanted a place to crash before heading down to the strip for the week. Since this was only my second time in Vegas and first time Downtown, I wasn't sure what to expect. It seems like everyone has something to say about downtown and many people said not to expect much...And when we arrived our room turned out to be two full beds. I haven't slept in a full bed since high school! For a moment, we were disappointed, but the room upgrades were affordable and WORTH the extra $. For the inconvenience, we were given a much later checkout time and some buffet coupons (that we didn't use, but we appreciated the gesture).Our upgraded Rush Tower room ended up being the NICEST place we stayed all week. First off, the renovations in the main hotel/casino areas are really great. Definitely check out the Chart House bar for a soothing view a gigantic aquarium and a cool lounge area. Beautiful glass installations throughout the hotel/casino and the pool is really great. Have to love the slide that runs through the "shark tank." Unlike many other places, the pool is open late. Such a great bonus! We didn't really check out the "Gold Diggers" club, but the chill pool patio is definitely the place to lounge, relax, and sip on a drink.Our deluxe room didn't have a great view, but had a comfy lounge area, gigantic bed, flat screen tv, office/desk area and separate toilet and bath area. We loved being able to charge/play our iPods on the in-room docking station, and the bathtub shower was perfect! Very clean and very upscale. Not at all what I expected, but we will definitely be back!
4	The Golden Nugget is the ONLY place I would stay if I were staying downtown again.  The staff was very freindly, the commute to and from the strip was easy and the place looks great!
2	For me, it's a little strange to hear how great the Golden Nugget is. I went to the buffet and it gave me indigestion. I played their slot games and they were not paying me. I looked at their tables and they were way too high to be downtown. I thought the decor really simple and classic. The pool is without a doubt *epic*. But Golden Nugget to me is not worth the expense. Yes, I would stay at any ol' clean hotel in Dingy Old Downtown before Golden Nugget.
5	Oh how I love the Golden Nugget! We stayed here a few years ago and fell in love. My husband and I do not really like the strip to much anyway and truly like the ambiance that downtown has to offer in general.
4	I actually had never stayed at the Golden Nugget and I stayed here because I had to do some work not too far from here.  I got the rooms for $41 per night during the weekdays, which is pretty cheap to me.I was really impressed with the Golden Nugget.  The walkways are very clean and looks newly remodeled.  It doesn't look like the other hotels, like California (piece of shit hotel).  My room was pretty big (I got 2 Queens, but I asked for a King since it was only me staying there so I jumped from 1 bed to the other all night long).  The pool area is also really nice, since it's in the middle of the hotel and there are glass walls surrounding it so a lot of people can see.  In the center of the pool area, there is a shark tank!  There is also a slide that takes you through the shark tank.  Pretty sweet!  I'd definitely come here again
1	My wife and I booked the Golden Nugget for our trip down for our brother in law's wedding.  We had a quick time schedule and were going to be in town for 30 hours (two nights).  We booked a non-smoking room because we both have a sensitivity to smoke and were given a smoking room (or we could cancel our room at 1am - when we finally got to the check-in desk).  They said that smoking / non-smoking was a preference and you are NEVER GUARANTEED one or the other.  As a major health risk, I would NEVER book Golden Nugget again, we ended up having to sleep on our brother-in-law's floor because we tried the room that was available and could not breathe.  Others had similar problems and had decided to stay up ALL NIGHT and get a room change in the AM because that was the only thing they could do.  I would never recommend staying there, the manager's were spin artists and would hedge any questions but not help.  I look forward to going to a hotel with customer service where we get what we book.
4	The Gold Rush tower is so cool, it has a massive fish tank right when you walk in. It's in old town Vegas, good for parents+kids..Big ol' water slide at their pool. I just like that they made it kid friendly and low key from all the crackheads and hookers on the new strip.
4	We had a king room in the Gold Tower and we were well pleased. Comfortable bed, clean, very nice. I like not having to pay a "resort fee". Yes, the wifi is an extra charge, but if you don't use it, you don't have to pay for it. At other establishments, the resort fee covers things like the wifi and fitness rooms. The pool is well described in other reviews, but it gets my vote for interesting. The meals we had in the hotel were good and reasonably priced. A medical urgency took up most of our time there, so I cannot speak to other amenities at the hotel. I hope to come back to enjoy more of The Golden Nugget and Las Vegas (this was my first time. )
4	This place was pretty nice from what I saw. I didn't really have much contact with the staff but they seemed friendly enough. I didn't really know what to expect from this hotel because I had never even been to Downtown before but it was actually pretty nice. It was really cheap and the rooms were REALLY nice for the price. It was just an average hotel though, nothing fancy or extravagant. The pool is what everyone is raving about, and yea it's cool that there's an aquarium in the middle, but it wasn't crazyy cool.This place is worth an average 3 stars but the extra star is for Irek, the bartender at the pool.He Was Amazing!! REEALLLLY friendly to me. He remembered me after our first drink and even knew what we wanted! I came back the next day and he remembered me the next day! "Nice to see you again baby!" it was a really nice greeting. He wasn't young and trying to be slick or old and creepy, just really friendly and nice. He was from Poland or something and had a cool accent. He remembered our drinks from the day before and hooked it up!!! He was great, TIP GENEROUSLY! haha
4	Stayed here for a week at the rate of $40/night. I stayed in the Carson tower, man this place was a lot nicer than I expected for it being downtown. The place was clean, beds were comfy, just all around a very pleasant stay.The pool is awesome, I only checked out the tank and went on the slide, but they have a second pool for more of an adult crowd (16+) called the hideout, for those who want to get away from the hundreds of small children let loose in the pool.Maid service was great, the staff were all very friendly, room service was nice, no real complaints here. If I ever stay down town again I will stay here it's nicer than hotels on the strip I have stayed in!
4	Niiiiiiice! Did not know the Golden Nugget had been renovated! I heard they had a new pool, but did not know the whole place had had a face lift. It certainly has and man, it is looking nice. It is definitely a welcome change from the other casinos on Fremont Street.Inside there are nice colors, new carpets. There is a mellow orange/yellow/bronze theme going on. Nice chandeliers hanging from the ceilings, looking kind of art-deco-ish. Smokey smell is kept to a minimum as well! They probably put in a new air system.My relatives had three rooms here. One in the Carson Tower and two in the Gold Tower. Oh dayum, their rooms in the Gold Towers were great! All new furniture, flat screen TVs, nice beds. I can't comment on their room service or anything, but the rooms - definitely looking good! The room in the Carson Tower was much smaller, but still nice.I did not get to enjoy the pool, but from looking at it, it seemed a bit small to me. However, the water slide looks fun! And of course they have the aquarium with the sharks in it right next to the pool. Oh and word to the wise my relatives said there is a pool called the "Hideaway" which has less children and is 16+. I just really enjoyed my time in here over the weekend meeting my relatives.
4	Stayed in the Rush towers which are newer. Definitely worth the extra money because the rooms are modern looking and have a very nice bathroom. I love Fremont street. It feels so Vegas. The pool is not as nice as it looks in pictures. There were a lot of kids when I went so it felt like a water park.
4	I'm really glad I decided to stay here while in town for Punk Rock Bowling.The room rates were reasonable, our room was clean and comfortable, and the pool seriously rules. Can't imagine staying anywhere else downtown.
4	Remodeled and nice!!!! The smell of cigarettes wasn't as strong as the hotels on the strip and it seemed roomier. If I had to book in downtown, I would definitely book at Golden Nugget. Heads up, since it's remodeled, it's more expensive now!
4	Nicest place downtownThe Tank is friggin awesomeFun for all ages
5	Hands down my favorite spot in Vegas for staying the night, dining, and lounging poolside!First, I just love downtown. It has a great 'feel' to it. It's friendly and easy to have fun affordably or luxuriously.Second, The Golden Nugget is like Peter A. says: "The Crown Jewel of Downtown" and is also much nice than many mega hotels on the Strip. Third, the Rush Tower is absolutely the best room I've had, ranking above Caesar's. It's clean, smoke free since it was built, has excellent design and bedding, a private check in desk, and is only $20 to upgrade from their Carson Tower room. HIGHLY Recoomend the Rush Tower.Fourth, their pool is the bomb! Huge Shark tank with a water slide that goes through it. Lounge chairs in the shallow water, outside gambling tables (yes there are some $5 minimum tables too), a fire pit, and nice size hot tub for the evening, it's perfect, albiet maybe not big enough for the amount of people dying to use it. Fifth, surprisingly delcious dining options, especially love the Grotto restaurant for amazing Italian fare at reasonable prices. (See my review on that) AND their Cafe is pretty darn good. The service is a tad slow there though. So, for many reasons, the Golden Nugget is my favorite hotel in Vegas!
4	The Rush Tower of Golden Nugget is a must stay when looking for a place to spend the night when in Downtown Las Vegas. It has its own checkin area, separate from the regular Golden Nugget rooms. The room itself is amazing. It can definitely beat some of the rooms on the Stripe, and definitely the surrounding Downtown casinos. It's spacious. Comfy bed. Leather couch. Flat screen television mounted on the wall.But what I love the most about the rooms in the Rush Tower is the bathroom. It is huge! ("That's what she said!" jkjk) The bathroom sliding doors open up to a counter top that has two sinks. There is a tub/shower with a rain-fall style shower head. Another reason why I like this bathroom is because there is a separate room with a closing door for the toilet. So that way, the rest of the bathroom can be used while the john is being occupied.Last but not least, the pool itself should be reason enough to stay here. In their pool area, there is a three story water slide in which you can slide through a tank filled with sharks. How cool is that!
4	cons are its not on strip.if you are in the new"" tower you will be impressed. the rooms are beautiful, easily on par with the new hot hotels such as the aria etc... the casino isnt as nice but its not bad. this is an overall good place.
1	I have stayed at the Golden Nugget quite a few times over the years. My experiences have always been decent for the most part. But this last trip has nearly destroyed any chance of me ever going back. We (girlfriend and I) checked in Friday night the15th of July. First night there was nice and no complaints. Saturday the 16th was an epic day of rudeness and disbelief.On Saturday I got out of bed and went down to the Starbucks in the hotel. The employee at the Starbucks was not the friendliest which was kind of shocking. Also both drinks seemed to be about 1/3 empty but I was too tired to deal with it and went back to the room.After enjoying our 2/3 cups of Starbucks my girlfriend and I got on the elevator to go start our day. A very nice couple tells us good morning and then asks us what the deal is with people around here and they tell us that no one is friendly. I explain to them that perhaps there are a lot of people from LA in town this weekend due to carmageddon and that people from LA are generally assholes. Little did I know the nice couple from Michigan had basically predicted our day.So my girlfriend and I go to play a little blackjack while we wait on our friends who will be joining us to go to the buffet. I buy in for $260 and proceed to lose it. After playing for a while I ask the pit boss for two comps for the buffet and he just says no. I try to get him to explain why and he just says he is new and he can't check my players card and can't do this and can't do that and blah blah blah. Now I normally play in the high limit room as much as $300 a hand on average and here I am getting told no for a buffet comp. I HAVE NEVER BEEN TURNED DOWN AT ANY CASINO FOR A BUFFET COMP. After a few minutes the same pit boss came over and apologized and gave me the comps. BUT IT NEVER SHOULD HAVE HAPPENED TO BEGIN WITH. So after this I decide to go talk to the casino host and find out where I stand on comps. The host was very unfriendly and lacking in personality and manners. She informed me that all she showed was 1 hour and 15 minutes of playing the night before. I told her that I had bought in at the high limit room for $200, craps table for $200, poured $300 into the $5 a spin Wheel of Fortune, and played other slots for several hours after blackjack at $25 a hand for a few hours. Her response was "sometimes people don't do their jobs and you need to make sure you are getting credit when you play." Great. So now I have to make sure that the casino employees are doing the jobs that they are paid to do. I am not a manager. I am a customer. So I gambled and gambled and got no credit for it and got treated like a scrub by the casino host who seemed to take pleasure in denying me any kind of comps.So then our friends arrive and we decide to go up to the buffet. We go to the buffet and are seated and the service is attentive if not friendly. But my first trip to the buffet I apparently was bothering the person who slices the roast beef. He was very unfriendly.As my girlfriend and I and another female in the party were sitting down a loud sexual comment was directed at the girls by a group of 6 twenty something white guys who were drunk one table over. It was a comment that would not be tolerated in a strip bar but apparently it's ok here. I approached the table of scum and demanded to know who said what. Between the very scared server and my girlfriend not wanting to see her boyfriend end up getting jumped by 6 guys I somehow made it back to my table and sat down and was prepared to move on. But this action relayed weakness to the scum in the party of 6 and at this point they began hurling even further insults and innuendo our way for the whole restaurant to see and then began threatening physical violence upon my party.I had to ask the staff TWICE to call security.  Approximately one minute after the party left the security guard arrived and I told him what happened and his response was "Well I didn't see it so I can't do anything about it and if they're guests at the hotel then I can't do anything to them." I WAS SHOCKED AND APPALLED TO SAY THE LEAST. Apparently if you are a guest at the Golden Nugget you can get away with quite a lot. I was so disgusted by his response. I am a regular patron of casinos. I've spent more time gambling in my life than 98% of Americans. I've been to casinos all over this country and have VIP status at many. This would NEVER have been tolerated at another casino. I have seen people removed for foul language let alone threatening other patrons along with a mob of your fellow scumbags and making sexual comments towards women in the restaurant.We did not gamble one more cent in the Golden Nugget. This is disgusting behavior but what is even more disgusting is that the casino security did not care. Thanks for a great time Golden Nugget.
2	A group of us arrived at the Golden Nugget wed night, and went to check in; both of our reservations were messed up. I was in the Gold Tower and it should have been a nonsmoking room, and my friends where in another tower and theirs should have a king nonsmoking room. The front desk didn't seem to care that we did not get what we asked for and when making the reservation, like most of you know have to pay for your 1st night. Well just because you paid your 1st night that does not give you what you paid for. Was told since we checked in after 10 that is why the nonsmoking rooms are gone, due to people coming and renting rooms. WOW really?  Was placed on the 2nd floor in the gold tower and was placed in a room with a great view of the back of Golden Nugget sign on for Freemont st,,,,yea that rocked.     The staff was unfriendly and not very helpful. It felt like the "if you don't like it you can leave" attitude was displayed by the entire staff.  The room was nice other than the view, there was no need to even open the window.  That was my 1st time staying at the Golden Nugget and mostly my last.   But on the plus side  The Tank rocked, however little disgusted with that fact that you have to rent chairs by the pool when its already only hotel guest that can get into the Tank.  The shark tank is very cool and the pool that wraps around it is nice, enjoyed watching the fish, friends went on the slide through the shark tank that was good times.
5	What a beautiful hotel on the inside! My Grandmother stayed here with her sisters and I had the pleasure of eating at the buffet with them as well as enjoying the pool, which is the best part about the hotel (aside from the fact that the rooms are the most amazing hotel rooms I've ever seen.) The pool has a slide that runs all the way through a fish tank. It's kind of scary to think about it because there are sharks swimming with the fish, as the slide has see-through walls so you get to view it going down. Pretty amazing to see though. The second and third tier by the pool have outdoor cabanas so you get to enjoy being pool side with a group. If I could afford it next time, I'd definitely stay at Golden Nugget in Vegas.
4	What an awesome pool!  I stayed there for a training, which is kind of silly given that I am local.  The room was pretty decent and I was pleasantly surprised.  My husband and kids came to visit me one of the nights.  We hit the buffet and then the pool.  My daughter loved the fish tank.  She just wanted to hang out by it.  My son was a bit surprised of how fast the slide was.  We were all under the impression that you went a bit slower through the fish tank part, but the slide just shoots you through!  The food, not so good, in both the training and the buffet.  Yet, the room and the pool make this place worthwhile.
5	We always stay at the Golden Nugget we go to Vegas.  The hotel is always clean and luxurious.  This was the first time that we brought our kids who really wanted to hang out by the pool.  I must say, that while the pool is nice, it seems a tad small.  Also, if you want to have a seat, you will need to be at the pool area way before it opens, which isn't really a bad thing because it is nice to just lay out there and relax.  We love being downtown rather than on the strip and this is the best hotel downtown.  We have been and will continue to be repeat customers.
3	I'd say this is the venetian of downtown... If you are staying downtown, stay here. The shark tank is very cool and the pool is nice. The rooms are nice and fairly remodeled. I sort of have a different opinion of downtown in general, so I'm trying really hard not to judge this hotel on the "fremont experience". The gambling was good because they had $5 tables.
3	Well our first room had a bum toilet but they switched us with no problems.  Decor was nice, rooms were clean.  I loved the pool THE TANK and got to hangout a little at THE HIDEOUT.  Didn't have too much luck at the casino but I'm kinda unlucky anyhow.  I like that they have tons of place to eat here and their little cafe was great.   For the price and location on Freemont street I was pleased
3	I stayed here for 5 nights this past week and was told it was the "Bellagio" of the downtown hotels.Overall, an excellent stay, and even more excellent value for the money. They give you this coupon/promotion book as you check-in, and you can make a free $20-$30 if you go around and use it at the casino.The pool area was nice, and unfortunately this time I did not get to take the slide down through the shark tank (but definitely plan to on my next visit!)So to explain, the 3 star rating is simply driven by a horrible check-in experience on arrival (everything else qualified for 4-5 star ratings). They had a medium length line (maybe 10 ppl in front of me), but only one person checking us in at a time. And each person, I swear, took 20 minutes each. So it took almost 2 hours to get checked-in, which truly sucked. The flight to Vegas was only 1.5 hours. On top of that, two other employees at the show ticket counter were not jumping in to help (even though their lines were empty).So anyways, overall averaged out to 3 stars.. Also, btw, Fremont Street experience is pretty cool.. I would say on par with the strip.
1	Our air went out, although it was replaced I was told by maintenance to prop up books or stuff to hold the drapes back from the vent part of the air conditioner. This just looks so ghetto. I shouldn't have to deal with stuff while on vacation. The worse part about it was that I e mailed a complaint and attached pictures of the lovely AC and have not heard back and when I called I was told the e mail was enough and was basically hung up on. And what's with all the dead crickets around the pool? Gross
5	I have never considered staying off the Strip before, but after our "stay" at the Golden Nugget, I might have to reconsider.After hearing about the Nugget's awesome water slide (that GOES THROUGH A SHARK TANK), we booked a room in the middle of our stay elsewhere. First impression: this place in general is a lot nicer than I'd expected. While the casino does show some signs of its age, the lobby could have fit in perfectly with the fanciest resorts on the Strip. Our room, while a little dark, was still much nicer than expected.Now, onto the pool. As I mentioned before, the draw here was SHARK TANK WATER SLIDE, and it did not disappoint. Not only can you slide through a tube that goes through a tank full of big toothy sharks, but the rest of the pool surrounds said tank and makes for great observation. There is tons of lounging space around the pool, including couches and what were essentially big round "beds" (you know, in case you want to play Vitruvian Man). A couple of ice buckets of beer ($20 for 5 beers, not too bad), a swim in close proximity to man-eating fish, and you've got a recipe for a fantastic afternoon.Like I said, now that I've tried it, I would actually consider coming back for a longer stay. The Golden Nugget has the glitz of new Vegas (at least as much as I can handle), but still retains the more laid-back, non-ultralounge vibe of old Vegas.
4	Wow - what a gem on Fremont!  I had to be talked in to staying here, and now will definitely go back!  I like the ease of walking around on Fremont as opposed to TREKKING all over the strip.  The 80s experience was a great time - I hope they continue to do things like that.  The pool area was awesome and easy to access.  Rooms were spacious and clean.only drawback - food is better on the strip.
4	What a gem!  Last bit of class in downtown.  Great staff, clean rooms, great casino!!!  Plus if you are feeling like being a bit dodgy - all the finest in decadence (albeit trashy decadence) is only a stones throw away.  I'd definitely recommend this place, especially if you are on a budget!
1	First time here... I am also a Landrys Select member...I wish they would have told me the following upon check in...Upgraded room consists of loud music from the pool... I'm here with my kids now and none of us can sleep because of the loud music and bass from the pool...Didn't realize an upgrade consisted of not being able to sleep, annoying bass and music, and nothing to block out their establishments noise!!! Even the air conditioner isn't blocking out the club music.Not a happy customer right now...And again, another Landrys fail... I can't wait to check out in the morning asap... Its 1:30am and my room is still filled with music and bass... So much noise. I pretty much paid to have club music played in my room all night. What a waste off moneyThe only good thing here is the pool, and even that was a huge hassle. :(
4	shark tank
5	Highly recommended hotel!  My second time in Vegas.  The First time I stayed at Paris.  This trip out I stayed 8 days at MGM Grand and then 1 day at The Golden Nugget.  I wanted to see downtown LV.  I have to say this was the best day of the whole trip.  The service here was unbeatable, esp. compared to every place on The Strip.  The employees actually like their jobs, they care about you and they go out of their way to show you just this,My favorite part was the AMAZING OUTDOOR POOL!  Three Pool areas, a jacuzzi, private cabanas, cushioned clean and covered chaise chairs.  The 3 story high water slide goes right through the HUGE shark tank!  Very kid friendly too.  Private adult pool for those looking for more quiet atmosphere.  The room was 100 plus tax.  Can't beat this price anywhere in Vegas.  The room didn't have a coffee pot, a fridge or a microwave (BUT NO HOTEL IN VEGAS DOES!!!) The room was newly updated- nice bed, huge flat screen tv, great view, cozy.  The buffet was better than the MGM buffet by FAR!  When checking in, we received 2 Buy one, get one Buffets.  The price is already half that of the Strip Buffets.  I felt you got a lot for the price.  Gnotto, restaurant, VERY GOOD!  The Wedding Cake is a must have!I honestly cannot say a single bad thing about this hotel.  After my experience all week at the MGM and multiple places along the Strip, I was ready to leave and never come back to LV.  This hotel has changed my perspective and I will def. be staying here again if  and when I come back to Sin City.  The bus stop is right outside the hotel and makes for easy access anywhere on the Strip.  Another nice thing about this hotel is that you dont have to walk 20 minutes to the pool, or to the lobby, or to the food areas.  Everything is pretty close.
3	This Golden Nugget has built a new tower (Rush) and upgraded the rooms in an attempt to make people believe that this is a 4 or 5 star hotel.  And in fact, the rooms are gorgeous both in the Rush Tower suites and the Gold Tower rooms.  However, the Front Desk people are lacking the most basic interpersonal skills when dealing with customers.Rush Tower Notes: Noise from the Fremont Street is noticeable if you are on the North Side with most shows going until midnight.  On the South Side noise from the pool is noticeable on the lower floors and goes until midnight or 2 am depending on the day.Gold Tower rooms are decorated similar to the Rush rooms, but the renovations that they did were not that well planned out, especially in the bathroom.
5	For all those people who don't get away from the Strip in Vegas...you are missing out.  We stayed here for two nights in the Rush Tower suite for less than $200.  We had a king sized bed, two flatscreen TVs, a view of the pool, a couch, a coupon book...(which we never used but it did have some great deals in it) The room was modern and everyone who worked at the hotel was helpful and attentive to our needs.  Plus, we won money at the casino!  We basically won enough to cover our expenses for the two nights plus a little more.  The pool has been redone and houses a tropical fish and shark tank, and it has a water slide.  A GREAT place to stay and I will be back.
4	first time staying on fremont and i must say i was a little worried. out here for work and i can't be picky since work gets me hotels. Place is not bad I must say, wouldn't mind staying here again. Pool is cool, has a slide and aquarium. seating can be hard so get there early or not with a big crowd cause you will have to sit apart. give this place a try if you haven't stayed if the price is right.
4	Stayed there Aug. 26-29th.  Room was clean and roomy.  Casino offers a lot of entertainment and good food.  Beautiful shark tank in the pool area.  Conviently located down town on Fremont with easy access to the strip.  I highly recommend this place
4	The jewel of downtown Las Vegas hotels by far. We stayed in the older Carson Tower, but it's still way above any other hotel in this area. Staff was very helpful and friendly.
5	If i have my way I'm never going to stay on the strip again.We got a suite in rush tower. The room was beautiful and the price was so reasonable. The bed was amazingly comfortable too. It took me a minute to find the blowdryer so i was panicking thinking about walking around with wet hair but i found it in the closet, so my only tip would be to make it easier to find. ;) The pool was fantastic, the shark tank is amazing and the water slide is so fun. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants but we got dessert from the chocolate box and the cupcakes were really good. All the staff we met were really nice and we didn't lose in the casino! I'll be back!
5	beautiful pool ,amazing sensational look!!!great place to be!!
4	I got a chance to check out this Las Vegas gem last weekend when my friends were staying here. They were in the Penthouse suites at the top of the Gold Tower. Seriously recommend this place! They give you a special key to get to the top...provide free coffee and water in the morning, along with snacks all day long.In addition you can use the concierge service, VIP check-in (that actually acts like VIP check-in - as in, you go into a lounge to get checked in as opposed to schlepping through a line like everyone else). The casino floor gets jammed, there are a lot of smokers, and the clientele tends to be *cough* fairly old, but other than those slight downsides, it's a lovely old hotel. The pool is fantastic, with a super fun water-slide that goes through a SHARK TANK! How can you not love it? Last but not least, I highly recommend renting one of the cabanas at the Hideout Pool on top of the hotel for the day. The cabana is only $100 for the day and they have very reasonable bottles. I'm coming back here again -- in fact I may move all my business here. Love the Nugget!
4	So since I moved here I really wanted to check out the Shark pool! I ended up booking a room at Golden Nugget one weekend and it was a good time. We checked out Fremont Experience which is always fun and always convenient to be able to just walk back to our hotel and chill. That night we checked out the bar at the pool. The upper level pool is open until 2am which is nice. We went for a dip and then chilled on a daybed and in the hot tub later on that night. The next day we got up bright and early to hit up the pool. It was before 10am when the actual pool opens but the area is opened and it was 70% full already! I guess people get there early to grab a seat! Anyway, the pool is really cool and the slide is pretty fun. It is pretty hard to see the fish and sharks when you are in the slide. Standing in the pool next to the tank is pretty crazy. Glad I checked it out!
2	Booked a non-smoking room.  Upon arrival I was told that there were no more non-smoking rooms available.  Apparently all the non-smoking rooms were given away the day before.  They said the smoking rooms would be deodorized and we would be able to move to another room the next day.  They went on to say that we should have booked using the guarantee upgrade.  For $30 more they would guarantee we would have a non-smoking room.  What kind of the BS is this? I have to pay extra to insure I don't get a room that smells like an astray?  Go to the room and it did indeed smell like an astray (20 solid years of smoking I'd say).  Housekeeping eventually came up and deodorized the room, but in honesty it did very little to mask the smell of cigarettes.  In a couple hours the room smelled just as bad as when we first walked in.  We ended up going to a Walgreens and buying air fresheners and deodorizers.  I really cant overstate how bad it reeked of cigarettes.  I've stayed in plenty of smoking rooms over the years and this was definitely the worst.  Called downstairs the following morning, couldn't get through to anyone at the front desk.  Called a few more times and eventually left a message with the front desk regarding a room change.  Never heard back from the front desk about the room change.  Stayed another night in the astray and left early never looking back.  Needless to say we will not be coming back to stay at Golden Nugget.  I'll stick to the better hotels on the strip where customer service is golden.
5	Maybe it's my "Old Soul ways"  or the fact that when I am in Vegas I just long to get back to the days when Frank, Dino, Sammy and Joey were performing in the Copa Room. But I have to say, I love me some Golden Nugget.Don't get me wrong, I am a part-time Diva I enjoy shopping and I spend the day where all the Glam and ostentatious buildings are settled.  But when the Sun sets in Vegas you can always find me where a favorite haunt of the Frank Sinatra was "The Nostalgic Freemont",  and you can really experience it at  the Golden Nugget.  The "Shark Tank" is F$%&ing Fantastic.  an enclosed three-story water slide allows you to practically swim with the sharks.  You have the option to rent a cabana or just plant yourself on a cozy bed or sofa poolside and a gorgeous cocktail waitress will be at your call.  Gambling is available outside as well!I have always been lucky both in the Casino and Hotel Room Wink, Wink,The Golden Nugget conveniently has the best Restaurant Vic and Anthony's Steakhouse.   Thank you Tilman J. Fertitta and I must add per my yelp review.  Please bring Vic and Anthony's to Galleria Dallas like you originally planned.
4	Stayed at the Golden Nugget on a Sunday and Monday night in April. We had originally wanted to stay on the strip but, due to two large conventions, had to stay downtown. In hindsight, I'm glad we did. I researched Tripadvisor.com and noticed that the Golden Nugget had some pretty good reviews (the new Rush tower in particular). I am happy to say that the Rush tower did not disappoint. Room: Elegantly modern rooms, great room rate and a very good night's sleep. If you are willing to spend a few dollars more, per night, upgrade your room to the Rush Tower. It's worth it. The beds are very comfortable. The rooms are very quiet (we stayed on the 16th floor with a strip view). Food: My wife and I dined at Lillie's Asian Cuisine, The Buffet, the Grille and Grotto. Lillie's was pretty good. I had the General Tso chicken and my wife had the Kung Po chicken. Both were flavorable but the General Tso was better...I reccomend it. On Monday, we had lunch at Grotto. This was very good. The Golden Nugget got a 4-star review from me, based on Grotto and the quality of our room. I had the Spinach-Pear salad and my wife had the grilled chicken and marinara sandwhich. Both plates were excellent. The Breakfast Buffet was pretty good. Nice warm plates and delicious omlettes. Out of all the places we dined in Golden Nugget, Grotto was, by far, the best.Overall, we liked the Golden Nugget and we will stay here again. The location is not near the strip. That is the ONLY reason why I did not give this establishment 5-stars. At night, we mainly gambled and hung out in the lounges downstairs. We watched the Freemont Street experience as well as the assorted bands, performers, costumed people and overall freak-parade. Never a dull moment at night on the Freemont!! We wanted to go party at Gold Diggers but didn't get a chance to.
5	Best place to stay downtown! It has easy access to the Fremont Street Experience and an AWESOME shark tank pool. We paid extra to get into the pool upstairs for adults which was a great place to chill. Our room was tidy as usual and the staff was courteous.
5	Room: nice and cleanPool: Suppose to be the World's greatest pools.. I agree.. it is LOL It has a large slide that goes through a shark tank. Very nicely done. I went down it twice :)I wish there was a tram or shuttle that would take to the strip and back.. otherwise this is the greatest hotel in downtown!
3	The hotel itself is pretty good. Nice rooms, good location, fair price. The pool is amazing and drinks are pretty reasonable at H20. My grief is with Lillie's Noodle House and Grotto Ristorante (see me reviews). I'll boil my experience at those restaurants to this: customer service, or customers in general, clearly aren't the focus of these places.Upon checkout, my brother was asked how our experience was. He broke it down for them and they offered to comp us dinner that evening. Too little too late as we were leaving town (the fact that we were checking out should have told her that).Would I come back? Likely. Would I try the restaurants? I'm not saying no, but who really knows.
5	I've stayed in many places in Vegas.  The Golden Nugget had as nice a room as I've stayed in town.  It was clean and comfortable.  The pool area was fun and inviting.  I will be back.
4	4 stars, only bc the food here is lacking in tastiness....and there really isn't any good entertainment.  Other than that it is super clean, classy and decorated really nice.  I LOVE the light fixtures in this hotel (lobby & casino areas).  The pool/shark tank is pretty amazing and The RUSH TOWER is super nice & rooms are amazing.  No free internet/wifi, but I suppose no one really does that anymore...(except the cheapy hotel chains...i.e. super 8's....weird?)Oh, & THE FREMONT STREET EXPERIENCE is right outside the front door, pretty fun place to people watch...(freak show...ha!)
4	Needed an economical place in Las Vegas for a couple of nights.  The Golden Nugget stood up and filled this need in a very good way.  Think about it . . . $47/night  (Priceline). . . a clean room and hotel, an amazing comfortable bed, good, I mean really good restaurants . . . read those reviews and a friendly and attentive staff  . . . and I tell you this . . . even if it is not on the Strip, well, Fremont street is just outside and this hotel has value.  I will be trying out some other hotels but I know that I am returning here after I try some other place and have hard experience to return me to the truth . . . this place delivers on value.  If I want the Strip . . . well it is just down the street.  Call me simple but sometimes I just want simple.  Enough said.
4	Nicely remodeled, clean and modern with very good rates. The pool area never really gets full sun and was always packed wall to wall. The only trouble is that you are in old downtown and far away from the hot spots. Allow an additional $20-$25 taxi ride to all of the big name modern casinos.
4	This is a Strip quality hotel that's smack in the middle of Downtown Las Vegas. This hotel has a little bit of everything and it does it very well. Fremont Street has that tank top and shorts kind of feel but when you walk into The Golden Nugget you kinda feel under dressed...That is unless you are going to their beautiful shark tank / slide / Pool / lounge area...They even have an okay night club that overlooks Fremont from a second floor deck called Gold Diggers. The hotels' prices a little high for Downtown's standards but you definitely get your moneys worth. If this hotel was on the strip they would easily charge twice the price. You will not be disappointed with this hotel.
2	I have very mixed feelings about this hotel after my last stay with them this past weekend.  I have been a regular guest at this hotel for the past 5 years and have chosen to stay there because I always felt safe.  I travel alone often and this hotel has always met my needs for privacy and comfort.  I was very disappointed with the staff on this last trip however.When charging items to a room they would ask for your room number and last name out loud and most guests would respond aloud not thinking twice about it.  I know that there are crazy people out there who would take advantage of such information.  When I was asked for my room number ad last name I simply handed the waitress my Guest Services card which told her what she needed to know.  She gave me a hard time about it and asked me again.  I explained to her that I would not reveal my last name and room number aloud and she had everything she needed in her hand.  The hotel purposely gives guests such a card to use for such an occasion.  Afterwards I was so bothered by this encounter I called to speak with the Guest Services manager.  I was told he was on the other line and he would call me back.  I left a message as to what the conversation was regarding and left my cell phone number in case I was out of my room.  NEVER HEARD FROM THE GUY!  I am not one to rant and rave about issues.  In fact, I tend to be positive about places I visit/stay but this really upsets me!  How can you completely ignore a call from a guest who is worried about her privacy??   I am so disappointed in the service I received.I do think the Casino is nice along with the food and pool.  It is nice to be on Fremont street without all the noise in the room.  I would have gladly given this hotel 5 stars had the Guest Services Manager simply called me back.  I just wanted to make him aware of the the privacy inconsistencies is all.  Very disappointed.
5	This is my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas. It has an amazing positive energy, and a perfect location on Fremont Street. The $30m pool is by itself a reason to visit Vegas. My only complaint? $15 wifi.
4	freaking coolest spot in vegas. f the strip. this place was the vegas from oldtimes ...when it was a classy place to go. well, maybe not. haha...but the kind of vegas that makes you want to dress up and go out and live life lavishly. definitely plan on staying here in the summer an taking advantage of the badass pool i covetously looked at while there.  big on glitz and shinyness
1	I didn't stay at the hotel, only went to the buffet.All I can say is, It's bad when the best part of the buffet is the beverage.
1	After debating it for a few weeks, I sent in an email to their customer service rep to complain about Lillie's Noodle House. Because Grotto Ristorante had remedied their service and went out of their way to do so, I grew more and more angry at the pathetic experience at Lillie's. The only way I could get in touch with Lillie's was to email the hotel (big surprise, a shitty excuse for a restaurant has no way of getting in touch with them). I emailed them with a copy of my Yelp! review about two weeks ago and a few extra words of disappointment and have yet to receive anything.Way to take care of things Golden Nugget!!!
4	Love the Rush Tower.  Great looking room and a great price.  Comfy bed and chaise/sofa.  Bathroom, just beautiful.  Check out my pics.  Only thing missing is a mini fridge and free wifi.  That would've made it five stars.  But still a beautiful room, good bang for the buck.
4	Exceeded expectations. Very clean, hip room that was better than those I've had at much more expensive places on the strip. Nice staff. Great pool area. Didn't try the restaurants. The sports book was a mixed bag. If they could do a better job of running off the vagrants, it would be a very nice alternative to big, impersonal books like Caesars.Room tip: If you plan to go to bed before 2 a.m., ask for a room NOT facing Fremont. The street noise is loud even on upper floors.
5	Ok, so it is hard for me to give five stars, but the Golden Nugget got them!  Went the other day.  I haven't played craps at a casino before, so the 10 am teaching table with a $5 minimum was right up my alley!  We got $200 in chips and walked out an hour and a half later with about $500.  It was great!  The dealers were awesome and did a really good job explaining how the betting was done.  I had a great time!
5	Best spot downtown other than the Fremont, the pool area is nice, the restaurant and bars are good and the overall feel of the place makes your forget you're downtown...until you walk outside and see the homeless vagrants wandering around. Rooms are clean, the toilets are pretty extreme when they flush, beds are comfortable and if you're hungover there's plenty of tv channels to surf through.
5	Golden Nugget exceeded our expectations.  We got a really great price for our room and guest services was really helpful and polite.  It isn't on the strip, it's downtown but has lots to offer and has a lot of entertainment.  There is zip lining right outside the hotel along with many food places, shops and entertainers.  The restaurants and bars are really great!  The Chart House has amazing fresh fish and a really cool aquarium inside; they also have really tasty signature drinks.  We also ate at the Red Sushi Bar.. yummy;)  They also have a really cool pool area with a slide that goes through an aquarium that's filled with fish and sharks.  The pool closes at 5pm but the hot tub and the heated upstairs pool stays open until 2am.  I think this is a great hotel for adults and children, especially if you're looking for something more casual but still Vegas fun.
4	This is one of my favorite Hotels in Vegas! Always encourage my friends and family to try it out atleast one/two nights of their stay! The casino is just the right size--not too big and not too small. The poker room isn't the greatest but its not the worst either! If you are gambling, servers are really good about bringing you beverages here at this casino! Rush Lounge, right off of the casino is awesome to just sit relax and have a drink while listening to some live music free! Make sure you get to see "Harry as Elvis" and his band play...They are GREAT!!!  There is an awesome sushi restaurant! Vic and Anthony's is a very yummy steakhouse if you're looking for fine dining! The Habachi Grill isn't bad either! There is a fabulous Chocolate Shoope in the lobby too when youre craving a something sweet! Dont expect anything too crazy awesome from a hotel buffet.... just saying... it is a buffet! The pool is very relaxing--lounge chairs you can sit in the pool with while you watch the sharks/fishy swimming in the tank! The pool area is relatively small considering some of the other hotel's pools, there is plenty of shade or sun if you find the right place. Drink girls are walking arounc constantly with food and drink items for sale--you can play blackjack and watch some ESPN poolside. There are children running around due to the slide that runs through the center of "The Tank" But besides this... it's not a bad pool. Located in Downtown "old vegas" on Freemont Street. Freemont street is it's own world! You will see it all here! This is where you will find all of your impersonators, talent acts, show girls, girls dancing on the tables, etc. etc. Here you will see what you expect to see in Vegas!
4	the wife got here boot beer here which was cool and we had breakfast here as well pretty nice for a older place in vegas i prob would stay here even.
4	The Golden Nugget is home to the largest gold nugget ever discovered and guess who found it? A random man who was digging outside his trailer home. I think an elf brought some luck to him one night. Now I wonder where that man is now! This casino represents old Vegas amd does a great job protraying it. It reminds me of a casino in Tahoe.  The slot machines are older but work well, the staff is friendly and its a no frills casino meaning that it provises gambling and that is about it! But it's a great spot and definitely worth visiting!
3	We stayed at the Golden Nugget for one night -- and this review is expressly about our Gold Club Room.  These are nice rooms, nicely appointed and much better than the normal room.  They're on a floor only accessed on the elevator by a Gold Club key.  Some of the perqs are coffee in the morning and great snacks like nuts and chocolate covered raisins in the afternoon/evening.  And there lies the problem.  We checked in at 4, got to our room, checked the snacks and discovered that of the 4 bowls, three had been cleaned out (like someone with a big plastic bag had come by and taken everything).  Plus their complimentary water bottles were gone.We couldn't go to sleep that early since our room overlooked the Fremont St. Experience and "Born To Be Wild" was blasting away during the midnight show right  below us.  So when I went to get the morning coffee -- nothing.  No coffee, no juice, no bottles of water.  I went down to the VIP office where the woman said they put it out at 6 (it was now 8:30).  Great!  They eventually did bring some more coffee and water -- but if they are trying to run a nice upgrade properly, they need to work at this in a big way.  We'll probably never stay here again (since there are so many hotels in Vegas who actually know what they're doing).
4	Have stayed at the GN twice in the last two years.  It has failed to disappoint each time.  It is incredibly impressive how so much is crammed into such a small footprint (compared to the strip).  The restaurants our fantastic, including Vic and Anthony's a premium steakhouse.  The gambling is part old Vegas and part strip.  The dealers are professional and helpful and the attitude of the entire staff is nice and welcoming. My adult son and i enjoy the downtown location because other casinos are a mere short walk away.  Downtown is getting its own bar and restaurant scene making it a tough choice to venture to the strip.  'During the summer, the pool can be crowded - but it is a stop all its own because of the shark tank.  A water slide through the shark tank! Highly recommend the GN for a true Las Vegas experience without the hassle or up charge of the strip.
4	If you're going stay in downtown Vegas, the clear and only choice is the Golden Nugget. Traveling alone on personal business (summer 2011) I stayed in the Rush Tower and was impressed with the room for such a reasonable price. The Nugget's recent remodeling was evident in the casino's fresh decor and updated look, the room was comfortable, quiet and offered a nice view. The bathroom and shower weren't gross. Service from the hotel staff and front desk was mixed on my stay. I guess they can't read the 'Do Not Disturb' sign. Don't attempt to call the front desk they don't pickup. The internet service was wired and getting logged on was a bit of a mystery. Room service was good but food was outrageously expensive. Don't look for a coffee pot in the room, there is none, so expect to wait in long lines at the Starbucks in the lobby or hit downtown on foot. Finally, my late check out was not communicated to maid service. Regarding location, the free parking garage is convenient to the hotel but located on the wrong side of the building, the GPS got lost and so did I. Downtown Vegas doesn't bring the allure and attraction of the Strip, but the Nugget is very convenient to Fremont street's 'experience'. Several bars and clubs have opened downtown so there's bit more to do than just sit in a casino. The neighboring casino's, however, are pretty much garbage and not recommended.The Nugget's huge pool, shark tank, restaurant are cool attractions, the property and amenities are impressive. The attached upscale steakhouse gets good reviews but I didn't hit on my brief stay. Gaming tables were fine, signage and directions around the casino and hotel are weak - meaning you really have to look for them. Minimums are lower downtown and I know the slots are cheaper and known to payoff more than the Strip.If you're looking for that Old Vegas feel while not having to compromise on luxury at a reasonable price, the Nugget is worth checking out.
5	This review is for the casino only.I husband won 5 grand on our wedding day on penny progressive slots.Thanks for the wedding present!!
3	This is the only hotel I've stayed at downtown - I know, hard to believe a person from Hawaii never stayed at the California!!  But I'm really picky about what hotels I stay at and the California and every other hotel located downtown always made me feel itchy while walking through - like I said before: "Happy Faye, happy stay!"The rooms were pretty average, but I only stayed in their standard rooms.I've had good experiences here and never felt unsafe (while in the hotel room and casino area).  All of the employees were always nice and helpful, which is always good to have!  Their 24 hour coffee shop serves good food at reasonable prices (they even have some "Hawaii friendly" menu items!).
3	One of the few places in Downtown that still has a poker room and a Sunday night tournament for only a $65 buy in. Mostly locals here or so it seemed and I got killed on a couple of great hands at the $1/$2 no-limit table. I will be back someday.
4	My favorite hotel in downtown Las Vegas.  It went through recent renovations and looks amazing.  It doesn't even stink of smoke that bad.  Check-in was easy.  The room was clean and spacious.  The heater worked well and quickly, which was handy in chilly December.  Free toiletries of shampoo, conditioner and soap.  There was a vanity area with a magnified, lit up mirror.  The only garbage can was in the bathroom.  Coffee maker in room, but the coffee comes in a 4 pack which is $10 if opened.  It's a better deal to just stop into the Starbucks downstairs.  The flat screen TV looked nice, but we never turned it on as we were busy having fun in Las Vegas.  I kind of wished the girl at reception wouldn't assign us a room that was in the process of being cleaned when we actually went up to it.  Also, a mini-fridge would have been cool, but the ice maker was right down the hall.Parking is free for guests.This hotel is conveniently free of hot messes, but Fremont street is adjacent if you're looking for some freaks.
1	worst buffet for this price
5	We had a great time at the craps table here. The dealers were all awesome, especially James from Jersey City, NJ. The table was a $10 minimum and since business was slow, the pit boss agreed to bump that down to $5 for our group. It was a good atmosphere and a nice staff working the floor. I'll definitely be headed back to Fremont for some gambling soon!
3	The renovations left me truly impressed with what I thought was just another remnant of the old downtown Las Vegas.  The rooms were decently decorated and seemed clean/sanitary.What really left me gushing to go back to this hotel was the water slide in their pool.  Now, this just is not any ordinary water slide.  This tube slide runs through their giant aquarium complete with tropical fish and maybe even a shark or two.  Don't worry, the Side note on Starbucks: The one near the main entrance closes before 10pm.  The other location inside the hotel, which is located near the Fremont Experience stays open past 10pm if you're really craving your caffeine.
4	Best hotel rooms downtown (by quite a bit)Best restaurants downtownBest pool downtown (by a million miles)Worst gambling downtownIf you want strip fancy check into the Rush tower which are usually $100 or less a night.  The old south tower can be less than $50 a night.Good buffet, nice Italian restaurant, two great steakhouses.  I've stayed here at least 10 times, but gamble other places.
2	Costomer service experiences since arrival:* The Hide-a-Way bar was closed today due to short-staffing, but no one took the initiative to post a notice to guests.* I called the front desk to ask for pick-up service for dry cleaning. There was an annoyed, "that's the bell hop, I'll transfer you." I was then transferred to what sounded like the bell hop manager's desk line, "you've reached so-n-so, please note my hours are Monday and Tuesday mornings, Wednesday late evenings..."* When manually calling the bell hop at noon for next-day dry cleaning service, got "same-day service has gone out today. You had to get it picked up by 9:30am." This is Vegas, who is up that early? I asked if they could pick it up for the next day so I wouldn't oversleep the deadline and they huffingly said they'd send someone.* Don't try to take the towels out of the pool area. "That's Laundry's policy." Who is this unreasonable "Laundry" who gets their kicks from freezing cold people dashing mostly naked through hotels?* Like some third world country, wireless is NOT considered a basic service. It'll set you back $12 per day.* Their gym (which is probably piss-poor anyway) is $20 per day. Besides poor customer service, the place really isn't that bad. Rooms are pretty clean, but the Rush Tower is worth the steeper nightly rate.
1	I stayed there during the summer.  They have the absolute worst customer service I've ever experienced in any thing I've ever participated in in my life.  Our room got broken into, our stuff got stolen, they refused to take care of us, treated us poorly, did an inspection, even though the lock had been tampered with they still said that they weren't responsible for any of the situation, and treated us like trash.  The acquarium pool was barely open.  I was there for a week and never got to use it.  The staff was rude and short tempered, I lost $2000 worth of items in the robbery (laptop, ipod, etc...), and several of my friends lost more.  According to them, they have no security cameras in the hotel, and couldn't even help us find out when we were robbed.The policy and services at the golden nugget are garbage, they are a horrible business, and I would personally turn anyone and everyone I could ever get to listen to me away from going there.On the plus, their black jack tables were very nice, and the casino staff was friendly.  The drinks were watered down, but I wouldn't ever complain about drinks at the cost of tips.The rest of freemont was a lot of fun, and other than my experience and vacation being drastically harmed by the horrible HORRIBLE choice to stay at the golden nugget, vegas was a fun place to visit.
1	Old Vegas, gaudy, tacky, trashy place on the North Strip. It's yuck and gross and for cowboys and crack smokers. I feel like everyone there is a 70 year old chain smoking jewish grandmother with a trach-ringed 95 year old cowboy husband, all coughing and gagging and playing penny slots with too much make-up. Rooms are ok. No elevator security. Good valet.There is a really nice aquarium in the hotel which is very nice to look at.
4	Though a frequent visitior to LV, hadn't visited let alone stayed "Downtown" in at leat 10-15 years.  Wow, have things changed. Love the way they made a covered pedestrian mall out of the main street.  Not only feels and is far safer to walk around, it makes it fun and interesting, especially at night when the covered 'ceiling' turns into a giant projector screen and lots of good music.  As for our stay at the Golden Nugget, we were equally impressed.  While no doubt it cannot be compared with the top hotels on the Strip, it is nevertheless reasonably classy and quite comfortable.  Best of all it is a very good value, and they treat you far better than the Strip (i.e. far fairer and more generous in 'rating' you for comps).  Definately a good alternative when you want a change of scenery from the Strip.
2	The Nugget has a lot of problems. A lot of the staff seem jaded and rude(which is not unusual in Vegas). There is a 50/50 split on dealers. Some of the pit are very charismatic and friendly, but some hate their jobs and the customers. Pros=Poker Room-The dealers at the poker room are the finest dealers in the casino. Very friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful. The Valet- It's free. They treat you like you are at the Ritz. They call you sir, they work hard, and speak in that sophisticated tone that you would expect from a full service hotel.  They are also very knowledgeable of the whole valley area. If you need directions to Red Rock Canyon or the Boulder Strip, they will know the shortest route. I always leave them a giant tip. Cons= Casino Host. Casino Marketing. Floor Supervisors. Management in General. These cheapo managers don't comp players unless they are staying at the hotel. That means if you are just a local who wants to come here and play, you get Nothing! You can bet $25 a hand for 16 hours and you get NOTHING! You can bet $100 a hand for 16 hours and you still get NOTHING! You get nothing unless you are a guest in the hotel! Remember at the end of the movie "Casino", Sam Rothstein talks about how the corporations hired a bunch of idiots who ruined Las Vegas? Well, the casino marketing department here is obviously who he was talking about.
4	stayed in the carson tower...room was excellent, clean and in great shape except for an odor that come from the sink..a sulfur smell???  comfortable bed, great pillows and a good nights sleep...staff at hotel was friendly, easy check in...the carson tower is a bit of a walk from the main casino floor but worked out well since we ate lots of food while we were there...freemont street at night is not to be missed...Americana at its best!!!  overall a great stay and we will surely be back...buffet was just average at best...
1	The buffet is mid level cafeteria food. That's all I have to say about that.
4	I love the Golden Nugget! My parents decided to surprise my brother and I with a trip to Vegas last year. They told us that we were going to Flaming Gorge Wyoming to stay with some friends for the weekend, and we totally believed them. I should have suspected that something was up when they told us that Wyoming was the exit before Vegas, but I didn't. We pulled into Vegas and my parents told us that we would be spending the weekend there instead, and I was floored! I consider Vegas to be my second home, so this was the perfect surprise. We checked in at the Golden Nugget and our room was pretty nice. We stayed in the old tower because my parents are cheap, but I have no complaints. The beds were nice, and everything seemed to be clean. We spent two nights there, and spent a ton of time in their amazing swimming pool. They have a huge water slide that goes through a shark tank! The only thing I have an issue with is how freaking cold the water is. The cold water is what made this review only 4 stars. You can rent out a cabana, or if you are 21 or older, you gain access to a special "adults only" pool. Hopefully that one is warmer!
5	I had a Penthouse Presidential Suite! I will never forget this trip. It was THE best stay i have ever had with luxurious accomadations. Thank you Golden Nugget, i will be back!
5	Great hotel! We re Rush Tower loyal every trip to Vegas. Great location. Close to everything!  Much better than the strip!!  We didn't get any of the rude service from the staff that everyone talks about.......just a great stay!,,
1	This place was horrible. The room had 2 beds however it was not quite a twin or full. I never seen beds so small. The was no hairdryer, coffee maker, etc. I'm surprised it has running water. The pool was not all that great either. They need to clean the tank so u can see the fish better. Overall, I would not stay here again or recommend it to anyone I know.
4	Nicest casino in the Fremont Street area. Some good restaurant and bar/lounge options that are nicer than the usual options that are caked in decades old cigarette smoke and grime. If I'm going to stop into a casino around here for something other than the usual cheap Fremont Street options, this is the place I go.
4	After visiting Vegas almost a dozen times I finally wandered my way over to Old Vegas, and specifically the Golden Nugget. I had low expectations of this place given the glitz and glamor of the strip. The hotel lobby and casino felt classy and cool. I can't speak to what the rooms looked like. I did make a quick stop by their pool, no hassles (and no room key) I just walked right in. It was so cool, they had a water slide that turned transparent as it goes through a shark tank filled with real sharks, you have to see it to believe it.
4	I have a soft spot for the Golden Nugget. Maybe it's the shark tank that you can ride a water slide through or just the old fashioned marquee lights, but it feels outlandish in a way that I can appreciate when coming downtown. Plus, they have clean bathrooms and ATM's that don't charge astronomical fee's.
4	Booked one night at the Golden Nugget during our recent trip to Vegas.  We couldn't get in anywhere on the strip for our first night, so we thought to give downtown a try for the first time ever.  Boy am I glad we did!  We LOVED the Golden Nugget!  First off, the valet service was nice, especially since it was free.  Check in was easy and we were able to get a room on a high floor not near elevators/ice machines, which was a plus.  The only negative was that we weren't in the newer (Rush) tower and came to find out it wasn't much more to stay over there... I wish someone had offered it to us.  Nonetheless, our room was really nice and clean, the bed was comfortable, and it was a good size.We LOVED the pool area.  Though it was a bit chilly to swim, it was nice to sit outside, listen to music, have a drink, and be near the fire pit.  I do wish they had more more pits though, because it was usually packed and didn't allow for more people to partake in it's glory.  Even though we only stayed one night, we really enjoyed the atmosphere of the Golden Nugget.  There are two starbucks (a huge plus for me) and lots of restaurants to choose from at this hotel and at nearby hotels.  It also is nice that this is the place for cheap gambling (fremont st.).  We'll be back for sure!
4	I love you Golden Nugget!! I played Craps here for the very first time and won 300 bucks!! I cannot wait to go back again!! See you in April!!
4	Service was friendly and helpful ,  we had a problem with our shower the first night but it was fixed quickly and we were thankful we did not have to pack up and move to another room.  Robert at the bar is the BEST  Bartender  so funny and knows alot of good places to eat :)   ask him about Chic filet :)
4	The best hotel/casino down town no question. The place was remodeled and a new tower opened last year that brings this place on par with some of the "big" players on the strip. Simply stated, it's beautiful. Was there last night and the scene was quite lively without being packed. Had a great dinner at their steak/seafood restaurant, The Chart House and drinks at the Gold Digger, a club that overlooks the pedestrian mall, The Fremont Experience. Ended up seeing a punk band and dancing to a country band in the upstairs nightclub at Hennessees down the street. But that's the great part of being down town, everything is in an easy walking distance. If you've always hung on the strip during your Vegas jaunts, give the Nugget and down town a chance, you will not be dissapointed.
1	One full hour to check in.  When I mentioned it to the twenty-something clerk he complained he had been working 12 hours.  Blackjack dealers were not very friendly.   Steve Wynn's legacy of quality service is long dead.   Stay away.
4	I'll give this a 4 and I didn't even stay there.  Old school fancy cool.  Cool fish tank with slide that goes through it.  Fremont street is hopping at night with live music and a light show every hour.  IThink this might have been one of my better stops because all hotel and casinos seem the same after while.  Not this one!
4	This hotel was great. Its not on the strip though. Its actually downtown. It has a old charm to it sort of reminds me of old Hollywood. The pool THE TANK is amazing. This hotel is filled with elderly people though. I'm only 25 but the older people didn't bother me at all. As a matter of fact I'd rather be around them at the end of the night then a bunch of young and loud kids. This hotel is truly like home away from home. When your all worn out from the excitement from the strip hop in a cab, pay about $20 to get back to your hotel oasis! This was my first time in Vegas. The buffet was GREAT as well! The valet service was impeccable. So helpful!!
4	We stayed for two nights, we spent most of Saturday at the pool, it was wonderful.   We had not planned on staying the entire day pool side but hour after after hour we found more things to enjoy.    The room was okay, we were staying in the older tower but we spent very little time in the room.   The hotel had everything we needed and it was very very easy to walk out to Fremont Street to pick up anything else we needed.   We went on the zip line, we had a plan to meet up with a young group who had been staying on the strip, it was easy to meet up in the ice bar and walk down to the zip line area.     On the way the youngsters noticed all the bargain prices on drinks and so they ended up spending the afternoon drinking and gambling on Fremont Street, three of the gals won jackpots so it made it nice to see that they were so happy, being that they were new to gambling.    The reason for 4 stars was the grill was always slow when I went to order items for pool side and the room was old style.    We had a blast, next time we will ask for the newly remodeled tower.
4	this has become our favorite staycation place.  We can get a really nice suite for under $200 and have dinner somewhere nice like the Chart House and it becomes a pretty reasonable getaway.As for entertainment...an after dinner stroll along Fremont Street is hysterical...but a bunch of weird people!  The East Fremont scene is cool to see, but too young for me.The Nugget's Rush Tower and Spa Tower rooms are a great value.
3	If you're going to stay on Fremont Street, this def. is the place to stay. The pool alone is reason enough to stay here. I didn't realize there were sharks in with the fishes and actually dropped my toddler into the water when one swam up to us while our faces were pressed to the glass (I have a major shark phobia) After that we opted to chill on the lounge chairs in the shallow area.Our room was nice, a little worn feeling but the bed was comfy. The Golden Nugget goes for more of the glitzy/opulent vibe while we are more fans of modern/clean/simplistic, but we could appreciate the decorations for what they were. Terrible tv channel offerings, but I suppose most people are out gambling and boozing it up and aren't like boring old us, who were in bed by 10pm. Even walking through the casino, the smoke smell wasn't overpowering which was nice. We hit up the buffet for breakfast and it was good, just standard breakfast fare really. They had a bourbon syrup that was so good I started just eating croissants dipped in that.
4	Old Vegas. Some people love it, and other people....act like it doesn't even exist.I happen to be one of those people who love it.So cheap. So tacky. And such a blast.Sure, modern Vegas is great & fun, but you can do so much more for so much less on Fremont Street!The Golden Nugget is where you should stay if you're into hanging out on Fremont Street, hands down.Myself and 3 other people stayed in one of the Rush Tower deluxe rooms. And the room was fantastic. 2 Televisions, a fantastic bathroom, 2 couches.........but only one bed.When I reserved the room, the website said it was for up to four people and had the option of getting two full beds.When we arrived they told us that was an option, but not a guarantee.Normally this sort of customer service would merit a god awful review.But....they have a slide that goes through a shark tank!And as I said, the room was very nice for the price, especially for 4 people. There was plenty of room to sleep on the couches...but when you're two couples, it's a little less than ideal.But if you're going with a few friends or if that doesn't bother you, then go for it. No regrets staying at the Golden Nugget, and I definitely would do it again. My only complaint is that I wish they'd be a little more honest with their online reservations.
4	I've stayed here, I can't remember the tower but the rooms were huge!I haven't seen all the other hotels rooms but I'm guessing this was one of the nicest.  It was clean, with a nice tv, and a vanity mirror.  Lot's of room to store your luggage around and a table and chairs to relax in.The casino itself is probably the closest thing you're going to get to emulate the strip that it not actually near the strip.  It's big and there is always action going on here.  I tried coming at like 4 in the morning to get on tables here and the lower limits are still always crowded.  Limits here are normally what the strip has, $10, $25, ect.for BlackJack.  Craps tables are always full, and the slots are going non-stop.If you want the closest thing to the vegas strip, without being on the strip, I suggest you come here.And they have a Shark Tank that people can ride a water slide through.
4	"Love this Freemont Street downtown hotel"We love this place. The staff is wonderful! It's also easy entertainment downtown, everything is so much closer than on the strip. They have live music on Freemont Street almost every night and you can go in and out of other casinos and restaurants without the cost of cab fare.The only complaint we had was the room doors close really loud -- you can hear them slamming all day and night, far louder than the Freemont street experience.Liked -- 2 starbucks on siteDisliked -- doors slamming loudlyStayed many times, traveled as a couple
1	if only the service matched the facility and amenities... 2nd consecutive visit where I've been disappointed in the service. being placed in a smoking room, due to overbooking. that really sucked, especially after booking reservations months in advance and specifying NON-SMOKING due to allergies.  I 'scored' a comp of one night free, due to another issue a year prior on my last visit (which I won't go into here), but they charged me for it even when I had pre-paid my stay PRIOR to arrival, so I could avoid a situation like that in the first place!!  I had to go back to the front desk, where the agent had to confer with the front desk manager before crediting out the additional charge.  ugh.  service seems to really be going downhill at this place, which is sad.  It is typically the nicest property downtown.  I think next visit I save money and stay at main street instead.  I did in fact write a complaint letter to GN mgmt., and while the response seemed apologetic, they didn't offer me much more than 2 nights' comp'd stay on the next trip...  I think not.  It seems to me if they were seriously apologetic, they'd throw me a bigger 'bone' than 2 nights' stay.  I don't think so.
4	I must start my review by stating that I stayed on the strip, but visited the Golden Nugget during my stay and was pleasantly surprised. This place is beautiful!!! My heart skipped with joy and delight over this Legendary landmark.
1	WORST hotel stay in my life!  I will NEVER return to this hotel, would rather sleep on a park bench.  and this isn't the first time I have experienced issues at this hotel, but it will be the last!So I was in Vegas on business and I needed a hotel for 1 night.  My plan was to get up early around 4AM and make the 3 hour drive to Las Vegas for work that day.  Then I would check into the Golden Nugget for a well deserved good night's sleep and take my time heading back to L.A. the next morning.  Well, that plan didn't go so well.  Allow me to explain.Since my company was paying for the hotel room, my choices were a bit slim.  And since I refuse to stay on the Strip with all the jack ass, obese, and belligerent tourists I decided to stay at the Golden Nugget.  (I should have slept in my rental car) The hotel room itself was located in the Rush tower and wasn't such a bad room, the problem lied with the unacceptable event and awful service that followed from the management.  After a hard days work and being up since 4am,  I finally went to sleep that night around 2am, ready for a GOOD night's sleep.At 6:01AM on the dot!  I hear what sounds like an EARTHQUAKE coming from just outside my door.  Being an Angeleno, I jumped out of bed and stood under the door frame of the bathroom for cover.  Then I realized I was in Las Vegas and the chances of a quake were slim to none.  I opened my front door only to find 3 construction guys TEARING apart the hallway ceiling with a jackhammer!!!!!!  6:01 AM guys! This was UNACCEPTABLE!  I picked up the phone and demanded to speak with the hotel manager.  When he finally got on the line minutes later I had explained what just happened and how this is unacceptable.  His response?......"Sir would you like me to move you to another room?". Sure Mr. Manager, let me get dressed, pack up my things, change rooms, unpack again, and then try and fall back asleep.  NOOO! I don't want you to switch rooms!  What a jack hole!The manager claimed he had NO IDEA that a hotel guest was staying where the hotel construction was taking place!....So let me get this right, with all the high tech computers you check your guests in with, and all the security cameras around the hotel lobbies and floors, you had NO IDEA that you put a guest in an area where workers were going to begin tearing apart your hotel at 6:01AM????? BULLSH**!After arguing with me for what seemed like 30 minutes and denying that any of this was the hotel's fault and refusing to put me on the phone with his boss, he gives me the classic and insincere corporate apology!  - Great customer service guys!  - Way to build client relationships!- Thanks for the good night's sleep!!!I will never return to this dump!  And I would not recommend this place to anyone who comes to Las Vegas!  I discourage anyone who is thinking of staying here! This city was only good when the mob ran it, they took care of their guests.
5	For downtown this was a great experience.  Free parking, nice friendly staff were everywhere for whatever question you had.   NIce pool and water slide too.
4	What happens when you take twelve young professionals (swanky title I know) on a hot summer day to a chill-out lounge with cheap drinks and a shark tank?Well, it's hard to say, but best experienced!Downtown Las Vegas does have its share of hidden gems, and the H20 Bar in Golden Nugget is certainly one of them! While initially going in just to see this indoor water slide, my group of friends decided to stay here and chill by the poolside. The pool area offers up beach chairs, towels, and plenty of space to relax with your friends. There were areas where we could put our feet into a hot steamy tub, which was strangely fitting even on a hot day.To top it off, the drinks here were great! Smoothie drinks with shots of 180 octane for only $8... you can choose from flavors including Strawberry Lemonade. We each got a drink and took over a whole area with couch pillows and waterside views... and with more alcohol comes more rowdiness than a whole day club could handle.Had a real good time at Golden Nugget. The nugget itself was much more interesting after knocking back two or three smoothies. If you're looking for an affordable place to relax and kick it with your friends, that's not crowded with other drunk tourists, then Golden Nugget H20 bar can be a great alternative for you.
4	It was my first time staying at the Gold Nugget. It was nice considering what I have herd a about downtown. The casino itself was much more well ventilated compared to some of the other ones downtown. I did not play any table games but the few machines I did play where just okay. It has a smaller selection of penny slots compared to other downtown casinos. The room is nice (not that I spent a lot of time in the room). One of the more interesting things I noticed about the room was how modern it was. The alarm clock and tv looked brand new. The room lived up to what the pictures where shown to be. One of the more interesting things I noticed about the room was that the bathroom door had no lock on. This likely isn't a big deal if you are going with someone you trust but it could make for some interesting surprises.II didn't watch the tv with the exception of the end of the NCAA title game and the TV picture quality was quite poor but only on that station oddly enough. The only other thing that I didn't care much for was that where my room was located you could hear all the action at night/early in the morning. I just turned on the AC unit to drown out the noise as it was rather mild at night. Overall would stay again. I had no other issues. I didn't do any real eating or gambling at the nugget. Much better casinos downtown for that..
3	Stayed 4/2 to 4/5 in a Rush Tower suite -Pros- Awesome pool! Nice poker room.Suite was nice and modern.Cons- Service at the bars with video poker really sucked! My wife and I played a lot and always had to flag someone down and we tip every drink! I'd only return if it's comped!
5	Our family loved the pool and the slide with the sharks.  The room was nice and comfortable.  The staff was helpful and we had a relaxing time lounging around the pool.  We loved having the Starbucks close to us and we enjoyed the Freemont show.  A must for families with kids.
4	pretty awesome place to be if you are gonna hit Fremont Street. this is the only place i gambled while in Vegas and i won a good sum of money without losing any the whole time. the people that work there are nice and very helpful too. everyone from their security to the janitors to the dealers were professional and had their shit together. im going back here next time im in vegas.
1	I have no idea how this hotel has anything above a 3 star review. If you have ever stayed on the Strip, The Golden Nugget pales in comparison on every level! It's definitely a different level of standards here, and I was not expecting them to be so far below what we're used to from hotels like MGM Grand, Planet Hollywood, etc... - Service was terrible: Check-in took 10x longer than usual and staff was not knowledgeable or courteous about anything in the hotel or in the area. I've experienced better service at a holiday inn!- Hotel Pool: sure the shark slide is cool. Very cool, it's the hotels only saving grace.  So you would thing it would makes sense for them to invest in more than a small area of lounge chairs. By noon, every single pool chair was filled, even the ones in the shade (which accounted for over 1/2 the deck). This is a very family friendly pool, so having one area for the huge families and other people wanting to lay out and relax was a turn off. - Rooms: I am usually not a room snob, and I'm usually really happy with every room I've stayed at in Vegas. The rooms at the G.N were not even close to those standards.  No fridge, no complimentary coffee, no wi-fi.... not good.  It really felt like a depressing holiday inn. We were staying in the Gold Tower. Rush tower seemed nicer. Won't be back to find out.-Hotel Offerings: Husband and I both felt sick after eating at the buffet. Instantly ill, the both of us. It knocked us out for the rest of the night. We had trouble finding a quick place to grab a bite as their offerings were either steak house or starbucks. - Gambling: with low ceilings and no ventilation, I felt like i was in a smoke box the entire time i was on the floor. All in all, we had heard Golden Nugget was the nicest hotel in downtown Vegas. Wanting to experience a diff part of Vegas, we thought we would be in for a different yet still quality experience. Boy were we wrong. This hotel is not worth going to Vegas for, and I would never ever return. You are better off staying at the worst hotel on the strip than here.
2	a group of us went to vegas this past weekend for my cousins 30th bday, and we decided to stay at the golden nugget, as the majority of us prefer to stay downtown. i was really looking forward to staying at this hotel because of the generally positive reviews i have read via yelp and yahoo. maybe it had something to do with being spring break, but this place was overflowing with kids, and not teenagers, i mean kids (0-10). who brings kids this young to vegas?? i was with another cousin who has a young son, in which they planned ahead and organized a baby sitter. i counted 7 newborns at the pool! are you kidding me?! on the plus side, the water slide was fun...the room was nice, but definitely not a room in which you can have a few people crash. i absolutely hated the fact you cannot lock the entrance to the bathroom. seriously, there are two huge sliding doors that open up to a fancy vanity, a lockable toilet room to the left, and a huge shower to the right, but you cannot lock the sliding doors. this would be a great room for a couple, but unfortunately, we requested two queen beds as we knew there would be more people tagging along, and something got fffed up during the reservation, and we were given one king (another reason for the two-star review). also, they make you pay for coffee and water in the room. the casino was fun, as i ended up winning, but holy crap, the people were so sketchy. mind you, i love staying downtown, and i know it's a bit seedy, but i was expecting a little bit more from the nugget. i have a feeling that the trash from around town migrate here because it makes them feel less trashy. unfortunately, splashing a fresh coat of paint on a crack house doesn't change the fact that it's a crack house. if this were the el cortez or californian, i wouldn't care, but jazzing something up so much for it to ultimately be a ruse is just pathetic...
3	I love the shark tank pool, the renovated tower and new rooms...it's just that everything is so crazy priced. When I think of Vegas, I think of vacation on the cheap. Here, you're gonna get a $9 8oz pina colada. It's nice, but for so much money you should get more. Seems to be the opposite in Vegas...the cheaper the place is, the more amenities you end up getting.
4	Hmmmmmm. I just commented negatively about the Golden Nugget in my review of Sam's Hotel and Casino. Golden Nugget has the following going for it.It's shiny.They treated the developmentally disabled clients I was chaperoning and I with respect.TWO starbucks. The buffet is good. However, it's too smoky and the baggage collector was snooty, both of which are petty to report. However, if the $ is being forked over, one expects patient baggage collectors and breathable casino's. I assumed they were all smoky because of the Nugget. Then I went to the Luxor.
5	Tired of schlepping the strip and paying (praying) to the the dual gods of mgm and harrahs?  Tired of getting ripped off for "resort fees" and $8 beers?  Tired of seeing the same old prepackaged stuff the strip has?  There is a solution.  The Golden Nugget has every amenity offered on the strip without the pretense.  If you want the best, book the Rush Tower.  These rooms rival anything on the strip for a much lower price.  The Gold tower and Carson tower are a nice price break while still providing exceptional lodging.  Add in one of the best pools in all of Las Vegas for the sun seekers.
5	Im sorry, but to all of you who say its TOO SMOKEY. get the F out of Vegas people, you are in a casino, and people do SMOKE!!!!!!moving on...I love the Golden Nugget. Since growing up I have been to Vegas many many times with my parents, usually always staying on the strip. Once I turned 21 and was able to go myself, I decided to visit the Golden Nugget. I've been here about 3 times now & I really do love it. I love their pool, their rooms are very nice!! Clean, updated, flat screens, comfortable beds. etc. Their black jack tables also starts at 5 $ minimum, which is better then 20$ minimum like other hotels on the strip. Its about a 10 - 15 min drive from the strip which is not far at all. Plus you have your own little downtown strip, which yes ITS OLD, but its cool, you dont have to walk 3 miles to get to the next hotel, people are dressed up, cheap food etc.If you hate paying the resort fees, would like a clean nice updated room, a cute hotel. Nice Shark tank swimming pool, 5 $ tables.. etc. etc. Stay here! Then go to the strip at night.Have fun in Vegas people!
4	I loved the Golden Nugget!! For someone that doesn't like the Old School Downtown Vegas feel, you probably wouldn't like it here. Downtown Vegas just has a different cooler feel to it. There's not a bunch of ho/douche bags walking around and there is tons of stuff to do still. I stayed here for my bachelorette party and we rented a cabana for the day. Best thing we could have done. It was perfect!! It was back in August (scorching hot!!) so we needed the shade. It wasn't cheap but it wasn't that much either considering how much you get. Loved the pool and the slide! Very cool feature. We stayed in the gold tower and the rooms are gigantic! Only thing that bugged was no wifi which I seriously don't understand with Vegas...bleh. Club there sucks!! Do not go...you will be disappointed. But, other than that, there is plenty of bars on Fremont Street to go to and plenty of restaurants. They have a Chart House and a steak house. Not too shabby! I did get VIP check in but didn't realize where you do that and stood in the normal check out line for 30 minutes before realizing it was in a smaller room hidden on the side...really??  Oh well. Valet parking takes forever too but that's expected with Vegas. I will definitely be coming back with my hubby this time! :)OH YEAH, almost forgot!! They have an "adult" pool on the top floor (16 and older) that's open til 4am!! That was awesome!!
4	This is the hotel that was picked for me for my first visit to Las Vegas.  My accommodations were plush, and it was located in a great area of Vegas.  No, it is not in the famed "Strip" of Vegas, but there was plenty around to see and do within the hotel, as well as outside the hotel.If you stay here, bring your swimming trunks and do the fish tank slide.  That was my first time ever going on a slide that let you go through the middle of aquatic life.  Sharks and other swim type creatures don't even mind you gawking at them as your body goes unnaturally fast past them!There was a nice light show on the ceiling of the walk way that night, which was a treat among itself.  The hotel is located by huge hot dogs, fried Oreos and Twinkies places and several buffets, so you can enjoy yourself here without being on the strip.Oh yeah, the room was nice as well!
2	The only thing that is **** at Golden nugget are the prices. $10 for make it yurself in room coffee & $7 for a bottle of water? OMG WTF? Stuffy rooms, plus paper thin walls, broken lamp fixture in the room, plumbing that ran 24-7. Food trash in the halls. The only reason to stay here is someone else picked up the room tab. Downtown is trashy, noisy, dirty. Derelicts wandering around begging. The Golden Nugget is located in the heart of old downtown Las Vegas at the intersection of Sodom & Gomoorah if you are in to that kind of scene then this is party central on weekends.
4	The Golden Nugget has always been my favorite Downtown casino, before and after its remodel.  It still has the glitzy neon facade from yesteryear, but it now has a modern decor inside.  There are interesting furnishings and lighting and the color palate is aesthetically pleasing.  Oh, and did I mention there's a water slide that goes through a shark tank?The only downside to this landmark is that it gets so, so, so crowded.  Any efforts they may have put into a ventilation system to filter the cigarette smoke gets thrown out the window with the wall-to-wall tourists packed in the place.
5	Stayed in the Rush Tower, which has been remodeled, and is non smoking!!Super clean and quiet.  Bathroom is super nice, and bed uber comfortable.Checking in and out was a breeze.Parking is very close.Our room was so much nicer than our fancy suite (another night) on the strip.Definitely would come here again!!
4	We stayed at a cheaper room in the Gold Tower.  It was very nice.  Really I am surprised is hell th at I have no complaints.  This place was pretty damn decent.Oh yeah here is the complaint.  You see on hotels.com that the room price is $68 but with all of the stupid fees the room ended up costing just over a hundie.  Everyone in Vegas seems to do that though.  It is a complete frigging scam and should be disclosed as part of the price.
4	Still in a daze after our bizarre saunter into Mermaid's across the way, we walked into Golden Nugget.My friend said they have an awesome pool area with a giant aquarium...We went straight to the pool area...we almost didn't get in because the area is for hotel guests only, but we talked the security lady to let us so we could play at the blackjack tables by the pool.My friends are avid gamblers, I am not...so I stood behind their chairs as I witnessed them lose about $700 :-(  A couple of times, I was slammed into by kids running on the wet pool deck after they slipped and slid into me...lol Thankfully I had drank their god awful mai tai and didn't flip out too muchThe cocktail waitresses are kind of clumsy, one spilled a drink on my friend, but thankfully it was really hot that day and her dress dried pretty fast. The only thing she did was to half heartedly apologize and bring a couple of flimsy kleenex to help...by the way the drink she spilled on my friend was meant for me, the gross mai tai.This is probably one of the nicer hotel/casinos on Fremont.
2	The Golden Nugget is an older hotel/casino on the Fremont Street area in Vegas.  The parking garage was pretty easy to find, with lots of entrance signs.  It's free to park if you're staying at the Nugget but strangely costs to park there otherwise.  Check in was pretty simple but with my room in the Carson Tower it was a pretty long haul from the reception desk to the room.  The room was pretty large and nice in appearance but had some flaws upon examination.  - No fridge.  - No free coffeemaker.  The bed was large and the room was non-smoking but I wasn't able to reserve those things when I made the reservation, I had to wait until check in to actually know that I'd get a non-smoking room.  Pretty lame, in this day and age.  The bathroom was good sized and pretty modern.  TV was large flat screen but the remote was cantankerous.  The alarm clock was way too complicated, never did figure that thing out.  Plus: the hotel was pretty quiet during my stay, most smaller hotels seem to be very noisy but this building wasn't.  For the money, I'd rather stay on the Strip or I'd expect a better room that isn't on the 18th floor.
4	If you are on a budget and visiting Las Vegas this is the place to go.  It is one of the biggest hotels on Fremont and had millions of dollars worth of renovations over the past few years.  Most friends I bring here are shocked that such a nice hotel is not on the strip.  The pool is my favorite part.  This is where you find the shark tank with a water slide that goes right through the middle of it!  It is a site to see for sure.And if you are not staying at the hotel the price of admission is only $20, which is not bad compared to so many of the pools on the strip.The downside to the hotel itself is because it is not on the strip the air quality is not as fresh.  If you are a smoker this will not be an issue, but if you are a non-smoker this could be a nuisance.
4	My kids and I love this place. If you're looking to do Vegas, but don't want the headache or prices of the strip, it doesn't get better than the Nugget. We stay here at least once a year since they've opened the new pool. The pool is incredible. Small enough where you can actually watch you preteen kids, but incredible enough that they have fun. We've always had good luck with the dealers. Doesn't mean we always win, but the losses aren't so bad if you have a fun and social dealer. Real drinks here, not the water downed drinks you get across the street. This is my favorite place to stay in Vegas, but I'm tired of the strip.The downsides, no kids menu at the cafe ( I know its Vegas, but come on) and the food there is far below average, rude staff and high prices for junky cafe food. Pretty good buffet upstairs and well worth a couple bucks more. WiFi was over $10 per night which is a rip off, but there is no resort fee which I love.If you want to spend the money and go to the strip, then stay at the Venetian, if you want to have a really good time for a weekend and actually be able to walk from casino to casino, this is your place.
3	First of all, our room at the Golden Nugget was roomy, clean and nicely decorated, but best of all it was cheap.  Unfortunately, you get zero amenities.  No refrigerator, no complimentary coffee (K-cup machine is there, but the cups are $10).  A bottle of Fiji Water in the room was $7.  There was no working ice machine on the floor.  Our TV was never able to connect to the pay per view service.  Internet was expensive.  There was a lot of nickel and dime-ing going on.  In general, the staff was rude and unhelpful.  My mother is diabetic and needs to refrigerate her medicine.  She called the front desk to ask about getting a refrigerator.  They transferred her 3 times.  One person told her that the fridge would be $20.  But the manager said that it would be no charge because it was for her medicine.  Good thing we checked our bill on the way out, because there was an $80 charge for the fridge - $20 PER DAY (we weren't even there for four days - we checked in at 7 PM for a three night stay).   The girl at the desk was nasty about removing the charge, which she did eventually do. The one saving grace this hotel has (aside from the price) is the pool.  The shark tank mesmerized my son and he swam and played for hours while I read and sat in the sun.  The waitresses in the pool area were the most friendly people on staff and the Bloody Mary I had poolside was great.  So in spite of lousy service, the pool and the price of a room still make this an attractive place to stay.  Just don't go expecting much and double check your bill on the way out!
1	You never get a second chance to make a good first impression. My wife and I walked into the lobby and the VIP desk (which we paid for so we wouldn't have to wait in the long line trying to check in) was closed. We then waited 20 minutes in line to check in. Then when we finally got to the counter, got our room keys we took our bags upstairs as their was no porter to carry the bags, then when we got to our room, there was someone else in it! LOL! So we had to take our bags back downstairs and stand in line again to get another room! On the second trip up the elevators we were assigned room 1625 in The Gold Tower which was right near the elevators. Which we heard every night, all night, for all 4 days of our stay. Out of the 4 days we stayed, our room was only cleaned twice, one of the sinks in the bathroom was clogged and they finally got maintenance to come unclog it the second day. One of the lamps in the room didn't work, and the way the bathroom was designed, you had to close the bathroom door to open the closet. Why they had the closet in the bathroom I still couldn't figure out. Then when you opened the closet doors they wouldn't stay open. Then when we checked out which was early in the morning on a Monday the VIP desk was also closed so we spent money upgrading to VIP for nothing. This lack of service also cost them thousands of dollars in gambling revenue which they lost because after dealing with some of the staff at the hotel and the casino, I refused to do any gambling at The Nugget and caught a cab to the strip. This hotel is rated as a 4 star hotel and has a very nice pool area and casino. The Fremont Street light show is also nice. However this hotel is not a four star hotel based on the customer service which was seriously lacking and the overall design of the rooms. The rooms are very cheap compared to staying on the strip, however you are going to sacrifice service. If you are someone like me who doesn't worry about price, then spend the extra money and stay on the strip. In all my trips to Vegas I have always stayed on the strip, so this time I wanted to try staying downtown since people had told me about the great renovations at The Golden Nugget. Although they spent a lot of money on the pool area and the casino, they would have gotten more bang for the buck firing the staff and hiring all new people!
1	After a few days of researching online to find a nice hotel with a fun pool area and decent pricing, for my upcoming 30th bday Vegas trip, I opted for Golden Nugget. I liked what I saw online (pics and video of the nice rooms and good square footage). I called a few hours ago to make my reservation. I was going to do the basic room (CARSON TOWER DELUXE) which was going to cost me $215 for 3 days in June, pretty good deal! But when I told the rep on the phone that I was celebrating my birthday, she told me about the much nicer and newly remodeled Rush Tower, and thought I might enjoy my stay there better. Much larger rooms, and when I looked at the room online, I loved the modern feel of the place. I agreed, even though it was about $100 more than the first room I was going to stay in. So my new total was going to be (with my AAA discount) $303.30 + tax she quoted me $312.39 (NEW RUSH TOWER DELUXE), figured I'd splurge a little more and waste an extra $100 on something a little nicer to treat myself. (I should have been concerned when she kept asking me to hold on cause she was having "computer problems" when I was confirming pricing with her. Maybe she didnt know how to add.)A few hours later I get an email confirmation stating I was going to be charged $342.73 (over $30 more than what she quoted me!) What the hell!? So I call back, talk to another rep and tell her I'm being overcharged. She rudely cut me off a few times and told me the lady must have calculated the tax wrong cause they're going to charge me the $342.73. This is almost $130 more than what I originally wanted to spend. For that price I can stay at Luxor (where I usually stay, but wanted to try something different!), AND get the spa suite at that price, with a hot tub in my room and a separate living room area too. So disappointing. Was really excited about staying here. Now I have to wait 1-2 weeks to get my $161 deposit back. I used to gamble at Golden Nugget, but now I'm not going to even set foot in that place. Now back to the drawing board!!! :(
2	Pretty mediocre. Room was clean but needs some refurb. I hate places that nickle and dime you and this place charges for everything - $10 for coffee machine use in your room? - outrageous. And a medium bottle of water for $7? And a worthless VIP status for $25.Don't go to the buffet - food was pretty poor and breakfast buffet was weird  in that it had an egg station surrounded by a roast beef station and a pasta station and some breakfast items were near dessert - oh well, they weren't very good anyways.I can't imagine this place getting 4 or 5 star - the writers of those reviews must have been some of the drunks we noticed.
4	I can't remember the name of the bar, there's a huge aquarium behind the bar.  There Margarita's are amazing!  If you love Margaritas , you need to check there's out.
1	What a joke!!! We checked in with the most un-personable person ever. Not even a smile did we get. Then after walking all the way to our tower the keys don't work!  We get a hold of housekeeping and after verifying it is us she won't let us in to our room. Instead we are at the mercy of someone bringing up keys. After waiting 15 mins they still haven't come up with keys, so I walk down to registration for my tower and it's CLOSED!!! Are you serious?! How do you close a front desk? I'm still in front of my room waiting for security. When security comes he is leisurely strolling up our hallway and yet another miserable person who works here!! All I want is to get into my room!
1	This place can eat a bag of brown nuggets, for real. I called in January for a May reservation and was told that for the two rooms I was booking it would be $119 per night. That was $119 per night for TWO rooms, NOT $119 per night per room. So I called back recently to add one more night to the reservation and cancel one of the rooms, and the first person I talk to can't even find my payment for the rooms! I paid in advance in January, but because they switched systems or something they couldn't find my payment. I had to go online and find it on my credit card charges and confirm it with them. Then I talked to another person who was confused because my card had been charged the $119 plus tax TWICE, when it should have only been charged once. The woman acted like it was a mistake that I was charged twice, when in fact if it really was $119 per night per room it wouldn't have been weird at all to see the two charges, right? So this whole time I'm thinking the room is now paid for, then when we show up they tell us that no, in fact we owe them another $119 plus tax for the other night. They also told me over the phone it would be 69 plus tax to add the third night, but when we got there it was 59. It's nice that it was cheaper but it's indicative of a real problem with their system and inability to properly quote customers on room rates.I talked to the manager to was nice enough to 'waive the cancellation fee' if we chose to go elsewhere (yeah, during memorial weekend and punk rock bowling I'm sure there's TONS of reasonably priced rooms in Vegas... jerk). But he would NOT budge on the price of the rooms, even though THREE of his employees made the same mistake on the phone with me. He said that right now he could get 300+ for our rooms (which is exactly why I booked FIVE months in advance) so he couldn't budge on the price. So I told him to fuck off, I literally said 'you need to fire your employees and fuck off' and that was it. We're staying here because we have no other choice but I will never ever go back here again and I hope nobody else does either. What a bunch of crooks.
1	They gave us the wrong room. Room service was bad and overpriced. There were dirty towels in our bathroom. House cleaning woke us up early in the morning. They charge Ten Dollars to make coffee in your room. The clientele was trashy. This place sucked.I liked seeing the largest gold nugget in the world, though!
1	Cant give NO stars. Stayed off the strip and paid for it, through the nose! Service is horrible, and food is inedible. Tried to stay off the strip and paid in more ways than one. Will NEVER make that mistake again!
4	I love the Golden Nugget! Have stayed here three times now and have never been disappointed with the rooms, or customer service. I'm signed up for their email list and get awesome rate offers on a regular basis, and they never turn me down when I call to override my reservation with the better offer. I tried the buffet and was satisfied with what I got for the price that I paid. The only complaint I have about the Nugget is the lack of bar service in the pool area. Memorial Day weekend with hundreds of people at the pool and only a few servers making the rounds, and a line 10 deep with only two bar tenders filling people's multiple orders? Makes no sense. On Friday they did have a separate bar open downstairs which helped, but that was closed both Saturday and Sunday. I ended up going over to the Mermaid to get a frozen cocktail and enjoy the last day of my vacation swimming with the sharks.
4	Stayed here last weekend for Punk Rock Bowling. I miss the smaller, more intimate days of yore, but if we're stuck with the music festival then I'm glad it's all based around the Nugget. Everything was clean and the staff was very nice whenever I dealt with them. When we stayed at Sunset Station a few years ago for PRB we were getting the stink-eye all weekend from security and staff. This place is a serious labyrinth, though! I was still getting lost on my 5th day there. Our rooms were huge but the double beds seemed smaller than we were used to. Water pressure in the shower was a bit of an issue, but I like that the hotel has an emphasis on being eco-friendly as much as possible (it IS Vegas, after all). I would definitely recommend the GN to anyone wanting to stay downtown.
4	I really enjoyed the hide out at H2O pool. It was a bit crowded but what can you expect its las vegas and over 100 degrees out. The pool was neat i thought, i loved the waterfalls, just the ability to relax on a chair in the water, drink a pina colada, and watch the sharks in the tank. The slide looked cool to try but i did not try. It got windy by 5pm so we decided to go in the hot tub that was nice but because there were more kids in the hot tub then the pool that part sucked. I almost had a kid jump on me because he thought it was funny to run, try and jump in the water. I was getting a bit angry but finally after the 5th jump the kid's parents yelled at him. There was trash on the ground everywhere but once again its las vegas and it is party season so i just ignored that but i just thought to myself that people are pretty lazy that they can't even throw their trash in a trash can. I did take notice that the cleaning staff was trying to keep up on it. I had a fun day in the sun with my friend. I would go again, can not really complain since a friend got us in for free. If you have time while staying here in vegas or live here all year round, i would take a day and go swimming here. There were some things that i took noticed as i was leaving that give me another reason to come back. I took notice to stairs going up to a top level with a pool maybe a better place to relax and get away from the crowd and kids. I also want to try the slide, pretty neat that it goes right through the shark tank. there are firepits so a nice evening by the pool maybe more relaxing once the crowds head out for a night on the strip.  parking was free, i know the sign said $2 hour but the lady let me go for free so that was nice of her. there was one thing that scared me a bit but i almost got hit by a car as I left the hotel. one of the streets as you leave the golden nugget hotel grounds there is a street and it is a bit hard to see because of cars parked and people trying to cross but just be careful because you have to pull out a bit far to be able to see if anything is coming and there is no four way stop which i think there should be. i believe the road is called Gold Nugget Drive but once you get there you'll know what I am talking about. its the main street before you pull into a drive way that has the parking garage, valet and pool entrance for the golden nugget.
4	Highly recommend this place! Especially for the pool! POOL: My boyfriend and I are 23 and we absolutely loved the Golden Nugget's pools, both the shark tank (main pool area), and the Hideout on the third level. The water slide is very fun, and being in the water and watching the fish and sharks in the tank is beyond neat. There seemed to be people of all ages around, families included. I would recommend getting there by 9:30-10AM Friday-Sunday if you want to guarantee your choice of lounge chairs (or get a seat at all). Hint: if you don't want to be around children, hang out in the Adult Sunbathing (topless) area on the third level -- that's where we spent both Friday and Saturday and it couldn't have been more relaxing. The Hideout Pool is right around the corner from that area on the top level and you don't have to buy a $10 lounge chair in order to enjoy the pool. For all of the pools, they do check for room keys upon entering, so make sure you have yours! I would also recommend foregoing the bar in the Golden Nugget's pool area and instead walking to Fremont Street, which is extremely close, for $1 margaritas and cheaper food. Gotta love downtown ;) You can bring the cheaper margs back to the Golden Nugget and sip them by the pool -- they aren't strict about outside food and drinks coming in. REALLY, really enjoyed this pool and am already dying to go back! Go enjoy :)
5	OMG, it was the best Hotel experience that I have had in Vegas in a very long time.  The room was fantastic.  We stayed in the Carson Tower and some of my friends were in the Rush Tower.  Our room was a lot less expensive than the Rush.  The phrase, "you get what you pay for" doesn't really count here.  Our room in the Carson tower was beautiful.  Beds were good, the bathroom had great water pressure in the shower, and the hotel is AMAZINGLY Clean.  The Hideout Pool is the place to be when you don't have children. Here's a warning that we didn't know about, you have to pre-reserve lounge chairs on the 2nd and 3 deck.  Lounge chair is $20 per day on the weekends. We met a bunch of really interesting adults up there.  The drinks are pretty well priced.  Bucket of beer (5 count) is $20.  Went down the water slide a few times.  It was ok, but you don't get to see the sharks in the tank, as you slide through way to fast, but it was still fun.  I travel to Vegas alot, and now that I have stayed down on Fremont St, I will never stay down on the strip and I am a picky Travel Agent .....
4	Didn't know what to expect and was pleasantly surprised!  Got a room in the Gold Tower which was close to everything!  Housekeeping was great and very responsive.  We had room service twice because of some poor alcohol judgments - and it was so fast and delicious!Pool was fun - if you don't want to get splashed by small children, pay the extra $20 to get a chaise lounge in the Hideout upstairs.  Great bar service, the cabanas look like little cardboard boxes, but people were enjoying them.Carson Street Cafe was not the best.  Food was moderate, service fluctuated. I would only go if I was desperate.  Lillian Asian Cuisine was good one night, but we had the teppanyaki grill and all the seafood was overcooked and the veggies had no flavor.  Check in was slow, but handled pleasantly - express check out is available in room which was great.  Also found out that they have an airport shuttle available during specific hours, worked great for our trip to the airport!All in all, great place to stay.  I would compare the staff to the kind you would have at a La Quinta, not what you would see at Trump Tower, so don't have high expectations and will have a great stay!
5	I love the energy of Fremont street, and the Nugget is the best resort and is in the middle of the action. My preferred Hotel in Vegas
4	I like this hotel & this is where we usually stay when visiting Vegas.  I like the convenience of this hotel since its right on Fremont Street plus where the valet is located, it's really easy to get onto the strip or freeway. The Premium Outlet is really close to it as well. The rooms are nice and spacious even for the Carson Tower. Stayed in the Rush Tower once because we were upgrade. The front desk checked us into a room that was already occupied! Luckily nobody was in the room at the time and we hurriedly got out of there and back downstairs. We were upgraded to a junior suite! Housekeeping didn't make up our room on our last night, not a biggie. I'm a big girl I can make my own bed but we were in need of tissue, toiletries and towels. So I call housekeeping and speak to Carol. Told her that our room was never serviced and she says "ok?" and doesn't say anything else. I tell her what we need and she said someone will bring it up. Well we never got it. We were getting ready to go out & was in the room for a couple of hours but still nothing. We called before we left and asked them to just put it in the room since we were leaving. Returned at 3am and guess what? Nothing.For the most part, maid service was good though. Hotel staff was friendly and always called out a greeting when we walked by. The timeshare ppl are a bit annoying. They'll stop you and ask you how long you're going to be there, if you want to see a free show etc. Sometimes they kept walking along side us even though we kept saying "no thank you". I get it's their job & they don't remember everyone they've approached but dude, you've approached us like 10 times in the past hour. My sassy friend tells the man this too. Finally on our last day, he remembered and just smiled and waved to us as we walked by. Def didn't enjoy the evacuation alert at 2am one night. Was just about to jump in the shower when this loud alarm goes off & we were told to evacuate immediately due to an emergency in the building. This announcement is blaring and being repeated over and over. Heart racing, I run out of the bathroom butt ass naked. Scramble to get my jeans on, stumbling as I'm trying to get into my jeans only to realize I'm trying to put my jeans on the wrong leg, practically ate the floor from hopping around. Throw on my t-shirt which my friend points out is inside out and backwards. At this point I don't care. I'm on the 21rst floor of a 22 story building. The only emergency I can think of is...FIRE...and this girl doesn't care how she looks (yes I just talked in 3rd person) she's getting out of there with an inside out & backward shirt.As we're heading to the stairs I notice people walking in the opposite direction. The stairwell was right next to our room but everyone who was on our floor was walking to the farthest stairwell which is about 2 long hallways away. My friend calls out that the stairs are closer "this way". Notice an elderly couple so we wait for them thinking we might have to help them down 21 flights of stairs. Right when they get to the stairwell, the alert is canceled and we're told we can return to our rooms. Some people were in the stairwell and didn't hear it so my friend called out to them. I think Golden Nugget should put speakers or something in the stairwell. If we didn't wait for the elderly couple we would've been in the stairwell and wouldn't have heard the cancellation and would've walked down 21 flts of stairs. Yea, so I needed to cardio but not at 2am.Aaand it doesn't end there. We get back into our room. Start disrobing to take my shower when the damn blaring alert goes off AGAIN! My friend sticks her head out the door and sees people coming out of their room and walking towards the stairwell. I put my shoes back on. When we go into the stairwell, security was there and told us to hold on because he was pretty sure it was an false alarm. After getting the all clear he sends everyone back to their rooms. He tells us that someone was smoking on our floor which is a nonsmoking floor and it set off the alarm. A word to the wise. If you get caught, it's a $250 fine so get your lazy butt in the elevator and go down to the lobby or...gasp...here's a thought pick a smoking room. Also, I know this is cliche but seriously check where the stairwell is when you check into any hotel, you never know when you might have to actually evacuate.The Golden Nugget is a recommended hotel. There's a swimming pool with a huge shark tank that seems to be quite popular as the pool was always crowded. I didn't get the chance to check it out though. There are a few restaurants and even a Starbucks...2 actually but 1 is open 24 hours.
4	I wasn't expecting much when my girl friend told me she wanted to have her bachelorette at the Golden Nugget.  I'm happy to say that I was surprisingly impressed.  The newly decorated lobby was nice and the room was huge, but the beds were a little small, I think they claimed they were queens but they were more like fulls.  Still they were comfortable.  The pool is small because it has a giant fish tank in the center but for a cool off dip after laying by the pool it was sufficient.       The one thing I did not enjoy was the other patrons of this hotel.  They were super loud and obnoxious and not at all considerate.  You would leave your deck chair to go to the pool or get a drink only to come back a few minutes later to find someone sitting in your chair, your stuff carelessly thrown to the side.  Hello people its called pool etiquette, if you are to lazy to get your butt up in time to get a chair don't just steal mine because I was gone for all of 5 minutes.  Our room neighbors were also really loud, I know its Vegas but do you think you could tone it down past 3 am?      That being said the hotel staff were very polite and accommodating and I know they have no say in who books there so I didn't dock them for their rude guests.
2	Every year between 4-20 friends make the trek to Vegas and stay at the GN. This was my first time. As far as hotel I was disappointed with the GN. We had our room reserved for Sunday through tuesday am. At 830pm we had a knock at the door regarding our stay. First we called the front desk and the rude woman said we could stay another night but it would cost us. The rate she gave us was more than double our reservation rate. We were told  to go to the front desk. Once there we spoke to the manager and he stated our reservation was only til noon today.  With our email confirmation we got everything fixed and went to our room. (The check is not near our tower).... Once to our room we found we were locked out.  Back at registration we were informed we were probably locked out because our keys were too close to a cell phone. We returned to our room with new keys which of course didn't work. We ran across an employee whom made a call and new keys would be brought to us.  25 minutes later we called the front desk from our cell. Spent ten minutes waiting for the manager. Once on the phone he said he would bring up new keys. After mentioning that we have spent the last 2 hrs dEaling with this he offered 2 free breakfast buffets. Both times we spoke to the manager he was kind. His employees, unfortunately, were very rude and are the reason I gave GN 2 stars.Wifi is 12.99 .... Crazy expensive and should be free. Overall the hotel itself was good. Pool/shark tank is awesome although the pool water smells like sewer at times. would pick the Fremont experience over the strip any day.
4	I had a wonderful experience at the nugget. It's located downtown, which might turn some people off but we were perfectly ok with that. When we told the lady checking us in that Expedia had misrepresented the room we were getting she spoke to the manager and had us upgraded to the rush tower. Super nice modern rooms. I was a little surprised there wasn't a refrigerator in the room and that's my main reason for only four stars, that and the 10$ charge if you want in room coffee! I didn't find the blow dryer until the day we left. It was in the closet. The pool is pretty nice but over run with kids and it's hard to find a empty chair. You can't tell if they are actually being used or if someone just forgot their towel. The quieter pool upstairs charges you for a chair rental. A bit ridiculous if you ask me. And wifi is an extra 12 $ per day. But staff is very friendly and casino floor is nice. And the beds ate absolutely heaven.  We got a great price during the week. If you do plan on staying downtown this is the place to go!
5	The Golden Nugget is the place to stay downtown!It's been my main stay for the past 20+ years.Lots of new and exciting things always going on.Great pool, employees, atmosphere and lots of action.They have a variety of food and rooms.You can have a cheap stay or an expensive stay.But remember, You get what you pay for!After staying here a few times, you start to learn the tips & tricks to all the different offerings the GN has.One of the best steaks you can get is at Vic & Anthony's.Be sure to make reservations in advance.Everyone here is outstanding.Our favorite waiters are Hector on the weekdays & Anthony on the weekends.Remember, you get what you pay for.The price is always worth the mouthwatering cravings I get just thinking of the filet.Keep up the great job GN!!!!!
5	I really enjoyed the Nugget!My stay started out good, and went well the whole time.Check-in was a breeze in the Rush tower except for walking in and not being able to find the front desk. I asked where it was and the security pointed straight ahead. It was right in front of me. I just didnt notice because there was nobody at all in line!The check in clerk was really nice and put us in a room away from Fremont because it can get loud in the rooms facing that direction. We got our keys and headed up to our room which was very convenient to the casino floor.The room was very nice. Classy dark color scheme in the bathrooms, a nice L-shaped leather couch and a really comfy bed. It was spacious and VERY clean. Not hotel room-wiped down but still skeezy feeling clean. Clean. The tv worked great and had about 20 HD channels. There was 4 cups of Keurig coffee and a machine. The cups are $10 for four. That is less than you will pay in the casino folks....We had a nice view looking out towards the strip, even the windows were clean. We also got to see a guy get searched by the police in front of the bus station which was good for a laugh.The casino itself is great with all kinds of new slots, cheap minimums on table games (or at least on roulette since thats what I play). There are some fancier bars and restaurants and also some cheaper stuff. I had a fantastic drink at the Ice Bar. The bartender there really takes pride in his job. I had something with vodka and jalapenos. He mixed it up, tasted it by taking a little out with a straw and threw it away!!!! I guess it didnt meet his strict standards. He immediately mixed another and tasted it again. He pronounced that one fit to drink and handed it to me. It was really awesome. Had a nice jalapeno burn but not overpowering. I actually felt it was worth the $12.They also give you a coupon book upon check in and it has lots of great deals, make sure to use it. Even free drinks in some places! All in all an excellent stay and I'll definitely be back. Thanks for a great time GN!
4	The Golden Nugget is the most luxurious of the Downtown hotel-casinos in Las Vegas. This property has everything: an enormous array of slot machines, and table games. The upstairs buffet is the best downtown Vegas has to offer. Try the eggs benedict, choppino, and omelet station with it's fresh eggs prepared to order. The outside pool is heated, and doubles as an aquarium with large fish, and sharks swimming around in an adjacent tank. The sports book is luxurious with ample comfortable seating, and flat screen tvs all over the place. Check out the new Bar 46, with seating both inside, and outside the casino. Bar 46 has this sheik semi circle which extends onto Fremont Street. The Golden Nugget has many fine restaurants: The Vic and Anthony Steakhouse, Red Sushi, the snack bar by the sports book, and even a Starbucks to catch a quick bite with some coffee. No trip to downtown Las Vegas is complete without a visit to the Golden Nugget. Come on down, you won't be disappointed.
4	With Kids.  I've been to the Gnugget with boys only and as a 47 year old, I'm always thinking of my kids.  When I saw the pool area, I thought about my kids.  The pool area contains an aquarium that contains multiple sharks, huge tuna, manta ray's, etc.  It also has a slide that goes through the middle of the aquarium.  You can swim right up against the glass and the show is spectacular.  The aquarium alone is the main reason we chose to stay at the GNugget for our first major summer vaca.However, popularity has it's draw backs.  The pool water doesn't open until 10a, but the lounge chairs area opens at 7am.  That means, at 7am, there are people who come down and lay their items to hold chairs until 10am and that's BS.  Who says you can come down with your stinking shoes, magazines and hats and hold a chair for 3 hours?  F you, get your fat ass up and get down there.  There is a sign that states that holding chairs is not allowed, however not enforced.  There is a security guard making sure it's hotel guests only, but he doesn't enforce the holding of chairs.  Get down early and wait for 30 minutes like I did with a grumpy 6year old and explain why although only 50 feet away, we can't get in the water until 10am.  The rest of us normal members of society are down here.The local cafe was adequate for bkfast, there are multiple Starbuck stands, the buffet just ok for lunch, nothing spectacular.  At $82 for 2 adults, 1 7, and 6, it was pricey for what we got.Other than the pool and Fremont Experience, there is really nothing for kids.  There is a small arcade for the teens, but it's small.  The majority of our trip besides a jaunt to the strip was at the Nugget's awesome pool area.  We were able to order an adequate take out lunch and at our chairs with a tight knit lounge chair area, but plenty of water to keep us cool.  Again, get down early and stake out a space.  There is also plenty of shade and couch areas for anyone who doesn't want any sun at all.We stayed as part of a special offer that allowed an upgrade to a Jr. Suite.  It had a little couch area that doubled as the teens bed with sheets and a blanket.  The three of us shared the ultra comfortable King as my fat ass, my 6 year old and my petite wife shared with ease.  The down pillows and comforter alone are worth the price. It turned out to be $139 a night for Sun-Tues.  Try to make a weekday happen, it's so worth the effort as opposed to Fri-Sun.  The traffic coming back on Sunday looked rough in the other direction and we were arriving in Vegas around 2pm.  Overall, excellent experience.
3	The Golden Nugget is the only hotel I would staycation at Downtown. It's the opposite of a dump, but still far from perfect. Overly crowded. 85 yearl old cocktail waitresses, etc. The hotel room was big and the bed was comfortable and there was a large, flat screen tv. The bathroom was small and the door was too close to the toilet so if you had to shut the door while you are conducting business or  "dropping the kids off" you have to do a breakdance ass move to shut it resulting in Indian burn on the butt cheeks. Good times:)The restaurants: I am now a HUGE fan of the Italian restaurant, Grotto. It's not very romantic, but everything I tasted from the bread with a garlic infused oil dip, to the homemade sausage rigatoni to the angel food cake dessert was highly enjoyable. Our waitress with short, blonde hair was on point and knew the menu inside and out.  Also the coffee shop was cool. Decent food, shitty coffee. It still didn't stop me from sucking down four cups a day. The last morning my waitress was a Bee when I told her that we would like to charge it to the room. She said she tried twice and it didn't work. Then she got a huge tude and said she would try a third time. What do ya' know? It effin worked! Of course it did because I have been staying here for two nights! What a Bee..... The Pool- Biggest disappointment I have had in months. My whole life everyone has raved about the GN Pool and I always felt as if I was missing out. NOT. The chairs are pushed together like a mass grave to the point your neighbor's back hair eskimo kisses you when he turns over. The water looks like Jenna Jameson's mouth after one of her movies before they hand her the spit bucket. I'm being serious. Sure there is a slide and a shark tank, but none of which did anything for me. We were both over 21 and for some reason I was never told we could go to the adult pool which I am sure was the exact opposite of this nonsense. FAIL. The Spa- Since the pool sucked shlong we ventured to the spa for treatments. Best move. I got quiet, alone time full of rubbing and aroma therapy and soothing music and this turned out to be the absolute highlight. Good job GN. Overall I don't think I would stay at the GN again. Well, maybe. If only to get buzzed and watch the Homeless Drug Addict Soul Train Dance Contest outside. If you don't know what I am talking about you need to go Downtown tonight and witness this shit. You will never be more embarrassed for this city. Rubbing elbows with 3 Spidermans, 2 Michael Jacksons, Fat Elvis, Pee Wee Herman while watching crack addicts do the lawnmover can only happen in Vegas. Good freakin' times!!!
2	been a fan favorite of the Nugget for years but this trip convinced me to spend my money elsewhere next time we hit Vegas. this place has pulled the purse strings so tight that I am sure if they could figure out a way to charge you for the elevator and they would and probably a front door charge as wedll, they push the no resort fee because they are downtown but believe me they make up for it everywhere else, valet staff were happy and friendly other than that good luck, grouchy almost bitchy front desk people with rotten attitude, maybe they forgot the rule about the customer is there paycheck, do not take the upgrades to jr suites pretty much all you get is a hallway and if your in the rush tower stay off the fremont side unless you want to hear really bad rock and roll bouncing off your rooom walls untill 2 am and trash cans being hit hard by the garbage truck at 6 am in the alley next door and its Saturday WOW! after this being my hotel of choice since the 80's got to find another one. and in agreement with the guy below me in this review good luck getting a chair at the pool since they are saving every cahir in site and you never see anyone sit down my advice is if someone says they are saving seats take it anyway and let security get involved maybe they will be better than the rest of their staff this place rolled downhill in a hurry
4	I am so excited to see the downtown energy of "Old Las Vegas" come to life over the past couple years. I'm a "rare"  local who loves The Strip, but I really love what looks like is happening down in the Fremont area too. Last night we attended a poker tournament (play money, but real prizes) at the Golden Nugget and I was pleasantly surprised by the remodel. I only got as far as the main lobby with the surrounding lounges and bars, and poker room, but I was quite impressed with how cleaned up and modern it was.We could see the multi-tier pool area from the 6th floor of the parking garage and it looked quite fun too.I don't know how the actual rooms are, but from what I saw I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this as a spot to take out of town guests.
4	1) Awesome pool (shark pool). Not as small as people make it seem.2) Even more awesome cabanas! Comes with a ceiling fan, sunblock, cooling wipes, bottled water, fruit & cheese plate. You have the option of hooking your ipod into their system and controlling the volume through a knob on the wall in your cabana. Furniture was super comfy. Drink servers were very efficient and very nice. Ordered food and it came within 15 minutes with the food piping hot.3) Daybeds lack umbrellas/shade. Could be updated. The pillow/cover on mine was torn. 4) Valet is very quick, friendly, and efficient!5) Bellhops were really slow and unorganized that weekend (EDC weekend).6) Service at the buffet was wonderful. Waiters were very nice and friendly as well. Menu could use some updating. Loved their antipasto selection. Good salad bar.7) I got the cheapest room possible, the Carson Tower room. After reading the yelp reviews, i decided to ask for an upgrade, but when i got there, they were  completely booked and I ended up stuck with my room. Honestly, the rooms are in great condition for what they are. Everything was very clean and spotless. Bathroom was humongous, and so was the room. The bottled fiji water in the room was ridiculously expensive so i used my phone to find a walgreens. Turns out, i'd forgotten to switch it to the "walking" mode, so it instructed me to walk all the way around the block. A very dark, stinky, and decrepit looking block. Save yourself a mugging and walk through the Fremont Street Experience. It's at the end of the road.All in all, I paid 97.40 on bookit for two nights and also received a $50 cabana credit. The Golden Nugget is a great place to stay if you're checking out downtown with friends or family. There's a spectacular spa that you ABSOLUTELY MUST TRY. Mauro, a masseuse, WORKS MIRACLES!!!! and if you're looking for a spray tan, i got a fantastic one from monique there. she left me looking like i just came from bali and not the queens hotel with a bellyful of chicken fried steak.=D I'd give this place 5 stars if there were more affordable dining options. I found room service and their carson street cafe to be really pricey for the kind of food they're serving.
4	The best casino and hotel on Freemont St. The people are down to earth and not stuck up like some places on the strip. I love it! The pool is amazing.
5	The Golden Nugget hotel was a lot of fun. The Charter House restaurant had great food. The pool was great because you can view the fish and sharks in the tank while you swim.  We had a good time.
5	I thought the pool was great. Shark tank was entertaining to watch and there are convenient tanning chairs on the water. My friend thought the pool smelled absolutely horrid but I really didn't think it was that bad (possibly because I was too intoxicated from the bar to care). Jacuzzi is open late.We ate at the charthouse right behind the check-in desk and it was a great experience!!! Everything was delicious. I ordered the 12 ounce prime rib, baked potato, and fried macaroni and cheese which came out to be around 45 dollars. Fair price it was really good!!Room service was disappointing and overpriced for what we got but that's probably the norm with every hotel.It was $89.27 for a one night stay in a rush tower which was really really nice in my opinion especially the bathroom [huge thing for me]. The only meh thing in my opinion was waiting for the elevators up to the parking structure around check-in/check-out time since it gets very crowded with only 2 elevators available. Downside was that it wasn't on the strip... but it was super convenient that it was located right next to a shopping/live entertainment area that was only a few steps away from the casino. I'd still stay at the Golden Nugget again though. I thought it was a great hotel!
1	My girlfriend was a long time patron of the Golden Nugget, and saved up for our first 3-day/2-night romantic vacation in Vegas.  We went to the Chart House in the hotel for a fancy dinner our first night, and decided to go back to our room in the Carson Tower, because we had quite a few to drink all day.  That night between the hours of midnight to 4am while we were asleep in bed, someone came into our room and robbed us.  They stole the cash from my wallet, slot machine stubs, and her brand new Mac Book Pro on financing for 12 months.  She only had it for 1 month so far.  The front door was left ajar as we went to open it.When we realized what had happened, we immediately went to the front desk to request another room as a security guard came to take our statement while packing our bags.  We then went to the Las Vegas Metro Police station to report the stolen laptop with the serial number.  My girlfriend was a wreck, and couldn't stop crying.  We felt violated as to someone bold enough to come into our rooms while we were sleeping.  We suspected that it could have been someone on that same floor and hallway, being that it was close to the end of the hallway and exit stairwell at the end.  We figured on each end of the hallway are dome security cameras, and they can check the footage between those hours. The hotel and the police department disregarded us, as we kept complaining to check the security tapes.   We asked to directly talk to the manager, and they would send a security guard (older man in his 70's) who is oblivious to the event.  We stayed for an extra day to try to connect to anyone who can help at the hotel.  They could only give us a $20 discount for the extra day.  My girlfriend is still traumatized by the events, and I am frustrated that the Golden Nugget just didn't care to react.  Our whole trip was ruined, as we felt paranoid staying in our room.  We will never go back to the Golden Nugget again, and presume that the hotel security cameras are fakes.  They kept on giving us the run-around, because they probably don't have the footage to make a case.
5	This is one of the nicer properties on Freemont Street. The coffee shop is one of the downtown power lunch places in Las Vegas (My review coming shortly). The pool is very cool, only in Las Vegas will you find a shark tank next to tourists getting tan in the glorious Las Vegas sun. Stop by and check it out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	We are locals that booked a night so our granddaughter could enjoy the pool. There was a distinct smell of sulphur that was a turn off, and the clarity in the pool was worse than in the shark tank. On the up side, service was great in hotel, restaurants and poolside. Rooms were great and clean. There was no noise from outside at all. We would stay there again.
5	I spend 3 nights in the upgraded "Rush Tower" of the Golden Nugget and it was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on.  The room was also very modernized and gorgeous.  Definitely the best place to stay in Old Vegas.  The pool called "The Tank" was amazing.
4	Downtown Las Vegas is the historical place to stay and the Golden Nugget is the best all around establishment there. The service & staff were friendly and made us feel like we were at home. The rooms were modern and clean (very comfortable beds) and the hotel/casino common areas were also clean and well maintained. The food was great and the service was even better. Casino staff were professional and attentive with a well organized floor plan, clean, and by far at the top of the downtown casino list. Keno lounge was like sitting in your living room. Beverage service was exceptional.The air quality could have been better, but with smoking (and I smoke cigars but not in the casino), this is understandable and probably unavoidable.The covered street fair and rock bands just outside the casino were great free fun between craps and one armed bandit play.Pool area also had black jack tables. lounge chairs were somewhat crowded together, but we didnt go the LV to lay in the sun, we're from Southern California!I would recommend the modestly priced additional fee for VIP checkin. The rates were very reasonable for under $60 a night.We'll be returning soon and will always stay at the Golden Nugget.
3	I came to vegas as a weekend get away with my boyfriend and his family. I've never been to Las Vegas. So I didn't know what I was in for. When we showed up at the hotel, I was like.... "Out of all the cool hotels, why are we here?!?!" Of course I was being a little judgemental. We stayed at the nugget for 2 nights. I ended up loving the hotel. Everyone is so nice, the tank was awesome, most of the visitors were families. Which I don't mind what so ever. Kids are in bed by like 9PM, so if you roam around the hotel you would not see one little squirt in sight. The cafe kinda sucked. The service was slow and the food tastes 'microwaved.' All and all I do reccommend this place to anyone who wants to have a nice night away from crazy people and the strip.
4	My wife and I stayed here July 3rd through the 10th, 2012.- The pool is awesome. The shark tank and the slide through it are fun as hell. I was a little miffed that the pool closed at 8pm because around that time it started to cool off and the sun was setting and it was perfect for a swim, but they pull the lifeguards so you can't get in. But they leave the deck and the poolside blackjack tables open... so it's like they are taunting you. LOL- The casino was nice, a good variety of machines and games, and the location allowed for you to hit multiple properties and see what they had to offer, too.- The restaurant selection was kinda meh. The coffee shop and buffet were very uninspired and a little spendy for what you got. The Grotto Italian restaurant was good.- The poker room was intimate and comfortable, with a decent amount of games. The play was choppy, but that's probably because it was full of WSOP-wannabees.- The room was serviceable. We were in the Carson Tower, we were unable to upgrade to the other, more swank ones. But all we really need in Vegas is a bed and a shower, and the room was perfectly acceptable for that.All in all, a great experience. The staff was nice and helpful. We would stay here again.
3	Great price, great pool area!  The Check in line was long but it moved fast.  The rooms were decent (double).  The bed were not queen size.  They were more like fulls.  Overall the best place to stay at Freemont Street.
4	Let's do an update.My last review of Golden Nugget did not include the hotel rooms, but since I stayed at Golden Nugget a few weekends ago for my bachelorette party downtown I can now do an update involving the rooms, the casino, and room service.If I were reviewing solely on the room this review would be a 2.5-star, which I know is impossible, so I have to bump it up to a 3. The room we stayed in looked as though it had undergone a serious revamp, but it was very eclectic and not in a good eclectic way. There were random half-curtains everywhere. The one on the bathtub was especially odd. Why only part of the curtain? The fabrics chosen clashed throughout the hotel room. I wish they'd gone with more of a neutral palette rather than many patterns. The room was clean though and they do supply plenty of towels and toiletries. Room service was ordered for myself because I was super late in getting to my own bachelorette party because of work. They have pretty standard fare and I ordered the chicken strips. They did come with a BBQ dipping sauce, but no ranch and came with some decent french fries. Even though we we stayed a GN we didn't get a chance to utilize their awesome pool. Around 10 AM is was already packed and I actually saw people setting up their towels on the hard concrete because there were no chairs left. Icky. No thanks. The casino review stands. It's still nice inside and everything has been redone. Therefore 2.5 room, but considering it's Downtown and the casino is nice must go up to 4 stars.
2	Casino Only Review: I'm not really a fan of the Golden Nugget. I've been in the place several times now, quite often on First Friday I hop off the shuttle and walk through their casino to get to Fremont Street. And each time I go in, I don't have a good experience. I've had trouble with my cards not working in the slot machines. I've had servers walk right by me and not offer me drinks while attending to others close by. Compared to other properties on Fremont the Golden Nugget just feels off to me. Now I will admit decor wise it's nice, the shark tank with the slide is nice eye candy, but so far I've found myself wishing I had just cut my losses and found another casino along Fremont to explore. 2 Stars as Meh, I've experienced better certainly applies in this case.
4	Golden Nugget Casino:Right in the heart f the Freemont Street Experience and it adds in to the feeling of Old Las Vegas. The decor was old and so was the crowd but that kept out the drunk crazy young people that paraded the boulevard and casinos. We had a great time at the roulette table with our dealer, Kai.
4	Hotel review:The beds were SO nice and comfortable.  Our room was very, very clean and the shower was nice.  The A/C was great.  The pool was a little dirty and murky and made me wonder if people had spilled their drinks in it.  There was a ton of kids and very few pool chairs available.  The pool may be heated but it isn't heated very well - it was pretty cold even though we went at 5 p.m. on a 100 degree day.  The waterslide is a neat idea but nothing to write home about.Checking in was a nightmare.  We walked to Carson Tower only to find that that registration desk was closed and we had to go all the way back to the front of the hotel.  (This would not have bothered me, but I was saddled with an autistic 4 year old and our luggage all by myself.)  It was a fun experience and I would go back, mostly just for the nice beds and to show my husband the pool.  I just hope it's a little cleaner in the water next time we go.  The employees were all very nice and very helpful.  If you buy anything from the Golden Nugget store, you will be price gouged ($9.69 for a 3 oz bottle of contact cleaner, ouch!)  Also if your kid is crying for some water, don't open the bottle of Fiji water on the table because if you break that tab, it costs you $8.  For bottled water.  Seems like there should have been a golden nugget in the waterbottle, for that much money.
4	I had a great time here losing my money at the roulette table.  Also, I noticed there were $5 blackjack tables here, which I have come to found relatively uncommon at the big Hotels in Vegas.We also had a good time watching an older gentleman throw random chips all over the roulette table while his much younger girlfriend cheered him on.  Good times for sure.  If you are looking for an old fashion style casino in the middle of old Las Vegas, this is definitely the casino to go to.
4	We stayed in the newer Rush Tower and were really pleased with the room - very nice and spacious.  Only gripe about the room is wifi - why isn't wifi free everywhere nowadays??? We only went to the pool on the first floor (not the adults-only one) and went on the slide a few times.  The slide that goes through the shark tank: awesome.  The pool itself is great if you have kids since it's not very deep all the way around but otherwise, it's just okay.The buffet was not great but overall, the hotel was really nice and I love that you can walk to each of the casinos, unlike the strip.
3	The Golden Nugget is a good idea inside a bad idea.  The bad idea is staying off the strip.  The good idea is that if you must do that the Golden Nugget would be my number one choice.Need a bargain?  $50 a night in the Carson Tower with no resort fee is a Vegas STEAL.  If you've done some research, you're nervous about this recommendation.  Isn't the Carson tower older, you ask?  Yes.  But it's not tacky or dirty.  It's just dated.  But TVs are flatscreen, beds cozy, and the plumbing respectable.  Of course you could upgrade to the Rush Tower, but at $80 a night you're paying strip prices -- and so WHY would you pay strip prices but stay at Freemont?  (Or the Red Rock for that matter.)Now, suppose you intend to stay at the Carson Tower to save money but cab it to the strip once a day.   Add $40ish a day to do that.  Again, sort of a bad idea, right?So the only way I'd recommend you staying here is if you had your own car that wasn't a rental.  Then it would add -- what -- $6 in gas a day?  That's not so bad.  Of course now you have the inconvenience of not being able to leisurely drink via a designated cab driver, but maybe that's okay by you too.So if you follow the advice above, how is the hotel itself?  If you're used to strip mega resorts, the Nugget is refreshingly small.  If you forget something in your room at the Nugget, going back to get it won't take 20 minutes round trip the way it does in most resorts.  Similarly, finding what you need downstairs at the Nugget takes seconds instead of minutes.  Although the decor is kind of dated, it's shiny and 'new' looking.I've heard awful things about the buffet but there's a great 'diner' inside.   Ten dollars buys you any breakfast you want, which beats most strip buffet breakfasts.  The other restaurants looked decent enough that you wouldn't have to ditch the Nugget for the strip every time hunger hit you.  I tried the Grotto, an uneven Italian spot.  Their pizza was paper thin and sugary tomato sauce... which was odd... because the tomato sauce was significantly better in the pasta dish.  I dined at The Chart House, which was only MEH but then that's all the Chart House has ever really been.  Meh.  There was an amazing aquarium inside this restaurant, but you get a feeling that every time something's a little lame at the Nugget somebody adds swimming fish.The most over-rated feature of the place was the pool.   Sorry, but it's tiny compared to strip hotels.  In 114 degree weather, that matters.  You don't 'swim' in this pool as much as fight for a space to stand in it and cool off.  People rudely yell and splash as if you're not standing right next to them.  It's a loud obnoxious experience that, for this reviewer, is a deal breaker in summer.  Who gives a crap about sharks in a tank or a waterslide when you can't relax a little in the pool?  That's right:  children.  Oh, and did I mention you'd have better luck finding cheap eats in the Bellagio than a place to sit down in the shade at this pool?  Double deal breaker.So overall, the Nugget is OK for what and where it is.  But there are so many tricks you have to play to have this make any sense it's just easier to hang on the strip.
1	It looks beautiful in here but I have to caution you: if you have allergies to tobacco or smoke turn around and run the other way. They do NOT I repeat do not guarantee a non-smoking room. Supposedly it, and I quote, "Depends on availability." Which is crap since they know what's available based on the reservations that come in. They literally forced me to take a smoking room when I am highly allergic to tobacco. Let's just say I am not thrilled and will never be returning.
2	i love this place. i give it 2 stars because of all of the KIDS running around. Last time i checked vegas was an adult place. why bring your kids to vegas? well this place is horrible because its run down by kids everywhere! obnoxious annoying ones...so if u want a weekend getaway i would not reccommend this place to anyone! freaking kids and vegas wtffff.
1	I would have loved to give Golden Nugget 4-5 stars however the mess that their accounting department had made is completely unprofessional and unacceptable. For downtown standards, this is a nice hotel. Great pool, nice bars and walking distance to some of the best people watching. The staff was nice and the facilities clean. The room we got in Carson tower was nice, but the beds a little small. I really have no complaints about my actual stay there. The aftermath of my stay is where the problems begin.After downgrading rooms, I was owed a refund which was credited to my bank account which came through shortly after my stay. Two weeks later a pending charge hit my account for the same amount that was refunded to me. I called GN to get an itemized receipt and ask why I was being charged and the associate I spoke to told me that it was actually a credit. Huh? I know.It hit my account as a charge and when I called to find out what happened, I was told that there was a glitch in the system the day I checked out and that I was actually refunded twice, but the second refund wouldn't actually be visible in my bank account but the bank would be able to see it. HUH? I KNOW. Sounded like some f*ckery to me too. So what the GN basically told me was that I was credited with phantom money and they were taking said phantom money back. I feel terrible for the associates who helped me because it's not their fault, they're just messengers dealing with a horribly crappy situation, but this was completely unprofessional and worst of all fraudulent.  It just doesn't even make sense and is  just bad business.Shame on you Golden Nugget.
4	Surprised the girlfriend with a day at the spa so I could have some free time to gamble and booze. She thought it was a great experience, much better than the spa at Excalibur. I liked the giant slot machine, shark tank, and gold nuggets. I won some money with their free slot play, so it was a nice visit.
4	Since the BF had never been to Vegas and declared the strip "not like what I've seen in the movies" I took him to Freemont street to roam the old Vegas.  We stopped into Golden Nugget to get out of the heat and into some delicious drinks.This place seems to have undergone a makeover a bit since the last time I was here.  The dealers weren't wearing cowboy hats and western shirts anymore (perhaps that was somewhere else though..my memory of Vegas visit is hazy at best).  The place was nice yet not overwhelmingly posh like some of the other casinos.We ended up in the bar Rush which turned out to be super fun with a live band, guest singers like the Elvis guy, and drunk tourists dancing.  It was a good unexpected time and I wished I could have stayed longer instead of going to bed early for a work conference.  Why companies think having conferences in Vegas is a good idea I will never know...no one is awake during the meeting, everyone is bleary eyed hungover and falling asleep while sitting up.  I digress.Definitely a legendary place on Freemont.  You must visit the Golden Nugget casino at least once on a trip to Vegas.
4	Stayed here for a staycation one night and had a great experience! Had a room in the older tower up on a higher floor so we had a great view of Vegas. The room was clean and neat but the decor was a bit "old". Could have really cared less about the room though since I would be seeing it in a blur later. Beds were super comfy and the room was a decent size as was the bathroom. Loved the pool! The shark tank is my favorite part! I've actually come to the Nugget while hanging out on Fremont just to relax and hang out. It's a great little quiet spot at night to just chill and get away from the street noise for a minute. It's crazy to think that there's something like that in the middle of such a busy chaotic area. :)
4	The Tank makes this place, without it, I surely would have nothing else to do during the day in vegas.  To me, vegas is full of wasted energy, resources and space.Grateful I was staying here.  A clutch note ** If the main deck is full, there is a sun deck open to the public on deck three, you do not have to pay for the lounge chairs there.If it's REALLY hot out, a nice place to hang out is behind the water fall or in the "grotto" section of the pool.  There are also "seats" on either side of the tube exit to hang at.My only complaint was on my last evening, the pool was closed for "cleaning" - obviously somebody dropped the pooper... not cool.Not too keen on allow babies in the pool with diaper bathing suits either.
4	No complaints.  For the money its a deal.  Shower was amazing, they have a cool pool with a shark tank you can take a water slide through.  Great location for downtown and friendly staff.
4	The Rush Tower at the Golden Nugget is downtown's hidden gem hotel. More people need to know about it. The remodel has the room looking better than 75% of the Las Vegas strip's rooms AND at 75% less cost. The bed is huge, more pillows than anyone would ever use, a gigantic tub/shower, two-sink bathroom, a big couch with ottoman, flat screen TV's, powerful A/C (which is needed with the Vegas heat).  The casino is still a bit smokey, but it seems to get better every time I'm there, which is about 2-3 times a year.
4	We recently stayed in the Rush Tower, it was great. Downtown was a fun change from the strip. Here's my lowdown:***** room size and bed**** decor was nice although I was not a fan of the wallpaper in the bathroom**** service was fine, quick check in nice staff**** FAST elevators, really a plus for a tall building* HORRIBLE toilet paper, come on pony up for some decent soft TP & Kleenex!
4	I LOVED this place! My friend and I got a room for 50$ and the room was clean and had the most comfortable beds ever.The staff is extremely nice, From the girl at the front desk, to our bellhop and the valet. Not one had a negative attitude!The only thing is, I wish the room came with more amenities, like a hair blow dryer or a fridge. If I didn't think to pack my hair blow dryer last minute, I would've been screwed.The pool was crowded, even on a Tuesday, but clean. I loved the water slide. Although, I wish you could actually see the sharks when you slide down.I will come back here.
4	This review is for the pool area only. I didn't stay at the hotel (but it looked nice).Went in July as we heard they had a decent pool space. We went up to the top of the Sharks Tank  (THE TANK)---which was awesome-- and rented a day bed (the girl who worked there hooked my GF and I up with a decent price) at the infinity pool they have up there.  When we got too hot we would walk around the corner and slide down through the middle of the sharks tank into the below pool. It was fun. I would def. spend a day there. We were getting buckets of beer (bottles of corona) for like $25 delivered to our day bed. Staff was friendly, the patrons were mostly older types at the top of The Tank and kids and parents in the bottom pool. Didn't seem douchy at all just regular people looking to have a good time. No Jersey Shore Affliction wearing types.
5	Newfound place to go!! Cheap drinks good atmosphere. If you gamble too it's not gonna cost you a fortune for one bet. The cafe nachos are horrible though.
5	The nugget is probably the nicest hotel on Freemont Street. It's definitely not as "sticky" as some the others (i.e.; The Golden Gate, 4 Queens, etc)I recommend the Rush Tower. It's newer, super clean,Trying to be stylish... the rooms are all decorated in shades of brown (we called it Burt Reynolds Chic)The bed was super comfy and the staff was really nice. Now I love Downtown Vegas over the Strip. I am not a millionaire, a Kardashian, an Orange County Housewife, or any other kind of B celebrity, nor am I delusional to think that if I hang out at the Cosmo I might become one of those. Plus it smells like Drakar in there, which makes me what to punch people in the face.I like the idea of old school Vegas...Down town...kind of seedy, free drinks, $5 crap tables.... People with missing digits, missing limbs, really bad outfits, 80's hair and eye patches....It's AMAZING... Freemont Street is so wrong it's right!It's as if Disneyland and San Francisco's Tenderloin had a baby...It's dingy, sparkly, fascinating and horrifying all at the same time.The Bon Jovi light show can only be toped by the Queen light show.And if you are lucky, you can ZIP LINE the length of Freemont St., during it!  WHAT??!!Definitely pay the extra $ for the ADULT only pool. Don't eat at the barffet / buffet ( I saw a bug)Do have cocktails snacks in the Chart House and definitely stay in the Rush Towers. It's worth saving the money on a room on the strip, so you can have more drinks, more food, and more gambling everywhere else.
4	I didnt realize that the hallways and pool allows smoking. I didnt like that. The rooms are non-smoking, thank goodness. This is my first time staying in Las Vegas, I was so excited about cheap price but I realized that it's not really cheap, it comes out even with other hotels that includes free stuff, this one charges pretty much for everything, $10 for coffee in room, $7 for bottle water in room, $12.99 for wi-fi. -_- The rooms were very clean (We stayed in Carson Tower) and I have to say this, I love their toilet, I feel like Tim Taylor from Tool Time was there with the "Binford 4000" septic tank. The flush is so powerful, I had to step back! LOL
4	This is great value for your $$$!!  It also helped that we received a complimentary upgrade to one of the Rush tower suites. The room was very modern and clean... much nicer than many rooms you would get on the strip for 3x the price. The only minor issue we had was the key not working when we got to the room after waiting in check in line for a while. The security let us in until we went downstairs and obtained a new key. The bathroom was very spacious with a large tub and his and her sink. The bed was very comfortable and there was a large flat screen TV. However, there was no mini fridge, which was kind of a bummer when trying to chill our bottles of Gray Goose and other goodies. All in all, excellent value for your $$!
4	Great Hotel, Beautiful pool and shark tank.  Great staff and tons to do onsite. A must do again.No complaints other than the rooms are a little out dated.
4	The beds were so comfy! There was a little wait because of the line checking in late on a Friday night. Our room was a fairly good size. We were on the 3rd floor of Carson tower, no view whatsoever ...but I was ok with that since I only planned on sleeping there. The bathroom was clean,  as was the rest of the room. I had read the Yelp reviews about being charged extra for drinking the coffee or water in the room so I avoided that all together. I brought my own instant coffee & used their coffee maker (which is a k cup kind). Also, everyone is right about the pool with the shark tank being awesome. The pool upstairs is also great to avoid the kids. I would definitely stay there again, the price is right!
4	Great place to gamble and their swimming pool was on the list of top 20 pools in the world!The swimming pool is outside with a shark tank in the middle. They also have a slide that goes through the shark tank which I think is pretty awesome.Gambling here was fun except when your drinking the Red Bull isn't free. So I got a Remy Martin and Reb Bull for $5 plus tip. Not too bad. The tables by the pool suck! I totally lost all my profit and the girl at our table was whack! No customer service or a smile out of her. But the person that watched her was a total sweetheart. She even gave us an extra drink ticket!
1	EDIT2: They charged my card AGAIN. I have now been charged four times for a one night stay. I've put a charge block on my card. Here's the saga on Vegas Chatter: http://www.vegaschatter.com/story/2012/9/4/162713/3521/vegas-travel/If+You+Stay+At+Golden+Nugget%2C+Keep+An+Eye+On+Your+Credit+Card+StatementsEDIT: So, I'm fresh back from my stay this weekend and here's the rest of the story.A representative from The Golden Nugget called me on Friday and explained their billing software was not jiving well with AMEX and that's why the double charge again. He then told me I would receive $300 off the bill when I checked in.Flash forward to Saturday (my check-in day) - my husband and I check-in with surly employees at the VIP lounge, go upstairs, have a lovely stay in our suite. Then we checked out this morning and THAT's where the issues come up.The employee who checked me out informed me we were booked to stay until 9/3. I replied to her that we had only booked one night. She then said, "Well, whoever booked this online booked two nights. If you want to check out today there will be a $50 early check-out fee."I simply replied, "No." She did some typing and then, lo and behold, we didn't have to pay the fee anymore.I am utterly AGHAST at the amount and degree of billing errors I have experienced in booking one night with The Golden Nugget. From reading other reviews here, I believe this to be a systemic and reoccurring issue in this casino and hotel. I'll be calling the number of the gentleman who promised me everything would be fine during my stay to alert him to this. Even though I received a reduced rate, I cannot in good conscience recommend anyone give these people their billing information.________________________________________ I wish I could give this hotel NO stars. The Golden Nugget has now charged me $530 TWICE for a stay I haven't even HAD yet! Watch your credit card if you decide to give them any of your information. The first time was when I originally booked my stay in July. I noticed a duplicate charge on my AMEX and called them about it. I was informed they had double charged almost everyone that day and were working on getting people refunds.They did refund me but then...On August 27 (two days ago), I received ANOTHER CHARGE for $530 on my AMEX from The Golden Nugget, THIS time it was filed under "Specialty Retail," which a customer rep told me meant someone had charged my card in one of their shops. I haven't even stayed there yet, so this means someone has either taken down my info and used my card to charge something or they have a dangerous glitch in their accounting system.I informed them of this and after more than 20 minutes on hold, I received NO apology, no compensation, nothing. They told me I have to talk to their accounting department. The hotel manager (Roxanne Yun) said they could do nothing for me and that she "had no knowledge" of the SECOND duplicate charge on my card.Basically, they told me since it didn't show up on their screens (which, why would it? It's not attached to my reservation. It's a charge on my card from an unauthorized purchase in the gift shop.) it does not exist to them and they can do nothing for me.I offered to send them statements, written instructions, etc. and she repeated to me that I would just have to talk to accounting. Again, I would not recommend you give these people your credit card information. I'm reporting them to the FTC tomorrow morning.
5	This has got to be my favorite hotel in downtown. This recent trip was my second time staying at this hotel. I've only stayed in the Carson tower, so not too sure how the Rush tower looks, but I'm sure it is way better since it's new. Maybe I'll stay there on my next Vegas trip.The Golden Nugget is in the middle of Fremont and it is also the nicest looking hotel in downtown. The pool is also gorgeous, although I didn't get to go to the pool until the last day of my vacation in 105 degree weather. What's better than hanging out in the pool with a couple beers in the sun?? Not to mention, the weather makes you drunk much faster. If you're staying in downtown Vegas, I'd suggest you stay at the Golden Nugget. It may not be as cheap as the California or the other Boyd hotels, but it's much nicer and you get your best bang for the buck!
5	The new rush tower rooms are so nice!!!!!
5	THIS IS MY SECOND HOME!!!!!!!!We come to vegas once a month, sometimes more, and this is the ONLY place we stay, unless we get an offer to stay at one of the MGM properties for free. The newest tower they have, the RUSH Tower, is SOOOOOO NICE! FIVE STAR HOTEL QUALITY FOR SURE!We have stayed in there other rooms and not been nearly as happy so we try very hard to avoid the other towers. This hotel is old so its understandable that their older towers have older rooms with outdated decor but because we were lucky enough to discover the Rush Tower we will keep coming bak again and again!!!The pool is the best in downtown! They have a water slide that goes through their shark tank!!! The only downfall....there are A LOT of kids!Bottom line, overall I love this place! I can't wait to go back!
4	The hotel was a lovely venue for a conference. Loved the water slide, the many restaurants, the whole downtown atmosphere. Didn't like that my room on a nonsmoking floor was permeated with smoke smell in my bedding and towels. Tip: put a towel against the door crack, turn on the A/C, and the bathroom fan, then use the spare pillow from the closet that isn't stinky. Then put it back during the day. My room was gorgeous in the Gold Tower, desk staff was friendly and efficient. I had a very nice stay.
3	Old Vegas keeps on rocking LOL.
5	The thing about this hotel is that you get what you pay for. I have stayed in all 3 towers. My stay at the Carson Street tower was made memorable by the loooooong walk to the room. Get out of the elevator, long walk to the end of the hall, turn left, another long walk down the hall to my room. Whew. The room was OK but dated.I stayed in the Gold Tower "Gold Club Room" and thoroughly enjoyed it. My most recent stay was in the new Rush Tower and loved it. They had their own check in desk with an amazing aquarium behind it,. The room was great. I'll only stay in the Rush Tower from now on.We tend to have breakfast in the cafe downstairs and have always had a good experience there, although there is usually a wait to get in. The servers were always pleasant and best of all, the food is good.Above the check in desk at the Rush Tower is the Chart House bar, (right below the aquarium). I had the calamari appetizer with drinks. Excellent calamari and I can only hope that Maggie the bartender is there again when I return. Perfect bartender.Oh yeah... The pool. Amazing....My recommendations;1) The Pool2) Stay in the Rush Tower3) The Pool3) See Maggie at the bar in the Chart House3) The Pool4) Try not to stay in the Carson Tower if possible
4	Great hangout nice Pool area!
3	This is my first review that I didn't give five stars too..BooHoo. Well the problem is consistency...I love to stay at the Rush Towers when I need a day to myself to escape. However, I never know quite what I'm going to get. The first stay was impeccable, Next stay was okay. Please never stay in a room that faces the North...Meaning towards the downtown area...Very Noisy with the Freemont Street Experience. The room is decorated in a dark brown theme which I find quite relaxing..To conclude the reason for three stars is when I asked for no smoking room for one of my stays the room reeked of smoke.
4	Stayed here years ago....in the Carson Street tower.  Before the Rush tower existed.  We had a Rush Tower room (room 5216) this time, and I must say that the Nugget did it right with those rooms.  5216 is a suite, but it was an above average room, with the only negative being outdoor ambient noise, mostly during the day.  It was pretty quiet at night.  The bathroom in our room was tremendous, with the huge shower being the highlight!  We'll definitely stay at the GN, in the Rush tower rooms when we want to stay downtown.  Well done Golden Nugget!
4	by far the best hotel in downtown Las Vegas.stayed in a Carson Tower room with a few friends and all of my basic necessities for a quality hotel room were met. The beds were clean, the bathroom was clean, the HDTV actually worked :), and there was hot water. woot!!!if your staying near the Carson Tower, there's a Starbucks and the gift shop both located right downstairs near the elevators.the casino is lot more spacious compared to the rest of the casino's on Fremont Street and is clean and the decor is quite charming. it doesn't look like a dump at all!!! The swimming pool that's wrapped around the fish/shark tank  is beautiful also.try the italian restaurant Grotto also. it's fabulousONE ISSUE that  bothered me is the whole parking situation at the GN.When we arrived at the golden nugget, we proceeded to the parking garage. guy in suit " I need to see your room key"us " uh, we haven't checked in yet"guy in suit " well you need a hotel key for free parking or we are going to charge you for parking"alas, we ended stopping by the valet temporarily to check in. Afterwards we came back out and entered the parking garage. The guy in the suit just waved us in as we showed him our room keys.next afternoon as we check out, we proceed to leave the parking garage. lady at the exit asked us where our ticket was.us " uh what ticket? we are hotel guests. we are just leaving"lady "your supposed to have a ticket stub. I am sorry, I have to charge you for parking in our garage"us " wait what!!!, the guy in the suit just waved us in as we entered yesterday.few minutes later, I finally find my hotel check out invoice and prove to her that we were actual guests.lady " ok, fine, i'll let you guys off the hook this time.my whole experience at the Golden Nugget was awesome, except for the whole parking situation. just remember to get a ticket stub as you enter the garage or you will be harassed upon leaving.
2	So we stayed here in May and it was fantastic. Reasonably priced decent room. everything was totally on par with being in old town. Also, SHARK TANK SWIMMING POOL!We had a great time with great service.....We came back at the end of Sept and let me tell you Jekyl and Hyde this place...Paid more and stayed at the Rush tower. It's a nice room. Sadly they want $200 bucks a night on the weekend, which if you've ever been to Vegas you know you can stay in a VERY nice hotel for that. Not just a nice room in a mediocre hotel.Bellhop and Security both had a hard time getting to the room.... for some reason.They magically checked us out a night early, so coming back our room keys are deactivated and you have to jog all over the casino to find a tower that has someone working. Oh and they still charged me for that night..... when we ended up just crashing at our friend's. Room service screwed up or order, then got rude, then tried to tell us we would have to order the same thing AGAIN and pay twice. Manager was rude and we had to spend 20 minutes trying to get the right order without being charged twice.They have now charged my credit card more than double what the price should be.I had to call 3 times before someone actually sent me an itemized bill. My email regarding the over charge has never been acknowledged. Watch your bank statements if you stay here. There were some charges removed (by magic) when I called and asked for an itemized bill...HOWEVER they still have almost $500 in mystery charges that we are trying to resolve.I'm just saying, if you want to pay $1500 for TWO nights in old town this might be your place, but I don't recommend it. I'm trying to get this resolved so I can go back to thinking good thoughts about the Golden Nugget....Stay off season and during the week and you won't feel ripped off. Otherwise proceed with caution.
5	Best Hotel in Vegas! and only place to stay downtown.  While the strip has more sights to see the Golden Nugget is the place to stay and gamble.  slots are looser, staff is  friendly and rates are fantastic.  Poker room is smaller but just the right size for my hubby.  Claudes Bar is in the center of the action and has the best bartenders in town.  the Rush Lounge has live music almost every night and there is no cover... YES live free music...cant get that on the strip.  Whenever we go to Vegas we visit the strip and stay at the Nugget.
3	Comfortable and nice room in the Carson Tower.  Pool and Shark Tank are fabulous!  Only complaint was ventilation as it wreaked of cigarette smoke.  I haven't noticed such a strong odor in the newer hotel casinos.  Also room numbers and elevator signs in hallways weren't very well lit.Good value however next time I'll return to one of the newer hotels on the strip.
5	Third time we've stayed here and I do believe it has improved each time we stayed.  The people that staff the hotel and the Carson Street Cafe are very nice and while friendly, they are still very efficient.Get a rental, stay downtown and visit the strip at your leisure, using the Valet service to save yourself from from all the walking.  Be sure to tip the Valets and any other Service personnel.  They exist  to make your visit more fun.
3	I love downtown Vegas. Most folks think its too old skool and grimey, but I love the nostalgia. I've stayed at many of the hotels (Mandalay, Aria, THE HOTEL), but the Golden Nugget is classic. The hotel still feels old skool with some new touches i.e. flat screens at the bar, Starbucks in the lobby and The Shark Aquarium Pool. The pool and its slide=a fun time. The customer service was excellent, but Unfortunately the rooms need more updating and fast. The interiors are old, from the head boards to the curtains and AC units. Yes single AC units, not central air. Probably because its so old, but still. The bathroom and shower smelled damp and dank.
3	We stayed at the Golden Nugget the last night of our honeymoon.  We had stayed on the strip, and thought it would be cool to stay on Fremont Street the last night.  They have done some upgrades to the property, but coming from the modern hotels on the strip I felt like I was taking a downgrade.  The one redeeming feature they have is the shark tank by the pool.  It was really cool to swim near the tank and use the water slide that goes through the tank.
4	We had the best experience staying here. My husband and I stayed in the Rush Tower and the room is amazing for the price. The nice soaking tub was a huge plus (the rain shower needed more water pressure) the bed was fairly comfortable and the best part is the Rush Tower is a completely non-smoking tower and you can definitely tell. The only draw back for this hotel is the other towers. It appears that the great service goes all toward the newer Rush Tower because when my friend and her husband checked into their Gold Tower room, they still had housekeeping staff fixing the room. Housekeeping took their sweet time with what they were doing and then still left some sharp metal thing on the floor which my friend's husband then stepped on. The Golden Nugget then had to be persuaded to move their room to the Rush Tower (where we were staying) to make up for the inconvenience. Other than that our stay was amazing, the staff was very nice and helpful and anytime a request was made (bell person, valet, housekeeping - Rush Tower only) we were assisted quickly and efficiently. We will definitely stay there again but only in the Rush Tower.
4	I highly recommend the upgrade to the Rush Tower Rooms.  This is a very hectic hotel casino in downtown Las Vegas.  After reading reviews about items being stolen in rooms while people were sleeping in them, I was glad to see the security staff on patrol in the Rush Tower section of the hotel.  The rooms offer modern luxury and are worth every penny of the upgrade.  You do pay for the prime location in the form or internet and coffee fees, but it is a small price to pay for location, location, location.
4	Was a nice stay here, real deferent from new vegas, we went for just one night, even won some money on the slots, I am going back ,when I have time,
4	Golden Nugget actually lost a star as soon as we arrived. It was our first time staying there and we had reserved a basic Carson Tower room. We walked up to a random employee at a counter near the Rush Tower elevators to ask where we could check in and he said he could do that for us. Awesome! He checks us in, we make the trek across the hotel to the Carson Tower, are happy that our room is near the elevators, open the door...and walked into a room that was still occupied. There were clothes and suitcases everywhere so we walked right back out. I left my husband there with our luggage while I went to complain & get a new room, now feeling a little uneasy that someone could that easily have access to all my stuff when i'm not in the room. They immediately upgraded us to a Rush Tower room and sent someone to help my husband with our stuff. Unfortunately that whole situation cost us about 45 minutes of precious pool time.The room was very nice, view of the strip on the distance, spacious, his & hers sinks, big TV, and a couch. We made sure to use the safe when we left the room, just in case. We didn't use the coffee maker because the Keurig pods were in a 4 pack that cost $10 if you used even one. The GN Starbucks is 24 hours, though, so that makes it easy to get your coffee fix. I like that thee pool entrance was centrally located. By the time we got there, the pool was already packed and it was near impossible to find a chair to put our stuff down. The adult pool on the 3rd level was small and you have up pay $10 for a chair so we didn't even hang out there. The 2nd floor was just a bunch of chairs and cabanas, which was awkward since you can't even see the pool. The shark tank was definitely worth going to the pool to see. The slide goes so quick that you can't really see anything, but its still a cool concept. The drinks were a little pricey, but strong.The rest of the stay was fun and we enjoyed the upgraded room. Just beware of what you leave out when you leave your hotel room!
4	after the Hell Cortez would not honor our reservation, we went to the Golden Nugget the inside was really nice, it looked like they expanded or renovated but there was a pool area , and a Shark tank .They also have a spa. Really friendly  staff checked us in. we went upstairs to drop off our bags. Room was nicer and more spacious than expected. very comfy! but my only complaint and very minor is the coffee situation. usually the in room coffee is free, but theirs was $10 for 4 K cups, but other that no complaints. very nice full service place. Very convenient to enjoy Fremont St.
2	The Golden Nugget is terrible!! They charge $12.99 for internet access, $7.99 for 12 oz  water bottle ,and $10.99 for coffee. They charge your credit card twice, once when you make reservation and another time when you check in the kiosk because they have no employees at the front desk.I was afraid to use or touch anything inside the room I rented because of fear of being charge an obscene amount of money.
5	Stayed in the new Rush Tower.  While double the price of their other rooms its still an amazing value especially during a sale.  The room is beautiful with comfortable beds and a newer design.  Possible extras where 12.00 for wifi for one device,  Figi water 7.00  had basic cable so charged for movies.  No refrigerator but Ice bucket.  I could subtract for the few negatives above but value wise these are extras that I can give up for the better prices they offer while an old dingy room/hotel is unforgivable.Bath had robes and nice lotions.  Flat screen tv with nice built in and dvd player. Sofa by window offered view of fremont street.    Parking is free for guests and there where no suprises on the bill.The pool and casino are new looking even the parking structure has a glass elevator.  I preferred the walking distance buffet at Main Street Station or the paradise buffet at the Fremont Hotel but that's what so great about the Golden Nugget its a fun walk down Fremont street to all kinds of places.   Go to the shows on the strip but stay and play on Fremont street and the Golden Nugget is the best Fremont street hotel and best value.
4	Fremont Experience!!If there's a casino on Fremont that I prefer over others, it would definitely be the Golden Nugget.  This place has changed in the last couple of years.  I remember when I was only 14 years old walking her from the Excalibur.  Forward 20+ years later and I am still walking here, but from the Main Street Parking Log. When I have friends come around from out of town, they always want to go to Fremont Street and this is where I take them. When I think of Golden Nugget, I think of 4 different types of casinos.1st:  You get the Fremont Experience side where it's mostly your table games and slots.  Your typical "Vegas Baby" crowd of course, but also a large amount of locals donating their paychecks. 2nd:  You get the lobby area, which has been remodeled.  Nice fish/shark tank bam!! in your face. 3rd.  You get close to the family atmosphere near their cafe and pool.  4th:  You got upstairs where there's more eats and a lot quieter.  There was a time I came out here almost weekly because they had some of the juiciest poker games.  I'm not even talking high limit. I'm small time for sure, but not uncommon to make some dough on the 2/4 game here.  Tons of action with tons of calling stations.  I know, I know.  I better be quiet and quit tapping the aquarium. As for the atmosphere, I like it.  Never an issue with the staff from their restaurants to their bar to their poker room.  Golden Nugget will not set you back because everything here is fairly cheap, except the gambling obviouslyMy only issue is with their pool. The fish tank is impressive, but not a fan of their pool being smack in your face when you walk their casino. I'm still  a believer that you should be in the pool area to enjoy the pool area.  Why the 4 stars then??  I like their poker room.  One of the few places to play where you can make some money, not lose as much, and enjoy the players here.  I've met a lot of good people from different parts of the world here.  They don't take it so serious out here and also don't mind giving you their money.
4	I have stayed here for years. Friendly staff And wonderful guest rooms. I love the Carson tower 1 of the last great downtown hotels in fact it could be the oldest casino downtown . original white marble floors , giant shark tank too swim inn and large guest rooms . This place is not next to the Fremont experience it's part of it !
1	Golden Nugget deserves 1 star when you have to pull a couch cushion off of the sofa to put in the bathroom to get some peace and quiet sleep.  I'm not proud of it and it's a first for me, but sleeping in the bathroom was about the only place I could get some rest.  Had the front desk only informed me that the music and noise coming from Fremont Street Experience was so loud that it penetrates the walls of the Rush Tower hotel rooms facing it, I would have elected to go on the opposite side of the tower.  I was here on business, not by choice, and got the short end of the stick.  People staying here be warned: if you are in the new Rush Tower facing  Fremont Street, the music plays full volume until 3:00am and literally penetrates the windows and walls.  Putting your hand against either of them will reveal the pulsating beats and low-end frequencies of the music being blasted from 100 feet away.  I'm not being elderly about it- I'm in my 30's and enjoy loud concerts....just not when I'm trying to sleep.  I was compensated 1 night free for my troubles (stayed a total of 2 nights).  I'll say that the rooms in the new Rush Tower are nice and hold their own against any of the newer 3 star hotels on the Vegas Strip.  But what good is a nice room if you can't enjoy it?Customer service was the worst experience I have ever had at any hotel.  When I called at midnight willing to change my room for another, nobody at the hotel was willing to help.  I complained that I was never given a notice about how much noise would be pushing through the wall and it was only met with a mere "well, this is Vegas and the city never sleeps" attitude.  I call B.S..  I've stayed in most of the major hotels lining the strip and have never had an issue with outside noise.  The next day the manager on duty, Orion, told me and my group of 20 business administrators that "he would not" allow us to speak to the General Manager, Brett, because he did not want to bother the GM with an issue like this.  I really can't believe that the words out of his mouth were "I will not do that for you."  Nice customer service.  He said that in front of a large group of us at the front desk.  This is what we in the business world say should be a "never event."  As in, me and my group of 20 administrators will never be back to the Golden Nugget based on the poor customer service.  I hope Brett puts a check on the attitudes of the managers because it makes the hotel experience awful and reflects poorly on the hotel management.  My 2nd night they conveniently found me a room facing the opposite way as Fremont Street.  At night it was peaceful, quiet, and the way it should be.  Thanks for comping me one night, though. It was my company's money and at least Orion admitted that my guest experience was not acceptable.  I told him to pass on to Brett that the Golden Nugget should start giving a disclaimer to all guests to warn them about the excessive noise that comes through the wall.  He said that it was "a great idea" and I'm sure that he was lying.  I bet he never brought it up again.  The fact is that the Golden Nugget is just not a guest friendly hotel at this time.  Maybe a change in staff attitude would help put the bow on an otherwise pretty package.
3	I try to avoid downtown hotels at all costs since they're old, icky looking and smell like ashtrays.  I had friends from out of town over the weekend who wanted to see the light show and the shark tank.  I haven't even heard of a shark tank downtown - what shark tank?  We followed the signs to The Tank.  It's pretty neat!  The pool is heated and you can drink there or go down the slide as if you're swimming with the sharks.  A smaller version of the one in Atlantis (Bahamas).I was amazed how neat the Golden Nugget looks.  They have Chihuly-esque glass sculptures and light fixtures.  I wouldn't know what the rooms are like though since I still don't trust downtown hotels.  This is where old folks party.  LOL.
4	Very cool place! I love Fremont street.  This place is definitely old Vegas with so much character! I would definitely recommend visiting this casino before leaving Vegas! This place is CLASSY!
4	Didn't stay, but I will say, the pool area is to die for. The cafe was great. Reasonably priced. I'd like to stay here next time..after I'm married :)
2	I really did not enjoy our stay at this casino. We went because my cousin decided to get married in a chapel on the strip and everyone stayed in the Nugget. Having my family there made the stay bearable - everything else was difficult to deal with.It's impossible to go anywhere in the hotel without being assailed by cigarette smoke. Even the elevators. And - about those elevators!! There's a constant sales pitch during the entire elevator ride. God help you if you're on the top floor - I imagine the mono-toned woman they hired to do the voice over would try to sell you the bed sheets by the time you get to the top floor. Others might think the shark tank in the middle of the pool is cool, but I can't help but feel sorry for the animals. They're in a tiny space, forced to swim round and round and round with half-drunk guests banging on the glass. Didn't make me proud of my species in any way shape or form. There was a torrential rain while we were there and there were leaks everywhere in the common areas. Also, my aunt's room was on the top floor and the rain on the roof was like a drum - the roofing must have been paper!All in all, not great.
3	I met up with my family here for a short Thanksgiving vacation. The price was definitely great. There was a web special so I got the cheapest room for free and felt no need to upgrade.It was a short stay for the night but everything went well and I can't complain. The kiosk to sign in for the Carson Towers is handy. No line waiting for them too. My room was nice, design felt a bit dated but that's probably why it was the cheaper room. I understand why they don't have free wifi, but in this day in age it's a big con to some people. If I were staying longer than a night I may have become perturbed. The shark tank is awesome, though I didn't get to actually experience it. The validation was a bit confusing. Probably because I used a kiosk I didn't have someone tell me I don't need it to be validated. Imagine my surprise when I pull out of the garage to have the guy look at me weirdly saying I'd been there a long time (He thought I gambled for 24+ hours straight apparently.)The smoke smell is everywhere. It started to get to me the next day. I doubt I could have stayed longer. Oh well.
5	This is the best hotel in Downtown for sure. It's very luxurious and has a great layout.  With being on the center of Freemont Street and tons of bars and dining options, this is the place to be at when Downtown.
4	Best value and location for the money.  Go for the Rush tower.
4	Keep doing what your doing GN. We have been there twice and both times have been an enjoyable and lovely stay. Our room in the Rush tower was so nice we didn't want to leave it, but had to because, well, it's Vegas. I love your pool and big fish tanks. Your restaurants, bars, and staff are all fantastic.
1	Stopped in for a drink at the Bar next to the Cashier Cage and to play some video poker.   It isn't much fun being ignored by the bartender who doesn't give a hoot about his job or the guests who sit at "his" bar.  (He must truly believe it is his bar the way he behaves while on duty!)    Three of us must have waited 10 minutes before he would even acknowledge us because he was busy chatting at the end of the bar not two steps from us with someone who already had drinks.  He walked by us three times at a turtle slow pace and still wouldn't glance at us purposely ignoring us.  Heard him mumbling and grumbling about his patrons in a disgraceful manner.  I could go on but don't wish to bore you any longer.  The fact of the matter is...I don't care to gamble at the Golden Nugget on Fremont ever again because of this terrible employee of theirs.
1	Shitty
4	The Nugget!! Revamped & revised.... I really like what they've done with the place. It's without a question the nicest casino resort property in downtown Vegas. My friends stay at the Nugget every September for their basketball tournament so I've grown quite familiar with the place. The lobby/registration area is small but does the job... Make sure you valet at the right entrance or else you're in for quite a walk to get there. The rooms are nice sized. They have your standard double queen sized bed setups with LCD tv screen, desk, side table and floor unit AC for the room. The pool is definitely the centerpiece of the Nugget... with its glass water slide that runs right through the giant shark containing aquarium. It's quite a site.... If I were to stay in downtown, I'd stay at the Nugget. Without a doubt. It's clean, it's fairly new... The 24 hour cafe serves decent food. It's right along the Fremont St experience so it's within walking distance of all that's happening in downtown.Valet is fairly quick. They definitely have their busy moments... Might have to wait a while if you're trying to get out of dodge after midnight or so. They definitely thin down the valet staff then. But it wasn't too bad...
1	Dirty, inconsiderate and unhappy placeWe went there on the day before new years. I could go on how this is not a place to bring kids. People are walking around everywhere with drinks and cigarettes. It is loud in the rooms. A lot of women that are "professionals" seem to be visiting the rooms.But it gets worse. The first room we were in had popcorn kernels on the floor. We could live with that. But at about midnight sewer water from the floor above starts to drip into our room.We called the lobby and asked for a new room. A maintenance guy got there in 10 minutes and was aggressive in coming into our room and looking at the damage. But getting us a new room was a very low priority. It took them over an hour to get us a new room, That is only because I called every 10 minutes. We had to move the bags ourselves as the bellhops did not expect a big tip from aggravated people with sewer water all over them.While walking across the hotel to our new room we stepped over something that was probably puke.They offered no compensation, and only a half hearted apology.We ate in their cafe too, My wife had a hair in her food, and later on I got sick from what I ate there (Spinach fritata)I simply think the 4 Star rating of this hotel is a fraud. It is less quality than Circus Circus and much more expensive.
3	My wife and I took our first trip to Vegas last October (2011). I was surprised at how clean the Golden Nugget was, and how nice it was! Honestly, I was expecting a lot less. It wasn't until we visited some of the supposedly "nicer" places on the strip that we realized that the Nugget is much better than it's given credit for. Our room was very clean. The carpet had just been cleaned before we arrived. I guess it's possible that a lake of vomit had to be cleaned up, or the soggy remnants of a porn video production, or whatever, but the only thing we saw or smelled was a clean room. I appreciated that. Then we noticed that somebody was always, and I mean ALWAYS, doing a shampoo job on the carpet somewhere in that place. Whatever the reason, I liked it. It told me that they wanted it to be clean all the time. We never attempted room service. In fact, we didn't take advantage of much at all that the hotel had to offer. If it had have been only the room I was talking about, I would have given it 5 stars, especially after seeing the room my friends had in a much more expensive hotel on the strip! However, getting a drink in the casino required huge patience and even an occasional scavenger hunt for a waitress. And also, the check in time was too long. I would think that management could figure out peak times for customers checking in and out and staff up the desk for this. Oh well. Overall, we enjoyed the Nugget and will certainly stay again.
3	This is a review for the spa and casino only. I did not sleep here.Spa: The amenities like robe and locker room were nice and the decor was luxurious, but the service felt lacking.I used a Groupon for a 80-minute hot stone massage. This was my first of the kind, so I have nothing to compare it to. The masseuse brushed the area of my skin with a brush (I assume to get rid of dead skin), massaged the area, then smoothed over it with hot stones. It was generally relaxing but it felt rushed--perhaps so, since she ended a full 15 minutes early, and started me 10 minutes late.They recommend arriving 30 minutes early for the appointment so you can get ready and perhaps use their sauna, steam room, hot tub, showers, or just sit and read a magazine or newspaper. I got there an hour early and it was definitely a good idea. I got to enjoy the water but not the other snacks since all that was left were crumbs. But being in the desert made me SO parched I chugged that H20 like a freakin' camel. And the lotion in the massage hydrated my terribly parched skin!Had I not used the Groupon, this service would have been about $230, including tip. They automatically include a 30% tip, but you can change it.Casino: In a word, nice. This is probably the only place worth going to on Fremont Street if you're more of a new-Vegas-Strip-side fan. There are penny slots and people smoke, but doesn't every place have this in Vegas? I might say this casino, while definitely smaller than ones on the strip, was nicer than the LVH.
3	The hotel was recently remodeled and looks great inside. The reason for the three stars is because the hotel it's self looked awesome with the pool/shark tank/water slide thing going on but the rooms slaked a bit. The rooms are not bad at all just not equally aesthetic as I had expected from the main floor and lobby. I would enjoy returning in the summer months to enjoy the built in floating/waiting lounge chairs.
4	Tops for Downtown, for sure... this is an absolute gem (not a nugget)!!! Clean room, very nice hallways, good ice locations, view was of the backside roof on the 6th floor, but hey...it was ~$70 avg. inc. Fri. for 5 days, love it! I got bored being in just Downtown for 5 days (only so much to see and blaces to gamble), BUT there is super easy transport to the Strip from GN. I actually walked from DT to the Stratosphere in 20 mins. Buffet is probably the best in quality DT, but you pay a bit much for it. Pool was closed cause it's Winter. But I have been here in Summer and it was crowded. Cool shark tank. Great layout on the Casino floor, plenty of good slot choices, but the table games have a fair mix of $5 - $25 min's.The swankiest of DT Locals casinos. Loved it. Will go back.
4	- Nicest casino in downtown.  Cool shark-tank that their pool's slide goes thru.- I'd give 'em 5 stars but it's always a hassle to park in their lot (which is not free unless you jump thru some hoops), even when I'm going there to visit my friend who's staying/playing at the Golden Nugget.
5	one of the best casino in las vegas!
3	Not a bad hotel for Las Vegas, relatively inexpensive but neighborhood is dicey at night.
4	Love visiting the Golden Nugget when on Fremont! They offer $5 of free play when you sign up for a Players Card, which is always nice, and they have super cheap gambling! The people manning the card tables are really friendly and helpful and they've got beautiful dancers that are entertaining when you are playing games. Love how courteous all the staff are and its a great time, even though its a bit "no frills" compared to the main strip.
3	The good:  Rush tower rooms are very nice. They are modern and clean. The casino is on par with any on the strip. Pool area is cool too. What could've been better: room up-charges are a downer: $10 for in room coffee from the Kurig coffee maker, $15 a day for Internet, $20 to use the gym for the day. $7 for a bottle of Figi water. Room needs mini fridge. Summary: I found the rush tower rooms and casino to be very nice, and for those reasons I could see myself coming back.
4	It's a 4 star hotel for a buck.  Rooms are huge and very clean. And the rates they offer are usually outstanding. The shark tank is overrated so don't care about that but the Pokerroom is one of the nicest in Las Vegas with ok tournaments. As always the smoke makes me sick like in all other Las Vegas casinos. Come it's 2013 why is it not banned like in the rest of the Western world?
5	Have visited on many occasions and the experience is always top shelf , great restaurants thruout the property, personal fav of mine can be found at Vic and Anthony's , the world famous Colorado lamb chops
4	Every January me and my friend stay at the Golden Nugget for CES, we pick downtown Vegas because it's away from the busy Las Vegas strip traffic. CES tops 150,000 visitors during this week.  The freeway entrance is very close to this hotel.  The LV Convention Center isn't more than a 15 minute drive on the freeway.The Golden Nugget Hotel in downtown Vegas is small compared to the Las Vegas Strip Hotels. You have less cars and less people, this is the place if you can't deal with that.  I like this hotel because the parking lot (Carson Towers) is closer than any of the strip hotels. The walk from parking lot to room is within 5+ minutes. If you go out (back and forth) a lot than this makes it easy.  I think this is still faster than a valet at a Strip Hotel, which is what I would do if I was on the LV Strip with my family.If you are looking for glitter and glitz don't go here.  This hotel isn't a Red Rock and not the most romantic hotel, but the rooms are actually nice and maintained.  I don't normally see many kids at this hotel walking around. There isn't any arcade or kid friendly things here.  If you have a family I would pick a different hotel. For business or friends trip this hotel is great for that. Also being in downtown is very strategic, meaning easy to get around in a car.  With easy freeway access, we actually can get to hotels like Venetian, MGM, Chinatown pretty quick avoiding congestion. Some Tips: 1) They have a breakfast buffet on the 2nd floor and a restaurant on the first floor.  The breakfast/brunch is pretty good at both places.  Never had dinner here.  2) They have a Keurig Coffee maker, make sure you bring your own K-cups. We always stop at the market for a case of 24 bottles of water for coffee and drinking. 3) They have a beautiful shark aquarium in the middle of their swimming pool. This is a nice place to get a drink and relax, but in January it is cold!  4) Get on their Email mailing list.  During the month there seems to be a coupon deal, like by get 2 meals for 1, drink coupons, etc. I gave it a 4 star for Downtown Las Vegas, but the only place I would stay in downtown Vegas.
4	I like the strip but at times the strip can be exhausting and expensive. I recently won a trip through AM 570 Fox Sports the trip included flight, two nights at the Nugget and $500 hotel credit. Victory!!! So I had never stayed at the Nugget and didn't know what to expect. Our room was in the new Rush tower. Rooms were really nice and done up in a great modern decor, not hard on the eyes at all. I enjoyed my stay so much, from the great service to the little things like peanut M&M's next to all the elevators. Yeah Buddy!!!  My wife and I got to really check everything out and dine at all the restaurants that they had to offer. I felt like I didn't need to leave this place, you have everything you could want here.Seriously if you have never been here or have not been back in a long time check it out. If your looking for one of the best steak houses in Vegas hit up Vic & Anthonyshttp://www.yelp.com/biz/vic-and-anthonys-steakhouse-las-vegas-2#hrid:mGfzD4EfXbbyYx0o3A-d6AWhile I was here I played in a poker tournament and won $250.00 a Ipad Mini and 2 night voucher back at the Nugget. When I come back you can catch me by that pool and going down that water slide through the shark tank and then to a ice cold brew. CHEERS!!!!!
1	On Super Bowl weekend 2013 my husband and I stayed at the Golden Nugget in room 19117. The following day, Saturday, we decided to go check out the Red Rock Hotel.  We left our room at approx. 10:00 am and placed the privacy please sign on the door. We were out of the room until approx. 5:00pm. During that time my jewelry box was stolen. When I contacted the security dept. a gentleman came to our room and took a report in a very small piece of paper that didn't appear to be very official. He did explain that Loss Prevention would be in contact with us in 5-7 days. When we contacted the Loss Prevention Dept. later the following week he informed us that according to their records there had been some activity in our room while we were away. I asked why someone would enter our room when the privacy please sign was hanging on the door. The gentleman I spoke with told me that someone could have removed the sign while passing by and we had no proof that the sign was there. I explained that when my husband and I returned to the room that evening the sign was still on the door. He told me that the person who entered the room had a "stellar" reputation and was a long time employee with no complaints. I guess the question is why did they steal my jewelry regardless of weather the sign was on the door or not, which it definitely was. Why would someone enter my room without cleaning it, changing the towels etc. There was no signs that anyone had entered the room other than to take the jewelry box. Since the value of the jewelry was quite expensive they have failed to take any responsibility for the employee responsible... Hopefully LVPD will take some action and find the guilty employee. What a horrible experience!
4	Pleasant surprise.  The hotel was in great condition.  The rooms were large and very comfortable.  The restaurants in the hotel were great value for the money.  I would not recommend the Gordie Brown show.  We went only because of a grupon it only cost $3.  The show itself had a few funny parts but was dated.
5	What can I say, I am in love with the Golden Nugget.  I have stayed there roughly six or seven times I think, and every single stay has been wonderful.  I've stayed in all the towers, had smoking and non-smoking rooms, smaller rooms and suites.  Here is a bit of a breakdown:Carson Tower Rooms:  Very basic.  About on par with, say, a Holiday Inn, which isn't bad.  Older rooms smell very smoky if you go with the smoking option.  These rooms are farthest away from the casino and closest to the Carson St. Cafe.  The casino isn't a long walk at all, though, unless you are very drunk.Gold Tower Rooms:  Surprisingly nice for the cost.  Nicer decor than Carson rooms.  Nice views available, comfy beds, not as smoky smelling.  Right off the casino floor, very convenient.  Rush Tower:  Rooms are very nice, suites are way nicer.  The Junior Suite, which I stayed in most recently, has a leather sofa, two flat-screen HDTVs, a soaking tub & rainforest shower combo, super comfy bed, good view, etc.  And SOOO reasonably priced compared to the strip.  Really, a fabulous deal.  Oh, and Rush Tower has its own valet and check-in.  All non-smoking rooms.  As a smoker I can deal with that, since you can elevator it down to the lobby, and go 30 feet to the nearest slot machine to smoke.Service: Amazing.  I have never had a bad service experience staying here, ever.  Well, maybe one little thing, the valet was rude to me once.  But you can't have it all!  Most everyone is so friendly and awesome.  They will always give you the highest-up room possible if you ask for it.  On my most recent trip, I was stuck in a tiny stinky dungeon-esque room at the Golden Gate, ended up calling the Nugget at 11PM to request a suite with a soaking tub (I was desperate for some comfort at that point), and they hooked me up immediately at a great rate.  Food:  I have only eaten at Carson St. Cafe, despite the many times I have stayed here.  I'm usually too busy gambling to enjoy a long meal.  But the cafe has pretty darn good food for a little hotel cafe, I must say.  Tasty breakfasts.  Room service food is good too, menu is a bit limited though.  Room service is very prompt and super duper friendly.Casino:  Great, although not my favorite Fremont St. casino.  I am a stickler for super-fun high-tech slot machines with sweet bonus games, and they don't have a lot of those here (excepting the new Michael Jackson slots, which are pretty sweet).Bars: Great service, pricey cocktails.  I especially enjoy the Bar 46, which has a little outdoor seating area with fireplace, where you can sit and people-watch right on Fremont.Pool:  So super nice.  I've never been to the second adults-only pool though.  The pool bar is nice late at night.  All in all, if you are staying on Fremont (and I recommend that you do), the Nugget is really the only way to go.
4	Last minute idea to check into a hotel and play tourist for the night and next day.  Check in was simple enough and the staff was very helpful and provided us with a great room.  The room itself was very clean, with fluffy pillows and all the amenities.  The bathroom seemed a bit small for me but it sufficed, it was only one night mind you.  After that it was downstairs to the casino for some drinks.  One thing I didn't like was the smokiness.  It just seemed as if everyone was smoking everywhere.  I've lived in Vegas for four years now and have worked in strip hotels as well as off strip and it just seemed too smoky for the casino floor.  Drinks were strong and decently priced.  When it came time for room service it was prompt and the food was not bad at all.  My boyfriend had a burger with all the trimmings minus the mayo and I had a delicious chocolate cake.  (Yes, I love pie and cake.)  All in all a great downtown hotel experience and checkout was quick because you could check out via TV.
5	This is what I can tell you about our stay at the Golden Nugget last May. We loved it! Our room was amazing and ended up being what I would except from a Vegas Casino. The shark pool was awesome and very one of a kind we ate at one of their onsite restaurants for breakfast 3 times and the service and food were really good. The valet parking was top notch because the Valet remembered my full name each and every time. "It was my tipping"! lol Anyway I had 0 complaints about this place and would def stay again.
4	This is my favorite hotel on the strip!  The shark tank pool is really relaxing, the hot tub is opened until 2 AM and the rooms are really nice.  They used to have free wi-fi but don't anymore, so that's my only eh comment.  Everything else here is wonderful!
3	Go downtown! You'll love it. That's what I heard from those who proceeded me to Vegas. So I did.Cluttered place but decent selection of gaming, very attentive waitresses and much less pressure than the tables on the Strip. Seemed to be a good place to hang my hat for a bit.Feeling a little like Jack Burton I spent some quality time at the craps table, and had a fairly successful time until the boxman starting yelling at me in a very thick accent (one would gather it Chinese in origin) about a five dollar minimum, which I was clearly well above on that roll.  Becoming a bit flustered by this confusion, I felt what little mojo I had leave the room. And then like Lo Pan flying through that alley, Duke's money disappeared into thin air. I don't blame this gent for my loss, but I just wondered why he couldn't count my chips on the table.As I dragged my sorry ass out of the door onto Fremont Street to the strains of some cover band, all I heard was someone yelling out, "Have ya paid your dues, Duke?".This night, I most certainly felt as if I did...
4	The hotel itself is great - clean and, well, seems like any other decent hotel. The thing that really made me enjoy my stay was the SHARK TANK SLIDE!!!!!! Yup, get on your suits because down at the pool you can ride the water slide that goes through a tank of sharks!Now before you asphyxiate, when you go though the tank you are enclosed in a plexi-glass tube so you will not get bit - barring some unforeseen incident. Sometimes the sharks will freak out swim all over the place when someone rides the slide. However this wont really happen when mobs of people aren't going down the slide all day, you need to lull them into a false sense of security then... BAM! scare the fish crap out of them.Another cool little thing to check out if you're in the neighborhood is the world's largest nugget of gold on display which is in the lobby. As a side note, does anyone else find it ridiculous that it was found only a foot underground?!They also have some really great pizza at the Grotto!
5	Stayed here this past summer and my fiance and I loved it so much!  We stayed in the Carson Tower and it was dirt cheap, less than $50 a night and the room was fantastic so I can only imagine how nice the more expensive ones are.  The pool was the selling point of the hotel for us, it has a water slide that goes through a shark tank!  We had breakfast at their breakfast buffet and it was plentiful and delicious, they had anything and everything you could ever want . After we checked out we were allowed to check our bags behind the counter and still use the pool. Inside the pool area there are lockers  for you valuables which was nice.  I have been to Vegas a few times and even though I am unsure if I will ever go back, if I did I would certainly stay here again.
4	Pleasant surprise.  The hotel was in great condition.  The rooms were large and very comfortable.  The restaurants in the hotel were great value for the money.  I would not recommend the Gordie Brown show.  We went only because of a grupon it only cost $3.  The show itself had a few funny parts but was dated.
4	This is definitely the gem, in terms of hotels, in downtown (Fremont St.).  Extremely clean and nice, with lots of good restaurant and bar options, along with a huge casino/sports book.The pool area is great, too.  There is a giant shark tank in the middle of the pool, as well a slide that goes right through the tank.  The hotel does have multiple towers where they have hotel rooms, so the rooms are different depending on which tower you stay in, although they are all nice rooms.  The Rush tower was recently renovated, so I would definitely look to stay there.  If you stay on the top few floors, there are even delicious snacks right outside of the elevators.When staying off of the main strip, I would definitely stay at Golden Nugget every time.
2	Went back here for a few days, was in G10 penthouse, could not sleep tell 2 am , to loud outside, music blasting, bad room for sleeping,
2	Stayed at the Carson Tower last week.  My elderly friend was mugged by a black woman who entered on the 10th floor.  She was knocked down and her purse was stolen.  Security should have been better!!!  Not even a word of apology from the casino.
5	I LOVE THE GOLDEN NUGGET. Located in downtown Fremont St. this place is where you want to stay!! We have been here twice and both times I was very impressed with the quality of service from the staff and the amenities of the hotel and casino. We arrived about 7 hours too early (can you say excited much!). But we went up to the desk and asked if we could do an early check in. Not only was there no fee to check in early but they upgraded our room for free too because the room we were supposed to have wasn't ready yet!!! WOOT WOOT! The first thing we did was order room service breakfast. Hey at 8am in Vegas you know you want some food in ya before you start all that drinking! The Eggs Benedict was AMAZING!!!! While we didn't swim because it was too cold when we went on our trip, we did walk around and look at the super cool shark tank and awesome lounge areas. Going to be giving that a try next time we go. Neither one of us play on the card tables so I can't really say anything to that. But the staff at the bars with the video pokers are neat and the machines pay out pretty well. We overslept on our second morning there so we missed the maids when they came around. But the second my boyfriend called the front desk to tell them we were on our way out and asked them to come clean. They came right up! Extremely impressed by their prices and guest services. You have to stay here!
4	I enjoyed my stay at the Nugget, from the really nice check in desk to ease of heading right on to Fremont Street. Nice room with lots of room even in their standard size room. Love the pool area with the shark tank in the middle. And they have a lot food options throughout the hotel. I would stay here again if I was going to this part of town again.
3	When ever we make our trips to Las Vegas, we stay down on Fremont Street . . . and . . . The Golden Nugget is our hotel / casino of choice.  This trip however was not one of the better stays.Twice during our 5 day stay, we had to call housekeeping because our maid had left the diry towels on the entrance table . . . not sure why . . . and one day, she even left the tip behind.The tables were overly crowded, even though they were all open . . . with the exception of ones located by the Chart House.  Why those weren't open as well . . . I do not know.The saving grace this trip were the Valets . . . they remember us from our comings and goings . . . and even asked how my back was doing, since they knew I had tweaked it early in our stay.We will be back since everyone has a bad day . . . and the Rush Tower still has the best rooms on Fremont Street.
2	BETTER FOR FAMILIES WITH CHILDREN, THAN FOR ADULTS WHO WANT TO RELAX AND HAVE FUN.This hotel is beautiful and clean with an awesome pool and an okay casino.It should be promoted as THE FAMILY FRIENDLY/KID CRAZY HOTEL.There were so many kids running around this place, that it was upsetting!!!If you are going to Vegas to have a good time with a group of adults/friends/your significant other - I would not recommend this place.At one point, while we were in the HOT TUB, there were 4 adults and 13 KIDS in the hot tub. KIDs IN A HOT TUB? WTF?Screaming, splashing --- not relaxing at all.The buffet is sub par -- compared to what you can find on the strip - or even at other hotels on Fremont St.
1	Only one night in out of four and I'm deciding to check out of the Golden Nugget for one of the most disheartening and disappointing experiences as a customer and guest I've had in a long time.I went up to the Hideout Bar by the pool (the "grown-ups area" separate from the main pool deck).  For those of you who don't know, the lower pool area is open to all guests and is much more family and kid friendly - great for them and I'm glad they're having fun, but I'm 27 and single, and I was looking for a place to relax, enjoy a couple beers and read a book without being trampled by kids.  I asked to rent a $20 lounge chair, they said they were sold out and all they had were $100 "day beds".  I then asked if I could just sit at the bar, as only two out of probably twenty seats were taken.  They told me no because that was hotel policy.  I was pretty shocked - I'm paying a lot of money to stay here and I can't go sit at a nearly empty bar that's open and enjoy the facilities I've paid to have access to?What was even worse was my talk with the manager, Julio.  I asked why the policy was in place so that maybe I'd understand where the hotel was coming from, and he said - and I quote - "I don't want to tell you why we have that policy."  I can tolerate a lot of things, but a hotel that treats a guest that poorly will never have my money again.  I'm packing up and going elsewhere so no more of my vacation time is wasted here.
4	Ive been to Golden Nugget a couple times and have brought friends and family over the years in this casino/hotel since Vegas experience is not complete without the fremont street experience. The reason i like this hotel/casino is because its the best in the downtown area, and much more affordable compare the other hotels in the strip.
5	What happens when you get lousy accommodations at the Fremont Hotel? Well, you leave the room empty, & move into the Golden Nugget of course! :)Lucky for us, we had three complimentary nights at the Rush Towers.........for a downtown hotel, I must say it's quite grand! Kinda reminds me of other hotels I stay at on the strip!Very spacious & clean rooms! Great restaurants, bar, & buffet. There is also a very cool looking pool which has a shark tank/aquarium in the middle of the pool (must see)!  Free parking if you're a guest at the hotel..........just show your hotel card, & you can go in/out of the parking structure.
2	Disappointed with food service at pool. Took 2 hours and food was cold. Also very slow service at The Grotto. Wait staff didn't check back. I think the hotel is seriously understaffed. Also coffee in the room was $10 for 4 k cups!
4	You get what you pay for!MY fam and i stayed here and it was nice for the price. I really enjoyed the pool area. i like the shark tank and the pool on the 2nd floor. The bar and pool upstairs closes at 2am which is what i loved. The food inside the hotel isnt that great which is why i didn't give it 5 stars. Also remember you get what you pay for and by that i mean the crowd. Its was sooooo crowded and loud and roudy with a certain class of people. I would stay here again bc of their pool closes later than other vegas hotels
3	Golden Nugget is the largest Casino/Hotel complex in downtown Las Vegas. It's also a more upscale property. For this year NAB I had a good deal to stay here through Orbitz so I decided to try it. It turned out to be a bit more an adventure than I was expecting. Arriving late Saturday/early Sunday a the airport, it was about 2 am when I came to check-in. The attendant did look up my reservation and seemed a bit embarrassed. She asked me to wait a bit and disappeared in an office for about 10 minutes. She then came back apologizing saying that they were overbooked and had no room available despite my confirmed and prepaid reservation. They proposed me to send me (at their expenses) to the Bellagio (a much more upscale hotel on the strip) for the night, pay me back my night and upgrade me for the remaining nights. The arrangement was good, I think they did well in face of a bad situation. Off course it was annoying to have to go to another hotel that late and then to move hotel again the next day but it was appreciated that they did put me in such a nice hotel for that night.The room that I got for the remaining days is in the "Golden Tower" and is actually quite nice with full amenities. It's comfortable and allows for a good night sleep. The room decor seems a bit dated, not sure if it's on purpose and targets a different audience. The only thing that annoyed me a bit was the heating/cooling unit which is the autonomous kind without a real temperature control.A very good value overall and the best downtown experience I had for sure.
5	I found out about the pool at the Golden Nugget while surfing through travel websites. The Golden Nugget's swimming pool was listed in the top 10 list of the world's greatest swimming pools. The center of the pool featured an enormous aquarium that housed sharks! As if that was not enough, people can slide through the shark tank in a water slide. I knew that if I ever visit Vegas, I had to stay at the Golden Nugget simply for the pool.The pool was definitely fun. I easily spent over 4 hours there swimming, playing on the slide and people watching. You can't exactly swim because the pool is completely infested with children. Some of the sandbar sharks have injuries to their noses from bumping into the sides of their tank.  Poor guys. The shark tank looked spectacular but it is overstocked. We stayed in one of the penthouse apartments on the 18th floor. Internet access costs and additional $12.99. Despite the enormous space, there was no kitchen, no microwave, and no sofa bed.  My buddy and I had to share the same bed. Lame....
4	Just downtown for the day on St Patty's Day and spent some good time in the Golden Nugget casino.Another winner!Love the old-school ambiance and feel.Definitely a "gotta visit" in downtown Vegas!
2	I recently stayed at the Golden Nugget on a Vegas trip, as we were interested in being near Binions, our favourite poker tournament location across the road.First the good... The place, since the renovation is beautiful. The blown glass everywhere is stunning, and the shark tank pool is really quite something. Sitting outside at night under the stars with a free-pour (but pricey) drink from the pool area bar is really relaxing. The beds in the rooms are comfortable.Don't bother purchasing Wifi (at $18 a day) - go down the road to Denny's where it's free all the time.Now, the bad. The rooms were absolutely nothing special. Bring your own Keurig cups as they want $10 for FOUR Keurig cups if you open the box... I'm serious! $10! You have to pay $20 a night to get a fridge in your room, the "view" room was of a parking lot (not that there's much to see that high up on Freemont Street, anyhow. The service is TERRIBLE in all the restaurants and bars in the place.For example... my husband and I received a coupon book when we checked in for our 5 day stay, and in the book was a couple of drink coupons for a bar in the hotel/casino. We sat no less than 40 minutes waiting (AT the bar...) with the coupons (AND tip up front...) while the bartenders whizzed by us, despite us requesting politely to be served each time they went by. The service was no better in any other part of the casino bars and restaurants.The other primary complaint? The timeshare people camped out posing as hotel staff at your elevator entrance to the hotel... You can't get away from them, and had to pass through a gauntlet of hounding every time you got off the elevators! It's harrassment, and annoying as hell.Finally, a tip: If you get a coupon (should you stay here) for the buffet, know that it's only good for Mon-Thursday. The breakfast buffet on weekdays is relatively inexpensive, and the quality of food is good for the price. Do check it out (upstairs on the third floor).
4	Best choice for downtown and a great place to stay. only there for a night and our first night off the strip. felt family friendly. we didn't gamble but felt welcome and easy access to downtown vegas stuff. good time had by our party range of 8 to 42 year olds..
3	I recently stayed at the Golden Nugget on a trip to Vegas with a friend. The Shark Tank pool is rather impressive as is the lobby decor. There was some renovating going on there, so I'm curious to go back and see the finished product. The room itself was ok. Nothing too spectacular, but I guess if you're going to Vegas all you need is a place to lay your head! The water temperature and pressure in the shower were awful. I don't know if that was just my room or if it's like that in each one. The nice thing about the Nug, as I've taken to calling it, is it's proximity to the Freemont Experience. It's literally right outside the front door. That made for some good people watching in the evenings. The Deuce bus also stops close by, so it's relatively easy to access the Strip.The next time I go to Vegas, I either want to stay on the Strip or at a resort nearby.
3	Convienent location on fremont.  Very nice decor since the Reno. The rooms are nothing special and not changed in the Reno and have been the same for the last 10 years. Un fortunately never had a good meal in any of the restaurants and the buffet is the worst especially for the price. Pool is very nice!
3	Stayed two nights in the "new" gold club tower, we upgraded to the gold club room. definitely not worth the upgrade. The pleather couch was very uncomfortable to sit on after a few minutes. Bed was nice though extra firm, pillows were horrible. Most of the employees we encountered, other than the cashiers, were surly or at least not friendly. We are going to stay on the strip next time.
2	On our way (lost) to the "all you can eat/drink breakfast buffet with complimentary memosas" and stopped at a bar downstairs to ask directions.....thinking we were a long way from the breakfast bar.  The dink of a bartender sells my wife an $18 memosa, and then says "your breakfast spot is right up the stairs".  He was rude, more times than once.  I think it's called the ice bar....pool level.  Stay away.  Scam.
3	Ok this is two separate reviews, Hotel then Casino. Carson Tower, average.  Bed very good and comfortable, bathroom had some chipped rust in the tub around the drain, clock radio broken, TV very good, no fridge but available for rent, Did have a flood in the bathroom, Housekeeping and Engineering very good response, room very clean.Casino if you are playing slots it's very difficult to get a cocktail, excellent assortment of slots, very large casino floor, cleanest bathrooms of any casino I have ever been in. Would have bumped the rating up if cocktail service had been adequate.Pool area is excellent, nice cocktail service, get there early for a good seat in the sun.Did not eat at any of the restaurants so can't rate any of them.Bottom line, will return.
4	This is the best hotel downtown.  The room I had on the 16th Floor of the Gold Tower was outstanding and had free wi-fi.  Housekeeping and the buffet were also excellent.  Casino is average.  Didn't care for entertainer Gordie Brown but the 55+ crowd seemed to enjoy the show.  Parking would be the only negative.  Overall 4 stars and would stay here again.
1	Negative 0 stars !!!( I had to rate the place but they dont deserve a single star!!) two words BED BUGS!!! I stayed at the rush towers and came home with bites all over my arms and bacck and one of the stupid critters made it to my toilettries bag. I am so disgusted with this place. My arms and back are an itchy mess. Room is under investigation, howevver I was not guaranteed even a refund for this horrific inconvenience.
4	This is the first time we stayed @ the Nugget previous night we were at the The Plaza big difference, this place was more alive.. glad I didn't have to pay the resort fee, wasnt able to get a coupon book because I used my AAA 10% discount.. wish I had a choice to see which would of been more beneficial to us.. we had a great time in this place alot to do but only had one day, so until next time...
4	Dang mang! I am really impressed with the Golden Nugget. I had no idea things like shark tanks and waterslides through shark tanks and poolside blackjack existed in downtown Vegas. Boy, am I glad I found it out.For Sir Nicholas' recent birthday I took him on a surprise trip to Vegas. He mentioned the last time we talked about Vegas that he has always wanted to stay in downtown. Our friends Mike and Hazel always mentioned that they stayed in the Golden Nugget. After looking online and discovering that the NICEST rooms were still under $200 a night it was a done deal.Check in and out was easy peasy. If you stay in the Gold Tower, where we stayed, on the club level floors you have complimentary Wi-Fi, water, coffee, and snacks. The snacks are in the hallway by the elevator, but they are things like apples, nuts, and M&Ms. The pool is nice, with poolside gambling as I mentioned earlier and the ability to rent out cabanas if you want your own private space. The location is also good for downtown, whether you want to stay around the casinos or venture out and discover a little more of the local scene in terms of bars, restaurants, or even arts stuff.I'd definitely stay here again - for the price and location, at least of the Gold Tower, it's easily worth it!
2	My Dad won a slot jackpot here twenty years ago so this place has a lot of nostalgic value for us.. We booked six rooms for my siblings, nephews, etc., to the tune of about $1400.00. When you book you think you're getting a four star hotel, then guess what? When you get there the fee you paid was for the old, Carson Tower.. (our room has crumbling popcorn ceilings (asbestos? I hope not) and without even a desk or fridge.. Decidedly two star. ) If you want the better four-star room, you have to pay an additional $19/ night. The old Bait and Switch.. very frustrating.. Good beds, though!In our bathroom alone, the sink was cracked almost in half, the door levers are tarnished, toilet old and broken (a real chug-a-lug) and towels stained brown and threadbare. Unbelievable. When I called Roxanne, she was sorry about the sink but staunchly defended the hotel's four-star rating, saying three times it was rated by AAA, etc.. I guess a customer in a room's opinion doesn't matter.Housekeeping: 5 pm and when we got back to our room. no housekeeping service had been done, wet towels were still on floor.. I called Sharon in housekeeping and she had no reason for this and said she thought we had checked out. No, we're here two more days!! Then early one morning they're pounding at out door at the strike of 9 am. Isn't this a casino hotel where guests sleep in? Then they left no coffee cups.. The Keurig coffee cartridges cost $2.50 each (39 cents at Costco) so bring your own.POOL: In the morning my friend and I wanted to sit at the pool and have a drink before exploring.. At 9:25 a.m. there was only about 30 people at the pool, but guess what? People have reserved for themselves every single chaise lounge (Approx. 200 or so of them)  by putting a book, hat, or towel from their room on them.. What about the morning guests? I found out later that they do this so they can try to sell day beds by the upper pool for $200 each. (You can stay three nights at the hotel for that amount!) Well it's a busy Sunday and they've only rented one (out of about twelve!) leaving lots of these huge beds wide open, while just one level below, dozens of people stand around chaise-less.. It's very sad, indeed..At 5 pm they let everyone and anyone into the pool area.. four gang members (and a baby) entered, who said they were from NW Vegas and took the four chaises next to us.. pants sagging low, throwing gang signs, we got a little nervous and left..WIFI:  the wifi in your room costs $12.99 per room/ per day/ PER DEVICE!! I am a normal, connected person with an iphone, ipad, macbook.. Those three devices (and my roommate's two) would have cost us $64.95 a day just for wifi! Does this seem fair?? (Roxanne the manager did help me out a bit on this issue, thanks so much!)In the parking garage, the closest, premium parking spots are all empty and reserved for the managers, directors, etc.. making the paying customers park up a few levels. This is so they don't  have to use the garage elevators, one broken, the other slow and on it's last leg..We waited six minutes for the elevator (there's only six levels!!) It's not even check out time..BUFFET: The entrees, although salty, are actually quite tasty. But the desserts, which look great, are awful. The apple cobbler is way too sweet and like wallpaper paste. Everyone at my table was spitting out their desserts, not a pretty picture. If you have a larger group, there is a forced 18% gratuity that you have to pay in advance. I like to tip from my heart at the end of the meal.. those buffet workers really deserve it, though!FOOD: The Carson St. Cafe is decent, good breakfast.. great bread! My over-medium eggs had the white still raw, but the nice waiter replaced them along with some really nice fruit. Avoid the Asian Cuisine restaurant, my cashew chicken was something like $16.95 and was bland, tasted straight out of the Chun King can..There are many nice employees here, but I was disappointed with our stay..
4	Staying at the Golden Nugget was my first time venturing away from the strip. From the get go I was impressed with Fremont Street and the Nugget itself. When you walk into the lobby you can already appreciate the shark tank and the pool with the slide through the tank, plus the 1960's "Casino" vibe to the hotel. I felt like I needed a Virginia Slims between my fingers and a Farrah "do" to boot. We stayed in the Golden Tower. The rooms are not too different from other standard rooms on the strip. The location of the hotel is ideal if you want to be right smack in the middle of the Fremont Experience. Check out Groupon every so often as it might have deals on stays at the Golden Nugget.
5	We stayed in the Rush Tower, Jr. Corner Suite, this past weekend for our anniversary. This is the 2nd time we stayed in one of these suites. The room itself is very comfortable, large, well appointed, and quiet. I cannot express how much of a surprise this was the first time we stayed there and we are definitely sold. Check in was a snap, Saturday at 12pm we walked in and there was one person being helped at the desk. Another employee came out from a VIP desk and ushered us in and checked us in within 2 minutes. We were given VIP line passes to venues on the property and we were in our room within 5 minutes. The location is convenient to the Fremont Stree Experience and adjacent casinos. The food in the Grotto and Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse is excellent.Have fun.
5	Dad, Brother and I Annual Vegas Trip - 12-15 May 2013 - People of the world "LISTEN" there isn't too many places left on earth like this anymore...where else can you carry open containers of beer or get tasty frozen drinks in souvenir cups while walking from one casino to another, while listening to fantastic "cover bands" and getting your picture taken with celebrity impersonators?  Where else can you play $5 Blackjack or $5 Craps? Where else can you get a ice cold beer and a juicy burger for $5?  I said all of this and I haven't even mentioned one of the best casino's in Nevada...the gem of Freemont St "The Nug".  If you also want to sleep where the real action is then spend a few nights here, you won't regret it and your wallet will thank you as well.  If you want to continue paying $300 a night on "The Strip" go right ahead, but for 1/5 of that price you can get a clean room, comfortable bed, great pool, great table games, and one of the most comfortable Sports Books in town, in other words save that extra money your blowing on a bed you barely sleep in and use that hard earned money toward more gambling, food, and entertainment...come to The Nug and while you're at it enjoy Freemont St...if you don't I will.  Enjoy!  PS this place isn't for kids...this is Adult World...I witnessed far to many parents pushing around babies and walking with little kids at 2am...please leave the kids with Grandma or save your money for Disney...your time for Vegas will come soon enough...2 cents.
4	Staff is not courteous and unprofessional.The rooms are nice. The Gold tower suite has dim lighting if you're looking for a romantic stay for that special someone. :)The new rush tower is also very nice with a large bathroom and tasteful furniture.
1	The pool was foul.  Yes, there is a water slide and a shark tank... but you have to swim through the disgusting, murky water to check out either of them.  There is an adult only pool which should be called the kiddie pool because it's small... but you have to pay to rent a lounge chair just enter that area.  Did i mention there were cigarette butts floating in it?  The bed in our suite gave us neck cramps and the sheets/pillows smelled like mold.  Never again!
2	Danielle checked me in. I paid $25 for VIP check-in and was unaware that there was a separate area for VIPs to check in. I had to ask her what "VIP" entailed in order to be directed to the VIP Lounge area. Isn't that listed in my reservation Danielle...why did I have to tell YOU about it? (If I hadn't have asked I would not have been issued a VIP card nor informed about the free drinks and snacks that I am entitled to during my stay...thanks Danielle!) I later went downstairs to ask the Front Desk about the public transportation bus to get to the strip and another female working on Thursday around 12 noon in the VIP Lounge said she has no idea of what bus to take there....ARE YOU KIDDING ME!??!!? This must be a question that people ask on a regular basis so the fact that she knew NOTHING about the "Deuce Bus" was absolutely ridiculous! I went outside to ask the Bellman and he was able to tell me the name, Deuce, and where the closest bus stop was. It's really unfortunate to have FRONT DESK women who look good in their uniforms but have the intelligence of a 1 year old. I'm not impressed at all. These women look as though they were hired for their looks rather than their knowledge of the area...I mean, I wasn't asking for much and they weren't able to deliver anything. I'm here for 3 more days so I will write a follow up. I'm hoping things get better.
4	Very comfortable beds for a hotel.  It would have been nice if the room safe work.  My friend swears the maid stole his mini alcohol bottles but I think it's more likely he drank or lost them.  The pool area was nice but far too many kids in the pool.  Not sure why the parents brought them.  Vegas is no place for kids.  The slide is a nice novelty but you really go down too fast to enjoy a view of the sharks.  Would definitely stay here again.  I enjoyed the Fremont experience but again this place is no place for kids and I probably wouldn't bring my wife here either.  Great place for the guys to party though.  On a final note I do not appreciate the fact that they charge you to use the internet.  Would have been nice to print my Southwest Airline tickets for free.
3	I chose the Nugget over all the other Fremont Street casinos because of the water slide. Sliding through the shark tank was on my bucket list! It was definitely worth paying a few dollars extra to stay at the Nugget to experience one of the best water slides ever! The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The coffee pot had a sign on it saying it was an additional $10 to use. Ridiculous. Then I went and got a $3 small black cup of coffee at the Starbucks in the Golden Nugget.  Still ridiculous. The gambling minimums start at $10/hand, where as all of the other casinos within walking distance start at $5. We didn't eat here during our stay because none of the restaurants looked appetizing. One restaurant was always full of people with empty tables. Every time we walked past, we noted how no one was ever eating, just waiting.Now that my water slide experience is over, I'm not sure if I would ever stay at the Golden Nugget again.  It was good, but I can pay less to stay at ever other hotel on Fremont Street.
4	first time staying here.  got a Gold Rush Room with two queens.  it's quite amazing for the $$ ($149 for one night).  room is contemporary and spacious.  bathroom HUGE and only missing a soaking tub.  bed is perfect and pillows AMAZING.  Gold Rush Rooms come with free snacks and water in the elevator lobby...pretty handy for a hot day!  the casino floor itself is oddly shaped to say the least, not very welcoming.  good selection of slots though...new and old.  very busy for a weekday.  i never stay downtown (ugh), but staying here is worth it.  i don't mean to be snotty about downtown, but it's not for everyone and it's just not for me.  a guy even freaking TOUCHED me today trying to get me to stop and buy something he was selling along Fremont Street.  WTF is with the people down here i'll never know.
5	This was my second trip to Vegas and it was for Punk Rock Bowling. I'd say that skews the experience somewhat, but I get the impression that a bunch of punk rockers with awesome hair and tattoos sitting by poolside isn't *too* unusual for a place like this. One thing about punk rockers however, they're notorious for being exactly what they are. You'd think this would give the staff headaches. If it did, they didn't show it.I stayed in the Rush Tower, which was nice enough. Nothing extravagant, and nothing unbelievable. But a nice touch-you can walk in and out of the building, go to the in-casino starbucks, diner, guest services and the pool without having to pass through the casino. That's a big plus to me. And the pool-let's talk about that. Like most hotel pools, it's not very deep, but what it lacks in depth it makes up for in a giant shark filled aquarium...WITH A WATER SLIDE. And not just a water slide, but a transparent water slide that passes through said aquarium. It sounds better than it is since you don't have time to even notice the aquarium you're passing through, but still...it's an awesome touch.
5	I stayed here 2 years ago for Punk Rock Bowling. What an awesome place!I swear for a moment you actually forget you're on Fremont because it looks too nice! Rooms are spacious and beds are comfortable. Starbucks inside and a small store you can buy cigarettes/beer/medicine etc. The pool is my favorite, and for sure a must. The staff was helpful and friendly. This is my number once choice each year for PRB.
2	Love the Laughlin location so we decided to stay here this trip to Vegas, beautiful remodel of pool and casino area with the added benefit of being on Fremont st. The front desk staff were inept, checked in with credit card for room and incidentals, we are members of Landry's select club which should have given us a free upgrade but sorry we are full in those towers but can upgrade for $30 a night additional, really? you were full a second ago? Get to our room where the water didn't work, AC had issues, TV and Ice machine didn't work. Great start! NOT! finally get everything fixed and go to watch a movie and the says call front desk, they say my card was declined? I doubt that but go down and give them another card and pay my room charge in cash, check my CC account when I get back to the room and they have authorized $300+ in 2 cards? I call and they say they will credit one and keep the other for incidentals, fine. Couldn't sign for anything the rest of the stay and got tired of fighting with the idiots at the front desk. Most casino, pool, and restaurant staff were good with the exception of the bitchy waitress at the Cafe, food was horrible but better than the help who received a 50 cent tip. Buffet was overpriced and mediocre but Charthouse was exceptional! went twice! Need to get their shit together big time.,
4	My first trip to Vegas and we did it up Old School at the Nugget. We got great rates online and upgraded to the new Rush Tower. Super nice!! Living room area with leather sectional.. two flat screens... great views on both sides. Our friends stayed in the older part but that was nice too. I loved just walking out of the casino onto Fremont Street and into other casinos. All the funkiness of downtown rocks. The "shark tank" pool was really cool and lots of seating. Lots of bars and restaurants too. We had a really good fish and chip dinner at the Carson St. Grill. We ventured all around Vegas but always ended up back at the Nugget... friendly waitresses and strong ass drinks! The Strip? Pfffft. They can keep it.
2	The reason it barely gets 2 stars is because they are very stupid to let people smoke at the pool, all around the pool and in the hot tub. There are children all over and everyone is smoking very rude smokers its sad that they don't care about children inhaling second hand smoke. Smokers need to go back to the casino or your smoking room and enjoy your cancer there. Room was ok. Ryan at check-in needs a new job out of the public eye. Will not return to this hotel.
4	This was our first time staying at the Nugget (June 2013), though we are no stranger to downtown Vegas hotels (RIP Binions...). The rate through Hotels.com was very attractive for an early June weekend, so we jumped on it. Overall it was just fine, superbly located for hanging around downtown, hitting the East Fremont hipsterville, and for shooting down to hot Strip hotels via the Industrial\Frank Sinatra\Dean Martin\Harmon shortcuts that avoid all traffic, even on a Saturday night. The hotel was clean, the room (in the older but cheaper and much quieter Carson Tower) was just fine (old school furnishings but in good shape), the access to the parking structure from the Carson Tower elevators was quick and easy, they had no problem with us bringing in a big cooler, the staff was helpful and friendly, and the atmosphere was laid back and a nice break from Fremont, which can look like a downscale Wal-Mart with slot machines at times. I'll definitely consider the Nugget for our next Vegas getawayTo be honest, we didn't gamble much here, given that other places within a short stroll have lower minimums (El Cortez), better rules (Golden Gate for craps, El Cortez for BJ and looser slots), faster free drinks (Mermaids), and more lively action (The D, Golden Gate). Still, it was nice to have a quiet drink in one of the Nugget's "less smoke" bars and mindlessly play a little video poker now and then.I would caution you about the pool, however. Even though the Nugget touts its pool as the gem of downtown, the lounge area is way too small for the number of people who use it, even on a Friday or Monday. Lounges fill up even before the pool opens, primarily by people who dump their towels and books to "reserve" a spot for the whole day, even if they've gone elsewhere. There are a lot of kids running around due to the Shark Tank slide, kids I never saw in the hotel at other times so I suspect that they are non-guests, and it's a noisy experience. Alas, bringing outside booze and food are strictly forbidden. A quieter and smaller "adult" pool is available, but you have to pay $20 to get one of the lounges (very lame). Both pools are often in the shadow of the Rush Tower, and the lower one gets stuffy because it sits in a hole surrounded by four buildings. I live in the SoCal desert and have my own pool so I didn't need to spend much time at the Nugget's, but when I lived in L.A. and used to come to Vegas primarily for the pleasure of laying out by the water, having a beer, and getting a tan and a nap to recharge before going crazy at night, I would have not enjoyed the Nugget as a pool destination. Even The D's small, spare pool might be a better choice if you want to avoid screaming kids and lounges packed in so close together you can't move them an inch (even if nobody is sitting next to you).Another problem is weekend parking. The structure is small and barely big enough to handle the guests during the week. Come the weekend though, it fills up quickly with both guests and visitors, so you can return from the Strip on a Friday night to find that there is no place for you to park. Not good. They close off the structure to non-guests in the early evening but that's too late. Be prepared to have to leave your car with the valet or park on a dark street down the block; if you do, go give the manager a piece of your mind. I did. Finally, the Golden Nugget, like many Vegas hotels these days, has gotten smart and ditched the mandatory resort fees that have caused so much negative blowback from travelers, but at the same time has maintained their income streams by charging for Internet access.  It's a ridiculous $13 per 24 hours, which is bad enough, but the charge is also **per device**.  If you are the kind of couple who can't live another minute unless both of your iPads are on the network (thankfully we aren't), plan on dropping $26 a day, which is half of what we paid for the room on a Thursday night. But other than those three things, it was fine!Nick in Palm Springs
4	We stayed at the Rush Tower Jr Corner Suite this past Sunday and it was sexy and pretty! Loved the room soooooo much!! The shark tank was fun! The pool was a but cloudy and kinda grossed me out because of that but there were tons of kids and adults in it all day so it makes sense i guess. But then again there was also tons of ppl in the Mandalay Bay pools but it was crystal clear. Thats the only reason I didnt give five stars. The service was great!
5	I went to Las Vegas last August for my 21st birthday and we stayed at the GN. We arrived by the bus from the airport which costs $15 ($7.50 from the airport and $7.50 to the airport when we left, great deal). When we got there we were roaming around the Starbucks area like idiots trying to find the check in desk. It turns out we came in a side entrance and had we come in the right way it would have been right as you walk in. There was a short line ( less than 5 min. wait). We checked in and we mentioned that it was my 21st b-day. He said that he could upgrade us to the Parlor Suite for only $20 per night more + a free rollaway bed (usually $20 per night). We didn't know what to expect as far as what the room would look like. We headed up to the room and we open the door. THE ROOM WAS HUGE! On the left side is a king size and a bathroom with a bathtub and on the right is a living room, wet bar, and another bathroom with a shower. (There is a charge for coffee, wifi, etc. But the hotel does that to keep their rates low, thus making it cheaper if you don't want wifi, coffee and a little more expensive if you do. SMART! Charge the people that use it and don't pass the cost onto everyone. If you want some coffee bring some of the Keurig coffee things and you can use them)The only problem with the room was the AC wasn't working. We called the front desk and they told us they would send someone up. In no time we had our new AC unit functioning properly. We ate at the Grille, which heightened my excitement because it's inside the casino. (The Grille: Good food, but kind of pricey)We then walked out onto Fremont street and checked out the casinos around us: Binion's, Fremont, Four Queens, etc. All are very close.  It was after this walking around that my mom and I decided to get our player's cards. We signed up and received $5 in free slot play apiece (You could win up to $1000, if you win on their promo slot machine at the players club desk)We played on some penny machines to make our money last, but we ran out of that $5 pretty fast. Afterwards we when back upstairs to our room where my dad and sister were watching the olympics on TV (the big flat screen TV, pretty nice)The one thing about downtown is you can get really good food deals if you look. The downside to the GN is they really don't have overly cheap food (good but not cheap). That being said we ate out at Tony Romas that night between 9-11pm in the Fremont. This is because they have steak and lobster for $11.99, a must in Vegas.After that we went back to the GN and started our gambling for real. We played on the Blazing 7's slot machines. We didn't win much but the old ladies on our far left hit the jackpot 3 times within 20 minutes.The next day we decided to check out the free craps lesson. This was very informative and it helped us understand the game, plus the craps dealers were very nice and funny. They opened up the table to play and unfortunately I left my cash upstairs, but watched the game for a while. My dad was up ~$100 in 30 minutes or so with only $5 pass bet w/ odds. Later that day I decided to try blackjack. This was towards the evening and when I sat down it was a $5 game, but they changed it to $10. I only started with $100 and lost almost all of it within 10 minutes, not cool.Around 11pm my dad and I played craps and 4 hours later he was up $200 and I was up a whopping $6. Fast forward 2 more days and it is time to check out (11am). I had been playing craps was was up to $176. Sadly I had to cash out because we had to talk to a slot host about comps. To add to that my mom and sister were waiting for our bus. The slot host was slow and we never got our comps, but made it to the bus in time. (LESSON LEARNED: talk to the slot host the night before you leave.)Okay, this review is too dang long. So in summary:Customer Service: 7/10Food: 7/10 (rating would be higher if it was cheaper)Room: 10/10Casino: 9/10Pool 8/10Value: 10/10*DISCLAIMER: I have read some really bad reviews about the rooms for the GN. If you stay in the cheapest rooms, expect this. BUT book in the Rush Tower and I guarantee you will be 100 times happier.
3	old skool charmfantastic pool area with a shark tank connected to itwe just went for dinner here and walked aroundbuffet is $23 for dinner...didnt think it was enuff value for the buck but, the food was very goodstaff were attentive and friendly
4	This hotel was much better than I expected. We got a really low rate so I was very sketical but it all turned out good. The room was very nice and the hotel, restaurants and casino were all better than I expected.It's right on Fremont Street so it's in a very good location.Don't hesitate to stay here.
5	Stay off the strip and stay here!  Unlike the strip, you'll never have to get in your car or take a taxi.  With Fremont Street at the corner, an interesting evening is only a few steps away.
4	This is a fabulous stop when checking out Downtown LV. $5 blackjack, brilliant lights and a perfect place to people watch. I'm so happy it's been preserved, it's a wonderful piece of Las Vegas history that we should absolutely treasure.
2	Booked, on Kayak, got a killer rate- should have known.  The positives:- the pool, if you reserve space because it is slammed.- Rooms in the Carson Tower were clean, minus the odor. (more on that later.)The Negatives:- The elevators in the Carson Tower for floors 9-20+ were not all operational. This meant there were lines to go up in the elevators, as well as loooooong waits to ride down to the casino floor. - The odor in the room was funky. We couldn't figure it out until we smelled the towels and sheets. Whatever detergent the hotel uses leaves behind a weird odor. It is a combination of musty and old laundry smell. Not pleasant. - it took 45 minutes for a bellman to appear at the desk to retrieve luggage for our party and another person. We were told that somebody was on there way 5 different times. I walked to the front desk after 40 minutes and was apologized to, but also received that giggly, nervous shoulder shrug that drives me crazy. The bellman arrived to the desk 5 minutes later and have us the short-staffed excuse. When we dropped the bags off that morning, there were three employees there. - Coffee maker in the room, yay! A $10 charge if you decided to open their little box and use the 2 k-cups to make the coffee. Will I stay at the Nugget again? Probably not. Especially because of that funky towel smell- I can't get it out of my hair.
3	We came here to eat at the seafood restaurant and that was amazing. I would love to eat there again.The Golden Nugget though, at night, is pretty scuzzy. It's open to Fremont Street and there were many a homeless person just shuffling through with their bags and their odors. It is also narrow to walk through the casino so you are physically close to dirty strangers. Even after the remodel it's still gross.
1	Wow!  After years of down economy, the Golden Nugget has decided to start a $5 fee for it's guests to help pay it's share of the Fremont Street Experience show.Citing what many of the Strip properties get away with, they justify the fee to it's guests.  Without any question, the GN is the nicest property Downtown, and thus the issue.It's Downtown guys, not the strip....The Fremont Expereince has probably saved many of the properties by getting people to come take in the free show.  What percentage of those guests park, see the show and then immediately leave?  Probably not too many.  Most will drink, shop, oh and maybe gamble while there, dontcha think?Let me give you my two cents:You feel you need to be the first to put in a fee?  Think the others will follow?  Do yourself a favor if you are not bringing in enough revenue, just build it into your room rates, not as an additional fee.  Which will be better received?  Hellllloooo?  Duh.Start with the fee?  You just lost a fan and a guest, out of principle I will never stay, shop, eat or gamble in your house.  Why bother?  Lots of other casinos in the area that are less stuffy, a little more roomy,  and are more affordable in the drinks area.  Whoever thought of this one should be canned.  Be smarter.
1	Took my wife and parents here in Early May and it was awful this time. I was shocked.  Smelly crab legs, and overall quality had gone downhill. I'd rather pay 10-20 more on a meal and leave happy and satisfied than save a little cash. Too bad as I really liked this place the year before.
4	The Rush Tower is gorgeous! Parking is right across the street. I used to be a snob only staying on the strip but my last Vegas vacation we stayed on Fremont Street and had a blast. It's so cool to be able to walk out of the hotel and wander around the other casinos. And I'll take the Fremont local street characters over the annoying flyer and cd pushing guys on the strip. Tip- if you don't want to hear the Fremont music all day and night ask for a high floor facing away from Fremont.
4	Once in  a while I'll stay here as well when I'm in Downtown LV. This one is the high class of all the hotels in Downtown LV. Very dress to impress type casino kinda like a strip casino hotel. Lots to see here they recently expanded the place so now there's a sushi place and additional Starbucks so now there are two Starbucks in this Casino/Hotel. If you want the more higher class feel in Downtown LV this is the place to go.
4	This was the perfect place on the Fremont! The rooms were nice and spacious and very clean. Loved the pool/lounge area that featured a great shark tank. Great price and great value. Will stay here again
2	I'm not sure what planet these people are on Mr. CEO/ Garage Parking guy but look around because you are NOT Encore, Wynn, Cosmo or any of these big dawgs so don't give me lip when I drag myself out of my house to come meet up some friends and give you the honor of setting foot in this old piece of property. I arrive to this place, confused trying to figure out where to park. I don't ever come here so yes-I was confused. I was meeting some friends that had a party on the South Tower Suite and when I pulled in the garage parking I was approached by the senior citizen officer with a fake badge who said the following to me: Officer: "Ma'am are you a guest here, if so, I need your room key" (with attitude)Me: "No. My friend has a suite here and....(cut off by officer before I can finish)Officer: "ok-no key, no entry. You can leave now. Back up and go. You cant park here"(starts signaling cars behind me to back up so I can get out of the line as he curses away)As I'm trying to get a word in, he is shooshing me away and not making eye contact with me. He then proceeds to the car behind me and does the same thing. I asked him where the guest parking was for Golden and he said he didn't know but not there! Holy cow! this old man was on one!! Ended up parking several blocks away and did a 15 minute walk to the casino in heels. NO BIGGIE! :-/Luckily, I am not one who will let Mr. Wilson (Dennis The Menace) ruin my night, but you better be sure this will go on Yelp!
3	The Rush tower room was great.  Liked the place a lot but I had a few concerns, many centered around the pool.  I wrote them a nice letter extolling their virtues and expressing my apprehensions.  I received no response.  Very sad.
5	I enjoyed my stay here more than the other hotels down LV way.  I loved the shark tank and watching the scuba divers clean the coral at the CH bar at the west lobby area!!  the pool was just right and the slide going through the tank was awsome!!  we upgraded to the Rush Towers and the room was very comfy, the only thing I wouldnt do is drink the water or use their coffee provided in the room.. its costly..Freemont is just outside of entrances to GN and enjoyed many of the talents provided. like other events that have large crowds of people be careful and dont look up that much during the light show..good rates, do recommend a stay here!!
1	Rude staff including some managers. The buffet restaurant is really nasty. Will not stay at this ever again.
5	I had my doubts about the Golden Nugget (GN) particularly after some of their cafes were caught with bug infestations. However, Yelpers steered me toward making reservations for GN's new Gold Rush rooms and I was not at all disappointed! From the moment we stepped foot onto the 24th floor (using keycards only given to those staying in Gold Rush rooms), I felt at home. In the elevator foyer, there are snacks waiting for you -- peanut m&ms, nuts, raisins, apples, and bottled water, a luxury in the desert. In the AM, there are fruit, nuts and plenty of bottled water. The rooms were simply put, amazing. You could tell that a lot of thought went into the design. The bathrooms featured double sinks, a shower with a double shower head and partially opened designed, separate toilet room, and gorgeous sliding doors. There were complimentary robes in the closet as well as the standard complimentary items -- iron, board, toiletries (found in the bathroom). Also, complimentary wi-fi that worked well. Our room featured a king size bed that was a dream to sleep on. The sheets were crisp and white and nicely tucked. The room came with a view of the strip that was stunning at night -- it really felt like we were on top of the Vegas world!Spa access is included with the Gold Rush rooms. The spa area is older but clean for the most part and attended by courteous staff. Didn't get to gamble but did try a couple of the restaurants. Highly recommend getting lunch (it's cheaper!) at Chart House, which features a larger than life fish tank. If you're lucky, you'll get to see the divers cleaning out the tank. The buffet is a MUST. Go for breakast, brunch, lunch, dinner whatever. An absolute steal for the delicious food they serve. All in all, I felt at home here and consider it the absolute best place to stay for the price in Vegas.
2	The pool is neat, not as awesome as I had been hoping/expecting considering all the hype.  The rooms were nicer than I expected with plush robes hanging in the closet!  If not for the terrible stench of cigarette smoke that permeated the entire hotel and casino I would have rated a star or 2 higher.  We were pretty high up in the hotel and it didn't matter, smoke rules this place.  I don't like when I unpack my bags at home and everything stinks like cigs.  Also, the front desk person that checked us in was extremely rude and unfriendly.  Maybe your jobs sucks, or you have crap going on at home, or maybe the last customer was a tool.  Guess what, I just arrived for my first day of vacation and you are supposed to greet your customers with a smile.  That's the way customer service jobs work, if you don't like it, quit.  I'm sure in this economy another job will just fall on your lap...
3	The only reason i gave it 3 stars because of their amazing buffet, but the hotel operator caused me such a huge inconvenience!!!! i called before arriving there, and drove from the Hilton garden inn south of the strip. I was quoted some prices incorrectly over the phone and when I tried speaking to one of the managers there named " James" he was very unsympathetic to my situation when i explained that i had drove a group of 10 over to the hotel to enjoy their buffet and was slammed with a huge price difference upon arrival. the operator had quoted me $12 per person and when I arrived I had no choice but to pay $22 per person in my group! Yes I could of left but i was already at the cashier desk, and had everyone there with me hungry!
5	I had a really great time here last week. We all came down from Vancouver for my buddy's bachelor party, and when we got to the hotel, they told us they had over-booked and we didn't have our rooms (which we had booked way in advance). They tried to offer us two other rooms, each with a single king-sized bed, but we're 7 guys and that wasn't going to work. So instead, they gave us a free upgrade to the penthouse suite!It was like having our own luxury apartment in downtown Las Vegas. The suite had two bedrooms, two living rooms, and 6 bathrooms. It was like being a celebrity for a weekend.The casino itself is great, very professional, but plenty of low-stakes tables and games for beginners. I don't really gamble, but there was a lot to see and do anyway. Also, if you are gambling, they bring you free drinks, so when I did try my luck at the tables, I tried to time it so that I would get a new drink for every $5 that I lost (this worked out pretty well).The pool and the deck are pretty good, but be aware that there is no shade and it gets to about 100F by noon. Also, all of the deck chairs are taken or reserved by at least 10am so I'd advise getting there early. We ended up sitting in the VIP area (you need to spend at least $200 for the whole group, which actually wasn't that difficult), but even there, there isn't any shade. The shaded cabanas on the upper level start at $350 for the day (!).Anyways, great hotel and casino, great staff. Excellent Vegas experience. Golden Nugget is not on "the strip"... it's on Fremont Street, which is the old strip in the downtown area. We checked out the strip and frankly I liked Fremont much better - way less pretentious, slightly cheaper, much safer, and it has a covered dome over the street with a pretty crazy light show.
2	Still our Hotel and Casino of Choice . . . Especially since the wife won a $5,400.00 jackpot this visit . . . Me a $3,700.00 jackpot (oh yeah, mine was out at another casino).Major problem . . . and it appeared to not just be our room in the Ruch Tower . . . but there was a sewer gas smell in our room all weekend . . . even after housekeeping tried to put something down the drain.We will be back, since nothing in the area compares . . . but if the smell hasn't been taken care of . . . we might not be back after that . . .
2	I have stayed at the Nugget several times. This time I had a problem with the parking. I tried to valet my car and was told it was full. I went to self parking and was told it was also full. I asked where I should park and they told me " you will have to find somewhere else".  If I am a guest at a hotel.... They should have a parking spot for my car.
1	First off, I really wanted to stay at this hotel ever since I visited it years prior.  I finally got the chance due to a special rate...not a wise choice.  Granted I stayed at the old tower but it seemed a little run down.  The room was very mediocre and had a weird smell. I can't believe there was no fridge! I just felt like I was getting nickled and dimed all over the place....internet ($12.99 per day/per device), gym ($20.00 per day). I think I would just preferred it all getting rolled up into a resort fee. The only reason I gave it 1 star is because the pool was pretty cool with the fish/shark tank and the big slide.  However, the patrons there were not cool.  There was already a long line to go on the slide and people kept cutting in line...ummm...ok. It just felt too over crowded and not fun.Also, we had a really bad experience with the elevator. One the day that we checked out. There were a whole bunch of people in the elevator (maybe like 8-10 people). Me and my man friend were the last people to get off the elevator. However, as we were getting off, the elevator started going back up...with the doors OPEN! OMG....Golden Nugget....if you're reading this...this is a HUGE LIABILITY!! Can you imagine what would've happened if someone got caught in the elevator just as it s going back up?!? Luckily we got out safe and we just had enough. Bottom line, stay on the strip. The hotels are nicer and the people are more attractive. I would never stay at this hotel again.
4	This is in my opinion the best hotel downtown, the rooms are reasonably priced andthey have a decent buffet, I stay here every year and it's always well kept, I think it is nicer than many hotels on the strip and are always up to date on their decor. I would recommend this hotel to anyone but will tell you if you are a gambler youwould be better off going elsewhere, I have been going here for the last 6 years andhave not witnessed anyone winning anything, they have the tightest slots I haveever seen, I went to the fremont hotel and a lady had won, and I had won a little my self, I know it's gambling but if I go somewhere for several years I would expect to see someone jumping for joy at least once then go next door for 30 minutes and someone wins. IN CONCLUSION I THINK IT IS THE NICEST HOTEL DOWNTOWN AND WOULD ALWAYS RETURN BECAUSE THEY ARE TOP NOTCH BUT WOULD RECOMMEND PLAYING ELSEWHERE.
4	Okay... I'm going to be honest.  I have heard of young ones staying at the Golden Nugget b/c rooms were inexpensive and when you're young and in Vegas, you probably don't plan on sleeping or being in the room much if at all.  With that being said, I seriously thought the hotel was similar to a cheap motel just from the stories I've heard in the past.  But boy oh boy, this place has great potential!  When I stumbled upon the hotel and casino, I was amazed at how pretty it was inside!  I was totally expecting it to be all old and rundown, like a ghost town, etc. The casino is nice and the fixtures/furnishings/design seems to have been updated (though I've never seen what it might have looked like in the past).  Pool - Didn't get a chance to walk around and explore it, but by being a spectator from the outside looking in, it looked a lot of fun and I really wanted to go for a swim but there was just no time.  :[  There is a freaking waterslide that goes THROUGH the shark tank!  YES, there are SHARKS!!!  (and some fish).  The pool wraps around the tank and has sunny and shady areas.  There are daybeds and chaises that are in the water as well as normal ones on the deck.  I also noticed that there were multiple levels (upper level it seemed like there were actual cabanas there).  Restaurants - Don't knock 'em till you try 'em.  It took a while for us to figure out where we wanted to eat because the menus don't really sound all that appetizing, but when we ate at this Italian restaurant, the food was actually really good.  I didn't order a dish for myself because I wasn't feeling well, so the waitress gave me this drink that would help me feel better (and it did).  The bread w/ the olive oil dipping sauce was pretty yummy and I got a chance to try some of my  Mom's dish (some type of pasta) it wasn't bad.  My friend ordered I think the Eggplant Parmesan?  Bathrooms - I noticed that the two casino level restrooms were different - one seemed a little nicer and more lit than the other, but nonetheless, they were both clean.  Location - Not sure if its in the best area necessarily... it is right next to the Clark County Metropolitan Police Department/Facility... steps away from the Court House, etc.  During the day I would say its fine, but it looks so sketch at night.  Airport Shuttle - If you schedule an appt. with the Showtime Shuttle Service, they can take you directly to the airport.  Greyhound - Not too far from the hotel & casino if you choose to take the bus back home.Starbucks - Yes, there is one located downstairs.Rooms - My Mom had said that she booked a room in the older part of the hotel... I was dreading what it was going to look like, but when I walked in, it literally wasn't as bad as I had pictured it in my head.  The room seemed to be updated?  I wasn't afraid to sit down anywhere nor sleep in the bed.  The room had a good amount of walking space.  The bathroom wasn't scary at all either... the only thing I could probably complain about were the bath fixtures... maybe they can update those soon?  :D  Dirty bathrooms freak me out but I was okay with this one, lol.  The Guests/People - I initially thought that I would be seeing a lot of elderly guests wandering around, but to my surprise there were people of all ages roaming around and hanging out!  From families w/ kids to teens, people in their mid-20s-30's to 40's-60's to Grandpa & Grandma status.  The Elevators - They're pretty quick and they don't look rundown or outdated at all.  The waiting area near the elevators was also nice... pretty painting and lighting above.
3	This place is probably close to 4* for the value you get of one of the nicest hotels in downtown at a good price, but I bumped it down to 3* because there is so much variation in rooms there -- the new tower (where you technically have to pay another $20-$30 a night) is very nice, but the old towers (like Carson Tower) are pretty dumpy. Not dirty dumpy, just tired and needing a renovation dumpy.In addition, like the Caesar's properties they advertise not having a resort fee, but as of July 1st they now charge a 'Fremont Experience' fee. Giving that mandatory fees are now a given (lame, but that's the case in Vegas now) I'm not mad that they are charging a fee, but just call it a resort fee rather than make up another name for it. Since the Fremont experience is attached to their hotel it's like going to another hotel and them charging for an 'awning' fee .. because its there.Finally, I asked for a wake up call, which they didn't make, then 30 minutes AFTER the wakeup call housekeeping came by and banged on the door calling that my wakeup call (?) even though I had do not disturb on my door. They do have a pretty spectacular pool that is big enough to handle huge July 4th crowds (to some extent.. I went when they opened at 10am and every seat was taken, but I went there again around 8pm and plenty of open seats). You get to swim right up to a shark tank, and if you want, you can take a slide down THROUGH the shark tank (long line, so I didn't do this part). I do prefer downtown Vegas over the strip so I will be back in this area, and would not cross Golden Nugget off my list. I do think the competition from the D and other hotels that are renovating their rooms will be good.. prices may slide up a bit though, though there are still plenty of dumpy hotels for very cheap in this area.
4	The pool is the coolest
3	We are frequent visitors of Las Vegas, but our recent stay at the Golden Nuggets was our first time staying on the Fremont strip.  We got one of the new rooms at the rush tower, which was pretty nice and updated, but the customer service was terrible.  When we checked in at the front desk, the guy checking us in wasn't friendly at all, but the worst is when we misplaced our room key at the pool, the front desk employee (by the name of Ryan) directed us to wait in from of our room and someone will assist us within 10 minutes.  We've waited for a good 25-30min but nobody showed, so i headed down to talk to someone else.  She called someone and help showed up immediately.  I asked him what the delay was, and he said that this was the first time he got a call.We chose the Golden Nugget because we wanted to check out their pool (Shark Tank!).  We knew it was going to be crowded since we came down for the July 4th weekend, but didn't expect it to be this bad!  The pool is really small!  There are kids everywhere, all the chairs were taken, cabanas were full, barely enough room to walk in the pool.  The pool itself was pretty neat, but i recommend staying there during summer break or weekends.
5	went for memorial weekend to attend Punk Rock Bowling concert!  such a good time.. hotel was filled with old school punks and everyone was on their best behavior! LOL!  Gold Tower room was awesome and fairly cheap being a big weekend!  BF won $650 on the Monster slots.  we won and lost at $5 Craps.  we also played a poker tourney last minute.  i thought buy ins were high being u only double money if u win top prize.. not worth it to me!  i went down the way and won $1200 on slots at The D !!!  took it back to the Golden Nugget and lost most of it. Their slots were tight i guess.  The hotel room was very clean.  one thing that bothered me was getting free drinks while gambling was a Pain. i spent probaboy $200 getting my own expensive cocktails at the many large bars.  even at video poker I was ignored! sat in Keno room for an hour and never saw a waitress!!  this was my first legit vacay to vegas. we are a budget couple and had a great time. we found restaurant deals and happy hour deals and stayed downtown the whole time for three days..  i came with $1100 cash and after three days.. food.. drinks.. fun.. i came home with $700.  total I won in slots at other hotels $1800.  sadly the nugget got all my winnings from those other hotels.. but like I said before the BF won on Monster slots at least.  i saw a few older people losing their life savings at roulette.. Sad really!  staff at nugget was friendly unless u r trying to get a drink.. we will come back again but mayne two nights is enough next time.. cause the third day was when i lost all my winnings!!  also stopped at Whiskey Petes on way back to Cali and the BF won $90 on tje OC Chopper slots.  oh and Alien Jerky worth the stop!! so many flavors!!!
4	best downtown hotel!...great hosts..host Jason very helpful!
5	Another great stay at the Nugget! Rush tower is still the way to go and the grad kids love the pool. We paid to reserve a cabana and look forward to that later today.Forget the strip.....Fremont is where the real old time Vegas action is!
4	We stayed at the Golden Nugget 6/29-6/30/13. First time staying at this or any hotel Downtown. Our Rush Tower suite was nicer than our suites in the Palazzo where we normally stay. There were many factors that really could have hampered our stay - 117 degrees....lost money....brought my 10 year old...pool was packed.....BUT....We had an amazing time!!!! The staff here is very attentive. Their clientele aren't flashy nor trashy. The table limits are perfect. The food is good. The room rates, food rates, drink are very reasonable. The pool is so much fun!!! My wife never takes the time to reserve a spa appointment in advance and regularly gets a annoying response from the big hotels when trying to get a same day appointment. She made a same day appointment for a pretty big ($200 treatment) and said the spa in the Golden Nugget was very good and a good value!!!She actually wants to go there with her girlfriends but I think maybe my players card room discounts are not transferable to herDo not be afraid to venture out 'Downtown' Vegas. We ziplined and watched the free concerts.Really can not wait to get back there!!!
4	We stayed 4th of July weekend. We are repeat customer great place and great value. It is a must to go down to the pool at 8:00am and put your stuff on the chairs you want because they go fast. But I love Fremont Street and this place is great!
5	For a relaxing, old school Vegas adventure, The Golden Nugget is the place to be.  This hotel has been renovated and is as good as any hotel on the strip (just smaller and less expensive).  All the staff were very helpful and friendly, had a room available for me at 9 a.m. when I arrived, I was expecting to have to check my luggage an check-in later.  The Grotto Italian Restaurant is fabulous.  Best amenity is the Shark Tank pool by far.  We rented a cabana for one of the days (Hideout Premium Cabana) and was the best experience.  Highly recommended!  It has it's own pool (16+ and older only), on the 3rd level near the slide entrance.  Just a few things to note:  The chilled towels and fresh fruit amenity are tiny (both can fit in the palm of your hand, seriously), but we received WONDERFUL service and had $75 food and drink credit.  If you get Melinda as your attendant, she is great and makes fabulous recommendations.Other things to note for the hotel in general: states they do not charge a resort fee, which they do not charge but there is a $5.00 daily downtown fee.  Still way cheaper than what they charge on the strip.  Take your own kcup coffees!  Every room has a single cup coffee maker BUT there is a $10 charge for the little 4pack kcups in the room.  ATM charges a service fee of $3.50 per transaction so be prepared.Overall, the Golden Nugget is HIGHLY recommended.
2	One of the girls that I went with got us hooked up at this hotel for a 4th of July weekend / friend's birthday. It's clean and the rooms are of a decent size. If you want to party downtown and have the Fremont Street Experience - old school Vegas style - this is not a bad place to be centralized. There are still way more hot females at the hotels & casinos on the strip though since it seems to be more family vacation oriented here. Slipping down the water slide through the shark tank is not as cool as it sounds, but it's fun and faster than it seems. A bit too fast to get a good look at the fishies while going through the tube, but you can swim next to them in the pool (with a glass separator of course). There's a couple of reservation only pools on the upper levels of the swimming area, but they are small and dinky. Gambling doesn't seem too exciting from the crowd and most of the table game workers seem down; we were probably the noisiest ones, but hey, at long as it's fun :p. It sucks that there were no fridge in the bedrooms, so we had to ask for pales of ice. They do leave out a bottle of Fiji water and a box of instant coffee which if you open will cost $7 for the H2O and $10 for the cafe. First thing I did when I came into the room was drank that water because I thought that the hotel was being nice, until my friend told me that we were going to be way overcharged for it. I was also planning to make some coffee afterwards, until the price tag was pointed out - Starbucks down stairs is even cheaper. At least the parking was free for hotel guests.
1	This place is a dump. The worst customer service we've ever experienced. First we get welcomed with the news that there s a $5.00 a day "Fremont Experience" fee.  We could care less about $5.00, but this was not disclosed at the time of reservation.  We were told that the fee was to cover the Fremont Experience out the front door, which We might add, is the street in front of the hotel, a PUBLIC street!!  Get to our dark and extremely dated room in the Carson Tower, which hasn't received a renovation since Sinatra headlined here. In room water: $7.00, in room coffee $10.00.  Really?  The hotel pool was closed on Saturday, due to a haz-mat problem.  We were disappointed as we had planned to spend the day by the pool. Called the "assistant general manager" Julio, who explained the problem, and we were only offered late check out the next day. Not much, considering we had a 815am flight Sunday morning. Obviously declined.  Called back to ask for some sort of compensation, still waiting........Julio finally called back after over an hour, and said there was NOTHING he would do to compensate us for ruining our day. The uncaring and apathetic staff here are unbelievable! Final slap in the face, I go down to run boarding passes for flight, find out there is a $5.00 charge...to run a boarding pass???!!!  There are no comment cards in rooms, I wonder why????Like I sad, a DUMP, and an absolutely insulting experience.
4	The pool is simply amazing!! Perfect for families, young 20 year olds and all the other age groups. The buffet is A+ as well. One of the best hotels you will find downtown.
2	First the good:  I've spent many, many hours in the GN, mostly in their poker room, which I believe is one of the best-run rooms in town.  Quick shout out to some of the best of the best:  Floor: Vito, Dealers: Marlon, Pete, Toni, and many, many others, and Server: Elizabeth.And the not-so-good - the hotel itself.  Day 1:Check in was nothing unusual for Vegas.  The customer service agent (guy) was not anything I'd consider friendly or overly helpful.  80% businesslike, 20% arrogant douchebag.  We were in the Carson tower, which is about a mile or so away from Fremont street.  I didn't really care, because I really could use the walking after playing cards all day.  We located our room, which turned out to be the furthest possible room from the elevator, roughly 200 yards away (no exaggeration).  Housekeeping was in the room, and told us they shouldn't have checked us in, and that we'd have to go back downstairs and get another room.  Annoying, given that we had just lugged all of our shit up there.  The next agent (female) was much friendlier and apologetic, fixed the problem right away, and got us a different room.  The room was nice, but nothing to write home about.  It was dated, the air from the A/C unit smelled a little musty, and my wife smelled smoke in the room (even though it was a non-smoking room).  I wasn't really in the mood to make yet another trip down, so we just sucked it up.  Day 2:My wife was determined to hit the pool.  After all, it is one of the highlights of the hotel, right?  We went down about 9:45, knowing the pool deck was open, but you couldn't swim until 10.  It was going to be another 115-degree or so day, so I was really looking forward to the pool as well.  There weren't any chairs available.  There were plenty of chairs there with nobody in them, but some article "reserving" them.  One sandal on one chair, its matching sandal on the chair next to it.  A pair of sunglasses.  An empty bottle of water.  We went up to the security person, who apologized and said that although people aren't supposed to reserve chairs, they just leave stuff there all the time and come back whenever.  She said they try to enforce the policy, and has told management that people abuse it all the time, but they don't listen to her.  With no chairs available, we left disappointed.    When we returned to our room, it was open.  Not open all the way, but it was resting on the latch.  All of our stuff was in there, so I was more than a little concerned.  I walked down the hall and asked the housekeeper if she had been in our room, and she said no.  The housekeeper told me that "lots of people have keys to these rooms" and I should call down to security, so I called security.  They said they'd investigate and get back to me.  That was around 10:30 a.m.   I called back about a half-hour later, and "John" told me that a housekeeping key was used, and they were investigating.  They'd get back to me.  I gave up at around 11:30 and went to eat.  I eventually found out it was someone on the housekeeping staff that had done a room check - only because I kept on it.  If I had waited for the GN staff to call me back, I'd still be waiting.My wife then told me that she wished we had stayed at the D again.  I agreed.Day 3:Pool deck.  Chairs.  Sun.  And then the pool opened. There are around 500 reasons we don't have kids, and they were all there at 10:00.  In addition, the water was cloudy enough that we couldn't see the bottom step, and both my wife and I slammed our toes into it trying to get out of the pool.  Ugh.  There is an upstairs (16 and over) pool, as we learned.  It has clear water, quiet, and none of the problems above. But since they were sold out of lounge chairs (everything costs money, and you can't go in for free before 5pm), I was stuck in Disneyland hell below. I gave up eventually and went into the casino for some peace and quiet.  Day 4:Upstairs pool, nice.  Poker, nice.  Buffet, nice.  Good day!Day 5:Check out.Although they told us we weren't going to be charged the "Fremont Experience Fee," (we checked in under the wire), it showed up anyway.  So, I called down to have it taken off, and they apologized for me misunderstanding the check-in agent (which pissed me off a little bit, since both my wife and I heard him clearly). And the coup-de-grace?  I hand our valet ticket in and wait.  And wait.  And wait.  Eventually the valet calls me over to the desk and admits that they can't locate our keys.  He asks me if the name is correct, and what color the ticket is.  He dutifully goes through every envelope in the drawer.  Eventually, he locates it and gets our car.  I figured it would have been a fitting ending to our stay if they had lost it or given it to someone else.   Verdict:There are many things I love about the GN.  The hotel isn't one of them.I'll continue to play cards there and eat there.  But stay there?  Probably not anytime soon.
1	This place is overhyped. The decor in the Rush tower is nice, I'll give them that. But at over $100/night, its way out of line with other recently renovated downtown hotels. Try the Plaza or D.  The casino itself was a total rip off.  I've never come across tighter slots in my life. Most casinos will toy with you for a while before they take your money, but the GN just saps the fun out of the air immediately. There was no excitement in the atmosphere, and everyone just seemed pissed off. Not a good sign for the overall odds. I would never recommend this casino or hotel to anyone.
4	My girlfriend won $15K in Pei Gow poker there, so we love the place and hope the luck continues.
1	Let me preface this by saying, I used to live in Las Vegas and my family still does, and this used to be the "go-to" spot for locals to have a "staycation". This is what we were doing when we last rented a room in June. I apologize for the great detail, but I want you to understand what a horrific experience we had.Our reservation was for one night to celebrate my sister's 21st birthday. We had two rooms, and pulled up together with our bags in tow to the valet. We waited for about 5 minutes, and were finally approached by a valet attendant, who aggressively asked what we were doing there. We stated that we have reservations and were there to check in. He responded with a very robotic and rude, "Show me your bags or your reservation." We told him we had our bags in the trunk, and he continued to be aggressive. I understand they probably have a lot of people taking advantage of the valet service, however, as soon as he realized that we were not one of those people, he should have turned that attitude off. He did not. As I started to unload my things and my baby, I asked for a caddy to tote our luggage on. They told me I am not allowed to use it. I had to ask why before they would offer me a baggage attendant that would help me. When the baggage attendant approached, I was really hoping he would turn things around. I was sadly disappointed. I loaded our bags onto the caddy, and he was writing, and had never said anything to me or my group, so I assumed we were finished. I proceeded to head inside. He came after me about 3 minutes later, and held his hands out and asked, "How am I going to get these to you if you don't wait a minute?" I followed him back out to the valet area. He then accosted me for placing an item on the luggage caddy that wasn't "in a proper bag" (it was a box of crackers...) and he rolled his eyes and grabbed a plastic bag and placed the crackers in the bag. He then asked me to count my bags. I did, and I reported the number. He began to explain that the bags could take up to an hour to get to our room, and that me taking them myself was still not an option. In that case, I decided I would need my diaper bag. I removed it from the caddy, and he rolled his eyes again and proceeded to dramatically rip up the ticket and said "We need to count again." He then proceeded to tell me that when I got to the room, I would need to call them to bring the bags up. I asked him to just send them now, since we were on our way out, and he said "We don't do that. You have to be there to accept them." When I finally was released by the baggage king, we headed to our rooms to "accept" our bags that they wouldn't allow us to take by ourselves. I waited on hold for 4 minutes before anyone answered and they demanded a code that was on my paper. I had a baby in my arms, so I asked them to look it up by our room number or reservation since our last name had been taken, but they said they required the code. I told them to wait a second so I could dig it out, and they told me I would have to call back when I was ready...The rest of the experience continued in that direction. We made a point to avoid all restaurants, bars and gambling in the Golden Nugget since the experience had been so consistent. There is clearly some type of management issue that the staff is not happy with, and as a customer, I felt it. We will not be returning, and we have recommended that our friends and family avoid it as well. We were extremely disappointed, and I really wish I had thought to get names of the people that were so incredibly rude.
4	I had to stay in Vegas for one night, traveling for a freelance work project. I generally loathe everything Vegas stands for, so I searched for the cheapest casino that wouldn't leave me with bed bugs or worse. The Golden Nugget was a surprisingly good value. My room was clean and tasteful. The center pool/shark tank made for an interesting scene at night. And I won $102 on the first dollar I gambled. I won't be coming back unless I have to, but for a night in Vegas, you could do a lot worse than the Golden Nugget.
5	Very pleasantly impressed!!!!!!!!!!!! We arrived early, (2 family's and 2 rooms) bellman immediately checked our bags in and valet our cars. Check in line took about 15 minutes, our rooms weren't ready but the clerk said they'd call me on my cell when they were so we can pick up the keys, so we decided to hit the pool, but had to go ask for our bags to get our swimsuits and towels NO problem the guy took me back there, and I was able to grab what I needed in less than 5 minutes... about 30 min later one room is ready, so up we go, call for our bags and they were there in less then 10 minutes. Another 15 minutes later they call and say the other room is ready, I asked jokingly if they can bring the keys to me, and they said sure no problem?????????????The pool was pretty packed, but was amazingly entertaining for our kids, we didn't get any lounge chairs, but were offered a shaded section of couches if we spend a minimum of $200, well with 7 of us that were hungry and thirsty, it was no problem, and well worth every penny!!!! After a full day in the sun we went back to our rooms to get ready for a night full of entertainment of people watching on Fremont, and a great dinner at the Hash House a Go Go...once we got back to our rooms we slept like babies, on our amazing beds they were like sleeping on a bed of clouds....  (we stood in the Rush Tower)We will definitely stay here at the Golden Nugget again!!!!  Next time it's going to be a Girls Only weekend!!!
4	The best deal in the Downtown Las Vegas area! The rooms are modern and clean. The pool is spectacular with the water falls, water slide, and the SHARK tank!!This place has good restaurants and a great cafe that stays open 24hrs!! Great non pretentious gambling. A short cab ride to the strip. You just can't go wrong here. The most bag for your buck!
2	Valet and bell staff were great, housekeeping was nice, although bathroom wasn't cleaned very well.  Room itself was nice, but beds were Full Size not Queen, and pool view was overrated, sure I can see the pool if I lean out over the A/C and hang onto the window sill.  Bathroom had mold on ceiling and caulk molding and falling out.  Front desk staff was not very helpful, when I stopped by to ask them if I could get a privacy sign I was told that I should  have called housekeeping from my room.   Ok, so I should have awakened the person sleeping to get a sign that would save them from being awakened?!?   Charges for many things extra $12.99 a day for internet, $20 a day for gym, $10 if you use their in room coffee... Etc.   the thing is I thought I had picked a mid-high grade room/reservation but was being treated like I'd used a Groupon.  The pool was nice but crowded. Teenagers blatantly pouring alcohol in a drink bottle right in front of the lifeguard while inside the pool.  I won't stay again.
3	I stayed at the Carson tower.It was for business since I work seasonally at the Furniture Market and this place is the best you can get in that area.I didn't know what to expect from a hotel in Fremont street, but everything turned out great.The beds were very comfortable, the staff was nice enough and the noise level was not at all what I feared. The decor was kind of dated, but I don't really care, the room was very big and it had a nice TV and a desk.The rush tower is the nicest, it's the newer tower and everything there is more modern, but even if you don't have that upgrade, you will be ok as long as you are not expecting fanciness.Be prepared, they charge you for EVERYTHING! a bottle of water was $7!! and there is no refrigerator, the coffee pack in the room is $10. So, go to the store ahead of time and get some bottled water and coffee if you need it in the morning. There is a Starbucks downstairs but the line is never ending.I ate at all their restaurants and there are all very good and decently priced.The only thing that I didn't like is that the whole place stinks like smoke, but I guess that is a "Vegas thing" not really just that hotel. Also too many children in the casino! If you are one of those parents that has a yard of beer in one hand and a toddler in the other hand while you play slots at 11:00 at night, I have one question for you: "WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?????"The pool is nice, if you don't mind public pools, they have a slide that goes through a shark tank, I personally think public pools are kind of yucky but if you are into that sort of thing theirs looks ok.
2	We made the mistake of staying here for my daughter's 21st birthday.  I've stayed here in the past and found it great but BOY has it gone DOWN HILL!!!!  Not only was the customer service EXTREMELY poor (promised upgrade and internet and no one wrote it down on our reservation) and spent a lot of time arguing with the management.  Also be aware that they now charge an ADDITIONAL $5.65 per night for the Fremont experience. Our supposed 4 star nonsmoking rooms (we had 2 for the birthday celebration), smelled, the enamel bathtub was cracked and black was showing through, there was rust around the faucets and the plastic light fixture cap on the ceiling FELL one day (glad no one was in the shower at the time) and we set it on the counter and it sat there for the rest of our visit - 2 more days.  Wouldn't it have been nice if housekeeping would have taken care of that????  Definitely NOT a 4 star; maybe 3 if you can tolerate bad customer service.  Lastly, we had heard that downtown had been cleaned up.  Wrong, there were plenty of sketchy people hanging out and approaching you on Fremont.  Won't be staying here again.
5	First time staying here... I must say it was a pleasant experience.  I'm giving 5 star for great customer service -  after checking out I realized I had forgotten my ring and to my surprised, housekeeping had turned it in.  Any hotel with honest employees deserves 5 stars! Thank you golden nugget; we will definitely be back!
2	Decided to make my Vegas trip a day longer so I stayed here.. the main reason was the pool/slide for my two young kids.  The Pool I would rate 3.5 stars as the slide is very cool and the tank is very Very Cool with massaging waterfall to boot. The room on the other hand was disappointing, there was rust running slowly down from the tub (overflowing stop.. the round silvery thing) , the air condition works but load thorough the night and the worst was the Queen size beds.. make that tiny.. more like a full size bed.. pillows and mattress were almost as hard as cardboard.. bath towels had that "overused" ivory discoloration color.. But hey, for a room under $50 a night.. it wasn't bad
2	We were excited to stay at the golden nugget because of all of the reviews on help. However, we were very disappointed. Our stay started when half our party arrived and the system had crashed. The front desk told them they had no reservations saved from this and they were able to check them in because they were there - other reservations could not be held. Thankfully they allowed them to check us into our room, because when we did arrive the hotel was booked and we would not have been given a room. Prior to our trip we called twice to request rooms on the same floor and this did not happen (one on 11 and the other on the 19th). They did tell us we could switch rooms in the AM and to call down and we could move. We called down in the AM and the front desk told us the room was empty and needed cleaning but would check us into the room and when we came back into the hotel to pick up keys. We did exactly that and there was no record of our new room and there were no open rooms on the 11th floor. They thankfully never checked us out of our 19th floor room.Also, wifi was $13 a day and coffee, a bottle of Figi water for $7 and 4 Kcups for $10. What a rip! Needless to say the staff just didn't seem happy to be there or want to help the guests. I'm SURE there are nicer and better places to stay in Vegas - and even if it was a good deal for the hotel it is worth a little more money to stay somewhere else!
1	On August 6, 2013, our laptop and iPad3 were stolen from our hotel room at the Golden Nugget, Las Vegas. We are still waiting for a response from the hotel regarding how they will address this situation. Yesterday, we left a message for them to call us, but they have not returned our call. We have been long term customers, and are very disappointed in their lack of concern as well as servicing issues that we encountered during this visit.
2	This place does not deserve 3 1/2 stars!! First off, the double beds are not adequate for two people. EVERYTHING COSTS EXTRA!! All the pool chairs are tightly put together and offer NO shade! If you want any shade you have to purchase it via cabanas or couch areas which are ridiculously expensive. There are lots and lots of kids and the pool smells of urine. There is an adult pool, but the loungers at that pool cost $20/ day and have to be reserved in advance (good luck getting one). You can't hold a lounger with a towel either. They remove it if no one is there. My mom and I left our loungers to go in the pool. When we came back, our towels were gone! The gym costs $20 extra and you have to pay $13/day for Wi-Fi. If you want coffee in the room, they have a keurig and it'll cost you $10 for 4 cups (bring your own coffee pods). What happened to free morning coffee?!?! The staff is friendly and the rooms are spacious and clean, but they nickel and dime you to death! I will not be staying here again!!
4	Do you ever wish you could rearrange the names of places in Las Vegas?  I'd let the Nugget have "Oasis" because it truly is an oasis in the desert.  [Once upon a time I might have said "the desert that is downtown" but those days are a fading memory.  DT is on a roll that wont stop until it arrives at a place you no longer recognize.]The rooms at the Nugget are a prize.  Cant tell you how the food is--we ate off prop every meal, but the staff is one of the most professional in the city--certainly in DT.Secret tip for you here: the rooms are discounted in the Carson tower but they're just like those in the Gold tower, except that they're further away and thus avoid much of the crowd crush on when the hotel is busy.  Second secret tip for you: the toilets in the Gold tower are short (meaning shallow) and if you're not careful, your junk will hit the water.  You only make that mistake once--er, well, twice if you're a slow learner like me.
2	Not quite as great as it used to be, especially the casino. Since purchased by some guy named Tilman Fertita, who also owns Landry's Restaurants, the service seems to have been slacking-off a bit. The hotel is fine, especially the upgraded towers, but casino personnel can be very obnoxious. Not all of them, but some get really snotty. The casino manager, Jason Sides (as of June 2013), seems unresponsive to complaints. Be sure to complain anyway, if you are disrespected.
2	Just don't. The casino itself is kind of gross. Outside is the Old Las Vegas which also isn't all that fun. Mostly just drunk people stumbling around and littering. We stayed in the Rush Tower of the hotel which had a nice room but it wasn't anything great for what we paid. Parking was full and we had to park quite a ways away from the hotel.Worst part is the customer service. It's terrible. I had an issue with my room that caused me to change nights. The woman at the front desk really had no idea how to handle the situation and all that needed to be done was to cancel and refund the room I had booked and book me a different one. Eventually that happened and I was told the amount for the first room would be put back on my credit card. They never put it back. I've been calling them for weeks about this and each time it's like starting from scratch.
4	I have not stayed here yet but I always park here when I go to fremont street.  It's located towards the beginning of the fremont street experience so it's kind of a strategic thing.  I have had the hand tossed pizza in there which is cooked in what looks like a wood burning stove in the bar area and it was delicious.  Extra points on coolness since they made the pizza in front of me.  Pork sliders were a little small, but i'm a fatty so.. it maybe a good portion size for the normal person.  Bottom line.. Great Parking.  Especially since I just realized fremont street now has doubled the homeless people on that strip . Its a bit disghusting,  I was here last year and it was no where NEAR this bad. Very sad.  Surrounding Hotels need to wake up !  Clear those people out or no one will come.  It's no fun if you are having to worry about your surroundings.
5	I love the Golden Nugget it's the comfort of downtown with the elegance  of the strip.We are always treated very well there.Went to the spa twice and was very pleased with the services I received there. And our favorite dealer in the casino is Bicky (she was very sweet)
1	This was a really low budget hotel. Staff and managers are really unprofessional. Rooms are dirty and smell bad. Even when house keeping came to clean they didn't clean right...there was hair from the people that stayed before us left in the bathtub and on the sink. The bathroom smelled like urine. And the sheets smelled really bad. The bathtub kept getting clogged. The staff and managers at the front desk didn't have the right customer service skills and argue with customers. I would never stay here again! Pay more and get better service.
1	Stayed at GN for a weekend visit with my GF.  This hotel is terrible with even worse service. They advertise free valet but we could not get in as they were full And ended up parking in Bridger St lot 3 blocks away. Management just gave us some lame excuse but no real help. The room was nice but slightly dated. No refrigerator microwave. And the room was not really clean.  We found dirty clothes in the couch cushions. Also got charged a Fremont charge. Would not stay here again.
1	The bathtub in our room was full of water, hair and dirt when we arrived.  If you are looking for a clean room, this is definitely not the hotel for you.
1	Yea...no.  First time staying at this hotel, and likely my last.  Hubby recommended we stay here during a large family gathering where everyone was staying downtown.  I had never stayed downtown and they assured me that Golden Nugget was the best in Downtown.  I had called ahead to request a non-smoking room with a king bed.  When I checked in, they asked me if I wanted 1 or 2 beds and smoking or non-smoking.  Why did I even call if it's not noted somewhere?  Whatever, I told them again, and the lady said they didn't have any non-smoking rooms available with a king bed.  sigh. Fine.   We were only staying 1 night anyway and we were in a rush to meet up with the family.Get up to our room, put our stuff down, and leave the room.  Don't get back up to the room until pretty late, so we just crash.  Wake up the next morning to shower, and find...stuff in the shower.  STUFF (see pic)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/golden-nugget-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-3?selected=kDootJ5m0u_--uaAJ1hnsQ#x4UOCGfd9n0OBlNszRzhWghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/golden-nugget-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-3?selected=kDootJ5m0u_--uaAJ1hnsQ#ZXVZ3-FLo0ZnrrdNM66M5gEWWW what is that?  I don't know, but I'm not touching it.  needless to say, I did not shower.Check-out, I tell the guy behind the counter.  He gives a weak apology and says he really can't do anything about it, and would take a note down so that maybe in the future I could get an upgrade.  What?  Why would I want to stay there again?  To be fair though, I really don't think he had much power in the situation, but bleh.  Not happy.
1	It was my 13 year anniversary and my wife and I decided to stay here to celebrate. What a nightmare. First when I checked in the front desk clerk "Wade" was unprofessional and did not provide excellent service. I was told by the front desk manager they did something special for my anniversary and they did nothing. What a disappointment. We decided to eat at the buffet......that was terrible. The food quality was below standard and was highly over priced for a thursday.  We paid $43.00 and honestly that was about $15.00 to high. We requested to have 3 extra pillows in the room and they never showed up. More disappointment. Sadly we sweat all night in the room because the air conditioner did not work correctly. The engineer "Wes" stated the A/C was working fine and there was nothing he could do. The room stayed a constant 90 degrees. Front desk refused to change our room. Everytime I called the front desk the operator would cut me off mid sentence. How unprofessional is that. What a complete disappointment.  The only thing nice at this hotel is the pool. Thanks to the Golden Nugget my 13 year anniversary was spoiled by lack luster service and terrible quality. Take my advice stay somewhere else anywhere would be better.
4	I love the Golden Nugget casino floor and the slot machine selection.  I always try and stay at the hotel but there always booked so I just enjoy playing in the casino on the tables or on my favorite slot machine the pinball slots...awesome.  The casino floor to me is always crowded but I like the crowds, I mean to me the more people playing and having fun makes the vibes in the hotel so much more exciting.  I always play the same machines and the same table games but to see others winning and having a great time makes all the difference.  I love the bar staff there outgoing and friendly and the waitresses are sweethearts always making sure you are having fun...great service.  Overall the casino has winning vibes and the environment is safe, fun, clean and I so want to go back soon to play the pinball.
3	Pretty good Hotel, but be aware, The Carson Tower (lowest priced) DOES NOT HAVE EITHER MICROWAVE OR FRIDGE. (Fridge for an extra 20 bucks per night!)
3	i went to the Golden Nugget last week as a first timer in the whole "i'm legal to gamble and drink in vegas now" fiasco.valet was fine, the first bell boy we dealt with had given me a problem seeing as when i checked in, i was supposed to be given a ticket of some sort to be able to know what luggage cart was mine. thank the lord it was found.the room was a two bedroom, it was clean, and organized so no complaint. i did however disliked the bathtub and how easily, even without water, it felt like you take one wrong step and you'll break a leg (which happened to my boyfriends mother a few trips back in this same hotel btw.)room service wasn't horrible. i was happy that they gave me time limits as to when my food would be arriving, but don't tell me an hour and be mad when i complain when it's been well over two. the food was worth it though. i rather purchase room service than eat from their direct cafe.i had breakfast at the cafe, and my pancakes were hard as rock, and my sausages under cooked. BLEGH.besides the crowds, and the fact i feel the casino has something against me since i won nothing, it was overall a good trip. you'll meet a few weirdos, but nothing crazy. better than being bombarded at the strip.
1	Heard this was the best place downtown.......ahhh NOT.  Pool of blood in bath tub upon check in with pubic hair  on wash cloth and sink. Wife threw up. Told staff and they said would you like another room like it was no big deal. Well pretty much sick by this point. Never again  screw this place and to he'll with Vegas.
3	We stayed here for a few days. The whole decor was beautiful and the restaurants were good for Vegas. The rooms were comfortable and clean.  The only thing that I did not like was that the bottled H2O cot 7 bucks a bottle and the coffee was 10 bucks for the grounds. I did not use the wi fi as it was useless, even in the casino.The gaming was normal and the blackjack had 5 dollar tables which is muh cheaper than the high roller places downtown.  Overall the ambience of the whole area was fun and relaxing.  We gambled at the California club mostly as a friend liked it there.  I did too
3	GREAT overhaul of the decor. The rooms and the pool were really nice.  The bed was super comfortable.  But the service in the cafe was abysmal!  Not just once, but all three times I ate there.  Absolutely ridiculous.  And so out of character with everything else.  We ate at the tepanyaki spot, and it was awesome.  I will be staying here again.  Downtown is a lot of fun.  But I seriously doubt I will dine in the cafe again.  I'd rather step outside and brave the crowd of 3:00 am zombies to look for snacks at Walgreens.
4	Okay. Now, I'm a vintagegirl and I prefer the old downtown Vegas to the strip. Seems to me though that this is catching on. There's more and more people starting to prefer Fremont St. and the charm of vintage Las Vegas. Got a good deal online staying at the new Rush Tower. Nice rooms. We came in on a Sunday morning and had the Sunday champagne brunch! Fantastic! Comfy bed, quiet and blackout curtains. The tv channels leave a bit to be desired. No HBO or special channels. Guess they want you to spend your time in their casino. The only noises we heard were the chatty maids in the morning.  If you don't want them coming into your room at 8am, be sure to hang your "Privacy please" sign on your door!!Toilet paper is bargain brand and not Charmin soft!! Just a warning... Don't ask for a fridge. It'll cost you $20 a day.  Tip: Bring an ice chest and have snacks. There's an ice machine on every level. (And it'll save you $ on food and hooch and eating out) ;)Wanna use the fitness center? Also, $20 a day. Unless, you get a spa treatment, which  I highly recommend. I got a mini massage, facial and pedicure. Cost me $200 and tip is included. I must have spent 4 hours using the gym, facilities and having my treatments. There was cucumber water, snacks, water, juice. The royal treatment!One more thing: the coffee in your room is not complimentary and neither is the water! A bottle of Dasani water will cost you $7 and the Kuerig coffee pods will cost you $10 if you open the box! Tip: buy your coffee pods at Target or bring them from home. All in all a nice place and great rooms in the Rush Tower! Employees were nice and helpful too!
4	The Golden Nugget is a good value... The Rush Tower is worth the little extra money. I go for business and the internet upload speed is very important to me.  I don't know if it was an accident, but on the 16th floor of the Rush Tower I got 20 Mbps upload... which is unheard of super-fast.   So the next time I traveled to Las Vegas I tried to get the same room without  success... I got a room on the 12 floor, my speed was 9 Mbps... which is still super fast. Note: I've been to many Hotels in Las Vegas, and I haven't found another one that offers speeds of over 1.3 Mbps upload.The buffet is okay if you are tired and do not want to go out, but if you have the time, for about $3 more, you can have an experience at the M hotel.  One of the best, and I have tried a few.  I would rate the buffets this way1. The M, The Wynn, Caesar's Places, The Cosmopolitan... 1A. The Aria, 2. The Bellagio, The Mandalay BayThe Cheapest with good food1. The Red Rock2 Palace Station, Sunset Station
4	This review is for the Rush Tower VIP.  The rooms cost a little more but comes with a refrigerator, free Fugi water, coffee, internet, robes and slippers.  Also access to the Spa & Fitness which I did not visit.  My room was on the 22nd floor and I had to insert my card to get there in the elevator.  The beds and pillows are so comfortable and I had a great view of the city.  The bathroom is huge, with double doors and double bowl sinks.  All the ameneites are nice.  My only gripe is the old plumbing.  The room smelled like poot upon entering and the entire stay.  Turns out it was coming from the pipes.  The smell was strongest in the closet which had some piping in the ceiling and the bathroom every time I turned on the faucet.  Good thing I had some febreeze handy.  Also, although the tub was really nice the draining was unbelieveably slow.  You might as well take a bath because after a few minutes of the shower being on the water was above my ankles.  Other than that I had a great stay.  The gift shop by the elevators had a 30% clearance section.  I actually got 2 nice shirts for $16 bucks after getting an additional percentage off at the register.  It's also open 24 hours which was a plus.
4	We did four days in a Great Room at the Mandalay Bay before moving downtown to an upgraded Rush Tower room and were expecting it to be a big letdown and it was just fine. Nowhere near as quiet as the SouthEnd but we wanted to try Downtown and the Fremont Street Xxperience and let me tell you that you will definitely HEAR the Fremont St. Experience starting at about 7pm LOUDLY in your room yet, until 10 and then gets quieter. Internet is NOT included and they would have actually charged us $13 A PIECE for 24 hours for EACH of our laptops, it is not a room rate; we are cheap enuf to just fire up one. What a racket. On the other hand NO $25 resort fee PLUS TAX like at the Mandalay Bay, only a $5 resort fee. We figure we saved at least $100 a night over the Mandalay Bay pricey weekend rate.The Room was very nice, housekeeping was less obtrusive than the Mandalay Bay who think they run that property. Much smaller than the Mandalay Bay complex but everything is there. We never smelled a hint of smoke in the Rush Tower and your walk anywhere, including outside to get to the front desk or a Walgreens, is MUCH shorter than the Mandalay Bay. Can't comment on the casino, we put our usual $2 into a slot machine and quit ahead. Food was ok, the coffee shop which we have enjoyed on previous trips, was closed so had to eat breakfast in the Grotto which was not a plus. GET their coupon book at checkin for 2 for one deals on meals, drinks, etc.Fremont Street is fun but will get old fast, there are some interesting sights around the downtown and diverse less pricey food than The Strip, like the Kabob Corner (not on a corner). The Golden Nugget breakfast buffet particularly on a 2 for 1 deal is just fine, and if you get there just around 10:30 you'll get some lunch too. Parking is free and very easy. Don't miss the 3 level slide through the shark tank.I would say that the regular Golden Nugget rooms are just fine particularly if you are smokers, they have all been upgraded. If you detest cigarette smoke as much as we do, you want the Rush Tower.
3	Super cheap rooms. Not sooooo bad for the price, I guess.Motel quality.It felt like I had to walk forever to get from room to elevator. Carson tower room had wall unit AC. It was loud and smelly and never really got cold enough. We both woke up with splitting headaches (and, no, it wasn't a hangover)But I would come back with the kids just to go swimming for one day. The pool is awesome!
4	Earlier this year, I took my very first trip to Vegas and this was the hotel where we stayed at. I must say, I was very impressed by it. Very nice looking hotel. Their outdoor pool had a cool water slide, which I got on many times, as well as a very nice looking aquarium, which had some big fish as well as some sharks in it!! That was very nice to see. The price for the room was not so bad(I figured rooms at Vegas hotels outside the Strip wouldn't be so pricey anyways!!) The room itself was nice. Small, but very cozy and nice...I mean come, who comes to Vegas to stay the whole time in a small cozy room...the party is outside!! Yes, the casino did reek of cigarettes, but who cares, its Vegas. I personally didn't mind the cigarette stink! The staff was overall friendly with us. Housekeeping was very prompt and well, we got lost trying to find our room, but hey, that is an experience we will always remember. Overall, I loved it here. Highly recommend to anyone looking to pay a cheap price for a nice hotel outside the Strip!!! Rock on dudes!!!
4	Much better trip! Stayed in the new Rush tower which was very nice and had it's own Valet and front desk with competent staff. Restaurants and casino are great!
3	I prefer Fremont St to the Strip.  The freak show that encompasses Fremont St is my kind of place.  It's cheaper, it's more relaxed and there's lots of entertainment.  So, the Golden Nugget was a great place to stay...  or so I thought.In a city where everyone gets comp'd something, we got NOTHING.  We were there for our wedding.  We checked in for 4 nights and told them we were there to get married.  There was no way we could have been lying as we were dragging boxes labelled "Wedding" and there was a bag with a wedding and bridesmaids dresses in it.  We had two rooms, one for us and one for our kids.  They offered to put us in the Rush Tower and the kids in the Carlson Tower.  How the hell does this make sense?  The room was literally the farthest away from the elevator that you could get.  When you came in from the front desk, it was a couple minute walk to the elevator, then a few minute walk to the room from the elevator.  It was the last room on the floor, and no, they weren't sold out.  The sink didn't drain in our room.  It took all morning.  Housekeeping didn't come for both of our rooms one day.  When we called, they sent them up and they did one room while we went out.  We called again about the other room and they gave us breakfast in the morning, but we still didn't have dry towels or soap for the morning.  The Carlson Tower had a musty smell in the halls.  It's a little dated, but it isn't terrible.  There's a lot of maintenance that needs to be done.  Like the EXIT sign falling out of the ceiling on one floor.  Breakfast buffet was OK.  The dinner buffet was TERRIBLE.  Don't waste your time or money.  Internet is not included.  They didn't even send a cheap bottle of wine to our room for our wedding...  very disappointing.  The pool was cool, but it is overcrowded.  There were cigarette butts in it.  There's not enough seating on busy days.  Overall, I would stay here again, but I would try the Rush Tower.  It seems to have better reviews.
4	I love downtown and almost always force my wife to stay there with me.  Used to be internet friends with the Hotel Manager at the El Cortez, and we stayed there numerous times.  I have also spent many nights at the Golden Gate. The Golden Nugget is my new favorite place to stay.  Now that we make a little more $, we can afford this place (we are cheap).  I LOVE the older Las Vegas vibe so smokey rooms don't bother me even though I'm a non-smoker.  My wife hates it.  We upgraded to a Gold Club Room at check-in having reserved a standard Carson room online weeks earlier.  I have never stayed in any other part of the hotel.  The room smelled like a cigar lounge when we walked in.  While all the GC rooms are non-smoking, I'm pretty sure that hasn't always been the case.  I've read on this board that the newest tower - Rush Tower - is smoke smell free.   We asked to smell a different room on our floor, and it stunk as well.  Housekeeping sprayed something that helped quite a bit, and we probably got used the smell over time as we used to do at the El Cortez.  We really dug the bed in the Gold Club Room.  It was very comfy.  I personally like the dark wood and stying of the rooms.  We learned this trip that these rooms are the only ones with wi-fi, and it costs $12.99 per 24 hours.  We paid for two days on only one of our laptops.  The couch area and the Plasma TV are nice touches.  The bathroom is a little cramped.  We are used to getting ready together, and that is almost impossible.  The doors of the closet and shower and room all seem to collide together in the same small area when opened.  The shower door opens like a closet and so there is a space between the door and the rest of the glass so water always leaks out onto the floor.  I suppose the rainfall shower is cool, but I like water pressure and this style of a shower head doesn't provide that.Housekeeping staff was awesome, and I tipped them $5 a day.  They never rushed us and always honored the do not disturb sign.  I'm always happy to find an iron and ironing board in the room though this time we didn't use it.  There are two robes in the bathroom closet.  Overall this is a room that I would rate 5 stars but considering the smoke and the Mrs, I'm going with 4.  Maybe I'll try to book a Rush Tower Gold Club room next time.  However, I'm sure it won't have the "old vegas" feel i like.
5	Recently had a one night stay at the Golden Nugget. What a wonderful experience! Staff was welcoming and accommodating. The room they provided was spectacular. The bar area for the chart house had the most beautiful aquarium I've ever seen. The next time I'm in Vegas I'm definitely coming back. This is a place you have to see to believe. Oh, and the artwork with the blown glass displays everywhere throughout the main lobby: just something you must also see. just gorgeous
2	Spent a weeklong trip out west visiting parks, but started and ended in Vegas.  Since none of us had been to 'Old Vegas'  we decided to spend our first night at the Golden Nugget.  The decor in the lobby is great and they have a fantastic shark/slide pool.  However, the check-in time was horrendous!  There was a long line which contained both people checking in and those looking to book shows.  That slowed down the line tremendously - they really need to separate these two lines and bring extra people onto the desk when there's that long of a line waiting.  Once we got to our rooms, we found that our safes had been left locked and could not be used.  We called and were told someone would come up to open them - that never happened before we had to check out the next day.  In fact most things that we needed to call down for either took forever to arrive, or just never showed up.It was nice to experience this part of town, but now that we've done it once, we would not return.
4	I stayed here with my fiance this past Saturday for a night while in downtown Vegas.  After a long flight in and not too short taxi ride we were ready to get to our room and get comfortable.  Unfortunately the check-in line here took about 20 minutes to get through and its not like there were a ton of people in front of us, maybe 5 groups.  The problem was that they only had two people working the desk to check people in.  Thankfully this would be the only issue that I had with the Golden Nugget.  Whenever we finally made it to room I thought that it looked pretty large and had a comfortable bed.  Yes some of the prints on things like the curtains were pretty hideous but I don't need to like the decor for the room to be comfortable.  Since we were staying at the Golden Nugget we were also able to enjoy The Tank which is their pool area and one of the main reasons we booked here.  In the middle of the area is a humongous shark tank which a slide goes through.  Awesome.  The whole pool area is actually pretty although I wish the pool had better hours than the 10-5 that you are allowed to swim.The bottom line for me is that I would stay here again in the future.  Four stars for the only four star hotel downtown as the room was nice, The Tank pretty awesome, now if they could only cut down on the wait time during check in.
1	Negatives:09/13 2 Double's in Gold a tower stay:*Giant living Japanese roach x 1! (Was credited 1 night stay but I booked thru Priceline so I won't hold my breath)*A/C broken and moved me and my same sex friend into a King room w/tiny bathroom as they had filled up and had no remaining double beds while we waited for A/C repair. (Was credited $100 for inconvenience)*valet drove my car up to me with a complete flat and flashing Check Engine/Tire alert that I noticed immediately but apparently common sense evaded the Valet Mgr and he drove it on my rim!  They did pump it up and gave me directions to a nearby tire shop that did fix it for $15, my out of pocket.  The screw had gone completely through the other side of the tire since they drove it Flat!!!!  Call to Valet Mgr Nick went like this....."on your valet ticket it clearly states we are not responsible for any damages incurred while your vehicle is in our possession!  Would you like to file a claim with security? That process will take about an hour"!!! I have pics!*great pool & slide09/13 Gold Tower Chairman's apartment balcony jacuzzi suite stay:*Giant living Japanese roach x1! I have pics!!!*3 broken toilets ran ALL night*amazing balcony jacuzzi that they told us was off limits but...(who could resist and why????!)I will never stay here again unless I'm broke and Want to sleep w/roaches!!!!
5	Great service, Great food, and the pool is so much fun!always have and will stay here
2	The casino area is well kept up,the hotel is very nice this one of the best looking hotel in this area, they have an Starbuck in the lobby I tried to used my starbuck card ..do you know they said that I could not used it at that starbuck inside the Golden Nugget,I was not in the mood for an argument I just walk away.
4	I had a pretty pleasant stay-cation here, but how could you not when your two-night mid-week stay costs $100? It was G2E, couldn't find a room on the strip that wasn't $200+/night, so downtown it was.Beds are fairly comfortable, rooms are clean, and we treated it ultimately as a place to crash after going out on the Strip. It's definitely not the Cosmopolitan, but I'd stay here over the Imperial Palace (or Quad or whatever it is) any day. The buffet is sick nasty, but they give you a 2-for-1 coupon when you check in...if you're that desperate for food, it's not the worst. They also give out match play coupons, coupons for their shows, free drinks, you name it. They have to compete in a really saturated market, you know?The casino is huge and has pretty cheap tables if you're into that. Downtown is always an interesting cultural experience, and chillin' at the Golden Nugget is no exception....just ask my friend who walked through the casino swathed in a blanket from the Cosmopolitan at 7am.
5	spent a night in the rush tower.  it was fabulous!  clean and everything seemed new.  our reservation had four adults and three children.  no problems with space.  my uncle decided to sleep on the floor with one of my cousins.  they weren't gonna sleep blanket-less!  my aunt called & the housekeeping department was quick to bring comforters/sheets as requested.  i appreciated the fact that ventilation was good & it wasn't smoky at all compared to staying elsewhere in downtown, like at the california hotel.  i love downtown!  we did the fremont experience for like the 100th time.  my other aunty feels lucky at california or mainstreet so we walked it over.  very close.  in the morning we went to mcdonalds at the D, las vegas club for bagel chips and the beef jerky store.this is a great place if you're looking to stay in downtown.  i'm not sure about the carson tower, but to be safe go for the rush tower.
1	2 weeks after being promised a credit for 1 night, still nothing!!!  Was on the phone over 45 minutes with no results....
3	Good place to stay.. Away from strip but u wil have 24 hours buses to strip.. Shark aquarium is highlight for this hotel... Rooms r good.. U wil njoy stay
4	We stayed in the Carson tower! Room was perfect, no complaints, very quiet on the 19th floor. The aquarium/pool was awesome! Honestly, had a great experience here and what a nice hotel for being down town!
2	Ok we stay here every time we come to Vegas. Never were we unhappy about the hotel untill now. It started with our special comps expiring and them not honoring it!!! Like I said we stay here a lot. We spend a lot of money here. So we check in anyway and I ask for a view I got one the parking lot. The women who checked us in said she gave us a great view of downtown and she chuckled I should have had a clue. This was the start of bad service the whole stay.Lets start with the nonsmokers room that smells like a ashtray and the lack of water pressure wow nice.Did have a great meal at the Gotto but slow service and small portions.Crappy service threw the whole hotel!!!!Let me talk about checkout THEY HAVE A HIDDEN FEE FOR STAYING DOWNTOWN $5.65 A DAY YOUR PAYING FOR THE EXPERIENCE! Now 5.65 is not a lot its the point they said it was there as of July!!! Like that makes it alright lol.I will no longer stay here even though I love there pool area!!If you are thinking of staying here think again its not a good value for the money
5	Stayed here this weekend and have nothing but good things to say about the hotel! Lost power on Saturday (we understand things happen) and James at the front desk adjusted our room rate for the inconvenience. Thanks James! Beds were comfy, room was clean, and the pool/ water slide was a ton of fun,
1	This is the most disgusting hotel I've been to in my life. I booked a suite here because I wanted to take my son to their pool ...the "suite" is a joke, especially for Vegas standards. It is literally just two regular rooms, adjoined by a door, except one room is missing the bed and they call that a livingroom. No wonder I couldn't find any photos of their suites. Didn't have a choice but to stay here for one night but you can bet I canceled the rest! The lobby is literally riddled with crackheads and degenerates. I guess this is why people don't stay in downtown Las Vegas.The next morning, we decided to make the best of things and still go to the pool...  Well, we got there at 10am and there was NO WHERE to sit, and an obscene amount of people. The pool is tiny, and looked no where as cool as it does online. What a disappointment. Oh one good thing though... The hotel next door (walkable distance) had the most amazing buttermilk pancakes I've ever tasted. I would go back for them in a heartbeat.
4	Had a blast! As good as it gets Downtown! 4th stay with these guys and will go back.
5	I am going to let you in on a little secret:  You need not go to the strip to get the very most out of your Vegas vacation.  That is just a myth.  [Vegas vacations are too short to spend three hours of them walking up and down the strip and convincing yourself that that is entertainment.  Ugh!]Instead, what you need to do is to come over to the Golden Nugget on Fremont Street.  You'll be glad you did.  The pros:The pool ~ really liked it.  The Hideout ~ quit grumbling when the host tells you that there is a cost to this place.  It is worth it!  Very casual, exclusive, much quieter than the pool, with excellent poolside service.  Note to GN:  promote that cute and friendly waitress Cindy!  The slide ~ free, fast and fun.  The shark tank ~ very cool.  The loose slots ~ I had to do a few victory laps around them.  Note to GN casino manager:  Please never ever ever take away those older penny slot Progressive Blazing Sevens with the symbols that take over the machine if you get three or more with the max bet of $1.25  Those are my FAVORITE SLOTS.   Plus, the cocktail waitress came around with plenty of free drinks.  The spa ~ expensive, but let me tell you, Sally can do your hair in style! The hotel room was fine, clean and pretty much what we requested.  The cons:  The entrances aren't electric so you have to touch the germy door handle to enter.  I forgave them because, well, I mean, you know, I slowed down and made Ed open the door for me, plus I figured less rennovations = kinder slots.  And it did ~ woot!  There was no ramp to get into the lobby from the outside at our entrance.  This would make it difficult for somebody in a scooter or wheelchair.  Once in the lobby, there was a ramp into the hotel / casino area.  The carpet is very loud everywhere.  After a few hours, or shall I say a few too many from the aforementioned friendly cocktail servers, this pallet of never ending color can become problematic.   The spa ~ we thought Ed was going to get a female masseuse but they pulled the bait and switch on us, and he got a male masseur instead.  Ewwww.  I'm sure we'll stay at the strip again sometime, but if we do, I doubt that we'll have as much fun as we had this time staying at the Golden Nugget.  I can't wait to go back.  Just need to save a little bit more dinero ...
3	Recently stayed at this classic old school destination.  Every staff member I encountered treated me like royalty.  The room though, while clean and spacious, had a partially clogged sink and faulty shower faucet. I'd rate it 3.5 stars. Would definitely stay again.
5	As it being our first time in Las Vegas, this was a nice hotel to stay at. It was bright and grand from the outside, and fancy on the inside as well. It was a very nice hotel. I, as a kid, was most excited about the pool. It was a good sized pool, with a huge shark tank (well, there was more than just sharks in the tank) right in the middle of the pool, so the pool area kind of looped around the tank. The pool had a water slide that went right through the tank and you could see the animals through the glass. It was an interesting thing to do, and it was fun. The pool itself was nice, but there was cigarettes in the water.The room was nice, my siblings and I shared a room, and there was a door leading to the adjoining room, where my parents stayed. The door between the rooms stayed open while we were out and about doing things. Housekeeping didn't stop by one day, leaving us without shampoo or conditioner. 'The buffet was very good, for both breakfast and dinner. The food was good, and it was very clean. They have cold plates, for cold food items, and warm plates for warm food items. Overall, this hotel is very nice, and I would definitely recommend it to everyone planning a trip to the Las Vegas area.
2	I keep going back and forth between 2 and 3 stars....this is an affordable hotel, my husband and I paid less than $700 for 4 days, 3 nights + flight from Seattle....I think the hotel portion actually cost us like $30 a night! The room was clean, not overly modern or impressive but the bed was comfy and the water hot. We had a terrible view of a back alley- only good part was we could see a reader bord that displayed the outdoor temperature. The pool is the main attraction at this hotel. The shark tank was beautiful but I was personally disappointed that the pool is in the middle of the hotel. People are walking around all day, playing slots, eating and resturants and watching people sunbathing and swimming- kind of weird. I enjoy the hotel pools that look a little more tropical and so it's a relaxing oasis, not a ton of chairs crammed on a concrete deck inside a glass box for all to see. I spent about 2 hours at the pool every morning and found it filled up fast so I would grab some starbucks, suncreen, a book and head down as soon as it opened (10am if I remember correctly) to grab a seat. We were there in mid-April and I found only one side of the pool had sun in the morning, then the other side in the afternoon...bad set up. The towers shade the pool. The hotel (like most in Vegas) was kept very cool. My husband loved it and I was freezing. I also was a bit irritated by the people who stand at a desk near the Gold Tower elevators and try to sell you their timeshare speech EVERY SINGLE TIME you are going back and forth to your room. We did quite a bit of walking around in Fremont on this trip and I believe the Golden Nugget is the nicest hotel there. I personally do prefer to stay on the strip so I think a lot of my review comes down to personal preference. We also tried two of three resturants in the hotel; The italian place- run the other direction it was disappointing. Their signature steak house - it was delicious but super pricey and the wine list was like a freaking encyclopedia to flip through and finally their Seafood resturant, Chart House, I had the stuffed sole and it was FANTASTIC. My favorite meal the entire time we were in Vegas. I'd definitely go back! Overall, good value, I recommend it on a budget (or if you just really love Fremont), but if you have a little cash to spare I'd suggest springing for a nicer hotel on the strip. I personally love MGM but I'll save that for another review :)
4	Pretty nice hotel, rooms was updated recently. We stayed in the Carson tower since and the room was well worth the $55.00 plus tax that we paid. The pool and water slide was also awesome! The only downsides was the room air conditioner that did not seem to work very well, and the bathtub also had some draining issues. Other than that we'd stay again.
2	Eh.The hotel/casino are ok.   The newer tower where we stayed was nice.   The room was pretty decent.   The buffet was pretty nasty, although the pasta man was super nice.  Great guy.My issue was the customer service.   Seems like everyone we talked to there hated their jobs and were therefore unprofessional.    One of the valets simply stole the baggage cart we'd planned on using when we notified him that we'd be taking our own luggage in.   The desk people generally sucked and were short with us.Love staying in old town, won't be staying at the Golden Nugget again though.    Great location - I will give 'em that at least.EDIT** -- I forgot to say that even though I was up late every night gambling and enjoying adult activities ;^) , the music was super loud outside in the Fremont area, and the room was loud too.   Had to wear earplugs to sleep even when it was late.   That sucked.
5	I spent 3 days at this hotel recently.  The restaurants were very nice.  The valet was quick and easy to deal with.  The rooms were lovely.  I really enjoy being Downtown as there are many fun things to do in the area.
1	I understand that Golden Nugget could care less about my business with millions of people visiting every year and spending multi multi millions (billions) at their casino, but I still feel the need to express my dissatisfaction with my recent visit (actually still here).  To not go on and on I did place a few tips for you to read. The most horrible experience happened last night...so here is my warning.If you are a female and plan on coming here with your girls beware of your surroundings! My friend and I were harassed by homeless? Guys begging us for money while we were playing at a slot machine. When we told him we did not have any money he pointed to our screen and said "you have $80" and proceeded to insist we cash out and give him money. We told him "no", waited and cashed out and left very uncomfortable as we were walking away 2 other guys (possibly with the first) started to follow us. We sprinted to security who was less than helpful.  Unfortunately this is a theme throughout the entire casino staff.   If you are looking for a safe place to stay look elsewhere!
4	Right in the middle of downtown on Fremont Street, the Golden Nugget is a piece of classic Las Vegas!Staying here during a weekend-long event, the hotel and it's casino, pool, and buffet areas were 'home base' and 'ground zero' for a huge group of party-goers-- and since we had booked our room through the group's room block months in advance, the rates were pretty reasonable, too (not so reasonable outside of the room block, though: it seems that the Nugget was charging quite a bit more for whatever rooms were still available on the weekend we were there due to a festival going on at the same time).  Our room was clean, spacious, and comfortable, and the staff were great.The hotel pool here has been featured in magazines and television shows: it features a huge shark tank with a waterslide running through it!  A pretty amazing piece of work, and a blast to ride. :)  The buffet wasn't anything to get too excited about, but not a bad deal, either: all you can eat with a few cook-to-order stations for $13 on weekdays or with mimosas for $19 on weekends.  Of course, there are plenty of slot machines and table games in the casino here, too.  Fun place!
4	Downtown Freemont Street has come a long way since I started coming to Vegas and the Golden Nugget with its recent multi-million dollar make over is no exception. The new Rush Tower is the place to stay here. The rooms are nice (although sometimes there is a smell of sewer) and the views are stunning. The casino itself is fun with lots of things to do and look at. I play roulette and though I lost (Vegas wasn't built on winners) the experience of losing my money was fun. The bars are all legit but a bit on the expensive side for downtown Vegas. There are a lot of places to eat in the hotel and two different Starbucks to choose from. The pool is a fun area to hang out at but the slide made me nervous (sharks scare me) but it is very pretty to look at the aquarium from the outside. There are lots of chaise loungers and a hot tub. There is also an upstairs pool called The Hideout but it's $20 for a lounger even if you are a guest at the hotel. It's a smaller area but there are no kids allowed which is a plus.Whenever I come to Vegas and want to stay downtown, this is where I come.
4	We stayed in the Rush Tower facing Fremont street.  You could hear the music from there, but just barely.  We had a regular room, nothing fancy.  The bathroom was huge though with a double vanity.  The bed was comfy and the TV worked.  We didn't spend much time in the room, but overall it was pretty nice.  My only complaint is $12.99 per day for internet? The Casino was pretty standard with most of the table games.  The dealers were pretty friendly, but the pit bosses weren't.  I had much more fun at other casino's.  We didn't get a car so we took taxis everywhere.  The Valets did an outstanding job in my opinion.  They were extremely helpful and very friendly.  I would definitely stay here again.
2	My bride and I recently stayed at and were married at the Golden Nugget. We have mixed feeling about our stay.The service was lacking from check-in. Our reservations were screwed up and several individuals in our party, who reserved rooms, were placed in smoking rooms. Even though non-smoking rooms were requested. This was unacceptable considering one of our guests was pregnant. We stayed in the Rush tower. The room was ok, but extremely loud at night due to outside music. We dined at the Grotto and it appears there were only three people working: hostess, waiter, and a frustrated chef. The waitstaff was nice, but as we sat waiting for service, a chef who was placing chickens on a rotisserie, was dealing with a rotisserie malfunction. It kept making noise. He called maintenance and four men arrived. Amusing that maintenance men out numbered waitstaff . More poor service...At check in we received a coupon book. We tried redeeming a dining coupon buy one get one free and a hotel staffer crudely told us it was not valid. Highly disappointed internet service had a fee and the hotel actively has staff trying to sell timeshares. The wedding chapel was intimate and our wedding was handled professionally. The priest did a wonderful job. Following the ceremony, we went for a drink in the lobby. Unfortunately, my bride was carded which caused a problem since wedding dresses are full of pockets.They would not even comp me a diet coke. Slight disappointed the hotel did not even place a split or small gesture in our room. The pool was heated and very nice. It was one of the highlights of our trip.I will be looking elsewhere next time we travel to Vegas.
4	A lot of people seem to either like or hate the old Vegas. Me personally, I enjoyed it. It's cheaper for everything from rooms, to food, to drink. Not to mention this hotel is at the very heart of Fremont Street, which is why most people visit the old Vegas.Stayed in an upgraded room Gold Tower. First perk I noticed was the 24/7 candy/nut and water bar in elevator lobby on our way to our room. In the room itself there were  CDs, a DVD player, and an HD TV.The room itself was very ambient, almost posh. To give an example, the mirror in the bathroom has a TV in it. I don't see that kind of flair very often.The downside to this room was the tub/shower itself. It was difficult to take one due to the spacing issues and just seem to be broken down and/or not working the way that is expected of such.Other than the tub/shower issue, it was a pretty nice stay for $140/night during our visit. Will definitely come here again. And if you end up giving this place a try, dish out the extra money for Gold Tower rooms, they're worth it for the price.
2	This was our third stay at the Golden Nugget and by far the most disappointing.  We got married at the GN in 2009, spent our 1st anniversary there and thought it was time for another visit.  We booked a package deal for 4 nights.  On the 2nd morning my husband ran into housekeeping in the hall and they said they had us on their list as checking out that day.  Since our reservation was for another 2 nights we went right down to the front desk with our vacation reservation confirmation e-mail.  There, they were very unhelpful and accused our vacation company of sending them the reservation incorrectly.  The Golden Nugget said they could extend our stay at the regular nightly rate for our last 2 nights.  Obviously since we prepaid for a vacation package we weren't going to pay for the rooms again.  They said we needed to call our vacation company to figure it out with them.  So, we called the vacation company and they said they needed to get in touch with the Golden Nugget - I stayed on hold while they did this.  The woman kept coming back on the line to say that no one was answering at the Golden Nugget.  FINALLY 1/2 hour later, someone answered and they got it straightened out.  The Golden Nugget admitted it was a clerical error on their end.  So, we went back up to the front desk.  The clerk at the counter offered no apology and said our reservation had been fixed.  I asked to speak with a manager as I was unhappy we wasted an hour of our morning on their mistake (not to mention, had housekeeping not told my husband they had us down as checking out that day we would have never known! We were going to the strip that day, so would our stuff have been gone when we got back that night??).  Again, no apology until I expressed how disappointed we were in the service we were receiving regarding their mistake and I asked for some type of compensation - a room upgrade or something.  He offered us 2 buffet lunch coupons, which we were not interested in (no plans to eat lunch at the hotel the next 2 days) and then he told us that was all he could do and our reservation was fixed, so everything was fine now.  Maybe everything was fine on their end, but we left the desk extremely upset at their lack of empathy, inability to own up to their mistake and poor customer service skills.  At the end of our trip when we were actually checking out we were told there was a charge to our room for 2 nights at full price!!  They did fix this right away, but it was just one more example of their incompetence.Other Cons:  You have to pay for WiFi, but if you go down the street to the Plaza it's free and there are tons of places on the strip where it's free.  Rooms in the Carson Tower are dated and falling apart.  I understand it's the oldest tower, but some updates/upkeep would be nice.  Positives:  the pool, the super comfortable bed and the fact that it's downtownThis was definitely our last stay at the Golden Nugget which makes me sad because it is where we got married.  We experienced such fabulous customer service elsewhere during our visit that I couldn't imagine putting up with the less than mediocre service from the Golden Nugget again.
2	I've stayed at the GN numerous times in the past,  so I was looking forward to this stay but was disappointed.  First, the prices are waay out of line for a DT hotel.  Yes, its the nicest,  but $15 for 2 eggs and couple slices of bacon is a bit much for their Denny's quality meal. Wifi in your room will cost you an additional  $14/day.   Add to that, $10 well drinks from the bar and you begin to realize whose paying for the new tower and fish. The night club has a sterile divish ambiance to it, so much so,  that to try to charge a cover would be laughable.  Simply put: The place is now well overpriced. For the price tag, I'd recommend the strip.
5	I read the other reviews about Golden Nugget after I had already paid for my rooms..I was pleasantly pleased to find everything just fine there..Rooms was large, clean & no problems..We had 3 rooms & only 1 had to ask to have it changed & that's because it was next to a noisy elevator ..Both check in & check out was very pleasant.Had a great weekend. & will def go back..
3	Truly old town Vegas, right off of the Fremont Street Experience.  I can't say anything for the Hotel, but the casino has some first rate slot machines, all first run, all bright, shiny and some are even blinding (I suggest avoiding the crystal game near Godzilla).Lots of progressive slots. Some live entertainment - at least there was when i was wandering through, and she was damned funny. I noticed that it appeared to have gone a renovation recently and that's probably a good thing. Some lovely Chiluly glass in their eatery and above their high stakes tables brought out the "MONEY" vibe to the floor. If I get a chance, I'll come back and check this place out again. I Know for certain that the guys must love the dealer's. They're lovely eye candy in their red and black ensembles.
4	The sharks!...that was amazing, they have a shark tank where they throw their none paying clients.....no I am kidding!!!you can sit by the patio/pull and watch the aquarium...very soothing and relaxing.The best part if you like noise and traffic, next to the hotel is the largest screen anywhere in a form of a curved ceiling, where they show this fantastic acid videos with loud music...
5	Old hotel but a great hotel. I like going here in the winter because of the location, the pool is nice but a little compact feeling to me. The rooms are old school but up to date. We had a two story room that was very nice. This is an oldie but goodie.
3	Loved it! Rush Tower!!! I won't use the valet again, but everything else was stellar.
4	We stayed here for my wedding weekend in Vegas and I was pleased at everything.Service was great, the rooms were good.  We first checked in to our suite and it looked beautiful but smelled like smoke so bad.  So I went downstairs and asked to switch rooms, almost instantly the lady was able to switch us and was very kind.  The food here is good.  Must eat at Charthouse.  I enjoy downtown almost better than the strip because you can just relax.Would recommend anyone staying in Downtown or wanting to, to stay here.
1	I was SO DISAPPOINTED on my recent visit.I've been coming to this hotel for YEARS.  Always had great service.  This was my first stay back in 2 years and I couldn't believe how poor it was.First of all, the wait to check it was so long.  There was hardly anyone in line but there was only 2 check-in counters.  Not to mention- what's the point in having a check-in desk near the Carson Tower if it's ALWAYS CLOSED.Second of all, the check-in girl was SO RUDE.  We asked if there were any upgrades available and she flat out said no- didn't even bother looking in the computer and I know for a fact that this wasn't a busy weekend because I booked the room a few days before.The worst thing about this recent visit was parking.  There was NO PARKING even for hotel guests.  I don't know what was going on but the parking structure didn't even bother to put up the sign "for hotel guests only" until it was too late.  Even worse was the attitude we got from everyone.  The parking attendant was incredibly rude and said in a matter-of-fact-tone, "well if you check the website, you'll see that parking isn't guaranteed."  REALLY!?!  My bf spent the next 45 minutes driving around to the 'recommended' alternative parking structures at Four Queens and Binions.  They got mad at him because GN told him to try to park over there.  In the end, we had to pay for parking over at the ghetto Plaza lot.  Please explain to me why I, a hotel guest, should have to drive around the block several times then pay for parking at another hotel.  What is up with that?!?!In addition, the lady at the 24 Karat club gave me an attitude when I requested a replacement card.  Again, I haven't been here in 2 years!  Now I am seriously wondering why I bothered to stay at GN... I am so disappointed in the staff and service.  The casino is also smoky and cramped- the sports bar lacks decent seating.The only plus [and reason why GN gets ONE star from me] is that the rooms are pretty clean and nice for what you pay for.  HOWEVER!!! our room had mold and rust in the bathroom.  Pretty gross.Golden Nugget- what happened to you?!  I was going to have my next Vegas trip here and bring all my friends for the pool.  Now you're making me think I should go back to the strip.
3	As a not too frequent visitor to Vegas but going with those who know the area, we were urged to stay at Golden Nugget.I love the look, the staff for the most part, the features like restaurants and cafe, and the location.  The rooms are great and the beds are awesome and you get a really clean sense from the rooms and housekeeping is super.As a non-smoker, I did not love the smokiness in the casino.I liked the design of the pool area and that I could go outside easily to look for fresh air.  Operative word: look for fresh air.  What the heck: everyone in the Fremont Street area under that overhang smokes, I swear.  There were parents with little children and even young preteen children bringing them into this smoky area, which I would never do.It is really fun and really cool but the bottom line is that I saw kids coughing, and I was coughing and it seemed so many more smokers were whooping it up in here than in other places.Having just got over bronchitis it was rather touchy and I cannot say I would look forward to the experience again, which is mainly affected by my relationship with smoke.
2	Worst place to stay to wait 6 minutes to check out over phone is acceptable!!Can anyone say half the people that work here have no clue what they are dojng here how come the operator has no clue what the cost of buffet is?
1	HOLY CRAPBALLS was my time here wasted! If it wasnt for the pool I might have burned to death. I made the mistake of going on the 4th of July. The sink didn't drain and neither did the bathtub! The hotel was booked so we couldnt get moved. Then AC wouldnt crank down to even a comfortable temperature so we spent most of the weekend at the pool with the rest of the hotel it seemed. The one star is for the pool and the pool alone. The pool is VERY awesome! Also, we stayed in the Carson Tower, when we left to the strip for a bit we returned to a full garage. No biggie, we just went to the Rush Tower and surprise surprise they were full too. We had to end up paying to park in a lot that cost us 10 bucks and that was at least a mile away. With 2 kids, thats not a fun trip. I will not be staying there again unless it was free!!
1	VERY DISAPPOINTING EXPERIENCE!!  When I checked in at 4:00P.M. I was told the room I reserved was not available.  Only 2 double beds were available.  If I still wanted the King bed I reserved, I would have to pay $20 more per night!!!  I refused.  They gave me a room in the Carson Towers (rm 5121).  The sound and picture on the TV did not sync on some of the channels.  Then during the night there was SOOOO much truck noise...pretty constant.  The room itself was ok, but NOT what I had reserved.  I would NOT recommend this hotel as they should have "comped" me the room that they wanted $20 more per night!!  Their website does not let you comment on your stay...I guess they don't REALLY want to know!!
1	This review is for the Golden Nugget Poker Room only.  My wife and I both play Hold' Em and were excited to hear that the room had recently been redone and had gotten good reviews. We were, to say the least, disappointed.  While not unfriendly, the dealers seemed to be bored most of the time. The room is poorly lit and the lights tend to reflect off the cards so that it is hard to see the board without shifting around. Sometimes I actually had to get out of my seat to see all the cards.In one instance, the dealer "assumed" that I had checked when the action was to me and let other people behind me act. When I told the dealer about his error, he appeared rather miffed that I was upset.We will not be back.
1	Terrible service and total lack of hospitality.We were sitting in the Ice Bar when the Bar Back knocked my drink over. He informed the Bartender. We then went up to the bar to order another drink and was told that we were sh*t outta luck because we didn't purchase the drink from her.As a local we will never return and will make sure to let our friends know what terrible service we received
5	My husband and I stayed at the rush tower suite and had a perfect time together. The bathroom was beautiful with a standing shower and huge tub. The beds were super comfy. The staff were very friendly and the casino was tons of fun. They also have a shark tank which was neat. Can't wait to plan my trip back.
2	All downtown casinos are smelly filthy boring small crowded smokey dives not worthy of visiting.  This one is different.  Downtown Las Vegas draws the Walmart types.  This one is nicer, less smelly, more spread out, so you are not fighting with crowds.  If I'm forced to stay downtown, I would stay here.  But here's the problem, you still have to deal with Walmart type people as they are everywhere in downtown Vegas.
4	I was around here for business, not gambling, so this is mostly a review of the hotel.Ya know, for the price it's a GREAT hotel.  I found the rooms clean, nicely decorated, friendly staff service, good bathrooms and very comfortable beds.  The room smelled fine.  Free parking.  They build the "resort fee" into the price so there's no bullshit "surprise, it's $17 more per day!".Con:  -no free wifi (like $12 a day or something)-$20 per day to use the gym, but if you do you have access to the hot tub, sauna, really nice bathrooms with free-to-borrow robes, slippers, grooming supplies...a bit pricey for those who really want to work out several times but you do feel very pampered!Can't tell you about the casino floor but there were several good restaurants, nice sushi place, starbucks, etc.  Not to mention the AMAZING pool!  Where else are you going to have a three story water slide that goes through a shark tank?  No where else, that's where.  People love to hate on downtown casinos but I found the Golden Nugget thoroughly good for everything I needed.
4	I have not stayed here yet but that is my next goal. I love to eat here and gamble,  this hotel is so beautiful. I have gambled here b4 but i would enter from Fremont St and exit the same way this time we walked the entire hotel i was surprised that they let us roam the pool area, as we were not guest and anyone thats been to Vegas knows how most will not let u in certain areas, but we asked the guy stationed at the door if we could go n & take some pic he said sure.The restrooms r huge and always clean. This hotel rivals anyplace on the strip as far as the common areas r concerned, remember i havent seen the rooms yet, the shark and fish tanks the gorgeous decor, plenty of staff at every turn if u need something, and the free drinks while u gamble actually have alcohol in them i.e the rum punch is delicious, the nightclub,The Gold Digger music was da bomb, i didnt know any downtown hotels even had clubs and alot of stores inside if u like to shop. My next review will b after i stay here.
3	Its the kind of place you have to see when visiting vegas. It feels like... walking the streets of Vegas back in the 70-80's. bright lights and cool signs. I think the all you can eat buffet and interesting staff make this a cool place to visit.
4	Not bad at all!  We all know that there are a ton of hotel/casinos to choose from in Vegas, on and off the Strip.  In general, the more you pay, the better the quality.  If you're looking for a comparatively inexpensive but decent hotel and casino in Vegas, look no further than the Golden Nugget.  The rooms are certainly a little worn, but quite well maintained.The floor has quite a lot of space, and a good number of slots, tables, and places to sink your $$$ in style.  I had pretty good luck with the 25 cent machines this time. The buffets here aren't cheap, but the food selection, especially for the Sunday Brunch, was impressive.  They also have a pool with a multi-story water slide, a vending machine that dispenses gold, and no matter where you are in the hotel, you're never far from a drink.Minuses?  It's smoky, although that's de rigueur in all the casinos around.  Now really though guys, THREE DOLLARS for a bottle of Dasani water out of the vending machine?  Stupid!  You can get a deck of used playing cards for a dollar, but a 20 oz bottle for water for three?  Sheesh.I could go around quibbling about a dozen things, but what I really need to be focusing on in this review is how GOOD the Golden Nugget really is--and there's a lot if awesome here.  Looking for a spot in Vegas that won't break the bank (unless you let it)?  Want to bring the kids too?  Try the Golden Nugget.
4	As a hotel, this was a great experience. I was nervous about not being on The Strip but the price was right. My room was $60 compared to $250 at hotels like The Mirage.Likes:-My room was huge. King-size bed with enough room to easily fit two more in the room. It was also very clean and looked updated.-The pool. This was one of the main reasons I picked this hotel. Dislikes:-$12.99 for 24 hours of wi-fi is ridiculous! -There's a Keurig in the room that you're charged $6 to use. Skip it and use the Starbucks downstairs.-Security seems weak. Anyone can go upstairs to where the hotel rooms are.
4	Such a great hotel! Never stayed on this side of Vegas but would def recommend it. We stayed here New Year's Eve and did the party in the grand ballroom and the Fremont st experience. The band in the ballroom was awesome and the food was great. 4 course meal with seafood and meat and open bar with premium liquor!The doors don't open until 9 which I think should be a little earlier because I felt that we didn't have enough time to eat, drink, and dance. Would like an extra hour there. Right outside of the casino doors, there was a stage set up for Freemont at experience and blues traveler was playing! Great way to spend New Years!!The pool here is awesome. The Hot tub gets a little crowded and isn't as hot as I'd prefer, but it's open from 7am-2am! Not a bad way to end a night. The slide is worth every bit of shivering after. Even though the pool is heated it still feels pretty cold after getting out. The sharks staring you in the face while sliding down is un like anything I've ever seen. Pretty cool pool!!If you have never stayed downtown vegas, give it a try! Worth the $6 bus ride to the strip if you need to go.
4	Each year my friend's plan a large event and book a block of rooms in the Golden Nugget.  This was my first time staying in this hotel (I usually stay on the strip) and I was pleasantly surprised by their overall ambiance.  They have some great dining options (read: bottomless mimosa buffet), spacious and clean rooms, and a bad-ass pool area.Let's be serious, a slide that goes through a shark tank?  Yes please!  I'm pretty sure I went down the slide more times than any of the kids in the hotel...  And we never got kicked out of the pool area even thought we constantly took over the hot tub and adult areas.  Major props to their staff for putting up with a few hundred rowdy idiots.Notes: Make sure to put the "do not disturb" sign on your door or you'll be woken up around 9am.  Yes, I know that isn't early for some, but this is Vegas after all.  And more importantly, there are multiple towers, it is easy to get confused when coming in late at night...I'm sure we'll be back next year.  Already looking forward to the slide!
3	It's is a good hotel for those on a budget but want to stay on the Strip.  The Carson Tower room was clean and updated, just noisy.  Heard everything outside on the 10th floor.  The hotel and casino are clean, friendly staff.  Would recommend staying there.  The Grotto had excellent food and wine.
3	This hotel is just fine.  Nothing spectacular, and priced accordingly.  Most of the staff was friendly.  Downtown Vegas is great place to visit. I'm just not sure I would stay in this area again.  In the future I think I''ll just bite the bullet and stay up-town at one of the many luxury hotels, and cab-it to Fremont section for one evening.  Not trying to be a snob, but the crowd is a little on the rough side. This is a smokers paradise.  It gives you a flavor of what it must have been like 20 years ago in society. Unfortunately, we're not smokers so it was a little bothering. Again, it was good value, but as the saying goes, you get what you pay for.
5	I love this hotel. I usually stay in the Gold Rush Club. The rooms are VIP and you need a card to access the floor. The room is spacious. The King bed is large. There is a         safe and mini fridge in the room. I am not big on gambling but I enjoy the downtown scene it just enough drama for me.  Room service is not good. The food is always dry/overcooked.  I had leftovers in the fridge from the oyster bar but there was no where to warm it up.
1	Explosive vomit and diarrhea!Really wanted to like this hotel as it is a favorite of my parents.  Not sure how it got a 4 diamond review with worn carpet, tired room decorations (and we were in one of the 'upgraded' pool view rooms) - and one of the best - pay $10 for the pod coffee in your room.....Skip the $25 VIP check in too.  On the phone, we were told it included not waiting in line to check in or the buffet and access to the spa for basic things like the sauna - but upon arrival, that was not the case.  Front desk and check in people both on the phone and in person seem to be a bit flippant - not at all the customer service you usually receive at a '4 diamond' location.We had been together as a group of 8 people eating at all sorts of restaurants on the strip - then down to 4, having stayed downtown at Bally's and then our last 3 nights at Golden Nugget.  We all ate together at the buffet - nothing fancy but great service and great selection of food based on the price - also had a really great meal at the Italian restaurant inside of the Golden Nugget.  On Tuesday night, my girlfriend and I ate at Lilly's the Asian restaurant and had fantastic service and great food.  On Wednesday night, when we returned and got our vegetable rolls and Pad Thai to go, it was also great at 10:30 pm, but at 2:30am, that's when the trouble started.  My girlfriend was hit first with vomiting and diarrhea then it hit me 30 minutes later.  Lots of fun with only 1 bathroom.  I thought we were going to die - and this went on for hours.  When I could finally pick up the phone and report this to the front desk, I let them know what was happening, because we certainly wouldn't want anyone else to go through this.  I asked if someone could send up ice, water and 7 up which I thought might help with the constant and non-stop vomiting and diarrhea.  They acted like we were drunk or hung over (I think we each had a beer that day) which I'm sure they get a lot - but explosive vomit and diarrhea.  About 40 minutes later, room service showed up with a $38 charge for 3 small bottles of water and 7up in a carafe watered down with ice.  I signed the slip in desperation for some relief and thought we would deal with it later.  Front desk had told us we would need to do an incident report, but the thought of looking or talking to anyone was too much until  finally by Thursday night, we thought we could keep it together long enough to have security up in the room to do the report.  He apologized profusely and was wonderful, and when we told him about the room service charge, he said that was definitely something that should not have happened.  He said he would turn in the report and because it was the weekend, we probably wouldn't hear from anyone until Monday.Monday, Tuesday - finally on Wednesday we called and here is the response we received from Richard Smith, claiming to be the manger of risk management of all Golden Nuggets.By the way, we were only asking to have the room charge reversed.  As a courtesy, they should also have reversed at least one of the room nights.  Nothing doing  - without proof - just our word against his.  We calmly mentioned we owned a restaurant and knew the importance of safe food handling and that given the rapid onset of these symptoms and that NO ONE ELSE in our group had these symptoms, it was from something that was contaminated, cross contaminated and / or someone didn't wash their hands.  Without a doctor's report, nothing he could do.  I mentioned we were basically trapped in our room and couldn't leave, we missed two shows we had paid for on Thursday  night, and reversing room service charge seemed like a reasonable request as did reversing one room night.  Nope.  Not without a fecal sample.  So while I am finally feeling back to usual as of yesterday - nearly 7 complete days later - my girlfriend is still not feeling well.  I asked if I could speak with someone else as I really could not believe this was his stance and he said no - he was it.   He actually said that we should have gotten the water, ice and 7up ourselves, which I replied we had thought was a really bad idea since we couldn't stop the bodily fluids from coming out both ends and thought that would be bad going up and down the hallways.   I calmly told him I would definitely be escalating this and writing on line reviews warning others about this horrific customer service and I was told to be careful, they take liable very seriously.......
5	This hotel is awesome. My boyfriends dad bought us two nights in the Rush Tower and I have to say I was very impressed! First off the all the staff members were very friendly and helpful. Our bags came to the room fast and when I called for a wine opener It came to the room very quickly! (I like fast and friendly service). The room was amazing and spotless! even though we were only on the 8th floor we still had a view. The bed was heaven. I loved that there was a huge area for me to get ready and do my makeup at. A big bathroom is always a plus as well! Theres a few places to eat in here so we didnt even really leave the hotel because everything we needed was pretty much in the hotel. Every hotel I've stayed in has always had some kind of disturbance in the middle of the night or early in the morning, I was so happy we didnt have to deal with any of those at this hotel! Its hard for me to sleep/relax with my medical conditions so being woken up in the middle of the night always pisses me off when I stay at hotels. We couldnt hear any noise in our room and it was so peaceful! I love this hotel and will definitely return for any of my future vegas trips. The only downside I can mention is the casino did not seem well ventilated compared to others I've been to and I'm very sensitive to cigarette smoke.
2	Our non-smoking floor was smoky. Even found ash on the floor by our door. Seemed like the air system was bringing some smoke in to the room.  We were in the new, Eastern upgraded tower.  We left a day early- which was hard because the rates were great and the rooms were big and comfortable.Enjoyed the regular buffet- it was tasty with many options. Rosie's service was general very slow and sometimes mediocre as was the Rosie's food.We chose this hotel for the Atrium and pool.  The pool was not as warm as we'd like, although it was manageable and a lot of kids were having fun. Kids were NOT allowed in the Jacuzzi and this was a big disappointment for us.The arcade was fun, but a little smoky too....
4	Looks like this place recently had renovation work done and it looks awesome. Cheap gambling and food as well. Crazy how in January they have the pool open. The big slide looks really fun to go down since you slide through the fish tank-- looking forward to visiting here in the summer.
2	We booked this room at the last minute because we decided to stay an extra day.  This is what I would call CLASSIC Las Vegas!  Definitely old Hollywood Glitz and Awesome!!!  When we arrived we paid extra for VIP treatment...which essentially consisted of bottled water, roasted peanuts and M&M's.  Granted it was an easier checkin there wasn't anything major that made it worth the additional expense.  Then we get to the FIRST room.  There are no robes as stated on the website.  So then we go to use the bathroom and find what I can only assume is puke or fecal matter all over the bottom of the outside of the tub...OMG DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!  Seriously I was horrified!!!!!!!  Then we go to log on to the WIFI which was spotty at best and find out there is a freakin $12.99 charge PER DEVICE!!!!!!!!  WTF are you joking?!?!?!?!  So we go back down to VIP checkin and show the woman pictures of the craziness we found in the room and she is unable to upgrade us to a suite so she discounted our room rate to $30 and gave us a new room!  Awesome right?!?!?!  Well yeah til we got in the SECOND room and there is GUM on the wall!!!!!  What the actual F????  We go back down and the woman apologized but really didn't seem all that concerned with our problem.  We were able to find a cleaning woman who removed the gum for us but seriously....this place needs to have a serious chat with the cleaning staff here!!!!  Overall the beds were comfortable and the experience wasn't heinous.  It is right on Freemont Street which was AWESOME and a perfect way to end our trip!  My experience at the Nugget ended with a FABULOUS SURPRISE...when we went to check out using the TV in our room our bill was - $ .58....so basically the comped the room!!!  They really did go the extra mile to try and make up for some of the issues we had!  If you are looking for a place to crash, this place is perfect...it is stumbling distance from all the action and for the most part a great place to stay as long as you can get past some of the cleaning problems or get them to fix it for you.
5	Ok after reading some really bad reviews i was a bit afraid to stay here but i was determined to give this beautiful hotel a chance and boy was i glad i did. Im going to start off with the only downside, when they say 3pm check in they mean it, we arrived Sunday a lil after 1pm and couldnt check in we went and killed time by having some lunch. They called my cell at about 2:55 (LOL) and said our room was ready. It was f** amazing. It was me and my 3 adult daughters, every employee that we came into contact with was nothing but professional and accomadating. We stayed in the Rush Tower Jan. 19th for my bday. They gave us the VIP treatment from beginning to end. I really like that u had to insert your room key to get up to your room, no key, elevator wont move.The rooms were unbelievable, large, clean, modern and,2 sitting areas with large comfy chairs. Bell service, ppl that actually open the doors for u every time u come and go. Our room included a safe, FREE wifi which worked better than at home, fridge, access to the gym etc. Complimentary robes,slippers,kcups,Fiji water,snack bar with apples,trail mix, nuts,candy. The bed was so plush, the pillows were like sleeping on clouds. Nightly chocolates on our pillow. We will definately b back
4	We enjoyed our 3 nights here.  They have some great restaurants and the location is perfect if you want the Fremont street experience.  Nice staff, but getting assistance on the phone was lengthy both times before reaching someone.
1	It has been over a year since writing the last review, and I wrote that post immediately after I returned.  A lot happened after.  A week had gone by, and had no response from the Las Vegas Police.  I ended up calling and leaving emails till they responded (took 5 days).They put a detective on the case, and left me a voice mail saying that the Cameras in the hallways are not turned on.  They are actually fake cameras.  Only the casino cameras are working, no surprise.  I also wrote a review on Trip Advisor about the robbery.  5 people who saw my review contacted me that they were robbed the same way: While they were sleeping in their room. Robbed on the first night of their stay, because you would be carrying the most amount of cash.  Around a holiday or an event happening in Vegas.  4 of them were on the same floor and tower in a span of 6 years.  All of them did not have a chain lock or deadbolt on their door, until they were relocated to another room.  After reviewing some of my photos of the first day, we did not have a chain lock on our door either.   The Golden Nugget didn't do anything about it, and shrugged it off.  The corporate office also gave the runaround.  I had some time to reflect on the incident.  The robbers were professional about it.  They lined our bags by the bathroom door, so they can use the light to go through the bags without it being bright in the room. The room was also pitch black because of the curtains.  The money and casino stubs were in multiple areas.  I found my wallet was on the nightstand, but I do remember leaving them in my pant pocket on the floor.  Which means they were that close to us.  They did not steal our cell phones or credit cards, because they can easily be traced. Looking back, after we went to the front desk to report the crime, the clerk relocated us to another room.  We went back to our room to gather our stuff, and became locked out, because they room key became invalid.  We called the front desk, and they sent a security guard to open the door.  She said that she could see the history of the card keys used with her electronic device that unlocks the doors.  She just paused and said "oh..." and opened the door.  I never got an answer, because that's when my girlfriend realized her Macbook Pro was missing.I'm not going to make any accusations, but this is a little too coincidental.
4	Since its renovation, I believe this to be the best hotel casino in downtown Vegas. Best swimming pool by far because its huge and has a 3 story slide that goes through a fish tank! I've not booked a room here but I've partied at the pool during the summer. If you're staying in downtown Fremont during the summer, I recommend checking out the Golden Nugget pool and see for yourself!
1	After staying at the golden nugget many times over the past ten years I will no longer stay there. We incurred a clogged sink after a few mornings and reported this to the desk. Upon returning to the room prior to dinner the sink was half filled with sludge after what appeared an engineer attempted to fix it. After again calling a manager engineering again came up to the room and while we went to dinner he attempted to fix the mess. When returning to our room we found the sink still clogged and sludge within inches our toiletries kits. We don't know if some it splattered on them. A note was left to have us change rooms. All we were offered was a credit for one night out of our four after our health and welfare were compromised.  The quality of this hotel in service has continued to go down. We ate at the buffet for dinner on Sunday night and for $24 wasn't acceptable. The main coffee shop on the first floor has been closed for over six months and the hotel has limited places to eat.
4	I along with 2 other people stayed here in the Carson Tower Deluxe double bed room. The casino smelled like smokey soapy air (not bad, better than just smoke) so we were scared that our room may smell like that as well. First we checked in at the self check-in kiosk. Our room was on the 10th floor and as soon as the doors opened from the elevator we smelled no sign of smoke! we were so happy, the entire floor smelt clean and was tidy. Then we got to our room it was pretty nice, very clean. We had a clean, smoke free environment right on Fremont street. The parking structure was easy to get in and out. We also ate at the buffet on Sunday morning $22 champagne included. everything was good service was great and we were seated right at the wall of windows overlooking the pool. I loved that we could see the water slide and the fish swimming in the tunnel! Check-out was easy too just head back to the kiosk and your out in a jiff.Thank you golden nugget for a great time! I will be back!
1	We stayed at the golden nugget, feb. 8,9,10, five of us. It took us awhile to figure it out , their slot machines don't  pay nothing, absolutely nothing. Nothing to keepyou around, not even little something's  to keep you playing. Well, we just ambledout the door to greener pastures and slot machines that weren't so tight. We're fromout of state, just thought of giving people heads up.
3	I was surprised at how updated The Nugget is now! Looks good and got a modern facelift.The Pool is the Crown Jewel here in my opinion, hands down. Even the Casino Floor restrooms are super nice and very clean. My only gripes are the Valets are not very organized (one guy told us to pull up one place and then walked off and then another told us something completely different); The girl working the Ticket Sales needs to get a personality, she seriously came across as the most indifferent, inconvenienced human being on the planet and it seemed like every word she spoke to us was agonizing; The smoke was just overwhelming, you can smell it the minute you walk in the door and my clothes smelled like smoke the rest of the day from just being in the lobby to buy show tickets!
2	I really wanted to like the Golden Nugget as it is literally walking distance from the World Market Center. I did walk it once.I gave the hotel 2 tries because it is so convenient when attending a furniture market and I would love to see the reviviification of downtown Vegas happen.  But I had multiple room problems and the GN mgmt kept having to move me from room to room, till I said 'no more.' If I stay again:-In the Rush Tower, I will book a high floor NOT facing Fremont St. Otherwise the noise and reverberation is unbearable--despite soundproofed windows etc.-Carson & Gold Towers--they only have wired Internet & it costs extra. Forget about using your Macbook Air unless you have a mobile hotspot with you. -Unfortunately they really jack up their room prices during the furniture markets, so I probably won't be able to afford the Rush Tower room, anyway. They upgraded me to one because of my previous awful experience at the hotel, but it was overlooking Fremont St. and I couldn't sleep at night-Carson & Gold Tower rooms have no desk, just a little table--difficult for working-Carson & Gold Towers have sewer line problems. The sink in my Gold Tower room became completely backed up with sewage. The Carson Tower room had extremely slow drainage in sink and shower as if it was about to back up any minute. I would say that those two buildings need completely new sewer lines or major major sewer work.-Safe malfunctioned in Gold Tower room and they wouldn't fix it unless i gave them a 1-1/2 hour window waiting in my room for someone to come fix it,  which I couldn't do-Choice of food in the hotel is low quality unless you spend really big bucks at that steak house-My coffee is important to me--I noted that the Rush Tower room had free coffee the Carson & Gold require you to pay $10 for a box of Keurigs to use their pot-The Fremont Street Experience is really honky tonk and not someplace a single woman should wander alone in the evening. Dining out there is awful too-I like that the elevators in Carson and Gold Tower had NO music playing. -I found the people at the front desk and the rest of the staff very helpful and accommodating through all my travails at their establishment. Too bad the room experiences were pretty horrible
1	We were here for 3 days and had 3 rooms....if we could have left after the first night we would have! One room had both the shower and the sink back up, our pillows smelled like perfume, and the toilet when flushed made a loud screeching sound....awesome...not to mention the clump of long black hair on the floor....beautiful, then engineering coming to the room in the morning and telling me that he thought the room would be on fire based on my message to engineering...besides the terrible waits and lack of service at the restaurants.....I also had to endure horrible customer service from the front desk when they charged me wrong.  Chelsea at the front desk was impatient, snippy, and down right rude.  I complained about this to the assistant Manager, Bryan Cruz who apologized profusely but I strongly think that my issues aren't going to be acknowledged by anyone.  Stay at a motel 6 before your come to this "hotel"-trust me!!
5	I love this place. I have only been here once but I plan on making this hotel my choice when visiting Vegas. I usually stay at MGM or Caesars but after staying at the Golden Nugget one time I was blown away. Great service and services.
1	Close to downtown if that is where you need to be.  Cheap room.  Terrible food from room service, raw steak full of grizzle.
4	We are frequent visitors to Las Vegas and stay exclusively at the GN; rooms are clean, staff friendly, great restaurants on property and location is perfect.
5	GN is my favorite downtown hotels. I like that it has 2 Starbucks, that it's right in the middle of downtown and that it is the nicest hotel in downtown. I like the rush tower if it's just the hubby and I but with the kids, I prefer the gold tower. I normally don't win here so I don't gamble here. Claim jumper should be opening soon so I will have to try it when I go back.
5	Pros: Great customer service, clean big room, top notch pool with shark aquarium, relative low cost rooms without strip fees, walk out to Fremont StreetCons: No free Wifi, smokey casinoI expected the casino's to be smoke filled. The hotel was great. The hotel looks refreshed and modern. Will visit again. I really want to say the customer service was great. Genuine and not forced smiles. I appreciate the dealers took time to give advice on craps, didn't make me feel like an ass when I made mistakes. I felt like I was on vacation and my wife love it too.
2	Review #10No one at Carson Tower front desk at 12am.  This is Vegas. Should be 24 hrs. Hotels in small towns have 24hr service.  You have to go to Rush or Gold Towers to check in to Carson Tower then haul your luggage back over again to Carson.Room shower doesn't work & no rooms left. Waiting on maintenance since 1:25am & its now 1:57am.  So far not looking good.  Not worth 1 star so far.Room view is nice of moon & strip.  But no shower water!  I'm tired & on DC time in Vegas. So my body clock is at 5am even though its 2am Vegas! I have a friend's wedding to attend in 12 hrs & need sleep & a shower before the wedding.Update:  shower working but water still dripping badly when you turn it off, no matter which way you angle water knob.  I told front desk this but no maintenance ever came to fix it.  I will give some good points though & up the stars to 2.5 for the rest of the hotel, not the room & extra charges for tea & coffee, Internet use ($12.99 for 24 hrs- quite outrageous when other hotels include free Internet), & $4 for a small bottle of water.  Go to Walgreen's 2 blocks from hotel to buy water, noise for construction, since I'm a nice person, & hate to give bad reviews.   The location is great for Old Vegas & you can walk out of the hotel to Fremont Street which is crazy, but a must see.  The restaurants & bars inside the hotel are wonderful & the famous, largest "Golden Nugget" is showcased here. I'll write more later, but I must go run errands.
4	A very classy Establishment..I'd go as far as saying one of the best in Vegas..Rooms are always, always, clean and wonderful...the lounge and pool areas are classy and immaculate..Definitely a great value for what you get! They also give you a nice fun book that has lots of coupons and discounts..When I decide to stay downtown, this is my go to hotel!  I truly wish that they were on the strip!
4	This place was very nice! The atmosphere was very happy and friendly! I recently visited the Golden Nugget on Fremont when I visited Vegas in Feb. 2014! For the first time ever! It was very nice clean, would definately go back again soon!
4	Ahh, the Golden Nugget, we had our ups and downs during my 5-night stay, but overall you treated me very well. I really dig the more down-to-earth, old school vibe of Downtown Las Vegas compared to The Strip, and the Golden Nugget is the nicest and most complete casino in the area. Many components come together to make a full casino experience, so I'll review each of the components individually.The Rooms: Unless you are spending a lot of time in you room - and this is Vegas, so you shouldn't be - a basic room is the way to go. And their basic room in the Carson Tower is nice. Ample space, nice TV (that I hardly turned on), a good bathroom, and clean with upscale decor. No free internet is a minus, but even after paying for internet, the rooms averaged out at $65/night including taxes and resort fees. However, they were doing work on my floor that week - running new phone/internet cables - and the noise woke me up multiple times. (Yes, I was sleeping until 11AM, but I mean, this IS Vegas) I know casinos never close and this was probably factored into the cost of my room, but I could have stayed at another place Downtown for cheaper with no construction. 3.5 Stars.The Casino: This is the most complete casino in the Downtown area. Their Poker Room is a bit old school, but still nice. The dealers there are generally nice, fun people to be with, and there is a nice variety of people coming in. Tournaments are run three times a day. If poker isn't your thing, they have a load of slots and table games throughout the casino, including both poolside and in their lounge where live music is frequently playing. Regardless if I am staying here or at another Downtown casino, it's a given that I'll be gambling here. 4.5 StarsRestaurant Selection: Golden Nugget is owned by Landry's, who owns such posh restaurant chains like M&S and Morton's, so it's to be expected that they do high-end well. The problem is that most people staying Downtown are looking for value. I'm sure Vic & Anthony's and Chart House are good, but those aren't places for an "everyday" meal. The Grotto is pretty good - it's not cheap eats but it is moderately priced and a good value for what you get. I thought the Happy Hour specials at Red Sushi were good. But for late-night eats your only option is The Grille, a small counter-service establishment. It was decent, but you don't get that classic Vegas 3AM dive/diner experience. 3.5 StarsThat averages to a just under 4-stars, and I'll jump them up to 4-stars for genuinely nice and efficient customer service and an excellent pool area that allows one to get some rest while nursing a hangover after you have checked out and are waiting for your flight. (For example) If you are looking to experience the value and classic vibe of "Old Vegas" but with a touch of class you get from The Strip, Golden Nugget is the way to go.
2	Sigh. I've stayed at Golden Nugget several times. My experience is never consistent. I generally opt for Rush Tower because of their big bath tubs but if your on the Fremont Street side of the hall the room is very loud. This last time we stayed in the Carson Towers. My main irritation is that after my friend and I left the Golden Nugget this time (we stayed two nights) we were both covered in bites! I had 10 different bites all over my body and my friend had 20! After we notified the Golden Nugget their incident report representative did not take our concerns seriously. Saying that they did not find any bed bugs, that no one else has complained so there's no way we got the bites from the hotel. All I can say is I don't know where we both got 10-20 bites all over our bodies from- maybe it's something in the air. Plus of Golden Nugget is the pool- kind of small but the shark tank is neat.
3	I was looking for a cheaper place to stay on this trip because I had just gone to Vegas last month. This trip was to pick up my in-laws as they were visiting friends in town. Looking around, I found a great package deal from Orbitz that included 3 nights stay for two rooms and an SUV from Hertz. All for $500. Valet parking was quick and efficient. The front doors aren't automated, so you have to manually hold the door open if you have a lot of stuff to lug around. Checked in to the hotel, and the front desk girl was fine. Really no chit chat, just all business. Not super friendly like most of the strip hotels, but not rude either. Almost impersonal. We were given two adjoining rooms with double beds in the Carson Tower. This is where it got crazy. I know Vegas hotels are huge, but didn't expect it in downtown. Our rooms were literally the furthest you can get from the casino floors. But I guess for the price I paid, I expected a not so great room. But that was a trek to the room! Seriously, why aren't there two separate banks of elevators. I counted...after the elevator ride, i turned a corner 5 times!Rooms were clean, but too much open space. I feel like there should be more furniture or something. Clean beds, clean bath, flat TV, really nothing more you can ask for except maybe a mini fridge.Casino floors were very busy, and very smoky. Typical of downtown hotels due to their low ceilings. Lost money here. Construction around and outside hotel, so beware of that. Also, they charge for non-guests to park on property, which is a bit odd. Also there are 2 starbucks on site, but hit up the Dunkin Donuts at Fremont for better coffee. You can get Starbux anywhere.Probably won't stay here again. Downtown scene is not for me.
3	This was my first time in Vegas. I got a great package deal from Expedia for flight+3nights for 2 people at GN for $550 so I cannot complain, we got what I paid for. I got a great deal and  GN is a decent place. It is not the strip, so don't expect it to be a nice high-end place. A lot of older, older, folks stay here, but I did see a lot of kids enjoy the pool as well, so over all it is a family friendly place. (Which confuses me because Vegas is not for kids, I mean there are naked pictures of strippers all over the ground when you step out on Freemont St or go to the strip)...If you cannot afford to drop $1,600 for the strip I would say the GN is one of the nicer places on Freemont to stay. Cab rides to the strip are $20 bucksCab ride from the airport to the hotel is $30, but if you catch a shuttle I think it was $25ish for two peopleIf I could do it over again: Stay one night at Caesar's Palace and call it a day. 4 days in Vegas was too long for us.
2	We booked 14 rooms for a wedding.  The rooms were great, the restaurants were great.  Because we aren't "high rollers"  or members of the players we were not treated very well at times.  My daughter got married at The Historic Fifth Street School on March 1, 2014.  It is barely 2 blocks from The Golden Nugget.  We asked for a limo to take the wedding party to the venue.  I spoke to 4 people and was told by each one that they would not provide limo service (in the middle of the day on Saturday) because we aren't members of their players club and are not high rollers.  We are, however, locals.  This is how you treat locals? After the wedding we asked them to send a car or limo over to pick up the bride and groom, they refused.  We have charges  to our charge card that aren't ours.  When a guest arrived they were asked to pay for one of the nights we had pre-paid.  Customer service is lacking in some areas.  The valet guys were great. Many of the employees don't speak English, makes it hard for them to answer questions.If you are a "high roller" this is a great place for you.  If you aren't you will be treated like a second class citizen.  Go to the strip, you can do better than this place.We used local businesses for every part of the wedding.  The Golden Nugget was the only business that did not treat us well.
5	this yelp is for the faboulous cocktail waitress bella who does a fantastic job...within a few minutes of my family and i having a seat at some machines (they paid out as well) bella arrives to save the night, she had the drinks coming one right after another ---of course we also tipped her everytime (huge reminder to those who do not tip---always tip the waitress/server) need less to say we all walked out winners and bella had me feeling tipsy.. thanks again bella ur the best !!
3	The Nugget is a totally decent option when staying in Vegas, especially, if like me, you've seen enough of the Strip for one lifetime.  I love Fremont Street (the lights!  the colours!  The vintage signs!  The pancakes at Dupars!) Rooms at the Nugget can be had for under 75 dollars on low season weekdays. Our rooms were about 50 bucks a night when we stayed in early September, which was fine and dandy for the quality of the rooms.  We stayed in the old Carson Tower:  The room was quite large by Vegas standards with a view of the pool area and Fremont street.  Beds were big and comfy and the air con worked.  Yes, the fixtures were a bit old and we experience some problems with the lamp lighting, but that's to be expected at that price.  We didn't eat at the Nugget because there were plenty of good, affordable options around (pancakes!) Weather wasn't great so we only used the pool twice.  The slide through the shark tank is super fun but in general the pool area is disappointing.  It's overshadowed by buildings most of the day, with the few sunny spots all taken up.  The main pool is cloudy and filled with kids while the hot tup is full of skeevy looking folk necking coronas.  If you're looking for class, you ain't going to find it at the Nugget, but if you're looking for a cheap, comfortable place to crash, it does the trick.
5	I've stayed in this hotel in various towers for over 10 years. I think the price and location cannot be beat. This was the first year the front desk was nice at check in and I keep coming back. That shows you how much the hotel has to offer. The pool is wonderful and not too big like the mega hotels on the strip. We used Priceline this time and that added a great deal to our savings. Stay and play as a family, couple or girls weekend.
2	Nice hotel outside. Pool is really nice. Casino is nice but the layout is so confusing. Checkin was so confusing. The tower you book your room is where you checkin. When we finally found our tower, the checkin was closed so we had to walk back to the front and checkin.Room was horrible. I thought someone was staying in my room. The iron board was still out, an empty of water was on the desk, 2 of the Lamps didn't work. My room was next to the elevator and you can hear the elevators in the elevator shaft. The elevator closest to my room, you can hear the door open and people getting in and out. Not my idea of a nice hotel.
4	Initially booked a room at Golden Gate but they were overbooked and walked us over to Golden Nugget next door. Funny thing is before they walked us they said that they would waive all of the resort fees. When we walked over and asked Golden Nugget front desk to confirm they'd waive the fees, they said they never had resort fees to begin with! Haha. As far as the hotel, it's a good place to stay if you have kids! There's a swimming pool in the middle of the casino that the kids can hang out in while the adults gamble or drink on Fremont street. The standard rooms are nice. This particular night we stayed in the Carson Tower and it was somewhat of a long walk to our room since there are so many rooms in the casino. I personally have seen the suites in golden nugget and it's a great place to stay if you're looking to book a night with a bunch of friends.
2	The shark tank was neat the pool is basically a small very small lazy river, it's no surprise that it's crapy lifeguards letting kids act out, throwing hard rubber balls around one hitting my daughter pissed me off I was done! The room was dirty hair and food pieces left around, all around look at the pool and that's all
2	We just went to the golden nugget for St Pattys Day and upgraded to the Rush room.  It was a nice room but right outside our window was the stage, with music that gets louder as the night goes on.  I know, your not supposed to stay in your room in Vegas but when you start a pub crawl early, you want to go to bed early.  So, word to the wise, if you want some sleep do not upgrade your room....
1	Called few days in advance and asked if non-guests could use the pool.  Sure the lady said for $20 a person.  No problem and even told her what day we would be there and that we would be there before noon.  Got there and was told it's $175 for non-guests to use the pool...OMG!!  After being there and seeing the state of the place and how gross and crowded it was so happy I didn't bother with their pool.
4	Pretty nice hotel. Wasn't expecting much when we walked in but was pleasantly surprised. My gf and I may even stay here in the future.
4	I love this place!  Its ever changing and upgrading, probably the only hotel downtown that does.  Just went last weekend and had our usual clean room in the Rush Tower.  They have once again renovated and are set to open up a new "Tequila Cantina" and Claim Jumper restaurant.  Unfortunately, we were a little too early to enjoy these new places.  Staff is always super nice and helpful.  Will continue to be a patron for many years to come.  Keep up the good work!!
5	Golden Nugget is the gem of Downtown LAS Vegas!I stay there for a few nights every couple months.  I'm pretty cheap and like to get more bang for my buck.  I stay in the Gold Tower, which is VERY nice, and is right off the casino floor.As I noted, I'm pretty cheap, instead of wasting my money on room service etc., I go to the ABC market that's just a few steps on Fremont.  I buy my food and drinks there.  The money I save goes to partying.The Gold Tower rooms are reasonably priced and luxurious (comparatively speaking).I should remove a star for the crappy "band" they now have at the Rush Lounge.  The entertainment was 100Xs better before.  The past seven years I've been staying there (on the regular) has been a wonderful experience.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating.Update 12/12/14:  Golden Nugget brought back the great classic rock/rock & roll band to the Rush Lounge.   The name is *Rock This Town*.  Thank you Golden Nugget for bringing them back :-)
1	Stayed here again for our 20th anniversary as it was cheaper than the strip, we paid for two in addition for our friends. I booked the rooms 3 months ahead of time and when we checked in they did not have the king sized bed I requested. No apologies from the guy behind the counter, he just said "maybe tomorrow we will have one". So we slept on a full sized bed for three days, it was not even a queen! Most of the staff was not very friendly.
5	This is my absolute favorite hotel in Las Vegas.I love the location of downtown Las Vegas. It has not one, but TWO Starbucks in the hotel.You go out, and you are right in perfect area of Fremont St. The customer service is amazing there. Rooms clean. Love the casino. The pool area is the BEST!The shark tank that has a slide in it. The 1st time you go down the slide it's so fast. You don't when get a chance to notice anything. Next time you go on the slide you know when to slow yourself down a little bit so you can look at the fish around you. :)I love this place.
1	Went to Las Vegas with a group, to visit a convention in town. So I made our reservations, to hold the room. And was told that it would cover the first night! all is good right, wrong. We checked in and told them we are splitting the room charge and the stay, they took both credits cards,and said it will be done !  We Checked out on Sat. 4/5/14 they split the bill, took our credit cards ,and split them. Never saying they are only splitting the second  night ! So ,just so you know, if you are using your  credit card to hold the first night , you will end up paying for that night ! And if you hold more ,rooms your stuck. Only way , I found out was 2 charges for one stay ! And the lady at the Nugget , said what do you want me to do about it! Then she tells me I'm not the first one that said something. Really !!!!
3	doesn't include free internet with stay.room is big but a bit out datedno coupon booklet or anything special when check in.No! I won't be back again (to stay in hotel) I would rather stay at downtown grand.
3	If I would have wrote this review right after check in it would get 1 Star. But the staff and amenities changed that. Check In : We arrived at 9am and went to check in to see if we could possibly get into our rooms early (We had 5). They told us possibly by 11am. Normal check in is 3pm. So we checked our luggage and went to gamble. Came back around Noon and stil no go on the rooms. Okay, no big deal. Came back later and see a long line. So I get in line and see group after group leave with room keys. Get to the front and they tell me our rooms still aren't ready. I asked how is it possible that guests are walking in off the street and getting rooms and rooms we've been waiting for 5 hours still aren't clean. The frond desk clerk gave me attitude and eventually we got our rooms, ON 3 Different Floors. Casino : The casino is small in comparison to the ones on the strip, but it's great and every dealer, waitress, etc was great. We all had a blast.Pool : The pool is amazing, it's beautiful. We also loved playing BJ and Craps out in the beautiful weather. The prices on alcohol are a high but actually pretty reasonable as far as Vegas goes. And of course don't miss the slide through the shark tank. All in all it was a great time, we were here for my 40th bday and it was amazing. If not for the check in mishap I would have gave the Nugget 4 stars without hesitation. But if you are going to stay downtown, this is the place to be.
3	They have done some great updates to the casino. Looks much newer, the pool area is great with the new aquarium slide. The sushi restaurant is decent. Downtown Vegas is always fun.
4	The Grille is great for.a late night djnjng experience. Had the Philly steak and cheese with potato salad..Husband had buffaLo Wings with fries.  Well worth the price.. only recommendation is they keep it clean (e.g. tables wiped, floor swept, trash bins emptied)..
5	My personal favorite hotel in Las Vegas! I have stayed here so many times on a staycation that I can't even count. The Rush tower is beautiful, the rooms are fab! I love the pool, even though it looks like a bowl of people soup, it's packed and still fun! The bars are great, I love all the restaurants, gambling is great, the location is awesome to all the downtown fun going on. I could go on and on how much I love the nugget.
3	We stayed in the Carson Towers, which is the older section of the hotel. The air conditioner in our room was extremely loud, no central air. The room was ok just slightly outdated but clean. The pool and shark tank  were great but you have to get your spot early before all the chairs are gone (seems by 11:30 they're all taken/reserved). Friendly staff, decent breakfast buffet. Good cocktails poolside.
3	The hotel, casino and restaurants were nice enough to have earned 5 stars if only the customer service has not been lacking.First vacation for my wife and I in over two years, we had a couples massage booked for the morning of my birthday that Golden Nugget cancelled due to the couples massage room betting flooded (or the ceiling having caved in depending on who we talked to). We understand these thing happen, so no biggie. Asked the front desk what they could do to make things right, seeing as how this had all been planned and paid for over two months in advance and we got 3 days notice on the cancellation, we were given the extension number for the spa director (who was half-way across the country in Biloxi) and told to leave her a voice mail. When we complained on the Golden Nugget Facebook page we were given an email address for the same individual. Shameful customer service making the customer call/email somebody who isn't on-site to help at the time. Just a tip for any Golden Nugget representatives who read these reviews, a customer who feels they've been wronged generally won't complain unless they feel really strongly about it. If they do go to the trouble of complaining, please listen to and address their concerns rather than giving them a phone number or email address of somebody else so they can handle it. The only time you should give a complaining customer a name, phone number and email for somebody else is if they ask for it. Otherwise, take care of their concerns and they may be a customer for life rather than go to the trouble of writing bad reviews of your hotel on Facebook, Yelp, Yahoo, etc.***UPDATE***I received an email reply from Ms. Taylor, the spa director. She handled my issue with the concern and empathy that I'd expect from a customer service professional and offered a resolution that my wife and I agree is more than fair and gave us reason to give Golden Nugget a second chance to make us a customer for life.
4	This was my 1st time ever staying downtown and boy has my opinion changed! The nugget is MUCH nicer than I ever remembered! The Charthouse restaurant inside had a lovely lunch menu with a floor to ceiling aquarium. The pool area has been completely redone with a slide, shark tanks and outdoor black jack tables. I stayed in the Rush tower with newer rooms that were beautifully done... Leather sectional and very chic modern decor. I'm going back in June and staying here again... Can't beat the price!!
4	Stayed at the Carson Tower with my wife and 6 year old daughter during her spring break ( Tuesday - Friday in mid April).Arrived Tuesday around 4pm and the check in counter at the Carson Tower was closed so we had to check in at the Rush Tower which is about a 2 minute walk.  Apparently, this is pretty common so don't be surprised.The check in areas featured self check in Kiosks, but I did not use them.  Check in took about 3 minutes after a 10 minute wait.Our room in the Carson Tower was clean, fresh smelling and definitely no-frills.  There was no microwave, refrigerator or Wi-fi available in our Carson Tower room.  The room includes a wired Ethernet port that requires payment as well as a coffee maker that also requires payment if you use the provided coffee pods.  The room size is standard and everything worked fine (air conditioner, shower, sink, TV, etc.).The donut shaped pool is very nice with a shark tank in the middle and waterfalls spaced out around the pool that you can swim under or walk through.  However, the pool is small for the occupancy of the hotel so it will get crowded during holidays.There is a small Arcade room near the Carson Tower elevators that feature an Air Hockey table and some video games.  The Air Hockey cost $1 per game.Overall, a nice hotel that was reasonably priced ($60/night for weekdays in mid April).  Most hotels on the strip costed about 2.5 to 3 times that amount.  The Golden Nugget is a hybrid between a cheap downtown hotel and fancy strip hotel.  We will likely come back.
5	Wow, can't believe there is a such nice hotel & Casino in Down town Las Vegas, I love this place so so much, especially the pool is next to Shark Tank, very chill and relaxing. Love the Asian Marketing Manager "Gina" , she is very friendly.  5 stars
1	Stayed at this hotel for a work trip because of the location and for the price. It looked like a pretty nice place, however, once I checked in and walked up to my room, I realized I was very wrong. Upon pulling down the sheets to jump into bed after a long day, I noticed that there was a giant blood stain all over my sheets. I called down to housekeeping to see if they could change it, and they laughed and said  "oh it's probably just a rust stain, but would have someone come up and look." Even if it was just rust..disgusting. After the woman came in to the room she noticed too that it was indeed not rust. How the person cleaning the room didn't notice this when changing the sheets will forever be a mystery to me. Who knows what else is not actually cleaned in this room. Highly suggest you think about staying somewhere else.
1	I guess it depends on what your style is...Cancun all inclusive versus Maui pool side. If you like less expensive and can deal with the poor ventilation and average customer service this place is decent. The pool up top was nice and is worth the $20. RESERVE EARLY BECAUSE IT WILL SELL OUT AND YOU WILL BE PISSED THAT YOU didn't. The strip is just so much cleaner and the restaurants are so much better and by the time you take a cab over there you might as well as paid the extra $ to stay at Caesars. I've stayed at Caesars, Palazzo, Venetian and the Wynn. My recommendation is to stay at one of those! Enjoy your vacation.
5	Golden nugget in down town Las Vegas is amazing hotel casino, nice and clean. Live the shark tank.
4	I didn't stay here just gambled in the casino. I was very surprised on how nice the staff was. This casino had the nicest cocktail waitress, casino floor supervisor, security guards. It really caught me off guard how friendly everyone was. I liked the free black jack and craps lessons they gave in the morning. The craps table was a lot of fun as the dealers have a lot of personality.
1	We stayed at The Golden Nugget for three nights two of those did not contain sleep. The first night the fire alarm went off at 3:30am and everyone had to climb down stairs and out of the building to be evacuated because an idiot had access to a fire extinguisher and set it off on a fire alarm. Luckily after twenty or thirty minutes the elevators were reset or many people would have been walking back up the 22 flights of stairs... The  third night  a real jerk two doors down starting kicking or punching the door while yelling, he forgot a key. Security was called and they tried to deal with him but it still took a good thirty minutes for them to get him out of the hall. Paying for the coffee in the rooms that are no frill to begin with is greed its coffee standard in any hotel I've stayed in. It seems they charge for everything and anything.  I will not stay here again, as much history is here Management has really let this slip away...
4	We stayed one night in the Carson Tower between a few days on Lake Mead and a few days at the Grand Canyon. I am a fan of the refurbishment they, and really, all of downtown, did. The last time I was in Las Vegas, downtown was dirty, run-down, and it certainly wasn't anyone's idea of a destination. The Golden Nugget has managed to maintain it's Old Las Vegas feel with New Las Vegas amenities. The addition of an awe-inspiring amount of Dale Chihuly glass lights and sculptures doesn't hurt. Neither does the pool area with plenty of lounge chairs and a three story water slide through their shark tank (which in and of itself, does nothing for me.). The hotel opens onto Fremont Street and all that it has to offer.The rooms were clean, the beds were new, and the shower was hot. Our room was far away from Fremont Street so we traded a view for peace and quiet. (Good trade.)There is no concierge, so getting any questions answered quickly is impossible. The front desk couldn't even tell us how much the buffet was, so we went elsewhere for dinner. On the other hand, the valet and bell services folks are top-freakin'-notch.All in all, a great experience and I would stay here again without hesitation.
1	If you are a non smoker pass this one by. Smokers everywhere including common areas. My nonsmoking floor has smokers. Upon checking out, the desk clerk double billed for the room, so myself and my friend were charged extra for the crummy experience. Watch your bill!  I won't be back.
5	My absolute favorite hotel in VegasThe restaurants are awesome, the gaming floor is clean and big, the clubs and bars are great.I stay in the suites in the Rush Tower -- highly recommended.TOP NOTCH PLACEThe Tank is awesome too.You can't go wrong here.  It's better than the Strip
3	If it weren't for the great location right on Fremont Street we likely would look elsewhere, but for the price you can't beat being this close to the action.Room was clean and updated.  Pool was over-crowded.  The walk to the check-in desk then to the tower was longer than desired, especially with a lot of luggage, but there's only so much that can be done.Chose not to gamble there.  Too many better places to do that.  And standing in a smoke filled room didn't sound like fun.
5	We were here for our honeymoon, and I could not be happier about where we chose to stay!  We were in the Rush Tower, all renovated and non-smoking!  Very pretty, clean rooms, I was super impressed.  The pool is awesome.  The casino is HUGE.  I wish we could have stayed much longer.  Can't wait to go back. 100 A+++++
3	First off, it is Vegas, so I realize they charge more for stuff, but let's be reasonable. The BAD:- $10 for coffee you brew yourself in your own room- $13 a day for WiFi (even though there are free ones intercepting theirs)- They do not assist you with public transport- The pool closes at 5 pm. Seriously. I'm barely drunk by then. I get off of my work schedule and cannot even enjoy a swim.- One bath robe. The one place I ever wear a robe and we had to share even though we had multiple people in the room.- No noise control. 6 rooms down a bachelorette party was up all night screaming with an inflatable penis.- No shuttle service to the airport.- Broke my finger trying to push the buttons on the remote. The GOOD:- Location. It was right in the heart of downtown next to the RTC stop which takes you everywhere- Not a very rowdy place.- Housekeeping was awesome. They were always a few steps away and were very quick and did not ask questions when the BF and I had an unfortunate flooding incident in the bathroom. What happens in Vegas really does stay there.- The pool when it is open is pretty awesome. They have live sharks. - The buffet was a decent price and the food was good.
4	We did not stay here but visited on a trip to Fremont (first time seeing it). I was expecting it to be shabby and old but it looks like there's been some recent upgrades. The place was surprisingly nice! We ate in the Cadillac bar and the food was good (terrible service) and then walked around. The pool is amazing! We both wished we'd been there during the day to check it out. The shark tank looks cool too!
2	Just arrived today and I had high hopes for the GN Rush Tower but the relationship between us turned sour as soon as we tried to check in. Room not ready? Sure we'll wait - and thanks for the offer to call us when it's ready. I love great customer service. Three hours later? No call. Boo. Ok, I let that pass. Checked in our room and it's cool - much more modern than the old tower for sure. Nice. Unfortunately safe was broken when we tried to use it, but it's ok, per front desk, housekeeping and security - maintenance will fix it. Thirty to forty five minutes later? Nada. Okaaaay. Patience. Finally just left the room and cancelled that request. Decided to sit outside at one of the hotel bars to relax and people watch, and I think you can write the rest of this review. Hello, Haydee - we'll complete your first day with us by introducing you to our prize Super rude waitress. And this is coming from an ex bartender and hospitality worker. I know customers can be arse-wholes - I get it! But come on Golden Nugget. Get your shit together. I'm here two more days! Will update review after I check out.And now...I'm breathing. :)
1	HAD BED BUGSThe room we stayed in had bed bugs.  We did not realize we had been bitten until we got home.  My friend and I came from 2 different states on 2 different planes.  Now I realize this isn't necessesarily an indication of cleanliness however was NOT impressed with how their "RISK" Dept. handled it.  After they verified the room had "bug activity" in both our beds,  it was insinuated we could have brought them.They claim they only found one bug but that's doubtful as my friend and I both had over 100 bites.  Never once did Richard from the RISK Dept. apologize that this happened but even after I called back twice there was never a return call.  At the very least they could have returned our $ from the stay.  We both put out several hundred $$'s in prevention methods ie; bed bug covers ect..... And we still live with the fear we could have brought them home because it's just been a month.  Avoid this place like the plague!  There are plenty of nicer places to stay in Las Vegas.  Have stayed at the MGM Grand twice and can guarantee this would have been handled differently there as that's a classy place unlike the Nugget.
4	AMAZING HOTEL, AMAZING SERVICE, AMAZING FOOD!!! However the pool staff can be a little less lazy and pick up te trash. Its's such a beautiful pool, but I was saddened for how poorly it's cleaned.
2	I went here as a staycation on New Years of this year. I could have had a free room at the Plaza but I chose here since the room included tickets for the Fremont Street celebration and I've always wanted to stay at what everyone says is the nicest place downtown. I was disappointed. The room was run down. The bed was an adjustsble mattress but it wouldn't flatten all the way, they offered zero discounts to any of their facilities, there was no view and the walls were thin so you could here every word of your neighbors. We had coffee in the room but they did not refill it on the second day. There was a mini fridge which was nice.I'll stick with the less expensive more recently renovated properties.
1	Absolutely the cheapest hotel i have ever stayed at. The rooms have terrible chanels they charge for internet and coffee, they wont even let you in the pool area with a beverage unless it is purchased in the pool area. I actaully bought a drink from  their shop and they still would not let me bring it it even with a reciept.  So dont stay here unless you enjoy pulling out your wallet for every single thing. And being treated like a theif
4	This is a great hotel, I guess they've been in business that long for being above average. The pool is great, the rooms are nice and it clearly is a great experience every time.
2	I was really rooting for this hotel. I came up for Memorial Day weekend for Punk Rock Bowling and was expecting much more based on reviews from my friends.I originally booked a double and when I checked in I was given a king bed, just one. I was told that they would "graciously let me have a roll away bed for free for this night only". Um, so they were doing me a favor? No shit it should be free, they already messed up my original reservation. After arriving to the king room, there was blood in the bathroom. 2 large splats on the door. I walked downstairs to talk to the manager to just let him know how disappointed I was within the hour I had arrived. He said there was nothing he could do but said he could send someone up to clean the blood. So wait, did they not clean it before? I laughed. He then said he could give me 2 free buffets even tho I was with a group of 4. He said he could move me the following day in the afternoon to which I agreed.Following day, we moved to the double. Yay, we're happy. Then we decided to order some grub. If you look at the cover of the room service menu, it clearly says that if there is something you would like that is not on the menu they will do their very best to accommodate your needs. My sister who did not want any red meat, asked if they could make a chicken sandwich for her since it's not on the menu. The lady replied no but they had chicken pasta. Not the same thing at all. My sister then asked, "Well can you just make a chicken breast for me and bring me a bun?" The lady replied no. At that point it seemed like the employees there were intentionally trying to piss people off or just be rude.The next day, we ordered another round of food, late night. We called around 4 am to order food and within a second of hanging up we decided we wanted to cancel. We called and asked the lady to please cancel the order and she got very angry with us and told us the order had already been placed and there was nothing she could do and then hung up.Overall I was VERY let down. I had high hopes for this hotel. The pool is super cool, although small, it has a cool slide through the shark tank and good drinks, but, I will never reserve a room here again. Ive stayed at the el cortez and the D and the customer service at those hotels far surpassed my expectations. I felt like everyone at the Golden Nugget hated their lives and those of the people staying in their hotel.DO NOT STAY HERE! STAY AWAY!
4	We only came to the casino but had a great time playing 21. Our dealer was so helpful and gave advice on what to do. She really made us feel welcome and comfortable since we aren't regular gamblers. If you are going to gamble downtown this is the place to go.
2	Disappointing all around. I had high hopes given the history of the hotel and many of the reviews I read online. The rooms were decent with the exception of the incredibly noisy air conditioner, but the distance from the hotel lobby to our hotel room was a little annoying especially since the elevators we either not working or way too slow. Just to get down and out to Fremont was a 15 minute ordeal. There are other hotels on Fremont that much easier to navigate. The hotel staff were not very welcoming or helpful. I felt as if me checking in was a problem for them. We had issues with our room safe. From all the times we have travelled with room safe issues, we can usually call and then leave if there is nothing in the safe and they will come when they can. However, we did not know this is not the policy at the Nugget. It took almost a full day to get them coordinated enough to replace the battery of our open safe. All in all, I wouldn't recommend anyone to stay here. We gave it a shot for the sake of the pool, but with the lack of chairs available and slow staff service, I wouldn't do it again. If I want to go I will just pay to get in. I will just go back to the hotel I prefer on Fremont.
1	We stayed here recently and when we got to our room we saw feces on the toilet and throw up on the floor.  They did upgrade us to the gold tower but didn't get much sincerity after that.  Tried contacting their customer service department several times and they have yet to email me back. The one redeeming factor was the pool ...loved the slide and the fish tank. The room was cheap so I probably shouldn't be picky but at least I wanted a clean room to go to. I have pictures but don't worry I won't gross you out and post them
4	When vacationing in Las Vegas I try to book hotels that make me feel like I'm somewhere else other than at home in the Islands. Places like the California cater so much to the Hawaii visitors that a high percentage of their patrons are from Hawaii. Don't get me wrong....there's absolutely nothing wrong with that...my Mom loves this place... It's just my personal preference and besides I like gambling and meeting family and friends there. The Golden Nugget is where I prefer to stay while in the downtown Las Vegas area.  The Golden Nugget offers rooms that are a step up from most hotels in the area and conveniently located a short walk away from the Fremont Street Experience and other hotels.The Shark Tank and pool area is also a plus along with the cleaner and less smokey casino area. The live entertainment near the casino adds to the excitement for the gamblers with hopes of hitting the "Big One". Dining choices here are pretty good and the overall customer awareness above average. Even though the Golden Nugget is nothing like staying at one of the  plush newer hotels on the strip I think it is probably one of the best inexpensive places to stay and get the total Las Vegas experience in the downtown location.
4	Debating on 3 or 4 stars here but we did really enjoy our stay, a few things though were off putting.$4 mini water bottle in the hotel room, no thanks.Also no thanks to the $12 WIFI offered.Parking that needs to be validated every time you leave or else pay to park, annoying.Other than that, big, clean rooms, descent bars and dining options, great shark tank pool, good location right on Fremont Street which was a great change from always being on the strip.Service was so so. Needed a late check out, they tried to give me a hard time, then gave in.Needed my two nights stay split up in two bills, again first a hassle, then I got it.We paid around $50 a night which is a great deal, especially considering the entrance to the pool when not staying at the hotel is $30.Had a great time here and would have no hesitations coming back again!
4	We came here over spring break with a $40 per night deal, and got 2 rooms. Yay for inexpensive family vacation. The best thing about Golden Nugget is its shark pool. My kids would have been happy as clams just staying at the hotel and playing there. Unfortunately it was cold and really windy, so windy the pool had to be closed a couple of times.The rooms were really nice. You can still catch a whiff of cigarette smoke despite them being smoke-free because, hey, you're in Las Vegas. I didn't like how they didn't have many places to eat inside. Two or three restaurants were built but closed and had signs that said something like, "Coming soon (hopefully)." They do have a buffet and they gave us some 50% off coupons. Go early to the breakfast buffets because there's a long line. They also have a Starbucks inside, near the pool. I didn't like the location much. Downtown, despite the "Fremont Street Experience," is still pretty gritty. My older kid was covering my younger kid's eyes a lot. There are a lot of street performers or costumed people hanging out and posing for pics, and some were really not trying, like an ate-up looking man in a very dirty (like, actual dirt) drag costume with no make up on. Another was a man in a thong and a cowboy hat. A couple of showgirls were hanging out and they had the most clothes on. Ha. I didn't expect it to be totally sanitized, but the area is still pretty seedy. So I'd go if I wasn't planning on leaving the hotel (we only left to find food).
5	Great hotel, awesome casino, fab room service!  We always book a suite in the gold tower and everything is always wonderful here!  My husband got us a cabana on this months visit and it was the best experience at a pool I ever had, could have been that u have to pay to enter that top level so only a limited amount is allowed and under sixteen not allowed either.  YAY!Will always love staying here!  Best place to stay downtown.
4	We decided to give the GN another try and while things were far from perfect there were a lot of positive changes.First and foremost check in.  Last year was an awful experience.  This year Jacob was so pleasant, informative and seemingly happy to be dealing with us.  He easily and without pressure sold us an upgraded room, to which we became very appreciative as time went on. An A for Jacob!Our room was on the 23rd floor.  Nice view, which we were hoping the upgrade would give us.  The room was as spacious, well decorated and impressive as we remembered it.  It probably isn't as nice, nor as big overall as the rooms at Encore (where we went after our GN stay) but it is the same class all the way! It gets an A!The Hotel as well as all of Downtown seem to be improving rapidly!One of my big concerns last year was the pool and while I still have issues it was better.It appears they are addressing the raiders from the other hotels downtown by checking keys.  But it still seems they are offering local families incentives or something as the families and couples were everywhere.  Now I didn't check everyone of course, lol.  But I did strike up enough conversations from which I form my opinion.  Further, the big, unsmiling and intimidating bouncer checking the room keys ALWAYS checked my key but I noticed two groups of folks about his age go through  ahead of me with very 'familiar' conversation taking place.  Hmmm.  Also, there is an unguarded door by one of the restaurants that was used quite extensively by folks.The pool is still very dirty by the end of the day but is clean by the next morning.  All of than sun tan lotion and in and out to the slide is hopefully the culprit.Lastly the adult pool seemed like a bad joke.  They charge 16.00 a chair, needing reservations.  Fair enough.  But the place looked MORE crowded than the regular pool, lol!  The only difference was the lack of kids.  Seems like a better idea to make it more exclusive even if that means charging more.In closing, the staff still has it's share of grumpy Gus's - the attendant at the spa who didn't even care a little about discussing massage options for my wife with me and he even argued with me aggressively about some meaningless point (???) -but there were more than a few really pleasant staff members (like Jacob) and that attitude goes a long way.  I hope the Nugget continue the trend.
4	It was my first time staying downtown, and I was very happy with the place. If you are going to stay downtown , this is the only place to stay out. It seemed so much cleaner and classy then the other Fremont street casinos. The food at claim jumpers was good, and the dealers are all very nice. The room was very clean and the bed was very comfy.
5	Great Hotel, Great staff, great location....This hotel is everything I was looking for in Vegas. The fact that you don't have to walk 4 miles to go from your hotel to the restaurants and then to the pool was the best part. Valet is FREE, the wi-fi not being free is not an issue as my phone has free Wi-fi anyway.  The price of drinks and food will more spendy than back home, WAY cheaper than any other Vegas hotel.   The pool OMG was to die for, the kids had a blast, and yes.. there was a lot of kids but guess what adults.. You have two upper decks with your own pool areas.. So why are you complaining about too many kids in the pool?  I was able to get up by 7am to throw a towel down on some chairs to reserve them for later, but I felt bad for the people that walked around forever looking for an empty chair. The pool was over-crowded people were sitting on the ground....I saw like 4 fights about people reserving chairs with old towels.. I say, quit whining, get up early and do the same thing :)  My kids and I had a BLAST, great hotel, great clean comfy, quiet room, all in all we visit Vegas like 5 times a year.... We will be back!!Finally, Fremont Street is amazing and WAY more fun than the strip! Free concerts, street performers, etc.... We will never stay on the strip again!!
3	This was our third stacation and we decided to stay in Freemont this time. We chose Golden Nugget for the pool. The pool it self was small, but it does have the tank in the middle of it. It's nearly impossible to find a chair during the day, never mind needing two in a row for your family. We stayed in the golden tower. The room was ok. It had a musky smell in it. More than likely it use to be a smoking room but isn't any more. The beds weren't the best.  The a/c barely kept the room at a desirable temperature. The bathroom was your standard hotel bathroom. It was clean and had granite counter tops. The room did have a nice big flat screen tv, but not a lot of channels offered. It was a good stay, but we probably wouldn't stay here again.
4	Love all the renovations they did. Best hotel in downtown. Rooms are a little on the old side and very simple, no luxury here.They have two pools that are amazing. Beautiful shark tank right inside the downstairs pool. Tons of pool lounge chairs and fresh beach towels available. There's one hidden away upstairs that stays open until 2 or 3 am, which is later than most other pools at other hotels. Food - sushi at the smaller sushi restaurant was not good...something you could get premade at 7-11. Lobster Bisque at the Grotto gets a 5 star rating. Vic & Anthony's pretty good depending on what you order.This is for the ballers on a budget who don't mind staying off the strip.
3	Nice renovation to an old hotel. Good rates on room. We rented a cabana at the pool & were way over charged but it was an okay overall experience
1	I have stayed at the Nugget several times over the past several years as I like the Fremont experience over the Strip. The service over my stays have always been inconsistent. Over Memorial Day weekend 2013, I payed an enormous amount for a Spa Tower Pool View suite. It wasn't ready for check-in when I arrived, which was fine as they told me they would call when it was ready. They hadn't called by 5:00pm, so when I returned to the VIP check-in, the manager rudely told me that there were no guarantees on check-in times, and they would call me when the room was ready. I finally got to check-in after 6:15pm. I wrote off that experience due to the busy Memorial Day weekend. However, after my last visit on 6/13/2014, I think I'll to stay elsewhere. I booked a Gold Tower suite and it was a slower weekend, so check-in was no problem and the room seemed fine. I was only staying one night for a quickie trip, as I often do. But when I got up to get ready for my early flight, I was covered with bed bug bites. I had no time to contact management due to my 9am flight, but based on past reviews, I doubt it would have mattered.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE!!I do not care if it is in downtown Las Vegas. I loved the Golden Nugget!Where to start!, we'll they have such a beautiful chandelier in the lobby, the valet is so nice, I stayed in the newest towers in the VIP they have treats and water each time you get out the elevator the rooms were so perfect they had free wifi they have such a nice Shark Tank it is so fun, it's not only just for kids but for adults. The casino was very nice they have a bar and they have the est chicken wings ever! I loved the room service I loved this hotel so much. You will too
1	Not enough security in the gold diggers club. We were attacked by a large gay african american and a small gay hispanic. Security did nothing. I do not recommend going to this establishment.
2	The very best hotel downtown and the best pool in vegas that's the good. The bad is you can tell the attitude of the employees comes from the top management.  They simply don't care if you have a problem I have been staying there for years but will not come back. They act like they are doing you a favor by you staying there and if you have a problem they do there best to show phoney concern then do nothing I emailed them after one particular stay in which I dealt with several rude employees and the never even answered so long nugget
3	The GoodThey have a Claim Jumper's in the hotel with normal Claim Jumper's prices and for $5 you can get room service from anything off the Claim Jumper's menu.It cost me a $133 a night which was a good deal for the weekend of Electric Daisy Carnival.They let me check out at 5pm for $28.They have a self-serv kiosk for checkin with no lines.The BadEven though I put the privacy door tag, I was repeatedly bothered by the house-cleaning staff.  Please educate them that privacy means do not disturb.Also, the power outlets are inconveniently located.  I had to move my mattress to charge my cell phone.  I was in Carson Tower 383.The Windows are really thin so you year all the outside noise like car alarms and people honking their horns out of frustration for not being able to find a parking space in the structure whose capacity can't handle the capacity of the hotel.When the lot is full, you have to pay $5 to park at the Plaza hotel a block away.ResultsI docked them 1 star for the constant interruptions by staff.  I was at an all-night music festival so the last thing I wanted was to be interrupted multiple times while trying to sleep and having a privacy sign on the door.I docked them half a star for the power outlets and another half a star for the parking situation.
4	Great show: Gordie Brown. !!!! 6 plus times we have seen his show.  Buffet is excellent. ..a few dollars more includes show tickets.
1	The property itself is a star here thanks to Steve Wynn and investments since. It would rate a 4. Unfortunately the management and staff are a zero, so on this scale they are a 1.  The owners are a mediocre restaurant chain that specialized  in highly marketed properties with huge volume and crappy product to the masses. They run their GN hotels with exactly the same philosophy. They DO NOT know quality, nor how to run a hotel AT all. Lobby?  Filled with a line of people waiting forever to checkin. Why?  Poorly trained staff, barely at a minimum. Don't want to wait 2 hours to check in, then u could pay their $35 VIP! Can u spell ripoff. The staff is right out of Dick's Last Resort, obnoxious, mean, wishing they were not there. I would say this was a staff training failure, but clearly they are not trained, beyond giving them a manual.  Example, just one out of many, upon checkout (another long line in crowded lobby) the valet watched as I loaded bags into car. When my wife asked whether they no longer do that FOR guests his answer was epic: "only when asked." That is the GN experience in a nutshell. Horrible attitude, minimal staffing, no management who knows better. Do not expect much, and you will not be disappointed.
1	If I can give less thsm one star I would. Bags were lost and bell hop took forever to put our bags in our car. Hotel gave me the runaround. Almost missed my flight.
2	Awesome shark pool kids loved it! But I have to say not impressed with the room and maintenance.. Called maintenance at about 9:30 pm because it was kinda warm and the ac wasn't really cooling maintenance man came and said "honestly that's as cold as it will get these ac units are old" don't get me wrong I understand it won't be like the South Pole in here but it felt like 80 degrees all night found it very hard to sleep... #disappointedatthegoldennuggegthotelandcasino
3	I was on a road trip and decide to spend the night in Vegas, I usually stay on the strip but I sometimes like to check-out the circus on Fremont street. I called about 1:00 pm to reserve the room no problem.  When I show up at the parking garage the  attendant told me I was not on the guest list they had given  him that morning and he would not let me in. They should upgrade their system to keep this from happening. Now am a little  pissed at this point. Not a good way to treat guest.  I parked at the four queens next door for  4 dollars, and walked back to the nugget to check in. This turned  out to be a good thing, I won 180.00 on a slot machine in the four queens as I was walking back to my truck.  I did my gambling at the four queens that night   Now the good. The golden nugget has the best rooms on Fremont street, even the Carson rooms are good size and clean with flat screen TV's. When I'm with my wife we stay in the Rush tower, these are very nice rooms.  We found  that they are not generous about  room comps so we play slots all up and down Fremont street. I would give them 4 stars if  the garage thing would have gone better. I will be back.
1	My Honeymoon week. We rented a Spa Suite well I called on the master suits a/c no one ever came. It only goes down to 70....wouldn't be so bad but the floor to ceiling windows which we kept close and the down stairs to 69 STILL DIDN'T HELP...NO ONE CAME. Toilets didn't flush oh did I mention I spent $4,000 on this room AND the neighborhoods smoked skunk weed so bad you got a contact high everytime you even went to the elevator you can only imagine the room. Customer service SUCKED. THEY WANTED TO DO SOMETHING AFTER I WANTED TO CALL THE COPS. LMAO. Don't care about the weed but I paid for 24 jour service.
2	Charge for internet, drinks while gambling, $15 min on blackjack table,  rude dealers,  stay at your own risk!
2	I have never stayed at this hotel. We always stay at the 4 Queens for free. My husband and I like to gamble and it doesn't seem like your points add up to much at the Nugget. The 4 Queens always comps our rooms and food, even free dinner at Hugo's! The Nugget is pretty inside, and their casino floor is clean. But I think something should be said about the employees. They ALL hate being there! I asked one older bartender who is always so grumpy if he liked working there and his response was a loud "I used too!" I don't know what happened after the remodel, but all the old timers still working at the Nugget after like, 20 years, are miserable. I feel bad for them. it says a lot about a place when they treat their employees badly. The 4 Queens have awesome bartenders that greet you with a handshake, a smile, and they always remember your drink even if you haven't been there in months!
5	Excellent hotel for the downtown experience. We stayed in the Rush Tower. Upon check in we presented our Landry's card and were upgraded to the Rush Tower Jr Corner Suite. Room is very large with two  flat screen tvs's, large leather sectional, two chairs, foyer with table, and very nice bathroom.  Downfall--shower/bath combo. No walk in shower. Still for the price we got a 5 star room.
2	"Third time - not such a charm"We have stayed here 3 times in the last 12 months.1st time was my original review. 2nd time was just as good as the first. This time, not so good. There was a room cleanliness problem. Staff was inattentive. .  Parking, a joke. I was literally told by both valets to try the 4 Queens parking lot. I had an active room key - a JOKE!!!!!! This was at 11pm on Saturday. Left my car and key, told valet I was going inside and demand to check out at that time and not pay for Saturday night, Wife tried to make a spa appointment, was reading off a package on the GN website and was told by the staff that there was no package like this. Girlfight in jacuzzi.....I don't know what has happened but I really had a great time before, I hope they get it together.Stayed July 3-6 2014
2	Upgraded to the Gold tower for three nights.{$60 extra June 27-30th}.Saturday night started well. Won $700 at the tables and slots, Saturday night till Sunday Morning there was a loud party next door till 5am.Had to call Security at 4:45..then the hallway doors stopped slamming..yelling and swearing too. Sometimes I think alcohol should be illegal for some yahoos. Thought the Nugget had better clientele, but this was a night from Hell,they took off our $20 upgrade charge for that night..only ruined our whole Sunday as we were exhausted all day. Pool was great Sunday until 4pm..then the alcohol fired up rowdies partied hard. I remember when Vegas was classy,but Frank Dean and Sammy are long gone ,rest in peace,we won't stay here again..to bad..used vto love it here. 5th stay here. Hotels are focused on the revenue from hard drinking,loud,club kids now. JZ
4	It's not a bad hotel at all. We always stay on the new strip and decided to have an extra night in Vegas so we booked a room here for a night. It was better then expected. I do have to say some of the staff seemed a bit  unhappy. I wish this hotel were on the new strip though. The pool was awesome. We liked the shark tank. It was pretty neat. It'd be nice to have a pool somewhere for adults only like this one. On checkout day it sounded like the people upstairs were going to fall through the ceiling which was kind of annoying, but not the hotels fault. Overall our stay was great and we would come back again.
4	The rooms are nice, the pool area is nice. For the price I feel like it's a great place to stay at. I stayed at the Plaza and the Golden Nugget is much much better. It smells good here, not like cigarette butts steeped in water like the Plaza smelled. I highly recommend this place for its proximity to Fremont Street, the comfy bed, nicely decorated room, casino area, and fabulous pool. You won't regret your stay. I liked it much better here than on the main strip, more down to Earth people here, some ghetto/trashy people but they won't ruin it for you and there are a minimal amount of those. There are lots of families here so don't get your swimwear in a bundle if a kid splashes you at the pool.
4	I'm truly shocked at how much traffic still moves through downtown LV! The Golden Nugget truly is a gold mine. At 3pm on a Tuesday there was a good 15 minute wait to check in. On a Wednesday morning around 9am there was also a line to check out! We stayed in the Gold Tower and the suites are spectacular! Lots of space, comfortable beds, and nice tv's in the bedroom and bathroom. The shower doesn't really have a good layout and isn't friendly for older folks since I found it a little difficult to get in and out. The elevators were really slow but the rooms and the casino floor have aged really well. The dining options at the Golden Nugget are endless and can satisfy any palate. The value is definitely here and I would definitely stay again if i longed for a downtown experience!
3	Only Decent Option in Old VegasI always like the Nugget.  My wife and I prefer old Vegas when we stay because it is much more affordable and easier to get around.  The Nugget has the best pool option of any hotel downtown and at least feels like main strip option.  The hotel is pretty nice and the new tower that they built is beautiful.  Two issues here though, The new tower that they built doesn't allow the pool to get much sun during the day.  The buffet is terrible, I haven't been in about a year, but last time it was the worst breakfast I had in Vegas.  If your looking for pretty nice hotel in Old Vegas, this place is always a great option.  Just stay away from the buffet.Thanks
5	It was girls weekend in Vegas, Baby!  The pool in this place is very unique as it has sharks and sea life swimming  in a tank along side you. Pool service is almost non-existant, so be prepared to fetch for yourself.  We were there on the Saturday and Sunday..so the pool was VERY crowded, but a lot of fun.  Our room was comfy. Beds were made up with nice thread count sheets. There is a variety for anyone in the casino and the sports book was quaint and fun.  The valet was BUSY but my car arrived unscratched.  Its really all I ask for!  The downtown vibe is very fun.  I usually stay on the strip. This hotel did not disappoint.  Dining at the Chart House there is very good and expensive. This seemed to be the nicest hotel in Downtown Vegas.
4	The hotel is large, cheap (we payed $50 for the night), and aesthetically pleasing. I was actually surprised how great it looked, and there's even a nice looking shark tank by the pool. The burger place in the casino area - "The Grille" - is somewhat overpriced. A cheeseburger and fries will run you $10, but since the hotel is located in downtown anyway, I doubt there's cheaper food. Location is prime; right on Fremont Street, there is a lot to do in the night. There's live music, some entertainment, and more casinos than you could count. I disliked smoking being permitted in the common areas. I have no problem with the casino being a smoking area, but the lobby, shopping areas within the casino, and restaurants should not permit smoking. Other than that, I enjoyed my stay.
2	Parking sucks.. Valet full, self parking full. Staff told us to be patient when driving around full self parking area waiting for someone to leave
1	Worst experience ever!!! Went there from the strip just to try it out for my birthday, first we got a small room after we told them we want an upgrade for my bday month before when we made the reservation on the phone. Then they tried to charge $50 per night for the suite cuz they sold out, ehh not my problem, don't guarantee nothing on the phone then!!!!! Second, we play table game, I ordered 1 chivas water and 1 bottles water, they told me no, only one at a time. Seriously?!!!!! I'm a bartender from Hawaii! I have the craziest house rules back home, but not able to have water with my drink? WTF!!!!! This is effin Vegas!!!!!! Third, when my husband left his cigarette butt in the ashtray without killing it completely, this fat ass old bitch literally slammed an empty ashtray on top of the dirty one then she gave it and my husband a mean look, sorry bitch, you deal in downtown, we don't don't need your attitude here when we receive VIP treatment on the strip!!!! We checked in at 2pm and checked out at 9pm the same day. So yeah, completely fail on the experience here. It sucked big time, never come here again, never play here again and we will make sure that all of our friends do the same.  Because this place doesn't deserve any business based in their credibility and hospitality.
1	Let me start by saying I don't give many one star reviews. But our experience was horrible. We booked a trip on Priceline and chose the Golden Nugget because we have stayed here a few times and always enjoyed it. First of all, we pull up and they tell us the parking garage is full so we need to park in an overflow lot two blocks away. No problem. We check in and they only have one room left according to the checkin guy. We needed two beds but took the single with a roll away anyway. Went to the room and it definitely hadn't seen a remodel in years. The room reeked of smoke. OK. No what. We called the front desk and asked if maybe we could get an air purifier or something. Nope. Nothing. They said they could "deodorize" our room whatever that means. The smoke smell was so overpowering that we left and got a room at Mandalay Bay. Now we were going to drop some $$$ at the nugget and even had reservations for a cabana but they obviously didn't give a crap. Terrible customer service. Would have expected better.
5	Stayed here for 1 night on a wednesday to try the hotel.Its a good hotel to stay away from all the chaos from the strip. Parking was easy its a parking structure with 4 floors. There was a check in line had to wait for about 10 min to check-in. If you have Rush Tower there is a seperate check-in desk at the tower. Didnt mind the wait because only payed for a 2 person stay didnt want to pay the 3rd eprson charge. The room is big and smeel clean. The bed was very comfortable. What i didnt like is that our window had a view to the generator on the roof of the 5th floor should of tried to switch room. The pool was a good experience to see the fish and sharks so close. My daughter was a bit scared at first and didnt want to swim and try the water slide. After a couple of minutes she had the best time in vegas. Loved the Water Slide and the pool. Didnt want to leave the pool. After the pool she took a bubble bath on the big tub. There is a strip next to the hotel with a nice view at night from lots of lights. Check out was easy and there was no line in rush tower. We check out 1 hour later for free because we stayed at rush tower. There is abit of a drive from the strip to the hotel. I would recommend this hotel to familys. Kids loved the water slide. (TIP)Go early to the pool to reserve your chairs to get a good spot.
4	Nice clean rooms, wonderful staff, beautiful aquariums in Chart House and at the pool. This place is a lot of fun and close to everything. Our room looked down onto Fremont Street Experience. Just an overall great experience here. We are locals and wanted a staycation and this was perfect! Happy hour at Chart House is a great deal plus dinner at Vic and Anthony's was amazing! The breakfast buffet was fantastic! Great price too for our room!
2	I know, I know, I am in Downtown Vegas so what do I expect?For starters I expect that the machine I am playing to be clean. I was sitting at the bar playing video poker and watching a game. The bartender was nice enough. I went to hit Max Bet and found out I couldn't because it had so much crap on the button it was stuck in one position. I feel like to needed a Lysol bath after gambling here. Needless to say I didn't last long.
5	I never thought I would be giving the Golden Nugget 5 stars! But if you stay in the new tower, Rush Tower, it is deserving.  I have never stayed in any of the other towers but the Rush Tower is clean, comfortable and easy to access.  We travel to Vegas often and stayed last time at the four seasons for an entire week.  Coming back for a shorter trip we decided the nugget was the best option.  The gambling is reasonably priced, the cocktail waitresses come around often, and you never have to wait for an elevator.  The only negative and it was a huge negative was the Rush Tower Valet.  We came in late Saturday night and they tried telling us valet was full.  My husband did not take that as an answer and they eventually found a spot for us.  The customer service and timeliness of valet was disappointing but didn't take away from our overall experience.
1	Awful stay, registered for a non-smoking room assigned to a smoking room.  It was awful, went back down to the front desk, nothing available, they would have one available after 11, the following morning.  Wrong, it wasn't ready, the check in clerk said he would have house keeping call us is we could move rooms & then shower, so we could go play.  No call from room service, we finally after checking several times out room was ready. Not in Vegas often, but will not stay here ever again!
5	I was nervous about staying in such an old hotel, but it turned out to be the best stay I've had in Vegas. The hotel was renovated and absolutely beautiful! Our room was gorgeous, the bed was super comfortable, and everything was clean and new.We loved having a room so close to Fremont Street!
4	My sister and I did a quick weekend Vegas trip and decided to stay here because we like downtown and got a good rate. Parking was very crazy as is to be expected on a Friday night. The valet was full, but a very helpful bellman helped me to maneuver around all the cars after taking care of our luggage.We stayed in an upgraded room in the Gold Tower, and it was plenty big for two people. The amenities are decent, and I loved the huge, soft bed. My sister has stayed at the Golden Nugget before, so she knew to bring some cups for the Keurig machine. That helped us avoid wasting time and money at Starbucks. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants since there are plenty of better choices within easy walking distance. The pool area is a big draw, and it's pretty chaotic. Luckily, there's another pool on the second level that is smaller and a little more serene. You do have to pay an entry fee, but you get assigned your own giant chaise lounge. Plus, no kids running and screaming around the pool! The service at the Golden Nugget was exceptionally good. You can tell they really train their staff well. Every employee greeted us when we walked down the halls, and they would always hold the elevator for us. I would happily return on my next Vegas trip.
2	I absolutely loved the atmosphere of the hotel. I don't usually stay very long in the hotel room but I definitely noticed the shower having black mold. I woke up feeling congested and miserable. Definitely don't recommend staying at the hotel.
3	I have been there 2 times this summer  each for a week stay.   I room in the Carson Tower on the Upper Floor. Good during the week Price No Smoking Tower...Valet next to your tower Great!!! Idea.   Now for the Bad... Housekeeping Sucks!!! and seem not to care.  Will I stay again.. Depends.... I was pretty Ticked off about how they handled my Dirty Room.
3	1st let me say- our overall experience was good. But the 1st room we were in in the CARSON TOWER is DEF NOT a 4star quality hotel! Its almost motel like amenities. It has an old school window a/c unit, NO comforter on your bed, (PS- when I called  housekeeping for a blanket I was told they don't have any in the hotel?) & an old run down single sink bathroom. BUT swimming in "THE TANK" made the stay completely worth it! The kids had so much fun. The staff at the pool were so friendly! However, when we returned to our room we discovered the a/c unit had leaked & flooded our room a bit. We had a few things get wet. And the TV would not turn on & when taking a shower we discovered the bath tub would not drain. We called the front desk & were kept on hold for 15 minutes. Finally we were transferred to another room, but unfortunately they did not have another comp room w/ 2 double beds, so they gave us one king. We were moved to the RUSH TOWER which def was nicer, newer & had 4 star like amenities. But sleeping at night we noticed the room in this room had very thin walls. We could hear the people's conversation next to us. And it sounded like normal speaking voices, nit yelling or screaming or anything. Then when were were tying to go to sleep we could hear the people walking and rolling suit cases or something across the floor. Kinda hard to sleep with the noise level. The shower in this room had a very shower head, but looks are deceiving because the water came out very little, small flow & didn't feel refreshing or like you got clean enough. We were also disappointed to find there wasn't one inexpensive place to eat inside the casino. We were traveling with kids, so we didn't want to pay too much for 5 of us to eat. We did try the buffet once & would not recommend it for the price. If the price was cheaper, then it would be a better value. We also encountered a VERY RUDE employee at the buffet who said my daughter couldn't sit with us or be in there if she wasn't eating. I told her she is on special medication & could not eat for 2 hours after her pill, so she would not be eating & then she said, well then you need to buy her a beverage. Mind you, we were already seated. I explained she couldn't drink either, not even water. I guess she thought were were trying to scam the buffet & feed my daughter a free meal, which we were NOT! She kept a watch on us like a hawk. Made us feel very uncomfortable because she kept coming back by to check. Anyways- to sum. We did have a wonderful time in vegas & would stay again. We LOVED the pool & the shark tank & the slide. Def worth the other hassles.
5	This is a wonderful classic hotel right on Fremont street.  We stayed here last year and are coming back again this September.  Yes, the fancy resorts on the strip are brand new and gorgeous, but they are also twice as expensive and I really don't want to walk a million miles just to get to the pool.  Last year we had a double room in the Carson tower, the oldest building, but also much less expensive as the new Rush Tower.  I mean you are in Vegas... WTF are you doing in the hotel room anyway?  I just need a clean place to sleep and shower and the rest of the time I will be out.  The room was pretty dated with 80's decor (think rust colored flowered drapes) but at least it was clean!  Our room had a big square of carpeting cut out of it and replaced with a square of an almost-matching color.  Our window looked out onto the roof of the Plaza parking garage.  But honestly, who cares... it's a room and it's cheap.The pool is gorgeous and the shark tank is amazing.  It's certainly not an Olympic sized swimming pool by any means, but the water slide is super fun and I loved getting a massage from the waterfall coming down on my shoulders and back.  The other infinity pool on the 2nd floor was beautiful too.  You aren't going to be diving or doing laps in these pools... they are for relaxing and drinking!We are not fancy people and this hotel is more our style.  It's big enough to walk around comfortably, reasonably priced, and right in the middle of the Fremont Street Experience.
3	I love the golden nugget. It's a great place to stay and have fun. I'm giving the place 3 stars because of there sportsbook. I have been here for the last 3 days and have placed bets over $11,000 and only once have they offered me a free drink coupon. The people in there who work behind the counter are not friendly and act like your bothering them when you want to place a bet. The tickets I've come back with that are winners they act like they don't want to pay me. Like I'm taking their money? What's up with that? It's sad that I now had to go and sit inside the casino hosts office that is located inside the Keno area and complain. I talked to the manager of the sports book who's name is tony and he said he was surprised as to my complaint. But I informed him I was denied to place a $3600 wager on baseball by the black girl at the counter so I said ok and walked across to Binions horseshoe and placed my bet there. Tony was upset to hear that I took my business elsewhere. But oh well. Bottom line is yelpers we need to hold these business accountable after all we are spending our money there. I'm done with this sportsbook.
1	Check in was terrible right now. There was only one person working at the Rush Tower and were staying at the carson. The concierge was taking forever with this guy that had no reservations. And there was more than twenty of us standing in line. I hope the rest of our stay this weekend gets better. :(
4	Very nice property. It was very busy as there were a lot of people walking around and the pool was packed. We couldn't park in their garage. Only hotel guests with a key could check in. I guess it was very busy, so that is understandable. We had to park at the parking lot in Main Street about 1 block away. $5 to park but the walk was not bad.I'd say that the place is a very nice place downtown. Worth the millions of dollars of renovation. Not smokey at all. Lots of nice restaurants and bars/lounges. Plus the pool with the large skate tank was real cool. Supposedly one of the too best pools in America.
1	You get what you pay for!   Cheap rooms, crowded pool equals nasty smoking people and nasty dirty pool water.  Shark tank is cool but the crowds are not.
4	The Golden Nugget is good and just inches away from being great.The Good:I stayed in the Rush Tower, which the GN site calls "new". It was either just built or renovated because the rooms were very up to date, very nice, and very big. The bathroom was awesome and now my wife wants one like it. The bed was comfortable and the rest of the room was very clean.Vic and Anthony's is a high end steak & lobster restaurant with incredible food and an impressive stock of top shelf Scotches. Just be sure to have deep pockets. Dinner for 2 plus drinks came to about $120.The Grotto is a mid range Italian restaurant with a good menu, a good wine list and a view of the pool. Moderate price, good food.Red Sushi located next to the casino floor is a good place to get some hand crafted sushi and roles while people watching. Comfortable but a little loud because it is open to the casino.Both pools were clean, well maintained although neither had a view of anything except the hotel.The hotel/casino complex is small when compared to monsters like the MGM, which I like since it is easier to navigate, quicker to get to my room if I need something without having to walk past a dozen overpriced shops no one buys anything at, and it has very quick access to Fremont Street from the casino. The Bad:No free wifi. Its 2014 people, get over it! I can get free wifi on a freak'n airplane I think I should be able to get some wifi at a mid-level Las Vegas casino.I wouldn't have known it was there if I hadn't asked, but there is one bar near Fremont street in the casino that has been designated the International Beer Bar. It isn't on the maps or website, only has a moderate selection and the staff wasn't knowledgeable enough. If you have that name and say you have 40 beers but include terrible domestic beers or super common imports like Becks, you aren't really doing anyone any favors. If the IBB doesn't stock a German Doppelbock they should at least know what it is (not that uncommon) and if they stock Belgian Trappist beers like Chimay Blue and I ask for a Quad, you should know that will work.I also had mixed luck with the bars. The Rush Bar made me a Godfather cocktail no problem. The H2O bar at the pool had no idea what it was, called someone to find out, and still got it wrong.Speaking of which the H20 bar is at the pool that closes @ 8pm. The Hideaway Pool on the third floor for adults is open to 2am, but doesn't have a bartender after 8pm. Kinda lame. So your options are to get out dripping wet and go down two levels to get a drink, or hope that a girl collecting towels comes around every 30 minutes and is willing to take a drink order (which they then get wrong.)The Golden Nugget feels like it might be in transition. They want to go upscale, and offer a whole lot of bang for a pretty good price, with some nice amenities, but fall just short of getting it perfect. If they offer the right services when they should be offered and get their barmen up to speed, I'd say the place was perfect.
1	Live in Vegas but first time actually going to a bar inside the hotel.  Went to H20 Bar by the pool purchased two drinks I used my credit card. The bartender who had no name badge on called himself "John" charged my cc but only gave me the torn off bottom half of the charge receipt and no itemized receipt. When I disputed this he became really angry. Beware he may be defrauding customers he stated it was there practice . I quickly contacted the management who stated it was not there practice and that they would take care of it
3	Note:  I did not gamble at all.  Not interested.  Pros:- Pool!  Terrific pool (the main reason we stayed there) with great music (though the DJ could have given a bit more variety).  The fish are awesome, and the sharks are downright distracting.  You are in the pool, and they go casually swimming by in the tank.  Really impressive.  There are a couple of sharks that have razor-like teeth sticking out, and with their sinister-looking eyes, they grab your attention.    - Rooms are nice, but need more electrical outlets for all the cell phones, iPads, etc. - Free parking- Starbucks in the lobby (of course you have to pay for it)- Nice dining area.  All the restaurants are updated, contemporary, modern, and competitive.  If at dinner time you walk down the main corridor where the restaurants are, the terrific smells will make you hungry.  - Drinks at pool:  Pricing was less than I expected, and less than the awful Serendipity 3.  I think I paid $7 for a bourbon & water.  Not bad considering it was pool-side service. Note:  Bring your ID if you want to charge to your room!   You can also get a small bucket of beer 6 for the price of 5, including ice.  This was popular at the pool.  Cons:- No in-room free coffee?!  This is the first hotel I have stayed in in more than 15 years that didn't give free coffee in the room.  Wow!  That is very CHEAP of the Golden Nugget.  - No free WiFi.  If you want to connect it is $13 / day.  Seriously?!  - Lots of smokers walking around and in the casino, too.  Though, that seems to be the same all over the Strip casinos I visited.  I could smell the smoke in my clothes.  - Clearance in parking deck:  It is LOW!  If you drive a big SUV, then you can't have anything on the roof at all!  - TV service in the room:  I think the hotel needs to update its wiring.   Our TV suffered from lagging and pixilation.  From past experience this indicates too much content trying to go across old wiring.
2	Had a so-so experience here. Pros - inexpensive, good location for what I needed it for, lot's of dining in-house (my dinner at the Chart House was great), plenty of gambling if you're into that (I'm not), staff was helpful.Cons - smoke definitely lingers, was crowded when I was there, loud during day, pool constantly crowded, my room in the carson tower was very dated (I can't be picky since it was inexpensive).Generally my experience was pleasant, however when it came to checking out, not so great. I checked out very early morning and they were unable to print my receipt. Okay, no problem since they said they would email when they were able to. Nothing for one day. I called and accounting was not in since it was the weekend, so I left a voice mail. Another day goes by with no response so I emailed. Again, no response. I called again, this time very annoyed since I had to reach out an additional 3 times from checking out just for my receipt, and finally the front desk was able to email it before I got off the phone (lady was extremely sweet and helpful). I'm not sure if all the departments are in constant contact, however, I never heard back from my voice mail or email.
4	We stayed in the Carson Tower, the older side of the resort. Lower priced than the newer glitzy Rush Tower but the bed was very comfortable & the bathroom worked well. No free WiFi.Pool is great & lots of restaurant choices. Bars a plenty too. We liked the Rush Bar best. It is right on the Fremont Experience which is a plus!
1	Got sick eating at Claim Jumper in the Casino.  Then woke up to beetles in bed with me.  The only cool thing was the pool.
4	Overall we had a very good stay.  I'm not giving them five stars for two reasons. We paid extra to get a room with a view when we booked the room online at their website. Upon arrival on a Thursday evening we were told rooms with a view were sold out. She said it was first come first served. The view from our window was a wall. She said she upgraded us to a mini suite for the inconvenience but the only difference between a regular room and a mini suite is that the tub has jets. Our friends who came with us paid $60 less and had a gorgeous view out their window and they arrived hours after we did. First come first served?  Whatever.  The second reason is the lack of lounge chairs at the pool. If you don't get there right when the pool opens or pay money to reserve a seat in advance you're pretty much out of luck. On the bright side everything else was good.  We had good food and good service at the restaurants and the bars.  The pool is definitely incredible. There was no waiting for the elevators which is always nice.
4	We had a great stay at Golden Nugget! Great pool, location, restaurant.  Room was very nice, staff is courteous. The gift shops and shopping in the hotel were very reasonable unlike on the strip.  Our only issues were the HVAC system in our room sounded like a Mack truck, and the valet parking was frequently full.  Other than that we had a great stay and will be back!
1	Although the hotel was nice, and has a great pool, parking staff and parking was the worst!  Before booking, check to see if they have events planned for the weekend.  If they do, book somewhere else!  They told us they normally don't even have enough parking for a full hotel and with any kind of event not only does self park fill up by 6pm,   valet even stops taking cars.  They give you an envelope with poor instructions to a public parking structure (that smells of urine) with a voucher to pay for it.  When i asked about parking priority for hotel guests they said there was none and was told by the hotel management this parking problem is what we can expect every time there was an event of any kind.  You can tell the parking staff received a lot of complaints about the parking situation because all we got was an an insincere "sorry were full",  shrugs of shoulders and looks of "not my problem".  Not an isolated incident, happened every night of our weekend stay.  So check before booking!
4	Room was clean and beds were very comfortable. Check in & ticket staff was very nice. 24 hr Starbucks in case you need a fix. The pool gets very crowded even early morning. A good place to stay.
3	We stayed at the Golden Nugget because my daughter wanted to go to the pool, which I'll review separately. We got a room in the Rush tower, but in the 5th floor, facing a roof of a building with two large flood lights directed at our window.  Fortunately the curtains did a great job of hiding the light.Our room was very well appointed and looked exactly like the ones on the website.  There was plenty of storage, the furniture was stylish and the bathroom large.  The bed and pillows were comfortable, and one of my daughters managed to sleep on the modular chair/sofa not too uncomfortably.  There were some problems with the room, e.g. lack of TP, but they were quickly solved.One minus if you have kids is that they don't have any children TV channels. We don't have cable at home so my kids like to stay in hotels so that they can watch them, but there were no such options here.  Also, internet is an additional $13.All in all I liked the hotel, though it was very crowded.  We usually stay on the strip, and I liked how small this place was and how little I had to walk.  We had dinner at a restaurant in the hotel which was pretty good, and did some gambling as well. It was smokey, but not more than at most hotels.
4	This is the best hotel in downtown Las Vegas. Hands down. Frankly, it's in the top 25% of the nicest hotels in the city.But they know they are the prettiest girl in class so they charge more. A LOT more for everything. (Water and beer is at least 1/2 the price at the ABC store next door!)But I guarantee you that the crappiest room in the Carson tower is better than the best room at the Plaza.Trust me. I post reviews on the Internet.
4	This hotel is the most bang for your buck! The rooms are nice, it's clean, not too smoky, and the service is on point. I dig the  buffet, and the pool. I will stay here again for sure. At $50 bucks a night you get the whole package!
3	Oh, the Golden Nugget! I was placed at the Golden Nugget for a business trip to World Market Center. I was disappointed my client chose this hotel, since my sister was tagging along for the stay. The Nugget, as we named it, does not offer the glam of the Vegas strip, but rather the retro feel of old Vegas. However, maybe from the excessive gold detailing or maybe from the amazing people watching, the Golden Nugget worked its way into both of our hearts. The hotel room was decently clean (the kind of clean where you just choose not to look too closely at the bathroom tiles or peak behind the furniture) and the beds were decently comfortable. The decor was very dated, but somehow charming. There weren't many great dining options at the hotel or nearby, which was probably one of the biggest downfalls of staying in old Vegas. While there are options, they just aren't welcoming. As for entertainment, we didn't see any nearby shows, but there is no need to pay for entertainment on Fremont. The "street people" are plentiful, drunk, and usually dancing. Oh, and if you want to meet Elvis, this is the place! We spent most of our nights taxiing to the strip. Transportation was not cheap (about $25 one-way) but we ran out of Fremont-fun. I would not come back to the Golden Nugget on my own, but we do talk fondly of our time here! Overall, it was a decent stay... and since we are both Karat Club members now (why not?) we get email deals for $40 stays. You can't beat that.
4	Very nice stay. Rooms were clean and well kept.  (We had two rooms in the Carson Tower and I was worried after reading some other reviews. The bedding was new and there were flat screens, if that is important to you.) Pool was fun and tank was very entertaining. Casino was clean and had lots of tables open. Dinner at Vic & Anthony's was amazing. I would definitely stay at the GN again.
2	I really wanted to like this property more. Although I have stayed in Vegas numerous times, this was my first Downtown LV experience. It will also probably be my last. First some positives, the Gold Tower rooms are good size and nicely appointed and the beds are comfortable. Also, the shark tank pool is a fun experience. Okay, well that's about it for the good stuff.Now, why won't I stay here again? The rooms "look" nice but they are still in an old building. It has been a long time since I stayed in a place with the old wall A/C that bangs all night long and is controlled by a push button and knob. That's right, no room thermostats so plan on getting up in the middle of night to turn off the unit because it's freezing or simply making too much noise. Speaking of noise...three mornings in a row we were woken up by banging noises on the upper floor. At first we thought someone had been murdered and they were getting rid of the evidence, but nope, it was just the 6AM construction crew doing the upper floor remodels getting started with their day. That's right 6AM! Lot of fun after getting back to the room at 2AM. Finally, after they started banging we were able to get back to sleep and left our room at 2PM for a late lunch and to start the day. Apparently that is too late for Housekeeping because when we returned in the evening, our room looked the same, no made up bed, no clean towels etc. Bottom line, this is a 2-3 star property that wants you to think it's on par with Caesars Palace but the truth is it fits perfectly with the other lower end hotels of Downtown Las Vegas.
3	Just got home from staying 3 nights here. The room price was good for the carson tower and the resort fee was only 5 dollars a day. I was traveling with my 2 kids and one of them is 2 and there was not ONE decent kids tv channel. Hellooo people sometimes have to travel with small children and need an evening tv option!!! We got stuck in the elevator and ended up getting comped the buffet .... GROSS it was the worst buffet I've eaten in las vegas. I'm so glad I didnt pay for it. The pool was the main reason for staying here and it gets my 3 stars.
5	The rooms are OK but really the gem here is the pool party.... The shark tank pool is awesome and the DJ was better then most of the headliner DJs featured around Vegas. A+++ for DJ Dezi? And I don't even like EDM that much.
2	Pool is great Hotel surroundings are nice.  Gold towers upgraded $20 worst upgrade ever . air conditioning doesn't work rooms are smoked heavily for a non smoking  terrible time I do not recommend staying at least in the Gold Tower not worth the money .I have a maintenance man in my room its 1:30 a.m. Replacing the AC. first time staying here probably my last. I usually stay at the Luxor about the same price . Accommodations are real nice real clean and true non smoking rooms.  I recommend taking a cab over to Fremont experience.
5	Golden nugget hotel.... We stayed there this past week. Although the pool was kinda crowded there were a lot of nice people there. The casino has a 10$ min so we gambled elsewhere but the room was nice and clean the bed was comfortable and the staff was nice. I got bill upon check out and the room ended up costing less then they told is by 50$ I say this go see time share they give you a hundred and twenty five dollars in chips which my wife turned into 575$ cash on the roulet wheel and you get a free vacation. Not a bad gig. I'd stay there again any day.
4	You know, I would love living on the Strip but dude, some of the hotels are just not worth it. I saw the room my cousin stayed in at Caesar's Palace and it was pretty bad. The room was small, a little jenky, didn't have a fridge or anything, and the view sucked. AND it was twice as much as our room at the Golden Nugget. Our room at the Golden Nugget made the room at Caesar's Palace look like a joke (but to be fair, you're really just paying to live on the Strip). If you're not looking to go clubbing or drinking on the Strip and just want a nice, inexpensive place to place (but still get some of the Vegas vibe), I think this is a good place to stay. Located in the "Old" part of Las Vegas, if you go downstairs, there are still a few casinos in the area that you can still gamble at. For the price and what you're getting, it's really not bad. The room we got was comfortable, spacious, and pretty clean. Plus they have an awesome pool here so that's another plus!
3	As a single parent, I like this hotel, but will also never stay here again.Wifi is $13, per 24 hours, the pool closes early in the summer (8 PM!), there are no kids channels on the tv (which forced me to pay $13 for a movie they'd already seen!), and you have to PAY for your in-room coffee! I will easily pay slightly higher, for a smaller room, "uptown", with the included amenties, and closer to the majority of the Strip action.
1	We stayed here in January and I thought I had written a review then but apparently not. I purchased a Groupon to stay at this hotel and the first night the air conditioning clanked super loud all night. My husband recorded it and showed it to the front desk. They didn't care. They told us they weren't sure if they would be able to move our room. We told them they had to since we didn't sleep all night and we had our kids with us. The TV had problems as well and maintenance had to come out. Every interaction we had with staff was rude. The manager in the buffet was walking through the food area typing on her phone and never looked up. She almost bumped into a couple of people. The staff doesn't move out of guests way at all.The buffet was HORRIBLE for breakfast.When I spoke the manager he didn't care.  I wrote an e-mail and have never received response. However when I informed Groupon about our experience they refunded me. I was shocked and not expecting that at all. Groupon rocks but Golden Nugget stinks! I will definitely be staying somewhere else next time.
2	My friends and I decided to spend our Saturday afternoon at the golden gate pool with some cocktails and do a little bit of gambling. Once we got to golden nugget valet, valet was full. So we had to park elsewhere (which was another huge ordeal) and walk to the pool. When we arrived, it was super busy. (We expected that since it was Saturday.) My friends and I all agreed to get a table so we can get bottle service. One of the waitresses got us a table within 20 minutes of our arrival. Once we asked for a drink/bottle menu, it took her 20 minutes to deliver us one. We eventually got tired during our wait and went to the bar ourselves and grabbed our own drinks. The shark tank is cool but quite small. Sort of makes you feel bad how many sharks are in this tank with such limited space. Children everywhere...EVERYWHERE! And since the adult section was beyond full, we had to hang around with them. I don't hate children, but I just didn't feel right having cocktails and smoking cigs next to one. The worst part was people swimming in their clothes. Men jumping in with their basketball shorts and old tshirts. Women in their basketball jerseys while wearing old sneakers to swim in. Babies swimming in soiled diapers. I found that quite trashy because all other hotel pools forbid any other attire other than swim suits and sandals inside the pool. Once we got to top section of the hotel pool, (the adults section finally has some vacancy) it was a bit more relaxing but the music was different from downstairs. I swear it was putting me to sleep. You'd be better off going to the pool during the weekday where it's less busy with people and children. It was obvious the waitresses couldn't handle the rush which took forever to recieve proper service. Last year, 2013 I had a blast but that's cause I went on a Monday afternoon. Stay away in the weekends.
3	I stayed here with a friend earlier this month. We got an awesome deal thanks to Cyber Monday so our 4 night stay ended up costing around $145 total. (The basic cheapest room.) The room itself was okay. Nothing to write home about. My only complaint is the beds are small. (But to be fair they are advertised as the correct size.) The main reason we chose the Nugget was because of their pool. Unfortunately, the first two days it was raining with thunder (off and on) so they closed the pool early but our other two days were good. One awesome part of the pool is that the upper pool closes at 2am. We had a blast with fellow hotel guests drinking, laughing and swimming.  The only bummer  was the pool boy who was dubbed the fun police. Why? Because he would tell people to stop splashing each other. Wth?!!! We are grown ass adults. Older than this dude, probably. No one was bothered by the splashing because everyone was doing it. Everyone was having fun. The security guards even wondered what the heck his problem was. Anyway, all in all it was a decent stay. Would I stay here again? Yes. For four days? No.
5	Pleasantly surprised is the best way to describe our experience at this hotel.  We stayed in Carson Towers, which are the cheapest rooms, but they were nice,  comfortable and roomy (we had two adults and two hyperactive boys). I will definitely stay here again.
5	My GF and I came out from Philly for a week for our 1 year anniversary.It was and AWESOME stay. The pool is great, the staff is friendly, the restaurants were great, and Fremont street is insane!The rooms are large and clean.I would highly recommend staying here.
3	Stayed here a few nights. For what this is, a downtown, older-school, moderately priced casino hotel, it's just fine. Not any aspect of the hotel enhanced our Vegas experience; nor did it detract from it.
3	I stayed here Sept. 21-23, 2014. My previous stay was a couple years prior. This is definitely one of the best properties in Downtown LV, BUT it was obvious that management had not a lot of money into keeping the hotel up. Hotels.com and other sites have it rated as 4-star, but I would put it as 3-star, particularly, when compared to other hotels rated 4-star. Casino has a good vibe, and decent sports book, though could use more seating. They have a poker room too with daily tournaments. The rooms are comfortable, beds are not too soft, and they have flat screen TVs. Best thing about the resort is the pool/shark tank. Cons: old town LV tends to be dirty.  Hallway carpets looked pretty dirty. Valet was slow.
3	Venue:  Golden Nugget Hotel & Casino Decor: Older, old school like CasinoService: FriendlyEnvironment: A Mix of older people and youngFood: N/A (although they had food, I can't speak on it) Prices:  Cheap Gaming, very affordable Debbie Downers:  I didn't win lol j/k (kinda) Conclusion: This venue like other nearby Casinos within that vicinity is old school.  Very Dark, not as open spaced like the newer ones on the strip.  They provide affordable buffets (that I can't directly speak on).  The gaming is cheap like $3 min Blackjack, craps, Roulette, poker and more.  It's pretty much about superstitions & luck as far as if you favor one over the other.  However, this venue seemed a lot bigger than its counterparts.  A general pool area for patrons, buffets and gets very busy.   Overall: C
2	Not terrible, but for the price you can do MUCH better. I live an hour and a half outside of Vegas so I come here often. I've stayed in many hotels in this awesome city and I have to say that Golden Nugget was the biggest disappointment. We splurged for an anniversary and thought that as a 4-star it would be worth it. Our room was very poorly lit, there was no view whatsoever, and the air con did not work. The customer service was blah, and they will charge $10 for you to drink crappy hotel coffee in your room!!! True whole thing felt like a ripoff, and the whole place seriously lacked character. If you want a good place to stay on Fremont, go to the El Cortez! Much better place and 1/3 the price!
5	We booked a room a few days before our trip on 8/30/2014and this was one of the only hotels that did not want a two night stay. After reading some of the reviews on yelp and a few other sites I have to admit I was a little scared. When we arrived we were met by the valet and just let them park the car.  It's 2:00am and we just want to get to sleep after driving in from Williams AZ.  We checked in and things went fast the whole process took less then 5 min's  (unlike the Flamingo that took 2hrs) we were given a room in the rush tower Room # 22219. As I got off the elevator and walked to the room I was reliving the reviews that I had read online and thinking of how I would explain this hotel choice to my wife. As I opened the door and walked in I swear the room looked like something out of a luxury spa. over sized bathtub marble countertops and sleek modern fixtures.  We booked at the price of $79.00 a night but I think I would have been pleased to have paid double that.  Great room Great service, Great casino Won $500.00 on a $1.00 Slot   If were ever go back we'll be right here at the golden nugget! If I could give it more then 5 stars I would.
5	Stayed and played. Rooms soooper clean. Front desk staff very helpful.  Pit bosses were also pleasant.  Buffet was great as usual.
5	I first stayed at the Golden Nugget with my husband three weeks ago and have been raving to my friends and family about the service and accommodations since our stay. My husband booked our room through a third party site, but we were still treated with the utmost respect. The valet was great, the desk attendants were great, the cocktail servers, the waiters and waitresses -- everyone!When my husband checked us in, the desk attendant ensured that our room was accessible. I am temporarily handicapped due to an injury. When she saw me and my husband asked if she anticipated that I would have trouble, she obtained approval for a room upgrade at no additional cost. I didn't expect much except an accessible bathroom, but she checked us into to a Gold Club suite on the 16th floor! Our room was amazing! I had access to an accessible restroom and shower stall. Our bed was comfortable and not too tall. It seemed like a bit much -- until I made use of the extras. One evening, I used the sofa and television in the living area while my husband was downstairs gambling. I was tired from a long day of sightseeing and shopping in the city. The chaise in the room was also very comfortable. I dozed off on it when we first got to the room because I was afraid I would have trouble getting in and out of the bed, but it wasn't a problem at all once I got over the initial apprehension.I could go on forever about the pool and the restaurants -- even the buffet was pretty good. Overall it was an exceptional experience and when I'm completely recovered we will definitely plan another visit. When a company goes out of their way to make every guests' needs a priority they will always have my loyalty. Hopefully we'll see them sometime before the end of this year. If not, we'll be back in the spring. Golden Nugget: you won me over and that is difficult!
3	The room was nice but NO FREE WiFi and you are charged for everything under the sun. Next time for sure staying on the strip, Free WiFi and your given gifts for staying, not charged for everything.
2	I took my kids to the Golden Nugget because I thought the shark tank in the middle of the pool would be cool. That was the only thing cool about it and even didn't make up for the rest of it. They do not have enough room at the pool to accommodate the size of the hotel. They are trying to keep up with the strip hotels by drawing people with there cool pool but it isn't working.  You can't enjoy a pool if you don't have a place to sit or to even stash your stuff. I swore I would never take the kids to Las Vegas but they are much older now and the Golden Nugget was off the strip plus the shark tank indicated to me that kids would be more welcome there then say, the MGM. So here I go with my big review so bare with me, I have a lot to say that will hopefully help you.First of all I paid for priority check-in. They told me that that would guarantee our rooms were connected and that we could check-in earlier. We arrived at 11:00am and I knew there wasn't anyway that rooms would be ready but they told me to check back in an hour.  We left our bags at the counter and went exploring. I came back at noon and still no room, still no problem because I knew check in time was at 4:00pm and even though we had priority check-in I certainly didn't expect rooms to be ready. They took my number and said they would call by 2:30pm. Fine, but I did think that wasn't exactly 'early' check-in.  They knew we were arriving at 11:00am and told me over the phone that we would have pre-assigned rooms.  Still no call at 2:30pm so I went back to the desk and once again, still no room. Again they told me they would call by 3:00pm. Still no call at 3:00pm.  Now I have four tired kids and an annoyed husband and I was pissed. I went back to the front desk for a FIFTH time and they said still no room. I asked them why I had paid for priority check-in if we actually didn't get to check-in early and we didn't have pre-assigned rooms. The front desk person went and got the manager and she came out and looked on the computer and told me that we did have pre-assigned rooms but they had granted the guests in one of the rooms A LATE CHECK OUT!  I am not a person to yell but I friggin' lost it.  Why the hell would you grant a late check out to guests in a room that was supposed to be pre-assigned for early check in?!  They scrambled and found connecting rooms with one of the rooms cleaned so we could take our stuff up....and they refunded my priority check in fees.Second, our rooms keys worked intermittently.  We had to go to the front desk several times for new card keys.  You need your card key to get into the pool. One morning the five of us went down to the pool early (to try to get a couple chairs) but my oldest son wanted to come down later. When he got to the pool his card key didn't work. A line started building behind him and when the 'security' woman ran the card she said very loudly 'nope!' and then ran it again and said 'nope!' a couple more times. He was horribly embarrassed. He told her his parents were already at the pool and could he just please go find them and bring them back and she told him absolutely not and then yelled 'next!' so she could continue to check in other guests. He went back up to our room and sat in the hall. He couldn't call us because since he was going to the pool he hadn't brought his phone with him . Luckily my husband realized it had been about 45 mins since we had come down to the pool so he went to look for Jack and that's when he found him sitting in the hall. My husband was furious but by the time we got back down to the pool the woman was gone and there was a new dude checking people in. I got the chick's name, Mary Ellen, and wrote a letter to the Golden Nugget but never heard back.The cost of the rooms was fairly reasonable but if you want to go to the strip a couple times then you need to add in the cost of transportation back and forth which isn't cheap.  The Luxor was pretty close to the same room rate it's a lot closer to the action.  Fremont is cool but not 5-days-in-a-row cool.
1	This hotel deserved less than 1 star!  We had mold on the ceiling of our shower for our entire stay.  I complained to the front desk and they did nothing, no follow up, zero.  Order room service at 6pm Saturday evening and the cart was still in front of our door in the hallway at 8am when we left the room on Sunday morning.  Customer service in the hotel was horrible!  When leaving our floor on check out day the maid complained toy husband about people having a do not disturb sign on door because she has to clean 15Rooms a day and how she doesn't like getting sent to other floors.  Unprofessional!!!  Paid for priority check in for a guaranteed smoke free floor and room-room seemed ok but was definitely not on a smoke free floor.  Pool was ok but not enough room to accommodate all swimmers
5	I am writing this review because of BRAD at the bar just outside the golden nugget on Fremont street.  He's just REALLY GEEAT!  I sat outside yesterday and he made me feel very welcome. I was so happy with his service and dry/comedic personality that I had to introduceMy husband!! He is down to business but kind and just seriously funny!  You're the old school kind of bartender that Fremont Street should have forever!!
2	In the past we favored the Nugget because it was good value, pleasant rooms and located right in midst of downtown. We haven't been there for a year or more and this past visit totally turned us off. I agree completely with other reviews about charging for everything e.g., coffee in the room ( not room service ) is 2.50 a cup, Internet is 13.00  per 24 hours and bottle of water is 2.00. I would expect these prices at a 5 star establishment , but in my opinion, it is not even close to 5 star, maybe 3 star. No complaints on room, clean and well done. Prices have greatly increased. We don't  plan to return !
1	Just checked in and have never stayed off the strip before. I'm here for 7 nights for work. It looks really nice but I have already received bad service 3 different times. The valet gave me attitude because I was asking where self parking was, the registration attendant was not at all welcoming, and my bartender/server spent the whole time I was there off in the corner. I was the only one at the bar. She asked me what I wanted from about 15ft away while she was pouring a drink for one of her servers and I had to yell because she couldn't hear me. I'm a stickler for good service and this hotel obviously doesn't feel that's important. It's gonna be a long week....
5	Spent seven days here and had a wonderful time.  All personnel were helpful and friendly.  Stayed in a Rush Tower room last year and it was very nice, however this time we were upgraded (without asking) to a corner suite.  Oh wow was that a surprise!.  Housekeeping service was top notch, great views, full bath and 1/2 bath, 2 refrigerators and 4 TV's.  I felt like a queen!Only complaint was that our key/room cards shut down several times.  Since we needed that card for the elevator it was a big problem and embarassing to have to get out of the elevator and find a desk person to re-activate the cards.  Also card worked in the elevator, then not at the room.  Twenty floors back down to get that card re-activated.  This is a problem that really needs to be fixed.
4	It's always great to have a staycation here in "Sin City." Contrary to the belief, us locals DO NOT live in casinos/hotels. Would be nice though....ehh...maybe? Maybe not.Stayed at the new, renovated tower, the Rush Tower. Rooms are very VERY modern and up to date with flat screen HD tvs, modern decor and furnitures, and dual sinks in the bathroom. Most importantly, everything was clean. I'm a clean freak and I didn't feel grossed out at anytime during my stay. So if at all possible, stay in the newer tower. We got a pretty good rate, mid weekday. Knocked one star off because the walls are thin. I can hear the guest next to me using his speakerphone option....at like 6 IN THE MORNING!!!!! Also heard housekeeping clanging some stuff around. Ugh...def not for the light sleepers. But I get it...it IS an older hotel afterall.Also, I'm not sure maybe their air conditioning on the casino floor blew out the night I was there but it was stuffy as hell!!!!!! The mixture of cigarette smoke + all that body heat from a packed casino floor definitely didn't go so well with me. And maybe lady luck didn't know I exist that night cuz the slot machines were a snoozefest. Boo =( Had a better time gambling at The D.Either way, solid 4 stars for the hotel. (Didn't go to the buffets, restaurants or the pool so I can't really comment on that part but I've heard positive comments.)
4	I stayed here for two nights when visiting Vegas a couple weeks ago. It overall was a great stay here. I stayed in the Carson Tower which are the cheapest rooms in the hotel. It only cost me $100 out the door since I booked it through Expedia while it was on sale and the Golden Nugget is the highest rated hotel on Fremont Street so I couldn't pass it up. The pool here is just amazing!! The fish/shark tank in the middle of the pool with the waterside is awesome!! The only things that were bad about my stay was in my room, the room was nice but there were like 2 or 3 little rips on the walls and when I left a note to housekeeping to change a sheet that was ripped, they didn't do it which annoyed me but I called them and they took care of it right away which was nice. I would be willing to stay here again when I decide to stay on Fremont St if I can get a room cheap enough, hopefully I will get some hotel discounts from them since I signed up for their players card and I gambled like $55 away here so I would think they would want me to come back by offering me room discounts.
4	OMG this place  is fantastic.  The room is wonderful, modern roomy, super comfy, I think this is where I want to stay everytime I come to Vegas from now on.  I have wanted to stay here for quite some time, and this time we decided to do it, and I am NOT DISAPPOINTED.
3	I cant really say I'm a fan because I've only stayed there once and barely. Their parking lot is great, it's multi level and if you stay at the hotel, parking is free. I love their shampoo, conditioner and lotion, it was so light (yes, typical asian) 6--(o0,)--6Their rooms are clean and spacious. The only thing I hated about the hotel room was the airconditioner. For some darned reason, it rattled whenever I try to lower the temperature below 70 degrees. Also, whenever I flushed the toilet, it made the same sound as a firetruck. It's just weird.Got a deal with HW so no issue with the price.
2	First let me say that this is not the first time we've stayed at the Golden Nugget. Everything has gone incrementally downhill since the first time we stayed here, but we decided to give it one last go.This trip was to celebrate my Mother in laws birthday. I called the hotel directly almost two months in advance. We needed to make sure we got a handicap accessible room preferably with a roll in shower, as my Mom can't stand to get get out of her chair, and has to transfer over to do anything outside of her chair. We were informed that they only had FOUR handicap accessible rooms with a roll in shower but they all had king beds. (Do they not take into consideration that some disabled people would like to not have to share a bed with their traveling companions?) They said we could have a roll away cot brought in for the third person. As it was my Mom, my husband and myself we needed 2 beds. Making someone sleep on a ROLL AWAY COT for FOUR days of a VACATION was unacceptable to me for the amount of money we were paying for the room. So we compromised and booked a room they said was also handicap accessible, that had two double beds but a regular bathtub that we could use a shower chair in.  I thought that would be ok as long as it was truly accessible, so we booked the room.Upon arrival, we waited in line for about 20 minutes while we waited for one of only 2 clerks working the check in. There were about 18 people behind us and about 5 people in front of us when we got there. After getting to the check in desk, we were informed that there were NO handicap rooms with double beds available at all (even though we booked this room two months prior.) The desk clerk finally got her supervisor and he found a room that was handicap accessible with two double beds. So up to our room we went.Although our room did have two double beds thats about all I can say about it. First, the beds were too high. I mean they were even high for able bodied people. When you can't use your legs, the only ways to get into bed are to transfer evenly from your chair to the bed. This can only be accomplished if the bed is even or just slightly (1 or 2 inches) above or below the seat on the chair. They other was is kind of degrading. You either have to have someone pick you up and put you in the bed (which wouldn't have happened in this instance), or have someone push you by your behind while your are yanking on the sheets hoping that the housekeeper tucked them in nice and tight, while you pull yourself over the bed. We ended up taking the bed and box spring off the frame and putting the bed and box spring on the floor.The toilet was low....I mean knees-up-around-my-ears-when-I-sat-down-on-it low. So we called to ask if they had a riser for the loo. What they brought didn't really work. It had plastic bolts on the side so that it would tighten down. Well it didn't. The first time she tried to transfer over, the riser slid nearly off the toliet. So for the whole trip, any time she had to go ( that we were in our room) , I had to hold onto the damn handles attached to the seat. Not to mention the not-helpful-at-all-to-someone-who-can't-use-their-legs grab bar that is bolted to the floor. There was also no room for her to turn around in her wheelchair for the bathroom. She doesn't even have a big chair. Its a little racing chair.How they thought this room is handicap accessible shows a shocking lack of knowledge in the ADA laws and requirements not to mention a serious lack of training for the front line staff. With more and more customers requiring special needs accommodations it would benefit the Golden Nugget greatly to do a little research and fix the problems with the rooms so that their less spry customers can enjoy their stay as much as their able bodied friends.  The only reason this review got two stars instead on only on is the service in the poker room. They were very friendly and accommodating when my Mom wanted to play in a no limit poker tourney. Unfortunately, the nice guys in the poker room were not enough. We will no longer be staying at the Golden Nugget and will NOT recommend them to anyone.
5	The Golden Nugget will officially be my preferred hotel when I return to Vegas. The room was very nice and clean. The Grille was really good. The pool was amazing. Everything I experienced was fantastic. I don't care about drinking or gambling so this place was perfect. Mere minutes from Fremont st was also great since I had a concert at the LVCS. I love the Golden Nugget and will be a Fan for life.
3	Room has a kinda old look and feel. $12 for 4 K Cups?  Really?   Probably the nicest hotel downtown, but that's like saying you are the tallest midget. (pardon my non-pc terminology).
5	Once again we had an amazing time in Vegas and enjoyed every minute of our Golden Nugget stay.   We had another room in the Carson tower and this one had more modern decor than last year.   The pool is amazing and we spent every day swimming and going down the water slide like little kids.  I love everything about this hotel from the friendly employees to the restaurants to being right in the middle of Fremont Street.  This hotel is extremely classy without being gaudy and over-the-top like some other places.   See you next year, GN!
2	We only stayed here because my husband had to for work. It's not a place I would've picked myself. It's old and needs updating and even the Rush Tower which has been updated needs updating! The tub was nice and the bed was alright for a hotel bed but I wouldn't stay here again. The staff was not very helpful. The valet is THE WORST! They never have enough valet staff and even when they do they are all just standing around. One night we drove up and there was a line outside the valet. Cars were just parked in the valet line with no one moving them and my husband waited 20-30 mins for someone just to show up. The pool was always over crowded so we didn't even attempt that! The only thing good about this hotel was Lillie's restaurant. The hibachi was very good. Unfortunately this is probably the best hotel on Freemont Street and that's not saying a lot.
4	My family and I stopped in to grab some food, see the pool, play a few slots.  The food was food.  Not terrible and not the best thing on the world. The pool was great.  I love seeing the shark tank! The staff was super polite.  One employee noticed my mother in law walking slowly with a cane an offered a wheel chair.  It was nice to see staff that seemed human.  We were unable to get a wheel chair at some of the larger casinos where it was necessary due to the size of the places and the distance. Between exhibits and statues. Golden nugget went above and beyond to please.
4	This hotel is nicer than most of the older hotels on the strip. I was very impressed with the room and service here. The only reason I am giving the hotel 4 stars is that it took 45 minutes to check in and the Italian food place in the hotel's portions are smaller than kids meals for $20+ a plate.
1	I will never go back there. I found a cockroach in the bathroom. They did upgrade us to a lovely suite for free but I'll never trust the cheap rooms ever again. Disgusting!! We tried the buffet and it was only ok.
4	My fifth time at this hotel. I took a gold tower pool view room thinking I would not get any noise late at night. I was wrong. I don't know if the loud music was from the pool area or Fremont street but it lasted until around 3 am. If I decide to stay here again I will make sure I'm in a room that doesn't have any noise late at night.One of the big reasons I will consider staying here again is the Hideout Pool.Great food in the new restaurants.
3	Stayed here Friday through Monday $118 Friday and Saturday night with a wedding discount and $75 for Sunday.  I thought that was quite high for downtown.  There is no resort fee but you also don't get anything like wifi.  Rooms are not renovated but they claim to have new Serta mattresses.  The casino has been renovated with new tables, chandeliers, and furniture.  I tried to go sit by the infamous pool on Sunday but there wasn't a single lounge chair.  I think they allow non-hotel guests into the pool area.
2	The hotel and casino is nice. The staff seemed friendly and they have a good amount of bars to lounge. However, our room (in the Carson towers) was horrible. The "smoke free" room smelled like an ashtray . The shower didn't work. The room looked old and outdated. There wasn't anything nice about it. They did give is a free late check out which was nice. I guess you get what you pay for .
1	Very disappointed with the booking process. We did not get the room we requested, because they had given it away or something happen with the reservation. So we paid the same price we were quoted for the Gold Tower Deluxe and then paid for water, wifi and and coffee. Really?  We're Total Rewards Diamond Members and could have had a room free on the Strip, but wanted the experience of staying downtown with our friends to share in their wedding reception . We called to voice our concerns and "they were sorry". I'll make sure we do our gambling across the street at the Four Queens and the D. You stuck it to us and we will stick it to you. Oh, "we're sorry too", because this was a stupid mistake that could have been easily rectified.   With service like this, you should be ashamed of your customer service policies.
4	Stayed at the Golden Nugget for four nights and was really impressed by the modern feel of this hotel. All the other hotels in Downtown felt a little older due to the renovations that took place at the Golden Nugget. Our room was fit for four people but had full size beds, we were expecting the typical queen beds. The bathrooms were nice but the bedroom felt a little older. Service and quality of the hotel was great and would recommend staying here if you're downtown! Also the parking situation was great! Easy and very accessible.
2	I've experienced better, The Golden Nugget lost its class in my opinion and tried to create an atmosphere that doesn't work from the minute you step in - and lug your suitcase down the stairs (no ramp to be found anywhere).   It once was a beautiful spot to stay, and our favorite hotel downtown, when the walls were creamy white with gold accents throughout the hotel.  Back when the ceiling was high so that it wasn't like walking through a dark dense smoke cloud as it is now.  My clothing reeked daily because it was so stinky smoky, and although the rooms are labeled non-smoking, the ventilation system cannot screen out the smoke smell.  We asked for a quiet room and was assigned a "mountain" facing room (in other words, facing Fremont St.) #18206 by the most unfriendly desk clerk ever.  She didn't say a word, it was obvious she was having a bad day.  We entered the Rush Tower room, and it was so dark and dank we could hardly see, even after turning on every light.  Dark brown black and brown interior with a tub/shower combo that is difficult to step in & out of because the tracking is so high.  Light comes out at you from the mirror above the sinks which make it impossible to see anything-horrible lighting.  Door to room sticks and is difficult to shut, you have to really slam the doors or risk it staying open.  You can hear every sound from the people above you, beside you and the clanging of the staff - not sure what was making all the noise coming from the walls.  TV channels were very limited, maybe 5 or so?  Picture did not come in very well.  The room was dark, dark, dark, did I say the room & hotel was dark?  The fun began when we came in our room from the casino after a ten hour drive that morning ready to sleep at 9pm - impossible -  the music from Fremont street was blasting & vibrating through our room, it was hard to even hear the TV.  What a BAD design plan.  I called down to the front desk and was informed it would quit at 11pm.  Ugh.  It ended finally around 11:30pm but the noise lingered until 1am.  Next morning we asked to switch rooms.  Our next room, not ready until late afternoon was much, much better noise-wise.  Everything else was exactly the same except for maybe a sliver more light coming through the window & a much better view of the strip.  Charges for the coffee & water in room-tacky.  Nice shampoo, soaps, etc.  Bed was pretty comfortable.Food-wise they took out our once favorite cafe that served great quality food and added Claim Jumper, a chain restaurant (who wants a chain restaurant, is that the best they could do?) and The Grotto which has horrible pizza.  The whole smoky vibe is bad, even when you venture toward the only light in the casino, near the pool, to see the poor sea creatures contained in a too small aquarium at the pool-with chairs packed so close that it is impossible to squeeze a leg between to lay down on one.  Awful.  Vic and Anthony's was delicious, that is about the best I can say from a food perspective.  The downtown vibe is great if you like porn in your face every time you venture from the hotel, Fremont street is gross.  We won't be back to this hotel.
3	This hotel is good for what it is. It's feels like an older hotel. Everyone is nice and it is cool going out to the strip on the way to life is beautiful festival. The best thing about it is the price. If you book early enough you can get a decent price especially if you split the room. Overall it was a pleasurable experience but not the caliber of the big hotels.
4	A great place to stay and play! They have some of the nicest hotel rooms in the downtown area. Even though it's an older casino, the rooms are newly decorated and modern. They have a great pool with a water slide that goes through a large fish tank. It's nice to sit at the pool and watch the fish. I've also had some luck gambling here as well. I've eaten at both Grotto and Chart House and I recommend both. They both have excellent food.
4	I love downtown Vegas, and this is the perfect hotel. Very friendly staff. Clean modern rooms. Great food selections. Gratto is my favorite. The best people watching and the best gambling in Vegas. Tip the front desk to be upgraded to a suite.
5	First time in Vegas but loved this place! Right in the middle of Fremont Street so you are close to everything. The room was nice for a decent price. We stayed in the gold tower which is older than the rush tower but still loved it! :)
1	This place is horrible.. The employees are especially rude. I called ahead of time making sure we would be able to go in the pool we had no issues they assured us. We traveled long ways to get here and the old man said very rudely and mockingly ha this is only for guests and closed on weekends (and just to let you know Friday is not considered a weekend) so we were super upset and to top it all off who told you that we were open to public the concierge? He said you shouldn't listen to them! What it's your hotel not mine!!!! If you know this is happening why don't you change they way your people say things that are not accurate! Horrible horrible horrible... I will never return again oh btw this was for my bachelorette with a lot of girls so they missed on a lot of customers.
4	This place, despite being off the strip (as it is in downtown Las Vegas) is a favorite of mine. Love watching the sharks in the shark tank while in the pool. Rooms have always been clean and modern for us when we've visited.  We ate happy hour at both the Chart house and Cadillac Mexican restaurant. LOVE the Cadillac happy hour food and drink specials.. This place rocks! Chart house had ok  happy hour food specials, but great ambiance as you're looking into this enormous aquarium that reaches up to the ceiling. The Chocolate Box was worth it and needed - I picked up amaretto flavored and other truffles after our long trip to Vegas.  We've stayed 3 times in the past, probably will come back to treat ourselves to a Vic and Anthony's visit, a fine dining option in the casino. Doesn't get any better especially with the reasonably priced room rates. Definitely preferred over staying at the stratosphere, which is where we went to on our second night.
5	I love the golden nugget. I'm glad I had a good deal on the carson tower deluxe. I absolutely love the shark tank slide. the only thing was bummer is the shark tank slide i should have checked in a bit early to go on it, but next time i will come earlier.
4	Shark tank was great, even though it was too cold to go out and actually use the pool during our visit. Staff was friendly and attentive. I was worried that housekeeping was going to hate us, we had been on a cruise for a week then driven up to Vegas and had 6 bags and I was trying to find things in each of them. I did try to pick up after myself, but at the same time was exhausted and just wanted to go have fun. They picked up and kept the place cleaned. We stayed in the Carson Tower and had asked for two queen beds or one king. I like the extra bed to put things on but the hotel was nearly full when we booked so they booked us a two queen room. We checked in she let us know they only had a two bed room and could change us the next day if we wanted (6 bags.....) Got upstairs and was hugely disappointed to find it was two DOUBLE beds not queen, we are not big people we are both under 6ft and pretty average sized but come on 2 people in a double bed? Went to ask about the King room the next to get told they are sold out .. REALLY???? so I booked my room through you not a booking agent 4 weeks ago and I am stuck with 2 double beds? The tub was a little weird it kind of curves at the middle of the tub (like a u shape) so you get off balance if you step to the side ( I was sober and our friends said the same of their room) The toilet- now remember we have been on a cruise for a week so used to VERY loud toilets, dear lord the thing in the hotel scared me half to death- we were there fro drag racing I am used to loud that thing is powerful enough to suck down a small child!and the lighting in the room is well DARK. Over I love the place, just not the bathroom and the lighting, and will not be leaving the front desk next time until they put us in a QUEEN or KING sized bed. and I don't base my review on Starbucks-but seriously the slowest Starbucks staff I have come across! and I had to repeat my order 4 times, when I did I made sure I said LATTE at the end each time and each time I got an eye roll and a "ok what kind of drink is it" ummm lets see double tall vanilla LATTE oh I know a milkshake?
4	Hotel rooms are nice and big! ClaimJumper restaurant located downstairs has delicious burgers, the pool is beautiful with a slide going through an aquarium. Would definitely stay there again :) The only down side is that we stayed in Rush Tower and since we arrived on a weekday and at night, the Rush Tower Front Desk was closed. We had to check in at the main front desk. Other than that, we were satisfied with the service :)
3	I've stayed at The Nug about 7 or 8 times since 2006; my most recent stay was over the Halloween weekend this year.  My stays have usually been for a group event that we have once a year there.***  THE ROOMS  ***There are three room towers:  The Carson, The Better Tower, and The Rush.  Carson rooms are OK, with somewhat dated furnishings and somewhat beat-up hallways, but they recently got rid of the tube-TV's, at least.  They've always been clean and with hot water aplenty.  My last room had an under-the-window AC unit that was incredibly loud and rattly, and cycled on and off in 5 minute intervals.  If you don't pass out as well as I do in Vegas, it could be a problem.Another $20 or so a night gets you The Better Tower (I think it's called The Gold Tower?), which has rooms that are the same size as the Carson, just with newer furniture and plusher duvets.  Not that you'd ever want to snuggle up to a hotel comforter, but you get the point.Another $30 or so a night gets you the The Rush Tower.  These rooms are done up in 2009-chic dark woods and have a sofa lounger.  And I don't recall ever hearing the AC in them.  Rush Tower has its own entrance and check in desk too.*** THE CASINO ***Gone from OK to kinda sucky, and it's extra-smoky.  Once upon a time they had single- and double-deck Blackjack without the 6-5 payout and all that other house-edge nonsense.  No more.  Even some of the 6-deck BJ's have restrictions attached.  Craps is like it is anywhere else, however. Video poker has been dialed back from full 9/6 payouts to 8/5's or worse.Occasional loud prostitute catcalls from little nuggets of the evening hanging out around the large central bar.*** RESTAURANTS AND WHATNOT ***The Grotto is pretty damn good.  Details to follow in a separate review.The new Claim Jumper ("CJ's") is really good and 24 hrs.Comped drinks aren't any more watery than the ones you buy, which are standard-strength.The Gold Diggers nightclub isn't too clubby, doesn't appear to have a dress code, plays a mix of classic to current stuff, and provides a smashing view of Fremont Street.There's a bar in the casino area that has fun classic rock and dance hit bands play.  Small dance floor is entertaining.I'll cover the pool in another review.*** THE PEOPLE ***Old and decrepit as all hell during the week.Weekends are 50% oldies, 25% families, and 25% the rest of us.  It's Downtown, you get, for better or worse, anyone and everyone. I'll save my story of the guy with the Adolf Hitler tattoo for my pool review.
5	We are staying in the rush tower.  It is fantastic!  I haven't stayed downtown since I was a kid.  I usually stay at the Venetian.  We'll see how much I like the Casino but the room so far is absolutely fantastic.  It's like being in an Asian spa.  Decor is lovely, the sectional leather couch is great.  Anyway, a great value!!!!!   Stayed on 11/8/2014-11/11/2014.
4	best hotel in downtown fremont street.
4	This place does not look impressive from the outside, but give it a chance. It has a GREAT pool, which is a nice place to lounge and have a drink and a chat. I have been to their sushi restaurant and it was good. It was over a year ago, so I can't remember the details. There is also a candy shop with fun caramel apples that make good hostess gifts or souvenirs. I stayed in a room there a little over a year ago and it was a good value, but slightly shabby. Not bad, but not new.
1	The service here was seriously lacking. From the restaurant Grotto that refused to try to accommodate a party of 20 when they were slow but apparently "understaffed" to the bell hops at check out that took over  30 minutes to get our luggage after calling 3 times for the cart as well as waiting at valet for them to simply bring it out of storage. The place is lovely with much to offer but management has dropped the ball to have enough employees to provide the service to it's customers. The lack of effort to accommodate the guests was appalling.
1	We went to downtown Las Vegas to play a bit and walk around. We parked at the Golden Nugget. The sign for the charge for parking is hidden, purposefully, so you can't see it until you are leaving. The first three hours are free, if you know that you need to validate the parking at the cage. But of course, you would only know if you could see the sign. This is clearly done to deceive.The end result is that I won't be back to play at the Golden Nugget. If you need to deceive me out of $4, you are just shameful.
2	Well right now the review is not so good.  I have been coming here for 25 years and am very disappointed.  I booked a gold luxury room with VIP check in. Check in was fine except she checked me in under the wrong name. Stewart and not Swartz. I ran all over looking for the room. Gold Tower. Then they said Rush Tower then back to check in as I finally figured out I was checked in wrong.  That after providing a credit card and photo ID. Basically got a ops sorry from my second check in. Then they. Could not find our bags at the bell desk.  First they said they did not have a bell boy right now but we were first in line.  Well waited and waited and called again.   Sorry we don't have your claim check what do your bags look like.  So what was the first story we got then ?  They found the bags do we are all good now... Oops our room 1631 is right over Fremont Street and the Fremont Street Experience.  Guess we will not be sleeping much.  Sure hope things get better.
3	A very gracious lady Martha Sanchez called my wife tonight and apologized for the error. She offered to buy us breakfast in the morning and wanted to make sure we were happy. We appreciate her attention to this matter and felt she did give us excellent customer service. We have stayed her numerous times and will come back.
3	Terrible service. Took me like an hour to check in. They only have one person doing the registrations.  They also sell water for 4$....
1	Alerted them of a Facebook post where their employee was threatening to assassinate the president. Their response was to block me from their page. Now, because they employ trigger happy employees, I will no longer stay here. Besides, your entire hotel sucks anyway.
3	The hotel it self and the rooms are really nice. Very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The restaurants that we tried inside the hotel were both really good too. However, the cigarette smoke was almost unbearable. I was stuck in our room the majority of the time. I could not breathe, my eyes watered and we both reaked of cigarette smoke when we got back to the room. Honestly, it's kind of too bad because the hotel room was really nice. I guess im lucky because I was in it alot! Just be aware if you stay here. If you have allergies or are sensitive to cigarette smoke, don't stay here!
1	They fraudulently charged a "destination fee" of $23 on my credit card. They asked for the card for a security deposit, never mentioned these charges. I paid for my reservation through Orbitz.They get one star, because any business that commits fraud does not deserve to be patronized. I had stayed with them three times previously, but no more.
1	Stayed here last year for my birthday, made a reservation again for this year. Was thirty minutes late and they sold my room? Completely ruined my plans and night almost. Worst customer service I've ever experienced. Working in sales and customer service, I would have never told a customer their is nothing you can do... Will not be returning. Especially planning to spend $300 plus on a suite for one night in run down Fremont.
4	We were there for Thanksgiving weekend. We booked through last minute through Expedia. Just grateful to get a room I was surprised when we checked in that we were assigned a suite in the Rush Tower at no extra charge. The four stars are for the room which was beautiful. The bathroom was huge with a walk in closet. The minus one star is for the very loud air conditioner, so loud you couldn't hear the TV. The other negative was the parking. On Friday night we arrived at the valet at 9:00 pm and told there were no openings and to go to the other valet. That valet also had no openings and were directed to the parking garage where there was a long line of cars all seeking an open parking space that didn't exist. After spending 30 minutes in the lot we were directed to the Plaza lot and told we would be reimbursed the $5.00 fee. After hearing our plight the nice attendant at the Plaza didn't charge us the fee. After spending another 30 min in this lot with no luck I finally found a group leaving and slowly followed them to their car. When I checked out the next morning the desk clerk asked if I needed help with my luggage. I told her sure if she had someone available to trek to the back of the building then across the street and through a construction zone to get to my car. She declined.
3	Meh. Just okay. Outdated rooms. $15 WiFi. Really??? Called for a bellhop and waited at least 15 minutes. And although it's not the hotel's fault, there was loud construction outside at 3 in the morning. Not very conducive to sleeping. We only stayed here because we got a good deal, but I wouldn't stay here again.
4	We came here to play black jack and had one great dealer who kept us entertained each time he was at our table. Very nice place and good music ! The only reason I gave 4 stars is because it was a pain trying to order drinks while gambling. The cocktail girls weren't on top of it! Slow!
1	NIGHTMARE ON FREMONT STMy driver dropped me off at the hotel in the back and when I say driver I received a ride alone in a short bus from the airport. I was staying in the Carson tower and when I walked in I was informed to go to the Carson tower registration. So I started walking through the craziness of a Vegas Casino. Maneuvering around tired people who are drinking a lot and losing too much money. They are like rats trapped in a box for 4 days and 3 nights and are in no hurry to go anywhere. But I pushed on and made my way past the mayhem while dragging my suitcase to get to the Carson tower for check in.When I arrived at the Carson registration desk there was a sign that said Desk closed. Check in at the Rush Tower. What? So now I had to go back through the mayhem again. I pushed through and when I got to the Rush Tower there was a sign that informed me to check in at the Gold Tower registration because the desk was closed. What?At this point I felt like there were hidden cameras laughing at my every move. I took a deep breath and decided to look for the Gold Tower registration. I asked the lady running the high roller Keno room and she pointed me to the VIP check in door. I knew this wasn't correct but I was frustrated and I was going to make it work. So I walked in with my frustrated face and informed the staff of my wild goose chase I had just been on. I also dropped the Keno ladies name because it's always good to drop a name. I believe they took a little pity on me but the staff was very unapologetic to my dilemma. They were also very unfriendly and it was probably because I wasn't a high roller VIP. I did ask them if it's normal to send guests on a scavenger hunt to check in and they looked at me like it wasn't a big deal. I then asked if they were going to fix the incorrect signs and they told me no. After 10 hours of no sleep and traveling I had no more fight in me but I do know this was wrong. Upon walking to my room I finally walked past the open registration desk for the Gold Tower. I will say this was a frustrating way to arrive at a hotel. So I get into my room and start unpacking my bag. I then go to the bathroom to wash my face and realized someone had used the bathroom. Yes someone sat on the toilet seat, used the toilet paper, unwrapped the soap and used a clean towel. I'm too exhausted for this. I called down and spoke with the front desk. I also asked if I could be moved to a new room. Of course my request was denied and a maid was sent up to clean my room. A housekeeping manager walked in and told the maid to clean my whole room including the sheets. She was actually nice and hard working. So I left my room for an hour to let the maid do her job. Day 2...I wake up early and leave to get my work day started. When I arrived back 4 hours later my room wasn't clean. I spoke with the maid in the hall and she said they would clean my room by 1pm. She even wrote me on her list. I came back to the room at 2pm and it wasn't clean. I called Housekeeping and they said they would send someone up. I got back to my room at 5pm and it was still dirty. I called and spoke with a manager who promised to take care of it and my room was finally cleaned at 6pm. Honestly is it that hard?Day 3...It was my only day to sleep in and the maid bangs 5 times with the vacuum cleaner even though I had a "Do Not Disturb" sign on my door! Was it necessary to ram my door that many times? It was just rude. She knew what she was doing. Day 4...The room was prepaid by my client but for some reason the hotel decided to charge my credit card. I called down to the front desk and they were no help. The girl on the phone was rude and unhelpful. Then when I went downstairs that same girl was there. She was mean to me because of our phone call. I asked her to only see a copy of my bill. She printed me a bill with my credit card charged. She then slid open a drawer where she had her personal cell phone and started texting. This was incredibly rude & why would you do this in front of an upset customer. I did snap a photo of her displaying this unacceptable behavior. I really believe the staff needs to go through a hospitality travel course because they don't get it. The hotel staff doesn't have any good customer service. The employees seem unhappy and it translates into the bad customer service I received. In all of my travels, I've never seen a more incompetent  staff, then here. On another note: the room was nice. I was expecting dirty old gross Vegas but that is not what I received. The casino was very modern. The pool had a shark tank in the middle which was really cool. You could even water slide through the middle of the sharks. This place wasn't what I expected. It's just sad that the customer service isn't there. I score hard on being treated nice and the Golden Nugget failed on every level.
5	We stayed here for 6day & never had a bad experience, the staff was great, food was soo good & the rooms are very comfy...
3	A great place to stumble in to when you are on the Fremont experience. It is a crazy hotel that is a tight fit and often seems packed, even on a slow day. Their drinks are not over priced like other places but their service is below par. It takes a while to get a hold of a bartender to service you, and sometimes they talk with others and delay your order. Its a cool experience to visit this very famous hotel, but it does not seem like a place too stay as the upkeep is average.
5	Always have a great time when I come here to stay. Perfect "diet" version of the strip. Kimberly (from Vegas ) at the front desk was super helpful in giving us directions and sending us to non tourist spots. For sure coming back.
4	The only reason I don't give this 5 stars is because of $10 per computer, per night wifi, the not so great spa, and the blah buffet.  The lack of resort fee makes up for the cost of wifi, but they really do need to upgrade their spa and buffet.  The room itself was wonderful and extremely reasonably priced.   I love the new trend of no bed spread, so everything on the bed is freshly washed.  The sheets were soft, and the bed very comfy.  The room was clean and spacious.  Love the pool.  The slide is super fun.   However, the jacuzzi is not hot enough and the jets were weak.  The massages at the spa were good, but the facilities need to be revamped.  Otherwise, what fun Freemont Street is these days!Played a bit of slots and came out about even.  I'm pleased with that.
2	Typical Landry's overpriced, under serviced and snooty.They are trying to be a high end strip property which they are not! They are in the working class Freemont Strip area, and shouldn't be as snooty as what they are. The entire staff act's like they work at the Wynn or a nice facility on the strip. Some of the food is nice, but pricey, and there is better for the same price point around.
4	best pool you are going to find is vegas is definetly here! surrounded by a huge shark tank! included with water slide that goes through it. Also an adult pool (which you have to pay for entrance) is also a great escape from the tons of children. The hotel room was okay had some issues with the shower drain, besides that they reponded to issue very quickly. We choose this hotel specifically for the pool and were both very happy with our choice!
1	I am very disappointed with my stay thus far. I've stayed here before,  but it appears their standards have dropped.  We rented 2 rooms for our stay, since it was our anniversary and Chritmas, we traveled as a family of 5. Our rooms had nothing but issues. Room 12108 had gum stains on the floor (which they came and cleaned after a call to housecleaning), and hair in the bed (they came and changed the sheets after 2 calls to housecleaning). In Room 12110 the shower was filthy, there were blood stains on one of the towels, and when we woke up in the morning we realized that there were dried blood stains on the comforter. This is not acceptable for a Hotel that claims to be a 4 Star property.  This is very disappointing, considering that we are paying customers.  I understand we booked the lowest rate, which must place us in the oldest tower, however this is not acceptable. I will be speaking to Hotel Management today.
1	Just when I thought finally  arrived to be told the two beds room I paid for was gone and I should of read the fine print, so I asked for a manager, ten min later she comes with a bad attitude and presided to tell me you should of been here sooner so I got loud at the point a room became available she offered me nothing even when I told here I walked a long ways in the cold wind to find a parking and it took me over an hour all I wanted is a little simpathy  thx for nothing Roxane. You should be hidden in the back not running  the front disk.
5	i can't wait until my next vegas trip because i'm for sure going to stay here again!! my bf and i are big fremont st. fans. the strip is great, but it's a lot more casual, less crowded, and just more fun overall in downtown. we live in SoCal but every time we come to vegas, we always go to the bars/casinos here. I know the hotels here are a lot older than average, but i was pleasantly surprised by how modern and chic looking it is inside. right when i saw the aquarium behind the check in counter i was like, whoa okay i like this place. it was a fast and easy process and up our room we went. Booked a standard carson tower room but it's pretty spacious! the room looked renovated and clean, no complaints here! topped off the night with dinner at the grotto and was off to get wasted in dtlv.
1	Never again! Terrible hotel. I wonder how they have got 4 stars. We came there to find dirty bath tub with the water that does not drain. Called maintenance but no one came so we asked the front desk to get another room. The manager at the front desk said "it happens". What happens? They don't clean the room before new guests arrive? Also, they do not have a fitness center, nor enough room in the garage for their guests. They told me to park somewhere else and they will validate the ticket. Additionally, they charged me for services I did not use so I had to call them and insist to remove that charge. I would give them zero stars.
5	this is our second time to stay at the downtown Golden Nugget Hotel & Casino, staff and the amenities are always great, room prices are very competitivewe will be back
4	I was staying at a hotel & casino on the strip for New Year's Eve, however, I chose to get a room at the Golden Nugget (as a lay-off place) because of an event we were attending on Fremont Street.  The room I got was located in the Gold Tower, just above the main casino.  This is Fremont Street.  I knew what to expect.  I was pleasantly surprised with the room.  If you want get down and dirty on Fremont Street, the Golden Nugget is one of the best places to stay.
4	Not going to give it 5 stars because my stay was short but after reading some of the other reviews wanted to add my own. Checked in about 4:30 in the afternoon. Yes the Carson Tower desk was closed but the Gold Tower check-in wasn't that far away. After reading other reviews I thought I'd have to weave through the casino and crowds.  Compared to other hotels on the strip, the walk was nothing and did not go through the casino as other reviews implied. My room on the 16th floor in the Carson Tower was away from the elevators had a view of downtown.  It was spacious, clean and the bed very comfortable. I had room service and from order to the delivery was less than 30 minutes. It was hot and very reasonably priced as well. I hope to stay again when I have more time.
5	This review is for my visit to the Rush Tower. As soon as I pulled up I was blown away with some of the best customer service I've seen. The valet is exceptional!  Even better, the front desk check inn was easy and hassle free. We stayed in a Jr. Corner Suite, and it was incredible!  The pool is a lot of fun, and I love the little bar in the main casino. There are so many reasons to stay here, and I can't wait to go back!
3	Just a "blah" hotel. It lacks in both personal touches and wow factor. Maybe if the pool wasn't closed that would be a different story. As far as room and customer service it  it just ok.
